B000002H97|5.0|Like most Americans, Danes are pretty biased when it comes to Metallica. Deep Purple's &quot; Made in Japan&quot;, Boston's first album and then came Metallica with this recording that simply moved rock in to a new gear.  I was born in 1961 and am suppose to be out of date by now but I know for a  fact that this recording will stay with us as a future reference album. The  energy from Metallica and the way the band obviously has something it wants  to get across to a wider audience simply cannot be ignored. I just bought  Garage Inc. which shows how much hard work the boys put in to arriving at  what became the black album. A well deserved success for the group.
0800141326|3.0|There really wasn't anything bad about this movie except that it really wasn't very good. The acting is mediocre, the special effects aren't bad and the script is so-so. It simply failed to rise above the normal the way  that movies like Independance Day and Armageddon did. Watch it once but no  more.
B000000OS2|5.0|This is one CD I listen to again and again -- I'll never get tired of the clean sound of the acoustic guitar playing some of the greatest rock and roll songs Tesla has released!
0399143904|1.0|I left this book in a hotel room.  That's how disappointed I was after reading Rainbow Six.  The only reason I finished the book was that I have enjoyed Tom Clancy's other books and kept hoping that it would turn around.   It didn't.     It is a simplistic book about a highly trained  counter-terrorist group that never fails to kill all the bad guys.  Since  there is never developed in the reader any real sense that the good guys  might fail, the book seems to move from one self-serving win to another.   At best, this book is long and boring.  At a deeper level it paints a  picture of covert operations agents as a group of psycopathic killers who  have thinly sheathed their obsession in questionable purpose. The story  would have been ever so much more interesting if Rainbow Six had to deal  with the ramifications of a successful Dooms Day plot.
B000001EUN|4.0|Animal Magnetism is one of my favorite Scorpions CD's. With tracks such as &quot;Make It Real&quot; and &quot;The Zoo&quot;, this CD introduces some of the heaviest of the Scorpions work and among their best.
6305265488|5.0|I Loved this movie. The plot is exciting and well-written. Most movies have either bad actting or are poorly written or both, but not this one. &quot;Ever After&quot; is a love story between the Prince of France and  Danielle intracatly woven into a story of wit and intellagence. If you like  love stories and like history you'll LOVE this movie
0520089308|5.0|Having read both the original Chinese text and Mr. Roberts' accurate translation, I can say without hesitation  that Mr. Roberts' achievement is nothing short of monumental. If you want to understand China and how  Chinese think, this book is a must.
0790739917|4.0|Something about this movie is unique. Maybe it's in its presentation, or maybe the music, or the writing, but something about this movie makes it very unusual, and that is what makes it great. In this age of carbon copy action movies, to find one that breaks out of a genre is a rare find. I saw this movie four times in the theater, simply amazing. Don't miss it.
6302000823|5.0|Do yourself the the favor of purchasing the greatest film ever made.  It has comedy, drama, love, beautiful cinematography, gorgeous settings, etc... The PERFECT date movie!
6300181464|5.0|Silent Running is one of my all-time favorite films. Not because it had the best acting, special effects or Action, but because it tells a story of a possible future in a realistic manner. This film along with Solyent  Green, Farenheit 451 , 1984 and Metropolis make up my list of the classics  of real science fiction as it should be. The acting might need work, but  the concepts depicted make you think about what the future could be if we  don't pay attention.
0316152196|5.0|The first Connelly novel I read was The Poet and the second was Trunk Music. Then I decided to go back to the beginning and read the Bosch novels in order. I am glad I did. It helps to know the history of people like  Bosch, Wish, Chastain, Irvin, and Frankie Sheehan. I thought Angels Flight  was one of Connelly's best. It is unsettling in places, and it wouldn't be  a Connelly novel without at least one violent death, or maybe five or six.  I wouldn't mind taking a tour of L.A., just to see some of the landmarks  Connelly points out in his books. I may even find Frank Sinatra's star.
B000000ORX|4.0|It has been nearly a year since I last listened to this recording, however, the timbre and the melodic content are hauntingly fresh in my ears.  Joni's voice and lyric carry a seasoned perspective on these  extraordinarily observed stories of passion and resignation.  Even with the  sustantial contributions of the well enlisted musicians, each of the tracks  on this broad palette of ideas elicits an image of Joni Mitchell's  infectious work.  The album is delightfully provocative collection of  novels for the intensive listener.
B000002KLZ|5.0|Fleetwood Mac, what can I say?  They are the greatest band ever.  The group is just amazing!  The three vocalist that stand out, Lindsey Buckingham, Stevie Nicks, and Christie McVie all have unique voices.  I  guess that is what makes them so attractive, the variety that you get in  the tone of the songs and the meaning.  If you like &quot;The Dance&quot;  live music, you will like this one.  I can't wait until they release their  album in March!
0780624890|1.0|This vampire film is probably one of the worst vampire films i have seen.  It's illogical and silly.  This film is made for kids under 10.  I don't understand why some people (pls don't take it personally) would give it a  thumb up for special effect.  You can tell these effects is made of low  budget worksatation by very limited resources.  Nothing can compare to  Terminator, Jurassic Park, Godzilla, etc...  I couldn't sit for over 120  mins for this movie.  Really waste of time.  But enjoy the alternative  ending.  I think the studios should follow suit like this DVD.  Great  features, creative.  Too bad that I don't like this movie, otherwise, I  think it's worth of keeping one.
630242335X|3.0|I feel this movie left some questions unanswered. Exactly what information in the ship's computer said that the shots were fired from the Enterprise? Although the scenes with the floating Klingon blood were impressive, I had  always believed that phasers, when making a penetrating wound, cauterized  that wound (remember the close-ups of smoking holes in uniforms?). So why,  in this movie, do we have wounds that were not cauterized? Nicholas Mayer  did superbly well in Wrath of Khan. But I feel that in this movie he did  even worse than Shatner in Final Frontier.
0385484518|5.0|This is the greatest book I read so far. It talks about what's silenced inside most of our hearts. If each of us who have read the book may take some actual action to carry out those ideas, a caring world may be  expected!
B00000DGUG|5.0|This album does take time to appriciate, but believe me, it's well worth it!  It is different from Jagged Little Pill in many ways, but it is just as good.  The one song that stands out the most in my mind is most  definately &quot;Joining You&quot;.  This song is charged with emotion and  can bring you to tears if you just let it.  Overall, the album is great,  and Alanis is amazing!
6302769051|1.0|I bought this film expecting to watch an  exciting and a full action-packed story, and besides being a movie acted and directed by Mr Clint Eastwood, I said, this must be the best Westen movie ever made, but,  It was boring, Eastwood's character was weak and unappalling, and I had to  expend the whole Sunday afternoon watching this. There are much better  mexican westerns. The only actor that keeps afloat the movie is Gene  Hackman. I recommend you instead:  &quot;The Magnificent Seven &quot;, for  me, this is the best Western ever made.
B00000F1D3|5.0|Cher's new album has a little bit of everything to appeal to many people.  There are enough dance songs (including the title track) to appeal to the club kids.  And there are a few romantic songs as well, which adds a lot to  the mix.  This album rocks!
0345403959|5.0|This book filled in a lot of the gaps and elaborated on many of the things implied but never fully explained in &quot;THE BELGARIAD&quot; and &quot;THE MALLOREAN&quot; series.  I thought it was an excellent book and a  fitting conclusion for the earlier books.
0792153294|5.0|&quot;Deep Impact&quot; has some problems with pacing, but it was realistic, for the most part technically accurate, and very moving.  The ending had me in tears, and that's only happened about four times in thirty  years.  Good, thoughtful drama, with stunning performances by Freeman and  Duvall.  *THIS* is the end-of-the-world movie to see.
0792151712|2.0|Fantastic setting and good music. However the plot is trite and acting is contrived. Kate gave superb performance in the 1996 movie &quot;Jude&quot;. Her performance is dissapointing here though it's much better than the  actor.The movie's success is, in my opinion, very much undeserved.
0399143904|2.0|Rainbow Six is about...400 pages too long. There are about 300 pages of good Clancy here, but someone has to tell him when he's repeating himself. I can only handle so much description of training exercises. Yes, Tom, I  get it, these guys are really well trained, now can you get on with the  story!<br />I started skimming this sucker at page 280 or so; and that's never  a good sign. I would have quit reading it completely, but I kept hoping  something good would show up; and it did occassionally. I give it two stars  just so that I'm not lumped in with the reviewers who just wanted to trash  Clancy's political views, but this books is probably more of a one and a  half star effort.
B000000WF0|5.0|ONLY REAL MUSIC LOVERS WILL UNDERSTAND THESE SONGS PUT TOGETHER BY THIS BAND ... FOR ME THIS ALBUM CAN'T GET ANY BETTER WITH SONGS LIKE SONNET, ONE DAY, THIS TIME, AND COME ON. I DON'T GET HOW PEOPLE SAY IT'S NOT GREAT. I  HAVE EVERY RECORD OF THE VERVE IF YOU LIKE THIS ONE CHECK OUT  &quot;NORTHERN SOUL&quot; OR &quot;VOYAGER&quot;.
B00000AFWW|5.0|Its great. The best Hole cd. I think Courtney Love sounds great and the music is just plain fabulous. And I have to say that even though some people hated it, it was wonderful*5000!
6304613113|3.0|A collection of the first three Batman movies.  The first two are very good, although the third is somewhat monotonous.  A good buy for the comic book fanatic in your life.
B000001Y16|5.0|This is one of tha best cds pac ever released..... it is tight !! Alive or dead, Pac's the reason hip hop's what it is..... he affected the way i look at life........now i know life and what i want from it.....so all ya playa  haters go out and buy this cd and get a life !!
6300216802|2.0|It's good to see the Star Trek characters, again. But this movie is WAY too long. Skip this one and see The Wrath of Khan instead!
0385486804|4.0|This is a necessary read for any person who will be, or has recently, graduated from college -- or any early-20ish person who is grasping for &quot;direction&quot; in life. I read this book in one sitting (airline  trip from NY to Seattle), and I cannot imagine reading it any other way. I  believe that any person &quot;our&quot; age has sometimes very similar  thoughts about direction, meaning, and purpose of life. But, few of us have  the courage to strike out on our own as did the character of this book. I  was very intrigued by the courage of this person, and his total shunning of  monetary values (I sometimes wish I personified more of these values);  however, his ultimate downfall holds a lesson for all of us.  Courage has  to be met, at least somewhat, by a respect for certain realities -- like  bodily needs and protection. I remember the oft-quoted Boy Scout creed to  &quot;be prepared.&quot; I grew up in the Northwest, spending much time in  the wilderness, and I have had the opportunity to visit the wonderful  Alaskan wilderness twice.  Through these experiences I have learned many of  the basic necessities of co-existing with nature in these areas (although I  still do not have the personal courage to strike out on my own in the  wilderness).  The young man's own ego, and some lack of respect for the  human needs in the Alaskan wilderness (and life in general) are a large  part of his downfall. And this is a great lesson for all of us  over-confident, intelligent, young adults.  Krakauer's own background and  values taints his attempt at objectivity -- but his superb journalistic  background provides a perfect basis for telling this thought-provoking  story. (The text itself is superbly written and makes for a very  &quot;easy&quot; read). The reader will find himself &quot;pulling&quot;  for the young man, and usually disappointed for him given the fact that he  has access to all the necessities to survive -- but a few unwise (and  over-confident) decisions brings about his own destruction. Again, this is  a definite read for my fellow 20ish generation.
630021463X|5.0|This movie is one of the best of the Trek Films and defineately the best for Non-Trekkies. Lot's of fun! You'll have a whale of a time watching it!
0684874350|5.0|A wonderful book!  Frank McCourt tells what could be a very sad story with such charm and humor.  I was not able to put this book down.  I have told all of my friends to read it.
6301543408|2.0|This movie is boring,  and the characters don't seem real. There are a few good one-liners but that's about it. If you are a die-hard Trekkie, see it. Otherwise, forget it.
0316152196|5.0|Mr. Connolly Has Done It Again. Like A Master Juggler, He Keeps All The Balls Spinning Up And Down In The Air, Now Passing, Now Converging Until They All Come Together In Harry Bosch's Capable Hands. I've Been A Fan Since &Quot;Black Echo&Quot; -- And Hope To Read Many More H. Bosch Books, As Well As The Other Stand-Alone Ones. Mr. Connolly Has A Wonderful Style That Takes Me By The Hand And Drags Me Onward...Or Downward, Into The Darknesses That People Do To Themselves And Each Other. I Am Always Fascinated...And Grateful That It's Not Me
0792151712|5.0|I Have always been fascinated with the Titanic  disaster and I went to see the movie not because of the love story,which also helped,but to see  what it was like to be on the worlds largest liner,and I was not disappointed.  It was and is a great movie and I would recommend it to any body who would  love a good love story or if you are fascinated about the legend of Titanic  like I  am.
6305232660|5.0|After suffering through Armageddon, I fully expected Deep Impact to be a similarly wasteful way to spend two hours of my life. I couldn't have been more wrong! I'm a real fan of human drama, which is why Armageddon left me  so cold. It had the intelligence of a sidewalk. The makers of Deep Impact,  on the other hand, wisely decided to give the action/one-liners/cliches a  rest, and they focused on the deeper issues resulting from a society being  forced to contemplate its own demise. I haven't been this emotionally moved  by a movie since Titanic, and I loved every minute of it.
034538072X|5.0|How often can you pick up a history/biography that you are already familiar with and not be able to put it down?  Although I &quot;know how it ends&quot; I found myself caught up in the intrigue as if this the latest  fictional novel.  Kudos to Alison Weir for writing this easily-accessable  well-researched and always fascinating novel.   I had already read a  scholarly tome detailing Elizabeth I's life and  wasn't interested in  pursuing the Tudors when I recieved Weir's book as a gift.  Now I am a  Tudor junkie and can't wait to read more.
0800141326|1.0|Godzilla did accomplish one remarkable feat -- even in today's vast field of cliched, brainless Hollywood action flicks, it managed to stand out as being mind-numbingly stupid. The only place this film belongs is in an  episode of Mystery Science Theater 3000. Maybe then it might be marginally  entertaining.
B000002JSR|4.0|Not for the casual LZ listener, but definitely has something to offer LZ enthusiasts.  Obviously this is not their greatest material, but songs like Poor Tom, Ozone Baby, and Wearing and Tearing are good enough to warrant  buying.
0786889284|5.0|Mr. Ridley has a wonderful way of describing the color of Seattle.  This book was a gripper first page to last.  This was my first Ridley, not my last.  I have just ordered the rest of the ones I had not read.
B000007RYQ|5.0|Gustav Mahler described himself as &quot;thrice homeless: as a Bohemian among Germans, as a German in Austria, and as a jew throughout the world.&quot;  While that may have summed up Mahler well at the end of the  19th century, at the end of the 20th, we call that kind of thing  &quot;multicultural,&quot; and see it as a strength.  Uri Caine recognizes  that strength, and his renditions of Mahler's music reveal the roots of the  composer's style, in the waltzes and marches of his native Bohemia, in  Jewish klezmer music, in the chanting of kantors, as well as the art-music  ambience of Vienna.  Caine and his outstanding band (special kudos to Don  Byron's clarinet in particular) provide a window into Mahler's music that  illuminates it even as it distorts it.  If you really know your Mahler,  you'll find this recording a revelation.  Moreover, you'll never again be  able to listen to the Mahler 5th, for example, without hearing the klezmer  elements in the 2nd theme.  And the fact that one of the &quot;Songs of a  Wayfarer&quot; works perfectly as breezy tune that might have been penned  by Chick Corea implies how far Mahler's influence reaches into the 20th  century.  As a Mahler afficianado, I adored this; but I suspect that  friends who don't know Mahler's work, but who like John Zorn and Carla  Bley, are going to dig this as well.  Call it Post-Modern, call it an  outrage, call it a gas!  (And the packaging is as beautiful as the tunes.)
6305075468|5.0|Before SCREAM, THE EXORCIST, and THE SHINING, there was NOSFERATU, a brilliant piece of work by one of Germany's most famous and talented directors, F.W. Murnau (who also directed SUNRISE {1927}).  David Sheppard  once again does a fine job of restoring a fine film.     The transfer on  this film is quite good, considering the fact that the movie is over 70  years old.  Sheppard has also included an interesting commentary that  proves to be enjoyable and insightful.  Don't miss this disc!
6305169187|5.0|I think this was one of the best movies I have seen.  The main characters were down to work working people, not military supermen or other imaginary heros, but honest to Goddess people that were faced with an impossible task  they really didn't want to do and did they did it anyway.  The action kept  going without getting unrealistic or boring.  I especially liked the way  that the director kept moving back and forth between locations groups of  characters and locations.  My type of movie.
0671004107|1.0|This is not a book for any fan of thought provoking science fiction. The writing style is plodding turgid and unsubtle. The book deals with the philosophical issues concerning the discovery of Alien intelligence as  ludicrously juvenile simplicity. &quot;occams Razor&quot;, &quot;Does god  exist or not&quot; Yech! reminds me of arguments I had when I was in High  school! While such issues are of concern to the ignorant masses, real  intellectuals, the sort of people who would actually detect and decode such  a message would have no time for them. A much better Science Fiction book  on the issue, sadly out of print, that deals with the same issue in an  adult educated fashion is &quot;The Masters Voice&quot; By Stanislav Lem.  Go to a Big library take this out and read it instead of this pulp drivel,  you will not be disappointed! By the way I must add the disclaimer that I  have always been a big fan of the outlook of Carl and very much appreciate  what his non fiction books have done, and I also feel sad that he had to  pass away in such an untimely fashion, its just that when it comes to  fiction he should have stuck to his day job as a non-fiction writer.
6303823351|5.0|&quot;Help!&quot; is the best Beatles movie, excepting only &quot;A Hard Day's Night.&quot;  These movies have a lot in common, though &quot;Help!&quot; is much more humorous to those not terribly familiar with  the Beatles.  The plot is rather ludicrous, and can get a bit dull upon  additional viewings, but the effects are consistently funny.  The Beatles  each entering separate doors to a common house, and calling each other from  opposite ends of the room is one such detail.  And Paul's adventure on the  floor is also really good, as are the mad scientists, who seem very similar  to Pinky and the Brain in purpose and personality.  As in &quot;A Hard  Day's Night,&quot; there are also some hilarious quotes, such as George  saying, &quot;It's a thingy, a fiendish thingy!&quot;  It's one of those  movies that will keep most people laughing all the way through, at least  the first time around.
B0000026J6|5.0|&quot;I'm your man&quot; is a fantastic album which was Cohen's come-back after losing popularity in the mid-seventies and early eighties. Not that Cohen was ever forgotten in Europe, where they have always understood his  music, but in the USA they didn't notice him anymore. Anyway, this album  has such great lyrics and awsome music that it just blows your mind. My  favourite songs are &quot;I can't forget&quot;, &quot;First we take  Manhattan&quot; and &quot;Everybody knows&quot;, but all songs are great,  except maybe for &quot;Jazz Police&quot;, which was more or less a joke.  Buy it, you won't regret it. Is this Cohen's best album ? Personally I  guess I still prefere Songs of Love and Hate and Songs of Leonard Cohen  above this one, although I'm happy I don't have to choose.
B000002LND|4.0|&quot;The Immaculate Collection&quot; is a must-have for any Madonna fan.  I really like this CD, however, I miss Burning Up, True Blue, Love Don't Live Here Anymore, etc. from her original albums.  This is a wonderful  collection nonetheless.
B000002UA2|4.0|While it doesn't quite match the brilliance of Dark Side of the Moon, or Wish You Were Here, this album features the same songwriting talent with a more laid-back, get-down and rock-and-roll feel to it.  I had heard it was  a good album, but I was still surprised by just HOW good it was!
0767802772|5.0|This movie is very funny and very romantic...you can't leave your seat when you watch this movie because you'll miss either the important or funny sentences...I've seen this movie over and over and over again...and i still  laugh...
6304935811|5.0|This film was outstanding. I've seen it 5 times and I still can't get enough of it. George C. Scott gives not only the best proformance of his life he gives the absolute best proformance you will ever see. To quote my  personal favorite line form the movie        &quot;when you look down in a  puddle of goo that a moment ago was your friends face you'll know what to  do.&quot;<br />This movie is a definite must see. Even if you don't like war  movies watch it just to see Scott's spectacular porformance as General  George S. Patton. Yes his porformance is that good!
B0000028W9|5.0|The Future is is among Cohen's best albums and leaves us begging for more music. Unfortunately Cohen has been keeping us waiting for almost seven years now...LEONARD WE WANT A BRAND NEW ALBUM !....but a Cohen CD is always  worth waiting for. We prefere one masterpiece over six mediocre ones.  Anyway, this album is a true masterpiece. The best songs to me are  &quot;The future&quot;, &quot;Anthem&quot;, &quot;Waiting for the  miracle&quot; and &quot;Closing time&quot;. &quot;Always&quot; is too much  blues for my liking, too long as well, but knowing that the song is very  special to Leonard (his mother used to sing this tune when he was young), I  can still like it in a way. &quot;Tacoma Trailer&quot; is an incredibly  beautiful instrumental track. WE WANT MORE !
B000002TLX|5.0|Richard Marx is a genius when it comes to writing love songs!!! His greatest hits collection is totally awesome!!! &quot;Hold On To The Nights', &quot;Shoulda known better&quot; and &quot;Endless Summer  Nights&quot; are classics. I also love &quot;Hazard&quot; and  &quot;Angelia&quot;. One of the best pop singers of the decade!!!!
0380789019|5.0|My bold face intro says it all.  This book was beyond excellent.  It kept me up deep into the night, I couldn't put it down.  If you like fantasy, you'll love this book.  I'll be one of the first in line when STARDUST is  released.
8408010093|5.0|American expatriates and a spoilt English Upper Class woman in Europe in the 1920s, the gay life in Paris, fishing and bullfighting, the Fiesta in Pamplona - the ingredients Hemingway so brilliantly used to construct one  of the 20th century`s most famous and read novel. Here Hemingway`s  structure, his narrative style with the simple use of language really came  on display for the first time. A book that totally gripped me and  fascinated me. Excellent, brilliant, simply Ernest Hemingway!
0783225970|5.0|This is a movie which you either love or you hate.  It is a colt movie, and one which has moved people all over the world.  It is not about gangsters and killing although there is plenty of it there, it is about a  man with a dream, the American dream and he would do whatever it takes to  get it.  The rest of it is just decor.  I love this movie, I watch it with  my friends once a month and they love it too.  It motivates up to do our  best at whatever our dream is.  I hope it has the same effect for you.
B000002UT5|5.0|I loved Richard Marx's first release so much that I bought this one. Very good decision!!!! &quot;Too Late For Goodbye&quot;, &quot;Angelia&quot;, &quot;Children of the Night&quot; are my favorites!!!! Good follow-up  album!!!!
630508999X|5.0|You'll love it if you love the first. If you didn't at least see it for Sarah Michelle Gellar, Neve Campbell, and Courtney Cox.
6302968135|5.0|I saw this movie late one night on cable, and was very glad I did.  This now has to be one of my favorites.  Although it is very long, the story, the acting, and the action will make you forget the time.  Amazing  performances from &quot;honest&quot; actors (with a few future stars thrown  in), the engrossing, twisting plot, and shocking ending make this a must  see.  Five big stars from a guy who does not usually like movies like this.
B0000069NM|5.0|Scofield and MMW have created something special. A lot of fun to listen to. It spent a lot of time in my CD changer this past year. I mean A LOT!! I have yet to grow tired of it. If you like MMW (Medeski, Martin, and  Wood), but don't like it when they get &quot;way out there&quot;, then this  CD is for you. They stay with the groove the whole time.<br />Buy it now. You  won't regret it.
0395389496|5.0|One of the most imaginative works, like The Snowman, full of dream like images.  Life like visages of children.  My daughter loves it all year.
078062369X|5.0|I saw this movie multiple times in the theatres, but I'm not going to rent it, just buy it and watch it a million times. The first fight scene is awsome!  He whips out his shotgun, and of course kicks their butts with his  bomby sword. I definately recomend this movie. I'm ready for a sequel. Buy  it now!
0446310786|5.0|It describes the racial hadships people went through back then. It also describes the way that children look at things with an open mind and how they do not judge people based on their skin color. To Kill a Mockingbird  is such a great book because it can be related to modern times. It shows  people that if they look at the world with an open mind and an open heart,  they will begin to see a whole new world. This book tells of how prejudice  can ruin people's lives. It also shows us how to be more compassionate and  understanding.
0792151720|5.0|Spectacular and exceptional historical epic involves 1912 sinking of White Star Line's prized ocean liner and two passionate individuals (both on different sides of the class system) is grand in every shape and form.   Faultlessly performed by the two leads (Dicaprio is good, Winslett is  better if you wish to compare them), expertly paced (with fine story  telling finesse by director Cameron) and gripping from start to finish.   Different, but not superior to British film &quot;A Night to  Remember,&quot; is a box offic sensation...and rightfully so.
B000002J1S|4.0|If you like Genesis or Peter Gabriel at all and haven't listened to this album, then you'll be delighted when you do.  The title track is well known and played on the radio frequently but I don't think it really is  representative of the whole album.  The other songs on the album are really  chunky stuff with outstanding instrumentals and lyrics.  I hightly  recommend this album.
0553212478|4.0|Mary Shelley's Frankenstein is an interesting, enjoyable, and thought provoking novel, depicting the consequences of one immoral decision on the behalf of Dr. Victor Frankenstein.  Frankenstein is then faced with whether  or not to create a second monster to appease the first, which has already  killed his brother in his fury.  This second decision, which he saw as a  choice between his family and the human race, was what angered the  originally kind-hearted creature and turned him to a path of evil and  revenge. While the story of Frankenstein is commonly thought to involve an  evil &quot;monster,&quot; I particularly liked that either the doctor or  the creature (or both) could be seen as evil.  Frankenstein had sought fame  in the ability to bring one back from the dead but he never paused to  consider the moral implications of his actions.  Abandoning his creation,  Victor saw only evil in his creature and, blaming him for the death of his  brother, vowed revenge.  Victor would not sympathize with the creature's  hard life and refused to grant him one request that would end, or so he  promised, his evil doings.  Similarly, the creature entered the world with  a good heart and had intentions only of helping others.  He wanted nothing  more than acceptance and love, but people were unable to see beyond his  hideous appearance.  After being shunned by the human race, the creature  vowed revenge on the person who had cursed him with life, his creator.  Once Frankenstein refused him a companion, and with it, any chance of  happiness or love, the creature vowed to make Frankenstein pay for his  selfishness.  Mary Shelley's story is captivating and intriguing; it  portrays the classic horror story plot in an enjoyable manner with emphasis  on the issue of who is &quot;right&quot; and &quot;good&quot;, and what the  responsibilities of Frankenstein, as the creator should be to his monster.
B000002L7G|5.0|One of Dire Straits' best albums by far. Really sets the tone for their later work. The guitars on &quot;So Far Away&quot; and &quot;Brothers in Arms&quot; are especially soothing. This version of &quot;Walk of  Life&quot; may be the best one ever, excluding the version played in  &quot;On the Night&quot;.
B0000019HU|5.0|Spiderland is a must have. Your music collection is nothing without it
0385474547|5.0|I found this book breathtaking in its simplicity and clarity.  Like many great works, the author shifts our perspective and makes us reexamine our own cultural biases.  Brilliant.
0425152251|5.0|My longtime friend has been after me to read this for an eon, it seems, but it just sounded too dull to me:  &quot;a novel about the history of philosophy.&quot;  I mean, '[my friend] taught philosophy for years; of  course, he'd like something that is subtitled like that' --  so I thought  too hastily.  But, as I should know by now, [my friend] is not a fan of  things dull, no matter what their subject.  So, I picked this up on impulse  at the misnamed Rutland Free Library ($20 per year).  Reading it:  imagine  two things, one easy to come by, one almost impossible:  a fine fantasy  based in reality (easy to conceive and very much like the fiction of C. S.  Lewis) and an actually entertaining and clear textbook (almost impossible  to imagine; perhaps such an idea is the real fantasy here).  At any rate, I  now want four copies of the book:  one for each of my children, one for  myself to scribble notes into and to underline, and one for my high school  English classroom, where I may begin to read a chapter per week to the  senior Pacesetter group,  something I'm giving very serious consideration.   This is a very satisfying book, on several different levels.  I'd bought  one for the classroom before I'd finished reading it.
6304119046|3.0|The only reason I wanted to finish the movie is to get the answer to the mystery of  Rosebud.  While the film was a decent portrayal of a complex psychological character, I found High Noon more compelling in its complex  psychology.  While its cinematography was interesting, it didn't rise to  the level of, say, Casablanca.  In short, I found the movie to be mediocre  at best, and I will probably avoid seeing it again.
0399143904|2.0|Previous TC books (not including his various Op-Center type &quot;franchises&quot;) have required at least some massaging to yield a feature film of varying quality.  Rainbow Six is a prefab script, ready to  be filmed as soon as the money appears.  John Clark's mention of SPECTRE  (the evil organization in some of the more dubious James Bond films) was  less self-effacing humor than a recognition of what he has decended to: a  pulp fiction writer.
B0000026J6|5.0|I first became familiar with the music of Leonard Cohen through his riviting first engagement on KLRU's &quot;Austin City Limits&quot; show.  I was captured by the originality, mysteriousness and the strange familiarity  of Cohen's music and lyrics.  I had to own the music, and &quot;I'm Your  Man&quot; is the first one I bought. I never tire of the CD.  Each cut  seems to be my favorite, although &quot;Take this Waltz&quot; is in a class  of its own.   <br />Highly recommended for anyone looking for the unusual.
0792151712|3.0|If you are looking for a love story that have a pop culture story (like some sort of 90210 Beverly Hills in the old fashion), this is for you.  If you plan to make a gift for a teenager or a Leo's fan, go on.  If you are  looking for an award quality love story for mature audiences, get Madison  Bridge by Clint Eastwood or Casablanca.<br />In my opinion (and this is  exactly my opinion) Cameron knew how to manipulate people emotions and  despite of the not overwhelming performance of DiCaprio and Winslet it  became a hit.  Watching this movie is like having some sort of catarsis.  I  noticed that those people who have had a heartbreak just liked this movie,  enjoyed and cried much more than other people.<br />James Horner made a good  soundtrack (I have it).  As George Lucas said once, this is half of the  experience.  Star Wars is also part of the pop culture but it is also  different.  Star Wars made a special contribution in visual aspects and  caused a revolution in the Sci-fi genre.  Titanic is a single movie that  has not contributed in such a way, however it showed me that marketing  people and writers can make hits if they got to manipulate emotions.<br />When  no emotions are involved (from the beginning of the story to ship  departure) it becomes slow and plain (boring if you have seen this  already).  However, as simple and common emotions start to rise people  start to get involved.  It ressembles some sort of &quot;Pretty Woman&quot;  or latin &quot;telenovelas&quot; which have got good TV ratings in  Latinamerica and China.<br />I wouldn't call Cameron a genius, but I must  recognize his work (Aliens and Terminator) has a certain level of quality  as well as Michael Bay (The Rock and Armageddon).  If you want a genius,  look for Spielberg best movies or read Franz Kafka.<br />There is nothing bad  with that movie.  This is not a masterpiece, not a crap, but a hit (like a  pop music hit) that teens are going to keep as a symbol of their young  years (like we did with songs like &quot;We are the world&quot;or &quot;It  is now or never&quot;).  Just put it in the right place.  If you like pop  culture movies or you have had a heartbreak or you like someone from the  casting (I like Winslet) you may buy this one.  Else you better rent it and  have an opinion.  Thank you for reading this.
B00000FCBC|5.0|I liked the sec. disc (Garage days Re-revisted) the best.(And the fact you can't find it anymore)the 1st disc is cool 2. If you like Metallica and don't own this yet, then you might as well go listen to Hanson
6302878527|5.0|music and humor add up to a great mood movie
0553374842|5.0|This book has some of the best art there is on the planets that are in the Star Wars Universe.  Not heavy on fact, though, this book makes tales that recount the information about Tatooine, Coruscant, Dagobah, Alderaan, Hoth,  Yavin, the forest moon of Endor, and Bespin, using pictures and first  person narrative.  A good addition to any Star Wars fan's book collection.
0790729725|5.0|This is one of Deneiros best performances
6303983812|4.0|One of the funniest Disney cartoons ever! Great fun for the family. Artwork looks a little dated at times, however.
6305265488|5.0|I love Drew and she is excellent in Ever After.  This version of Cinderella is wonderful with a nice touch of feminism.  It will be added to my video collection!
6300248178|5.0|Much better than the name suggests. Great special effects. Great action from beginning to end. Keeps you on the edge of your seat. Look for Jesse &quot;the Body&quot; Ventura!
0783225792|5.0|This is one of the best mafia movies I have ever seen in my life. It has to be right up there with the Godfather. It has a great vivid story, interseting characters, and good monologue from Joe Pesci and Robert De  Nero. I say again go buy it, you will not be disapointed.
B00000DFTH|5.0|When I first saw this album on sale, I thought it was another boring compilation/version of old Sabbath songs sung live. Boy was I wrong. This album kicks ass...plain and simple. Its probably the best live album for  Ozzy, second best for Black Sabbath (after Live At Last). If you like this  album, then I'm sure you'll love Live At Last (Remaster - Import)...its  hard to find nowadays, but its available at AMAZON.
B00000DGUG|1.0|A co-worker has been playing this thing at work.  Who is this Alanis Morisette, and why is she making all that racket?  She sounds like a a trapped animal, gnawing its own foot off to escape a steel trap.  As good a  reason as any to wage war against Canada.
0399143904|5.0|Clancy goes once more into the world of espionage and intrigue in a way that only he can. Rainbow Six is an excellent follow-up to Executive Orders, resurrecting the character of John Clark for a fast packed  adventure. The story moves fast, but never loses sight of the humanity of  the men and women who fight for a better world. An absolute must for all  Clancy fans.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|First, Offspring kicks. The ultimate punk band, Offspring is one of my number one bands. Onto the CD. IT RULES!!!!!!! Every song is potent, From the hard sounds of Have You Ever, to the almost a parody Why Don't You Get  A Job, Offspring never fails to kick ass. Sure, it's different than Smash,  but it's just as good. Buy it, what are you waiting for?
6300151379|4.0|Things aren`t all that they seem,but this movie certainly seemed all things.An excellent escape into the world of fantasy suitable for young and old.The humour is there for every age and taste to lose themselves in,but  this tale of goblinery and magical mystic still has a followable storyline  despite the never ending surealism and manically &quot;outness&quot; of it  all.  STRONGLY RECOMENDED if it`s high quality fantasy escapism you`re  after--Goon, give it a try and i`m sure you`ll be pleasently suprised.As  usual,BOWIE is a blast!  ENJOY.Now I have to escape from this page,but that  ain`t allways as simple as it seems!  Take care,K.A.St......
B000000OPU|4.0|This is a remarkably uneven album, but nevertheless Gabriel's best. It alternates between dark, somber, intense atmospheres like &quot;Red Rain&quot; &quot;Don't Give Up&quot; and &quot;Mercy Street,&quot; and less  successful shlock-techno-rock like &quot;Big Time&quot; and  &quot;Sledgehammer.&quot; Here and there are short odd numbers like  &quot;We Do What We're Told&quot; and &quot;This Is The Picture,&quot;  which wear out pretty quick. But &quot;In Your Eyes&quot; and &quot;That  Voice Again&quot; are first rate.
B000002HNR|5.0|Morrison at his best!  Only recording you can find of &quot;Celebration of the Lizard&quot; which was printed on the &quot;Waiting for the Sun&quot; album cover.
0790720434|5.0|This is an excellent film adaption of an excellent novel. What more can I say? The kids do a good job, and Maggie Smith is memorable as Miss Minchin. The outdoor photography of Yorkshire is beautiful and poignant. Wonderful  to see self-salvation against overwhelming odds.
B000002UDB|5.0|I see you people giving this CD one star and I just can't believe it.  This is my personnel favorite of the Beatles (no offence to Sgt. Pepper and Help who are also great) but this CD is just amazing.  From the opening of  the tour, to Strawberry Fields, to the town of Penny Lane this whole  soundtrack is super!
6300214753|2.0|Broderick was well suited for this comic role, and the film begins amusingly enough. However, it runs into a number of problems: 1.) It shifts its tone all over the place, suddenly deciding to become serious over the  incident with the car's destruction. Nor is the suddenly serious side aptly  resolved. 2.) Ferris oddly abandons his talking to the audience fairly  early on. 3.) The makeup throughout has been poorly done. You can see it  obviously in every close-up. 4.) Ferris becomes quasi-heroic for mouthing  the words to &quot;Twist and Shout&quot; in a parade, when actually it is  the recorded song itself which seems to be fuelling the joy and mayhem. All  in all, the film is pretty shallow, but could have been good had it stayed  true to its beginnings, both stylistically and content-wise. It needed  another rewrite.
B000001DYD|2.0|PJ Harvey is for the most part bland -- just more overhyped Anglo posturing. Consistently fooling critics on that side of the Atlantic is no accomplishment, but somehow Harvey's got the Yanks' attention too. Props to  her for that, I guess.
0790732203|5.0|One of my all-time faves.  A smart, edgy, funny movie about teenagers that doesn't take the low common denominator route of Porky's or the gazillion of other teenage sex comedies made in the 80's.  Great, atmospheric  synthesizer music by Tangerine Dream.  Extremely well-directed (what is  Paul Brickman doing these days?).  I highly recommend this DVD.
6305169187|1.0|The movie was so boring I actually fell asleep in the middle of the movie. But I the end it finally got a little exciting.
0767811038|1.0|There are so many things offensive and amateurish about this movie, I don't know where to start. The special effects ARE good and therein lies the problem. Typical of today's films, special effects are apparently the  only ingredient needed for a &quot;entertaining&quot; movie. It's  unfortunate that the movie going public has little regard for character  development, plot, crisp dialogue and texture in a film. &quot;Starship  Troopers&quot; has none of these.I'M thinking of becoming a director  because the public is so easily entertained these days. Can you imagine  Alfred Hitchcok, John Ford or William Wyler with todays technology? They  would all realize that story and script all still the most important  components of a film- NOT computers. &quot;Starship Troopers&quot; is a  glaring example of the lack of talent in Hollywood. Come on public, be a  little more choosey! And Hollywood, please. there are people OVER 12 years  old that enjoy going to the movies.
630512065X|5.0|Although taped on the London stage and not in New York, this version provides similar memories to the live production in the U.S.  It's one worth seeing over and over again.
079073639X|2.0|Many of my friends went through a Michael Crichton kick a few years ago, and so most of them have read the novel &quot;Sphere&quot;.  Because of this, the movie was vaguely disappointing to them but not too hard to  follow.  I, on the other hand, had no idea what the story was about and  still had no idea when I finished watching this movie.  Apparently, LOTS of  material from the book was left out, and we are left with a frustrating  (and at times hilariously bad) sci-fi/drama or something.  Like the  marginally more interesting &quot;Event Horizon&quot;, &quot;Sphere&quot;  beared a resemblance to 1972's (?) &quot;Solaris&quot;, and in fact, I had  more fun noting the similar sequence of events (deserted ship, one body  found, one crew member becoming catatonic) between &quot;EH&quot; and this  than I did trying to figure out what the plot of &quot;Sphere&quot; really  was.  Any movie where the top half of Peter Coyote washes over a screaming  Sharon Stone while Queen Latifah gets attacked by killer jellyfish should  probably be forgotten.  As for the DVD, I haven't seen it, but suspect that  it's up to Warner's usual standards; it seems to have enough goodies to go  along with it as well.  I give the movie 2 stars for the good cast who  should have been doing something better.
B00000ADG2|5.0|One of the best album's I have ever heard!  It tugs at every emotion
6300216748|5.0|I had to watch this film a couple of times before I figured out all the &quot;who's&quot;, &quot;why's&quot; and &quot;what's.&quot; It is a somewhat complex tale of  government cover up and truth seeking, full  viewer attention is required to piece it all together (no going to the rest  room or leaving for a bite to eat while this film is running).<br />A person  can probably identify his/her outlook on national politics by identifying  whose character he/she most closely identifies with. Is it  Robert  Redford's character, Cliff Robertson's character or (lord forbid) Max Von  Sydow's character?<br />While most movies are not usually as good as the  books from which they are taken I believe &quot;Three Days of the  Condor&quot; is much better than the  book from which the story is taken,  &quot;Six Days of The Condor.&quot; Also, I enjoy political intrigue  stories and openly challenge anyone to identify  any such film that is  better than this one.
0345423496|2.0|3001 would probably have been allright as a stand-alone, but it read like Clarke didn't really have anything left to say about the monoliths.  All through the book, I was thinking, &quot;OK, this is all interesting:  all  the future predictions and gadgets, but when do we get to the  monolith?!?&quot;  I really got interested when they discovered the  monolith's plans, but nothing ever came of it.  They had ONE meeting about  it where they figured out how to solve the issue (trying not to give  anything away to anyone who hasn't read it), Frank had ONE conversation  with Dave and they implemented their solution.  I thought the humans were  going to get into a real good conflict with the monolith, but instead all I  got was that weak spectacle at the end when the monolith was defeated.  So  basically, interesting view of the future, but Clarke seemed to be trying  too hard to fit it into the 2001 series.
6305076995|1.0|This is a disc that in my opinion should not be on the market. The video and audio quality are very poor. It appears as though someone found a film copy of YESSONGS that had been the midnight special at a movie theater for  many years and transfered it to DVD.
0399128964|5.0|What can say that hasn't been said already?  The reason I'm online now is because I am searching for the rest of the books in this saga.  I don't think this book is for everyone, but if you're into sci-fi or fanasy then  this book is a winner.
B00000GAMF|5.0|Brave is the most ambitious album Marillion ever made (also the best one in my opinion).  Very dark, full of ups and downs and quiet moments followed by violent brakes, it has no catchy pop songs.  The original album  (the first disc in the remastered 2-cd set) contains more than 70 minutes  of musical ecstasy bonded together as one piece.  Very fine arrangements on  top of excellently structured melodies.  Everyone I show it to is amazed,  and you will never hear this music on the radio.  It's very much like  Radiohead's OK Computer (my second favourite album of the decade).
6305165912|2.0|I really did not enjoy this movie at all.  Yes, it was funny at points, but overall I found it stupid, imature, and embarrassing to the film industry.  It had no great plot and it glorified drugs and sex to an  extreme point.  On a lighter note, some parts were funny and entertaining,  but this is on the lowest level of humor, the kind that takes out any logic  and intelligence, insulting the audience's minds.  Over all I do not  reccomend this movie to those capable of higher thought.
0449002632|4.0|This was a fun and enjoyable book to read over my holiday break (10 days or so, although I suppose had I not had a large chunk of time to read it, it might have dragged a bit.)  The best aspect of this book for me was that  it was such a terrific way to get a whole picture of England's history,  particularly that of London, through lively characters and compelling  narration.  I have visited England before and thought I had a good  comprehension of its history, but this novel really brought continuity and  flow as well as fascinating bits of new information to my understanding of  it.  A definitely good read for history buffs and Anglophiles.  Made me  want to visit London again and read even more English history!<br />I was a  bit disappointed about the lack of emphasis on the most recent of history,  but I suppose the global- rather than merely local-reaching events (e.g. --  colonization) of recent British history may have been a reason why in his  novel Rutherford decides to deemphasize their importance to London, herself  (or perhaps scares him off from really doing recent London history justice.   Maybe two volumes would have been better.)  Characters weren't extremely  developed either, but I was more interested in their use to illustrate Lady  London's fascinating tale.  Also, trying to keep all the family histories  straight was trying, and I wish there had been even more maps and more  detail to them.  Nevertheless, well attempted!
B000002JEV|5.0|Owning all the other Led Zeppelin albums shouldn't deter you from getting this one.  It has unique treatments of classic songs, some before they appeared in the US.  Especially good is the 18-minute &quot;Dazed and  Confused.&quot;
0767811046|4.0|I heard (from some sci-fi fans, even) about how bad the Starship Troopers movie is. Bad acting, they sneered. Goes overboard on the violence, they said. Fascist message, they claimed. That's the whole point. Verhoven takes  Heinlein's gung-ho novel and turns it into a propaganda film. The vapid,  plastic, 90210 characters -- who were raised in a militarized society --  spout stupid, silly lines about guts and glory. Meanwhile, Verhoven gives  the audience a (science-fictionalized) taste of what war is really like:  Yes, the ultraviolent battle scenes will make you sick. This ain't Star  Wars. Perhaps more Saving Private Ryan meets A Clockwork Orange meets ...  uh, Star Wars?
6303187064|5.0|i love the crow!! its the best movie ever!the whole story in the movie seems to become true since brandon was killed!its a great movie!great love story &amp; great intencity &amp;action!!i watch the movie all the time!  brandon lee is my favorite actor!he finally got out of his dads shadow!i  recomend this movie to anyone who likes action movies!not really recomended  for younger viewers!alex proyas was a great director!this is a great  movie!!
0812034465|1.0|This is was a pitiful book with little substance except for those people out there who are so racist that they will support things just BECAUSE it promotes other races...which is really prejudice.  The book deals with  those sorts of issues. If people would just leave old prejudices to heal  themselves, it would all be better, and best of all, this book wouldn't  exist
0812931017|4.0|I've always been a big fan and admirer of Richard Branson and to read his own story in his own words is a real treat!  As someone who has been seriously considering starting a company, I found the book useful in  addition to being very entertaining.  I was surprised to learn that Branson  was dyslexic.  I've also learned from other readings how many other  successful people (Charles Schwab, General Patton, et. al.) have also  suffered from dyslexia.  The key lessons are here for any aspiring  entrpreneur!
B0000027RL|5.0|I think that Pearl Jam is one of the best rock bands I have heard in a long time.Eddie Vedder's voice is unbelievable I just feel so relaxed and alot lessed stressed when I hear him singing and I can just scream and  holler along with him.&quot;Alive&quot;,&quot;Black&quot;, and  &quot;Jeremy&quot; are songs that are just so intense and you just want to  hear them over and over and that goes for all other Pearl Jam songs they  give you a sense of &quot;fullness&quot; after you hear them sing.
B000003S2O|5.0|I am a musician and a composer. I have not been influenced by another artist more than Mr. Eno. I believe that this is one of his finest works, only because I have fond experiences with it; for example when I break my  dusty old telescope out and surf the heavens with his aural paintings  softly sounding in the background. Or a warm summer night with a glass of  good cabernet. I can only hope that someday I will capture that essence  with my own music in my own way.
6303921248|5.0|I've watched this series in cable TV and was amazed by all the actors talent in portraying the characters so accurately. Colin Firth is the best, so is Jennifer Ehle. Don't miss it!
6305165912|5.0|This has to be the funniest movie I've ever seen.  The first time I saw it, it wasn't so great, but it gets better and better everytime you watch it.  You get to know the characters, and you learn all the lines, you  you'll love it.  You look at all the little details, and each one is so  unique in its own little way.  John Turturro (Jesus) is such an awsome  character.  You'll love him!
6305169187|4.0|For a &quot;Let's go save the earth&quot; type movie it was great!!!!!  Very entertaining.  I was pregnant this summer, so I saw A LOT of movies!!!  This movie is very satisfying when you don't want to think.  Deep Impact  left a lot to be desired for, but when taken at face value, Armageddon  delivered the fast paced punch!  It was in your face action and laughs the  whole time.  A definite must see for people who enjoy those types of  movies!
0783113943|5.0|I AM THE TYPE OF PERSON WHO DON'T CRY IN ANY MOVIES, WELL USUALLY BUT WHEN I WAS WATCHING GIA IT REALLY GOT TO ME. OVERALL IT IS A GREAT VIDEO WITH GREAT CAST AND STORY AND DIALOGUE, YOU HAVE TO SEE IT FOR YOUR SELF TO FEEL  THE MAGIC OF THE BEST SUPER MODEL THAT HAVE EVER LIVED.
B000002HPV|5.0|Bjork is one of the most unique singers in the world. This Cd is one of her best!! The awesomest tracks are Hunter, Joga, Bachelorette( the best one!!!!!!) The beat is kicking ( and so is my sister!). When I first heard  Bachelorette, I was just so awed by it, she is sooo creative. The beat  keeps you begging for more Bjork! Bjork is wonderful and this CD just shows  it. If you love Bjork, good beats, and discotheque, you'll love this Cd.  Buy this CD and you will never stop listening to it. You will be so glad  you got it because it will not be a let down, and you'll love it. I assure  you. Bjork Rocks!!!!!!!!!!!
B00000DHTF|5.0|I am a Springsteen fan from way back in the seventies.  Although I am not a big fan of his more recent works, way too moody for me!  Love this collection, and have listened to it every day since I got it for Christmas.   A must have for all us Springsteen fans that grew up on the East Coast!
031286504X|3.0|Unfortunately, I read all of the great reviews of Richard Matheson's book on Amazon.com and had certain expectations upon reading it.  Needless to say, I found the book neither as scary nor as interesting a read as most  reviewers thought.  I believe the book must have been on the vanguard of  horror back in the 50's when individuals were a little less sophisticated  about manifestations of gore and vampires, but in today's society, it's  little more than social commentary.
0783225881|5.0|I'm not exactly objective - this is my favorite movie. The magic starts when Ray hears &quot;The Voice&quot; in his corn field and the roller-coaster journey of discovery sweeps along as Ray first builds the  baseball field and then is given more instructions which sends him to  Boston and Minnesota and back to Iowa.<br />The original book (Shoeless Joe)  is good, but the movie moves beyond that into greatness. The movie just  proves that not all conversions from a novel to screenplay needs to be a  backward step.
0800184327|5.0|I loved the movie. It is pure, clean fun. I saw it three times and I bought the soundtrack soon after that. Venessa Williams and Chayanne are wonderful on the dance floor. You have to see it to appreciate. I can't  wait to buy the video.
B000006NPY|5.0|What else can I say that hasn't already been said (at least the positive comments)? The subtle electronic and barely noticable guitar layers slowly creep up on you, the lyrics range between utter simplicity and amazingly  creative, detailed word-mazes...all creating what desperately needs to be  put back into music today: the development of a fully functional and  flowing album instead of obvious attempts at hit singles. <br /> I happen to  be one of those fans that was used to the rockers like Quiet and Hello  Kitty Kat and Bodies, but you cannot forget about the other equally  important songs that affect you with their soft beauty. Once again the  Pumpkins have proven their versatility, even without a key member, and have  shown that they are able to withstand the greatest blows and still unleash  the most powerful music I've ever heard. Ciao.
B000009EAD|4.0|This album really displays the talents of Iced Earth.  From the thundering &quot;Disciples of the Lie&quot; to the metal-ballad &quot;Blessed Are You&quot;.  If you like heavy metal music, you will definitely like Iced  Earth and this album.  I like all of the songs on the album and have  listened to it consistently over the past four months.  Iced Earth does not  disappoint on this album, or live in concert.  If you like Judas Priest,  early Metallica, and Black Sabbath, Iced Earth is for you.
0684874350|2.0|I laughed, I cried, I howled at the wonderful, painful stories of McCourt's childhood in Ireland, and at the end, I threw the book across the room. McCourt shows us how he never seems to have outgrown his adolescent  sexual obsessions.  After reading for many pages of his exploits, at the  end of it all, after McCourt arrives in America, he proclaims it is a great  country.  Why?  Because it brought him freedom and he is able to finally be  himself, and leave his suffering and errors of judgment and honesty behind  him?  No.  Because he is able to bed an American married woman--with a  priest in the next room--within an hour of his arriving in New York.  What  a summary there could have been, of learning by mistakes, of appreciating  other people, of growth.  Instead we are left to assume that McCourt  learned nothing, except lying, stealing and adultery are the way to go.  No  balance.  No maturing.  No thanks.
6300151379|5.0|I cannot believe that a movie this good would be out of print.  It is a masterpiece for Jim Henson and he was the greatest.  Putting it back in print would be re-releasing a classic.
0780622642|1.0|Oh God... What is this??? If it's a film, it's the worst film I saw in 1998. And maybe in my whole life!!
B00000AFFF|5.0|My favorite songs on this CD are &quot;God Give Me Strength&quot; and &quot;Toledo&quot;.  I have always loved Burt Bacharach and this CD is no exception.  Elvis Costello interprets the music so well you can visualize  the stories in the songs.  This is a fantastic CD!!
6305171769|2.0|This is a real BAD film!!! Comparing to the other new sacarry movies, it's even worst than Urban Legend!! You think it doesn't exist? Watch it!! It's well done, but the story and the screemplay are terrible.
0425107469|5.0|This is by far the BEST Dean Koontz I have read thus far.  If you have never read a Dean Koontz novel, I suggest you pick this one up.  I guarantee you will be hooked!  There were so many various and wonderful  characters.  I especially loved Einstein.  Koontz couldn't have picked a  better dog (a golden retriever) for that character (unless of course it  were a Black Lab) and it was wonderfully played out!  Even the Outsider,  though representing evil incarnate, made me feel pity and a certain amount  of sadness for it.  The best part of the book is, it makes you wonder if  Science really has advanced that far and could possibly succeed in making a  dog as smart as man.  It is definitely worth your time!
B00000G3PA|1.0|This is one of the most annoying action movies I have ever watched.  The last 30 minutes were so full of rapid-fire scene cuts and the over-used get-out-of-the-building-with-1 second-left-on-the-time-bomb type scenarios  that I had to turn the DVD player off.  I knew that somehow the team would  pull it off, but my sensibilities were so insulted that I had to end the  onslaught.  It's too bad, because I like Bruce Willis and I thought the  Russian cosmonaut was great.
6304576935|5.0|It is the best star trek flick ever, the direction on Johnathan Frankes is the best thing that ever happened to the cast.  Picard gave a commanding performance, it was great to see him the captain's chair again.  You must  see this flick.
6305232660|5.0|Attack the film if you want, but as a recently-married man, I'll never forget the scene of the husband and wife in each other's arms, staring into each other's eyes, knowing their lives are about to end as a wave is coming  toward them. It reminded me of &quot;Titanic&quot; in that human beings,  when faced with the inevitable, can rise to the occassion with grace and  dignity. The DVD version of the film only enhances that wonderful message.
6301744160|5.0|This is a great old flick that keeps you on the edge of your seat. Wonderfully detailed sequences add to the enjoyment of this great story. Although they didn't have the best special effects, they are great for the  time period in which this film was made. Definitely worth watching for the  Raquel Welch antibody scene!
0887307280|4.0|Mr Gerber's Book provides excellent perspective in helping the small business owner grasp business mgmt skills. His E/M/T breakdown is right on. His illustrative &quot;all about Pies&quot; Scenario makes for easy  application of stated systems application.  However he loses me when he  implies that this is the cure for all-mankinds woes. The E-Myth cannot  changes peoples hearts, cure disease or end war. A new world order will  come, not from E-Myth, but from God's Kingdom.
B000006OAM|5.0|Natalie is a character, perhaps somewhat by design, but a character none the less.  Thanks to the internet I have read extensively about her particularly through interviews she has given.  Her opinions are strong but  always thoughtful.  She is at times overbearing but always engaging.  In  short,  she is a fascinating person. Her music is a reflection of this and  Ophelia is no exception.  It is at times self-indulgent, perhaps  disagreeable, but the moments of emotion that it provokes make it all  worthwhile and they could not be achieved otherwise.  Anyone who calls her  or her music boring is not able or willing to accept honesty and these  individuals should continue searching for the next big thing.   I'm  sticking with Natalie.
6304362498|5.0|This movie was good, but without reading the book you would not understand it. Also, I think they could have found a better Big Brother. Overall, Very Good!
6305177473|5.0|I saw this movie in the theaters because I'm a movieholic . I thought it was real good, and that's it.  But then I fell in love with the musical &quot;Cabaret&quot;, the new one, which stared Natasha Richardson . I went  head over heels for her (dearly not quirly) and thought she was tremendous  . Then I made my mom rent Parent Trap . I watched 4 times in the past three  days and hope to buy it soon . It is prefectly marvelous ! Lindsy is great,  Natasha's wonderful, Dennis is fun, and the buttler and nanny are beautiful  ! Halirious and highly recomened !
B000002H33|5.0|I just became a Metallica fan just about a year ago and I just got this about a month ago.  This cd is my 3rd favorite out of all of them.  I'd listen to the whole cd except Leper Messiah is such a sacreligious song.   Anyways, this one's better than Ride The Lightning because at least you can  understand his voice and the thrashing is a lot more thoroughly written.   Plus, there's a lot of deepness to the cd.  I like ...And Justice for All  better just because.  But, Black is my favorite.  Well, Orion is my  favorite song even though most like Master of Puppets.  I just love  instrumental songs cause I'm a guitar player and I love how intricately  written the song is and all the harmonies that go together plus the awesome  chunky main riffs.  This cd didn't strike me as great at first, but it grew  on me.  Anyways, this cd is awesome.  Essential for any &quot;real&quot;  Metallica fan.  Not for the ones who are just into their new stuff.   They  gotta be into all of it.
B00000ADG2|5.0|I don't have the words to describe the many ways this record makes me feel.  Listening to Lauryn's ode to her son on &quot;Zion&quot; just makes me want to cry, whereas other tracks on the CD make me want to shake that  thang!  The classroom interludes between the tracks are also interesting,  and fit in well with the concept.<br />I would not compare a record to Tracy  Chapman's debut effort lightly (I think that record is one of the top five  records ever released by a black female artist), but with this stunning  release, Lauryn has clearly established herself as a force to be reckoned  with.<br />True greatness.  That's what this CD is.
6305265488|5.0|This movie is the best, though I think you have to be a girl to truly appreciate the movie.  It is a very modern movie in the subtle context of woman's right and as always the movie ends happily ever after.
6302000823|5.0|Whenever I got ask what's my prefered movie, I answered: Cinema Paraso. Noone ever knew this film, so that's why I kept back with &quot;my own secret&quot; and, in love with that film. I don't think it's a must for  anyone, but a must for all the people in the world that enjoy life at it's   profound sources...
B000002NJS|5.0|Madonna's &quot;Ray of Light&quot; CD makes a great addition to any CD collection. Chalk full of techno beats and heavy electronica it makes a personal statement that says Madonna truly has come home. Perhaps her best  CD yet, Madonna brings us more thought provoking lyrics mixed with amazing  tunes. A must buy!!
B00000DG1R|4.0|If you don't own any Duran Duran CDs and want a good, broad collection of their material, then this is an excellent CD and you can stop reading here.  ********   However, if you're a fan, don't bother getting this.  What  could have been an incredible 2-CD collection was shortened to a single CD  joke.  Not only were great singles omitted (Careless Memories, My own Way,  Too much Information, Violence of Summer, Out of My Mind, and others), but  some of the best songs they chose were shortened to keep it on 1 CD.  Rio  was absolutely defiled, and the single versions of Save a prayer and  Ordinary World are weak compared to the album versions.  When are they  going to finally learn that we want the B-sides released??  Or another live  album??  Or at least a REAL Greatest collection?
6300216748|5.0|This is one of the greatest spy movies of all time and it happens in New york only. The plot has more twists than a roller coaster, and it keeps you in the edge of your seat from beginning to end. Brilliant performances by  Redford, Roberson,Dunnaway, von sidow and houseman. A real expose on how  the cia really works.<br />Awesome
0790737345|5.0|I'll start with: DO YOUR SELF A FAVOR AND BUY THIS DVD NOW!!!<br />A great film that is even better on DVD, great acting from Cage and Ryan, a beautiful story about an impossible love, this film will make you ask some  good question about love....<br />A great DVD - great picture quality and  superb 5.1 sound, this SE is loaded with tons of extra features.<br />Go get  it ASAP!<br />/Asaf.
6305177473|5.0|I think I know a good movie when I see one.  I keeping thinking &quot;what if this really happened?&quot; That would be totally cool!
6305076634|5.0|It's the best movie of all time. The first few times you watch it you won't be able to get the music out of your head. Great plot..great music..great movie. Dream it in your living room bit it in the theater.
0440111498|5.0|I first read this over 25 years ago, and I loved it.  Having just finished it again, it is even better the second time.  I highly recommend everyone who works in the defense industry or is technically oriented read this  book.
0792839692|1.0|Logan's Run might be entertaining if you're 10 years old and you're too naive to know any better. But for anyone much older than that, the movie is just embarrassing.  Bad acting, bad special effects, you name it.  If there  are any good movies about people trying to escape from a repressive future  society, this isn't one of them.
6300151379|5.0|The first time that I saw this movie was when I was little and I fell in love with it.  David Bowe is awesome in it and all the neat creatures really make you feel like you are in another world.  I would do anything to  see this movie get re-released.  I went to Blockbuster a while ago and they  actually had it, yet when I got home and started to watch it it started to  act up.  I took it back and told them it was like that when I watched it.   They said that they would send off to get fixed.  That was almost 6 months  ago and they till don't have it.  No movie place does.  I  would like to add it my home video collection.  Please re-release it, it  would make so many people, young and old, happy beyond all words.  Thanks  !!!!
B00000DFRS|5.0|All the people that gave this CD a low mark, are not R&amp;B or Whitney fans.  This is a great CD.  I have to say that it is differrent.  The first time I listened to the whole thing, it did not impress me greatly.   However, everytime I listen to differrent songs, I appreciate the mucis  even more.  The music is differrent from the typical Whitney, but there are  still nice slow ballads.  The production is great.  How can you go wrong  with Babyface, Wyclef, etc.  If you are a R&amp;B or Whitney fan don't even  think twice about it, purchase the CD. You'll won't be dissapointed.
6301967992|4.0|In my opinion, this is on of Polanski's best movies. He and Jack MacGowran work well together as a team.  The movie starts off with the pair traveling to a small village that, they quickly find out, is plagued with vampires.   They must rescue the inkeeper's daughter from the evil Count and his, shall  we say, gay son who has taken a liking to Alfred.  Can they outsmart the  vampires long enough to escape immortality?  Buy it and see.  A very  entertaining movie throughout with a surprise ending, this movie is a sure  bet.
1878424114|5.0|Excellent book! It manages all those thoughts and questions that run through your mind on a daily basis. Like should I be selfish? When to give importance to a certain issue and when not to....What does one do with  frustrated feelings....should you show happiness all the time. Each person  should have good intentions within but in some situations or certain day,  you get fed up.This book helps you not to despair and channel the good in  you into unwasted way. A must for every individual to get in contact with  his/her feelings and take them out in the right way at the right time,  as  no one knows  you as one knows onself.
630518299X|5.0|Jim Carrey's first staring role in a drama was wonderful.  He has successfully made the transition from goof-ball comic to serious actor.  It's great to see a well thought out and original story made into a movie.   Ed Harris does a remarkable job as Christof and Peter Weir's amazing camera  work, including the odd &quot;hidden camera&quot; angles are enough to  please any film student.  One of the best films of the year!
6303224644|5.0|what can a mom say:it's great to find a movie my kids loved and continue to sing &quot;Clang Clang goes the Trolley,&quot; &quot;Meet me in St. Louie,&quot; and others months after watching it.
0684874350|5.0|I felt like I was reading about me while reading &quot;Angela's Ashes.&quot; Me, in a different time, a different gender, a different country...but it was me.  It's a book about love, acceptance of things that  you don't want to accept..but you can't change..of forgiving and seeing the  good in people even when you have to look real hard for it. It is written  with honesty and humor and has helped me to improve my outlook on my  childhood experiences. Thank you Frank McCourt.
B000002JB8|4.0|After hearing my brother's copy of the BLADE RUNNER soundtrack, I said, who's that artist?  And went out and bought OCEANIC, Vangelis' most recent album.  I was impressed by his ability to master a wide field of feelings  and emotions.  While not as melodic as some other albums,  it'll entrance  you, the only way to feel closer to being on the ocean floor is to actually  go there.  The guitar in &quot;Spanish Harbor&quot; is just awesome.
0316152196|5.0|Once again, Michael Connelly has captured LA ,  through the eyes and ears of Harry Bosch. Harry is a little more mellow now, but he remains an interesting, multi-dimensional character.  The book is fast paced, the  characters are vivid and the local color is dead on. If you are a fan of  detective novels, this book should be at the top of your list.
B000002J7U|5.0|Most likely Vangeles' all time peak.  The title track is his grandest most inspiring track yet.  Echoes continues the melody from voices into a searching mode.  Probably my favorite Vangelis track ever is 5- &quot;Ask  the Mountains&quot;.  Musically, it takes you on a clear moonlit nighttime  journey through the peaks.  I've never heard anything with such an original  appealing sound! No review can do it justice.  You've got to hear it to  beleive it!
B000007R1M|3.0|This late-'70's follow-up to &quot;TransEurope Express&quot; demonstrates Kraftwerk's musical &quot;kraftsmanship&quot;, though it's NOT QUITE as good as TEE (which I consider to be their best all-time album).     &quot;The Model&quot; is the best cut here, and could've/should've been a  radio-play single, as legitimately as any other alternative tune.
6305079900|3.0|This was a ground breaking, thrilling bit of sci-fi and a terrific concept that makes you think of time travel, the path of civilizations and the inevitability of us working toward our own destruction ( a theme that  Cameron continues in Titanic ) via technology. Unfortunately, the  technology does not extend to the audio transfer of the film to DVD. The  mono sound track is beyond annoying and sounds like a college film project,  at best. Because of this, I can understand why Cameron is hesitating to use  DVD for his other eagerly awaited projects to come out ( The Abyss,  Titanic, True Lies ). Don't expect much from the sound and you won't be  disappointed. Buy for the video, it's beautiful!
0345345061|4.0|A Tolkien Reader is perfect for those who love Tolkien's work and are interested in the man himself.  &quot;Tree and Leaf&quot; is a fantastic essay in the ways of myth and legend, and really taught me a lot about the  very nature of not only the fantasy world, but our own as well.  &quot;Beortnoth&quot; wasn't quite so interesting, but &quot;Farmer Giles  of Ham&quot; was absolutely hilarious.  &quot;Leaf by Niggle,&quot;  Tolkien's only allegory, is quite touching, and reveals a lot about  Tolkien's view of his place in the world.  The poetry at the end is  positively beautiful.  An excellent anthology of Tolkien's lesser-known and  shorter works.
0790737345|5.0|I watched this movie about 16 times and I intend to watch it many more times. Beautifully crafted with a moving story-line. Also has a brilliant soundtrack to match. I highly recommend buying the DVD to get a better  insight of the movie through the commentary and documentaries. Nic Cage  plays a convincing angel who falls in love with a mortal played by Meg  Ryan. Poignant and tragic but all in all the best movie I've seen so far.
1567184855|5.0|what some of my experiences meant. This book put into new perspective some of my feelings about an entity I knew as my grandfather while he was alive, and as a dear, frequently visting, friend after his death over 20 years  ago.  I can't begin to explain what this book has meant to my emotional  peacefulness... priceless at least.  Read it with an open mind and maybe  you, too,  connect with some long hidden knowledge.
B000001FQ4|4.0|Thin Lizzy's 1974 release,&quot;Night Life&quot;(the first to feature the classic duel guitar lineup of Brian Robertson and Scott Gorham) marks a drastic departure in sound and song quality from the band's first three  releases.  A majority of the songs are dark numbers dealing with drugs,  love, money and a host of unsavory characers such as Johnny Cool, Frankie  Carroll, and Miss Lucy, just to name a few. The appeal of the album as a  whole may not strike you upon first listen, but it's one that gets under  the skin, soon leaving you addicted to the funky, bluesy and sad grooves  contained within.  (Recommended for nighttime listening)
6305108153|5.0|A wonderful film About a young girl [Jamie Lee Curtis] who is stalked by a masked serial killer.  Jamie gives and oscar winning performance and Donald Pleasence displays a terrificly well acted Character playing the curious  obsesive docter [Dr. Loomis] This is one of the most succesful low budget  films of all time.
B00000DLVA|5.0|The music and lyrics found in this album are uncomplicated, yet incredibly melodic.  I consider this album to be wonderfully relaxing to listen to without boring my ears.  The vocals are the sweetest and most beautiful you  will find in any contemporary band.
B000000WJZ|4.0|The first time I had ever listned to the S Ps was when I hear my brothers Adore CD. I really loved the songs &quot;Ava Adore&quot; and &quot;Perfect&quot; so I decided to get a SPs CD myself. The best song on  the Siamese Dream CD is definately &quot;Today&quot; some other great songs  are &quot;Disarm&quot; and &quot;Cherub Rock&quot;. The reason I didn't  give this song five stars is because not all of the songs are great, but  then again hardly any CD has great songs all the way through. If you like  heavy metal this CD has plenty of songs for people like you. From  &quot;Hummer&quot; to &quot;Silver****&quot; this song is for heavy metal  fans all the way.
6305229449|5.0|This film would have been one of the best of 1998, even if it hadn't been animated. That it was means that we get wonderful scenes that, at times, seem to have sprung directly from traditional art.<br />Disney has balanced  the needs of Western entertainment with a sensitivity the Chinese culture.  Possibly more importantly, this film also marks the first time we get a  female heroine whose identity and worth don't spring from her sexual  attractiveness, as opposed to &quot;Sleeping Beauty,&quot; &quot;Snow  White,&quot; &quot;Cinderella,&quot; et. al.<br />Even the &quot;new golden  age&quot; of Disney films can't boast a character and film as mature,  funny, charming and jaw-dropping as Mulan and her film.<br />An instant  classic.
6304539282|5.0|The special edition of the Star Wars Trilogy is a superb gift to humankind from the Lucas Film Company. A best plot combined with the best special effects make this trilogy unique in its gendre. I strongly recommend you to  own it and take as part of your home VHS collection.
6305265488|5.0|I saw this movie with my friend in the theaters, and I loved it! Drew Barrymore is moving, and she brings true grace and strength to her character. Dougray Scott is also wonderful. He is an excellent  &quot;import&quot;, and together Drew and Dougray are a &quot;happily ever  after&quot; duo.
0780622553|5.0|I have bought the DVD and seen the movie 5 times.  Everytime I am left speechless by the sheer originality and vision of this picture.  Mark my words five years from now this will be hailed as one of the best sci-fi  movies ever.  SEE THIS MOVIE!!!!!   The Roger Ebert commentary is very  informative.
B000002MU3|5.0|R.E.M. confused alot of your more less informed and ignorant music fans when the released Monster in 1993.  Wanting to get back to their roots, the boys from Athens put together one the best rock albums of that year.   Unfortunatly it was on the heels of two of their more melencholy disks(Out  of Time and Automatic for the People) and was mistaken for an attempt at  &quot;grunge&quot;. However, those who have been following modern rock for  years know the history of R.E.M. is a rock band exampled by such songs as  Orange Crush, Turn You Inside-out and Begin the Begin. All of these  released well before &quot;grunge&quot; revolution. If all  grunge albums  were as good as Monster we would be very lucky.
0316286869|5.0|I was enthralled by the photos of celebrities and how tranformed they were by the hand of Kevyn Aucoin.  He is a master and with purchasing this book I learned so much about putting on make-up to enhance my looks.  My boss  even noticed my new make-up and told me I looked good.  I am in my mid  fifties, silver hair and I still want to look good and even pretty.  Kevyn  has shown me so many tricks to looking good with the magic of make-up.  The  only problem I find is I am unable to have this man make me up.  Who can  afford his prices except celebrities.  The average folk are the losers, but  we have the book to help us. Thankyou Kevyn, you are a master and a  magician.
0782008372|1.0|I've read the criticisms about the DVD version of Highlander and I thought it was an exxageration of those who've written their opinions... well... I've paid to see and, unfortunately, they were right: all the magnificence  of this wonderful film was corrupted by the worst work ever seen in  transferring data from one media to another. A total lack of respect with  both the film and the DVD capabilities. If, in the cover, was said that  this terrible work was accompanied by the producers, what could one imagine  if they didn't do so ? I would like also to point out my repulse by the  so-called &quot;Widescreen Editions&quot;. The annoying black belts that  limit the image can be good for the cinema, but not for our domestic TV's,  and they make me pull my hair everytime I see them !! Death to the  Widescreen ! Or, if they are &quot;necessary&quot; (on the point of view of  the producers), then there would be a disc with the two versions, as we can  see in the Blade Runner and Total Recall DVD versions: surely, the  Widescreen side of the disc will never be used ! The 1-star rate was for  this mediocre work. To the film itself, I give as much stars as  available...
B00000G3AZ|5.0|I am one of those guys that just go ga-ga over Gwyneth Paltrow, a symptom that reduces me to a little school boy, with eyes wide open and mouth agape. Those eyes, those smiles, that long neck, everything about her  exemplifies elegance, and more importantly, her talents as an actress match  her beauties, making her such a rare treasure on-screen. Her current role  in the critically acclaimed Shakespeare in Love might very well earn her  first Oscar nomination for Best Actress. I'll be watching the show at home  and cheering like an idiot. In the meantime, we can relish her breakthrough  role in Emma that is now available on DVD from Disney.<br />Jane Austen's Emma  is by far the most accessible of her many timeless novels, the adaptation  is lighthearted and fun, and yet, sophisticated enough to appeal to those  with an intellectual bend. Paltrow's portrayal of Emma is remarkable, she  embodies the spirits of the character, well-intentioned if not a bit naive  that led her into all sort of troubles when trying to be a matchmaker for  her friends, and nearly giving away her true love. Her performance is  instantly likeable without being over the top in sweetness, as Alicia  Silverstone is in Clueless, the modern adaptation. Directed by Douglas  McGrath, whose credits include the screenplay of Bullets Over Broadway,  Emma is immensely enjoyable with a crowd-pleasing ending that makes  everything seem just right. If only that could be the real  world.<br />Unforutnately, the DVD production left something to be desired.  Disney, with all their financial might, is incredibly stingy in offering  features on their DVDs. &quot;Chapter Search&quot; and &quot;Dolby  Surround&quot; should not be listed as special features on the back cover,  and including a theatrical trailer should be a minimum bonus. We are  grateful, folks at Disney, that you are releasing films on DVD, but stop  trying to fool the public with bogus extras, which are standard, and start  releasing some substantial supplemental materials to your great library of  films. While you are at it, I beg you to please remove that ugly  &quot;Widescreen&quot; arch from the cover design. It is nothing but an eye  sore and serves no purpose whatsoever.<br />With that out of the way, let's  move on to the transfer. The picture is perfectly framed at the approximate  ratio of 1.85:1. To further incense the consumers that like their format  pan and scan, it is not offered, even though that version could have easily  fitted on the unused side of the single-layer DVD. Normally, I could care  less about the pan and scan format, but offering both versions on the same  DVD when possible would appeal to everyone. The picture exhibits no  apparent digital artifacts, but does contain few dirt particles.  Cinematographer Ian Wilson (The Crying Game) shots the film with delicate  lighting and gauzy filters that lend softness to the images. During  defining moments, shade and lighting are used in great effect to accentuate  the characters and surroundings. The English countryside provides for a  picturesque backdrop. Colors are well saturated from the soft warm glow of  candlelight to sunlight filtering through windows. The Oscar nominated  costume design by Ruth Myers (L.A. Confidential) looks gorgeous draping on  Paltrow, and for the men attired in the most civilize and gentleman  manner.<br />The audio encoding is listed as Dolby Surround, but the rear  channels are nearly none existence during the movie. Occassionally, when  the orchestrated score swells up would the rear speakers participate.  Rather, the source is through the front speakers, with the center channel  getting the majority of the activities. The soundtrack is blessed by the  Oscar winning score composed by Rachel Portman, the first female to ever  win in that category. Like Emma, the score is instantly likeable and  affectionate, as first heard on the opening credits. Consist of mostly  strings ensemble, the score is lyrical and melodious and when needed be,  provides for a lively ballroom sequence. Imaging and panning are not as  prominent as I would like, however, dialogue sounds natural throughout.  <br />On a side note, Alliance Video, which owns the distribution right in  Canada, offers the DVD with an English and French soundtrack.
0792151712|2.0|Let me be straight forward: there are tons of better movies than Titanic. The music and photography are excellent. The plot and acting belong to the third tier at best. Kate's performance pales against her perfect acting in  &quot;Jude&quot;. Di Caprio must be one of the worst actors I ever watch.
B000002NHN|5.0|McKennitt has the ability to transport her listeners to mysterious places around the world.  I have never heard anything that compares to her work.  This was my first album, but I'm ordering everything I can find by Loreena  McKennitt.  If you are looking for music to move you  Loreena McKennitt is  the answer.
6303832563|5.0|I first saw this movie many years ago on PBS. I was  fascinated by the mix of images and music which combined into a strong message about the madness of our present society.  Unfortunately, the tape I made that night was  loaned out and lost.  For years I've tried to find another copy and am  delighted to see it will be available again, especially since I was  privileged to attend a showing of the movie recently at UCLA with the  Phillip Glass Ensemble playing the music live.  It was an experience not to  be forgotten. So many people I know have seen the movie once and rate it as  a must see again. If you are not lucky enough to have a friend with a copy  of the movie, buy it as soon as it becomes available.
6303942830|5.0|It's up there with ben hur , doctor zhivago, forrest gump, etc.<br />the savage beauty of a time in change and  unrest. courage and passion holding the ideals this country was built on. It makes us all look like wimps, but  somehow it gives strength to our convictions of trust,love, and moral  value. we need more moves like this.
B00000373U|4.0|elliott smith sounds like the beatles. im not saying this cd isnt good, but.. it sounds like the beatles. its fun though. but i'd still rather listen to the beatles if i feel like hearing that kind of music.
B00000FYIL|5.0|This soundtrack is the best I have ever heard.  Everything about the movie was great: the romance, the stars, the characters they played, and especially the music.  It was just right for this film. Go see it, and  listen to the music for yourself!!!
0790729385|5.0|I wouldn't say that the movie 'The Exorcist' was  scary. But, It does compile a sort of interest to you, and I would have to say that this movie was very good!  I still say that the movie would have been even more better  if they had added everything in the movie, that there was in the book. For  example, at the beginning of the book, Regan and her mother get out and  tour around the area. They should have added this part to apply the close  relationship the two characters shared. And plus, it would have made the  end of the movie even more better. And, the spiderwalk...I wondered what  happened to that. But, this is still a great movie, and I recommend you  read the book if you enjoyed the movie(vise-versa).
6305169187|4.0|I have been reading other &quot;high-brow&quot; reviews of this film and want to tell everyone else that this is a great movie.  I'ts not &quot;deep&quot; in character development or in certain kinds of  &quot;technical&quot; film-making.  However, it touches on what I believe  to be the greatness of film; pushing people to be better, more noble and  more courageous.      Everyone knows it's a movie. . . duh.  Why argue that  point?  What is fantastic (besides the grand fun of it all), is that all of  us have hidden potential that difficult times can pull out of us.  Heck  even the bad seed (the Colonel) turns out ok in the end.      Enough  hacking on the movie.  Walk away from fiction and leave it there.  Be  courageous, noble, and loving.
B00000DBXL|5.0|This is a great CD, not a rough as &quot;Motorcade...&quot; and a little bit (just a little bit) softer then &quot;Fashion Nugget&quot;. When I tell people that my favourite band is Cake, they usually ask &quot;Who?&quot;  Not any longer ! It's a definite car-music !  THE BEST SONGS ARE : SHEEP GO  TO HEVEN AND NEVER THERE
1556589433|4.0|The movie's two greatest assets are its look and actress. The movie is gold-soaked and amber-hued, the very color of nostalgia and suited perfectly to beautiful blondes. Streep is matchless protraying a wreck of a  woman, Sophie. Her Polish accent and German (!!) are flawless, and there is  never a false moment or move in her performance as a emotionally and  spiritually damaged woman who &quot;survived&quot; the Holocaust and the  concentration camps. Kevin Kline is magnetic as Nathan, her passionate,  grandiose and occasionally deranged lover. And Peter MacNicol is youthful  as the brash Southern would-be writer who falls in their orbit. The film's  flaws are its pacing (deadly slow) and the ending. The &quot;choice&quot;  the title refers to is put off so long that when it finally happens in  flashback, the only feeling is not of discovery or dramatic climax, but of,  &quot;Well, finally!&quot; And the ending is badly managed and seemed  tacked on without regard to dramatic context and rather formulaic. The end  isn't the dramatic climax, rather just a way to finish off the movie. Watch  this movie if you want to see some good (and great) actors work their magic  in a film that doesn't quite work as cinema should. It's an actor's flick.
B000005ITX|5.0|The best thing I can say about this album is that it has remained in heavy rotation in my car since the first time I played it. With every listen, I pick up something new. The depth of the lyrics is almost unmatched, as is  the range of the melodies that accompany them. The first cut, Alone Again  Or, is absolutely ahead of its time, and the rest of the album is unique to  its time. The music is so diverse and thick with emotion and thought that  it defies classification. As a big fan of rock music of this era (I'm 26  and am still catching up), I only became aware of the album in the last few  months and remain amazed that such a masterpiece is buried behind much  lesser works of its time. It belongs side by side with other classics of  its era, or any other era for that matter.
0767809246|5.0|This movie is wonderfly made and directed! I will never think of leeches the same way ever again. It's a sure buy.
6305205620|5.0|I saw the concert in Ames, IA of the same year and I thought it was the best show ever.  The DVD version of this concert is amazing.  Very cool when viewed on a PC with large screen and good sound.  Highly recommended.
B000002J0G|5.0|This album is absolutely one of the best that I have ever heard. It has really heavy music, but under the complete control that Testament has. The vocals are really great to, leading towards the Demonic-type sound, but  kind of in-between. I recomend this to ANYONE who likes heavy metal music.  It's absolutely superb.
0380789019|5.0|When I was young, my parents worked in a large hospital complex in Chicago.  There were miles of underground tunnels connecting these buildings, with all sorts of odd twists and turns and small doors that  opened on areas full of pipes.  I used to daydream about a clan of people  that lived behind one of those doors, in the bowels of the hospital.  I am  not an author, but Neil Gaiman is, and he has written the story I wish I  could tell.  It is at times funny, sad, scary, and enchanting.  It reminds  me of Heinlein's Glory Road and Juster's The Phantom Tollbooth, and a  series of vignettes called From A to Z in the Chocolate Alphabet that  Harlan Ellison wrote in the window of A Change of Hobbit.  &quot;E,&quot;  he said, 'is for elevator people...London is a city of steep, narrow  stairways.&quot;  Anyway, the only bad part of this book was that when it  was finished, I was torn as to whether to lend it out (and to whom to lend  it) and to reread it.
6304316267|5.0|This film is for the people who love cars, love a cast which brings together all the stars of the twentieth century (minus the one in the 90s), love to have a good laugh at silly things.  It will have you laughing for  days.  You will adore the character who are all crazy in their own special  way.  It is silly but brilliantly so.  It is definitely a classic which I  have watched about 300 hundred times.
B000002ITW|5.0|Some bands will be known for thier Live acts,some will be known for musicianship,some for the number of records they sold...but none can be remembered more for the love of playing,and enjoying the ride,as much as  C,S,N,and Young..a totally absorbing timeout from the average....
0800132343|5.0|I think this film sets the benchmark for war films and indeed for drama in general. It shows Saving Private Ryan up for what it is - garish, overdone, Americanocentric, self-obsessed cartoonery - by concentrating on character  and dialogue rather than on physical violence.<br />If you are not a  German-speaker, remember to see the film with subtitles rather than dubbed.  By doing so you will come to appreciate the distinction between Nazi German  and military German, one of many such fine distinctions which the film  illustrates.
B000007P9D|4.0|In this, his first famous role, Peter Lorre is frightening at the same time pitiable, as a suspected child murderer.  Given his dimunitive size it is odd to watch him entice his next victim, hardly smaller than himself.   He is disgusted with his own desire, frightened of the pursut that builds  during the film, twisting and slimey, like some newt or toad, trying to  escape.  The story has several clever plot twists, such as having the  underworld capture him, but it is Lorre's face,posture, acting that carry  this movie.  Well worth seeing!
6305177473|5.0|LINDSAY LOHAN is very very cute. She played two rules of ANNIE and HALLIE.                                           I think it is very difficult. Any way,She is Great.Great and Great!!!!!!!
B00000G3PA|5.0|DVD makes all the differance.... What a great movie, funny and full of action. If action and humor is not your game don't bother, but it's an awesome movie overall!!
B0000025L8|5.0|As always when one hears such an epic-like album like &quot;Sandinista!&quot; the songs with a hook reel you in comfortably and the new sounds frighten you anxiously. But by the second time you listen to  &quot;Sandinista!&quot; all your fears are gone and you can listen to songs  like &quot;Mensforth Hill&quot; with such ease and comfort that you realize  that this song does so much more for you than a comfortable song like  &quot;Magnificent Seven&quot;. But no matter what facet of the Clash  interests you this album will hit you so personally that you feel an  obligation to walk up to Mick and Joe and tell them that you have made  music worth believing in. The beauty and extreme intelligence of this album  capture you more than any of the Becks, the Holes and PJ Harveys whom are  the critics favorite to love.  A warning is needed that people whom want to  start listening to the Clash should do it chronologically and by this album  later to understand it fully. But &quot;Sandinista!&quot; is nothing less  than perfect, maybe if the artists of today sat down and listened to music  of this caliber than maybe music's quality would not be in such disarray.
6300151379|5.0|This movie ROCKS!  It is the best movie of all time and I am extremely disappointed that it is out of print.  I have been looking to buy this movie for a long time!
079070546X|5.0|Are you sure Sparky isn't my husband????  This is the greatest Christmas movie ever.  This is a family classic that we watch and continue to laugh at each and every year!  I start the day after Thanksgiving and continue  all through the holidays watching this wonderful movie!`
630518299X|5.0|This movie had to have been the best I have ever seen.  The storyline was so cool!  Jim Carrey and Ed Harris are great!  This movie deserves every Oscar their is.
6305205620|5.0|This is fantastic, the best metal band in the world plus this new thing called DVD, the result is this amazing video that breaks with everything that I have seen from them for long ago. Maybe the Load tour was not the  best of their career, I think this video should be in every Metalli'fan's  shelve, so, this is it !!! You won't be disspointed.
B000002HHB|5.0|Wonder is a great feel good song, while My Beloved Wife is more like a sad suicide note of a husband who lost his wife. I may not be a very critical music enthusiast, but I enjoy all the songs in this CD. It's indeed very  rare for me to find a CD in which I like every track of it. I would say  this represents only 1% of my CD collection.   My only negative critic of  it is that it wasn't recorded the way Chesky Records would--meaning  minimalist miking techniques. Nevertheless, Tigerlilly is worth 9 out of 5  stars if I could stretch it.
079283318X|5.0|If you liked bond before you'll love him now the best bond yet will keep you captivated and on the edge of your seat! Pierce Brosnan delivers a first rate job in this action packed bond flick!
B0000013GT|5.0|This cd has the be the best of the three outkast cds.  So if you are looking for a cd to ad to your collection and you can't think of anything to buy, buy this album you will be very satisfied by this selection.
B000002JQ6|5.0|If you like any AC/DC song's. You'll love this CD. Its a collection of 14 of there best song's. If you buy it will become your favorite CD.
6304057709|5.0|Emma Thompson's screenplay is superb!  The story retains its charm and is easy to follow, with never a dull moment.  I would recommend this version to anyone who doesn't usually have the patience for period films!
0670880728|4.0|I just finished reading this book and found it to be absolutely hilarious.  Helen Fielding really knows how to hit home.  Any unmarried female in her 30s can definately relate to the problems that Bridget encounters in her  love life, her professional life (which in her case tends to intertwine)  and her relationships with her mother and married friends.  I felt that  many of the thoughts that Bridget had mirrored my own.  This book was  wonderful with a heartful ending.  Enjoy.
B000002IQW|5.0|This is one of the best albums ever! No jive! This band is considered one of the no substance eighties bands but this album alone dispells that thought. Songs like &quot;Quicksand Jesus&quot; and &quot;Livin' on a Chain  Gang&quot; demonstrate this bands songwriting abilities. This album  addresses social aspects, has touching ballads, and also has  &quot;partying&quot; songs.  Don't let eighties myths steer you away from  this band's sophomore effort, it just a great collection of songs that are  extremely well-balanced.
6305127638|5.0|The Borg is the best type of enemy to go against the new Star Trek cast. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. It's too bad they didn't utilize Dr. Crusher and Deanna Troi as much.
B000002JKA|5.0|I bought this album expecting a re-release of &quot;Images and Words&quot;, but I was pleasantly surprised to find a much more advanced band. To me, this album is the perfect blend between great songwriting and  excellent musicianship. The lyrics and instrumental passages are  touching(to say the least). This is truly a great disc by one of the  best(if not the best)progressive rock bands ever!
0790737345|2.0|I just can't think of angels in black. Maybe Men in Black. Maybe they should have called this movie Angels in Black.
6304411448|5.0|This video is a sweet fantasy. Depp and Masterson are great at their roles as a different people. Quinn is great in his role as Masterson's brother. It's worth it. It's impossible not to have a good time watching these three  great actors together.
0345298349|5.0|This is where it all starts.  I personally like &quot;Polar Star&quot; better than this, but this book is also great.  A great suspense novel.  Everything only gets revealed only in the end.
B00000DI2T|5.0|Dubbed by some critics as Mahler's alter-ego, Leonard Bernstein has provided us with some of the richest, most lush interpretations of Mahler's symphonies and songs. Compared to Solti's set of complete symphonies with  the Chicago Symphony (on London records), which is powerful, dynamic, and  lovely in its own right, Bernstein's set reaches new heights of both beauty  and despair. Fans of Mahler must not miss this experience.
B000006045|5.0|You have to be somewhat manic--or depressive--to appreciate sounds this intense. What makes Mezzanine great is its masterful blend of crashing guitar, haunting vocals, experimental noise, and way-subdued hiphop  rhythms. Not to mention everything about the CD's edgy marketing, right  down to the cover design and album title. For a long time, I didn't know  how to classify this sound or describe it to friends, other than as:  hardcore brood-music.
1567407757|2.0|What is said in this book could have been said in less words! Mitch Albom has not done a great job in explaining the thoughts of Morrie. Morrie sounds like a warm-hearted American teacher to me. I suggest Halil Cibran's   &quot;The Prophet&quot;. Yet, Tuesdays With Morrie is fun and easy to  read.
6301572688|5.0|I want to congradulate the people in charge of makeing this movie the plot line was well thought out and you can't beat the comedy and action. this was a very cool film.
B000006O7C|5.0|regardless of the fact that this album is a mere compilation of unfinished works drudged up by his mother and arranged by Chris Cornell, Sketches is--in my opinion--one of the most artistically important albums of all  time.  along with Dylan, jeff buckley is the greatest songwriter of all  time.
630518299X|5.0|Besides his 1st Drama &quot;Doing Time On Maple Drive&quot; this is really Carrey's best performance! I just hope he wins an Oscar instead of Tom Hanks. I mean the guy has already won TWO freakin' Oscars, give someone a  chance, man!
0783221487|5.0|I find it disturbing to see the lack of appreciation in what some people write about this movie.  This movie not only has some of the greatest actors in any sci-fi adventure, but is based on one of the most creative  and ingenious stories ever writen.  Now I am aware of the fact that some  people dislike this movie because it doesn't stick to the book exactly,  however, one must at least attempt to appreciate the difficulty in making  an incredibly long book series into a 3hr. flick.      The last thing I am  going to say is that you should definitely rent this movie, and if you dont  decide to hate the movie before you even see it, I promise you that you  will be happy you saw it.
0395754100|5.0|This book lives up to its expectations!  It is a beautiful hardcover compilation of the misadventures of a curious monkey named George.  This is a great book that should be a part of any child's library or collector's  stash.
B00000DLV1|5.0|I think its funny that in half of these reviews,  everyone knocks live albums.  Live music is the BEST way to experience music, not some CD that has been mixed all to hell.  Anyway, this album is tremendously eerie.   Beth's voice is so unique,  with simple trip-hop style beats, and with an  orchestra to accent.  Excellent album, and don't believe what all these  people are saying about  live music.  Go see Phish and you will never say a  negative thing about live music again.
B000002KKC|5.0|I once heard Stevie Nicks claim in an interview that &quot;Tusk&quot; was ahead of its time. How true. While not as emotional or fiery as &quot;Rumours,&quot; this remains my favorite FM album because it is so non  commercial. As much as I love FM, I've grown tired of &quot;Don't  Stop&quot; and &quot;Dreams.&quot; Nothing on &quot;Tusk&quot;  sounds so  contrived. Lindsey Buckingham does go a little wild, but his &quot;Walk a  Thin Line&quot; is a great ballad. Christine McVie is superb on &quot;Over  and Over,&quot; &quot;Never Make Me Cry,&quot; and &quot;Never  Forget.&quot; That leaves Stevie Nicks. I've always claimed that she hit  her creative peak between 1979 - 1981, and her songs on &quot;Tusk&quot;  are among her best. &quot;Storms&quot; shows her vunerability while  &quot;Angel&quot; is upbeat and should have been released as a single. But  the best is &quot;Sara,&quot; on which Stevie spends over six minutes  anguishing about a love she can never have atop soaring vocals. It is,  simply, as classic.
080013799X|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen in my 14 year long life.  The portrayal of the medeval characters was awesome.  This is possibly the funniest movie ever made.  King Arthur's problem w/ counting to 3, The  Black Knight's refusal to give up, and the savage throat eating rabbit all  contribute to the humor of this movie.  Five Star's.  A real  Knee-Slapper!!!!
630518299X|4.0|An excellent movie that proves Jim Carey can do more than just comedy
6303036570|5.0|Al Pacino's most underrated performance as Carlito Brigante, the reformed gangster who found new meaning to life.  Sean Penn, who plays David Kleinfeld, is unbelievable.  His performance was worthy of an Oscar nod.   Director Brian Depalma uses crafty camera angles and colorful characters in  this powerful drama about life, loyalty, and love.
6303109950|5.0|Tombstone is one of the greatest westerns ever made. I'm not big on westerns but this is a movie I can watch over and over. The characters come to life with excellent lines, (especially Val Kilmer), great shootouts, and  a little humor for good taste. This is a movie with enough starpower for  the pickiest movie buff, and all of them deliver. This movie is a must see,  if you don't then,&quot;you're no daisy at all.&quot;
6304765789|5.0|Michael Douglas is masterful as the shrewd investment banker who is taken on the ride of a lifetime compliment's of a consumer recreation service.  His brother, played by Sean Penn, gives him a birthday present that changes  his life.  .  Director David Fincher adds a dark undertone to the film  similar to his prior success in &quot;Seven&quot;. Exremely imaginative and  very clever, this film will not dissapoint.
B000000WJZ|5.0|One of the best rock albums of the 90s, if not ever. Even if you're not a fan of Billy Corrigan's screechy, bellybutton lyrics--and he does grate on me at times--this is one of the most flawless rock albums ever recorded. I  can't think of any band that, at least in the studio, can swerve from a  whisper to a roar like these guys, often two or three times within the same  song, and all with an iron-fisted sweetness that's unique. Jimmy  Chamberlan's drumming is worth the price in itself, but especially on  Silverf***, where he sounds short of apocalyptic.
B0000048YO|5.0|Gilda is a very suspenseful film that will keep you guessing.  It is a must for any Rita Hayworth fan.  She sizzles on the screen.  Glen Ford also gives what I believe is one of his best performances.  It is a wonderful  film.
6303014100|5.0|This is the best civil war movie yet except for the LONG talking scenes. Hey Mr. Maxwell, if you by chance see this I have one suggestion for your upcoming Gods and Generals filming--A lot more ACTION and less talking.  What really stands out to me in the movie are the musical scores that go  along perfectly with the different scenes, especially Pickett's Charge.It  really sets the mood. Great job Mr. Turner/Maxwell.
B000002B38|3.0|This was my first Pink Floyd CD, and I didn't think it was very outstanding. To me the songs sounded generic, with a few great ones mixed in. The best part for me was the exquisite cover art. It looked really  awesome. This probably is a good Pink Floyd CD, but not good for a 1st time  buyer.
0670287059|5.0|A fantastic book for young readers.  My youngest son, now in the first grade, recently read this book for the first time.  Not from memorization, but actually read the book.  A must read for all ages.  This book intriques  the young listener then becomes a good first book for new readers.  My sons  have this book memorized!  I do too!
B000002UAX|5.0|The Beatles display a dazzling variety of styles, moods, and parodies on this exhausting set. I sometimes like to start listening to it at various points in the middle, so I can appreciate each song and not get lost in the  shuffle. Months of meditation yielded some startling clarity and  self-analysis for Lennon, and McCartney contributes his share of great  tunes, mayhem, poignancy, and fun. George Harrison gives warning that he is  a songwriter on the rise, and even Ringo gets into the act with his first  composition (gamely tackled by the boys) and a charming vocal on &quot;Good  Night.&quot; This is good rock, friends, and the whole thing has an  indescribable aura of mystique about it.
6305165912|5.0|Let's just say that I went and saw this three times in the theater!!!!!! Yes, it's that good.
0790736101|4.0|If there is one film Hammer Films will be remembered for, this is it. This is the vampire fiim that all others must be compared to; a lean, literate script, great Victorian period detail, beautiful art direction (more  amazing, considering the budget), a memorable, pounding musical score and  luscious color photography all stand in support of classic performances;  Christopher Lee's sexual, dangerous and evil Dracula is matched by Peter  Cushing's intense, obsessed and resourceful adversary, Dr. Van Helsing.  Cushing's ability to make you believe in the supernatural  &quot;undead&quot; is one of the highlights of the film. Terence Fisher's  direction should be studied also. In addition to a rousing finale, he made  vampirism oddly attractive; even more of a counterpoint to the repressive  Victorian society Dracula invades. Michael Gough's Arthur Holmwood only  chastely kisses his wife on the forehead. It takes Dracula to  simultaneously satisfy and drain the life out of her. The film grows when  you realize what wasn't  included;  an American leading man, a teenage love  interest, filler sub-plots, cheesy special effects, a sidekick for comic  relief, a cop-out ending, etc. They don't make 'em like this anymore.
1567310540|3.0|The whole presence of Jamaica and everything on the around the island was great.  Fleming knew the place well.  There are some great aspects to this book, but no matter what the handling of the villain--the fascinating Dr.  No--was shoddy.  His discription of Dr. No is fantastic and the character,  or the little we learn of him, is one of the more intriguing villains in  all of the Fleming canon.  However, his early and rather laughable demise  just stinks of having nothing to do with the whole setup.  There was a big  blank after the death of Dr. No and I was like, huh?  The whole point was  to dump bird crap on him and wrap up this whole complicated mission.  Oh  well.  It's still a Fleming Bond, and I have yet to read a &quot;bad&quot;  one.  They are ALL good, but some are certainly stronger than others.  This  is on the weaker end but still very enjoyable.
0792153189|5.0|This movie is inevitably compared with &quot;Armageddon.&quot; In my opinion, the comparison ends with the subject matter and the strategies for destroying the comet.  &quot;Armageddon&quot; is a Bruce Willis movie, and  Bruce--whom I enjoy-- puts up a great fight with the big space object.   It's entertaining, it's fun to watch, but it's not very different from a  lot of John Wayne movies in its essential story line.  &quot;Deep  Impact,&quot; on the other hand, deals with the emotional, social, and  political effects of impending disaster.  The portrayals of all the  characters were thoughtful and finely wrought. (What a treat to see Vanessa  Redgrave and Maximillian Schell in this movie!)<br />Tia Leoni plays a  character who may seem &quot;wooden&quot;-- I know from many years of  experience working with people that her reaction is totally believable,  that many people shut down when faced with overwhelming panic.  I also  found her parents, and her relationship with them, to be very skillfully  portrayed. As for Morgan Freeman, I'd vote for him anytime. This movie has  quickly made its way into my list of all-time favorites (my husband and two  teenagers agree with me on this one).  It makes me think of  &quot;Testament&quot; with Jane Alexander, which lacked spectacular special  effects but resonated with human truth.  The difference is that I can't  bring myself to watch &quot;Testament&quot; again, but I can see myself  watching &quot;Deep Impact&quot; again, and sharing it with friends.<br />By  the way, &quot;Deep Impact&quot; has a very cool website with links to articles in astronomy journals that gave me new respect for all those big space objects out there.
6303234844|5.0|I've never been a fan of concert videos. I always get bored, and fast forward through songs. I bought this video for my wife, and when she turns it on, I'm like a kid watching Barney (without the slobber). Absolutely a  treat to watch, especially if you can run it through a stereo reciever and  out to external speakers.  I'm thinking of ordering another because I know  the tape will wear out before we get tired of it.  It's as enjoyable as a  feature movie.<br />There is also a double CD (audio only) cut from the same  two performances. The only difference is that there is one extra track on  the CD. This disk is also incredible and I would highly recommend it as  well.
B00000DLVA|1.0|I loved her voice, having heard a song on TV with acoustic accompaniment. A very leisurely almost swanky jazz song was sang. <br />But this CD is alot of electric guitar discordant tones, I can hardly listen to it...... I will  sell it at best, but surely never listen to it again.
6303637493|5.0|As a female, I wept buckets when watching this movie.  The melodrama was, perhaps, a bit exaggerated but not to the point of losing emotional poignancy.  The acting was, generally, quite good, including the singing  scenes.  Yes, the lip-synching was noticeable, but people who complain  should try caraoke-ing the simplest coloratura piece in front of a mirror  to see how well they would do!  They'd notice that they were lucky just to  stay within the tempo.  From the standpoint of history, the movie is  inaccurate.  Handel's Rinaldo was composed and staged well before Farinelli  ever got to England, while the movie implies that the score stolen by  Farinelli's paramour was new.  Likewise, I doubt that Handel ever promised  Farinelli to never compose another opera ever again, because Handel  continued composing afterwards.  From the musical standpoint, the movie is  also inaccurate.  For example, Farinelli is shown singing both &quot;Cara  sposa,&quot; Rinaldo's aria, and then &quot;Lascia ch'io pianga,&quot; the  &quot;sposa's&quot; aria, in the same performance.  Obviously, no single  performer would sing both lead roles on stage at the same time.  But this  is really not important.  The music was there to give flesh to Farinelli's  sacrifice for the sake of art.  Thus, &quot;Lascia ch'io pianga&quot; (Let  me cry over my cruel fate) was there as a symbolic expression of  Farinelli's pain, and not simply as a musical vignette.  Pity, that it  wasn't translated in the subtitles for the ones who don't know much about  baroque opera.  As a final point, although the soundtrack was pretty  impressive, I know of a couple of countertenors who (without any electronic  morphing) could do better justice to the legend of Farinelli.  Dominique  Visse would be my first choice.
B000009O8A|1.0|This movie is sick! Just the title of this flick gives me shivers. The plot: Woman goes on vacation. Gets repeatedly raped by mountain men for about 40 minutes. Then gets revenge in the last 40 minutes. I can't  emphasize enough how utterly terrible this movie is. If you like movies  with bad plots, bad acting and stupid characters this is your movie.
6303921248|5.0|I never knew who Jane Austen was until I saw this movie on A&amp;E.  I missed the first episode in the earlier time slot, so I stayed up to watch it in the later time slot, I think it began at around ten or eleven.  I was  only 16 so my mom came down to yell at me for not being in bed, but within  five minutes she was hooked and we watched the rest of it together.  We  were both dead by the last episode but it was worth it.  I taped the second  showing and since then have watched it seven times and read the book five  times.  I also hooked my roommate on it only fifteen minutes into the film  and her favorite movies are the SAint and Hackers.  I have since read all  of Jane Austen's novels and viewed most of the movie adaptions, but Pride  and Prejudice remains my alltime favorite novel.
B000002NHN|5.0|This has to be the most centering, relaxing and enjoyable CD I own.  I came here to buy it again because I had to share the one I had.
6302811791|5.0|If you ever wanted to know the real Charlie Chaplin, this is the movie to see.  After viewing this movie, I became an admirer of Mr. Chaplin.  From his harsh beginnings, to his transition from silent films to talkies, and  his ups and downs on the way, it is all covered in this movie.  A  combination of the true history of the film era and an inside look at those  surrounding it.  Downey Jr. could not have captured Chaplin any better.  I  deffinitely recomend watching this triumphant tale of a great man.
080013799X|5.0|This is the best of the monty python movies. It has to be on anyone's gift list. Thanks to the person who made monty python my addiction.
0140277447|5.0|Dag Hammerskvjd once said, &quot;They longest journey of any person is the journey inward.&quot;  And that is what the surviving soldiers and officers of the Japanese army need to do.  Though foreign born but raised in the  States, my parents never allowed me to forget my own culture.  Like Chang,  I learned of the Nanking incidents from my parents who had survived that  war.  The brutality inflicted on innocent citizens by the Jap soldiers was  not isolated to Nanking although it was the most severe in degree.  Since I  hadn't read details about the Sino-Jap wars in history text, I took my  father's stories as folklore sort until I saw some photographs and articles  published in newspaper last year. And I must say, I definitely appreciate  the efforts put forth by Chiang as this event deserves to be heard  worldwide, not for revenge but for justice, for all mankind.  The victims  need a voice.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill is right up there with the first ladies of soul and R&amp;B, Mary J. Blige and Erikah Badu.  With several well-deserved grammy nominations, she has earned the respect of the general public.  When going  to purchase the CD, I asked one of associates whether it was any good, and  he said it was wonderful.  When I ask anyone, they all say, &quot;I love  Lauryn Hill&quot;.  Any age, race, or background.  Her vocal style, choice  of music and arrangements are the most original I've heard in a while.   Whether the opening track, &quot;The Lost Ones&quot;, or the final track  &quot;Can't Take My Eyes Off of You&quot;, Lauryn shows us her versatility  and creativity.  A Definite must-have.
B000005QH3|5.0|did you know that a camaro was crashed at the end!!! NOT the Challenge
6305232660|2.0|It's not a bad movie, but it didn't even bring me close to tears...or even make me sniffle.  At barely two hours, it tries to cover too much.  Everyone raves about how much more character depth Deep Impact had than  Armegeddon.  At least Armageddon gave you a chance to get to know the  characters before they got smashed to jelly or blown up.  At the end of the  movie I was more enthralled by the tidal wave than the people screaming.   Instead of going, &quot;Run!! Run!!&quot;  I was like, &quot;Wow!!  Look at  the size of that sucker!! Maybe it'll wipe out the 106th  Congress!&quot;<br />Physics and realism aside, Armageddon wins this contest  easily.
0783222734|5.0|Truly one of the Best Pictures of the Decade. Steven Spielberg's masterpiece is a truly unique story about a paleontologist Allen Grant (Sam Neill) and a Paleobotanist Ellie Satler (Laura Dern) who visits John  Hammond's (Richard Attenborough) island filled with Engineered Dinosaurs.  As the power fails and the animals get out of there pens, Grant and  Hammond's two grandchildren try to find the others and survive and get off  the island alive.
B00000DLVA|4.0|I always thought that Lovefool was a pretty cheesy song, but that's why I liked it. With this album the Cardigans show that they're able to keep their mellow sound and not sound so sixties. The best song on here, in my  opinion, is not My Favorite Game, but Erase/Rewind, where the Cardigans  employ a distorted bass to give the song a very groovy, clubby sound.  &quot;Do You Believe&quot; is also very good. The rest of the album is more  monotonous, but decent nonetheless. This album is definitely worth buying  and I think it will appeal to a broader public than FBOTM.
0786200553|5.0|This book seemed like a normal time and place in the beggining, but eased into confusion as the book proggresed. An outstanding book for children and adults.
B000002BUY|5.0|All the songs have Korn -like guitars, 90's hip hop, and a unruly sound. S.C.I.E.N.C.E. is all but mainstream, creating the first original sound I've heard in years. I've also read that Incubus  is astounding live. If the music is the same, that can be trusted. If you,  as I am, are sick of all the same old tunes, and have a taste for hard alt.  and hip hop, S.C.I.E.N.C.E. is a must buy. Hell, it's a must buy no matter  what you like. Get it, and witness the saviors of music
B00000DFRS|4.0|I bought this and I was really surprised that this was Whitney she sounds so soulful she had almost switched over to what I call adult comtemporary I love this alumn it is a must have
0399142851|3.0|I enjoyed the first 1/2 or 2/3 of the book--there were some &quot;annoyance factors&quot;, but liked the story.  What happened then?  Was the last third of the book tacked on in an evening or what?  The  &quot;resolution&quot; was confusing and made no sense to me, there was no  further explaination of what happened to 2 major characters that were more  fully explored in the beginning, and many loose ends were left open.  I  stayed up late finishing this book and wish I'd gotten some much-needed  sleep--I am starting to feel as ill-tempered and obnoxious as Dr. Scarpetta  is beginning to seem! :)
079073382X|5.0|No explosions, no car crashes or high-speed pursuits, no gunshots ... Just one of the most wonderful movies ever made that allows us to be witness to the development of a perfectly romantic relationship between two strangers  who meet on a train headed towards a truly romantic city (Vienna) and their  one day/night together. You will want to see the movie again, and again,  and again ... maybe because you want their relationship to last forever.
6300183211|4.0|Al Pacino once again gives a masterful performance. A great story of a young Cuban refugee who makes it big in the drug business.  Extremely realistic throughout.
6303421563|5.0|great movie, i just love it. i still hope that someday they will release the three hour directors cut on video. btw tom geogh: if you've seen the movie, you should know that even though jean reno is french, leon the hit  man is not (italian)!<br />if anyone out there knows anything about the  directors cut please let me know.
0393314804|1.0|The content could be worth a goldmine, the problem is I got so tired decrypting the dialect used to write the story I ended up throwing my book in the wastepaper basket after a hundred pages.
6300151379|5.0|One of my all-time favorite movies.  I'll join the rest of you in lamenting its out-of-print status, as well as put in a plea for a place to find it.  Who can ever hope to compete with Jim Henson's muppets?  I highly  recommend it as THE fantasy film to see.
0688152023|5.0|This book is full of great pictures, inspiring quotes and stretches. The stretches are well explained and photgraphed and great for everyone.
6302878527|5.0|It's funny, clever, stylish and realistic. The pairing of the etheral, elegant Audrey and the down to earth Albert exemplfies what draws them together and what pulls them apart. Everyone should see it.
B00000099Y|5.0|wonderful..transported into much needed place to release angry thoughts. wonderful for escape. i am yet to get the other cds, but i must say that i'm quite impressed.
630349255X|5.0|I saw this while on an island in the pacific and felt closer to the rest of the world while simultaneously a speck in the ocean, &quot;drop in the bucket&quot;, and gald I was not an &quot;ant of the city&quot; or worse,  the &quot;army&quot;....  Nevertheless happy to enjoy an insignificant,  wonderful life fully aware of how far we have come, and how we can only  change our tiny portion.  Awesome!!!
B0000004V2|5.0|They all talk of Squire and Brown, but don't forget the man who - I think - made the Roses so different. Reni is by far the best rock drummer in decades and brought such a huge amount of variety to the Roses' tracks.  Rock drummers died a horrible death in the '80s until Reni. Buy this album  to see what *real* drumming is... no computers here! Long live Reni.
B000002NBY|5.0|I recently bought the ECD of Graceland. I previously owned it as a cassette, so I was very excited to find it on CD. <br />It is simply the best album ever recorded.  I always hear something different every time I listen  to it.
0671646788|5.0|In a 90's version of &quot;How to Win Friends and Influence People&quot; Schwartz gives us a simple, yet extremely effective handbook to becoming successful in all areas of life. Motivational techniques, and real case  scenarios that are easily identifiable on any level show how successful  people stay on top and how you can get there too.   A &quot;must have&quot;  for any library.
0316152196|5.0|Excellent book.  Suspense, good cops, bad cops, racial hatred, and Detective Bosch to the rescue. Guaranteed to please.
B0000017CA|5.0|Acid Bath is the best Death Metal band on the planet.  Their guitarists, Sammy and Mike, are phenomenal.  Heavy riffs are backed by pounding drums, courtesy of Jimmy, arguably the most energetic, and therefore best, drummer  in the world.  Dax, the lead singer, has haunting vocals interspersed with  sharp screams, with the help of Sammy.  I don't even listen to hard rock  generally.  I'm a Beatles, Steely Dan, Dire Straits, Led-Zeppelin type of  guy, but Acid Bath's skill changed my tastes a bit.  Definitely an awesome  album, just don't let your grandmother hear it, or your mom read the  lyrics.
B0000057C5|5.0|Superb says it all.  I can't get enough of Rammstein.  My biggest regret is I missed them on the Family Values tour.  I just pray that after all the controversy surrounding them here they will come back soon!  Like others  have said on Sehnsucht and Herzeleid you may buy them for a particular song  but I know anytime I listen to either CD I listen to it all.   By the way, my  &quot;English&quot; 12th tract on Sehnsucht is &quot;Stripped&quot;.  there  is no 13th tract.  My second regret is that my commute to work isn't long  enough to hear the entire CD! I recommend this CD and their 1st to all!
630463949X|5.0|I was not a big fan of Fleetwood Mac back in the 80's, but watching this video has made me one.  I caught a part of the concert on a PBS station, went and bought the DVD and have watched it at least once a week since.  It  seemed to me that all of the members of the band were having a lot of fun  just being back together as well as entertaining the audience.  My  favorite, of course, is Stevie Nicks, but Mick, Christine, John and Lindsay  were all great.  I have since bought a number of their CDs and am wondering  how I missed out on their music for all these years.  Anyone who liked this  DVD would also be interested in the VHS tape detailing the making of the  &quot;Rumours&quot; album.<br />I hope to see more Fleetwood Mac concerts on  video.
6305169187|4.0|Movie not only point out a real possibility but offers a story  to test human behaviour. Voila, How can you react against to unkown and terrorific situations? unpredictible. In this sense Armagedon offers a valuable  document on human psicology out of earth. On the other hand science fiction  escenario was so well created with special care to conserved as real as  possible. In general is an interesting film and it deserved to be watched.
0671799320|3.0|The Prize is a lengthy historical narrative.  \\"Historical\\" means that the book concentrates on politics and social implications, with minimal attention to technological developments (i.e., virtually no mention of the science or technology of oil production).  \\"Narrative\\"  means that it isn't always specified exactly who did what when, and  coverage is erratic and fragmented.  So, while fascinating, this is not a  reference.  The reader does not get a reasonably complete history of any  specific oil company or producing area.
0606002006|5.0|An unforgettable, highly moving story with much to say about love, yearning, and loss.  So powerful and affecting, it is a crime that some schools keep the book from teenagers who would undoubtedly find the story  hugely important and compelling.  The book is a subtle, but very powerful  indictment of predjudice and mistreatment of the weak.  For that reason  alone,the book should be celebrated and taught regularly in our schools.  A  great classic.
6305229449|5.0|In a world where violence is so prevalent, Mulan is a refreshing change.  There were some fight scenes, but I didn't have to cover my three year old daughter's eyes.  It is also great that my daughter can see a heroine with  the same color skin as she and the same slanted eyes that she has.   Congrats Disney for such a fine film.  I'll be buying the video and  watching it with my daughter!
6305265488|5.0|I went to this movie with my neighbor, liked it so much 3 days later I took my 9 year old daughter to it.  We will never think of Cinderella in the same way again, the movie made the story believable!! We were  thoroughly entertained, and can't wait to buy it, and I don't buy very many  videos!!
B000000OSW|5.0|Who would have thought that the young talented man that played aside Phil Collins in the prosperous band &quot;Genesis&quot; would turn out to be the most brilliant lyricist the music world would ever see.  Who would have  thought that many of todays most prolific musical talents, such as Sarah  Mclachlan, would idle Gabriel and his music. Not me.  Why is it that Mr.  Gabriel is so fanaticaly loved by those who have experienced his music?   There can only be one true answer to this common question about this very  uncommen man, and the answer lies within the words he writes and with in  the songs he sings. There is no better example of Gabriel's uncanny  brilliance then that which is present in his album &quot;US.&quot;  &quot;US&quot; like any of Gabriel albums is an experience. An experience  into a unparallel world of love, loss, and pain. A world in which there are  no worries or fears, no sorrow or sadness. Gabriel is one of the very, very  few artists, if not the only artist, that has the ability to challenge his  listeners with his music. This album might not be as good as Gabriel's  previous album &quot;SO,&quot; but it is more then worth the small price it  costs, for it will last a lifetime within your heart, and it will ease your  pains and sufferings every time you turn the lights off and turn the volume  up loud and lose yourself within Gabriels words. THANK YOU PETER
B0000065TL|5.0|I you ever wanted to or wondered about what Madonna's life was like, then this is a must see! It is an amazingly fabulous portrayl of Madonna. There is even a lit flash of her tits in it. Which should make any guy see it.
0783229526|5.0|THis movie is great.  But if you have never tripped before you probably wont understand a thing.  their are many subtle drug jokes  that only those experienced with the drugs may get.  So if you like being in an altered  state this is a great move
6304813759|5.0|The flow of this movie reminded me a lot of Dead Poets Society.  It seemed like not a whole lot was going on but the end of both movies had me up and cheering for the characters.  I was especially touched about the true  affection the &quot;fat&quot; guy and his wife shared.  The scene where the  guys are rehearsing and obviously uncomfortable about taking off their  clothes in front of each other made you feel their pain. The scene with the  guys standing in the unemployment line and their reaction to the Donna  Summer song over the Muzak is a classic in my book.  If the movie seems  boring to you at first, hang in there.  It all comes together and you will  be glad you watched it.
B00000DHRX|5.0|I don't know why I waited so long to buy this superb CD. Anyone not having G.M CD's should rush out and purchase this one. The collection here gives the listener a good perspective of what a virtuose George Michael has  turned out to be since his early &quot;lollipop&quot; years. Listening to  the quiet side (Side A) makes you want to curl up in front of the fireside  with your partner and let the music sweep you away...
0800184327|5.0|I have seen the movie three times. Patiently I have waited for the video to be released.  What great intertainment. Hope to see more of this combination soon. Chayenne and Vanessa were great together.  Hopefully  there will be more of Chayenne in the near future.
B00000064F|5.0|Bryter Layter is an album that some Nick Drake fans dismiss as good but a bit over-produced. I disagree. While the more acoustic Five Leaves Less and Pink Moon are just as essential (and just as good), there is no drop in  quality on Bryter Layter. Any album with &quot;Northern Sky,&quot;  &quot;Hazey Jane I&quot;, and &quot;The Chime of a City Clock&quot; is a  must-own. There are no weak cuts. Even the instrumentals are charming. The  strings and other backing work beautifully with the songs. And another  thing -- while Nick Drake can be dark and introspective almost to a fault,  I don't find this album depressing at all. &quot;Northern Sky&quot; is one  of the most luminous songs I've ever heard.
6300216047|5.0|Ah! To see the extravagence of Barbarella for the first time.I remember my first time. I could not have imagined Jane Fonda as a wonton sex kitten. This is a lush treasure from a simpler time , when costumes didn't have to  cover you to be good.Like, can you dig it?
B00000FCBC|5.0|I wasn't sure about this, a possible rehash of the Garage Days et al. But wow! The first CD blew my mind...to find The Metallicats love the same music I always have like BOC, Diamond Head, Budgie and Motorhead! I was so  pleased with this when I listened to it, it was worth every penny.  Never  having bought the Garage Days sets, the tracks were pretty new to me and  sounded clear and crisp on the CD.  All in all an interesting insight in to  Tallica's muse, their inspiration. Nice to hear what people listen to when  they're not playing their own stuff. Great album, all fans will love it!
B000000ZGO|5.0|I first listened to this album while in Vietnam in 69.It is still one of the best.
B00000FYIL|4.0|Stephen Warbeck's score is magnificent; the only problem, albeit relatively small, I have with it is that he neglects to develop the sweeping opening theme, found in track 1, and to a lesser degree track 7,  further.  I kept waiting for it to reappear and go somewhere new and  exciting, only to be somewhat let down at the end of the CD.  Once past  this, however, and in all other respects, the score makes for wonderful and  engaging listening.  I hear new subtle nuances every time I play it.  I  recommend it highly.
6305128952|5.0|I have to give enormous credit to Robert Redford for this outstanding movie! Normally I wouldn't try out acting as a film critic but when it comes to The Horse Whisperer I feel that I have to. <br />I saw the movie  three times in the Theater and it got even better the second and third  time. This is my first movie ever to be seen three times in the Theater!  The Horse Whisperer is a deeply moving film that compares to nothing else  that I have seen come out of Hollywood. It doesn't make use of any high  tech special effects that we have gotten so used to ( in order to tickle  our toes ) - it doesn't need to! This movie is so simple, pure and decent  as were it of a different time - a time long forgotten where ideals stood  high and no one would attempt to make a movie unless you really had a good  story to tell - the Horse Whisperer does. Especially the love scenes in the  movie are unique - everything is not painted out like in so many other  movies nowadays - no, it leaves something for your fantasy, which makes the  scenes so much stronger. I really cannot recommend this movie enough -  anyway if however one should be disappointed it must be because one is  lacking the true fundamental feelings that arises within the heart - love,  pain, sorrow etc. <br />Robert Redford has dared going up against the trendy  filmmakers in Hollywood who only manages to touch our heart - feelings - in  a very superficial way. Ones you leave the Theater the movie you just saw  is no longer with you. The Horse Whisperer is not like that it will haunt  you - that is of course in a positive way! I will make sure to get this  film on DVD as soon as it comes out in Denmark.
B00000FCBC|5.0|Metallica is getting back to their roots with this album, their latest release since ReLoad.  Since most bands begin their careers by doing cover songs, Metallica thought it appropriate to show homage to the bands that  helped them to make it big.  I think this is exceptional, and that more  bands should follow in Metallica's footsteps.
0783216084|5.0|If you don't already own this classic, BUY IT!! Speilberg's cocky youthful directing mixed with a juicy plot and a divinely inspired performance from Robert Shaw make for a timeless film. My friends and I are lifeguards at a  pool in the summer and we conquer boredom by quoting Jaws extensively. We  can do entire SCENES - lines, facial expressions, even LAUGHS! We idolize  Quint and revere Shaw for giving him such life. The must-have of  must-haves. Don't settle for the edited, commercial infested version TNT  always plays.
B00000099Y|5.0|this cd is great it has mysteroius songs that have such a karma to it u cant help but sing and songs that are straight forward like the title track aenima some or fast pace songs with  a message to anyone who dares to call  tool a sellout band along it all types of people will enjoy this cd anyone  who appreciates good music will really enjoy this cd  any one who agrees  with me can email me i recommeend the songs stinkfist,pushit,third eye,and  jimmy if u buy this cd u will enjoy it i swear:)
B000002OAZ|5.0|This superb album is a must for all aficionados of the Blues. Clapton is great as usual and the two fifths of the Stones add a nice bottom rythum. Who knew Winwood could play the Blues so well. And of course the gritty  vocals of the Wolf pull the whole session together quite well. Thank god  these British Bluesman keep the Mississippi Delta sound alive.
B000002L7G|5.0|This is easily one of straits' best albums ever. Mark Knopfler's smooth guitar work really shines through. This album defines Dire Straits' later work. It's a great experience to get a good pair of headphones and listen  to &quot;So Far Away&quot;. This version of &quot;Walk of Life&quot; may be  the best along with that on &quot;On the Night&quot;
0440224764|4.0|John Grisham comes back and gives us an exciting story. Since I've only read four books of his, counting this one, I can only compare it to two of the others of his which I have read. It's almost as good as The Chamber  (but not up there with it) but really third best, to both The Chamber and A  Time to Kill. The fourth one is The Pelican Brief which wasn't very much to  my liking, I must say. This book is pretty similar to The Chamber due to  two things. The tension builds up with each page, and...there's an ending  that doesn't quite end! (those who read it will know what I mean!) I don't  like to be made to wonder what happens, I like to be told. It doesn't seem  like almost five hundred pages was long enough for this book. There should  have been more. If we did not consider the way this book ended, then it's a  fun read!
6304211740|5.0|this is certainly one of my favorite films.I thought the cast was perfect, they did not chose s.b. pretty to play Jane, Charlotte Gainsbourg isn't pretty, but still has a lot of charm and grace so you'll love her. It was  beautifully filmed,only it could've been longer, they cut out some of the  book to make the film not a four.hour thing. I hate this old clack and  white movie but this I LOVE.I was deeply impressed, and yes, I had read the  book before.
6305076650|5.0|This movie is very amazing... and the songs are very interesting..
B000005JAK|5.0|This is an excellent album mainly because of its fresh sound though recorded 13 years before punk broke out.  Mould shines on this one for his powerful vocals and surprisingly poetic, enigmatic lyrics that adds a nice  twist to the edgy, often moderately quick paced tracks on the album.   Mainly Mould's subject matter revolves around uncertainty and trying to  live life to its fullest  regardless of emotional hardship.  Even the  acoustic ballad &quot;Too Far Down&quot; sounds edgy because of Mould's  violent yet somber voice.  Almost all the songs make you think deeply,  something that has been devoid in punk before the minutemen and Husker Du  came along in the early 80s.  What is more, you can tell the emotions are  genuine. Excellent Album!
B0000062GE|5.0|I bought this disc the day it came out and I still play it every day.  I think that the best songs on it are not the two that have been released as singles.  The best songs in order are: Waking Up Beside You, How Can I Hold  On?,Drugstore, and You Complete Me. The record company should consider  releasing one of these. Once again, it is the fabulous voice of Chris Hall,  and the lyrics that carry this group
B00000DCER|4.0|This is a new album by a man who had his first record over 50 years ago!  There is nobody with more soulful music than John Lee Hooker no matter how old he gets, and this proves it.  His friends- like Eric Clapton, Bonnie  Raitt, Santana, and Charlie Musselwhite aren't half bad either.  This is a  fine album, and his newer stuff like &quot;This is Hip&quot; and &quot;The  Healer&quot; is outstanding, but I prefer his older work.  The originals of  &quot;Boogie Chillun&quot; and &quot;Burning Hell&quot; far surpass their  newer versions done here.  But overall, this a good album for anyone who  likes good, hard blues music.
0684843749|4.0|This is a good introductory book to bodybuilding. The photographs and descriptions of excercises  are good. The routines are not applicable to drug-free bodybuilders,  because they cannot recover  from the workload  prescribed. Read the book, absorb the philosophy, and customize the  routines to fit your needs.
6302467861|3.0|If you remember the monkeys shouting &quot;Boil That Dust speck&quot; you might be disappointed with this video. It is not the original animated short you remember but in fact is a 94 remake. This is more accurately,  &quot;Dustin Hoffman reads Horton&quot;. Instead of real animation it is  still pictures from the book with minor animation effects. My daughter  still likes it, but it's not what I expected.
B000002HRE|4.0|This cd isn't to bad. After my grandma bought me load (I was one of the old-schoolers who vowed not to buy anything after the black ablum) I figured Hell, maybe this one isn't too bad either. And its not. It's no  Master of Puppets, (why don't they put in an HTML tag there??) which was  thier best album, but It kickes the holy hell out of Matchbox 20 and all  the other lame-assed rock bands out now, and so what if the lyrics aren't  as hard core as they used to be? How long can James Hetfield write about  dying in a battlefield anyway? And do you really want to see him at 50 on  stage yelling &quot;FIGHT FIRE WITH FIRE!!&quot; Ok, you probably do, and  me too, but lets face it, the band had to mature. Did they sell out? Maybe,  but who asked you anyway?? The bottom line is that this album has good  songs on it, like fuel, Fixxer, and Unforgiven 2, even though it IS a  pretty sad excuse for a song compared to Unforgiven 1. I also like the  memory remains, even though it seems to be about no particular subject. So,  shut up about how crappy metallica's new music is and listen to Master of  Pupets or Ride the Lightning or Kill 'em all or (insert your favorite  old-school album here). But, even you old-school metal heads have to admit,  that the production is pretty shotty on the old albums, especially Kill 'em  All and ...And Justice for All. The production on the Black album and  everything after that is far superior to thier older works. Maybe if Bob  Rock had produced those older albums, they would be even better than they  already are.
0716723980|5.0|This is a clear and concise introductory text.  If you need detail, however, Cotton and Wilkinson is the way to go.
B000005ITX|5.0|This is THE greatest album of all time in my opinion.  <br />I bought the Bryan MacLean album - 'ifyoubelievein' recently and a couple of things occurred to me - Bryan's voice on most of these songs is indescernable from  that of Arthur Lee's;  who was imitating whom? Also, Bryans' album is well  worth the price...<br />The thing that I find most strange is that BBC or  similar has not attempted to do a documentary on this most important band.   Where are Echols, Pfisterer and Forssi now, I wonder?<br />For those that  don't know, Arthur is in prison in USA and Bryan is in similar situation -  he is a christian!
0783225849|5.0|Never, BUT NEVER has there or ever will a Horror film with the amont of knowledge that Hitchcock's PSYCHO contains. From the chilling theme song (beautifully composed by the ledgendary Bernard Hermann) to the terrorfying  finale, PSYCHO remains an item that every hard-core Horror movie-buff  becomes obsessed with one time in their life. See this masterpiece  otherwise I'll wear nice polker-dot dress and grey wig, hunt you down and  tare you apart.
B000002542|5.0|Journey's debut is full of ego stroking and shameless blazen displays of trying to prove one's chops. But it goes beyond all that... in 1975, at the time of this recording's release, amazing skills and jamming abilities were  the flavor of the day, yet this band seems to have taken the leap of true  musical craftsmanship.  Even though the songs are accessible from a  commercial standpoint they are musically dynamic and have continuity as the  tunes capture the essence of the player's souls. When one becomes advanced  at his/her instrument, cognative thought leaves the arena, and the id level  takes over as one's soul is poured out through the instrument. This  recording successfully captures that soul energy; which is amazing when you  consider that it can be very hard to summon the ability to stop thinking  cognatively especially in the static confines of a recording studio. Often  when we experience something new we don't like it because it is to foreign,  too demanding of our perceptions. I recomend that you give any recording at  least 3 listenings before you decide on whether you like it or not. I loved  this album on the first listen- that is a rarity 'cause I'm a tough critic.  If anyone acually reads this, thanks and send me an e-mail. Scott
0767817478|1.0|Whatever you do, don't buy this movie.  Broderick is terrible and there is no plot, just some big monster trashing New York.  The special effects are mediocre, and anything else isn't worth mentioning.  If it was possible to  give this movie no stars I'd do so. To tell the truth, if you want anything  about godzilla get the sound track, which is okay.
0440219078|5.0|While many reviewers state that this is an adult book, not children's literature, I disagree.  Our children are a lot smarter than most of us give them credit for.  This book deals with confusing issues in a way that  allows children to see that adults don't have all the answers and that it's  ok to be uncertain.  Children are given a discreet look at adult issues in  a manner that helps them to make sense of the world around them.
B000005EJL|5.0|I do not know what some of those other people are talking about...this is as good as they EVER were!  some of the best effects in pop are on this album!  Flawlessly recorded!  Beautiful Stuff...GET IT!  They really must  have been practicing all those years.
6300214826|5.0|I saw this movie when I was eighteen,and &quot;it really put the hook in me &quot;. The film (which all good films should do) opens so many ideas of disscussion, it tests your own ideals of the meaning of life. The  symbolism,and metaphors throughtout film are so well done, you truly  appreciate the wizardry of Coppola. Never underestimate the power of myth.
6305169187|1.0|This movie has got to be the stupidest movie I've seen since Con Air!!  Bad acting, stupid plot, and cheesy love scenes.  The one good thing this movie had going for it was the Aerosmith song, but then the radio started  playing it over and over and over!!!!!!  Now I'm sick of the song and I can  barely watch the movie all the way through.  Save yourself some time!!!!
0800111680|4.0|This movie is definately above the curb of the average fifties film.  The acting was simply incredible, Guiness giving one of his best performances short of &quot;Lawrence of Arabia.&quot;  The cinematogrophy is typical  sweeping David Lean style.  The end is simply one of the best I've ever  seen in a movie; the camra pulling away to view the whole vista, the doctor  simply stating: &quot;Madness.  Absolute madness!&quot;
0609603086|3.0|Hammer was recommended to me by some one with fairly similar literary tastes.  I have never been a big fan of Follet except for Pillars of the Earth which I thought was inventive, unpredictable and had closure.  I  almost feel that Folloet is getting ready to write an FBI serial with this  book.  The topic is a bit far out.  It would have been better if he could  have included sound scientific evidence that this was a plausible plot.  He  didn't.  Making an illiterate time warped hippie the nemesis of the FBI and  having him always a step in front of them even to the end is a hard sell.  Unlike James Patterson where his nemesis , Sonegi, is a cerifiable genius  and wacko.  Preist is just a wacko.  I began to believe he cultivated four  leaf clover instaed of grapes.  I would loke to see Follet return to the  Pillars genre.
B000001GPX|5.0|I think it was Wagner that said Beethoven's 7th Symphony was the apotheosis of the dance.  This is probably one of the best, if not THE best, recordings of it available.  The tempos are absolutely perfect, and  are downright daring in movements III and IV.  The end of the IVth movement  where Beethoven diddles around in the dominant for quite some time before  finally going to tonic can (and often does) become boring, but not so in  this recording.  Movement II is absolutely compelling.  It is because of  this CD that the 7th is my favorite Beethoven symphony.  I highly recommend  it.
0345350499|5.0|I've read it twice now and I want to read it again.  No book has ever touched me as deeply as this one.  Not only does Marion Zimmer Bradley construct wonderfully believable characters that you can really get  involved with, but she tackles the difficult issue of Christian theology  versus Pagan theology and she does it brilliantly.  Women and young girls  have a true heroine to admire in Morgaine and men and young boys see their  passions and stregths relfected in Arthur, Lancelet, and Kevin.  I can't  say enough good things about this book.  It is my all time favorte novel  and well worth the time investment it takes to read it.  The story will  consume you and the theme will make you question history, religion, gender  issues, and spirituality.
0345350499|5.0|Upon completing my third reading of this novel,  I am still amazed at the amount of work that must have gone into the writing.  That aside, it is the most compelling 900 pages I have ever read.
0375402675|3.0|This novel was still unmistakably Clancy (good enough for devout Clancy fans, but not good enough to convert non-believers), but it definitely did not give me the same pleasure as some of his other novels. I found the  storyline weak in places, sometimes bordering on the realms of science  fiction. This was quite dissapointing as I've always enjoyed Clancy's  ability to totally absorb me in the sometimes highly technical dimension of  his novels (Red Storm Rising is an excellent example of how technical  descriptions can add to the story and tension.)<br />I got the impresssion at  times that I am reading a first draft. If you have an editor MR Clancy,  fire him, otherwise get one please.<br />Another suggestion, take a year or  two off, stay away from Op-Centre, Net Force and the like (they are just  bad for your image) and hit us with another series similar to the Jack Ryan  novels.
B0000019PA|5.0|Neutral Milk Hotel is one of the few bands around today that can evoke so many emotions in their listeners.  With a creative use of instruments, and the often dark vocals, NMH prove to be one of the deepest rock bands around  today.  Buy the CD, and be sure to see them live for the full effect!
B000002BPS|5.0|I'm sick of hearing how this cd &quot;isn't punk&quot;. Screw that, it's Offspring!! And it does have punk songs, just not that underground punk crap ( Pennywise is cool though ). This CD has 5 songs that stand out among  the rest as awesome: Meaning of Life, Gone Away, All I Want, Amazed, and  Change The World... that's about 4 more than most cds can claim. Not quite  as good as Smash but go buy it!! Now!!
6302136105|5.0|THIS IS AN EXCELLENT REPRESENTATION OF THE DOORS STRUGGLE INTO THE LIME LIGHT AND THEN JIM MORRISON'S DEMISE AND THE EVENTUAL COLLAPSE OF THE DOORS.  EVERYTIME THAT I WATCH THIS MOVIE I PICK UP SOMETHING NEW.  VAL  KILMER CATCHES THE ESSENCE OF JIM MORRISON AND OLIVER STONE DIRECTS AN  AWESOME FILM.  A MUST SEE FILM FOR ANY LOVER OF CLASSICAL ROCK AND ROLL.   WHEN THE DOORS OF PERCEPTION ARE CLEANSED, EVERYTHING IS SEEN AS IT  IS.....INFINITE!
6305126062|2.0|Robert Redford was oustanding, as usual.  The &quot;hype&quot; and anticipation surrounding this movie was the best part!  I have read Monty Roberts' book, and am very impressed with his methods.  I was looking  forward to seeing some of these methods used with horses in the movie.   It's too bad that this movie was titled &quot;Horse Whisperer&quot;.  It  should have never tried to take that title from the real thing - Monty  Roberts.  I think the horse characters might have had 15 minutes in the  whole movie.  The rest was just another love story with a very sad, injured  little girl as a twist.
0790737345|4.0|Ok, I know its predictable....but I can't get over the beautiful shots, the dialog, the music...it all paints a beautiful picture. How often do we stop to fully appreciate the taste of a pear? A testament to the truest  nature of being human and being in love.
B000003N89|5.0|I previewed this CD because of the attractive, shy-appearing, blonde on the cover.  What a find! I couldn't be happier with this purchase.  Her fellow artists with their exacting sounds, combined with her solid piano  riffs, make this an album tribute to Nat King Cole that even HE would smile  about! If I could give it 6 Stars, I would.
B00000G3PA|5.0|Good action flick.  Unrealistic, but thoroughly entertaining.  Comedy, suspense and drama all wrapped up in one. Best sound of any DVD I've watched.
6304697961|4.0|Colour transfer was fine, and the monoral sound was crisp, however the Criterion laserdisc was much better with it's essential goodies attached. Apparently another totally new 5.1 channel DVD collector's edition is soon  to be released.
1558216847|5.0|The courage and determination of Slav and his fellow travellers is awe inspiring. The honesty and goodness shine through in this momentous saga. This tales is up there with the very best of real life 'adventure' stories.
0688158129|4.0|This was a very compelling novel, so I'll give it four stars. I'm puzzled, however, by the &quot;love story&quot; description. What I read was a story full of characters who were selfish, self-centered, and oftentimes cruel.  Even Chris. Think about it.
B00000AFGM|5.0|This is a great disc that sounds a lot like David Bowie on crack.  The guitar riffs are absolutely killer, and it was a nice change of pace for the band to actually have the drummer play drums for this recording.  The  old sound machine used on previous records sounded just a little too  perfect.<br />I love this album, even thought the last three songs are rather  lack luster sounding.  It just wasn't my dish to hear about the  Anti-Christ's trips to space and beyond, sounds like a demented Star Trek  episode.  <br />Besides that the music is fantastic and well worth going to  see live.  They put on one helluva show, just don't go expecting an encore  performance, Manson doesn't like to do them.  Besides that I feel like I am  18 again, and I am loving it.
B00000DD2D|5.0|If you're a fan of the blues, Muddy Waters, the Stones, Clapton, Led Zeppelin or any combo thereof, this is a fun little disc. You can tell Mick,Eric,and Robert Plant were getting a big kick out of playing with one  of their greatest influences. For those not as familiar with Taj Mahal, his  vocal effort will make you want to go out and buy his new cd also.  This is  a great send off for Jimmy Rogers.
B00000FCBC|5.0|Jaymz, Kirk, Larz, and Jayson Newkid prove their musical excellence again by releasing a tribute album to their idles and mentors. 5 stars worthy and an album that pays the utmost respect to all of our favorite musicians that  started it all. Misfits, Anti-nowhere league, blue oyster cult, motorhead,  Queen, Sabbath, Zepplin and Seger, some of the best musicians ever to hit  guitar hit the metallicats hard enough so that today we the next generation  listeners can appreciate the classics in pure metallica fashion.
B000002ADT|5.0|This album is one of the truly great works of twentieth century art.  The performers were peerless, the pieces were beautifully crafted, and the impact was awesome.  This was the first modal jazz, created by a set of  virtuoso musicians and artists.  Listen to the ensemble, the textures, the  individuals, the compositions--it will never grow old.  No matter how art  develops in the future, Kind of Blue will remain one of the reference  points for twentieth century art.
0792151712|5.0|We had a relative aboard the Titanic, and this movie reflected the stories handed down in our family.  Kudos to the makers of the film who took it beyond a documentary to make it interesting for all.
B000002UJQ|5.0|What can be said about a record that has already been analysed in 150 different reviews?  Yet I find myself never tiring of this album.  No other modern-rock album or band for that matter have come close to what OK  COmputer and Radiohead have done.   They've essentially saved rocknroll  from the turgid, corporate, banal, boring  pablumy crap that has passed for  &quot;alternative&quot; in the last 5 years. Thank God for Radiohead.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Let's review this album until it has over 500 reviews!  It will be an Amazon.com record!  This is the most phat record of 1998.  I love this CD!  I recommend it to anyone with ears on the left and right sides of their  head...satisfaction guaranteed!  Yeah!  I think it reminds me of the 60s  and the way music sounded years ago.  I love it!  Y'all better listen to  every track twice before saying anything about this CD...and it better be  good.  Peace!
6302293553|5.0|This revolutionary band of British humorists takes wackiness to a new level.  If you ask anyone who has seen this movie &quot;was it good?&quot;  they'll probably just say NEE.  No matter how many times you watch it, the  movie is still side-splitting hilarious.  Watching Monty python and the  quest for the Holy Grail will put you more in touch with the contemporary  culture!
1556589433|5.0|This is a movie that I will never forget. Sophie's plight is one that touches another deeply. I highly recommend the book as well.
0553266306|5.0|This was the first Frederick Forsyth book I have read. This book was incredible! It makes you feel you are moving along with the Jackal. The character descriptions are some of the best I have seen. There are also  many twist and turns in the book that are completly unsuspected. This is  without a dought an absolute must-read book. A true classic everyone should  read.
6302250269|5.0|This is a spectacular movie.  Although a lot of people may say it is just a &quot;Chick Flick&quot;, it is much more than that.  The writing is superb, the visuals of the landscape are captured beautifully, and the  acting is truly wonderful.  It is not an &quot;All Men are Scum&quot;  movie, but an excellent female buddy picture.  It explores the very serious  issue of rape and how it affects both men and women.  It DOES NOT justify  the use of guns.  It shows the possible consequences of having one.  The  ending of the movie is moving and powerful.  Thelma &amp; Louise will make  you laugh, cry, and want to jump in a car with your best friend and drive  across America. (Maybe you'll see a guy like Brad Pitt along the way!)  A  MUST SEE for all women AND men.
0684843749|5.0|Although it was very interesting to read and see the history and history-makers of bodybuilding, the best feature of this book are the training sections. There are chapters that focus on each body part, showing  you pictures, explaining the proper forms, and the best methods for  targeting that body part. It is a great teaching book or refresher course  for any level of bodybuilder. The nutrition section with sample diets was  helpful as well as the section on recommended and non-recommended  supplements. My only complaint would be that it could have used some of the  current outstanding women bodybuilders as examples in the book, using both  pictures of them and their training techniques. Great book overall.
B00000634J|5.0|His words of peace combined with the music on this CD really do make you think. He was an asset to the human race. In my opinion, this CD portrays his thoughts very well
0780622553|5.0|This is by far one of the best movies made in 1998. I was glad to see that in the shadow of the &quot;Hollywood blockbuster,&quot; a movie with such incredible style and originality could be created. A classic example of an  overlooked treasure. Excellent in every way.
B00000AFHM|5.0|I love this CD.  It's small, quiet, and fun with touches of loud nuances.  The title track has a frolicking 60s-Bob Dylan feel.  An excellent set of tracks.
6305169187|1.0|Not because of an asteroid collision, but rather it will prove that intelligent life does not exist or is not worth existing on Earth.  This film is SO LOUD!  It's bad enough that the plot and characters are  annoying, but it destroys all other senses as well.  The director should  try to make at least one film without enormous destruction.  He should  consult with other directors or film schools or at least try some Haldol (I  hear that helps.)
B000002PH1|5.0|Just wonderful songs and a great voice. My favorites in order are &quot;Should I let you in?&quot;, Heaven on Earth,&quot;we can change&quot;. This album turned me on to Belinda and I&quot;ve bought  everything of hers since.
6305229449|5.0|I have been waiting for almost a year for this movie to come out in our video rental store, but instead, i think i'm going to buy it:o) My sister and I loved it (though it was a bit upstaged by Prince of Egypt) Mulan is  awesome, and it came at just the right time. I was begining to think Disney  movies were getting boring:o) I would deffinatley recomened it to  anyone!<br />The story line is simple, and yet they managed to keep you  un-bored. Mushu, Mulan's Dragon &quot;guardian&quot; was hilarious. Even if  (once again) Disney changed the real story, Mulan is a great and highly  recommened movie!
B000000WF0|5.0|Yeah, Bittersweet Symphony is a great song.  It represents The Verve's musical style, which can be heard on so many levels.  Everytime I hear this song (which is almost everyday) I get something else out of it.  Its a  happy song, its a sad song, its a &quot;I'm gonna make it&quot; song, etc.   I have been discovering the rest of the album lately and have been getting  more attached.  Try putting this CD in your changer and just letting it  play, you'll find that it grows on you quickly, making you know you've made  a wise musical selection :)  I have been an avid Verve fan every since I  heard them in 1993.  If you like this CD I STRONGLY suggest buying &quot;A  Storm in Heaven&quot;  its the best Verve CD ever made.
1559408758|5.0|Any rock music fan can tell you that Spinal Tap is a BRILLIANT satire of early 80's Heavy Metal.  (The Scorpians reportedly walked out of the theatre, as they felt that the film makers were mocking them in  particular.)  That being said, even those who have little appreciation of  music will find much to laugh at as we follow this pathetic band of  musicians and hangers-on through a tour of North America.  From Nigel  Tuffnell's amplifier that goes up to &quot;eleven&quot;, to David St.  Hubbin's unbelievably dim girlfriend, Janine, to the legendary Stonehenge  scequence, the laughs are fast and furious.<br />However, the reason to get  this DVD, particularly if you're a fan of the movie, is for the nearly 90  minutes of out takes and deleted scenes.  Ever wonder why Nigel and David  have sores on thier mouths in the restaurant scene?  The answer awaits on  the DVD!  In fact, the outtakes by themselves stand alone as a film nearly  as funny as the original.  If you've ever wanted the sequel, herre it is!   Buy it and enjoy!
B000001FVL|5.0|Every song on this album is a joy to listen to. &quot;Clean, Clean,&quot; &quot;Johnny on the Monorail,&quot; and &quot;Video Killed the Radio Star&quot; stand out as the best, although it's difficult to pick  favorites. I never tire of listening to it. Trevor Horn and Geoff Downes'  production is superb.
6302814359|5.0|I`ve seen Return of the Living Dead,it is almost the same coarse of events as this movie.In this movie it sort tells like &quot;the oppisted and summularities&quot;of each movie.I love this movie.I like the comedy and  music when their rising from their graves.James Karen and Thom Matthews are  as funny as in the last one.If this is a sequel to Night of the Living  Dead,when did the zombies get undefeatable and stronger than in the earlier  sequels.I would love for someone to talk to abou this movie.
6302000823|5.0|Every time I watch this film, I am moved to tears.  I love the fact that the dialogue is mostly Sicilian--it brings back a lot of memories.  For those who are not Italian, this is what being Italian is truly about:   family, love and tradition.  Forget the mafia movies, this is the one to  watch!
B000005IRG|5.0|Marquee Moon is pure and graceful. Guitars cutting, slashing, mathematical guitar interplay, trance-like, hip, New York City/melodic and stormy.Television's Masterpiece!Electric Guitar Harmony.---- A Great Group.  They were stretching out even more on their second LP,  &quot;Adventure&quot;. But, it lacked the tight, cohesiveness of Marquee  Moon.It did have a couple of really interesting  &quot;folky&quot; tracks.  Hey, so many of Tom Verlaine's solo work was great, too. I caught  Television live once and Verlaine solo once way back when at the ROXY in  LA. Those shows were unforgettable. An important artist. Will we ever see  him on &quot;Sessions&quot;???  Last year I caught him on tour with Patti  Smith.He added a nice touch to her current sound with his trademark  playing.. Don't hesitate to pick-up either of the Television recordings  and/or Verlaine solo stuff wherever available-- on any medium.  I just spun  &quot;Fragile&quot; on the turntable tonight.First time in a while.His  guitar signature is unmistakeable. One of my all-time favorites.  TIME FOR  WARNER TO RELEASE THE WHOLE CATALOG ON CD!
B00000DGUG|5.0|I think this album is excellent. It's catchy and intricate. No other artist can express themselves like alanis. her music from this album is real music. while other musicians tend to just throw something together,  SFIJ shows real dedication.  You feel a sense of closeness with the album  since it reflects alanis' true inner feelings instead of somthing fake.  Although they are more personal songs, they are beautiful and unique.   Alanis uses an extensive list of vocabulary; most impressive.  Yes, some  people may not like the album, however, this is a part of alanis' life and  should be respected, like it or not.  Excellent follow-up alanis!
078322687X|5.0|a close reflection of actual teen life - this movie came out when i was 14, but will likely be shown for decades to come . the subject of teendom when all was drama is a theme not likely to go out of style.  besides, this  movie is hysterical.  long live the 80's.
B00000AFFF|5.0|One of the most beautiful things about this album is that it seems to thoroughly annoy the people who are still under the mistaken impression that Elvis Costello is still a punk rock artist (not that he ever really  was).  This record is a musical gold mine, with soaring melodies, emotional  lyrics, gorgeous orchestration and most of all, raw, passionate singing.   Dionne Warwick or Dusty Springfield or Celine Dion or any other  run-of-the-mill singer who has great technique might be able to sing the  notes better, but I believe only Costello himself is capable of conveying  the attitude behind the songs.  I applaude Costello for once again  stretching the boundaries of what he is capable of producing.  I also thank  Costello for allowing me to discover the genius of Burt Bacharach.   Bacharach may sound sugary to some, but to my ear he provides an endless  supply of musicality not present in most modern-day music.  The  arrangements of the songs he wrote with Hal David are well thought-out  pieces, not just throw-away bubble-gum pop.  I would venture to say that  &quot;Painted From Memory&quot; is the best album of 1998, and the best of  Elvis Costello's career.  I look forward to another collaboration between  these two artists, and hope Elvis Costello continues exploring the vast  horizons of all things music.
6305127638|5.0|What can I say that hasn't been said, great movie.  Too bad Paramount took another direction with &quot;Insurrection&quot; - a disappointing follow up to this film. I look forward to seeing the Borg return to the big screen in  a future film, maybe the next one huh guys and gals. What do you think?
B000001FS3|3.0|Yeah, yeah, a classic. I've read all the raves. But this is where U2 started to lose me. I loved their early work -- it all had a very mysterious, exotic quality to it. On the Joshua tree, they ditch that mood,  and replace it with a more open, American feel. To me, they lost what was  special about their sound. I've learned to appreciate it a little more  since then, but it still doesn't hold the power for me that the best cuts  on the Unforgettable Fire or War do. It's still a mystery to me why this  album is the one that everybody singles out.
0399143904|2.0|After reading between the lines of Clancy's last three novels, I expected the plot of the next one to center around a Sino-Russian rumble for Siberia (which would have been great I might add), but instead we were treated to  Rainbow Six, an entirely implausible and ridiculous story.  I'm no  tree-hugger, but this book shows such contempt for environmentalism it'll  leave a bad taste in your mouth.  Try not to let your hate show so plainly  next time, Mr. Clancy.
B000002KDX|5.0|America's first album stands up better over time than I ever expected. It really creates a mood and sustains it over the whole album. The guitars and harmonies are gorgeous, and the songwriting is fresh. Very, very  underrated. Deserves to be a classic.
B000002UAI|5.0|Okay, I know this album is 30 years old,and was recorded when recording was at its most basic. But that doesn't meann it's bad.
6301963717|5.0|What makes this movie great is that all of the characters are undefined. For defined characters see the ice cream truck movie.
B000002MX7|5.0|On a scale of 1 to ten, this is an 11 and a bag of chips
6301966562|5.0|Most people say, &quot;Electric what?&quot; but those of us in the know say, &quot;I love it!!&quot;  A beautiful and vivacious cellist hooks up with an innovative architect.  Unlikely couple, don't you think?  What is  their connection:  a computer which seems to have come to life (an idea  later used in &quot;Short Circuit&quot;).  <br />The movie is full of roller  coaster camera effects, unexpected jabs of humor, real romantic scenes (no  sap here), and a cool soundtrack (I have it on vinyl).  Just one question:   when will the video price come down???
0446605409|3.0|This murder mystery starts out as incandescently as &quot;The Hot Zone&quot; but unfortunately fizzles out to become a sophmoric Hardy Boys ending.  The character portrayal of the obnoxious detective Corey was  brilliant, as was De Mille's description of the North Fork of Long Island.  The plot however, becomes a predictable confrontation between the  protagonist and the villain, who is identified long before the end of the  novel.  Somewhat disappointing
B000002R48|5.0|Even though this CD does not have any songs that are 10+ min long, and two of the members have since left the band, this in my opinion is Dream Theater's 2nd best album behind &quot;Images and Words&quot;.  Ytse Jam is  worth the price of the CD alone.  It's got this Egyptian/Yngwie Malmsteen  sound to it.  If you are a D.T. fan and you do not have this one, you need  to buy it.
B000002MIF|5.0|This is a must own album for any Smiths fan or anyone who is interested in becoming one. This is the very best of the Smiths, complete with energy and rage, disappointment and longing.  A true jem from Morrissey and Marr.
6300216039|5.0|SHAKESPEARE, WOULD HAVE BEEN PROUD THAT THIS MASTERPIECE WAS VISUALLY SCULPTED WITH THE AUTHENTIC DIGNITY AND PURE INNOCENCE AND BEAUTY, THAT ONE WOULD HAVE THOUGHT COULD NOT COMPETE WITH SHAKESPEARE'S GENIUS VERBALITY.
B00000F1D3|5.0|I purchased the CD after hearing one song and love every song on the CD. It is the best work that she has produced in a decade. It places Cher back in the category of Diva.
0767802470|5.0|This movie is the Hunt for Red October on steriods. It harder to give a better description. Intense edge of your seat drama that keeps you waiting for the outcome. Under water and full of danger, this movie is great. And  made even better because of its ability to capture reality so closely.  It  has additional merit as being a WWII film from the German perspective.
B000002NJS|5.0|This is certainly her best recording.And her most cohesive work to date. The style is POP not pure electronica as they try to sell it..Now go and buy this album now...You dont wanna be lost when Ray Of Light is crowned  Album Of The Year at the grammys.. ;) And for those who say the lyrics are  shallow..it doest always take stylish words to convey deep emotion...tell  me whos spine doesnt tingle while listening to this verse from nothing  really matters..&quot;you are shelter from the storm...gimme comfort..in  your arms&quot; I tell you Ive seen many a grown man cry when that one was  played...:)
0679746048|5.0|I had to read this book for a Confessional Literature class and was a little apprehensive about the unusual writing style. However, once I was a few chapters into it, I could not put it down, and actually re-read it  before our week of discussing it in class was over. As readers, we come to  know Kaysen's character so deeply and honestly. She shares with us her  innermost secrets and most profound thoughts on life and her mental  illness, while at the same time making a striking social commentary which  challenges conformity and the boundaries between &quot;normal&quot; and  &quot;deviant.&quot; This book functions at so mant levels--I find some new  symbol or theme every time I read it. Truly captivating!!!
6303160344|5.0|This film is about grief and the grieving process, told more with images than words. A woman loses her husband and child in a car accident and she loses herself in the pain. Pushing away her life, she hides from what it  was and who she was but pieces intersect and draw her back in.  This film  is a masterpiece on the topic of grief. If you have ever lost someone you  love and haven't been able to cry, this will break you.
630469654X|5.0|This movie shows the meaning of true love that was meant to be. They would have waited the rest of their lives just to see eachother one more time.
0780624890|5.0|When i first watch that movie,i said that &quot;it is one of the best action movies in years&quot; It is an avesome movie!!!!
B000001I0Q|4.0|In the truest sense this album is the birth of Goth ROCK, but Bauhaus were the acknowledged godfathers, at least in the post-punk era. But save for a few songs, Bauhaus rarely 'rocked', and mostly did a lot of droning. The  Lords stepped it up a few notches with catchy, doom-inflected tunes, and  this, their debut, is the best example of that. This really is a classic of  that genre, but, regardless of genre, it still is a rock album, and a must  in anyone's collection.
B000002R68|5.0|With &quot;Monterey&quot;, &quot;Closer To The Truth&quot; and &quot;Sky Pilot&quot; on this CD, it would have to be good and it is. The surprise is that the rest of the CD is no disappointment, each track refreshingly  different from the last. No mamby pamby, girlie mush here, just a musical  comment that captures and preserves a slice of history.
6300248569|5.0|Having just read &quot;Pride and Prejudice,&quot; this movie really brought the book to life.  The screenplay is amazingly close to the original and has inspired a love of Jane Austen.  Elizabeth Garvie as  Elizabeth Bennet and David Rintoul as Mr. Darcy are incredible actors and  an incredible pair.  This movie really brought out every sentiment that  Austen intended!
1572522232|1.0|Dario Argento definately hit an all time low with this overlong excursion into the absurd and ludicrous.  Jessica Harper is a ballet student from New York who is attending the German Dance Academy run by Joan Bennet and a  Naziest dance instuctor.  The story is convoluted and filled with holes and  the music score is the most annoying in film history.  The acting here is  not even amaturish, it is just plain awful.  On the box of the video, it  states 'the only thing more terrifying than the last 5 minutes of this film  are the first 90!', it should of stated, 'the only thing more ridiculous  than the last 5 minutes of this film is the entire film itself.  I cannot  begin to trash this film enough, it is that bad.  Stay away from this  movie!!!
0786880708|5.0|This book can teach you how to meditate but that's not the point. More importantly, while reading this book, you ARE meditating. You can be stressed, distracted, emotionally raw, fearful, and overwhelmed by the  demons of life and simply reading from this book will ease your mind and  bring reality back into focus...
6305169187|2.0|They MUST be kidding.  Stupid as hell.  &quot;Duuuhhh, we didn't see it until now.  If we're going to drilll into it, we should send a whole TEAM of untrained &quot;astronauts&quot;, who are drilling people.  One of them  is a world-respected bad ass, but he gets to take his whole team of  flunkies.  Yeah, the world is safe now....&quot;<br />Liv looked really good,  though....
0141301155|5.0|I`d reccomend a trip to the Roald Dahl museum in Aylesbury,Buckinghamshire,England if you were keen on furthering your interest in Mr Dahls refreshingly clearand brilliant mind.Any up and coming  writers would be doing themselves a very big favourin order to capture some  free inspiration.As for this particular book&lt;well what can one say  except that It`s gotta be common knowledge that this rates up there with  the best stories ever written for children(and adults too!)Enjoy the  messages the book sends out.    All the best K.A.S.
6304341849|5.0|Lush, with score, cinematography, acting, costumes that are all top drawer. Two young men meet while attending college and fall in love. At first, it is all very platonic but soon things change..A very realistic  account of gay life in turn of the century England with all its  laberynthine hypocrisy. Hugh Grant gives and excellent portrayal of someone  who would rather not buck the system, despite the cost. James Wilby as  Maurice is radiant, beautiful and quixotic in a very 1920's way. Rupert  Graves, as his street-savvy gamekeper-lover draws Wilby out of his sexual  hell. All is done with a degree of realism which is extraordinarily  romantic. A great ensemble cast. Watch it with your finger on the rewind  button. You won't want to miss anything!
0792151712|1.0|From T2 to THIS?!! James Cameron, how could you?! I don't even know where to begin bashing this 3-hour waste of time... first, the casting. Leo looks too young to be the right choice for the role of Jack Dawson. Kate Winslet  looks too old to be 17-yr old Rose.  The plot was predictable and stale, right up to old Rosa (and how did she  live to be a 100?)throwing the diamond necklace overboard. Characterization  was insultingly stereotypical, and the dialogue bland. And that annoying  Celine Dion song that was played throughout the entire movie made me  violent.   The only thing this cheesy romance had going for it was the  cinematography, and even that wasn't spectacular. By the time the ship  sunk, I didn't even care.   What's really pathetic is that this movie had  potential. It could have focused on the tragedy of 1,500 lives needlessly  lost. Instead this event was reduced into the background for an insipid  tale of &quot;true love&quot;, and if it was true love, then why did Rose  get married after jack froze, eh?   Scraping the barnacles off of the  Titanic would have been more fun!
0380778556|5.0|Rebecca is in many ways a lot like Jane Eyre. Jane and Mrs. De Winter (her first name is never mentioned) both meet and fall in love  with older men when they are very young and still fresh out of school. For Jane it is Mr.  Rochester and for Mrs. De Winter it is Maxim De Winter. The two couples  have short courtships and very suddenly they decide to get married.  Unfortunately Jane and Mrs. De Winter each find that the men they love have  darker and more sinister pasts than they had ever imagined. Jane responds  to this by running away, but Mrs. De Winter embraces the new found secret  because it makes her feel older and closer to Maxim. By the end of the  books Jane and Mrs. De Winter are both portrayed as stronger and much more  mature adult women.<br />But even if you didn't like Jane Eyre I think you  will still like Rebbecca because Daphne DuMaurier combined several elements  that weren't in Jane Eyre to make a fantastic book. She had a wonderful  setting, a suspencful plot, interesting and developed characters, romance,  and a very unexpected ending. Maxim's estate called Manderley is where most  of the story unfolds. When the new Mrs. De Winter comes back from her honey  moon Manderley is still ruled by Rebecca with her servants, her friends,  and her furnishings. The new Mrs. De Winter must live in the middle of all  of this and try to rise up to Rebecca's standards. In this book there is no  way of predicting the future because it takes so many twists and turns. You  never know something important is happening until it is over. My favorite  part of the book was its perfect blend of characters. There was the dark  and loyal (to Rebecca) Mrs. Danvers, the diabolical Favell, contrasted with  well meaning and kind Beatrice, the ever supporting and tactful Frank, and  simple Ben. The reader can easily connect with Mrs. De Winter as Daphne  DuMaurier takes them inside her head reading her fears, day dreams, and  doubts. When all of those ingredients come together you are left with a  gourmet read.
B000000WCV|5.0|I LOVE this CD!!!!!   I collect mix/house/dance cds when I have the money or I feel like splurging the pennies I do have. This was a bargain compared to CDs I've bought in the past and it's five times better!!!  Nearly a  Friday goes by that I'm not pumpin' this up in my dorm room while tryin to  do some cleaning before going out to party!  It's also a great prep-pep  album to get you blood going before you hear it again at the clubs!!<br />GET  IT, BUY IT, STEAL FOR IT or just plain STEAL IT! (j/k) Either way, you  gotta have it!
0780624890|4.0|Blade is really great. The key to enjoying Blade is the key to every summer Movie{except for a few exceptions, like Saving Private Ryan, The Truman show, and Star Wars} is to go for the action and let the story{which  is actually more interesting then other movies, but vampire lore has always  been cool to me} take a back seat. This is certaintly a great action film.  I may just go pick up a copy. Also, kudos to New Line for all the extras!
6303637493|5.0|Wow!!! I watch this movie time and again.  The acting is first-class and the story enthralling.  Farinelli is amazing.........and that is NO exaggeration!
6305252521|5.0|The Truman Show is the essence of great cinema.  A brilliant story backed up by great characters with amazing performances from the actors who portray them make this an exceptional film. Film of '98 - definatly.  Film  of the decade - probably.
B000002H70|5.0|When one thinks of an apt representation of the 80's, The Cure certainly comes to mind.  In &quot;Disintegration,&quot; this topic is handled on both a micro- and macro-scopic level.  Released in '89, songs such as  &quot;Closedown,&quot; &quot;The Same Deep Water as You,&quot; and  &quot;Disintegration,&quot; symbolically represent both an era and a part  of The Cure (especially Robert) coming to an end.  Ultimately, it is an  album of hope, with Robert realizing in &quot;Prayers for Rain&quot; the  certainty of rebirth.
B000003BDY|5.0|i think time is on my side is the best song
6304602979|5.0|True Romance is a great movie in the Tarantino tradition.   It incorporates great action with an intense love story.  Christian Slater and Patricia Arquette have amazing chemistry.  Brad Pitt delivers one of his  finest roles in a cameo as a drugged out, but friendly guy (check out the  honey container he offers Christopher Walken, in one of the most awkward  but funniest scenes I've seen).   Worth seeing over and over again as well  for Val Kilmer's cameo as Elvis, who guides Christian Slater and gives him  courage throughout the movie.  Dennis Hopper also delivers a poignant and  sweet performance as Christian Slater's somewhat estranged but loving  father. Don't miss this one!!!!
0792151712|5.0|Before I saw the movie &quot;Titanic&quot; for the first time, I had heard of many people who had seen the movie many times. I was a little bit amazed at the fact that there are people who watch the same movie far more than  ten times. I thought to myself: &quot;What must be so special about this  movie ?&quot;. After I saw the movie for the first time, I knew what it  was. A close friend of mine told me that he had seen Titanic and I had to  watch it too. So I went to the cinema with my best friend and we were  fascinated at how great the movie was. I ended up going to the cinema two  more times after that to watch it again and I don't regret it at all! I am 20 years old and  a big fan of the movie, have the video and have seen it several times  already. If you haven't seen this movie, what are you waiting for ? You  don't see it every day that history is written before your eyes!
B00000DF6O|5.0|I cannot believe how &quot;blue he can get&quot; as this CD is a masterpiece.  &quot;Deuces Wild&quot; thrilled me but &quot;Blues on the Bayou&quot; has some of the best music you will ever hear...period!  If a  73 year old can get my 13 year old son to move his head and request B.B.  King, you know you have a winner.  At this rate, his next CD should send me  into overload.  Don't even think about it...BUY IT!!
630516603X|5.0|I agree this is Michael Flatley's finest.  I saw Lord of the Dance live and it could've lasted for years and still been over too soon, but Feet of Flames surpasses anything he has ever done.  My only complaint is the  soundtracks aren't live recordings and don't include the dancing sounds!
0790729652|5.0|This move did the most justice to the BATMAN. The joker was right on the money! And as for Bruce/Batman no one even comes close. Mike did a good job of keeping true to the &quot;DARK KNIGHT&quot;. Everyone else...well, they  were to happy. Always smilling or making jokes. That is not how BATMAN was  created.
6301967992|4.0|Roman Polanski directed and starred in this  hilarious  spoof of vampires .  This  comedy has everything you can ask for in a  motion picture. Great  direction, cinematography, score, performances and one of Sharon Tate's   first roles. ( Polanski and Tate became lovers while making this film).   This horror/ comedy  satires everything.  One of  the best films of 1967. The film was slashed 30 minutes by producer Martin  Ransonhoff  in America when initially released and received poor reviews  and flopped at the box office.   Restored to it's original length for  video- It is a must see for fans of horror or comedy.
0688158129|5.0|Stayed up way past my bedtime to finish The Pact. The realistic depiction of the characters and their feelings was terrific. Sensitive and beautiful story.  Anyone looking for characters who are so real that you can touch  them should read this marvelous book!  Keep 'em coming, Jodi Picoult!
0316152196|5.0|Michael Connelly gets better and better.  Characters never get stale.....holds your attention and has a well strung plot.  I have enjoyed each and every one of Connelly's novels.
B00000F14B|5.0|Suffice it to say that this is truly one of the best musicals of the era to ever grace the screen. With the enhanced video and audio qualities found with DVD, it should be even more enjoyable! Share it with your kids.
6300151379|5.0|There are only a few more movies that rank as highly as this one in my standards:The Neverending Story,Legend,and The Last Unicorn.I may still be a teen,but I know a good movie when I see one.
B00000G3PA|3.0|I expected to see why Bruce Willis was the top dog expert for drilling holes. I don't think anywhere in the movie did it show how he uses his skills. In fact it seemed like he needed plenty of help. Not enough  suspense, too predictable, and could have utilized Bruce Willis better.  Still I liked the movie which is why I'm giving it 3 stars.
B000005HO0|2.0|There's not a lot here if you already have De Mysteris Dom Sathanas and Deathcrush.  The live versions of the songs are not as tight and not as well balanced (of course).  On the other hand, if you're a 'true' Mayhem  fan and like live albums, this will round out your collection quite nicely.   It's almost worth it for the picture of Dead with the severed pig's head  impaled on his microphone stand on the inside of the digipak.
B00000DGUG|5.0|You have to admire Alanis' nerve at releasing an album so over the top in terms of personal revelation and raw musical expression. The lyrics read like transcripts of sessions with her therapist. Self-indulgent, yes, but  the album is more than redeemed by its musical invention. Sure, it's not  easy to listen to. Some of the tracks are painfully shrill, full of  unidentifiable sound effects and tortured instrumentals. But I'm fascinated  with the way she carelessly marries her lyrics to the music in kind of a  free-floating, improvisational style. Her sung melodies snake around dark  minor keys, and she's not afraid of dischordant harmonies. No doubt, this  is the bravest album I've heard in a long time, and it will be a long time  before I get tired of listening to it.
B000000WFF|5.0|This cd was even better than I was expecting.Me and my uncle Mark were amazed.Even though I'm a boy,I'm in love with this cd.Spice girls:if you ever need an extra singer,just ask Rion M. for the job.
080018789X|3.0|The movie was worth seeing - it is entertaining.  But it was certainly not worthy of a Best Picture nomination.  Unfortunately it spawned countless people shouting the mindless drivel, &quot;Show Me the Money!&quot; and  they were too serious when they said it.  At least in the movie it was  meant to be funny.  Good to see when you just want to veg out and not think  too much about what you are watching.
0767800958|3.0|I enjoyed the exciting dance sequences in the film. However, there were many extremely SLOW scenes in which we feel the film-maker is in love with her own image. I found it impossible to believe that an intelligent woman  would find the macho, self-absorbed male lead attractive. If you love  tango, you should get the video just for the dance sequences - fast forward  through the rest!
0790737914|5.0|Forget &quot;Titanic,&quot; this movie should have won the Oscar in 1997. Excellent acting all around, a complex and engrossing plot, and a great &quot;noir&quot; feel.  I savored every moment of this movie and came out  of the theatre raving about how good it was.  My wife thought &quot;As Good  As It Gets&quot; was better, but she's wrong.  What can I say? &quot;LA  Confidential&quot; is close to being as good as it gets.
B00000DQSF|5.0|If you don't have Music From Big Pink in your CD rack, then you're really deprived. If your vinyl copy is scratched like sandpaper, and the cover is beyond recognition - then it's time to treat yourself to the CD version.  Some of the best music on the planet. Every song is like the best  bittersweet chocolate.
630518299X|5.0|I am not a big fan of Jim Carrey but I must say he did an excellent job in this film of showing the complexity of his character.  The premise seems unbelievable but it does arouse some paranoia in me...(what if?...)   Without giving away the ending, I thought the best scene in the movie is  right before the end, when the camera captures the change in Truman's face  when he comes across what he doesn't expect.  This is a movie that is worth  seeing, and I am going to get the video when it is at a realistic price.
6302787297|5.0|Two movies on Columbus came out this year and this was by far the better film.  This is the second movie that Gerard Depardieu and Sigourney Weaver made together.  MUST SEE!
6304578482|4.0|This movie is a hilarious send-up of high school &quot;cliques&quot; and the  victims of them. Anyone who's ever been ignored by the cheerleaders and jocks in their long-ago school days will be able to identify with the  two leads as they live to get their ultimate revenge. I haven't laughed  this much in years!
0440224764|2.0|I am a big Grisham fan, but with each additional Grisham that I read, the more they run together in my head.  A great storyteller that makes his books a quick read, Grisham has mastered the formula to make consumerism  push him to the top, but the hype that now surrounds new releases is more a  hope to live up to the high standard set by his earliest works.  The most  troublesome aspect of this particular book, though, comes literally in the  last two pages.  One of the greatest disappointments, the ending was a  total surprise in the most negative way.  I almost felt sorry for spending  so much time reading the first 466 pages because it all seemed for naught.  Sorry John, hopefully this is not a &quot;Testament&quot; of what is to  come....
6305064679|5.0|I really love this film.  It's funny and touching and it doesn't try too hard for laughs like some comedies do.  Robert Carlyle is outstanding as is the rest of the cast.  See this movie!
B00000ADG2|5.0|This CD is for everyone old and young. She expresses things that people go through on a day to day basis. I could connect with the topics on which she touched. And if anyone has ever loved and loss or loved and won you will  have a deep appreciation for The Miseducation of Lauryn Hill.
6305095574|5.0|I saw Evil Dead when I was 12 years old, and it nearly scared me to death. Now I see it as part comedy, part public service announcement not to read that blasphemous book the Necr...oops! The demons of Sarnath, no Kadar  wouldn't like you watching Evil Dead without playing Call of the Cthulu or  at least watching some troma flicks. If your in to Lovecraft, get this  film!
0800139151|4.0|The Quick and the Dead carries on the idea of western parody, previously set by the Wyatt Earp adventure story, &quot;Tombstone&quot;. If you enjoyed the beforementioned film, then you should love The Quick and the  Dead! The trick is to not take it too seriously as a western. It wasn't  meant to be.
6303998704|5.0|Carnival Souls admittedly is one of those low budget productions, yet the film generates a feeling of anticipation and geniune fright.It's like your actually in the film, and experiencing everything that existentialist Mary  Henry is experiencing.There are also political undertones in this film.If  you read The Stranger by Camus,or any work by Kafka you will like this  film.
B000002B38|5.0|These are all of Pink Floyd's greatest songs, including a lot off of Division Bell.  Each song is 7 minutes long or so, providing for lots of embellishment, unbelievable sound effects that can only come from Pink  Floyd, and glorious instrument solos. The second of the two discs is a full  live version of The Dark Side of the Moon, and it's performed the best way  it ever could be...as true to the original recording as possible in a live  show.  The second CD finishes up with amazing performances of Wish You Were  Here, Comfortably Numb and Run Like Hell. The packaging of the disc alone  is worth the money! This is probably not the only Pink Floyd CD you'll  need, but if you're just getting into their sound, this is the one to have.   Turn it up, sit back and and listen to the best stuff ever put on compact  disc.  It will not let you down!
B00000FCBC|5.0|It's a chame that the best album Mettalica released in 5 years is a cover album , it's really really sad to see what a BAND like them has turned to . This record is perfect , I only think that the Thin Lizzy cover should be  better choosed .Look for the original versions, they deserve all the  credits for this record being what it is , A CLASSIC !!!
6305265488|5.0|I do not understand the PG13 rating given this moive.  It is really an excellent moive for viewers of all ages.  It was beautifully done with an excellent message for everyone.  I can't wait to add this one to my moive  collection.
6301963717|5.0|When I saw the film Miller's Crossing for the first time, I will admit that I didn't really understand the story or the plot. After watching this film about four or five more times, I feel that this film was badly  overlooked by many critics and especially by the American Film Institute's  100 Greatest Films . So many directors have tried to film a unique gangster  film that will achieve it's own place in American film history, only to  fail miserably. Miller's  Crossing is a crowning achievement in  cinematography, screenwriting, and acting. The Coen brothers show their  audience a true side of organized crime in the 1920's. The Godfather is the  greatest mafia movie that was ever made, but Miller's Crossing is the only  film that has ever come close to challenging Francis Ford Coppola's  masterpiece.
6303481272|5.0|This is both the first and the last of great animation. The movie flows with no bumps or stops or any foolish distractions. Fight scenes that boil your blood are freely used with the final battle topping all other before  hand. The is the mesuring stick that all anima should be judged by. But in  fairness you should not do this. Because none even compair to it. This is  not a great film, but &quot;THE GREAT FILM&quot;.
0790731924|5.0|I have the movie on laserdisc but I still had to buy it on DVD.  It is a funny movie with a lot of great action.  Mel Gibson is great in the movie.
0451450523|3.0|ok...I found this book to be incredibly depressing and it failed to capture my imagination at all. Beagle's use of language is one I can respect and maybe even appreciate for what it is, but i just cannot enjoy  it. I never felt the true flow of the story. In fact, there were a lot of  times when i found all the characters to be quite annoying. All in all, I  thought the book was ok. The plot was very imaginative and such, but it  just didn't appeal to me at all. But hey, if anyone wants to talk to me  about this and explain what i may have missed, feel free to e-mail me.
0694515159|5.0|The mainstream people(mutants) focus on the trading zones (Galison) between them and are thus in danger to waste their lives by mutating and reengineering it. The message to those mutants in this great book is: Life  starts when you transcend the trading zone und relate being to being in  view of the necessities of life and the urge to fulfill  it...
B00000DHRZ|5.0|Kay, you know what, someone gave this CD a measly one star on Jan. 10.  They said it was &quot;just a stupid CD.&quot;  Now, am I mistaken, or when you go to the store and buy something off the CD rack, shouldn't you EXPECT  A CD!?!  What a dork.  If they were here I'd &quot;kick his lily a**.&quot;   This isn't comparable to any other CDs I own (except No Doubt).  It's way  better!
0784011796|2.0|I am always trying to support independant filmakers, but...      This film is confusing.  Unnecessarliy confusing. It is not nearly as clever as I feel it is intended to be.      This film is perfect for phony  intellectuals who like to stand out by claiming to love films that are too  obscure and confusing for &quot;average&quot; filmgoers to comprehend.       I must admit, however, that Aronofsky DID do an excellent job with  direction. Yet,I feel that he just tried too hard with this film.  The  viewer leaves &quot;Pi&quot; with a sense that something is truly missing.   The film also tends to bring out emotions of anxiety and rage in the  viewer.       When I was through watching this film, I felt like jumping  out of a window, or attacking somebody.
0767817443|1.0|these guya tried to cash in after the succsess of id4  and made a ugly godzilla bad acting no script no story  and just plain badness  i would give it 0 stars if amazon had the option
6305252521|5.0|I have never enjoyed Jim Carrey movie in my life. Imagine my surprise to find this movie was original, funny, sad and a movie that had me thinking even days after I saw it. Jim Carrey is exceptional and the movie is an  absolute brilliant piece of work. Congratualtions to Jim Carrey, this movie  shows what he is capable of.
0385493622|5.0|Who would ever have thought that a book on mathematics would include tales of death, murder, duels and suicide? I found the book captivating and fun. I highly recommend it.
6304712499|1.0|Only watched the first 30 min. a total waste of time. The clown thing is a bad joke.
6304118406|1.0|This is Oliver Stone's only terrible dud(&quot;The Doors&quot; came close - but no cigar).  What is there to like about this waste?  The film is crude, the acting is terrible, the script is wasteful and overly &quot;in  your face&quot; and the film in general is terribly unpleasant.<br />To anyone  who likes a film - that is a nice cinematic treat with a plot, decent  acting and some sort of entertaining value - then I would not recommend  this garbage.<br />Oliver Stone really screwed up here.  What was he thinking?
6300151379|5.0|oh what i wouldn't do for a copy of that film..
6302136105|2.0|Sure, the average viewer is not likely to turn off the tv from boredom while watching Oliver Stone's &quot;The Doors.&quot;  Yet, the average viewer is not likely to believe that this is a great - nor even rather good  - film, either.<br />What are the film's good or great points?  On the  &quot;great&quot; side is the Doors' music - the classics come alive here  very well.  Though, the glory in reference to the music goes to Morrison  and the Doors, not Stone.  The other great point is Val Kilmer's potrayal  of Morrison - he deserved an oscar nomination(did he get one?).  He was  great. The supporting cast is decent, too - especially Kathy Quinlen.  On  occasion, the film can be entertaining.  The crew's early gigs are  especially fun to see.<br />Yet, on the lousy side, on occassion, Stone probes  so deep into Morrisson's alleged ugly life that the film becomes ugly  itself - so ugly that its stature goes down.  At times, it's almost  unbearable!  Also, the film is highly depressing. The film also suffers  from a lack of a total agenda.  At one moment we see the band's sexual  excesses.  At another moment we see the band's drug excesses.  At another  we see Morrisson's strange religious side.  At another we see Morrisson's  strange alcoholic binge, or his stomach overkill, etc. etc.  Also  disapointing is Meg Ryan.  She does very little for the movie. Her  character is walked upon and she did not stand up for herself!<br />Why did  Stone even make this film?  Why uplift such a rather ugly and raunchy  character such as this?  What does this give to us as a society except  knowing that such a scum bag(with all due respect...)existed?  Sure, he was  a genius in many ways - yet - he is not a good movie character. Nobody  cares!<br />All in all, &quot;The Doors&quot; is nto your typical Oliver Stone  movie - it's not really good.  I'd recommend it to Doors fans, and to those  who enjoy Stone's usual crazy movie antics.  But to others, I'd recommnend  that they simplybuy the soundtrack and enjoy the classics.
B000002U82|5.0|Dark Side of the Moon is one of the most incredible CD's i have ever listened to.  It takes you somewhere else and moves every part of your body there bit by bit.  The amazing work in &quot;Us and Them&quot; and  &quot;Time&quot;  build the experience up and up until the amazing ending  with Eclipse.  The lyrics are so perfectly fitting, this CD is more an  experience than just voices and instruments.
B000005QH3|4.0|Vanishing Point!  Not many videos get better with age, and with every viewing, as this classic!  The story of a troubled man, with the turbo charged Challenger stealing each scene.  Philosophically, a race, initially  of time and distance, but ultimately of the man, his past, and the car,  with all finishing in a dead heat!
0684874350|1.0|Looking at the endless series of 5 out of 5 star reviews makes me think this world is doomed.<br />Everyone deserves a chance to earn a few dollars....<br />Now the author of this book has had his, let's leave it at  that.  The man has passed the hat and wants for nothing; in fact, he still  has his day job.<br />A hollow echo of Irish life that harkens back more to  Darby O Gill and the Little People than to anything real. The dialog is  hollow and inane, the story line serves up one cliched scene after another.  A thorough waste of time. No stars, not even a barren asteroid.<br />Forget  this book.
0451191153|1.0|If you liked the celestine prophesy, you'll like this.... take that as you will and refer back to number of stars.   same dogma thinly veiled by &quot;plot&quot; and &quot;characterization.&quot;
6305205620|4.0|While I generally loathe live music concerts captured on video, this particular endeavor from the ever famous San Francisco quartet delivers more than expected. Being the consumate 'Tallica Head that I am, my opinion  is biased, however, this DVD is almost perfect. The sound is incredible in  digital stereo, the picture is sharper than anything you will see on VHS,  and the flexibility of the DVD media allows you to stop or start the  concert at any point you wish.  The only complaint I have is that the  touted &quot;extra features&quot; were not quite &quot;extra&quot; in  Metallica Terms. This DVD would probably have been much better if it wasn't  being rushed for the Holidays.  Less emphasis on proper marketing, and more  emphasis on quality is not something one expects from Metallica, but this  DVD does show some evidence of corporate greed.
6304913176|5.0|Starship Troopers will only make sense if the viewer is familiar with American/German propaganda  before and during the Second World War. Starship Troopers is a brilliant &quot;documentary&quot; of the war machine  process. The viewer joins the ranks of high school children being turned  into soldiers for the state(pay close attention to the outstanding eyes and  facial expressions of Dizzy - Dina Meyer - forgive her for her last line of  dialogue with Caspar VanDiem).  Starship Troopers is a beautiful execution  of a world in which Heinlein's political philosophy is put into practice. I  advise the viewer to romp around Amazon.com to obtain Riefenstahl's Triumph  of the Will(1938), Warner Brother's Wartime Cartoons(1993), Disney's  Victory Thru Airpower(1943), Verhoeven's Soldiers of Orange and read Joe  Haldeman's Forever War and Heinlein's book to understand the depth  Verhoeven's powerful  essay on the uses and abuses of propaganda.  An  important film that will not be understood by those who take it either too  seriously - not seriously enough.
0385486804|5.0|As the mother of sons and a writer for whom reading is the greatest pleasure, I found &quot;Into the Wild&quot; to be one of the finest and most unexpectedly beautiful books I have read in a very long time.  <br />It  is the harrowing story of the death and short life of Chris McCandless, a  bright, charming, adventurous young man whose mysterious travels and  untimely death left a legacy of heartbreak and confusion to those who loved  him.  <br />In returning to the scene of his own admittedly incomplete  reportage of the story for :&quot;Outside&quot; magazine, Jon Krakauer  reveals his own honesty and decency as a writer and a man.  <br />The book  is  as beautifully written as it is fascinating.  Krakauer and his readers come  to know Chris McCandless as our own youthful hopes made flesh.  We also  come to know this boy -- and love him -- as everyone's son, perhaps even  our own.  <br />Late in his troubled adolescence, Chris set out into the  American &quot;wilderness&quot; on a journey to adulthood.  He did not  return.<br />He didn't return, that is, until Krakauer, who recognized in this  story aspects of his own difficult youth, embarked on an odyssey of his own  in  McCandless' footsteps. .   <br />With almost unbearable detail he pieces  together the last year of this young man's life and derives from it a  compelling pilgrim's tale of anger, fear and courage.   Through those who  knew him during his &quot;lost&quot; days, we move from dissatisfaction and  yearning to spiritual rebirth that arrives gratefully, but late and despite  terrible twists of fate<br />.Chris McCandless tunneled through Peer Gynt's  mountain, punted across the Slough of Despond and into the dark and icy  forest.  He received boons and encountered spirit guides; listened and  learned from scouts and story-tellers   All of them later helped the auther  piece together the real story, heretofore untold,  of a boy who found  himself and death in the same process and in the same place.Free at last,  he quietly, and even joyously, welcomed the arrival of both with valor and  uncommon grace.
B000006AXJ|5.0|Next to Goodfellas, this is the best, most accurate Mafia portrayal I have ever seen.  Al Pacino, Johnny Depp, Michael Madsen, James Russo, Anne Heche and Bruno Kirby worked very well together, and could not have done any  better.  I even started to believe that Johnny Depp was really one of them.   This is the kind of movie you will want to watch more than once.  Buy It  now!  You won't regret it!
0316152196|5.0|What can I tell you this is simply the book to read and to buy. Don't wait for the paperback.Mr. Connelly is not afraid to rip the bandage off and expose whats really happening in the police force.This is not abook you  won't want to miss.I'm not breaking your shoes on this one folk's.
B0000041Q3|4.0|This recording deserves the acclaim that it has received because the singing (with the possible exception of Sutherland in the title role -- a little more fire would have been welcome) is superb. Likewise, Mehta leads  the company in some compelling moments; Act I probably never has been done  better. However, in spite of this recording's excellent features, there are  times when I can't help being a little skeptical. What's missing? I think  the word is &quot;humility.&quot; One comes away from it thinking about how  wonderful the performers are, and then remembers, &quot;Oh yes, Puccini was  rather good too.&quot;
0425152251|3.0|Billed as a novel, this book is much more didactic than I had expected.  The first third or so moves slowly, with little story stringing the philosophy lessons together.  The book improves as a mystery unfolds.  The  mystery is solved long before the end of the book, however, after which the  story becomes more and more absurd.
B000006N61|5.0|If you don't have Mad Max already, get it. When you do, see it for the fun, the violence, Mel - and then see it for the story construction. Mad Max is a classical and elegent heroic epic. The film is actually three  films. The first focuses on the fall of Goose, Mad Max's foil. The second  is the fall of Mad Max, from family man to rogue samari. The third is Mad  Max's revenge. Road Warrior is good, but not as carefully constructed.  However, Mad Max: Beyond the Thunderdome is a wonderful addition to the  triology because it is essentially a modern retelling of Exodus. Mad Max is  a type of Moses who leads the children to the promise land(Sydney) from the  hands of &quot;ignorance&quot; and brutality &quot;Romans/Egyptians&quot;.  This is a film of Mad Max's redemption.
B000000OTU|5.0|Every song on this CD are great.My favorites are Eat the Rich,Livin' on the Edge,and  Dude (Looks like a lady).I have other Aerosmith CD's,such as Nine Lives,Pandora's Box,and I have The Armageddon Soundtrack.Big Ones is  not the best of these,but it is still one of my favorites!
6304258984|5.0|This is without a doubt my favorite movie.  It has made Good Fellas my 2nd Favorite.  Sean Connery, Nicholas Cage, and Ed Harris all did an excellent job!  The action and irony are right on time.  Needless to say, I give this  movie top marks!
B0000041TD|3.0|With a more appropriate conductor, this could have been a 5-star proposition, particularly given Freni's and Pavarotti's idiomatic singing. Unfortunately, Karajan's selfish concern for shaping exquisite orchestral  timbres is at odds with the forward motion of the score. At times, the  action comes to life, but for the most part, this &quot;Boheme&quot; has  more in common with an oratorio than with an opera.  Raymond Tuttle
B000002KE2|5.0|This album, in my opinion, is the best of the first four BS albums. Showcasing classics like &quot;Supernaut&quot; and &quot;Under the Sun&quot;, Iommi &amp; Co. stayed true to their traditional powerhouse  style. In addition to this, they moved into uncharted territory with  &quot;Changes&quot; and the hauntingly beautiful &quot;Laguna  Sunrise&quot;. The center-piece of the album, &quot;Snowblind&quot;, is the  true standout here. I may be crazy, but when Ozzy sings &quot;My eyes are  blind but I can see...&quot; it reminds me of Enya's &quot;Caribbean  Blue&quot;. This proves the enormous impact BS has had on modern music. The  only song that doesn't quite get the job done is &quot;St. Vitus'  Dance&quot; and &quot;FX&quot; is just a filler. Other than that, this is  an excelent album, start to finish. If you're going to get just one of the  &quot;Ozzy-Sabbath&quot; albums, this would be the one to get.
6304493738|5.0|This has got to be one of the most amazing movies I have ever seen.  I work at a video store and anytime the customer asks for suggestions, this is the first one that comes to mind.  The one movie that lets you think you  know everything, and then laughs at you when you find out you had no idea.
630463949X|5.0|A WONDERFUL COLLECTION OF TIMELESS CLASSICS AS WELL AS SOME GREST NEW STUFF. A MUST HAVE FOR ANYONES VIDEO COLLECTION.
0767802659|5.0|After reading the other reviews, I'm left with this opinion:  A lot of people don't know how to review a DVD.  You don't read this section to get a review of the MOVIE, you read this section to get a review of the DVD.   If the movie rates 1 star, you don't give DVD 1 star because of that. Now  for Starship Troopers.  I saw this at the theater, and I liked it somewhat.   It was action packed, and had nice one-liners and some humorous moments.   If the DVD just had the movie, I would not have purchased it.  But it has  SOO much more!  It has the FULL movie on the flip-side with the directors  opinion of EVERY part of the movie.  It also has scenes that didn't make  the final production, which I felt made the entire Starship Trooper  experience complete.  This is the type of movie you can throw in when  you're not doing anything and just watch.  Get this DVD if you thought the  movie was even SOMEWHAT interesting.
6305252521|5.0|The Truman Show was such a witty and clever movie.  The parts in the movie were so well put together that sometimes you actually thought that you were watching a movie or a TV show.  I also thought that Jim Carey did an  excellent job in it.  It was a nice contrast from some of his other movies.   I think he was the perfect guy for the part.  This is the reason I gave  The Truman Show 5 stars.  It truly deserved it.
1558216340|5.0|I found this book an unbelievable account of human endurance and will to live.  This book gives an inspirational and quite unbelievable account of a group of persons who escape from a Siberian prison camp during WWII.  They  literally walk to India covering the Gobi desert and the Himmilayas.  It is  an unbelievable account of what people will endure to obtain their freedom  and life.  <br />This book is also another insight into the horrible  implications of WWII and Nazi agression that lead to all this. Russian  parania and fasist behaviour was also a major force for evil during this  period.<br />This story was so powerful and well written that both my wife and  I kept asking whether this was really true?  Could anyone live through what  is claimed?  This account is beyond anthing I have ever read of survival  and the determination to live.<br />I would be very grateful to hear anthing  more of this episode.
0767811038|1.0|While I am a sci-fi fan and this movie did have scenes and lines I couldn't help but get caught-up in, overall though I found it disgusting.  I can see how a story such as this could be written 40 years ago, what I  can't see is why anyone would want to make a movie of it today.  It is a  truly depressing view of what the human race could become.  I'll stick to  Star Trek.
0800128052|5.0|Excellent movie - one of my alltime favorites. The ultimate story of overcoming against all odds. Inspiring!
0783225970|5.0|This remake of the 1932 classic has become a virtual synonym for over-the-top violence, profanity and amorality.  This reputation is not entirely undeserved.  Still, those who see only the mahyem are missing a  sad, gripping, and dead-on-the-money tale of ambition and hubris.  Pacino  is at his absolute best, and is supported by a phenomenal cast. You  probably won't find parts of this movie easy to watch (the  chainsaw-in-the-shower scene is as much a part of movie folklore as  &quot;Here's lookin' at you, Kid), but it's a work of genius for both  director DePalma and much of the cast.
6302424887|4.0|Roman Polanski's notoriously violent film of Shakespeare's notorious &quot;Scottish play&quot; doesn't quite satisfy as it should.  His bleak modernist interpretation is ultimately just too limiting, still it's  certainly a bruvura piece of moviemaking and can be best appreciated as  such.  After all, this is not really Shakespeare per se but a Polanski  film: the prevailing themes of witchcraft, rampant paranoia, and finally  triumphant evil pick up right where &quot;Rosemary's Baby&quot; left off.   And life is certainly nasty, brutish, and short in this  movie--Shakespeare's poetry takes a backseat to a surfeit of excruciatingly  detailed mutilations with plenty of blades slashing through jugular veins,  culminating in a truly epic decapitation. This &quot;Macbeth&quot; is a  relentless homicidal debauch: Polanski displays the same technical  virtuosity and gruesome inventiveness in staging the numerous murders here  as he did in &quot;Repulsion.&quot;  All of Shakespeare's famous metaphors  (e.g., &quot;is this a dagger I see before me?&quot;) are garishly  literalized and deliberately engineered as part of an escalating series of  spectacular, cathartic, bloodier-than-hell set-pieces.  Visually, the film  is rich and vivid: the forbidding images of rain-swept moors and twilit  horizons possess a spellbinding primeval quality.  And there are a few  brilliant, inspired moments such as when our murderous Scot, whilst lying  in his bed-chamber, broods &quot;I am so stepped in blood...&quot; and the  whole room is bathed in an eerie crimson light.  But the scene that truly  stands out is when he visits the witches in their lair and is shown his  fate: it's a gorgeous, thrilling, and strikingly imaginative surrealist  reverie.  The actors--nearly all British stage pros--are solid and  reliable.  As Macbeth, morose, dark-eyed Jon Finch is really quite  good--and he certainly does have the diction for the role.  But Francesca  Annis's sickly nymphet Lady Macbeth is a glaring (and oh-so-characteristic)  lapse in judgement on the director's part.  Weak-voiced, pasty-faced, and  generally irritating, this petulant little urchin has neither the skill nor  the presence to adequately bring off one of Shakespeare's most formidable  women.  Annis's feeble performance renders the basic psychological premise  of the play--Lady Macbeth's manipulation of her husband to fulfill her  delusions of grandeur--unconvincing to say the least.  Finch just looks  uncomfortably stricken while Annis acts coy and childish.  All in all,  Polanski's &quot;Macbeth&quot; is a decidedly thorny piece of work: since  it was his first film following the murder of his pregnant wife Sharon Tate  and friends by members of the Charles Manson cult, he seems to have had too  much to prove here.  By dispensing with the Bard's customary knot-tying   closing speech and ending instead with an abrupt silent scene suggesting  basically that the cycle of treachery and murder will spiral forever  through the ages, Polanski overstates his case.
6303011012|5.0|Live at the Acropolis is a visual and audeo feast.The musicians are the best in the field. The fussion of classical and new age is fantastic.
0783226063|5.0|As most people are aware dune would of the number one science fiction film if it wasn't for the star wars series. I must admit that I've enjoyed watching this time and time again and have several  versions, unforunatley  all my versions suffer from  the same problem (inc DVD release which states  to be the full version) and that is they have large parts from the book  missing that can leave you confused. The one thing that I noticed is the  two children that are in the room when Paul destroys the stone obelisk in  the room with the fremen, these are the things that confused me until I had  read the book and found out how much the film had left out. However if you  are not into reading then the only way you can see the full version is to  purchase the japanese laserdisc (which is very expensive!), although I do  not wish to put anyone off buying this film because it is a very enjoyable  film and every film buff should have it in their collection, I would like  people to know that it is not the full version.<br />Yours Sincerley<br />Steve  Horton  England
0782008372|5.0|The DVD itself was fascinating to go through due to the still that were stored in single frames.  My DVD player handled single frames and I was able to read the screenplay as well as all the revisions, reviews and etc.   One disappointment was the Video quality of many scenes was some of the  worst I've seen on DVD and yet other scenes were great.  I'm using a  Pioneer DV05 which is supposed to make up for poor DVD's but somehow it  couldn't fix this one.  I hope that this was just a case of one bad DVD.   Movie was great but DVD video quality was not, but the sound allmost made  up for it.
0670880728|5.0|I had a hard time putting it down.  Always another laugh in the next paragraph.  I work with three 30ish girls just like this.  It is so very realistic, they are asked some pretty outreagous questions.  They do diet,  try to quit or cut down on smoking, search for a man and they all own the  very short black skirt.  One of the &quot;girls&quot; read the book and  told me how much she enjoyed it so I had to have it too.  What a fun and  fast read I recommend it to all who enjoy a good laugh.  You will also find  some of your friends and experiences in this delightful comedy.  My thanks  to the author.
B0000027D5|5.0|Lotus is a reissue of the  CBS album from 1973.this reprint is not in stereo but SQ quadraphonic. and the QUAD is loud and clear.thats 4 channels for all you newbees..
B00000DCER|4.0|This CD is one of my favorites, cuts with Raitt, Clapton and Santana are over and over listens. I  buy &quot;with friends&quot; selections with some trepidation but this one is worth the money.
0792153189|4.0|If you are debating whether to watch Armageddon or Deep Impact, watch Deep Impact. If you are at all concerned with realism and believability this is the one to choose.
B00000DHRX|5.0|What can I tell about his music, lyrics and voice that haven't been told.... Hes just OUTSTANDING....!!!!  He is the inspiration and love in every moment... I fell in love with him and I will love him all my life ,  eventhough ... HE IS DEFINETELY THE ONE AND ONLY...!!! GEORGE: Keep on  going... people loves you 4 ever...!!!!
0517543052|5.0|The archetypal bridge between the psychedelic experience and Eastern Mysticism.     If you've tasted          &quot;the One&quot;, or wish to do so, read this book.  Gone, Gone, Gone Beyond. Gone Beyond Beyond.  Hail the  Goer!
B000006I14|5.0|What can I say?  Max Schreck's performance as the title character is so powerful, it has seeped its way into the works of Spielberg, Coppola, and popular culture at large.  A fabulous film.  The years have not tainted it  nor reduced its shock and horror value.  Watch it.  For your own good.  I  dare you.
6302000823|5.0|join life at it's profound sources ! See this movie. Wherever in this world you might life, whatever your culture might be, join the great sensations of life by seeing and enjoying this movie. Buy the sound track  CD and whenever you're down, listen to the beatiful music of Enrico  Moricone and you'll remember that life is wonderful when you get back to  it's roots, it's sensations and profound sources...
1568496974|5.0|I've read &quot;The Thorn Birds&quot; many times, and as I've matured I appreciate McCollough's reflections on God much more than the romantic aspect.  We Americans are a notoriously parochial bunch, but in reading, I  found that we and Aussies have much in common: we are bold and heavily of  Irish descent to name a few.  I think Americans and Aussies have taken all  of the good qualities of the British and maxed most of the bad ones.<br />   Although many think that Ralph was a wonderful man, I think he one of the  two-faced charmers that Ireland produces in abundance.  I think that he  emotionally took advantage of Meggie's loneliness when she was a little  girl to combat his own loneliness.  Considering his wit, charm and stunning  looks, coupled with the fact that she saw almost no one outside the family,  Ralph would have had to have been a moron not to expect that she wouldn't  fall for him.  But he didn't want to face up to what he'd done.  He'd have  been a jerk even if he hadn't swindled the Clearys out of their  inheritance.  While he is still a character deserving of sympathy, he's  also shamelessly self-interested and I think that Richard Chaimberlain  didn't capture that quality.  He was also a disgrace to the priesthood  since he was far more interested in moving up in the Church than in serving  God.  I'm not religious, but I think that every profession has a code of  ethics.  Even if Ralph hadn't broken all his vows, he would have still  conducted himself unethically.  The highly-touted mini-series was basically  a bodice-ripper and is light-years away from the book.
6305212139|5.0|I bought this video the first day it came out in the store, and I'm glad I did!!  This is without a doubt the Spice Girl's best concert video.  I am a very diverse music fan, but I only follow 2 groups: Pink Floyd and the  SPICE GIRLS, There is just something about this video that glues me to the  TV EVERY time I watch it.  So a message to all spice fan's:  BUY IT NOW!!!!   By the way, Emma is a MAJOR BABE!!
6304936362|3.0|When this movie premiered in 1990 I went to see it with my Uncle who was a Flight Engineer/Gunner with a B-24 Wing in England 1944-45.    It looked like it would have good production values (it did) and a good story (it  didn't).  My uncle hated it!  He said that there were way too many absurd  moments in this movie for him to take it seriously.  He enjoyed the  documentary &quot;Memphis Belle&quot; much more and he ranks &quot;12  O'Clock High&quot; as king of the WW-II flying movies.  I agree with him!  <br />If you get this DVD use the chapter stops -- go to the flying sequences  and combat scenes -- crank up your surround sound and enjoy.  Skip the  rest!
B000002LVB|5.0|Lou Reed and the Velvet Undergound ended their recording career with a bang!! By saying they saved the bestfor last is an understatement. If you have the first VU album, then you must own this one. Classics  like&quot;Sweet Jane&quot; and &quot;Rock And Roll&quot; arejust two of the  monster songs on this album. Anyone who calls themselves a collector of  rock music must have this in their collection. Simply indespensible!!!
0609603086|1.0|What trash this is!<br />You might expect this of Ludlum, but of Follett?<br />I don't know who phoned this is for Mr. Follett, but he needs to write his own story next time.  His readers deserve better!
6304666799|5.0|This Swan Lake is a strange and wonderful amalgam of dance and theatre that is immediately accessible and affecting in a way that classical ballet is usually not.  Scott Ambler as the prince and Adam Cooper as an intense  and magical swan provide both heat and tenderness, comedy and heartbreak,  all without saying a word.  The Tchaikovsky score can be heard and  appreciated with new ears in this re-imagining of a classic that will srike  a chord in every heart.
6305232660|4.0|In March 12 1998, front pages across the nation and around the world contain a report from Brian Marsden of the International Astronomical Union in Cambridge, Massachusetts, who estimated a mile-wide asteroid was heading  toward Earth and expected to come startingly close to our planet on October  26, 2028. The report was quickly revised after further calculation that  asteroid XF11 will come within only 600,000 miles of Earth, beyond the  distance of the moon. Hollywood, gearing up to release two Earth-smashing  movies for the summer, couldn't hope for a better publicity stunt. But  considering research shows that every 10 million years, an asteroid or  comet has impacted Earth that drastically altered life on the planet, the  question is not if but when the next one will head directly our way, and  when it does, what can we do about it.<br />A $75 million collaboration  between DreamWorks and Paramount, that premise is explored in the  cataclysmic movie Deep Impact. Directed by TV veteran, Mimi Leder, whose  previous work was the directorial debut of The Peacemaker, the story is  grounded more in the human relationships and reactions when faced with  catastrophe and demise. Anyone who is looking for special effects  extravaganza and testosterone actions will be better served with  Bruckheimer's Armageddon, the other Earth-smashing movie of the same year.  Not that the special effects in Deep Impact are any less spectacular, it is  used with restrain and the result is much more devastating and profound.  While there are numerous subplots, the script by Bruce Joel Rubin and  Michael Tolkin focuses mainly on two families: ambitious reporter Jenny  Lerner (Tea Leoni) and high school astronomer Leo Beiderman (Elijah Wood).  Both characters are well developed enough for us to share in their initial  panic, grieve, courage, and hope for survival.<br />For a summer movie, Deep  Impact is surprisingly unflinching in its depiction of doomsday  destruction.  There are no bravado heroes riding in at the last minute to  save the day, any attempts to successfully destroy the comet was met with  failure. Rather, people are face with what matters to them most and  sacrifices are made for the betterment of mankind. As the comet, or should  I say part of the comet, impacted the ocean, huge tidal wave swept inland  and taking with it lives and cities. It is difficult to keep a dry eye when  Jenny stood at the beach, holding tight to her father and say  &quot;Daddy...&quot; before they are swept away, but then we also rejoice  with those that survived and hope we will never have to face such  scenario.<br />Distributed by Paramount, the dual-layer DVD boasts a superb  transfer. Shot in Super 35, the film is presented in its theatrical ratio  of 2.35:1, 16x9 enhancement is not offered and pan and scan would severely  limit the effect of the destruction. Images are amazingly sharp and  detailed, such as during the landing on the coma, I can clearly see the  fine particles, debris and gases emitting away from the surface. Shadow  details on space and interior are clearly defined and blacks are superbly  deep. Colors are vivid and vibrant, and fleshtones are naturally rendered.  Digital artifacts are limited to few jaggedness on edges. The bulk of the  special effects were done by Industrial Light &amp; Magic and for the most  parts look very impressive. The comet impact calls for the CG artists to  render some incredible imageries of biblical destruction. Some of the  memorable sequences include the comet streaking over the ocean, the  receding tide on the beach, and then of course, the enormous wave smashing  through the east coast. The science of the movie is also believable,  especially the microgravity effect experience by the astronauts and the  geysers cause by the sun on the coma.<br />Deep Impact might not be last  year's loudest movie, Godzilla and Armageddon are battling that out for the  title, however, the Dolby Digital 5.1 soundtrackon the DVD creates for a  very realistic environment. The discrete effects are expertly mixed for  full envelopment of large crowd scenes and helicopters swirling overhead.  Imaging and panning are superbly projected on the shuttle's approach to the  comet with realistic debris flying from the front to rear channels. The  vibration and shake are so violent that I have to brace for the shuttle not  to fall apart. The bass is no pushover either, as during the shuttle's  blast off, detonation, and tidal wave, I have to grip the sofa, sit back  and feel the force. The score soundtrack by James Horner is rich in  fidelity and well integrated. As the follow-up to the Oscar winning score  in Titanic, I must admit that as a stand alone album, Deep Impact was a  letdown. A reason is the lack of recurring theme and the score in general  is quiet and somber. But after experiencing it with the film, Horner  demonstrated to me once again why he might just be the best among today's  composers. During the sad and emotional stages of the film, Horner's cues  never overstate the obvious. His orchestration subtlely supports the actors  and did not overpower their performances. The score is not one of his most  original, but it is very effective in the movie.<br />While Armageddon is  louder and more extravagance, Deep Impact leaves a more lasting mark. The  DVD  includes two widescreen theatrical trailers.
6300248550|5.0|I first read Jane Eyre when I was 12 years old, and have re-read it many times throughout the years. This video version not only maintains much of the dialogue from the novel, but includes several scenes that must have  been staged to reflect the illustrations in the volume I remember. What I  saw in my head as I read is on screen, and it's a joy to watch. Dalton is  mercurial as Rochester, coldly cruel one moment, cautiously vulnerable the  next. He delivers the most convoluted of Bronte's dialogue with convincing  passion. Zelah Clarke is wonderful as the indomitable Jane. For anyone who  loved the book, this is THE movie version. None of the others even come  close.
0440459850|4.0|Polyanna's optimism is not &quot;imbalanced&quot; - she does nothing more than try to find a silver lining behind every dark cloud. The very point is that life is full of  inequities. Its all too easy to feel bad; certainly everyone has problems,  and some people have real reasons to be miserable. Regardless of one's  situation, one can feel better by finding the good points, even if they are  contrived, rather than dwelling on the bad points. Improving your own  outlook directly affects quality of life, including that of those around  you. I'd say Pollyanna is rather more balanced than most people, because  she does not allow herself to indulge in self-pity and depression so much  as others might. Its an important lesson about coping with life in general.
630518299X|5.0|I was kind of skeptical at first when I heard that Jim Carrey, the king of box office silliness, wanted to do a cross-over drama a la Robin Williams. Then I went to see the movie in the theater and I was mesmerized! Jim  Carrey did a wonderful job as the naive and lovable Truman Burbank who  slowly begins to realize that everything and everyone around him is a lie.  His whole life is brodcast 24 hours a day to the whole world and everyone  knows it except Truman. Ed Harris is also great as the creator of &quot;The  Truman Show&quot; who gets a little carried away with his creation. Carrey  proves that he is an actor as well as movie star. Don't miss it!
0156421178|5.0|In pithy prose Orwell seamlessly describes frontline warfare in oftentimes humorous detail. This is an excellant read.
0395860210|1.0|This book was a total waste of time.  It was hard to tell whether this guy was daydreaming or something was really happening.  I read it to the bitter end, thinking there had to be some point - but I was wrong.  What a sad,  sad story and what a total waste of time.
6304366086|5.0|When I was growing up, I fantasized about being a Gran Prix driver. This film put me in that F1 Cockpit. I love the characters, the story lines, and drama. It was truly one of the most well rounded films I have ever seen.  Five Stars!
B000001FS3|5.0|U2 reached their peak in 1987 with The Joshua Tree.  The album is a masterpiece for many reasons.  More then just the songs, it's the way the songs blend together into a true album, the way most 5 star albums do.  The  opening track, &quot;Where the Streets Have no Name&quot;, sums up the  album in one song.  Layered keyboards, mysterious guitars, deep vocals,  songs that make you think.  Also, this is just another example of a  timeless classic, it sounds like nothing else from 1987 and nothing else  like anything from anytime.  In twenty years I will play this for my  children and they wont know that it's 30 years old.  That, to me, is the  definition of music at it's best. BUY IT!
6301902645|5.0|This movie has it all. This movie does a better job than Gran Prix in revealing the true roller coaster of emotions that a driver goes through as he fights fatique and mechanical complications during one of the most  grueling endurance races on earth. Steve McQueen's character is complex,  and only Steve could have pulled this one off (for only Steve at the time  was as well reknowned in the acting business as a first class auto racer).  Only Gran Prix one ups this film, simply from the complexity of portraying  an entire season, vice an entire race.
B00000099Y|5.0|&quot;Aenima&quot; is without question one of the most important, powerful and astonishing aural experiences I have ever encountered. I'm 38 yrs old and a long time music fan, and I own many &quot;landmark&quot; albums- Dark  side of the moon, the white album, are you experienced, sticky fingers,etc  etc, but none of these really can affect me, listen after listen, the way  Aenima can. The purity and intelligence contained in this music is  unparalleled. If I get stuck on a desert island, this is the album I hope  to have with me. If your music collection does not contain &quot;Aenima',  then your collection is incomplete. An absolute must-have. Bleak,  brilliant, and stunning.
1564029654|5.0|This is one of those &quot;special&quot; books that you won't mind reading to your little one over and over again.  I find that a great children's book is a lot like a great children's movie; both the parent and the child  enjoy it yet at different levels.  Such a tender story of a little one's  fear that their parent won't come home.  However, the beautiful and  touching illustrations almost steal the show!  You can see the worry in the  little owl's eyes and hear little Bill's anxious &quot;I want my  Mommy!&quot; My two year old daughter loves the part when it's  &quot;dark&quot; outside because the artwork truly conveys the dark; but  not in a scary way!  I loved when the oldest owl, Sarah, suggests that they  all sit on her limb together. My favorite illustration is when the mother  owl returns and the 3 little fluffy baby owls are jumping up and down.  You'll snuggle a little closer to your child when you read this one  together.  Just the sweetest little book you and your special one will ever  read!
B00000DLUV|5.0|We watched the HBO special (taped it also) and have enjoyed it so much.  We're looking forward to the DVD which should provide the ultimate in sound reproduction on our home theater system.  Thanks, Bee Gees, for doing this.   Our 11 and 12 year old grandsons are also fans now.
B00000099Y|5.0|After reading through the other reviews, I must say I'm impressed.  Tool really does appeal to a great variety of people.  I can remember when I first bought &quot;Undertow&quot;, it was totally unlike anything else I  owned at that time.  It brought me into a whole new genre of music.  And  &quot;Aenima&quot; is keeping me there, quite solidly.  They have departed  a bit from &quot;Undertow&quot;, but in a forward direction.  The music is  much more....complete, in my opinion.  It sounds much more rounded.  The  lyrics have lost nothing, either.  They are just as powerful and  thought-provoking as ever.  When listening to it, you just get the urge to  sing and scream right along with the it.  I personally, however, just  cannot do any of the songs justice.  They are definitely meant to be sung  by James Maynard Keenan.  Powerful lyrics demand a powerful voice,  and he supplies it.  It's very difficult to pick a favorite song off of the album.   I realize that &quot;Aenima&quot; has been glorified on EmptyV, but that  doesn't necessarily make it bad.  I love the message that it brings.  And for anyone  out there who doesn't already know, &quot;Die Eier Von Satan&quot; (I think  I spelled that right) is the recipe for Mexican Wedding Cookies, in German.   How often does the phrase &quot;and no eggs&quot; sound so sinister?   &quot;Pushit&quot; is likely to catch the attention of many, as I think the  message it tells is unfortunately a rather common one.  Basically, there is  not a bad song on the disc.  Buy it today.  Remember, they sold their souls  to make this record, so make it worth their while!  5 out of 5.
B00000G3PA|3.0|Once again we have mindlessness and inconsistencies along with some so-so acting but the moments when the sparsely blond Will Patton is on screen something electric happens. Patton does the smaller, interesting roles in  many movies. You may not know his name but whatever he does is quality.
6305263248|5.0|If you like the type of loosely-scripted, special-effects reliant, grossly over-budgeted action films that Hollywood likes to put out, then go rent a copy of &quot;Godzilla.&quot;<br />Ronin, truly one of the best movies of the  year, delivers fantastic action scenes, a superb cast, beautiful European  settings, and a slick, suspenseful storyline that keeps you thinking and  guessing until the final reel.
B00000ADG2|5.0|L-Boogie proved that she can handle the mic as either a rapper or singer and her lyrics are profound like Maya Angelou's poetry.  The song &quot;Miseducation of Lauren Hill&quot; is my favorite because it tells us  to look within ourselves to find God within.  And thanks for the inclusion  of Carlos Santana on &quot;For Zion&quot;. He is wonderful.  Thanks for  opening fans of Hip Hop to another musical experience besides sampling  other folks music.
B000002U82|5.0|The Dark Side of the Moon is the definitive Pink Floyd album, aside from, the Wall. Absolutely spell-binding in every sense, it has it all. For any collector of music, this one has left its mark for all time. I have seen  this cd in used cd stores and wonder why anyone would ever give it up. This  is one of the few albums which truly reaches the outer limits of musical  exploration.Roger Waters and David Gilmour made great music, and this is  the album which launched Pink Floyd into the stratosphere as pioneers of  brilliance.
6305265488|5.0|I love this movie. It's an interesting spin on Cinderella. It is the best movie ever! It's a great movie!
B00000DF6O|5.0|If you buy one blues album this should be it.  Enough said
B00000F1D3|4.0|Totally different sound for Cher but every song is upbeat and fun.  I found myself dancing around remembering the old disco sound.  I love Cher's voice and if you love Cher too then you will love this CD!
6304056958|5.0|I have looked for this movie for a long time.  It is the best &quot;chick flick&quot; I have ever seen.
B000000WFF|4.0|They are not the best group in the world, but they are okay on my list
6303020089|5.0|This movie is the ultimate popcorn movie. Ford and Jones are two big time actors who really deliver in this movie. This is the greatest chase movie ever made.
B00000DGUG|5.0|Whodathunk?  I never imagined that Alanis (my goddess of music) could pull off an album that could live up to her previous masterpiece. TRUST ME PEOPLE!!!  SFIJ truly lives up to  Jagged Little Pill.  There is a  wonderful  balance of peaceful ballads, anti-religion rage, and semi-pop  melodies to make you wanna float.  I can't recommend a better buy than this  sophomore effort from Alanis that beats anything else that's out there!
B000002KB8|5.0|This is what rock n roll is all about. Explosive guitar, hard rythem, the beat and that voice. You gotta love it! These guys with this album raised the bar that few have equalled. If your a purest, you have to have this. I  once had a bumper sticker on my car in 1974 that said &quot; I'm possessed  by Black Sabbath&quot;. Get this album (CD) and you will be too.
B000002JSP|4.0|LED-ZEPPELIN HAS NEVER MADE A BAD ALBUM, AND IN THROUGH THE OUT DOOR IS NO EXCEPTION.<br />YOU CAN CALL THEM CYNICAL, YOU CAN CALL THEM WHIMPY , YOU CAN CALL THEM STUPID, YOU CAN CALL THEM GRIMPY. JUST DON'T CALL THEM LATE FOR  BREAKFAST, BECAUSE THESE GUYS BRING HOME THE BACON EVERY TIME.<br />ALTHOUGH  THIS CD IS DIFFERENT FROM THE LED-ZEP STANDARD ORIENTATION IT DELIVER GREAT  SONGS AND GOOD PLAYING.DESPITE THAT THERE IS MORE EMPHASIS ON THE KEYBOARDS  SOUNDS,THE BAND FORMULA REMAINS THE SAME.<br />FOR ME THIS ALBUM REMIND ME  GOOD MEMORIES, &quot;IN THE EVENING&quot; &quot;ALL MY LOVE&quot; &quot;I'M  GONNA CRAWL&quot; STILL BLOW MY MIND AFTER 15 YEARS OF LISTENING.<br />GO  AHEAD BUY IT, AND ENJOY!
6304196938|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies.  I have seen it about a dozen times and it only gets better each time.  Watch the little boy cover his ears in the background in the scene where Eva Marie Saint &quot;shoots&quot; Cary  Grant.  This is a must see movie if there ever was one!
B000002KXO|3.0|\\"Mirage\\" was Fleetwood Mac's attempt to get back into the \\"Rumours\\" groove after the excellent but commercially disappointing \\"Tusk\\" album. After \\"Tusk,\\"  Lindsey Buckingham, Mick Fleetwood, and Stevie Nicks released solo albums and seemed to have spent alot of their passion on their respective solo projects. That's not to say that \\"Mirage\\" doesn't have its moments: Nicks, in particular, is in top form. \\"That's Alright,\\" a song from her early 1970's catalog, is an excellent example of countrified Rock and \\"Gypsy\\" ranks right up there with her best-ever songs. Buckingham's gorgeous production on \\"Gypsy\\" is an example of what he can do as a Producer. Christine McVie's love songs are bouncier than Nicks' but are a mixed bag. \\"Love in Store,\\" the opening track, is one of her better songs and the ever-popular \\"Hold Me\\" is a good duet with Buckingham. But two of her songs, \\"Only Over You\\" and \\"Wish You Were Here\\" are among the album's duds, as are virtually all of Buckingham's. Only \\"Empire State\\" is interesting. This is not a bad album, but there is little passion and fire.
034538072X|5.0|What made Catherine of Aragon so attached to her husband?  Did Anne Boleyn really have 6 fingers?  And what of Anne of Cleves, the flanders mare?  This is the best book I have ever come across that gives a full view of the  picks and pans of all his wives, their likes and dislikes, their true  natures in castle walls, what makes them tick, and simply...who they were.   <br />Alison Weir has written this book like a trashy Danielle Steel and  steamy Sandra Brown, all the dirty tasks and hidden info. written in a  startlingly captive way, that you won't want to miss out on a page.  And  the multi-pictures of ALL the wives were just as fantastic as well.<br />This  is the best Tudor England book of all.
B000002HNR|3.0|It saddens me how absolutely devoted many Doors fans are. Albums such as Absoultely Live and An American Prayer should not be praised so highly. I consider myself a Doors fan but I see the Doors as a group with good albums  such as The Doors, Strange Days, Morrison Hotel, and L.A. Woman and OK or  bad albums like everything else. Yes, it's true that each album has at  least one or two songs that make the album worth it's cost, but this group  is not perfect. I have never been a fan of Jim's The Celebration of the  Lizard or his poetry, and I'm glad it only takes up 15 minutes or so on  Absolutely Live. I prefer Alabama Song, Five to One, When the Music's Over,  and Soul Kitchen live over the original versions. Who Do You Love, Love  Hides, Universal Mind, and the Dead Cats, Dead Rats/ Break On Through  medley are good. This is a purchase made only by true Doors fans; it's best  to start with the studio albums.
6304117752|4.0|While &quot;The Sound of Music&quot; is considered by many as one of the finest musicals ever made, viz. the triple header of Wise, Rodgers, and Hammerstein, the film has a complexity missed by one time viewers.  Since  it has become a favorite of my kids and I often join them as they watch the  video, some of the more subtle aspects have emerged.  The political  message, the moral choice between succumbing to the Nazi's rise in power or  standing one's ground at the risk of losing all, the love triangle and its  resolution, and the near loss of a father's relationship with his children  are all here.  Whether the package is too quaint or not is almost beside  the point.  The stark, shocking contrast between the majestic beauty of the  Austrian Alps and the shout of &quot;heil Hitler&quot; is one of the film's  most stunning moments.  Viewers who study these elements would be rewarded  for their efforts by a deeper understanding of some important themes of the  film.
B000005QH3|5.0|KOWALSKI, ex cop, ex race car driver leds us through 90 minutes of heaven. The tired hero running on empty keeps the lids open with a little help from his friends!  Whether it be the great tunes stirred up by super soul from  KOW (just happens be be kowalski's 1st three!) or the buddies with  benzadrine, he runs us west from Denver in the spin of our lives.  The hemi  r/t Challanger has no equal!  Interesting twist is take a look at the snake  collector- what christmas favourite did he star  in?   no wonder years  after Primal Scream put together audio disc called vanishing point!!!   great tunes there as well.      My tired worn out copy from '71 will now be  put to rest. Thanks for bringing this action flick back for anone that  knows hi reving sewing machines are just that!  grab a case of beer, call   up your buds and ....KOWALSKI, KOWALSKI, ARE YOU LISTENING...the last  american hero!
6304091931|5.0|This is a classic western with great action and comedy.  I recommed it for families with teenage children.  There are a few scenes which are sexually oriented but no worse than many popular TV shows on the networks today.
B000002P7R|4.0|This is definitely my favorite in comparison with First Rays of the New Rising Sun. The album contains five unreleased recordings, four instrumentals (these are always my favorite), and covers of Bob Dylan's All  Along the Watchtower and Drifter's Escape. Power of Soul and Message to the  Universe [message to love] are better on the live album Band of Gypsies.  After buying the three Experience albums, this would be my first purchase.  There are 65+ minutes of music and it is all fresh Hendrix.
6304091931|5.0|Quick!  Name every cliche in the Western genre ... Did you include madame with heart of gold?  Bucket brigade?  Hotheaded quick-draw artist?  This movie overflows with good-hearted love of the genre and stars Linda Hunt,  Jeff Goldblum, Danny Glover, Brian Denehe, Kevin Kline, and many others.  Just good fun!
B000000WFU|5.0|Two of the most talented dancers I've seen, from Juilliard, performed a duet to &quot;Adiemus&quot; and &quot;Hymn&quot; ... and I had to get the music. These pieces stretch the soul!
0767802659|5.0|An amazing disc for Paul Verhoeven lovers!  The fx will blow you away
0399143904|3.0|A friend loaned me this book and I won't be adding it to my &quot;Clancy Collection&quot;.  I found it  interesting enough to finish and did spend a few late nights when I just &quot;couldn't put it down&quot;.  However, the  repetition got very annoying as the author continued to explain how the bad  guys planned to take over the world.  There must be something in the Clancy  cookbook that says it has to be thick or it isn't a novel. I don't think  so. I liked the ending and thought it original.  I anticipate a surprise at  the end of a Clancy novel after the JAL flight at the conclusion of  &quot;Debt of Honor&quot;.  Still a Clancy fan, but, a little disappointed  in this one.
6304106017|5.0|For someone having seen pulp fiction this one is worth trying! Though it is not that perfect as pulp fiction is &quot;From dusk till down&quot; is also absolutely entertaining. For everybody who likes blood in nowadays  movies this is a must see.
B000002WYT|3.0|This CD wasn't very good because the choice of songs were bad.Also, I thought sound quality could have been a little bit better.This is not Dave Matthews's Band's best album.
B00000ADG2|5.0|My favorite songs on this album are &quot;Too good to be true&quot; and &quot;Ex-Factor&quot;.  Lauryn's singing/rapping talents are amazing! (Not to mention her acting talents,too) I was impressed by her strong voice and  incredible rhythm.  This album definitly deserves the grammys it was  nominated for.  I can't wait for Lauryn's next album and would absolutly  love to see her perform live!!!
B00000AFFF|5.0|This is an excellent album full of beautiful love songs crafted in a more complicated way than EC fans may be used to.  You need to play this one several times before the music and lyrics hit you fully.  In the end, EC  adds to his legend as the greatest musical talent of our generation.
0783110928|5.0|While &quot;Gia&quot; certainly is a sobering look at the short life and tragic death of Gia Carangi, 80's supermodel, this movie also gets a five star rating for its depiction of the relationship between Gia and her lover  Linda.  (Unfortunately, the character Linda never really existed in  real-life; this is an amalgamation of different relationships Gia had with  women.)  However, kudos must be given to Angelina Jolie and especially  Kathleen Mitchell for the heat and chemistry these two put on the screen.   Unlike many movies that depict both the affectional and sexual  realtionships between two women, wherein the actresses look as though they  are either sleep walking or don't have a clue how two women might interact  with one another on an other-than- friends basis, these two actresses  capture the whole picture.  From the performance that shows up on screen,  you could swear that it isn't just acting.  They get every nuance, from eye  contact to touch.  However, you have to get the Unrated version, not the R  rated version, to really get the whole picture.  The Unrated version  contains scenes that go much farther in explaining how Gia's relationship,  even if fictional, is the emotional core of this movie.  Especially fun is  the extended version of Gia and Linda having dinner together when Gia moves  back to Philadelphia.  While the R version only gives us a peck on the lips  at the dinner table, the unrated version contains several of what appear to  be outtakes from filming, that are special because of the good humor that  the two actresses seem to share in filming a great  physical-but-with-clothes-on scene, several times.  The initial scenes with  Gia and Linda in the photography studio, as well as in bed for the first  time, also give a more extended view of the heat between the two  characters.If you're tired of politically correct lesbian movies featuring  women who look like they need a bath and a good haircut, this is definitly  one to rent.  I'm only left with a couple of questions:  Who is Kathleen  Mitchell?  Has she ever been in anything else?  Angelina Jolie deserves the  kudos she's gotten for portraying Gia, but Mitchell deserves a ton for  bringing a real-live formerly heterosexual woman who meets someone that  changes her mind to life with such a fine, nuanced performance.
B000003TA4|5.0|Nirvana was great and this album reflects their abilities.  This CD is worth getting because of &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; which is a period piece. &quot;Lithium&quot; and &quot;Come As You Are&quot; are  absolutly awesome. A Perfect Ten.
030716327X|5.0|I have always loved this book.  I loved all the things to touch and feel when I was a toddler.  It takes me back just thinking about it.  I would recommend this book to any toddler who is always getting into things and  always touching everything.
B000002KKS|4.0|Black Sabbath was never again the same Black Sabbath they were before Ozzy left, and nothing post-Ozzy was as good as anything with Ozzy. That said, they put together a few pretty good songs here.
B00000AOUD|5.0|It was 1973 and I forgot to decline the autoshipment of &quot;Thick as a Brick&quot;, thank God! My first Jethro Tull album, it was difficult to comprehend the complexity of the melodies. This album could be listened to  over and over without wearing out its originality.  I've been a Tull fan  ever since and own 24 Tull albums. I'm glad CDs don't wear out like  records.
6303461484|5.0|A killer set loose by government bureaucracy; a city gripped by the fear of a madman slaughtering young children. Atlanta? New York? Philadelphia? No, this is Moscow, and the story is that of one of the worlds worst serial  killers, Chikitila, who killed over 53 children around Moscow in a crime  spree that lasted over eight years. Unforgettably real, excruciatingly  tense, and so well acted you feel as if you were a party to the  investigation. &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot; is nothing compared to this  film. Buy it.
6305229449|5.0|I have seen most of the great Disney movies.  This video outweighs THE LION KING, THE LITTLE MERMAID, and BAMBI without question.  It is a great movie for guys and girls and offers and accurate portrayal of the ancient  Chinese empire.  Definitely deserving of five stars.
0684843749|5.0|I just started lifting two months ago and wasted a lot of money on other books.  This book is the most comprehensive out there.  The gains I've seen  following Arnold's advice have been amazing.
0385484518|5.0|This is a wonderful book, not about dying, but about living.  It's the kind of story that you'll want to share with others important to you.  This book, like life, is too good to keep to yourself.
B000002H97|5.0|THIS CD HAS SEVEN SINGLES OFF OF IT.  TRUE METALLICA.  THIS STUFF IS NOT WEAK.  THIS CD SET THE STANDARD FOR ALL ROCK CDS.
076780421X|4.0|We loved it because it was a great love story. Plus it had a happy ending
0151001820|4.0|Others have astutely analyzed the quality  of the novel. I would merely like to mention that this novel suffers significantly from the often literal and awkward translation. It's not often that a translator's voice  can be so clearly heard, occasionally obscuring the author's.    Still,  \\"The Club Dumas\\" is a great read.
6304078102|5.0|I've watched this movie three times in as many days. It's a little slow paced and took me about a half hour to get into it, but then I was hooked, and couldn't get enough.   Richard Dreyfuss plays a man, attempting to  persue his dream, but gets bogged down with family and financial  responsibilities, and the pressures and demands of his job.  Have some  tissues handy, you'll need them, but it's not all tears, There are some  laughs along the way.   It contains some profanity, which I don't care for,  but very little, and would be a shame to miss so great a movie because of  it.
B00000DFSK|5.0|THIS ALBUM IS FANTASTIC!!!! NO SONG ON THIS ALBUM IS A FILLER
B00000099Y|5.0|Aenima is the smartest that hard rock ever gets. Explosive drumming, intense lyrics &amp; bombastic guitars make this the album of the year in its genre. If you want head-slamming, angst-ridden metal that actually  tickles your creative mind, this is the album to get above all others.
B000000W5L|5.0|ROLLING STONES FANS BUY THIS. EVERY SONG ON IT ROCKS. 'Rocks Off', 'Tumbling Dice', 'Sweet Virginia', 'Sweet Black Angel', and 'Happy' are just a few AWESOME SONGS. Another list is 'Ventilator Blues', 'Let it  Loose', 'Shine a Light' and 'Soul Survivor'. Mick Jagger and Keith Richards  truly show the talent of The Rolling Stones.
B00000AFFF|5.0|Some seventeen years ago, when I was a snot nosed bile spouting angry young man, I was turned on to EC at a party. His snide and eloquent takes on life and love matched my feelings at the time and his music got me  through the roughest years of my life. At the same time I despised the BB  written tunes that poured through the speakers of my parents stereo. I was  having none of their establishment crap.<br />Age does indeed mellow us and I  now crave the simple joys of well written pop tunes. In a world where  &quot;alternative&quot; means bad neo-punk, neo-ska, and truly horrible  neo-glam, this pairing has given us a smart and well crafted alternative to  kiddie rock and Top 40 schmaltz.<br />Although EC's vocals can be strained,  there is a real depth of emotion in his words. You can feel the heartache  and joy in each song. It amazes me that this album will get virtually no  airplay but, Jewell and Michael Bolton are freakin' stars.<br />BB's  arrangements are stirring and full of the subtle nuances that have always  marked his work. With this and the retrospective set on Rhino, a new  generation can discover what music with sophistication and intelligence is  all about. Glad that you're back Burt!<br />&quot;Painted from Memory&quot; is  truly a wonderful listening experience and a terriffic collaborative  masterpiece.
0553269631|1.0|This book was boreing to read because it did not follow a definite plot line and skipped from person to person. I didnt know what was happening or who it was happening to. It was a chore to read instead of a pleasure.
B00000DLVA|5.0|If you're a fan of the Cardigans' previous albums (First band in the moon, Life, Emerdale, Other side of the moon), be prepared for something different.  If you were planning on buying &quot;Gran Turismo&quot; for  more-of-the-same - don't!<br />This album has a much darker, grimmer sound to  it.  Although really different from their previous music I still like it.  A great album.
0140187537|5.0|I loved this novel because of Steinbeck's mastery with images and words.  Things like how he described the leaves of a tree that sprang too soon, too trusting of spring, only too be blown away when winter didn't quite leave.  Or of using Easter and Resurrection to describe Ethan's transformation.<br />I  thoroughly enjoyed this Steinbeck's work of prose because of the way he  described the inner conflict of Ethan Allen Hawley, using almost-perfect  allegories and allusions.<br />In a larger sense, Ethan's struggle to be true  to himself while trying to improve his station is an allegory about  America.  This book reminds me a lot of THE GREAT GATSBY.
B000009FHN|5.0|Downward spiral is and album thta starts off full of anger and hate and ends up with the feeling of suicude.  One of the best albums ever recorded and THE best album by NIN however for the japanese import my sugesstion is  to buy the original  album and also buy the crow soundtarck which has the  bouns track on it, this gets you 12 more great tracks for roughly the same  price
6300214540|4.0|Still a great movie with great flight-deck scenes that stir the blood of an old Navy Vet..
6304510861|5.0|This films takes an in depth look at the inner workings of the mind and how guilt, physical pleasure, envy, and trust can affect it.  David Lynch has again done an incredible job at explaining his own thoughts and  feelings on these subjects.  It's a true classic and masterpiece of the  modern film industry.
630027179X|5.0|This classic continues to capture the hearts and souls of those who experience it. No other Arthurian film comes close to what John Boorman has acheived in this extraordinary film. Thousands of persons visit my  Excalibur site each month. I would like to think it is because of my  wonderful creation, but I know that it because Excalibur is one of the  greatest films of the 20th Century! Second only to the film is the  wonderful soundtrack. I was so pleased to find that it was available once  again. &quot;Dandalf the Dragon&quot;  dandalf.com
B000005AYM|5.0|Erykah Badu is the best thing to happen to hip-hop, jazz, and R&amp;B. With songs like &quot;On And On&quot;, &quot;Drama&quot;, &quot;4-Leaf Clover&quot;, &quot;Other Side Of The Game,&quot; and &quot;Next  Lifetime&quot;, she's really got it coming for her. I can't wait for her to  come up with a new album!
B00000DFSK|5.0|This is the one to have
6305132984|5.0|The DVD transfer of West Side Story is absolutely gorgeous; there wasn't a flaw in the entire disc, either audio or video, which I could detect. The scope and imagination of the cinematography are beyond what I remember from  seeing in the theater, and far surpass the video version. The audio  soundtrack is crystal clear with no slurring of dialogue or heavy-handed  enhancement of the music. It's perfect. My only criticism, as it has always  been, is the total miscasting of Richard Beymer as Tony. His portrayal of  Tony is closer to a 5th Avenue hairdresser than a street-wise gang leader.  But don't let this deter you from owning one of the premier musicals in  this fantastic format.
B000000Y2R|5.0|Wow. The best live concert in history
0451169514|5.0|This book should be read by everyone even if you hate Stephen King (which i can't imagine) or just plain and simply hate the Horror genre.  Not only does this book leave you white knuckled, it also delivers in the actual  story.  The characters are developed so well it's scary (no pun intended).   Even the antagonists are devoloped greatly.  My only problem with the book  is it tends to get long-winded in part.  The book is 1,090 pages  (paperback) and gets off topic at times (such as a whole chapter baisically  completely dedicated to the building of a dam which adds nothing to the  story except showing how the characters work well together).  Read this  book!!
1573225517|5.0|I loved this read.  Any fan of music who has rolled their eyes at someone else's music collection will laugh until it hurts.  Read it and enjoy the day it takes you to read it.  You will miss the characters after you put  the book down.
B000002H2H|5.0|This is Metallica's 2nd best album, nose to nose with Master of Puppets. It has classics such as  Fade To Black, For Whom The Bell Tolls, and Creeping Death. Buy it, at any cost its still a  bargain. If not I swear  you will regret it. BTW, METALLICA IS STILL METALLICA! Okay, just wanted to  get that out. I'll have words with any Metallica &quot;fan&quot; who says  otherwise.
0800177975|5.0|The critics that gave this movie a bad review misunderstood the point. The movie makes fun of the action films. It shows how unreal action movies can be. I thought it was a great movie, and very funny. Critics usually don't  have good taste anyway.
B000002H33|5.0|Master of Puppets is the best Metallica album, but people do not realize METALLICA IS STILL METALLICA! Oh, so we tell them who they are? Thats  B*LL SH*T. Just go to one of thier shows. They play the old stuff, the new  stuff, covers, everything. It all rocks. Btw, my fav songs on Master of  Puppets are Battery, Master of Puppets, and Sanitarium. My band's covered  them. Orion is a great instumental track. Well, im leaving- remember,  metallica's performances are perpetual tributes to the great Cliff Burton.
B00000FCBC|5.0|It is one of the best cd's that i have heard in the last few years I can not take it out of my cd player, they have really outdone themselves with this cd package.
0800141326|5.0|With effects that blow away the man in a suit, Godzilla turned out to be the most breathtaking film of 1998.  A masterpiece that is wrongfully attacked by critics, yet follows the same pattern as all Godzilla films  have.  See this one and you'll be convinced that Big &quot;G&quot; is the  King of the Monsters!
B00000F1D3|5.0|After dancing to various remixes of the title tune to the many clubs I've been to, I finally vowed myself to get the CD and hear what the fuss is all about. Being of the baby boom generation, I wasn't surprised that I was  drawn to her latest CD, but seeing club kids a generation younger than I am  dancing and spinning to Cher, well, I guess good dance music will always  stir the soul as well as the feet!! Well, let me tell you that this was  well worth the money.  Believe it or not, this is my first &quot;Cher&quot;  album.  The title song is even better than those remixes I've heard in the  dance clubs.  It's so good, melodically and rhythmically, and I wish it  were 5 minutes longer!  I've always thought that Cher's vocal abilities are  pretty limited, but she does put what ever she has to good use here. her  deep, plaintive and strong voice conveys the mood of the songs, quite  surprisingly since this is mainly a dance album.  I never thought one can  put emotions in dance tracks, but Cher pulls it off quite nicely.  The rest  of the songs can stand on their own as well, and Im sure I will be hearing  more remixes of the other songs (We All Sleep alone, Strong Enough,  Runaway, etc..) in the dance clubs for months to come.<br />This is a  long-deserved break for Cher, one of our most under rated Divas.  I hope  this album sells well, just to show her how much her fans miss her and  appreciate her return. <br />U GO CHER!
0380973634|5.0|I discovered Neil Gaiman as the text author of the 4 part graphic novel &quot;Stardust&quot;(now available as a novel.) The illustrator, Charles Vess, is a master of his craft, and Gaiman is equally so.  &quot;Neverwhere&quot; is a dark, creepy, wholly satisfying book, full of  familiar, but not old characters. I scarfed this book in one evening,  licking my chops all the while. The villians are horrifying, the heroes are  amusing and sympathetic, and the storyline crackles. I do recommend this  book to fantasy/horror lovers, and check out the illustrated  &quot;Stardust&quot; too...if you can find it!
0767805534|3.0|Before Nicholson became such a big star he did small roles like this but he's the best thing in this movie and it's worth buying it just to get a look at how talented he really is.
6305232660|3.0|Armagedon is bette
0783228600|1.0|If you notice the above reviews, everyone seems to have very definite opinions about this movie. They either love it or hate it. I'm a diehard Terry Gilliam fan, I'd go see him flush a toilet, then ask for my money  back. Well, that's how I felt about this movie. I waited a long time before  I was able to see it and expected great things from Gilliam, Depp and Del  Toro and got nothing but disappointment. I'd be curious to hear (or read)  Hunter S. Thompson's take on the finished version of this movie. My  impressions of Mr. Thompson are very different from the portrayal by Johnny  Depp. And there are too many reasons to list here. My advice: If you really  like Terry Gilliam's movies, you probably have to see this film  anyway--just don't come looking for me when you want your money back.
6304539282|5.0|Who hasn't seen Star Wars
B00000G3PA|5.0|Armageddon is packed with heart-pounding, edge-of-your-seat action, and who better to lead the pack than Bruce Willis?  He's a great action hero.  He was great in the Die Hard movies, but this was better.  Also, he sported  enough rapid-fire wisecracks to help keep his character interesting.    It  makes you wonder what would happen if those events were real -- an asteroid  could hit Earth at any time, and events in science fiction movies tend to  become real 20-30 years down the road, so you never know.    This movie is  definitely worth getting!
0800129806|5.0|A romantic view of medieval times, indeed. The kiss between Guinevere (Ormond) and Lancelot (Gere) is one of the hottest I've ever witnessed in a PG movie -- hot, yet suitable for the whole family.
0802130208|5.0|The first time I read Confederacy, I was very ambivalent about it. I couldn't decide whether I liked it or not. So I read it again. And then again. Each time, of course, I snickered and laughed out loud in a couple  of places. (Miss Trixie trying to help &quot;Gloria&quot; off the floor,  Ignatius rallying the factory workers and becoming aroused as they lifted  him onto the table, the infamous letter to Ableman...well, you get the  point.) And yet--there was something immensely pathetic about the book and  the characters. I gave it to my daughter to read--she has worn out four  paperback copies. I have worn out three. I think this has to be one of my  two or three favorite books of all time, for several reasons. First, it is  so extremely well-written. Even after the first reading, when I wasn't sure  I liked it, I could appreciate that it was so well-written that this in  itself could have won it the Pulitzer. Secondly, the characters are real  people. I have never been to New Orleans, but trust me, there are people  like Jones, and Lana, and Gonzalez, and Mrs. Gonzalez, and Mrs. Reilly and  her gentleman friend everywhere. With each reading, I gain new insight into  one of the characters. And finally, it perks me up to realize that my life  isn't so bad after all, compared to Ignatius and his valve and his complete  inability to hold a job or do anything meaningful with his life--or  compared to his mother, putting up with Ignatius. The pathos equals the comedy. Actually, that may be its best quality--that  it can describe and detail several truly pathetic lives in a way that an  outsider looking in can get past the tragedy and the pathos and laugh.  And  isn't that what comedy is all about?
630526323X|5.0|At long, long last, Werner Herzog's &quot;Nosferatu&quot; is now out on video (both the subtitled and dubbed versions) and laser disc (subtitled, with Herzog's commentary on the analog channel!).Considered by many to be  Herzog's best movie, fans have been waiting for years for its release. You  don't have to be a fan of Dracula/vampire movies to appreciate and enjoy  this stunning film. The photography is exceptional, capturing Isabelle  Adjani's ethereal beauty and her character's sad determination to defeat  the Count, and win back her husband. In addition to the visual pleasure of  watching this film, the audience is also treated to the mystical, haunting  music of Popol Vuh throughout the film. This remains my favorite movie of  all time, and I thank all of those people who worked on releasing the  videos.
6305252521|5.0|One of the greates movies of all time . .. A
0316286869|4.0|Making faces is the ultimate makeup book.  It is full of wonderful photos of a variety of makeup styles from everyday makeup to glamorous looks.  The book also gives the reader detailed how to instructions on how to achieve  the desired looks, and also informs the reader on what kinds of makeup  products work the best.  It also has wonderful before and after makeover  pictures.  What a book!
B00000AFWW|5.0|I love this album, and the Hollywood concept to it. The arrangements and music are wonderful, and Courtney's voice has never sounded better. This album works because of the charisma and personality Courtney and her band  put into their music. Anyone who doubts her talent should listen to this  cd, and see her movie(People vs. Larry Flynt). The best songs are Celebrity  Skin, Awful, Malibu, Heaven Tonight, and Dying. Hole is one of the best  bands out there, and when I bought this I didn't feel like I wasted my  money, which is more than I can say for a lot of cds I've bought.
6305229449|5.0|Disney made a movie, and my family went to see it over ten times.  This seriously underhyped movie is the best animated movie Disney has made.  I was touched by this movie every single time I saw it, and that's saying a  lot in today's industry.  A definite must for fathers with daughters.   Remember Disney only lets their videos out for a limitted time.  Don't miss  out, or your next chance may be years away.
B000002H97|5.0|How can people going on criticizing this album?  How can they say that they've sold out?  Metallica has always considered themselves first and fans second.  They play what they want to play no matter how gratifying it  is to play what the crowd wants.  People say they've sold out just because  they slowed down.  They didn't sell out, that's for sure.  If they sold  out, you'd hear all these songs being played on the trendy music stations,  you know, the ones that just play the popular songs, the ones that don't  play all the bands' works.  I don't hear it on alternative stations.  The  ONLY places I hear these songs are METAL STATIONS!  Yeah they slowed down,  so what?  What's the difference?  They thrash even better with these slowed  down songs.  They allow the feeling to sink in.  Enter Sandman makes you  feel like the sandman's really coming.  Sad But True makes it feel as if  he's really all that he says in there.  Wherever I May Roam takes you  places.  Don't Tread on Me really rages you about politics.  My Friend of  Misery really makes you feel sad for the person that is spoken of in there.   Basically, this CD takes you wherever the song goes.  With their old  stuff, it's just fast and speedy and throws you around everywhere and you  just try and hold on.  Don't get me wrong, it's all awesome but Black Album  digs into your emotions.  This is their best, nothing more to say.
B000001DV2|5.0|This was one of the most underrated and poorly received albums I have ever known.  It leaves me disgusted to see how critical of Leppard's latest efforts.  After they established themselves with the mega accomplishments  of Pyromania and Hysteria, the band thought that they could relax and just  enjoy making albums, but many rigid fans wouldn't let them.  If this isn't  their greatest masterpiece, it's still one of the best albums I have ever  heard, and another great achievement for the Leps.  And it's a hell of a  lot of fun!!  Def Leppard embellished in glam rock to it's purest form,  deeply rooted in the sound of Slade.  And with this album, they were more  than faithful to their philosophy of keeping rock n roll fun, &quot;to put  a smile on somebody's face (Joe Elliot).&quot;  Music to them was a form of  entertainment not to be taken too seriously.  They avoided drowning out the  excitement of their songs with cynical and perhaps depressing messages  about the world's problems, but managed to keep the candle of magic burning  in the soul of their music, which I find admirable.  You will get a few  laughs with songs like HEAVEN IS, PERSONAL PROPERTY, MAKE LOVE LIKE A MAN,  WANNA TOUCH YOU, and especially LET'S GET ROCKED.  And their trademark  multi-layered guitar melodies are at their peek in their beauty and magic.   The ballads of TONIGHT, HAVE YOU EVER NEEDED, STAND UP, and the Steve Clark  inspired WHITE LIGHTNING are strong examples.  And then you have the fast  paced energy of TEAR IT DOWN.  Perhaps they lost the creative input of the  late Steve Clark, but don't let that fool ya.  Just sit back, relax, let  this make you feel what it wants you to feel, and you will find this album  amazing and have a few laughs.  Ignore the negativity, stop comparing this  one to their earlier efforts (HYSTERIA, PYROMANIA, etc.), and just simply  enjoy.
0792833686|5.0|What more can you ask of a movie!  Watch it again and again.  Donald OConner's 'Make 'em Laugh' is a classic.  The ultimate spirit lifting movie.
0930289234|5.0|The Watchmen is quite simply the finest piece of comic-art ever done.  12 years after reading it for the first time, it is still the standard to which I hold all similar works, which inevitably fall short of it's  brilliance.
6302968119|5.0|This movie True Romance is one of the best ever produced in my opinion.  Tarrentino is at his best and Slater and Arquette's performances make the movie.  Will be a classic in many years to come.
0688002307|5.0|Zen &amp; The Art touches life in the place that most people do not often question. To say what the book is about attempts to capture it within a sphere that is far too rigid for its nature. Superficially, a journey takes  place with the reader travelling across America on a motorcycle on a  vacation. Inherently, it provides a medium for questioning the nature of  our experience. A place to allows us to look at a topic or object for what  it is and now simply what our minds make it.<br />Will you find what you are  seeking? It is probably best to go in unencumbered of hopes and dreams of  expectation. The search becomes am much a part life as the answer that has  been looked for. I have read this many times and have found it incredible  beautiful at many different phases of my life. With the power of a  jackhammer to open our closed minds, this book is a must read for all!
6300268993|5.0|Usually when you watch a movie like this as a little kid, you love it. And when you go to re-watch it years down the road, you hate it. <br />This is not the case with Superman II. <br />The plot is fantastic. It deals with Supes'  father's old nemesis, General Zod, and his two psycho-pals. We recognize  the scenes of the three foes being imprisoned from the first film by Kel-El  (Clark Kent's real father on Krypton), and in Superman II they make a  return. It all starts when Supes launches a dadly nuclear bomb into space,  and when it explodes, the shock-wave hits the strange, suspended-animation  floating cell (which happened to drift into our solar system). The shock  wave causes the mysterious confinement to break, and the evil three are  released. Since they are from Krypton, the Earth's sun gives them special  powers - but they won't put their powers to good use like Superman.<br />This  movie has it all, action, drama, comedy, suspense (yaddah yaddah yaddah).  The only check I mark off of this movie is for a lame new  &quot;superpower&quot; towards the end of the film ...<br />Overall, an  unforgettable film. Check it out.
6305229449|5.0|Mulan, Disney's latest creation has the distinction of having the only female Disney lead worthy of adultation.  Mulan a young chinese girl  takes the place of her ailing father when is miltary summons arrive.  Through  hard work and her own intellegence she manges to save the emperor of China  (let's be realistic, this is the only time in Disney's long history that  the main female character has done something for herself).  While the film  may be historically inaccurate, it is no reason to skip this excellent  film.  I highly recommend it to everybody, especaily the young girls who  have grown up on Disney's usual drivel.  Hopefully this movie will  represent a new trend at Disney
6303832563|5.0|I first saw this film on PBS not long after its release.  I have the Philip Glass soundtrack on CD; I cannot listen to it without the film's images immediately coming to mind.  You don't have to be an environmental  activist to fall instantly in love with the rich imagery, from the frenetic  speeded-up scenes of urban traffic to the slow motion destruction and  breakup of an errant rocket.  Will somebody PLEASE start distributing this  film again?
6305229449|5.0|My daughter loves Mulan (and so do I).  She has shown a tendency to grow out of certain characters (Pooh, Elmo, Barney, etc.) but Mulan has had &quot;staying power&quot; since she first saw it in the theaters last  summer.  I thought the animation and writing were great -- I saw it several  times with my daughter and even I did not get bored (a good sign for a  potential video purchase).  It had two memorable songs which my daughter  likes to sing around the house from time to time.  I liked that fact that  it exposed my daughter to a different culture and time period in an  inoffensive way and generally presented a positive message for young girls.   A must buy for any parent with a young daughter!
0374172897|2.0|I adored &quot;A Home at the End of the World,&quot; except for its ending that betrayed me.  And I was so impressed with the way Cunningham wrote from a woman's point of view in &quot;Flesh and Blood&quot; (one of the  best contemporary male writers to do this, in my opinion). So when I saw a  new book by MC, all three main characters women, and paralleling Woolf's  novel Mrs. Dalloway, how could I not jump for joy? The plot(s) is/are  simple:  Clarissa, nicknamed Mrs. Dalloway, is having a party for one of  her dearest friends, who won a prestigious poetry prize (and is also  suffering from AIDS).  Meanwhile, Virginia Woolf is currently in the middle  of Mrs. Dalloway, plotting how it will end. Seemingly unrelated is the  story of Laura Brown, a housewife in the '40s (I guess I didn't read that  part carefully enough, or else it's a testament to MC's talent that I  didn't realize she wasn't living in the 90s), and her struggle to make  peace with her life.  Alas, I found the Clarissa character irritating,  self-centered, and generally a bore.  The Virginia Woolf character was at  first more interesting, but after awhile I realized all she ever did was  plot to kill Mrs. Dalloway and pine for the great London.  The most  fascinating (and well-written) of the three was Laura Brown, but the end of  her story just smacked of tying loose ends together.  I did enjoy trying to  put together how the book paralleled Mrs. Dalloway (down to Mrs.  D's/Clarissa's former lover Peter/Louis visiting her on the day of the  party, announcing he was in love, and bursting into tears), but all in all,  it was a grand disappointment.  If only Michael Cunningham would return to  the promise of his earliest (well, the earliest in-print) book!
6305052158|1.0|My first DVD ripoff.  I wouldn't think Amazon would even carry...like this.  And one of the great American classics, too!
1559408898|4.0|1.66:1 IS Widescreen.  As is 1.85:1, As is 2.35:1, As is 3:33:1.  Although the &quot;letterboxing&quot; effect on your screen may not be as deep, the screen is still wider than the standard screen 1.33:1 aspect ratio.  <br />The  movie Robocop was FILMED in 1.66:1 and cropped for cinescope (1.85:1) to be  shown in theaters.  So when you see the non criterion version, you actually  LOSE a good portion of the orginal filmed and intended information.  The  Criterion version restored the original ratio upon request of the  director.<br />Showing Robocop in 1.85:1 or even 2.35:1 would be as equally  unjust to the original intent as showing 2.35:1 films in Pan and Scan--- it  is not the way the movie was filmed, not the way the director intended the  movie to be shown.  <br />The below statement that it is &quot;similar to most  pan-and-scan movies&quot; is completely untrue-- unlike P&amp;S, no shots  were at all cropped for screen formatting- no edits were changed to fit on  sreen- and nowhere in the film is there any added panning to follow the  action.  The 1.66:1 is the PROPER aspect ratio of the film.<br />The review of  Robocop, as posted below may seriously undermine someones decision to  purchase this title-- using completely incorrect and uninformed  information.  Stating this version of is NOT widesceen is a falsehood, as  it is widescreen.  Stating it is similar to pan and scan is a falsehood  because it is not.  The incorrect use of these terms creates a false sense  in the minds of a person who is aware of the proper meaning of each term.   A person familiar with the meanings of widescreen and p&amp;s could read  this review and incorrectly decide against buying the title- which would be  a mistake.<br />This title, in this version, A must for collectors, a must for  scifan fans, a must for DVD film enthusiasts!  Now, if only Criterion would  do 16x9 enhancements.
6301744160|5.0|This has always one of my favorites. FX are outstanding for the time and still stand up to todays CGI. Keep in mind, when this was made &quot;we&quot; had not seen the structure of the atom (as stated in the  film). Great film, great subject and the sub, Proteus is just plane  &quot;COOL&quot;! Check it out.
6304765789|5.0|This is a fantastic movie!! Douglas, whom I have always enjoyed, and Penn, whom I have never really liked, deliver superb performances in their roles. Once the action really started moving, I found myself staying one step  ahead of Douglas, which actually added to my enjoyment. I did fall behind  at the ending, where my first reaction was &quot;What's that doing  there?&quot;. Unless you are a die-hard Douglas fan and collector, rent  this great suspenseful thriller for your first viewing:  knowing the ending  will take away the suspense, but not the thrills, of subsequent viewings.  Watch it and decide.
B0000019PA|5.0|I've had this one since it came out, and I must say the rumors are true- this is a fantastic album from a brilliant band. &quot;Oh Comely&quot; and &quot;Holland, 1945&quot; are particularly affecting, but there's not a  single weak second on this perfect record. Buy it now, and drill it into  your consciousness.
630516889X|5.0|This is a great movie, if you liked the Alien movies or Predator2 you will love this movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
630349255X|5.0|Every high schooler needs a dose of reality...this is a prescription for life
0374172897|4.0|&quot;The Hours&quot; is a glittering, multi-layered homage to Virginia Woolf and &quot;Mrs. Dalloway.&quot; Cunningham's three stories reverberate off each other and off &quot;Mrs. Dalloway&quot; in a dazzling commentary  on life, love and death. In a single day each of three women, readying  herself for a party grand or ordinary, grapples with many of life's more  profound issues. Kisses are exchanged, spurned lovers regretted. Some are  caregivers, others their prisoners. Anyone who has recently read &quot;Mrs.  Dalloway&quot; will recognize the brilliance with which Cunningham  manipulates its themes and plot while incorporating very modern feminist  and gay issues.
6302719631|3.0|This is a pleasant, good-natured fable with a better ending than most fables have.  Every now and then the camera gives you a lovely shot, but although it's a pretty film it's not breathtaking.  Peter Firth is a  charming Henry, with a sister so agreeable one wants to see more of her.   Katherine Schlesinger is a very pretty, artless and sweet Catherine  Morland.  Robert Hardy, who is always memorable, clearly had fun being a  rather contemptible villain. In Northanger Abbey, the main characters are  warm  and very human, while the story is smarter than they are and very  sarcastic.  In this rendition, the sweetness of the characters was conveyed  far more successfully than the ironic wit of the original story.  It's by  no means a brilliant film, as it seems all films are unfairly expected to  be, but it is pleasant, light entertainment, with moral lessons (about  honesty and good judgement) that are not absolutely beaten to death.
B00000273P|5.0|Even thoug I have listened to this album a thusand times, it gets even better every time.  Paddy knows to sing about love, and mean it. He has a way getting under your skin...&quot; there was a boy I used to be / I guess  that he was cold / If she came to buy him now / How cheaply he'd be  sold...&quot; I'm sold, as always! So make you self happy; buy this album,  and you'll know what I'm talking about.
006092988X|5.0|One of the best books I have ever read.  I did not want it to end.  I wanted it to go on and on, I could not get enough of Francie.  Usually, I have a really difficult time with &quot;classic literature&quot;.  I often  find the classics hard to read and understand.  This read as easy as a  light novel yet was profound and life changing.
0553573403|5.0|After reading this book, I have to say, simply and concisely: forget Jordan; read George R R Martin! A truly marvelous cast of characters is set across a backdrop of sinister plots, excellent imagery, and a world so  detailed it draws you inexoribly within its borders.  In creating a world  ravaged by brutal, decades long winters and bountiful years of summer,  Martin sets the stage beautifully for the most spectacular political  intrigue and fantasy war saga of the century.  He interweaves a host of  characters who have very distinct personality traits and histories.  No  one-dimensional Jordan characters here; even the villains are complicated  three-dimensional characters.  Take the Hound for instance -- a brutal,  terrible man, yet you can understand _why_ he acts the way he does!  My  personal favorite character is Tyrion Lannister, who despite the constant  jeers at his deformities, has striven to be his own person and find his own  destiny.  He is a novel all to himself!  The only criticism I have  is a  nit-picky one.  Martin's choice for character names could be a bit more  creative.  Jon, Ned, Robb, etc...  I loathed some of the names he gave to  the characters.  But in spite of this, the intricate plot is spectacular,  and sets up what might be one of the best fantasy sagas of all time.
0688002307|5.0|He's Robert and Phaedrus.<br />Learn about your dual personas.<br />Learn about the distinctions between<br />Dynamic Quality and Static Quality.<br />Not a book for repair people but for<br />design engineers, for people who want<br />to  philosophize about life!<br />It's about Love; familial love!<br />It's about  adventures in psychology and philosophy.<br />It's about the Journey.<br />You'll  enjoy Lila as well!<br />Into to Philosophy.<br />Learn how to live dynamically,  now!<br />It's a story about a man, his motorcycle and his<br />son and their  journey to spirit!
0790736233|5.0|Fans of Carl Sagan, rejoice!  You can practically hear the man's voice througout Contact.  I've read all of his books (including reading Contact literally eight times), so I'm a bit biased towards enjoying this movie,  but it presents such a wonderful combination of sci-fi, drama, action, and  every other genre ever made...  It's simply an incredible film.
0670880728|4.0|Re: poor reader reviews: no one ever said that this book was erudite;  if you go into the book realizing that, you wont be disappointed by it's silliness. GASP, God forbid, there is British slang, poor, poor  Ameri-centric readers, all it takes is a little imagination to figure it  out.  Thank goodness it has no foreign phrases to muddle their pretty  little heads.  As for those that complain about Briget's obsession with  self-image - wake up and smell the coffee - we can all claim that feminism  in the '90s has freed us from worring about our body and the need for a  man, but studies show that right or wrong, time after time, that these are  still real concerns for women of any age. This book is an irreverent romp  through a year in the life of a &quot;singleton&quot;, worrying about her  self-image, the faithfulness of friends, the stress of family and holidays,  the ever-confusing dating scene.  Granted, the reader may have other  concerns than &quot;Alcohol units consumed&quot;, but it's pretty easy  to  replace Briget's obsessions with your own.  &quot;Starbuck's units  consumed: 4&quot;  Yes, it's fluffy, yes it's banal, yes you want to  throttle Briget at times, yes you want her to grow up.  But goodness, it's  fun.  It's a guilty little pleasure, similar to Briget watching &quot;Blind  Date&quot; on TV.  It will make you feel better about your own personal  obsessions and insecurities.   My only disappointment (other than somewhat  ragged writing that needs an editor) is the happy ending.  New Rich  boyfriend on Christmas and the plot tied up with a pretty red holiday bow?   Not in Briget's life, and certainly not in mine.
630468150X|5.0|I loved the movie! It was the best action I had seen for a very long time, I dont like actions that much, but ConAir surprised me a whole lot! It was just great, one of my favorite here in the last few years.
B0000070QS|5.0|One of the best albums of the year. Mortens voice leads you to the heart of the beauty of his country.  Please give us more 0 that.
0790735431|4.0|If you are a World War II fan you are going to like it as I do.  If you like WWII planes you are gonna love it.  Else this is going to be a good drama that may not deserve an academy award but it worth to be seen.<br />All  in all I consider it a far much better drama when compared with Midway.  I  own both.
0553108034|5.0|ACoK is &quot;The Empire Strikes Back&quot; to AGoT's &quot;Star Wars.&quot;  Everything is won (or lost) at a great price for all major characters.  But the struggles and seeming realism only make the characters  and story stronger.<br />The imagined world and its peoples' histories grow  more powerful and detailed.  Big and little surprises abound. There's a  naval battle that will make your eyes bug out.  <br />My only quibbles  included a couple of slow initial chapters and plot events left hanging at  the end. But ACoK never falls under its own considerable weight or fails to  deliver full-scale thrills in any of its many plot threads.  As other  reviewers have indicated, G.R.R.M. towers above all living sf/fantasy  authors -- and most from other genres.  Enjoy, but be sure to read AGoT  first!
1573225517|5.0|Hornsby is to Salinger what Cal Ripken is to Gehrig; as close as this day and age is going to get.
0812504488|5.0|Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is truly wonderful.  It's mysterious, frightening, intriguing, and it draws you in to the strange, twisted world of duality.  A must-read for all people!!!
B0000019HU|4.0|Slint has been reified as the best indierock band ever.all of the instruments fit perfectly together.  Except the vocals, the weakest part of the whole album.  admit it.  you didnt like the vocals the firsttime you  heard them.  They are so bad I have trouble taking the slint thing very  seriously.No, Im serious.  The whispering is so bad it could ruin the best  guitar music created in the 90s.  You cant tell me the singing is  not  terrible.  Even the liner notes beg for a singer.  Sure, a real singer  would make slint not much more than a prog-rock band......And a wonderful  prog-rock band at that- does this review illustrate the love-hate  reationship I have with slint?  Please, just admit you hate the  vocals...Bastro and Rapeman, bands out at the same time as slint, were far  superior not in their longevity, but in their sincerity.Ill never forget  playing a Spiderland song on KWVA in Eugene, OR in '92 or '93 and the music  director who was on air reading my playlist said &quot;that last song was  Don..uhh....by stint.&quot;and this is one of the best albums ever created.   Painstaking perfection and passion in every way.  people call it math or  prog rock- I seriously doubt that any of these musicians ever had to count  anything.  You can not feel counting in the performance.  But they must be  counting to play such intricate and well formed pieces...
6305161976|3.0|Now that my synopsis line has made everyone mad, let's be open minded.  This is a good film.  Definately one of the best that the first half of this century has to offer.  But really, a &quot;perfect film&quot; as it  has been called so often?  What about the poorly timed and ineffectively  executed fist slamming scene Bogart has during his late night drinking  binge?  There are hundreds of problems like that with this film; little  things and big things that permeate this film.  Again, I thought it was  good, but I can count dozens of movies off the top of my head that I  enjoyed a LOT more.  The dialogue is good, the acting is good, the visuals  are good, the movie is good.<br />The DVD is worth having.  It's clean, it's  pretty, and it has some neat stuff on it.  But please, can we get off the  &quot;perfect film&quot; thing?
078401213X|5.0|Our existance is nothing but an infinate loop, obvious, but overseen by many.  Complexity is between us and the truth, plauging humanity. Somewhere in between the lines, Max Cohen discovers the only immutable entity in our  world.  A God?  A purpose for life?  You be the judge.  Pi is an awesome  movie.
078401213X|2.0|Not a bad little film, but the best part about the disc is the groovy cover.  The visuals have a tendency to give me a headache, especially on a larger screen, and the story, though interesting, just had too many  &quot;menacing&quot; characters that seemed about as threatening as a night  at the Bingo parlor--realistically you know the possibility of danger  exists, but you're primarily concerned with other issues.  In all honesty,  this seems a lot like a film for people who WANT to like independant,  &quot;revolutionary&quot; film.  If you want better cinematography, watch  anything from Robert Rodriguez, if you want better dialogue, watch anything  from Quentin, if you want better storytelling, read a book.
0790735172|5.0|This movie leaves you wanting to see more. Unfortunately, there is nothing out there better, this is the best there is of all Martial Arts movies. No one is better than Bruce Lee.
6304916558|3.0|I was really disappointed with the lack of extras on this DVD.  The laser disc of &quot;Goldeneye&quot; was chock full of fruity nutty flavor, so I assumed that &quot;Tomorrow&quot; would have at least that much since DVD  can really pack lots of neat tid bits into a package.  Little did I know  that a &quot;Special Edition&quot; was coming out.  No one said anything  about plans to release a feature-packed version of the disc when it came  out in standard format, so those of us who love movies and love features  pretty much got screwed out of the DVD we really wanted by not waiting to  see if a better version came along.  <br />If this is a precedent, it's a  really bad one.  By not releasing the versions simultaneously, the movie  studio lost out on a lot of revenue that could have been gained from the  higher price of the special edition.  Most people I know who love James  Bond would have much rather had the version with the extras.
0385493800|5.0|Is there anything our favorite legal &quot;eagle&quot; can't do? The only way it could have been any more realistic was if it was written in Latin. (Relax, it's not!)<br />It's another fast paced thriller that takes you  through all the trials (get it?) and tribulations of our messy law system,  but wraps it up neatly in the end. And what an ending it is! You'll never  guess it either! <br />The only part I wasn't entirely sure of was the  symbolism of the young female law clerk, but sometimes his books can be  read on so many levels,  it's hard to keep track.<br />All in all a great  offering from a great novelist. The best parts call to mind the workings of  a young Turow or Patterson. He's almost enough to make you like lawyers.  Just kidding! (That's a joke - the just kidding part.)
0780619951|1.0|How the hell do you put Marlon Brando and Val Kilmer--two generations of master thespian--into a movie together and make it THIS bad?  Well, for one, give them minimum air time and make the hero the most unattractive,  dislikable spineless worm to ever blot a movie screen.  Two, give lots of  airtime to mutant farm animals that look so cheesy that you may think  you're watching a Sid &amp; Marty Kroft production (maybe a psychedelic  episode of &quot;Far Out Space Nuts&quot;).  Three, have the romantic  interest of the unattractive worm be a house cat.<br />Do I really need to go  on?  Probably not, but I'm just getting warmed up.  This whole movie feels  like it was made on a dare.  No, not just a dare, but a double dog dare.   From the set designer to the actors themselves, it seems that every person  involved in this project just lost it for a while.   Marlon Brando looks  like he may be having some bad reaction to eating a LOT of Twinkies, and  it's made his skin go all pasty and he has a penchant for wearing kimonos  (really big kimonos) which isn't a bad thing 'cause he'd be looking scary  in lycra right now.  Val has the only good scene in the entire movie when  he does a Brando impression for about five minutes.  Even the cat who loves  the worm dies way too soon (so much for 9 lives)which is a shame cause she  looked like a really dangerous member of Josie and the Pussycats.  I can  see her playing bass...<br />Anyway, this is beyond a doubt one of the most  unentertaining, unintelligent movies I've ever had the misfortune to watch.   And to think what I could have done with the 23 million or so they spent  to make this moronic piece of junk...oh well.
6305229449|5.0|Mulan was an excelent movie.  It crosses all kinds of borders that we have seen in our &quot;animated&quot; history.  To at last hear a story from Asia is an answer to many years of hoping for me.  Also, to see a young  girl really take hold of her own destiny is refreshing to us all.  And even  if she does have to put on a man's appearence to do it, it is her own  unique traits that enable her to save her family and her people.  It is a  beautiful and inspirational film that I think we have been waiting for a  long time.  Good one Disney!
6304712936|3.0|I had no problems at all with my copy of this DVD. Judging from another review, however, there are bad copies out there so don't be afraid of the return policy.  They must have done multiple printings of the disk because  my movie is entirely on one side, not two sided as others have said.   <br />Anyway, the movie itself is enjoyable, the score is beautiful, Tom Hulce  and F Murray Abraham give nice performances, and the visuals are nice.   This movie is much more fun when you view Mozart as he would be in modern  times:  The most outrageous rock and roll icon of our time.  When you  compare his life to that of some of our own musical legends that died  young, you see a lot of parallels, and to me, that makes the character much  easier to identify, and therefore sympathize, with.
6304613199|1.0|This movie was downright awful.  All it was was a special effects vehicle in which we could be treated to watching dinosaurs attack for 2 hours.  There was no plot whatsoever.  The book and the movie have no relationship  whatsoever.  The book had a plot.  The movie did not.  I fail to see why  this movie made that much money.  I could give a **** about special  effects.  Give me something interesting like Apt Pupil or Star Wars over  this anyday!
0395645662|5.0|Many people wish for total equality among people.  I think that this book captures that feeling in a frightening way.  After reading this book, you can imagine the way life would be if our futures were predetermined all in  the name of equality.  It made me grateful for all the differences that we  do have, and for the ability to make our own choices and mistakes.  A  powerful book for any age group.
0152465030|5.0|I first got hold of this book when I was 16. An age when life somehow turns turbulent for no reason at all. It has been my &quot;Guide to Life&quot; since. Now I have the French, Dutch, Norwegian, Finnish, Danish,  Swedish, Portugees, Spanish, Italian, Hungarian, Polish, Russian, Japanese,  Chinese and Tagalog (Philippine) versions of the book. If only all the  children in this world would have the chance to read - and appreciate -  this book, then they will finally have the chance to grow up as human  beings.
0385484518|5.0|I read this book in 2 hours and now I want to buy it to reread everytime I feel that I'm not appreciating life and love.  Mitch and Morrie have a beautiful relationship that few people experience due to the pressures of  our society.  This novel makes you stop and think about what is truly  important in life...why are we here?  I gained a true appreciation for the  beauty of love and relationships from reading this novel and will pass it  on to all of the people that I love.
B00000FYIL|4.0|Like the film, the soundtrack tells a deeply emotional story with wit and charm.  Rather than leaving you humming a pop tune (leave that for the vast majority of other soundtracks), it succeeds in creating a complex  multi-level mood; both romantic and triumphant.  This is subtle music,  which manages to get under your skin amidst all the loud cacophany we are  subjected to by the usual entertainment fare.  One could almost catagorize  this as a bridge between the sugary sentimentality of the familiar, and the  sometimes cold intellectual approach of artists such as Philip Glass. Don't  look for period music, here.  Although there are certainly touches  throughout, they are sprinkled in delicately with the occassional  instrument or two joining the wider orchestra.  This soundtrack succeeds,  as does the film, in bridging the centuries.
B000002G1Y|4.0|Just when you think John Hiatt has said all he has to say, out he pops with another cracking album.  My friend Lucy in London will love it.
B000000OQF|5.0|&quot;I used to do a little but a little wouldn't do  So the little got more and more  I just kept tryin' to get a little better  Said a little better than before&quot;  Appetite is a great album that shows the highest  level of rock and roll.All the songs have the guns  n'roses face, and the  lyrics show the great composers that all of the gunners are.The variation  that appears song by song is just huge(just check Mr. Brownstone's first  riff then listen to the sweet child o' mine first riff).Axl's voice is very  loud and punky, and Slash is the best guitarrist in the world!
6303282237|5.0|Director Anthony Mann has a big hit on his hands with &quot;El Cid&quot;. It stars Charlton Heston as Rodrigo Diaz of Bivar, known in history as &quot;El Cid&quot;. A man who has the courage of a thousand men and a man  who has the vision to be just. This movie features some of the most  stunning battle scenes on film. Sophia Loren turns in an excellent  performance as Rodrigo's wife Chimene. The thing I believe steals the film  is a spectacular score by Miklos Rosza. (which deservedly got an Oscar  nomination)  This is a film to see and see again. A wonderful movie!!
0792836510|5.0|Although it is with extreme difficulty that i rate this movie the best western ever made, simply because there is such stiff competition, namely Unforgiven and the Wild Bunch (rounding out my top 3), let this slight  indecision speak nothing of the value of the movie as a cinematic  masterpiece and landmark of the greatest genre in film.  Eastwood, van  Cleef, and Wallach are captivating as the three fastest guns in the West.   Unlike Unforgiven, which attacks the stylized form bestowed upon the  Western genre (to a great degree by Leone) and displays the dark side of  gunslinging by analysing its moral context with grimly realistic,  disturbingly anticlimactic death scenes, Leone's masterpiece revitalizes  the western film as an artform, promoting the aesthetic of the Western  genre.  The style and choreography of the movie in the cemetary showdown  has not been matched in cimematic history.  A must see for any western fan.
6305252521|5.0|HAVEN'T SEEN THIS MOVIE YET?<br />YOU GOTTA SEE IT!!!<br />HIGHLY RECOMMENDED BY JERRY FROM NEW JERSEY
B00000G3PA|1.0|Idiotic story.  Insulting technical innacuracies.  Annoying, super-fast cuts with endless problem scenarios that were absolutely ridiculous.
0553266306|3.0|Your basic thriller. Nothing special. A quick, engaging read that is good for long flights.
0780622553|5.0|DARK CITY beautifully and effectively combines elements of science fiction and film noir. John Murdoch (Sewell) awakens in a hotel room with a murdered woman and total amnesia.  We follow him through a (as the title  might suggest)  dark, labrenthine city where the landscape--and even the  inhabitants--keep shifting.  Humanity, as he discovers, has become the  subject of an experiment by an alien race.  The Strangers, as the aliens  are called, seek to save their race by discovering what gives humans their  individuality  and instinct for survival. Not only is this a brilliant,  original, and awe-inspiring movie, but the DVD is GREAT!  There are 2  commentaries, one by the director, screenwriter, and other creators, and  the other by critic Roger Ebert. The only downer was that it also includes  (supposedly) an interactive game, which I couldn't get to work. I very much  recommend this highly original film, especially in the DVD format.
0800184327|5.0|Up until now, &quot;Dirty Dancing&quot; is a movie that has never been able to be replaced as a favorite in my heart, until now. I just rented the &quot;Dance with me&quot; last weekend, I even didnt return it right away,  so I could keep watching it, and today, I returned the movie and bought the  CD. If your like me, who used to love to dance, competitively or for fun,  it will make you want to go back.
0790734060|4.0|In my opinion, this movie is really crucial. It shows the exactly how Mozart died..and it was so sad even i could cry. and I hope he didn't die... but great great movie...
0684843749|3.0|Definetely not worth the $ if you have the first edition. The info is outdated and will lead to serious overtraining(unless you use anabolics). The pics are great, however, and so are the history of BB chapters.
044022165X|5.0|It has been a long time since I read a book that had me laughing as much as &quot;The Rainmaker&quot;! (and I read a LOT of books) I loved to see the Big Boys get cut down to size and I really enjoyed how there was no way  to tell what was coming next!  One of Grishams BEST! (amd I have read  almost all of them)
0060273224|5.0|I read this book in 7th or 8th grade (it's hard to remember which), and many years later, I still enjoy it.  It was great to read about necromancers who used their powers for good, not evil.  In response to the  previous review: The system of bells, etc., lends reality to the magic.  It  really isn't that confusing (remember, YOUNG ADULT category). Also, playing  fantasy games doesn't neccessarily mean you understand fantasy--it is a  topic too complex to cover in role-playing sessions.
B000002I8D|4.0|I love this album, it's great as each track is so different. There is something for everyone in hear. The last track of the album is superb, on a par with 'In the Air Tonight'.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Listened to a tape of this CD a friend made for me, and boy did this girl blow my mind.  I listened to the Fugees CD when it came out like it was the only record on the island, and now my New York heart's been tapped by this  New Jersey girl's debut solo shout.  Religiously crafted, with a sermon  you've been wantiing to hear, *The Miseducation* lays bare the soft insides  and the busted bones of this girl's life in a strong, sweet, and soulful  cycle of hip-hop/reggae/R&amp;B songs that take the best of cutting-edge  electronic hip-hop production and keep it grounded with vocals that soar  like Stevie Wonder, and hard-line rap declarations that prove that Ms. Hill  can declaim with the best of them.  She even brings in the doo-wop.  She's  gonna tell it like it is, and make you like it too, making the personal  political, and vice versa.  There's a reason everyone's raving about this  record.  I recommend you buy it before you get embarrassed that you didn't.   I know what I'm doing with *my* next paycheck.
0380789019|5.0|I was so entranced by this book that New York became somewhere else. The subways I always travel on became subsitutes for those in London.  The phrase &quot;Mind the gap&quot; still bothers me while I'm waiting for the  1 train at 59th street.  I lent Neverwhere to a friend of mine and she  wanted the book cover, but I refused to give it to her, fearing that she  would harm it.  I know that doesn't really have anything to do with a book  review, but it speaks volumes about the book itself.
0393038912|5.0|Jarod explains how we all got where we are
0812931017|5.0|&quot;Losing My Virginity&quot; is a refreshing change to the usual business autobigraphy. Richard Branson is not like the usual businessman and it reflects in his writing and his experiences.
0800141326|1.0|I have always been a big fan of Godzilla, so when I learned that a big budget, Americanized Godzilla movie was being released, I was overjoyed. However, reality soon dashed any hopes I had for this movie.  First off,  the acting is terrible. I have no idea who that blonde girl was  (Broderick's girlfriend) but she gave one of the worst performances I've  ever seen. Broderick himself gave a lackluster effort that at times was  painful to watch.  All of that could be forgiven if the story were up to  par. However, Godzilla manages to screw up in about every way. First of  all, why is Godzilla treking across America, from the Pacific Ocean to New  York? Why not just nest in LA? It boggles the mind.  Other goofy plot  points include: Godzilla as an asexual organism, no atomic fire, the whole  cough...cough..Jurassic Park...baby Godzilla attack scene.  This movie is  simply terrible. If you are lookng for a current Godzilla movie, go find  Godzilla 1985 or Godzilla vs. Biollante. This over-hyped, over-blown  mish-mash is not worth the effort to see.
6303942830|5.0|OK, so maybe it's not completely accurate to the book, but it's a great movie nonetheless.  The cinematography is unbelievable--each scene is choreographed perfectly.  The score is unbelievable, and I highly recommend  the soundtrack.  The first half hour of the movie is a little slow, but  after that you will be caught up in the story.  An amazing movie--worth  watching over and over!
0812550757|4.0|I'll admit that I preferred the story line of the first book compared with this one.  &quot;Speaker for the Dead&quot; seemed to take on a few &quot;Fantasy&quot; qualities that weren't present in &quot;Ender's  Game&quot;.  I still found the book entertaining, and this is mostly due to  how Card tells a story.  He has kept the story entertaining enough that I  very much look forward to the remaining books in the series.
0517122707|5.0|That pretty much sums it up...hilarious! Excellent book...one of my top 10.
6305181810|4.0|This was a very good film.  It's subtle humor is woven neatly with a heroic story of a lawyer (Damon) trying his first case. He puts a huge insurance company out of business by uncovering there scams.  It's hard to  put into words the strength of the images in this film.
B000006OS2|1.0|The DVD version of this movie is awful. The picture is fuzzy, the sound is bad, it's not in widescreen, and you miss a lot of the movie.I would not waste your money on the movie, only watch it if it's free! It's a shame  too, the movie it self is a great movie.
B000002MTU|2.0|I expected great things from this album as I am a Clapton fan, but the result to me is rather dull. The tracks are too perfect copies and sterile. Not a single solo he plays stands out, apart from 'I'm torn down' and that  is so similar to the original Freddie King version. I found the whole thing  to be rather soporific. There is just no comparison with his incandescent  playing with the Bluesbreakers back in 1966, or for that matter from 1975  (EC was here) or even 1980 (Just one Night). I would much rather have the  originals. If he wanted to do these tracks again, why not put a bit of  himself into it? At the moment it sounds just like &quot;Clapton plays  blues greats&quot; and sounds all the worse for it.<br />I enjoyed his live  versions of these songs when he was incredible, but on CD they just sound  overproduced and dull. What a hyped recording!
6304211740|2.0|This is the worst version I have ever seen of Jane Eyre as of yet.  While none of the versions I have seen live up to the beauty of the novel,  others have come much closer than this version.  I thought the movie was  simply dull and boring, lacking passion between the two main characters;  passion that needs to be there in order to make the movie successful.
6305229449|5.0|Mulan's story sets a wonderful example for the children who watch it.  Girls who watch it will become empowered by its feminist undertones.  For boys, the film demonstrates how one can be macho and sensitive.  And for  adults, the movie has enough humor and plot to hold their attention too!
0609603086|1.0|I can't believe this book is by the same author that brought us The Eye of the Needle and The Pillars of the Earth.  This book really stinks!  Poor plot, poor character development; just a really poor book! This book  doesn't really deserve one star!<br />  I have always been a great Follett  fan and usually look forward to his new releases.  I've read all his works.  The last three books . . .  to be honest, I really suffered getting  through them.  I kept thinking it was a phase.  I don't think I'll buy  another Follett book again.  He has totally sold out, or is dead and they  got some kid using his name making up these idiotic stories.  I feel like  an idiot because I have read it and now I'm wasting my time writing this  review.  In fact, I think I've put more energy into this review than Ken  did with this book.  Does anybody know any good historical fiction authors?
6303566448|5.0|Lovecraft's play on words style is synthesized on film. Instead of words, the play is on images. In this case the images are gore. Gore repeated until it becomes meaningless, like repeating a word over and over.<br />The  real horror is that the wholesome boy next door we meet at the beginning of  the film becomes the monster at the end.
0385484518|5.0|I rarely say this about a book, but was very reluctant to pick it up.  However, I was very pleased and I found that I could not put it down.  The book is a quick read (3 hours max) but it is very insiteful and you learn a  lot about life.
0517122707|5.0|Avoid reading this book in public. People will think you're strange for laughing so hard alone.<br /><br />Ok I'm editing my review. Please people, if you rate this book a one-star and did not think it was the funniest book you ever read, please write down what book(s) you did think were funny, if any. It would be a great service to people who have the opposite sense of humor.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn is gettin' it on and I love every moment.  The snippets of classroom rapport betwixt songs are marvelous and real.  As a teacher, I love the honesty and candor of the kids on board the album. And who is the  teacher? He is amazing! Could he be for real or has he plagiarized from  Dangerous Minds?  I speak for all my friends when I say that Hill's song  about her boy Zion is incredibly moving.  Keep singing your heart out.   What a gift to your son.  I recommend this album highly for people who are  just beginning to delve into the rap and r&amp;b worlds.  5 stars isn't  enough.
0898159156|5.0|Get this book even if you don't love carnivorous plants
B00000DHTF|4.0|Most die-hard fans have the majority of the songs, but this is truly an excellent package. Could have left out Pink Cadillac, and included some live cover tunes. Can't wait for something similar in the future; he has  plenty of other songs in his repertoire. I'm really excited for the tour
B00000DCHI|5.0|Billy Joel's Greatest Hits Vols. 1 and 2 gives a very good synopsis of the first 15 years of his career and shows his many sides (the balladeer in &quot;Just the Way You Are&quot;, the rude New Yorker in &quot;Big  Shot&quot; and the storyteller in &quot;Piano Man&quot;).  Billy Joel was  and is not a one-note musician who sticks to a particular style.<br />I  understand the criticisms expressed by other reviewers as to the songs  included or omitted in the collection.  &quot;Honesty&quot; definitely  belongs in the set and I can't understand why it was left off.  &quot;Only  Human Second Wind&quot; is a mediocre song, but it was a new song when this  collection was first issued in the mid-80's and new songs on greatest hits  records are standard fare for generating additional sales from people who  already own all the artist's albums.<br />Overall, despite its flaws, Billy  Joel's Greatest Hits Vol. 1 and 2, is one of the best greatest hits  collections ever issued.  A must!!
0385484518|3.0|After all I'd heard about Tuesdays With Morrie, I figured this book would wind up on my list of favorites.  It was destined for greatness, but lacked that something special to actually realise it's potential.  After reading  Tuesdays, I'm left craving for something more moving...
B00000DR52|5.0|The movie was excellent but the music is what made the movie.  The classic chinese instruments with classical violins, etc. sets an amazing mood to the soundtrack.  It is definitely a keeper.  I would reccommend this CD to  anybody who appreciates classical, ethnic, or just a good find.
0767805712|5.0|Gattaca reminded me of a literary masterpiece with unfolding layers of symbolism that added meaning upon meaning.  It's compelling story is married to remarkable cinematogrophy and wonderful acting.  The scene of  Jude Law struggling up a helix-like staircase, seemingly representing his  struggle to live up to his genetic superiority, is stunning, as are  countless other scenes.  Truly one of the best films ever made in all the  relevant categories.
0316152196|5.0|Micheal, you did it again!  You rushed the ending of &quot;Bloodwork&quot; and then did likewise with &quot;Angels Flight.&quot;  You made me feel as if you were tired of writing and thought, &quot;Hey, just lemme find a way  to finish this thing.&quot;  Don't get me wrong -- I enjoyed the novel  immensely, as I have all of your others.  On another note, isn't it about  time you followed up on the whereabouts of special agent Robert Backus  (from &quot;The Poet&quot;)?  I keep checking the L.A. storm drains,  expecting him to emerge at any time.  Don't leave us fans wondering,  Michael.
0312853238|5.0|If I had to put my finger on what makes Card such a good writer, it's that he can effortlessly put a picture in your mind simply by describing it with words.  Somehow, Card has found a way to project every detail of scenery,  sound, and emotion into your mind, making for a -totally- immersive novel.       I have never experienced a novel that so completely provided all the  details of action while it happens, but yet does it in such a way that it  doesn't slow down the pace of the story.  Unreal.  The best book I have  ever had the pleasure of reading; anyone who claims it was boring simply  wasn't paying attention.
630463949X|5.0|The band is still tight.  The video crystal clear and the dolby digital sound a big WOW!  An almost perfect DVD.  The first few songs don't show off the capabilities of DVD all that much but keep listening.  As the  concert progresses, it appears that the 5.1 audio gets stronger and  stronger.  A great DVD to show off to your friends still in surround sound  mode, or even worse, stereo.
0780624890|5.0|The mood in Blade is dark and dire, and the DVD format is able to communicate this with more emphasis than any other format, short of the theater.  Loaded with action, Blade brings the fun of the Comic Book home,  but, again, in a much darker way.  Wesley Snipes is excellent in the title  role - many complain of the &quot;poor&quot; acting.  But, the attitude and  tone for this character are right on.  Snipes plays Blade as a reserved,  cynical character who appears to be on the edge - constantly.  And,  rightly, he is.  The other leads in the film are excellent, except for  Stephen Dorff - he's outright fantastic as the evil Deacon Frost.  His  attitude and on-screen presence rival even Snipes for the 'Lead' in this  film.  But, if you enjoy the 'gothic' vampire tales, this one is probably  not for you.  These are the vampires of the 1990's, and they are not  romantic in the genre of &quot;Dracula&quot;.  They are brutal and  horrific.  These are the 'gangs' of the night, if you will.  The  transitition from big screen to DVD leaves little to be desired.  The  format allows a complete transition, and with the right equipment - a truly  awe inspiring experience.  The action, explosions, fight scenes, and the  imaginative cinematography culminate into a package of total eye and ear  candy.  Dolby AC-3 (and to a lesser degree) Dolby Surround will please you  with seperation of sounds, full use of all 6 (if you have them!) speakers.   And, the bass in this film gets a true workout!  Be prepared!  Though, this  one is not for the kids or the squeamish - extremely graphic, strong  language - it is a wonderful movie to enjoy.  Sit back, pop some pocorn,  grab a beverage, turn it up to 11, and enjoy!  Oh, and take the time to  review (before or after - makes no difference) the added extras.  Along  with the feature film is some cool material like an alternate ending, the  introduction to the Houses of Erebus, Designing Blade, the Origins of  Vampires, Theatrical Trailer, etc.  Plus, two seperate commentary tracks to  enjoy.  Two VERY interesting perspectives on the film.  Bottom line:  This  movie and DVD ROCKS!
6305252521|3.0|I was disappointed by this movie when I saw it.  Essentially it is a remake of the cult 1960s British TV series &quot;The Prisoner&quot; but I'm afraid it comes in a poor second. In &quot;The Prisoner&quot;, the mystery  associated with a man trapped in a surreal imaginery world is maintained  throughout the entire TV series.  In &quot;The Truman Show&quot;, the  producer lets the secret out of the bag in the very first scene!!  Trust  Hollywood to ruin a good idea...
B000002AZX|5.0|This album wasn't released in the USA because of lack of interest in Cohen's work, but did very well in Europe. It's Cohen's most personal work about his longing for religious comfort and human warmth and reflects  memories from his past. It took me a while to fully appreciate it because  it can't be compared with his earlier stuff, but I do now agree with Cohen  himself that this probably is one of his best albums. My favourite songs  are &quot;Night comes on&quot; and &quot;The law&quot;, but all the songs  are good. &quot;If it be you will&quot; is an excellent prayer and to many  people one of Cohen's most enchanting songs. Cohen did it again, a great  album
0800132343|5.0|Excellent film that has yet to be matched in all aspects:  accuracy, believability, technical, and script.  If you have any interest in this genre, see this film.
0140430350|5.0|I am reading Vanity Fair for a college class at school and discovered that it is a really good book, it is a book that I would read on my own independently,The characters are people you can envision in today's society  and say that are very unusual and yet oyu would want to find out what is  behind their demeanor.
B000002UAU|4.0|Yeah, this is a great album and all, but it's no PET SOUNDS. . .
6305169187|5.0|This movie is for anyone who ever wanted to stay in there seats and get just one more ride on the roller coaster without having to get back in line again!  That what this movie is, a nonstop roller coaster that take you on  a two and a half hour ride and leaves you wanting more when it finaly comes  to a stop.
B000005RXF|5.0|Let's get it straight - POP couldn't really be better. After Achtung Baby, the problem was how to follow it? Not with Zooropa anyway. Bono was right on when he noted the difficulties of writing and recording a record on tour  and Zooropa had clear symptoms of that particular illness. <br />POP was a  return to form - proven by the way it blasted to the top of the charts and  those that didn't like POPMART must be, well, frankly, members of the  living dead! If all things stayed the same, then wouldn't life be boring?  Same POP ain't and if you haven't got it, put it in the cart.
B000002U84|5.0|The tunes soar and stick in my head.  They have for the past fifteen years.  Duran Duran had the courage to be sentimental, to be romantic. With much chargrin, I must say this is my favorite album.
6303109950|5.0|I am a very big fan of the old west and a very big fan of Wyatt Earp. This movie potrays exactly what happened to the Earps and Doc Holiday. I have read every book by Wyatt earp and this movie goes right along with the  worlds of the person who was really there. I have every movie about the  O.K. Corral gunfight and this is the best one. If you like westerns then  you'll love this movie.
0790734850|5.0|Film Noir - I am beginning to suspect that this term is alienating casual moviegoers who think this is an artsy-fartsy term for some type of (grit your teeth!) art film. This is the only way I can accept the lukewarm box office numbers for L.A.Confidential, easily one of the best pictures of the year. Well, folks, that four-letter French word just means \\"dark,\\" and, whatever its origins, film noir is a most American form of movie. Humphrey Bogart in \\"Maltese Falcon,\\" Robert Mitchum in \\"Night of the Hunter,\\" Orson Welles in \\"Touch of Evil,\\" Jack Nicholson in \\"Chinatown\\".. have I got any takers yet? The darkness is the menace, or evil that threatens to overtake our protagonists, who frequently have a darkness all their own to justify their plight. Coupled with many dark night scenes, such movies portray seamy lives, on the edge. The main character is usually a private detective or criminal, but the heavy drama works just as well for cops, and so it is in L.A. Confidential.<br />Captain Dudley Smith (James Cromwell) is father figure to three officers: Jack Vincennes (Kevin Spacey) loves the media attention from his technical adviser role on Dragnet, and his pot bust of Robert Mitchum. All his celebrity arrests are written up (and staged) by a sleazeball reporter played by Danny DeVito. Bud White (Russel Crowe, Virtuosity) is your basic thug with a badge. He only roughs up real criminals, so the captain appreciates his `adherence to violence as an adjunct to the job.' With 50 pounds less muscle, we have Ed Exley (Guy Pearce), a Dudley-Doright with wire-rimmed glasses. He's due for promotion to lieutenant, but Smith cautions him against his ambition to become a detective. \\"Are you willing to create evidence to convict a man you know is guilty? Will you give false testimony to put him away?\\" he asks. \\"If not, you haven't got what it takes for detective work, boy-o.\\" Early on, Exley breaks the code of silence and testifies against White's partner, throwing him off the force. These two who had nothing in common now have a grudge. Exley survives the snub of his peers by displaying a political savvy that exceeds that of his admiring captain.<br />When a botched holdup leaves an all-night diner stacked with bodies, things get interesting. One of the victims was White's disgraced partner, and another was a high-class hooker he had encountered. Exley becomes a hero when he finds the suspects, gets their confessions, and, after they escape, hunts them down and wins the shootout. Even though he's accepted again, Exley has doubts about the whole case, and so does White, for different reasons. Vincennes finds his own tie-in, and the improbable trio independently do some digging. They all find puzzling resistance, but they keep their resolve by re-examining their motives for joining the force in the first place. The truth that comes out lays bare the corrupt underbelly of LA, much as Chinatown did.<br />Although L.A. Confidential doesn't borrow from that script, the cinematography owes it something. Many brilliant sunwashed scenes contrast not only with the night, but also to the dark reality that awaits. Director Curtis Hanson keeps things moving right along, and just when it promises to get heavy, he throws in a small mistaken identity scene to give everybody a good chuckle. Kevin Spacey is as smarmy and watchable as ever, being interesting without really stealing any scenes. James Cromwell was ready to quit acting a couple of years back, but Babe and First Contact have him back on the short list, and he delivers again here. Kim Basinger has one of her best roles, as a hooker with dubious connections to the investigation. The always-underappreciated David Strathairn plays her boss, running a stable of celebrity lookalike escorts. The breakout stars, however, are Australians Guy Pearce and Russel Crowe. Our unfamiliarity with them makes it easier to get involved in their plight, in a way we couldn't with, say, Tom Cruise and Bruce Willis. Bothgive compelling performances that should stick in your memory.<br />Another thing I should mention about film noir -- no computer graphics, no big explosions. The producers fall back on that old dodge of good actors and a good script. No wonder we don't see more film noir.
0399143904|5.0|don't listen to the lousy reviews of this book (unless of course, you don't like books that have more than just a bunch of people sitting around talking.  The plot was a bit implausable, but since when has plausibility  been the mark of a great story?  Most of the best books ever written have  been founded on implausibility, but no one seems to complain there.  If you  enjoyed some Clancy novels like THE HUNT FOR RED OCTOBER and WITHOUT  REMORSE, don't miss RAINBOW SIX
0812550706|5.0|This is a very good novel (I feel more than a little redundant saying that).  It's not my favourite work of Card's--I prefer the Homecoming series--but it is quite good.  The few people who gave it negative reviews  must be suffering from some sort of bizarre brain deficiency.
B000002H6C|5.0|The pure riffing-madness of this fantasic album made it my all-time-favorite CD. It's simply a must-have.
0792139771|5.0|this is the best film i have ever seen.it has everything,suspence,action and romance.it deserves every oscar it got
0790737973|1.0|Begin guilty of the occasional brush with bad literature, I once read Chrichton's novel and recently, with almost criminal reiteration, I rented the tape and watched the movie. Mind you, Michael Chrichton is no Borges or  Kundera, but he has a certain craftsmanship in sustaining a dramatic  tension through a story and, although Sphere is not one of his most  felicitous attempts, the guy knows at least the obvious tricks of  storytelling. He is a master of the most  obvious of them: dropping a hint,  and resolving it only 100 pages later.<br />I had to make this premise in  order to be able to say that the filmmakers didn't even elevate to this  elementary level. All the thrills are solved in a matter of minutes (e.g.  in the book it takes quite a while to understand that the starship is  terrestrial, Harry knows that something is missing and that because of that  they are all gonna die, but we don't know what it is until the end of the  book, and so on). It looks like the director didn't trust the viewers even  with the considerably reduced attention span necessary to read a Chrichton  novel, and, possibly, rightly so. <br />All the film is concentrated in strong  and rigorously self-contained cheap thrills, in the mandatory multimullion  dollar budget for visuals (how I long for a sci-fi film without a *single*  special effect, but just a rock solid story), and the mandatory  I-escape-the-final-explosion-by-three-seconds final scene which is  stretched to the limits by a uncalled for oneiric sequence of the three  inside the spaceship (oh, and by the way... what's with the unruly  proliferation of Harry's book--not present in the original novel)?<br />All in  all, I wasted my money. A film to forget.
B000002G60|5.0|Having been a longtime casual Suzanne Vega listener who never liked her enough to actually purchase an album (though &quot;Solitude Standing&quot; and &quot;99.9F&quot; have seared themselves in my brain through listening  to them on others' stereos), this album caught me completely off-guard.  It  is so smart, so wise, so sensual--God, is it sensual--that you may find  yourself constantly wanting to replay certain tracks; did she really turn  that phrase so cleverly? (&quot;Caramel&quot; &quot;No Cheap Thrill&quot;  and &quot;My Favorite Plum&quot; rank high in that respect.) What are those  mysterious instruments she has backing her up? (&quot;Lolita&quot; and  &quot;The World Before Columbus&quot; spring to mind.) How is she using her  voice--never a powerful or especially dramatic one till now--in such  enigmatic ways, with so many sly nuances?  (&quot;Stockings&quot;  &quot;Headshots&quot;) Each song is a gem when listened to on its own, but  the cumulative effect of the entire album is to feel as if one is sinking  deeper and deeper into a mystery--Vega is Everywoman and none you've ever  known before, and every door she opens leads to another, smaller door in  the labyrinth.  This is unquestionably one of the best albums by a female  singer-songwriter in the 1990's, ranking up there with the best of Sheryl  Crow, Sam Phillips, Liz Phair, Fiona Apple, Alanis Morrissette, Madonna, et  all.  Vega, cooler than any of them, bewitches so dextrously because she  does not seek our approval; she is already queen of her own dominion, and  we have the rare privilege of being allowed a fleeting, enigmatic glimpse  into it before she quietly and firmly locks the gate and pockets the key,  smiling inscrutably to herself.  Go, be seduced.
0792838068|5.0|This film is modern Shakespeare...a quintessential tragedy.  Even though it is painful to watch, and has one of the most unenlightening endings, I am compelled to watch it over, and over again.  The characters are so  dynamic and engaging.    It is best viewed on DVD, not only for visual  reasons...the soundtrack is outstanding.  Director Figgis deserves  deification for this effort.     Most people don't realize this is a love  story. It's not just some movie about a drunk and a whore.  If you're  intelligent and like finding meaning instead of having it spoon fed to you,  I recommend this film.
6305169187|4.0|If it's believability you're looking for,  you'd best keep searching. But if you want an enjoyable flick to pass the evening, Armageddon is just the ticket. <br />The storyline is a bit thin, and there some obvious blunders in  regards to the details. (e.g. Space Command is in Houston not the Pentagon)  But if you can get past such garnish, there's a juicy main course. Brain  food it's not.<br />And just as a final note, it's the only movie I've seen my  fiance cry at.
080013799X|5.0|I have watched this movie so many times, I can't count the number. I had a job that really caused me a great deal of stress and I used to come home each day and put this movie on and it cheered me up no end. The movie is  hillarious at the first screening and each time after, the observant viewer  will detect some new event that is occuring in the background. When I  showed it to my kids they fell about with laughter and can't get enough of  it. Swallows, witches, K-nigits, wizzards, rabbits and frenchman. This  movie has it all!
0679457313|5.0|It's too bad that Lisa Mason had to use review space to offer a wordy and dull review of this wonderful novel, as a vehicle for plugging her own works.  Perhaps someone should review the reviews and leave out those that  are self-serving and pretentious. i will never read anything by such a  smug, manipulative person as ms. mason.
B00000ADG2|5.0|THE SONG MAKES YOU THINK ABOUT THE IMPORTANT STUFF AROUND YOU
B000001EYW|3.0|For all of their obvious talents, the Brothers Gibb still seem to be slaves to the radio. This album is a grab bag of 90's influences that the Gibbs have adopted into their own catchy melodies. &quot;Alone&quot; cops  the opening from Springsteen's &quot;Better Days&quot;. &quot;Lover's  Prayer&quot; is 90's doo wop a la Boys To Men and others. Smoke and Mirrors  plays with the Beatles influences again. That's not to say this isn't a  good album. &quot;Obsessions&quot; is a smooth R&amp;B ride, and &quot;I  Could Not Love You More&quot; although over produced is a lovely  ballad...not unlike Celine Dion's material... The Bee Gees have a true gift  for  writing memorable melodies...but they need to take a chance and expand  their horizons. Barry Gibb is in his 50's...what's he waiting for? They  seem to be content absorbing what they hear on Top 40 and then Bee Geeizing  it. Note that the Japanese import contains the songs &quot;Rings Around The  Moon and Love Never Dies&quot;. The former better than anything on the US  album, the later at least their equal.
B00000DLVA|4.0|Have you ever seen a really good kid try his/her best to be a really bad kid?  They wear bad kid clothes and say bad kid things, but everyone can tell that they're really a good kid and the attempts they're making at  being bad are just cute?  That's the new Cardigans album.<br />These good kids  gave up the kitch and the lounge for Portishead's dark, moody trip-hop.  Though they use the same tricks and sound effects, they just don't really  pull it off the way they seemed to have intended.  What you end up with is  a cute version of Portishead with the same old Cardigans melodies over a  cheesy drum machine beat.<br />It's good.
0792839714|4.0|If there is one thing elementary chaos theory tells us, it's that ALL robots will eventually rise up and overthrow their human masters!  Well, this movie came out BEFORE chaos theory was even postulated, and they  called it dead on the money! Richard Benjamin plays a wussy, recently  divorced lawyer whose macho buddy James Brolin takes him to Delos, a  futuristic adult amusement park where fantasies come true.  Westworld,  Medieval World, and Roman World are a mechanized Sodom and Gomorrah (sp?),  where by day the lucky humans kill robot guys, and by night make it with  saucy robot girls.  Unfortunately, Sodom turns into Beiruit when, all at  once, the robots rebel and start wasting all the fat, dopy humans for whom  they've taken so many dives. This movie is kind of a modern classic, and  the performances (especially Brynner as the soulless killing machine and  Benjamin as his befuddled prey) are excellent.  However, the viewer has to  overlook some plot holes through which one could safely drive a truck....  Among my favorites: 1)  Why do the robots in Roman World, who are pretty  much programmed just to feed you grapes and get naked with you start  killing when they malfunction?  Why don't they just feed you more grapes  and have even more sex with you? 2)  When the scientist-guys are  suffocating, how come in a room full of people smart enough to design  super-human robots, no one can figure out how to bust out those little  windows in the door and let air in?  They've got chairs and ashtrays that  would presumably be hard enough to break glass...? 3)  The robot-chicks are  supposed to be indistinguishable from humans in bed, yet the guns are  programmed not to fire at humans by reading body heat.  Does this mean that  the robot-chicks have no body heat?  How much fun could it be to have sex  with a woman whose body temperature is only 50 degrees?   Please, please  don't answer that! 4)  Finally, my biggest concern:  As mentioned above,  the guns are programmedwith heat-sensors so they won't fire at humans.  So  how the hell do the guns just suddenly start killing humans when the robots  rebel?  I mean, the programming failure has NOTHING to do with the  heat-sensors on the guns!   Anyway, see this movie, because it's loads of  fun and it is, in a way, a metaphor for the evil encroachment of technology  into our everyday lives.  Just have a beer or something first so you won't  care about the stitches missing from the plot-fabric.
0790736233|5.0|First off, I love this film.  It made me think, which very few 90's films can do, and it was a great story as well.  I think that because this film was directed by Robert Zemekis (a hollywood hitmaker) and had such great  special effects, that this film was treated lightly.  I think that Contact  is a phenomenal film that explores a philosophy other than love, and that  makes it unique.  Since no one else has mentioned them, I want to send  kudos to David Morse (Ellie's father) and James Woods (that jerk security  adviser) for great performances.  Morse is maybe a little sweet, but does a  great job, and Woods gives probably his best performance.  These two great  supporting characters add a lot to Contact.
0790738074|5.0|If I were stranded on a desert island with a VCR and could only have one musical, this would be it. It's without a doubt one of the most perfect examples of the genre ever made.  Every song is a winner, and this movie  (unlike so many movie versions of musicals) is faithful to the original  stage production, no doubt because it was produced by the producer of the  Broadway play and starred many of the original cast (notably Robert Preston  as Harold Hill, one of the great characters in musicals).  What I love  about this is the charm of the story, the appeal of the characters, and  above all the catchiness and extreme cleverness of the songs; many of the  songs are more spoken than sung and thus represent a kind of early rap  music :-)  Make sure you get the widescreen version - you won't want to  miss anything.
6303985467|3.0|This movie has retained the feel of the $1.50 budget it must have had, but it does have moments of real creepiness.  There are even a couple of shocks -- the mysterious man who is following her everywhere she goes, the final  scenes in the Carnival.  It has the feverish feel of early Polanski, and  Ms. Hilligoss (Night of the Living Dead) is an unlikely (and passive!)  heroine.
B000002BMD|5.0|Being a 'Brit-Pop' fan scince the early 90's, I'd always heard about this band but never seemed to get past buying all those Oasis import singles.  When my appitite for Noel's song stylings had been quinched, I began to  search for the next grand band. Radiohead kept me going for a while, but I  needed something with a harder edge, well this is it! 'Everything Must Go'  instantly infected me with relovent lyrics and very compelling musical  stylings. If in doubt as to whether or not to choose the welsh rock path,  don't hesitate just do it!
6300151379|5.0|The humor and story are both timeless... The characters suck in you and just make you wish that you too could talk with them... just a wonderful film
0393038912|5.0|What's so provocative about the book is the reliance on biology and other hard sciences to explain history and culture. Shortly after reading  this book, I picked up Consilience by Edward Wilson. The two books share a  commitment to applying the methodology of the hard sciences to the social  sciences, to ground explanation of social events in molecular  processes.   Wilson's book is equally gripping.
0788812408|5.0|This film is filled with wonderful characters, beautiful music, and a whole lot of laughter and fun.  I remember the first time I took my daughter to see it. It was her first movie in a theater and the first time  ethier of us had seen the movie.  We were smiling at eachother and laughing  together throughout the whole show.  And the music!!  Neither of us could  stay still in our seats while they were singing any of the songs!!  When it  came out in March of 1998 I had our copy reserved and we have watched it  many times since then.  We loved it then and we cherish it now in our own  video collection!  Ariel, Eric and the rest of the characters of The Little  Mermaid have given us many special memories that will never be forgotten.   Thank you Walt Disney!<br />D.M.
B000002AZZ|5.0|This very good album is among Cohen's  best albums and he agrees to that himself. Cohen went to the Cuban revolution in order to &quot;either kill or get killed&quot;, but returned to Montreal disillusioned. Some of his  experiences over there were woven in the lyrics of this album (notably  &quot;Field Commander Cohen&quot; and &quot;There is a war&quot;) , mixed  with his problems and obsessions with women. The songs are good, catchy,  but not quite as dark as on earlier albums. More violins were added and  sometimes it sounds as if George Martin, the famous Beatles producer, had  laid his hands on this album...the &quot;I am the Walrus&quot; kind of  musical background. My favourite songs are &quot;Chelsea Hotel&quot;,  &quot; A singer must die&quot; and &quot;Take this longing&quot; . A  quality piece of music.
0800184203|3.0|it has many interesting things in it  but it also is very slow  all in all i do slightly reccomend  it  but the funniest thing  is that some people have said this was worse then showgirls.<br />that's the funniest thing ever
B0000024UF|5.0|This album is one of Cohen's classic albums and contains many brilliant songs. Still I prefere &quot;Songs of Leonard Cohen&quot; and &quot;Songs of love and hate&quot;over this one, but that's merely a matter of taste.  Songs like &quot;Bird on a wire&quot;, &quot;The Partisan&quot;, &quot;lady  midnight&quot;,&quot; You know who I am&quot; and &quot;Story of  Isaac&quot; are all classic and superb Cohen songs. No Cohen collection can  do without this album. No bad songs on this one either. Buy it, love it,  treasure it.
0441003257|5.0|I've been a fan of Gaimen's comic book writing, he has not let me down yet.
0425107469|1.0|but I think this is possibly the worst book Dean Koontz has ever written.  The only thing remotely entertaining about he entire thing was the dog. There just was no point to the hit man guy. The female character ( forgot  her name she was so shallow) was a complete wuss.  The main character  (Forgot his name too) had no meat, nothing.  He was simply there so the  book would have some plot.    I do understand the plot though.  It wasn't  that hard or all that interesting.  The government screwed up, made two  super creatures, blah, blah.  I know that is somewhat of an insult to Dean  koontz because many of his stories involve corrupt governments:  Dark  River, Soul Survivor, and Fear Nothing.  I love Dean Koontz and I  appreciate his storytelling and literary talent which are in one word  prodigious, but this one just falls short.  I believe his most recent  effort, Fear Nothing, is a much better version of Watchers.  Yes, it  doesn't move as fast and the description is sometimes a little tiring to  the illiterate, but its plot, setting, and characters are on another level  altogether.  Another aspect that I found irritating about Watchers was its  utter unbelievability.  Dean Koontz does write some wild stuff, but he  writes it in such a way that I believe his world no matter how bazarre.  In  Watchers it is the character relationships that suspends any belief that  the events in the novel would actually take place.  Watchers made Tale of  Two cities look believable.
0451160916|5.0|Simply his best. Highly recommended.<br />Moviebo
0399143904|3.0|I've read them all, and in order, I've always bought the Hardbacks.  However, the quality of the stories and the writing has been deteriorating.  Tom, it's not quantity (op center series that you didn't write, I hope)  its quality!!!  R-6 so far has just barely kept my interest, but because  I'm a big fan I will read the rest and post a more complete review.  Until  then Take your time, stories about simple yet interesting plots and simple  people can be just as captivating as crashing a 747 into the state of the  union speech, or some billionaire trying to wipe out the world.
0375701427|4.0|If for no other reason, the high writing style makes Phillip Roth's novel worth reading.  American Pastoral reaches great literary heights and is deserving of critics' acclaim.  It is, however, a book that lacks hope.   Swede and Dawn Levov were the current day Ken and Barbie.  Through their  tidy lives, they had attained the American dream.  Hard work, discipline,  beauty and charity made them the envy of their community.  They had stayed  between the lines all their lives, and it seemed to pay off.  That is,  until their only daughter desecrated their idyllic existence by committing  unspeakable crimes.  Her actions entered the plot in an almost random  manner.  And, perhaps, that's the very message of Roth's novel ... that  life is random and unfair.  Further, there is no meaning behind the  meaning.  In this respect, his premise is both painful and depressing.  If  life is indeed arbitrary, then what's the striving for?  Roth leaves the  reader searching and asking his or her own questions about the banality of  life.  He pokes literary holes in those who construct a pastoral facade to  hide their inner turmoil.
6305171769|5.0|Indeed, amazing. You might see some bad reviews like, people bashing the film for no reason.  The thing is, you have to know what you're about to watch, and it was exactly what i wanted to see. Saw it 3 times already, and  i have no words to describe it. Amazing. The soundtrack is awesome as well,  so don't mind the bad reviews - it's prolly those kinda people who go to  see 'halloween' expecting to see 'The Shining' or 'Rosemary's Baby' - oh  please, gimme a break!
0787100277|1.0|Since the book was given to me as a gift, and the giver was so taken by the novel, I was compelled to read it.  Upon being asked by my friend what I though of it, I struggled to be as gentle as possible.  She was one of  those who had been moved to tears having read the book.  I to was brought  to tears as I read the book, knowing I had to continue to struggle through  the most poorly written book I have ever read.  Summoning up my compasion I  told her that it must have some merit, since it moved her in such a way,  but that I felt nothing (to myself thinking, what a load of pathetic  dribble). I recommended that if she wanted to read authours who portray,  passion, romance, and can develope real characters, in real places, with an  ability to move the reader, she could pick anyone of a number of authours;  such as Hemmingway, Maugham, etc. These authors know how to write bold  moving stories. Waller's attempt at writing inspiring passion only succeed  in pointing out what good books are all about, by comparison to a very bad  one.
0783225903|5.0|Brazil is the film that many consider the highlight of director Terry Gilliam's carreer.  It is about an average joe named Sam Lowery who is lost in a drab world of buisness and proceedures. To escape this world he often  dreams. In his dreams he seeks the woman of his dreams, whom he later  discovers is a real person.  He persues her but runs into constant  setbacks. This version is especially worth having because, even though  unadvertised and unmarked on the case, this is the original version  released in Europe. The version released in the U.S. was about ten minutes  shorter (so is the home video.) For a fan, the extra ten minutes are a real  plus if you don't feel like shelling out the $200 for the Critereon  Laderdisc version.  The tranlation is also visulally excellent.  The  picture is incredibly clear (especially compared to my old video version.)   I'm glad this one came out.
6305074364|5.0|This is a very good adaptation of Stephen King's novel. Kathy Bates gives a remarkable performance as a crazed fan. A must see for horror fans!
6304143184|5.0|I would like to purchase this movie
6305013578|1.0|This should not even rate a star. Either wait until a &quot;speciality company&quot; issues a special edition on DVD, or buy the VHS edition issued in late 80's (with new soundtrack). See also Dark City DVD, devotes  entire special section with comparisons to Metropolis.
6303407161|5.0|Robert Redford's direction is superb, and screenwriter Paul Attanasio is at his best.  Not only is it visually and emotionally engrossing, but the intellectual aspects are so well worked in you have to watch it multiple  times to catch everything. The commentary made on the complacency and  classism of the 1950's is dead on.
0425152251|2.0|What a disappointing book! This isn't, as subtitle suggests, a novel ABOUT the history of philosophy. It merely retells the history of Western philosophy, classical Greece through existentialism.(Aren't there any  Eastern or modern philosophers?) As such it is competent enough, but if  you've had the usual smattering in school you know most of this already.  Though much of it is presented in dialogue, it is really a monologue with  occasional, mostly content-free interruptions. Innovative rebuttals,  connections, and perspectives are conspicuous by their absence. There  certainly is a fantasy story here too, and what there is of it is  entertaining, though it rarely rises to fully realized characters or to a  true sense of wonder and ambiguity that might render it three-dimensional.  But it is sparse indeed - the first significant developments occur on page  293 - and it does not, as I hoped it would, engage with the historical  narrative as illustrative metaphor, as dissent, or as counterpoint. With  the exception of some rather heavy handed dramatic irony, the two stories  seem almost shuffled together at random: interspersed certainly, but hardly  interwoven. As a clearly explained, unintimidating introduction to  philosophy it is fine, but as a novel it comes up pretty short. If you want  a philosophical novel, I'd suggest Rebecca Goldstein's The Mind Body  Problem instead.
630398021X|1.0|This is a TERRIBLE film -- poor quality visuals, no focus to the plot, mediocre performances, and the grim specter of Juliette Lewis rearing her ugly head.
006017322X|5.0|This book, though it may drag on at times is a masterpeice. i wouldn't stop reading. the one thing that bothered me though was boo radly. his disapearence left me wondering where the happy ending went, although some  say it has a happy ending.
6305169187|4.0|This was one of those movies you cannot take with a grain salt but you will have a good afternoon or evening just sitting on the couch watching.  I give it four stars for the great cast and amusing script, and for the  fact it is a great &quot;first date&quot; movie.  BUY IT!
6300270424|5.0|When I went to get this movie I really knew nothing about it,I could have been taking a risk,but I knew that anything Led did was ok by me.When I first watched it I was in shock,I wasn't lucky enough to live in the times  of  Led,but when I saw this it was like I was there at one of their  concerts,or backstage with them,I love it,I never tire of it! It definately  is a must have for any true fan of Led-Zeppelin!
6301930827|5.0|A chilling story of accidental nuclear war, By Dawn's Early light succeeds where other similar stories fail easily in terms of human drama and military accuracy.  Reminiscent of the movie &quot;Fail Safe,&quot; By  Dawn's Early Light explores the horrors of nuclear war with an all-star  cast of Powers Boothe, Rebecca DeMornay, James Earl Jones, and many more.   Unlike 99% action/1% story movies of this genre that miss the mark by far  (such as &quot;Crimson Tide&quot;),  Bruce Gilbert's interpretation of  &quot;Trinity's Child&quot;  hits the nail on the head with a tour de force  dramatic rollercoaster that culminates into a truly unforgettable ending.  By Dawn's Early Light-  A story of two nations in crisis.  A tale of two  lovers torn by war.  Two worlds.  One epic adventure of a lifetime.
B000002MY3|3.0|Alanis Moriesette presents us with a poser. Either you will love her honest singing style, or you will think she wails like a banshee. I'm still straddling the line myself. Her songs have some genuine hooks (though the  fuzzy production is overrated) and emotion. As an earlier reviewer  mentioned, she doesn't know the full meaning of irony, nor does she present  a context for it; the chorus of &quot;Ironic&quot; might as well be  &quot;and isn't irony ironic - if I knew what it was.&quot; However, the  B-part of that song (&quot;life has a funny way...&quot;) is to die for.  &quot;You Oughta Know&quot; is, well, pretty pissed off. &quot;All I Really  Want&quot; is an amusing self-parody of a vocal performance. &quot;Head  Over Heels&quot; is positive, but the harmonica solo seems ill-timed and  oddly out of place. I dunno about all this. I guess it depends what mood  you're in.
6304118392|5.0|This is my very favorite movie, and I've seen a lot of movies.  This is a satire of the current state of thing (the state of things in 1994, when the movie came out) and if anything the state of things has  gotten worse since this movie.  The acting in this movie is wonderful,  Woody Harrelson, Juliet Lewis, Robert Downey Jr. and Tom Sizemore became  some of my favorite actors/actresses, and I'd only judged that from this  one movie.  Oliver Stone directs this movie amazingly, there is always  something going on, such as a mini movie playing somewhere in the  background.  The movie almost looks like a music video!  The direction,  acting, script... everything about this movie is perfect. Its violent, its  romantic, its satirical, and its... true.  That's the scariest part.
0812548094|5.0|I hadn't really heard good things about this book before I picked it up, so I was kind of skeptical about it being as good as the first one.  I was pleasantly surprised.  Goodkind's characterization and writing just get  better in this book.  I almost cried several times.  His imagination seems  boundless...the Old World, the towers, unbelievably original!!!  I loved  it.
0679731725|1.0|This book was abominably boring and pretentious.  The protagonist was about as much fun as a roll of sandpaper Charmin.  AP English classes every year are being forced to read this mind-numbing drivel.  It must stop!
6305297525|5.0|Have you ever wondered where your thoughts go, and how they influence your life?  Have a look at this movie.  It shows the difference in thought that comes from love and thought that is based in fear.  Most importantly it is  a brilliant portrayal of how we create our reality by what and how we  think.  The film shows you that death is an illusion and that there is a  very grand purpose to life.  And for those that have not read Coversations  with God book 3, do so and see how the two are linked!
0790701251|5.0|THIS IS ABOUT AS A TRUE STORY OF PARRIS ISLAND I HAVE EVER SEEN HAVING GONE THRU P.I. MYSELF IN 1952. THE THING THAT MOST PEOPLE DONT GET ABOUT THIS FILM AND MY EXPIERENCE IS THAT 99% OF THE MARINES ARE NOT TOUCHED  (LIKE MY SELF) ONLY THE WISE GUYS AND SCREW OFFS ARE MANHANDLED BECAUSE  THESE ARE THE GUYS THAT WOULD LIKELY SCREW OFF IN COMBAT AND THEY ARE  WEEDED OUT IN BOOT CAMP AS THE REST OF STORY PROVED........
1563890119|5.0|The Sandman is, in my opinion the best whole comic series that ever existed.  Certain mini series may have been better than Sandman stories along the way, but at an ongoing, year spanning series goes, Sandman is the  very best that every happened.  This book, the beginning of the Sandman  comic is not the best Sandman story, but it still deserves the highest  rating I can give it.  Dream's (the Sandman) battle with John Dee in this  story is the most amazing fight I've ever seen in a comic, especially  because it strays from physical combat as much as possible.  And even that  scene which I rave about is not the best that this book has to offer.  Go  ahead, I dare you... read it!
630440459X|4.0|I thought this movie was great.  I got it for my nephew but I enjoyed it immensely.  I was very glad to see Robin Williams back as the genie.  His lines were hysterical.  Many of his comments were designed for an adult to  get without the child noticing.  The story had some good lessons in it,  though we could have seen more of Jasmine.  Robin Williams makes this movie  great.
B000002R0R|4.0|During the late '70s, Gentle Giant, like other progressive bands, attempted to save themselves by becoming more mainstream. A few groups, most notably Genesis, were able to cross over. Most, like the Giant, did  not. A shame really, since, as The Missing Piece shows, they were able to  write some good mainstream rock &amp; pop, without totally abandoning the  musical mathematics and love of medieval melodies that made them (almost)  famous. This is a good recording to throw on the stereo when your brain  wants its Giant, but is too tired to handle THE POWER &amp; THE GLORY.
B000005AYM|5.0|She has found a way to make the melancholic, schizophrenic world of jazz pallatable to just about anybody. I'm not saying this is some kind of commercial opportunist venture, which it might be, but it is very, very  sincere and can hit you right in the gut when you least expect it. Finally  something &quot;original&quot;........ok we've heard all this stuff  before....but it's a young fresh approach...........
6302038308|5.0|There's nothing better than a movie that's made to look so corny as this one ON PURPOSE!  Director Sam Raimi, in my mind is a genius for making things hokey or corny on purpose, to increase their shock facter, or the  laughs the certain scenes get out of you.  This movie is lacking in plot,  but I don't care, and I don't think anybody else should care.  The lack of  plot makes it an even better satire of you basic slasher horror flick.   This movie makes me laugh almost as much as the 3 Monty Python movies, and  its not even marketed as a comedy!  But it is, we all know that.  And  that's why this is great.
6305265488|5.0|Drew Barrymore does an excellent job portraying &quot;Cinderella&quot; as a strong, determined woman who doesn't NEED a fairy godmother, (just a little help from da Vinci!) Angelica Huston is magnificient as the  stepmother, extremely realistic and just a great job by all involved with  the project.
0790734850|5.0|From the first shot to the ending credits this movie has everything in it.<br />The DVD edition has some dynamite special features.
6303972810|5.0|I went to see this movie when it first came out and over the years I love it more all the time. It has a wonderful storyline and terrific characters.  It has a lot of humor, I think, and is the best film Val Kilmar has made.   The scenery is just beautiful!  I LOVE all kinds of movies, but this is my  favorite!!!
1573301043|5.0|This video is a MUST for every Celine Dion fan!! I would rate this video 10 stars and would have bought it for all of my friends if I could have!! PLEASE order this video as a gift to yourself!!  You will NOT be  disappointed in even one of the performances!!  Also, buy the CD!!!
0399143904|4.0|Rainbow Six stands apart from most of Clancy's works in that you get action up front instead of waiting the usual 200 pages of character and situation development. Seeing Clark and Chavez grow and mature, exploring  possibilities which are tenable for the future, create an absorbing story.  I enjoyed it greatly, and look forward to Clancy's next work.
0805211063|5.0|This novel had me pulling my hair out - I don't think I've EVER been so at one with the central character, as if I felt ever shiver of anger, despair, and frustration he felt.  One becomes enveloped within K.'s  angst, his  frustration with the system, of overt-correctness, and with the underlying  evil of following protocol without question - eternal protocol,  the  creator and purpose of  which has been long forgotten.  Set in today's  backdrop of Dilbert and IRS audits and sex scandals, Kafka reaches within  us to tap our frustration in a wholly unique way, leaving us unsatisfied  yet self-aware.  However, if we imagine ourselves in Kafka's shoes, a Jew  in pre-war, pro-Nazi Eastern Europe, that dissatisfaction, that  dissatisfaction transforms to true fear.
0780624157|5.0|I thoght the Goldbegg vs. DDP match was one of the best in the nineties and all the other events were great to. This is a great video if you like WCW style wrestling
0784010528|5.0|One can not go through life conciously avoiding this movie! This movie is a life story of modern history's greatest poet/songwriter. Oliver Stone at his best, Val kilmer playing the role of Jim Morrison brilliantly. This is  not another tale of a god like hero, it is a tale of life and death of a  man, who in my opinion means more to the music of today than Mozart.
0441003257|5.0|I loved this book.  As a fan of Pratchett already, reading a non-discworldian book was a big step for me.  I loved it all. From the Angel &amp; Devil that were buddies, to the four hoursemen of the  apocalypse.  This is the kind of book that Christians should read with an  open mind, and Athiests should read with a jeering smile on their faces.   For more fun, read Revelation Immediately after you finish this and see how  much you've learned!!
6304711921|5.0|If you love this film then get the DVD.  I don't remember it looking this good in a theater.  Picture and sound is razor sharp.  Only lament is the complete absence of supplementary material.  The &quot;theatrical  trailer&quot; promised on the packaging is actually a &quot;coming soon to  video&quot; trailer which, quite frankly, bites it.
0783228457|5.0|The best movie of the early 80's, for it's vision, for it's philosophy, for it's images and ideas, Videodrome is my favourite David Cronenberg movie, along with Crash and Naked Lunch.
0688062334|5.0|I am a 14yo male who lives in Michigan and just last year I was interdused to the wonderful world of Diana Wynne Jones.  This is the first book that I read of hers and it sucked me right into her legacy.  Consisting of a  wizard, Howl, and a young girl.  The two of them quickly find themselves  thrown into a world of deception, where nothing is really as it seems.  I  hope that you enjoy this book as much as I did, and that you will find  yourself curled up with one of Mrs. Jones prodidious novels, not wanting to  put it down.  Also, please e-mail if you have any comments on my review-  good or bad.
6305265488|5.0|I went to see a lot of movies this summer, and this one is the best! Barrymore does a very good job at playing Danyelle, and the prince guy...well, he does an adequate job, I guess. The movie line is a  cinderella story that actually could have happened. It was one of my  favorite movies of all time. I very highly recommend it to everyone.
6305229449|5.0|For all the hype about &quot;Prince of Egypt&quot; being an &quot;adult&quot; film, it's funny to me that it doesn't even come CLOSE to being as adult and challenging as &quot;Mulan&quot; (...nd the animation  and color are much better, too!!).  Aside from the AWFUL &quot;disco&quot;  epilogue (the very final 2 minutes of the film with the dancing elders),  &quot;Mulan&quot; is a terrific film.  Here's hoping Disney puts back in  the 2 scenes they cut just before the original release.
6303921248|5.0|Watch this show over and over, but each time watch a different character. Each background character is telling his/her own story. They are more than window dressing.  <br />I live in a town where 'class structure' is  predominant. There are the 'haves' and the 'have nots'. I'm on the 'wrong  side of the track' for the 'haves', but I was invited to a community  potluck at the local club house. The first 2 hours of this movie is REAL:  Darcy refusing to dance with the poorer person; the Bingley women  back-biting and talking down to the Bennets and Sir William; Darcy walking  away from Mr. Collins who is in a middle of a sentence when Mr. Collins is  attempting to be friendly and polite; the poorer people (Mrs. Bennett)  insulting Mr. Darcy every opportunity they can and Mr. Darcy treating the  insults with contempt. I saw it all (and lived part of it --- I was  Lizzie). I spent only 2 hours at this potluck and believe me, when Lizzie  says, &quot;Not withstanding your Excellent Mr. Bingly, I've never been so  happy to leave a place in my life&quot;, all I could think was &quot;You  and Me Both!&quot; <br />The actors in this movie so accurately portrayed the  characters and the lines. I read the book in college and loved it. But  seeing it fleshed out made me feel like I knew these people. <br />Any time I  get depressed, or I have to deal with the local Darcy's and Mrs. Bennetts  (or Lady Catherine DeBergs --- yes, she is REAL also), I put on this movie  to help me laugh at reality.<br />I strongly recommend this movie to anyone.  It is my favorite of all time.
0671015206|2.0|I thought the book would divulge some secrets that we normal people wouldn't know.  The ideas expressed are mostly common sense things most of us already know.  For example, don't buy new cars, only buy quality used  vehicles since someone else has already suffered the depreciation.  Some  minor tips on how to save money, but they should have told us how to save  $21.50 by not buying this book.  Put the $21.50 in your money market and  get a good financial advisor or planner.
0345423496|1.0|I found this book too far fetched, even for the grand imagination that I have.  The plot was too focused on the human aspects of Frank Poole and not focused enough on the thing that made the 2000 series great --  the  monolith.  It seems to me that Clarke expended too much energy on  introspection and human drama.  The fabricated plot surrounding the  Monolith seems like it was put in there to give a semblance of credibility  to the fact that this story really shouldn't take place.  All in all a  disappointment.
0783114222|5.0|I was not born during the events that transpired during the time.  But this is how history should be taught.  It not only showed the events everyone knows about but shows the things that happened behind the scenes,  like trying to figure out who was going to walk on the moon first and the  whole investigation behind Apollo One.  I never even heard of Apollo One  before seeing Apollo Thirteen. Which is pretty sad.  Nobody these days  shows the patriotism that was shown in those days.  We sent a ship to Mars  and, sure it made news for about one week, but now who really cares.  If  you mentioned Apollo Eleven everybody knows that, but ask them something  else like what was the name of the landing site on Mars they wouldn't know.   <br />This set should be shown in schools.  I just can't wait for Tom Hanks'  new HBO series about WWII.
078401213X|5.0|This movie shows that, while those who follow trends make money, those who follow their own path make history.  This movie is a powerful and unique statement in the Science Fiction genre.  My view of Sci Fi, film and art in  general have been forever changed by seeing this movie.
6305252521|5.0|Go Truman. The best film of 1998 is, (surprisingly) a Jim Carrey drama!!! Carrey gives an unflinching performance as Truman, the unwitting celebrity who was once an unwanted child. On the outside, Seahaven Island is a normal  town. But take a closer look, and you'll see Hollywood working its magic to  exploit a human life. You pick up something new every time.  Carrey for  Best Actor, Truman for Best Picture, and Weir and Niccol for Director and  Screenplay.
6305229449|5.0|Disney has produced excellent children films, but I believe they have out done themselves with Mulan.  I will continue to purchase Disney films for my children as long as they are prouduced.
0440131480|5.0|Breakfast of Champions is Vonnegut for people who hate Vonnegut. It's ironic, it's witty, it's fourth dimensional, it pushes the literary medium further than ever, but most of all: it's funny. The little details are  fantastic, you want to say, &quot;you can't make this stuff up.&quot;  Vonnegut's alter ego Kilgore Trout, the anti-social science fiction writer  for porno magazines, gets into all sorts of wacky adventures on his way to  a convention. The synopsises of Kilgore's stories are so clever and  satirical you almost wish they were novels too! Buy it, you'll love it.
0375703241|4.0|Clancy has pulled off another great book.  But not as good as Patriot Games or The Hunt for Red October.  This is because usually an author can only make only one or two exceptional books.  There are exceptions and to  date Clancy is not one of them.  Yet this book was a good read that was a  little long but hey, a few all nighters never hurt anyone.  In all it is a  great book with a good plot, detail and charecter development.
6304618344|5.0|This movie is at or near the top of my top ten. John Woo did it again, as he did with Broken Arrow. Travolta and Cage were absolutly Excellent! Acting, music, directing, effects; are just Great. Non-stop action, I was  glued to my seat for the whole movie. I HIGHLY recommend it!
B000000W3G|5.0|Every song  sounds great.  You'll play it once and want to play it all over again.  I didn't even like Pumpkins until I heard Adore and this was the second album(box set) I heard by them and enjoyed it just as much.  It  is definitely worth the money. Get it. You won't regret it.
0345350499|5.0|i enjoyed reading this book a lot, it isnt often that i come across a book that i like this much. i think it will become a classic. for those readers that rated this book very low because it did not correspond with the way  things really were in that point of time, i just want to ask you who stole  youre imagination?
0451174291|3.0|I got this book out of the library when &quot;A Room With a View&quot; was not to be found, and I thought it was fine.  Interesting, although the story didn't really start until it was practicall over.  I mean to say, it  takes forever to get going.  Then I read &quot;A Room With a View,&quot;  and I have to say that comparing the two books makes &quot;Howards  End&quot; seem dull and cold and drawn out and the characters unlikeable  and irritating.  If you want to read a great E.M. Forster book, Read  &quot;A Room With a View,&quot; which is truly a beautiful novel.
6304618344|5.0|This movie was awesome.  The plot itself was a little silly, and the special effects were good, but the best part was:  The acting!!!! I found it totally enjoyable to watch Cage and Travolta verbally and physically  spar.  Total fun!  Cage is a great hero, but no one plays a villain like  Travolta.  I also loved the way this movie was filmed - the camera shots  were truly brilliant.  A REAL HIT!!!!!!!!!
6304535570|5.0|A wonderfull mystery set in Moscow, a brief scene in Berlin's Temphelhof Airport, and Oxford, England.  The theroy is a beautiful scientist has just discovered the forula for cold fusion.  The Movie is highly reccomended in  my opinion
078062369X|5.0|This film brings back the classic sword fight scenes of the early Zorro's, and gunfights worthy of High Noon.  Wesley Snipes has the ultimate vampire hunter thing going here.  The sword fights are not anticipatory of where  the strikes are going to be, as they are in most of these movies. While  some parts of this film may be a little graphic, it shouldn't bother most  viewers and the rest of the film makes up for it.  This is a definite must  see.
0385484518|5.0|Tuesdays with Morrie is not only uplifting, but honest and heartfelt. If one does not come away from this book with a new outlook on how you should be living life, you need to go back and read it again. We can all learn  something from Morrie.
0788805843|1.0|This movie proves that Disney does not care about the stories they copy! The Lion King was closer to Hamlet then this was to the original myth. Every single mythological character was messed up horribly! The Titans are  monsters, Pegasus is a basically flying dog, and the gods are silent  shadows of their former self! I expected to find some things different,  like not having Hercules killing his wife and Family, but I at least  expected some Labors! The jokes are either for people who know Latin, or  for five-year-olds, nothing in between. And to top it off the animators  tried to make a stylized slanted look to the animation, which ended up  making it look like a Saturday Morning cartoon!  There are much better  Animated movies out of there like Prince of Egypt, Mulan, Aladdin, Antz,  and a Bugs Life. Stay away from this movie!
0060168366|5.0|The author covers five centuries of American history and illustrates how one period flows into or causes the next. Elements of politics, religion, economics, social forces, and science/technology are carefuly woven  together into a masterpeice. I felt a sense of sadness when  I neared the  end of the book, knowing full well I am unlikely to ever experience  anything like it for the rest of my life. I only other time I ever felt  this way was when I read Modern Times by the same author.
6303832563|5.0|Although I haven't seen this film in eight years, I can never forget the splendid blending of image and music.  This is not just for environmentalists or Philip Glass enthusiasts.  It can be enjoyed by all,  including children.  I hope that it is released soon in conjunction with  the recent re-release of the complete score on audio.
6302732786|5.0|Phenomenal show, great sound, tremendous camera work.  A must if you're a true Queen fan.  No one should miss Elton John and Axl Rose doing their &quot;Bohemian Rapsody&quot; duet.  I have played this video so many times,  I'm on my second cassette.  I can't break this one, because it is so hard  to find.  Please, please put this out on DVD!!!!
0788811355|1.0|The cinephotography was good, but thats it.  This movie was horrable, could you people please explain to whats so enjoyable about watching a man  that was burned beyond recognition slurp canned milk trough a straw while  thinking about his depressing past.  The best part of this piece of  cinegraphic crap, was the 3 second scene of the guy trying to hit him with  the airplane.  If you want to see the best drama ever created, watch  Braveheart.
0679457313|2.0|If you have nothing else to read I'd read this.  I was often confused by the writing style. This is NOT a beautifully written book, the exotic location and family disfunction it what holds your interest.
B000009VOL|5.0|I have a label called Bella Union here in London, and would I have heard Cat Power's first demos I would have walked over hot coals to put this out. Chan has the most arresting delivery of any woman working in music today.  Having been in the Cocteau Twins for 16 years I have the privilege of  working with one of the most emotive singers in Liz Fraser, but Chan looks  deep into my soul. &quot;Say&quot; is frighteningly good, &quot;Metal  heart&quot; makes me weep, and I thank god that in this vile business where  major labels can destroy creativity in a moment, it is reassuring that  there are other people who recognise a talent so rare. I was also drawn to  this record by drummer Jim White &amp; guitarist Mick Turner from the Dirty  Three who we release on our label!!  Thank you boys.
0451169514|5.0|Have you ever heard a song from your childhood, something you haven't heard in many years? That strange feeling that you get, as if you were suddenly back there - that's what it's like for the entire time you are  reading 'IT'. I've read it 4 times, and I've had this same sensation each  time. When the book is open in my hands, it's as if the world around me is  blacked out, and I am back in the 1950's growing up. And that's why the  horror in this book succeeds so well; you can feel truly afraid because you  are propelled back to the way you thought when you were a kid. I've read  hundreds of books by many different authors, from Charles Dickens to Elmore  Leonard, but only a handful have had that complete magic that you can't  really explain to someone else. It's just there, and you are thankful that  you've been lucky enough to find it. Those who are fans of Tolkien's 'The  Lord of the Rings' (a story that remains one of my favorites, even at age  39), you know the magic that I mean. An author is fortunate if he/she can  capture it once in a lifetime. I have really enjoyed many other Stephen  King stories, and some of his others not so much. But this, to me, is his  crowning acheivement, a book I intend to read many more times in my life.  I've worn out my hardcover copy, so I think I'll buy the paperback, also  saving me from having to work on my upper body strength before reading in  bed.
6305128944|5.0|I am Lynn Marie Harvey, one of the author contributors of &quot;Our Best Friends:  Wagging Tales to Warm the Heart.&quot;  Besides breeding dogs for over 50 years, my family has always kept horses. I am a member of the  American Horse Shows Association &amp; what is known as &quot;an A circuit  show rider.&quot;  Horses are often romantically portrayed on films, such  as in &quot;The Black Stallion.&quot;  In reality horses that are  traumatized due to ignorant handling, abuse or accidents most often have to  be put down.  They must be put down because their behavior, just like  Pilgrims's behavior, poses a danger to humans.   &quot;The Horse  Whisperer&quot; offers hope to horse owners that their beloved companions  could possibly be rehabilitated if an accident were to happen, such as a  traffic accident in which a horse trailer overturns.   &quot;The Horse  Whiperer&quot; realistically presents the horse.  He is an easily  frightened herd animal who must be reassured by his owner, not mastered by  brute force.  The relationship between human and horse is one of trust and  nothing else.
0671004107|1.0|Carl Sagan may be a brilliant public relations man for science.  And for that I thank him.  But he should have stuck to TV shows.  I struggled to enjoy this book and eventually stopped halfway through.  The general story  line is okay, although rather prosaic, and done before, but his writing and  development of characters is pathetic. I got no feeling for the passion  that drives anyone to seek understanding.  People seem to think that  scientists are stoic &amp; unimaginative; nothing is further from the  truth.  Carl failed to develop real characters within an interesting story.   My suggestion to readers - pick a real science fiction writer (who was  also a scientist with passion) and read Azimov's robot series - much more  entertaining.
B000001FI7|5.0|I really like this album, as well as their second album. The idiot below me thinks that track 6 &quot;It's a Fire&quot; is weak, but actually, it's one of the best Portishead songs that there are. &quot;Biscuit&quot; is  strange and slightly eerie and I really like &quot;It Could Be Sweet&quot;  - mainly because of the cool drum riff that they do on the drum machine.  &quot;Portishead&quot; (the album) is also excellent. Pick it up if you  can. I still cannot believe that someone thought that TRACK 6 was WEAK!  Most Portishead fans LOVE that song. Listen to it up above. It is a great  song.
0195073401|2.0|You need to have a strong mathematical background in order to understand it. Sadly enough the book relies too much in math misplacing along the way the true nature of Microeconomics which is the main reason ( perhaps the  only one) why we bought this book.  What would you expect, anyhow, from an  economics book written by a group of mathematicians  ???
0671721720|3.0|David Weber's Honor Harrington's are an enjoyable retelling of the story of Horatio Nelson, set in space, with his main character, Honor Harrington, paralleling the life of Nelson. The details are good, the books are  exciting, and the character of Honor an interesting one.<br /> The books have  a few minor flaws. Weber's writing can be clunky in spots (though the books  are exciting enough that it's easy to ignore this). What I tend to find a  tad more annoying is that all the folks we run into who are against Honor  (the military enemies as well as the lowlifes she meets in her own Navy)  are clearly bad guys. I tend to prefer the Patrick O'Brian approach, where  not all the French naval officers we encounter are villians. Despite this,  though, the books are still good ones. Their strong points make up for  their weak ones.<br /> One final note on book ratings here at Amazon. If I  really liked the book, why did I give it 3 stars?  My rating system tends  to be that 5 stars are reserved for the best of the best -- War and Peace,  Don Quixote, and so on. 4 stars are for &quot;this is a very, very good  book,&quot; and three stars are &quot;this is an above average book, a fun  read.&quot; Clearly others on the list use the Amazon rating system  differently than I do. (I also prefered their old 1 to 10 rating system,  under which I'd have probably given The Honor of the Queen a 7.
6304493681|5.0|This is an absolute must-have for ANY anime fan.  The DVD format makes the best cyberpunk anime film ever, even better!  The visual quality is stunning.  If you thought DVD could not do anything to animation, think  again!  Bonuses in this version include an on-disc guide to the movie and  philosophy, as well as character profiles, a glossary, and more!  I believe  the format was taken advantage of to its potential.  The future of Japanese  animation is here!: DVD!
006092988X|5.0|Anyone who is lucky enough to read this wonderful book is sure to love it.  The Nolan family lives in a poor neighborhood of Brooklyn at the turn of the century.  Although their mother, Katie, works hard, sometimes they can  barely scrape up enough money for food.  For the Nolans everyday life is a  challenge.  But, everyday they wake up with a new strength, looking for  what the new day will bring.  Francie, whom the book mainly focuses on, is  the oldest.  she is very imaginative and smart, and learns a lot about her  self over the course of the book.  As Francie and her younger brother,  Neeley grow older the world around them changes rapidly, as do they. This  book is an excellent book about change and the relationships between family  members.
6300216047|4.0|What can I say? The shag carpeted walls of the space ship, the gratuitous pornographic element, the psychadelia, the banal dialogue, the groovey sounds, the consistant bad acting... I enjoyed every minute of it. And what  a veritable goldmine of memorable quotes!  Barbarella when being kidnapped  by evil children: &quot;But I haven't skied in ages!&quot; The Black Queen  meeting Barbarella for the first time:&quot;Why don't you come and play  with me pretty pretty...&quot;  And after being held hostage by Barberella:  &quot;How dare you endanger my beautiful face!&quot; Pygar airlifting the  two to safety: &quot;An angel has no memory.&quot; And of course Duran  Duran's manic laugh near the end -chilling I'm sure.  As you can see,the  writers were obviously up to their eyeballs on hallucinogenic drugs, and I  can only imagine the audiences of the late sixties watching it on the same  substances...   Barbarella is possibly one of the stupidest films ever seen  by man and an experience you ain't gonna forget. WATCH IT! It's like,  trippy man.
0792152328|5.0|I LOVED this movie I saw it in theatres 2wice and have viewed it numerous times on Video.  Great production, excellent costumes and SUCH attention to detail.  This is one of those once in a lifetime movies everyone must  watch!  Pay NO attention to the 2 Titanic-bashing So-called  &quot;Critics&quot; below!
B000000W5L|4.0|I won't influence anyone who loves this album, nor should I, but I think this one has always been slightly overrated by Stones fans. The songs simply do not rise to the memorable level of previous efforts. Instead we  get a long, loud, grinding exercise; for the rest of their careers, the  Stones would more or less carry on in this formula, with few of the  innovations that characterized their earlier work.
078401213X|1.0|If you ever use just half of your brain, then you've already read the books and seen the movies Pi &quot;rips-off.&quot;  Overrated.  Don't buy it and only rent it for a weak laugh.
0385484518|5.0|Why would Albom want to make this book a wordy, weighty accout?  He kept it light--he let his reader smile with Morrie and himself.  He let us listen to his tape recorder.  He let Morrie teach us--wasn't that the whole  point?  Self-help books be damned! Morrie wanted us to know what  &quot;it&quot; is all about and Mitch wrote &quot;it&quot; so gently that  no one need look further...
6301963911|5.0|Annie Hall is a wonderful and hysterical representation of Allen's neurotic New York Jew self.  Allen and Keaton perform best together in this film; a must see for all who desire violent laughter.
0399143904|1.0|This book read like a John Grisham movie...same plot.  The book's was a combination of &quot;The Sum of All Fears&quot; and &quot;Executive Orders.&quot;  Eg. A nuclear device at the super bowl...and a chemical  weapon device at the Olympics.  A plague that gets spread across the U.S.,  ...and a disease that will spread across the world.  How boring the second  time around.  1 bad book out of 10, he still has an &quot;A&quot;  average...
0060916540|4.0|A gripping story, fairly well written. Read it if you're an armchair adventurer. Make a special effort to read it if you ever go out in the wilderness as a hiker, climber or whatever, because this book instructs you  on two things : a) what can go wrong; and  b) the resilience of the will to  survive.  Then if you're ever in trouble, you can remember what Simpson  went through (unimaginable trauma!!) and feel there's hope.
6303269869|5.0|This was a moving depiction of the perceptions of life and love.  This is one of the best movies I have ever seen.  It was so romantic and Andy Garcia is enough to make any movie worth seeing.
0312954468|1.0|I have seldom read such a horrible book. I clearly need to buy some better light reading. This novel purports to be set in Ancient Egypt and is full of pungeant detail, presented clumsily and inaccurately. I honestly don't  know why I continued beyond the gratuitous and ugly violence of the first  50 or so pages. If you like historical fiction based in Ancient Egypt -  look elsewhere. Try Gedge or almost anyone else. Gedge is a master; Smith  appears to be a pedestrian.
0784011796|5.0|I had the privilege of seeing this film on the big screen.  It's very commen that dedicated mathematicians are skeptical of portrayal in movies involving the drive and validity of mathematicians.  This film primarily  concentrates on madness; driving human thinking to the very edge of  comfort--something common to genius (Pythagoras, Archimedes, Newton).   Nevertheless, I found the mathematics to be accurate and compelling.       The film beautifully intertwines the revitilization of spirituality and  science.  I recommend anyone that is interested in human thinking to see  this movie immediately.  The soundtrack embeds itself into the movie very  well playing with your senses and appropriately sends you places with the  protagonist, Max Cohen.
0440224764|3.0|We've seen these characters before in just about every other Grisham/Cornwell/Crighton type novel.  However this book is set apart by the fact that we have no idea where this story is going to end up, and that  is a good thing.  I really enjoyed the novel, and enjoyed being surprised.  The ending is rather ironic, and took some getting used to, but it works.
630241380X|5.0|Lomesome Dove is without a doubt the greatest western epic of all time. Tommy Lee Jones and Robert Duvall both offered the finest performances of their careers. They made their characters as evidenced by the later  attempts to portray Ranger Captain Woodrow F. Call by John Voight in Return  To Lonesome Dove, and James Garner in The Streets Of Loredo. Both men are  fine actors, and both made a valient effort, but no one can equal Mr. Jones  portrayal of the man who must hide his human frailties from all but his  closest friend and only equal, Augustus. &quot;They say you're a man of  vision. Is that true?&quot; &quot;Hell of a vision.&quot;See this  masterpiece if it is the last film you ever see!
6305263248|5.0|bob de niro in a different kind of rule this time, as a hired killer hired to find a secret suitcase which seems to be important to everyone.along with hime is jean reno and the superb sean bean. the movie is actioned  packed ,filmed in france  giving it a different look and stunning car  chases.really stands out this year from any other action movie ,do  yourselv'es a big big favour and  go sit infront of the big screen for 2  hours,its worth every minute.dont miss it!
B000002UJQ|5.0|Despite the fact that I'm not ecstatic about &quot;Climbing up the Walls&quot;, &quot;Fitter Happier&quot; and even &quot;the Tourist&quot; - although they're not bad - the rest of OK is enough to elicit 5 stars from  me.  Stunning is the best word that comes to mind.  &quot;Airbag&quot; sets  an incredible stage, incandescent, and everything follows, as if from a  deep mystery.  My suggestion is this:  find a free hour, put the CD on,  follow along with the lyrics (the lyrics are critical) and kick back on the  couch or whatever.  More than likely, you'll be blown away.
078322608X|5.0|It is absolutely incredible what can be done with a good story.  No big budget special effects.  No appeal-to-the-masses one-liners.  No glitz.  Just good acting and a great story.  Be sure to watch it more than once.
B000002AV5|5.0|The &quot;Best of Sade&quot; is an awesome CD/Album.   Helen Falasade Adu is a beautiful sexy and passionate singer/songwriter, surrounded by a smooth jazzy/R&amp;B and carribean sound rolled into one.  I love this  group.  My only regret is not seeing them live in concert.  Some of my  favorites are &quot;Pearl, Like a Tattoo, Jezebel, Cherish the Day&quot;.   I actually love them all.  I hope one day SADE will come back and tour the  US again real soon.  Buy this CD, you won't be disappointed. We miss &amp;  Love You Sade.
B000002WYT|1.0|This album is a mish mesh mess that is almost unlistenable.  The jams are *awful* and the only thing Mr. Mathews has proved is how long he can drone on.  This album is now appropietly used as a coaster on my coffee table.
6305165912|5.0|A lazy, unemployed bowler is mistaken for a millionaire with the same last name. The bowler's name is Jeff Lebowski or &quot;The Dude&quot; and all he wants is a new rug because his old rug was urinated on by the men with the  mistaken identity. The rug &quot;tied the room together&quot;. Throughout  an elaborately strange plot, he goes through perhaps too much havoc just to  get his rug back.
B000001FOS|4.0|Most of Yngwie Malmsteen's guitar work seems ego powered and out of control.  However, on this disc, Joe Lynn Turner (Rainbow) comes out of retirement to help keep Yngwie under a little control.  Finally, some  melody is introduced and a coherent and complete song can be produced.  The  results are stunning!  Any cd you can sing along with and air guitar to is  worth buying, but this proves that you can produce some amazing songs when  you put a little thought behind it as opposed to just letting it rip.
0553208845|5.0|This book is truly the most thought provoking book I have ever read.  It explores a man's quest for the meaning of life.  This is not a book based on Buddhism.  It is more philosophical.  Hesse describes the different  paths that Siddhartha chooses in his life to finally reach  enlightenment(meaning of life).  Not everyone may agree with it but I  think that all of us can relate to his journey in some way. I have read it  a few times and each time, I take away something different.  When I read  it, I see myself in Siddhatha going through similar trials and  tribulations.  Many people that read it said that it impacted them in some  way.  I highly recommended it.
630518299X|1.0|I'm not sure what movie all of the other viewers have seen, but the one I saw SUCKED! That two hours of my life was wasted, when I could have been doing something more useful like sleeping.
0394818237|5.0|This book was *so* cool when I was a kid - I spent hours reading and re-reading it, immersing myself in the pictures and enjoying the characters. Still cool today, but *abridged*? What were the publishers  *thinking*? There wasn't much to it to begin with; abridging it is truly  robbing those who'd really benefit from this book.
6305265488|5.0|Some call it a twist on Cinderella, well, yes but much more lively, more believeable, Ms. Huston made a very believeable wicked step mother.   Drew is a remarkable young woman, who has made  alot of bad choices in her life,  but this movie was one of her best choices ever.
0684874350|5.0|From the Depression in America to poverty in Limerick, this book never loses the reader's attention.  It is impossible not to laugh at points, despite the intense sadness of the memoir.  Although the father is a  full-blown alchoholic who abandons his family after wasting the wages on  booze a number of occasions, you can't help but appreciate his kindliness.   It is so humorous because of the casual recollection he tells.  It is a  must read for Irish and non-Irish alike!
630472229X|1.0|The other 3 were great.  This movie was terrible, why spend Aliens trying to save Newt then have an uneventfull death at the beginning of 3.  Clearly, the worst of the series.
1559408758|5.0|&quot;...how much more black can it be?  And the answer is, 'none more black.'&quot;  &quot;It's like a black mirror...you can see yourself in both sides.&quot;  Do yourself a favor and get this.  It is truly a bargain  on DVD - the outtakes are PRICELESS!
068484267X|4.0|This book sure has had a lot of hype; I'd had such great anticipation before reading it but found it a bit overrated.  I particularly enjoyed the youthful Frank's perspective on faith and the Roman Catholic church in  general as well as his naivete about many things in his young life.  There  were times where his degree of poverty exceeded what can be conceived by  most and absorbed by many.  Great ending, but a bit repetitive throughout  in regards to the father's irresponsibility and the fixation on the  unsanitary conditions, etc.  A tragic yet envigorating tale, overall a good  read.
6301661737|5.0|For regular viewers of Kurosawa's work, Kagemusha at times seems rather slow-paced in its plot-work. However, the epic feel of the movie will keep you riveted and the plot eventually speeds up to its darkly satisfying  conclusion. One of Kurosawa's last works, and one of his first in color,  Kagemusha will leave you breathless in its imagery and devices - if you  appreciate the samurai era then this historically-based epic is for you!
B0000019PA|5.0|Genghis Khan and his ruby slippers has nothing on the amazingly unique lyrics and entirely stimulating music of this velcro phenomena. You gotta dig the other &quot;elephant 6&quot; bands too....  same musical  philosophies.
630512065X|5.0|It's wonderful to have a faithful, archival version of this show.  Ken Page is wonderful (as always) and Elaine Paige -- it just proves she did it first and did it best -- which is saying a lot, as there have been some  other wonderful people who've played Grizabella.  Much of Lloyd-Webber's  music is pastiche -- not always a bad thing! (Sondheim's  &quot;Follies&quot; is almost all pastiche and is one of the very few  greatest musical of all time).  &quot;Memory&quot; is bound to become a  classic -- which is not surprising, as it's basically Puccini.  But at  least the melody isn't a direct theft, such as &quot;I Don't Know How to  Love Him&quot; -- which is literally lifted from Mendelssohn's Violin  Concerto (slow movement).  In all, a delightful production -- and it's on  video, so you can fast forward through the boring or uninspired parts.   &quot;Evita&quot; is still the composer's finest production, and it would  have been wonderful to have an archive version of the play, with Patti  LuPone and Mandy Patinkin and Bob Gunton.  Madonna and Antonio Banderas did  well, but the original Broadway cast is definitive.
6304258984|5.0|Jerry Bruckhiemer's signiture style and camera angles that showed up in the blockbuster, bad boys, are back. the rock has great actors (sean connery is awesome!), a super soundtrack, but most of all, edge-of  your-seat action. great movie!
6304233639|5.0|This movie rocked!!! The president was awesome, the characters were awesome. A must get. I loved it. It had cool spaceship-fighter jet action. and the Aliens were cool too :)
0316779237|4.0|A funny book by a funny guy.  Got it for Xmas and couldn't put it down until I was done and then went back to the first story again. The first story is the strongest in the book, but the others are entertaining as  well.  He writes, like I think.
0553573403|5.0|Martin has written a wonderful novel that separates itself from the generic line of the fantasy genre. As taken from the book, or volume,  &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot;, &quot;when you play the game of thrones, you  lose or you die&quot;.  Nothing could have been more true than what has  been written by Martin. The chapters were written in different points of  view from each character without forfieting the narrative description of  the story. If anything, it stregthened the character's description. Each  character was well-developed. There were neither heros nor villians in this  novel. Each had his/her own sin, flaw, and virtue. Although some were more  devious and non-virtous than others. Each plot ( plot within plot) was  excellently executed. Each religion and culture established within the  story well researched and told. Each description of the lands and places  described so well that it seemed tangible to the reader. Not many writers  or authors can claim that his/her novel brought in the three conflicts. Man  versus man. Man versus hinmself. Man verus his environment. Martin has  accomplished this. For a book to have all conflicts without sacrificing the  storyline itself is quite an accomplishment. If a reader is looking for a  hero versus villian in a fantasy novel, then this novel is not it. But if a  novel that has plots within plots, twisted plots, men and women who can be  hated then loved, battles that leave the reader breathless, and conflicts  that seem to have no peaceful solution, this is a book that has the relief  for such a craving.
0792835980|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies of all time. Packed with the biggest stars, in the funniest situations, and marvelously written, it is one of the true classics.
0449227421|1.0|Ken Follett is a great thrill writer, but &quot;The Third Twin&quot; is not even good.  I am a huge fan, and I am always eager to read his latest, but now I'll think twice before digging in.
6300217019|5.0|Gere has never looked better in this under scripted but beautiful picture depicting the decadence of the early 80's.  Great music from Blondi accompanies Richard's six pack ab's and Lauren Hutton's gorgeous gap-tooth  yet seductive leers.  Yum Yum
0316548189|5.0|He is certainly a true statesman in every sense
0385484518|1.0|This book says very little about Morrie and a quite abit about the auther and his life.  I read this book expecting to discover how I might re-prioritize my life.  I came away with nothing.  I did not get to know  Morrie or feel anything towards him.  I just kept thinking that the author  was taking a tragic situation and trying to make a buck off of it. It might  have been better if the author would tell us what impact these final days  with Morrie had on his life.  Is he now living differently because of this?  I wonder.
630512065X|2.0|Has it's moments but can hardly be called &quot;great&quot; musical theater as the score (with the exception of one song) is fairly lackluster.  I just don't see the excitement, but I guess that's because I'm a dog  person.  Cat people will obviously love it though.
6303972810|5.0|I love this movie quite possibly more than any other movie made.  I loved Madmartigan and Sorsha, the scenery, the plot, basically everything about it.  It's just a wonderful movie.  It's full of humor and great moments.   Plus battle scenes.  If you haven't seen it, I suggest you do.  Rent it or  something!
0440180295|1.0|I read this book in an afternoon for a book club.  Thank goodness I did not have to waste any more time on it!  Other reviewers have mentioned the humor and supposedly wonderful insights offered by this book.  I found  neither.  Yes, Mr. Vonnegut, war is bad.  Not a revelation.
0316152196|5.0|Once more we encounter the embittered detective Harry Bosch being given the impossible case to solve.<br />As in previous stories, the author writes plausible plots and believable narrative in a flowing prose style.<br />The  outcome will surprise many readers, and yet at the same time will be  chillingly familiar to readers of previous Bosch novels. Is Bosch really  the winner? Does the LAPD come out of this looking bright and shiny? Or is  it, once more, a triumph for the political sleaze-balls operating in the  background?<br />Make up your own mind! I read this book in one (long)  sitting, and found it entirely gripping and oh-so-believable.<br />From the  perspective of an English reader, the political milieu in which Bosch  operates seems almost impossible - but then we don't have huge numbers of  guns running around our streets, either in criminal or legal hands.  Connelly manages the seemingly impossible of merging hugely entertaining  thriller with a sharp, precise and deeply insightful look at the  sociological and political institutions of the city in which he  lives.<br />Another winner!
6302185874|5.0|This debuted at the height of the Twin Peaks frenzy! Excellant and mysterious, not to mention it's pivitol to the entire series. One of my favorites ever!
B000005AYM|5.0|What can't you say &quot;good' about Erykah Badu. She has a  very unique style and her voice takes a melody and just plays with it. The arrangements are not only soulful, but they have a new'sound' and she sings so smoothly  in an original style which she shows off beautifully. Some tunes have a  jazzy, funky beat,but the blend takes you to a wonderful union of R&amp;B,  Jazz,&amp; Soul. Everyone that hears it comments&quot;who's that?&quot;  or&quot; I've got that CD and I love it.&quot;I was amazed, that in my  circle of many different friends with a multitude of different tastes and  styles, all had purchased this CD and loved it! You Go Girl!!
B000001F95|5.0|I am so happy to hear that there are fellow Cal lover's out there. I like to relax to it with candles and even a bath.  I am so happy to see a new CD can be shipped for only $9.99 and within 24 hrs. even. I need to replace  mine as I have had it for so long that it has been scratched and skips.  Thanks for the great deal.
0553278223|5.0|This is one of the most visually stimulating pieces of work I've ever read. It's good from the first chapter to the end.
1573226521|2.0|I did not have the advantage of having read Lord of the Flies, so my comments of this book are on its own merits.  Essentially, the book idles along with mundane beach commune life until the writer finally decides to  wrap things up with a contrived ending.  What surprised me, though, was how  easily the book read despite the lack of events throughout much of it.  I  suppose that's more of a comment on the writer's sparse, non-thought  provoking writing style than anything else.  But another thing that kept me  reading on was my constant expectation that something interesting has to  happen soon.  Unfortunately, nothing ever did.  And then at the end, I was  left feeling empty.<br />Don't get me wrong, though.  I do think that this is  a solid effort for a first novel, especially for a 26 year old.  But don't  you believe all those rave reviews that you see on the book's cover.   Better to perhaps wait for the movie to see if a rewritten sceenplay can  make the story more interesting.
6302767741|5.0|A great movie to watch when you're feeling cynical about friendships. Superb performances by all, especially my favorites the former comedy team of Stephan Fry &amp; Hugh Laurie. This is NOT a British Big Chill. It is  far superior. Funny and touching, this movie will lift you up while dealing  with serious issues. Watch it!
0451191153|2.0|As someone that enjoyed the movie long before I read the book, I am now deeply disappointed. I read the Fountainhead after trying to read her philosophical book on Objectivism. Finding that text much too dry in style  and content, I thought a novel would be a better first Ayn Rand book. The  Fountainhead is extremely dull and boring at points with only brief  stretches of interesting writing or thought. Developing and presenting her  ideas should be done in far fewer pages. Fewer pages would make the lack of  character development, lack of rationality and lack of realism of thought  much less noticeable. In summary, a high school level philosophy with  equally unrealistic love stories.
0449002632|4.0|This book was fasinating.  Once I began reading it, I realized I knew very little about the extensive history of London.  Now having read it, I, for the first time, am really interested in visiting London to see first hand  everything I've been reading about.  So interesting were each of the  chapters, I often found myself going onto the Internet to read more on  various non-fictional characters or for more about the history or pictures  of various structures.  The author did a great job of telling the story  through the lives of generations of several families and the end ties  neatly with the beginning.
B000003S5H|5.0|One of the best discs I've heard over the past three years.  Groovy and mellow, but not too much so.  Buy immediately!!
6304196784|5.0|this is one of the best comedy movies I have ever seen.  they couldn't remake it or rewrite anything , but I still wish they'd try.
0887307876|5.0|Anyone who has worked for a large, bureaucratic corporation will love this and other Dilbert books. My cubicle at work is plastered with Dilbert comics. If they make me take them down, it's quitting time!  Funny from  beginning to end.
B000001E7T|5.0|I saw the video for &quot;Down by the Water&quot; when I was little and I wasn't sure what she was singing about. Two summers ago (1996 or 97), I was with my cousin and she owned this album and I listened to it for a while  and reminisced about seeing the video. Listening to this album was like  listening to the greatest and most powerful music ever written and I  believe that PJ Harvey is the one of the most talented artists that has put  out music in the past fifty years. There isn't one song on here that isn't  astounding. I wish that I could give this fifty stars - because I would  give it 100. This album changed the way that I see music - and it opened me  up to other kinds of music like trip-hop and blues. I wish that I could  meet her and her band. She is truly a remarkable songwriter. Thanks for  putting out great music... I really appreciate it.
0316152196|5.0|Mr Connelly has done it again.  I could hardly put it down. I've read every one of his books, and he doesn't disappoint.  I recommend his Harry Bosch series to anyone looking for great police procedurals.  I can hardly  wait for the next Bosch story.  Whatever he puts out next is mine to own,  because he always entertains.  Keep up the wonderful writing Mr Connelly.   You are definitely one of my favorites.
B00000G3PA|5.0|I cried.  I laughed.  I cried.  My daughter says Ben Affleck is cute
0767812646|5.0|this Film is an american classic(even though it was a story about Britain)Buy it!!!!
0446605409|5.0|An excellent narrative that leads the reader down many possible outcomes of a double murder investigation.  The inclusion of government agencies, biohazard material and germ warfare, and the history of a famous pirate are  delivered in a fashion that is often comical yet serious.  The light  hearted approach of the writer deters the reader from putting the book  down.
B000007S5B|5.0|&quot;Waiting for the Sun&quot; is to me is an excellent album but not thier best. It is also thier mellowist album out of all 18 albums that the Doors have. &quot;My wild love&quot;, &quot;Not to touch the  earth&quot;,&quot;Love Street&quot;,and &quot;Witertime Love&quot; are some  of my favorites off this album.
0887306128|5.0|The better way to understand what is going on inside every business with a little waste of energy and time!!!!!.<br />This book is a need for every one who has the right to be on the way of high performance successfully.
B00000AFWW|4.0|I have been a Hole fan since thier start, and I have to say &quot;Celebrity Skin&quot; is thier best yet! They have the raw edge that so many musicians today don't have.
0671015206|3.0|&quot;The most important financial decisions often have little to do with money.<br />If you smoke, drink heavily, eat to excess and never exercise, you probably won't need that impressive retirement nest egg.<br />If your only  hobby is shopping, you will find it tough to be a good saver.<br />If you have  lots of kids, it will be harder to meet your financial goals.<br />If you get  divorced, you will likely lose 50%, more than was lost in the brutal  stock-market crash of 73-74.<br />I am not saying that you shouldn't have  kids, knock back an occasional drink, splurge a little, or that you should  stay in an unhappy marriage.  But keep in mind that these ostensibly  nonfinancial decisions have a financial impact.&quot;<br />from Jonathan  Clements column in the WSJ  11/17/98
6305171769|4.0|Michael Meyers isn't dead yet... I'm glad to see that for it's 20 year reunion, the Halloween series made one last scare. I've seen this movie various times and I jump every time. This film shows that horror films  aren't just about gore and sex, but about fast-paced, intense action! I  give it 4 stars.
B000002NHN|4.0|When I first heard the opening strains of The Mummer's Dance, I was struck by the power of the music to hold my attention and lead my imagination.  I became a fan of Celtic music thanks to Loreena McKennit and am exploring  other artists in the field.  Something in this combination of ancient  stories and modern instruments speaks to the very best of today's music.  I  treasure this collection.
B000006NPY|5.0|Billy Corgan and the Smashing Pumpkins have crafted an intricate web of sadness, love, and dreams in this album.  As many other reveiwers have stated, upon first listen to this CD, i was a little disappointed.  None of  the tracks seemed to stand out as a masterwork, none of them grabbed me.   That's because i wasn't listening hard enough.  I was mindlessly waiting to  be blasted with the riffs and wails of BWBW or Cherub Rock.  But i always  give the Pumpkins the benefit of the doubt - they will always have my  supreme faith that they are not capable of making crap.  They just wouldn't  allow themselves to put out music that didn't stir their souls in some way.   After listening to the CD a few more times, i realized the errors of my  thinking.  EVERY song was a masterwork in some way or another.  The poetic  lyrical genius that fills songs like &quot;To Sheila&quot; and  &quot;Annie-Dog&quot; make this CD a work of art.  The musical  craftsmanship in songs like &quot;Tear&quot; and &quot;Behold! Then Night  Mare&quot; makes your head spin.  The subtle lyrics and melodies haunting  &quot;Blank Page&quot; and &quot;Shame&quot; echo through you hours after  you've listened.  &quot;For Martha&quot; is the single most moving song  i've ever heard.  The first time i listened to it - i mean really LISTENED  to it, I cried my eyes out.  What depth, what expression, what sheer  beauty!  Adore refreshes you, saddens you, and makes you feel a bit more  whole each time you listen.  I wish every band had the nerve to make  something like this.  It's not what the people on MTV want you to hear,  it's not what the mainstream radio thinks is cool, it's not anything that  any other band today is capable of making.  You can sit there and subject  yourself to the recycled, empty, unspirited songs of trashy, trendy,  mindless &quot;alternative&quot; bands like Third Eye Blind, Semisonic, Eve  6, or virtually anyone else on the radio today; or you can be uplifited and  edified by whatyou listen to.  I suggest the latter, and there is no  better band to achieve that with than The Smashing Pumpkins.
B000007UE6|5.0|While the Ramones have produced a remarkable collection of primal rock n' roll albums that have sadly been overlooked for their near perfect grasp of what top 40 music always should have been, there is no greater celebration  of American graffiti than Rocket to Russia. I can still remember the first  time I heard Rocket gems such as Sheena is a Punk Rocker, Teenage Lobotomy,  and Rockaway Beach. I was in sixth grade on the bus going to school. An  older kid who lived down the street gave made me a tape of the album for  Walkman play. The recording was terrible, the songs seemed too short and  fast, and I could barely make out singers pouty whining. I knew at that  moment I had found my own music. Rocket to Russia is a celebration of rock  music itself, it is rock's greatest reminder of why we all listen in the  first place.
630307362X|3.0|You are fascinated by the storyline and cinematography.  The film never gets boring. But it seems to have been rated too highly by some and too low by others. Sometimes you get a feeling you are watching a cross between  19th century porno and a morality play, but never real life. It's one of  those pictures you wouldn't watch twice. But sex,violence and mystery sell.  Thought the brief violence was a turnoff.
1567407757|5.0|The only reason I read this book was because my reading group had choosen it.  I thought it would be some wimpy, plain jane, boring book. It turned out to be a GREAT book.  I have recommended it to all my friends and  family.  Yes, I know exactly what it is like to work a gazillion hours a  week, go to and do everything, and pencil in my family for a few hours  every few months for holidays.  This book has made me realize how much I  have missed my family and friends.  It also made me realize how much people  can give of themselves to others.  Thats what life is about.
079073382X|5.0|There are only a few movies in which you can enter, imagine yourself in the characters position.This movie will make you reflect about  life, and the way you see things. Sensitive people will be delighted and the rude  ones are going to become sensitive for as long as the movie magic spell  lasts.
B000005GYI|5.0|This CD is one of the first recorded by Milton, with the presence of Lo Borges (another member of the &quot;Clube da Esquina&quot; -- the Corner's Club -- a group of gifted musicians from Minas, Brazil). Songs such as  &quot;Tudo o que voce podia ser&quot; (well-placed echo on Nascimento's  voice sends shivers down your spine!) and &quot;Cais&quot; make this album  one of the best samples of good Brazilian music. Recorded in the early 70's  and re-mastered at Abbey Road.
0792837622|5.0|This ia a very intense, fast moving story in which many of the scenes easily could have happened in real life in New York at that time.<br />The quality of the music and lyrics blends beautifully with the action, and the  choreographed dances are breathtaking.The actors fit their parts to  such  perfection that I could not imagine anyone else than Natalie Wood playing  Maria, or George Chakiris as Bernardo,  and on and on for the rest of the  Jets and Sharks.    My favorite musicals are those from 1950-1970 and of  all the great ones like Oklahoma, South Pacific, and the Sound of Music,   West Side Story impresses me as the most exciting dramatic musical of all  time. It is hard to find a boring moment in this movie. When I think about  this movie, the ballet numbers, choreography, and excitement stand out the  most in my mind. For a fast moving drama this is a classic against which to  compare other musical drama. Who would have thought that a mere conflict  between two gangs could have been portrayed into such a dynamic movie.  The  producers certainly succeeded in bringing up to date the Romeo and Juliet  saga. The romance and tragedy of Tony and Maria will always be indelibly  impressed in my mind.
0140441409|5.0|This version of M.A. Meditations is much more understandable than the one translated a century ago.  I find M.A. a great comfort. Equanimity, duty, right/logical thinking.
8477201447|5.0|You'll turn this book into your favorite once you've read it. A story about dreams and how important is to follow them. If you are a truly dreamer you must read it, and if you're not, you must read it too because  you'll end up being one.
0800141326|1.0|When you find yourself (like me) looking at your watch repeatedly during a supposedly exciting film, you know the film stinks. I can't honestly say I had high hopes for this film, being a fan of the originals, but I was  willing to give it a chance. Sadly, it didn't deserve it. Jean Reno was the  only person who came out of this misguided project with any credibility.  Poor Matthew Broderick looked completely lost, especially in the first  half-hour or so he was on screen. And frankly, for a project whose main  appeal seemed to  be how fantastic the special effects would be compared to  the Japanese films, the effects are surprisingly cheesy at times (check out  the helicopter chase scene - can we spell FAKE-LOOKING COMPUTER-GENERATED  TAT?) PS: Leaving one &quot;Jurassic Park&quot;-style baby dinosaur alive  to carry on the story seems like wishful thinking in hindsight. With luck,  TriStar won't make more of these films.
006091307X|5.0|Aol users reviewing this book expect us to take them seriously? Bah!  Unlike the consumerism and sound-byte mentality that pervades contemporary America and (now the 'Net), Pynchon's novella shows us (and tells us but  not as directly as some readers might prefer) the entropic drift of both  our world and our languages.  The Emperor has no clothes? Bah!  If you're  looking for the clothes with Pynchon, you are forgetting that there HAS TO  BE a wearer of the clothes first.  Forget the surfaces! Pynchon goes well  beyond them to explore such things as the nature of the use of information,  the decline of society and language, and the effects of history and  technology. If you're looking for simple, direct &quot;messages&quot; or  &quot;enlightenment&quot; from your fiction, stay away from Pynchon.  His  novels &quot;explore&quot; these ideas rather than preach them, and with  that in mind, he demands reader involvement and attention to complete the  circuit (once an engineer always an engineer?).  Read carefully, open the  mind and let the words flow.    Lot 49, while being relatively short, is  complex and nearly impossible to summarize in a single, cogent sentence.   If post-modern complexity, ambiguity, and symbolism scare or confuse you,  go back to Grisham and live happily ever after.  We'll go forward with  creative virtusos like Pynchon who know how to make words and ideas dance  in a symphony that points away from simple black/white, yes/no  understanding to see the complexity of life and the forces within it.
0553573403|5.0|I, rather disinterestedly, picked up this book at an airport,hoping it would kill an hour or so. From the first page, I was thoroughly gripped. I don't remember the whole 8 hour flight (&amp; 2-3 evenings afterwards).  Most books pale into insignificance alongside Tolkien's &quot;The Lord of  the Rings&quot;, this one is definitely an exception! It has its kings  &amp; nobles, treachery &amp; deceit,  murder and butchery and is so  reminiscent of the Bloody English Wars of the Roses. Is a throne and power  worth so much??? Truly Fantastic reading!
B000001ES4|5.0|I absolutely loved Songs From A Secret Garden -- I didn't think anything could ever top it, until now!  White Stones exceeded all my expectations (and they were HIGH after the first CD)!  Would someone PLEASE ask Rolf  &amp; Fionnuala when their next CD is coming out?  I've waited too long  already!
B000002J09|3.0|Led Zeppelin seems to have a dual specialty.  Half the songs are hard blues numbers about sex (e.g. Black Dog's &quot;Hey baby when you move that way watch honey drip can't keep away&quot;); I say play on.  The rest are  about wizards and castles and fairies and the like(Battle of Evermoor);  these I could really do without.  This album is half one and half the other  and for this reason leaves me unsatisfied.  Presence and Phys. Graf. are  more my line of country (more sex, fewer elves).  By the way, Stairway  isn't quite rock music.  In junior high the school band made it a regular  feature and the parents loved it.  You can't do that with real rock music.   (Off topic, those who like their blues good and loud should check out Muddy  Waters' &quot;Hard Again&quot;.)
630512065X|5.0|This video is exception especially with John Partridge doing Rum Tum Tugger.  He's fabuluous and real makes the video worth buying.  I've seen it dozens of times.  John Partridge fans - contact me
0783230621|5.0|DTS there is so much i can say...but is better to listen to it yourself...i think is the greatest thing a step up from ac3...i watched Dante's Peak on ac3 then i switched it over to DTS oh what a  difference.....if u don't have a dts processor or a  receiver i recommend u  get one.. ..this is so far my best in home movie experience..
B000001GBJ|5.0|If you like music that moves you, you must listen to this CD!  &quot;Sigma&quot; gives me chills every time I play it.  The entire CD is wonderful!
0140434143|5.0|There can be few greater pleasures in the world than reading a Jane Austen novel for the very first time. The country house, the park, the fireside, the ballroom - within the confines of these what a universe of emotions, of  meaningful gestures and movements she creates. As well as being a master of  language, here Jane Austen displays her mastery of the art of the novel;  she teases the reader along one path, only to startle him in the end with  an another. This novel confirms view I have long held : There may be  novelists greater than Austen, but none so perfect.
1573226521|1.0|This book made me very upset. I looked forward to reading it, but I found it terribly dull and static. Just a group of people spending months doing nothing in a remote beach in the Gulf of Thailand. Is that interesting or  fascinating? I waited and waited for something interesting to happen, but  nothing changed.  I must admit it: I didn't finish it; I couldn't read more  than 300 pages (2/3 of the book) and it has not been easy, believe me.
B000001Y42|5.0|This CD is awesome I like the song that is a cover of george michael faith. I also like counterfiet and sour And I hope they get more popular over the years
B000001ELD|5.0|THE DEMON PLAYS HIS HEART OUT, WHILE SHOWING THE BAND HIS CONNECTON TO THEM BY THE REMAKE OF SEE YOU IN YOUR DREAMS. RADIOACTIVE IS A CLASSIC. MR MAKE BELIEVE IS PURE GENIUS.
0590353403|2.0|I may be the only person in the world who didn't love this book. I don't think it's a bad book, but I don't understand the big excitement about it. The writing is pedestrian, the characters are not that well developed, and  frequently things happen that we as readers had no idea were possible. For  me, it reads like an interesting children's movie screenplay. My fourth  grade son read it before I did, and he agrees. We both liked the beginning  and we both liked the quiddich matches, but felt the rest of the book fell  flat.
1559408855|5.0|Salo is a political farce that uses flying excrement and mutilation as its means.  The DVD is truly wonderfully disgusting.  Give this film a shot.  If you are not offended easily, you might appreciate Pasolini's message -  albeit a strange message.
B00000DFTG|5.0|As a long,long, time fan,I was very pleased with this cd! Ive seen sabbath with the original line up,and in the later years you could tell things were going down hill:( But this cd proves the electriciy between the sabb four  has been rejuvinated!!!Ozzys'relentless form of crowd controll and, if  you've ever seen them live,use of f#$# is as it ever was:)!!F$#$$%g  OUTSTANDING!!!I LOVE IT!!
6304711891|4.0|Cage &amp; Connery were excellent together in this movie. Great musical score and just about everything I would expect from a good action flick.
6304145217|5.0|Definitely the most beautiful and heart-breaking movie ever made of this famous pair of ill-fated teen lovers. I cannot imagine a more perfect Juliet or Romeo than the ones found in Hussey and Whiting. The film is  virtually flawless-from the sumptuous, accurate sets, gorgeous costumes to  the impeccable casting and excellent directing by Zefferelli. And ofcourse,  the sensitive and sincere acting of the young leads and the other actors.  This film adaption fluently conveys each theme-tragedy, romance, comedy-in  a powerful yet delicate  manner. The BEST in my book. A definite classic  worth collecting!
0793927501|5.0|What a great movie.  As I looked at the rental wall of new releases, this made my final four.  It has fast become one of my all-timers.  How the heck did I miss this one at the theatre?  Great characters all the way down to  the guy who owns the cabin, great story (stories), great scenery, great  music, and on.....  I now own the soundtrack and am on my way to buy the  video itself.  Don't miss this one.
6305128952|5.0|I love this movie! It is sooo touching. It is a heart warming tale of a girl (Grace) and her horse (Pilgrim) it is really sad.  I hate when Gulliver and his rider die,  it made me bawl out tears because I love  horses soooooooooooooooooooo much . I would defenitly give it a 2 thumbs  up.
0441172717|5.0|This is by far the most absorbing and entertaining science fiction book I have ever read. It must be read, again and again. If you've seen the film, read the book!!
6305128952|5.0|The other reviews have covered most of the virtues of this film and need not be repeated. This movie is about as good as it gets. It is much more than a &quot;horse story&quot;, a fact that seems to have eluded the  reviewer from PA (12/14/98).  Mr. Redford was for years seen as nothing  more than a pretty face. However, the films that he turns out suggest he is  something much more. He is an artist and his movies are indeed works of  art. The reviewers here are unanimous in the view that this film is pure  excellence. All except the reviewer from Nicaragua, that is. Were that  person here, she/he would be able to vote. Talk about scary.
0671015206|4.0|Someone once said, &quot;I made myself wealthy by reducing my wants.&quot; That's what this book says. Sure, the content is padded quite a bit, but the message is worth what the book costs, whether you are an shining  example of this philosophy or an opponent of it: you can spend or you can  have, but most of us can't do both.<br />I agree with other reviewers'  comments that the authors found most wealth was accumulated through  operating small and boring businesses in your own neighborhood, yet don't  recommend this to their readers (nor do those self-made millionaires, in  most cases.) And their research methodology is a bit suspect, since it  seems to have presupposed that source of wealth in finding interviewees.  Still, I agree with the formulas that describe whether you're building an  expected amount of wealth based on your age and income.<br />Bill Cosby, no  financial slouch himself, said &quot;The secret of wealth is  ownership.&quot; This book gives you plenty of examples to help you believe  that. It's not what you spend, but what you save, that gives you real  independence. It's encouraging to read (maybe in a masochistic sort of way)  that lots of high-earners (doctors and athletes, for instance) blow those  high earnings and have little to show for it, living (large) paycheck to  paycheck. Others, far less educated and with smaller paychecks, quietly  avoid wealth-losing expenses such as flashy cars, big houses, and fancy  clothes, to succeed in the only true measure of personal wealth: a high net  worth. It isn't what you earn, it's what you keep.<br />I read the book  straight through, hooked on almost every word. Where else can you get  inside information on people's personal finances and the decisions that led  them to their particular state? Maybe the research wouldn't pass close  academic muster, but the individual vignettes are fascinating anyway.<br />So,  negatives aside, I think this book is a must-read. You may fault some  aspects of it, but the message is one that everyone should consider, even  if you find reasons to ignore its conclusions. And if you're a tightwad,  you will rejoice in finding vindication of your choices. But then again, if  you're that tight, you'll probably read it from the library anyway!
0385484518|5.0|For all those that think Mitch was just revisiting Morrie for the money that the book would make. Which I've read a lot on the reviews.  Think about  how Morrie treasured Mitch's presence, if Morrie gave Mitch the  benefit of the doubt so should we.
1558216340|2.0|Don't try and stretch your credibility to read it as a true story.  (Walking impossible deserts, meeting bigfoot, etc)  Great story none-the-less.
0060920386|5.0|Great insight on what happened during the Leveraged Buyout of RJR Nabisco. You'll certainly be very careful next time some Wall Street broker approaches you, as you'll know what really moves them. You'll also see how  not all CEO's are as concerned in maximizing shareholders value as they are  in maximizing their own!
6303201970|4.0|I agree with Leonard Maltin that &quot;Trek III&quot; was a transitional movie with more to come.  But in keeping with the warmth and humanity of the characters in &quot;II&quot;, Kirk showed himself to be real people  when after he tries to rescue the Klingon captain who had his son killed,  only to be pulled into danger himself, Kirk finally admits that &quot;I  have had enough of you&quot; and kicks the Klingon in the face to his death  in the fiery canyon below.   All in all a worthy transition to what I  consider the real Trek trilogy: Treks II, III and IV: the Voyage Home.   These three tell a complete story.  Although IV promises more to come, I  found it a satisfying end to a complete three-part story line.
1563523302|5.0|I am 16 years old, and never worried about finances until I was browsing through my teachers copy of the Millionaire on a school field trip.  I ran home and bought myself a copy. I couldn't put it down-and when I finished I  borrowed more financial books from people I knew.  It made me much wiser in  my financial decisions and let me start planning for my future.
0553573411|2.0|The trilogy started well enough with an original premise and a brisk plotline, but it degenerated quickly as the protagonist's dumb luck ran out and his own bloody-mindedness began to shine through. No matter how dark  the world, no matter how gut-wrenching the quest, I can still root for the  hero and I can still enjoy the story so long as the hero actually makes  SOME sort of progress. Is that even remotely possible here? No way, no how.  No matter how -physically- skilled he may be, Fitz (the hero) is still just  a stupid, obsessive, petulant brat from start to finish. He never beats the  odds and he never wins through, and it's his own damn fault every step of  the way. For crying out loud, I as the reader should never have to be so  much more intelligent and aware than the protagonist. It just makes the  whole experience obscenely annoying and frustrating. Then why did I keep  reading, you may ask. Because as so many others here have said, there is a  certain morbid fascination that keeps your attention once you've started.  Do yourself a favor, though, and don't even start...
006016848X|3.0|Go ahead and read this book.  You'll probably enjoy it and discover amusing and entertaining things about the opposite sex.  <br />Then, when you are ready to resolve conflicts and work as a team, read FIGHTING FOR YOUR  MARRIAGE by Markman, Stanley and Blumberg.  I guarantee if you follow their  techniques you will see improvements IMMEDIATELY!
6304258984|5.0|This movie is by far one of the best ACTION movies ever to be made. The acting,music, and special effects should set this movie as an example for all others to come. The story plot in this movie was awsome....IT is  defintley worth buying.
6304411448|5.0|Firstly I would like to comment on the wonderful performances from all of the cast, and in particular Johnny Depp. His use of expression and body language is spectacular, and his 'keatonesque' movements made you laugh and  cry in all the right place. Benny and Joon tells the tale of Benny, a car  machanic who has been left to look after his 'sick sister' after an  accident involving thier parents ( the film shows this through flashbacks  and does not dwell on this part of the story ).<br />Unfortunately Joon has  rather a short fuse when it comes to people disterbing the furniture,  resulting in a long line of housekeepers. This is where depp enters. One of  Bennys collegues bets with Joon at a game of poker, and what (or who)  happens to be in the pot but Sam (Depp) We are told at this point that he  is unable to read and is driving his cousin 'nutts'. From then on the film  belongs to Depp as he takes on the role as Joons housekeeper, and also her  soul mate. As you can imagine this film is indeering to say the least. This  film holds a special place in my heart and once you've seen it you'll never  be able to forget it.
B00000ADG2|5.0|In this over-hyped world, it's nice to sit down to an album that grooves the whole way through.  Every track is a shining star--jam-packed with messages, confessions, and hot beats.  Lauryn's voice is straight from the  heart.  Peace.
B00000DHRX|4.0|George is back on form with this top of the range Greatest Hits album, he just keeps hitting you with top tune after top tune.
B00000DFRS|3.0|If you're expecting a lot of soul...It's not here. The Wyclef-penned title track is the bomb but the rest lacks.  &quot;Heartbreak Hotel&quot; has its moments.  Otherwise, just wait for the singles.  Peace.
630518299X|5.0|I feel that this is one of the best films ever made.  It shows Jim's versatility.  He can be a very funny guy when it is needed, and also serious when the time comes.  It is neat to notice all the little  commercials that are shown throughout the movie.  It is also nice to see  how the bible was brought into it by hollywood.  The director was in some  way like GOD, in the way that he controlled Jim's life, and especially when  he was talking from the heavens at the end.  Also, Jim was just like Adam,  trying to leave the Garden of Eden, to reach Eve, who was played by Sylvia.   It shows how God,(the director) tries to punish Jim for trying to escape,  or not do his will by sending a &quot;flood.&quot;  This movie is quite  breathtaking, and I plan on watching it again and again.
B000002H5I|4.0|&quot;Fast Car&quot; is one of my all-time favorite songs.  Chapman is one of the most gifted songwriters of her generation; a great, broad, moving album.
B00000DGUG|5.0|It did take a few listens of the CD for all of the songs to grow on me, but after that break in period... I have decided that I love this CD!! I am an Alanis fanatic as it is, and some new material was a wonderful present  to us. My favorite songs are &quot;UR&quot; &quot;Unsent&quot;  &quot;Baba&quot; &quot;Front Row&quot; and &quot;So Pure.&quot; From the  previous reviews, it looks like people really liked it, or didn't like it  and that has been my experience with Alanis Morissette. I just love her  music!
6303029027|5.0|De Nero directs this classic and classy film about two men competing for the soul of a youngster.  It faithfully re-creates the look and feel of the 1960 right down to the Do-Wop music of the era. The casting couldn't be  better.  Look for a small but touching part played by Joe Pecsi.
6300183513|5.0|This is on of the most interesting of Hitchcock's movies.  I wish it were available to purchase.  I will buy it as soon as it becomes available.  I love the actors and the story is great!  They don't make them like this  anymore - too bad.
0783227019|4.0|When people will look back at De Palma's career besides the films Blow out, and Scarface, this is the film which will standout.  This is one of those undiscovered gems, those films that never succeed initially at the  box office but have true staying power like Raging Bull. One of the best  acting performances ever captured on film is Sean Penn as a coke snorting  lawyer.  De Palma is also on in terms of directing (he can move that camera  like no one else), and the movie contains one of the better, intelligently  written screenplays to grace an action/drama movie in recent memory.  Al  Pacino is good, but slightly flawed as a Puerto Rican, you can tell he was  still caught up in the Scent of a Woman character while this movie was  being made.  Still he is very dynamic, and at times brilliant.  I would  give it four and a half stars but the ratings don't allow it.
0792838637|5.0|I have seen well over a hundred DVDs thus far, and I can easily say that this title is quite simply the best example to date of what DVD has to offer. The film itself is good, is in fact one of the better Bond movies,  but MGM has crafted a disc so exquisite that the viewer is left with mouth  agape, amazed and enraptured.<br />From the moment the disc begins, so does  your journey. A beautifully crafted animated menu appears, and you are  greeted by an exotic female voice prompting your for your fingerprint and  retina identification. You are then whisked into yet more menus, or, if you  prefer, directly into the film itself. You could wander through this disc  all afternoon and not exhaust all the possibilities.<br />If you wish, you can  see the storyboards for the action scenes laid into the lower right hand  corner of the screen as you watch the scene unfold. You can watch the  Sheryl Crow music video of the title track. You can watch a retrospective  on Bond, or an interview with the film's composer, or listen to just the  soundtrack. This is only the beginning of the things you can do with this  disc.<br />The video and sound are also phenomenal. The picture's anamorphic  for those with widescreen TVs, and still looks amazing on an average 4x3  set.<br />If you like action films, buy this disc. If you want to show off  your DVD player, buy this disc. This is one disc that everyone must have.  Oh yeah, and it stops production on January 31st, 1999, so get it quick.  Personally, I'm stocking up on a handful to give away as gifts in the  future.
1557280290|3.0|This book defies easy categorization.  It's about the son of hardscrabble and proud farmers who goes to college just before WWI to learn modern farming techniques; instead he discovers he has a facility for book  learning. He becomes a professor of literature but his life is an unhappy  one: he marries a woman who turns out to be cold and unresponsive; he dotes  on his daughter, but his wife alienates her and the daughter later becomes  pregnant to get away, and becomes an alcoholic; he offends the college dean  and his career is thwarted. His one chance at happiness is an affair that  too is doomed. As grim as it is, the novel is oddly compelling; it's not  kind to academic life. Stoner seems caught by his nature; the times; the  place; a failure of will. He seems to have no real control of his destiny.  Nor does his love of literature appear to give any direction to his life.  His is a bleak, hard life. He's caught and can't - or won't -escape.  &quot;The unexamined life is not worth living.&quot;
6300181278|3.0|No one who has seen this movie can forget the haunting first half.  Dwight Frye does an excellent job as the sensible Renfield, and Bela Lugosi is frightening as Dracula.  The atmosphere is perhaps one of the spookiest in  film history.  Unfortunately, this film is brought down by an inferior and  slow second half.  A must for Lugosi fans, Dracula fans, and classic horror  fans.  All others, bevare!!
6305252521|4.0|Good performances, good idea (by the way, which one is *really* new?), good realization. It has proven Niccol's point in both this movie and Gattaca: Even producers and sponsors are human beings after all and capable  of learning and getting it right. If cinema as an art is capable of  combining accessibility and relevance, this is the kind of movie cinema was  conceived for.
6303637493|5.0|Beautiful rendition of Farinelli, the 18th century castrato, probably best remembered for his gorgeous voice. This movie hits the spot. Good acting, gorgeous costumes, beautiful music. If you are interested in history or  musical history, you should definitely see it.
630518299X|5.0|&quot;We have become bored watching actors giving us phony emotions.&quot; Is how this movie starts out.  Christof (played by Ed Harris) is sharing how he feels of the originality of the show.  He is so right... this  &quot;movie&quot; never admits to even being a movie.  The opening credits  show Truman Burbank as himself to give us the feel that he really is  Truman.  They even made up phony names for Laura Linney and Noah  Emmerischich.  This is the most original movie I have ever seen.  Christof  was right, we have become bored with the same thing -- That's why &quot;The  Truman Show&quot; shines.  It dares to be different, and it suceeds.
B000002GLV|5.0|saw john mayall in concert in the late 70's, featuring a lineup of musicians similar to those on the album, got the jazz blues fusion, listened to it 3000 times...till it was so scrached up.  still enjoyed the  performances from blue mitchell, freddy fastfingers robinson and clifford  solomon. john mayall was the cutting edge of fusion, but it is most  listenable, always with a groove to hang onto.  <br />cant wait to hear it  again on cd!!!
B000002H97|5.0|i'm sick of people who think metallica sold out! they changed? yes! they play slower? yes! but thats how it is every band that ever had any efect or was somebody has changed their style! but that dose not mean they have sold  out!!!!! any wqys they still play their old stuff on sage and they do it  better than ever!!!!
B0000032LS|5.0|I've probably seen the movie 15 times, and the music is what i really love about it!  There aren't any songs on here that i don't like, and a few of the best are: &quot;Science Fiction Double Feature,&quot; &quot;Hot  Patootie Bless my soul (i really love that rock and roll),&quot; and  &quot;I'm going home.&quot;  If you love the movie, or love good music, you  have to buy this Soundtrack!  Now!
B000002HRE|5.0|metallica will always be the best band ever and reload proves that
0380789019|5.0|When I first bought the book, I was a bit skeptical, but I'm glad I bought it! I couldn't put it down. The book went everywhere with me. I'm a high school student and the books we read are nowhere near this one. It's a  great read and I'd recommend it to anyone.
0385482582|5.0|Complacency is one of the biggest enemies of any organization, but especially for successful ones like Intel.  ONLY THE PARANOID SURVIVE provides two powerful observations that will help anyone who reads this  book:  (1) That changes are lurking out there that need immediate attention  inside your organization and (2) That you must be constantly vigilant for  large discontinuous changes (such as those driven by microprocessors,  Intel's main product).  Having the perspective of someone who has been both  the beneficiary and the target of discontinuous change, Dr. Grove's lessons  become all the more real.  At first, I thought this book was a little  overdone; but upon reflection, I feel that complacency is probably best  overcome by paranoia in the absence of the management process to locate,  anticipate, create and adapt to externally-driven discontinuous changes.  We cite this book in our own book about how to be more successful, because  we believe it is an important work.  Please read this book, and take its  lessons seriously.  But have fun while you are being paranoid!
B000001GQP|5.0|CB has long been a favourite of mine and I now own six or so different versions.  To me the opening and closing sequences are vital to the whole work and Jochum gets them absolutely spot on.  The percussion is just  wonderful, but really it is just the whole poise of Jochum's approach -  from the word go the momentum is unstoppable and everything seems so  inevitable.  <br />This performance is simply head and shoulders above the  rest (Welser-Most's recent crack at it is almost as commendable).  It is  one of two versions that Orff himself &quot;authorised&quot;. It's  relatively well-priced.  Buy it.  Now!
0887307396|5.0|The concept behind this book is brilliant:  What makes companies that outperform their peers for decades enjoy that success.  The most important lesson of this book is to create lasting ways of managing your business  successfully, that will outlive the skills and perspective of any one  person, no matter how talented.  The book is fun to read.  I liked the way  the ideas were described:  Big, hairy, audacious goals is a fun concept  just from the title.  One of the most useful ideas is that we need to hold  conflicting ideas in our minds, such as &quot;do more&quot; and &quot;spend  less&quot;.  English often suggests that conflicts exist in what can be  done that do not really exist in practice.  This book is outstanding for  &quot;telling it like it is&quot;.  Of particular interest to investors  will be the stock-price charts showing how valuable these lessons are for  public companies and their shareholders.
0679441018|5.0|Being a person who has turned away from Christianty to explore other religious philosophies, I was amazed to find myself actually wanting to delve into Christianty again, until I recalled that this book was posing  some anti-Christian ideas, which made me love it even more. I love the  controversy and the fact that it would make my mentors squirm and maybe  even freak out. And the way Rice mixed the theological fantasy with  scientific theory was wonderful. A must read, even if you can't conceive of  a compassionate devil.
0140157352|5.0|In virtually all circumstances where people are working together, they come to agreement in ways that short-change the interests of everyone involved.  This landmark book shows practical ways to find out what other  people want, and to devise better alternatives that create a  &quot;win&quot; for everyone.  The authors do a great job of overcoming the  preconception that many hold that working on problems means that you have  to be unpleasant.  The advice to be hard on the problems and easy on the  people (building a relationship) is a key concept that everyone can use.  I  have found this book to be one of the most helpful that I have every read,  and I cite its lessons in my own book.  I recently had a chance to use  these principles in a negotiating workshop with veteran negotiators, and I  was struck by how few people apply the lessons of GETTING TO YES.  You will  vastly improve your life if you read and practice the ideas in GETTING TO  YES.
B000000ISM|5.0|I was at the store when this album went on sale back in '87.  Since then I've gone through about 3 cassettes and 2 CD's.  Now, I need to get a new copy.  Oh, by the way, the rest of my CD's look like new...so it's not that  I trash my CD's.  It's just the best CD available.
0875845851|5.0|This is a great book because it points out why, and how, opportunities continually open up in markets.  It tells large companies where they are vulnerable.  It also points out to budding revolutionaries ways to attack a  large company.  I also knew that it was hard for a high-end company to  attack the low end or middle market and now I know why.  I say that this  book is an instant classic.  One of my top ten business books.
0783113943|4.0|I read the book &quot;Thing of Beauty&quot; when it first came out, and was saddened and moved by it.  Although the video wasn't always true to the real story, I thought it was convincingly acted, and I especially liked the  cinematography.  I am not often moved by movies like this, but this one got  to me.  It managed to show how quickly a sensitive soul can be destroyed in  the &quot;fast lane,&quot; and that this destruction can be aided and  abetted by those who call themselves your friends.  Kudos to Jolie and  Ruehl, especially.
0887307396|3.0|This book states a premise at the beginning of each chapter and then overdoses the reader with multitudes of examples.  These get too be quite long and are very selective in how they praise companies. The authors don't  take any position on the morality of how companies got into their group.   For example, Phillip Morris makes their list as a great visionary company.   If this is the case, the Columbian drug dealers should have made the list  as well.  Also, Wal-Mart makes the list.  How they treat their suppliers is  absolutely deplorable and their effect on the communities they put their  stores in is catastrophic.  Nice club to belong to.  Overall the book is  sort of disjointed and too long.  Does have some good points, however and  should be skimmed (skipping the plethora of examples) and some of its core  ideas should be used in running companies.
B000002OMN|4.0|Okay, i guess, not the best album in the worse but okay.  its either you like it or you hate.  i like obviously.
630529142X|3.0|Although the Waterboy, was yet another funny movie by Sandler, you can tell his routine is running dry. Personaly I found this movie predictiable, and very poor in some of his jokes where his stupid faces no longer let him  off the hook. He better go back to quality acting like the Wedding Singer  or find himself out in the cold as yet another outcast of Hollywood.<br />But,  the movie did have its origional parts which brought up the laughs and the  ratings.<br />Dont see this movie unless your in it for a laugh only, not a  serious movie with a plot.
6302413931|2.0|I couldn't really get into the movie. But then again, I saw it when I was young. Everyone says the movie is adapted from Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness, but that is only partially true. In college George Lucas(yes, the  George Lucas) and John Milius wrote the story, but when Coppola wanted to  proceed with it Lucas was busy with Star Wars. Coppola, who owned the  rights to the movie through Zoethrope, rewrote the story with Milius and  went ahead and directed it anyway despite Lucas. Lucas had wanted to direct  the movie which he felt was at least half his and it put a strain in his  and Coppola's friendship. Lucas felt that Coppola had wrecked his and  Milius' original story. I would have liked to see what Lucas would have  done with it and compared the two. Lucas retaliated with Purple Haze(never  seen it, heard mixed reviews) which Universal renamed More American  Grafitti.
0767811038|2.0|If you've never read the book, the action and some of the dialogue are somewhat entertaining. If you have read it, you'll most likely be pretty dissapointed with the movie.  Either way, you've got some really attractive  people (and their bodies, of course) to look at--so I guess it's not a  TOTAL loss (hence the TWO stars, instead of one).
0060974176|4.0|This book introduces quite a few concepts, but unfortunately all of the examples are from the auto industry.  If the reader can overcome this, and think of how the information would apply to their own industry, the book is  of great value.  The author's view of the future of the auto industry is  quite interesting.  I personally believe most cars will be bought over the  Net as people generally hate dealing with car dealerships.<br />Good book, but  if you're truly interested in this subject read Lean Thinking instead (same  authors, better examples although many are also auto industry based).
6303542352|5.0|This is something that should be seen by all who enjoy politics.  Exceptional script and acting!!
6304119046|2.0|In college, my best friend talked me into watching the movie and doing a report on it for him. I could barely stand to watch it all. And several months ago when I saw that the AFI had selected it the number 1 American  film of all time, I was stunned. Who are these people? I know Citizen Kane  is partly based on a real person's life, but the plot totally sucked. The  acting wasn't great either. Everyone talks about the cinematography, well I  wasn't even impressed with that, though I suppose back when it was release  it was something.
B00000AFWW|4.0|If you would have told me four years ago that I would buy Hole's next album I would have probably laughed in your face.  I never listened to Live Through This mainly because I was horrified on what Courtney Love  represented.  Little did I know that her public image has nothing to do  with what she truly expresses in her music.  When I bought this album, the  only two songs I had heard were &quot;Celebrity Skin&quot; and  &quot;Malibu&quot;.  Both of them struck me and I decided to see what this  woman was all about.  Needless to say, I was not disappointed.  I think it  takes a few listenings in order to truly appreciate Celebrity Skin.  Once  you do, you can't shake it.  &quot;Malibu&quot; has the most significance  to me since its a song about pleading for the one you love to be alright.   It was nice to see that Love actually had a soul.
B000005RFJ|5.0|My first introduction to Black Sabbath was this album in 1972, and it's remained my favorite ever since. It's the overall sound of it that always grabs me, as Tony Iommi's guitar reached a level of heaviness that for me  can only be described as spritual. Yes, Black Sabbath saves...this album  proves that there is redemption beyond the doom and gloom of everyday  existance (as the lyrics in this album state). A bit over the top, you say?  Try listening to it when you've had a lousy day, and you'll know what I  mean! Plus the most overlooked Sabbath classic, &quot;Into the Void&quot;,  is here. When I think of Black Sabbath, this album comes to mind.
B000002KH3|5.0|van Halen's first album signifies eddie and co. as RocknRoll Gods. A thunderous, whirlwind musicalevent-that captures a guitar form unmatched. a dream come true for guitar fans young and or small.Hard hitting A Plus!
0679720200|5.0|I absolutely loved every page of this book.  I have read it in both french and english.  Camus stunningly captures the struggles of a young man Maursault, dealing with the pressures of conformity in French colonial  society.  Meursault is forced to death, for refusing to show remorse over  the killing of a man.  The paradox is vivid throughout, and typical of  Camus' style: a man struggling with his emotions, against an institution  that refuses to understand his &quot;rationalizing&quot;.  Indeed a  magnificent piece of work!
B000006NPY|4.0|The first song that ever stuck me was &quot;Thirty-Three&quot; by the Smashing Pumpkins.  I had heard of them but I never picked up one of their albums.  I heard this song and thought it was just gorgeous.  I think the  spirit of that song lives in this entire album.  Yes the sound is different  and yes, fans who have been around since Gish will be disappointed but one  needs to realize that music has evolved and will continue to evolve.  To  those who gave this album only one star, you've obviously didn't give it  enough of a chance.  Billy Corgan was right when he said that he never got  the chance to display the potential he had on this album.  Most of their  fans I'm sure would rather have another &quot;Zero&quot; or another  &quot;Bullet with Butterfly Wings&quot;.  Given with what's been happening  on the Billboard charts lately, another will probably not sell with the  public.  SP has matured on this album.  Corgan talks about the pain and  loss he has suffered since Mellon Collie.  One of the great songs is track  15, &quot;Blank Page&quot;.  It moved me to tears the first time I heard  it.  It had the same effect on me as did &quot;Thirty-three&quot;.  The  album is not disappointing to people because its bad, its disappointing to  them because its not Siamese Dream.  If listened to a couple of times with  an open mind, I think most will agree that while both albums are not the  same, they do deserve to be ranked equally.
0440224764|2.0|This book started out as the best John Grisham novel I have ever read with  great character development and story line. Grisham had to ruin the whole  book by having an ending that was so unlike the character of Patrick that  he had developed..
6305041156|5.0|What can I say that hasn't been said.  Kurosawa's great retelling of King Lear is his ultimate film.  And at the age of 75 even a greater accomplishment.  But DVD copy is somewhat a disappointment.  No chapter  breaks.  Subtitles appear washed out. However, sound and colour are  excellant.
0887307280|5.0|I found the author was very much aware of the problems of a small business person who was looking for a way to control and plan for growth.  The initial chapters established a lot of credibility for the author.  The  Business Development Program outlines were very informative.<br />The only  criticism I have is that the author should have stuck with one model  company example vs the 3 or 4 he chose.  Also I was kind of turned off by  the &quot;feel good&quot; chapters (12 and 19)on Your Primary Aim and A  Letter to Sarah.
6304308469|5.0|This is one of the greatest films there is.  With all of those great early films stars how could it not be!!!  In this hotel where &quot;nothing ever happens&quot; a lonely dancer falls in love with a jewel thief who is later  killed by a ruthless business man who wants to get his secretary in the  sack and the jewel theif just needs some money but he can't get it from the  sick but wealthy worker who is staying there too. That is just some of what  this great movie has to offer.  It has one of the greatest acting ensembles  ever put together.  It is hard to beat this one.  Get it NOW!!!!!!
0609603086|1.0|Very dissapointing book from an author who should know better.  This one is so obviously written to be sold for the movie rights that I kept looking at the cover to assure myself that Michal Crichton was listed as the  author.  Grade A trash from somebody I thought well of.
0767800958|5.0|A magical movie of love and dance...very tasteful and sensitive.  I want to watch it again and again.
0790736233|5.0|This went on my list for my favorite movies of all time. I liked how they left things up to the viewers interpretation, as no one knows what happens when we die anyway. The scene on the beach was the most beautiful cinematic  vision I think I've ever seen.
B000002NHN|5.0|This album has been a surprise since the beginning. I thought none could exceed ENYA in this style of music. It brings me to a place of renewal. I honestly think this is the most beautiful music I have ever heard.
6303477259|5.0|Obviously nothing compares to actually being at the concert.  This video (and it's near sister, Delicate sound of thunder) delivers with intimate camera work displaying the artists, the lasers, the props and the audience  in a cohesive mix with soundtrack audio that will leave the viewer fully  satisfied.  The visual imagery on cuts like High Hopes, the lasers during  Comfortably Numb, the fact that the ENTIRE Dark Side of the Moon album is  performed with cutting precision are just a few of the reasons this video  is a &quot;must have&quot; in any collection.  A technical masterpiece.
0784011796|5.0|After watching a movie that makes you stay up all night thinking about everything you have ever known, the only thing you can do is tell other people about it.  The first excellent thing about this movie is the  incredible cinematography. The grainy black and white film that creates  extreme emotion in every scene. The high pitch sounds and fast electronic  music that is in cue with the movements of the film. The director of this  film is a genius. He takes a very bizaar story and makes it seem like a  documentary. Ofcourse, the best part of this film is the story. A movie  based on facts and theorems found centuries ago, that are then applied to  the structure of society, religion and nature. The facts presented in this  film twist your thoughts and emotions, because you will never be able to  picture reality the same way ever again.
6300151379|5.0|This movie is a must see; a classic.  It's the best of it's genre.  It's for kids, grownups, David Bowie fans, Jim Henson fans, anyone who likes fantasy and/or appreciates good movies!  Does that seem excessive?  Well,  it's not!  A good story well told, with great acting, beautifully filmed  and with (of course) a wonderful sound track.  I've been trying to get a  copy of it for years, and can't understand why it's out of print, and why  it hasn't been re-released.  If anyone has a copy that they'd like to sell,  they sure aren't telling me!  I'll just close by echoing the sentiments of  everyone else who's reviewed this movie;  if you havn't seen it, see it.   If you can find a copy, get it.
0790729652|5.0|They all go downhill from here.  This is by far the best comic book movie i've seen and the greatest Batman of them all.  The Dark Knight is TRIUMPHANT!
6302968119|5.0|This is a tribute to when you're hot you're hot!  Tarentino and Scott had them (some of the best talent on hollywood)lining up to act in this thrill ride and they ALL came through!   The &quot;last act of defiance,&quot;  scene with Chris Walken and Dennis Hopper is one of the best of all time.   And if you thought Brad Pitt was way out there in &quot;Kalifornia or  Monkies,&quot; you ain't nothin' yet!   The movie shines because the  fast-paced dialogue enables the viewer to sucessfully mix the real and  sureal in the fantisy world of hollywood.     Oh and one last thing.  Don't  be mislead by the title.  Violence...yes pleanty.  True Romance...well only  that of the  Tarentino-hollywood variety.
0767812646|4.0|The musical Oliver is based on the famous novel Oliver Twist.  Although this version of the story cannot be compared to the original due to its more comic nature, this is a much more palatable version for children to  start with.  Oliver has several memorable songs including &quot;I'd Do  Anything For You&quot; and &quot;You've Got to Pick a Pocket or Two.&quot;   I would definitely recommend this movie to people who enjoy other musicals  such as &quot;The Sound of Music&quot; or &quot;My Fair Lady.&quot;  However, it has a slightly darker tone to it that has kept it from ever  becoming an endearing favorite among musicals.
B000001FKY|5.0|First of all, Def Leppard was one of the few bands to survive, let alone enjoy sucesss through the 90's! This album is one of the reasons why. This CD should be the cornerstone in your collection, no matter what your music  taste usually lend themselves to. If you loved it when you were in high  school, or it's your first time around, after you hear it, in another ten  years it will still found as fresh as it did on the day of it's initial  release. Buy 2 copies, 'cause your gonna wear the first one out!
B0000021RB|4.0|originally bought the album when it first came out and was pleased to finally find it on cd. but was very heartbroken to realize that not all of the album was converted to disc. next time buyer beware.
0136879721|5.0|I now feel an inner peace after reading this book. I feel in unison with everyone.  It has made me understand that we are all part of the one Spirit and that we truly hold great powers.  Life has no meaning, it just is.
0553573403|5.0|Great book.  I normally don't read this type of  book, and didn't realize it would have so much  &quot;fantasy&quot; like events (like the woman that is very interconnected with dragons), but it was  drew me in.  The book is  very interesting, an examination of different claiminents to the  throne  (reminded me of the war of the roses in  England's battle of thrones, and  King Alfred's  small gathering of English soil into one hands),  including  one group belonging to the last crowned king (who had combined several  separate groups  into one kingdom). The only part that started to get  annoying was the &quot;supernatural&quot; forces  beyond the north wall.
0671559850|4.0|One of the best SF books that I've ever run across.  Makes it depressing that Martin has spent so much time as an editor instead of  an author, and that the books that he has  written are so hard to find.  Even though it  was more of a collection of interrelated short  stories, it was very well  put together.  The book lead me to read his Clash of Kings book (which  would received 5 stars from me), and I find both of them to be very well  written and good.
6305229449|5.0|Mulan finds herself entrapped when she makes a poor appearance in public, which costs her family honor.  To regain her pride as well as her family's, she journeys off to train in a military to fight in place of her father.         During this adventure, she is guided by an overconfident dragon named  Mushu sent by her ancestors.  This pair is a hilarious combination.        In the end, find out how Mulan regains her family's honor.  There is also a  surprising twist to the ending.
0671043919|2.0|Ambrose seemed to depend on two sources for his book, Lt. Winters, a legend in his own mind, and Pvt. Webster, a Harvard student who managed to remain a private throughout the war and who was a self professed gold  brick.  Their biased view of the war and company dominate the book.  Capt.  Sobel, who developed and nurtured the unit for two years as CO until being  sabotaged by Winters and a few Non Coms does not get the credit he so  clearly deserved.  The reader is relieved when on page 156 Lt. Winters, who  served as CO for a mere 3 months is bumped upstairs into a Battalion staff  position where he served for most of the rest of the war.  But no, his  jaundiced view continues to pervade the book.  The low point for this  reader came when after Lt. Heyliger led a daring raid behind enemy lines  and rescued 125 British troops, 5 American pilots and Dutch resistance  fighters, Winters dismissed the heroics with &quot;So what's the big  deal?&quot; (Page 164.)<br />So was Easy Company: A Band of Brothers-only in a  severely dysfunctional family; the best unit in the Army-hardly; capture  Hitler's Eagle Nest-only if one considers rolling in on trucks after the  war and consuming all the booze in sight.<br />Easy Company was a good rifle  company, but Ambrose's treatment, focusing as it does on Lt. Winters,  hardly does it justice.
B000002H33|5.0|Master of Puppets is a breakthrough album for Metallica. It separated them for the usual speed metal category to a more adverse, melodic metal. My favorite songs on this album are Master of Puppets, Welcome  Home(sanitarium), and Damage Inc. The guitarwork on this album is  sensational.  If you liked Kill em' All and Ride The Lightning, you will  LOVE Master of Puppets.
B00000F1D3|5.0|Cher always has been here to stay.  Believe proves it.  Now to all the critics like Entertainment Weekly and the other crumudgeon gossip columnists, you'd think they would have learned!  The album is one of her  best ever.  After a few years of obvious personal issues to manage, we love  the fact that she's topping the charts worldwide again!  Go Cher.  I've  loved you since I was 15 and I'm 45 now!!!!
0399143904|5.0|Tom Clancy continues to keep you on the edge of your seat with his latest, &quot;Rainbow Six&quot;.  Everyone says that this book is repetitive and gets boring. My question for them is what do you do on a regular basis that  can possibly be more exciting than this? In my opinion the book is a keeper  and I'll take a book like this anyday.
B000002L9Y|3.0|I remember when this album came out in 1987 I was thrilled just to have some new music by my favorite band in the world. Once the thrill wore off, however, I was able to see the many shortcomings of this album. While most of the songs are pleasant, the overall effect is rather bland. Christine McVie is consistent as ever with &quot;Everywhere,&quot; &quot;Is'nt it Midnight,&quot; and &quot;Little Lies,&quot; and Lindsey Buckingham contributes the effective &quot;Big Love,&quot; and &quot;Caroline.&quot; The most surprising aspect of this album (and the most disappointing) is the poor quality of Stevie Nicks' songs. &quot;Seven Wonders&quot; is merely adequete while &quot;Welcome to the Room Sara&quot; is rife with recycled lyrics from her far superior 1981 song &quot;Blue Lamp.&quot; The biggest dud is the ballad &quot;When I See You Again,&quot; on which Stevie sounds awful and is further hampered by horrible lyrics. She obviously thought this song was touching and emotional but it succeeds only in sounding pathetic.
B0000025L8|4.0|I think there are a few weak songs here, and there might be a tidge more mucking about than is really necessary, but there are also some true classics.  The Call-Up is utterly brilliant--perhaps my favourite Clash  song, it's powerful, haunting, and entirely gorgeous.  One More Time isn't  far off; I even like the dub version, although I think it was a mistake to  put it right after the original version.  Somebody Got Murdered, Lightning  Strikes (Not Once But Twice), Police On My Back, The Equaliser, Ivan Meets  GI Joe, and Washington Bullets are also great.  Hell, even the gospel  number The Sound of Sinners, which sounds like a very, very bad idea on  paper, turns out to be quite good.  <br />As I said before, it's not  perfect--some of the songs, especially on the second disc, kind of blend  together, and it also features two of the greatest travesties ever  perpetrated upon mankind; i.e., a little girl mangling Guns of Brixton (at  the end of Broadway) and the--gack--*children's choir* version of Career  Opportunities.  Still, it's a great album in all.  The Clash were easily  punk's most significant band, and this does a fine job of showing why.
0783229526|3.0|Turn on, Tune in, Drop out. Now add Las Vegas, a convertible, and a 300 lb. Somoan, shake well, and you have the film version of Hunter Thompson's famous road-drug epic, Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas. Wrongly subtitled as  `A Savage Journey to the Heart of the American Dream' it is more like a  journey into the soul of a `60s anti-hero.<br />The American Dream is not an  ideal or a theory; it is not existential and far off. It is a tangible  thing that stands for liberty. First and foremost religious liberty, but  also liberty to live where you choose, make life better for those you love,  and to manage your own affairs. Apparently to Thompson and his ilk, the  Dream means acting like juveniles, taking volumes of illegal narcotics, and  generally thumbing your nose at any and all conventions and authorities in  your vicinity.<br />Mimicking one of the best opening scenes of any book, the  movie begins: &quot;We were somewhere around Barstow on the edge of the  desert when the drugs began to take hold.&quot; It is the story of Raoul  Duke (Johnny Depp) and his attorney Dr. Gonzo (Benicio Del Toro), who go  hurtling off to Vegas to cover the Mint 400 motorcycle and dune buggy race  with &quot;...two bags of grass, seventy-five pellets of mescaline, five  sheets of high-powered blotter acid, a salt shaker half full of cocaine,  and a whole galaxy of multi-colored uppers, downers, screamers, laughers .  . . and also a quart of tequila, a quart of rum, a case of beer, a pint of  raw ether and two dozen amyls.&quot; <br />Regarding the use of drugs the film  varies from a sober to a namby-pamby account of life with dope. For  instance Duke speaks with gravity: &quot;...the only thing that worried me  was the ether. There is nothing in the world more helpless and  irresponsible and depraved than a man in the depths of an ether  binge.&quot; But the tone for much of the abuse is one of Otis in Mayberry:  wasted people are funny people. Always a funny book, Fear and Loathing is  Dr. Thompson's magnum opus; his unexpurgated diary and a part of our  cultural wallpaper. His style is coarse and verbose as he chronicles the  trip in filthy and original reportage. Yet I wonder what made the producers  choose this book a full twenty-five years after its release, especially  considering the widespread belief that it was unfilmable (mostly due to the  majority of the action happening inside Duke's head.)<br />But Hunter S.  Thompson is a pure American original: avid gun collector, neo-libertarian,  obscene abuser of narcotics, and founder of gonzo journalism. He was an  original frequenter of the Haight-Ashbury scene as well as an early and  often public dissenter of President Nixon., but what we miss in his  pseudo-realistic drama (as filmed by Terry Gilliam) is key: recognition. I  have never seen or heard bats that were not there. I have never trashed  hotels until &quot;the room looked like the site of some disastrous  zoological experiment involving whiskey and gorillas.&quot; The character,  the setting, the experiences: all foreign to the average person. The thrill  of recognition is absent. I do not see my own or a transcendent human  condition proposed, quite the opposite, I see a slovenly made movie  faithfully recreated from a similarly untidy tome.
6305169187|5.0|A Sensational movie, mixed with humour, action, and the delicacy of melancholy and love. Willis is at his best here. <br />This movies makes, other would be movies look like a 1955 edition of lost in  space.....exactly. A must be viewed movie, for movie watchers at large.
B00000099Y|5.0|This is a must have. With amazing gitars and sweet vocals this album has everything. From organ music to a song sung in German. If you buy this album you will not be dissapointed. I wasn't.
B000002LIX|5.0|Just like the first album by the Stone Roses, everyone should at least listen to or own this album. Now I'm not going to write any pretentious comments about the band or this style of music(I'll leave that to the so  called music critics....how do these people get jobs?). The first three  tracks open gloriously giving you outstanding drum and bass combinations  with clever vocals and guitar. This leads to 'obvious' a simple but simply  magnificent song (translate the lyrics how you want).'Been caught stealing'  is probably the bands most danceable tune on this album and is in perfect  place to lead you to rest for '3 days', the albums centre piece song. It's  even better live! 'Then she did' is the perfect song to compliment '3 days'  and kind of continues the journey. The final two songs 'Of course!' and  'classic girl' are totally different in style but end the album perfectly.  By this time, you'll want to play '3 days' again and again.....Trust me,  lie down, play it and enjoy.
B00000DGUG|5.0|This is a quite perfect CD!! Far better from the first one and one of the best Rock albums ever seen!! Enjoy!
6302136105|2.0|Oliver Stone should really give up making movies about history. I never wanted to see this movie, but when you end up in a video store where you've seen nearly everything...that's about the only way you'd pick this one up.  <br />I think Val Kilmer did an alright job, but everyone else seemed to be  portraying some cartoon of who they thought the people were. <br />I am a  Doors fan from childhood (had a lot of older brothers), so I wish the movie  hadn't been made because people that don't care about Jim Morrison's memory  will just believe that's how it really happened. For those of us who care,  we only need to hear the music.<br />Watch the movie, but realize their life  wasn't about drugs and getting out of control. That was a consequence of  Fame.
6301934229|1.0|I despise this movie, especially because it started out so good.  By the time Rutger Hauer becomes a human Terminator it had long ago lost its charm  (I mean he escapes from shackles with three  cops with shotguns on  him...Yeah..sure...right)  I have rarely seen a more unpleasant, wrethedly  acted or written film
B00000G3HZ|5.0|For those who grew up in this time period, THE BIG CHILL brings back lots of memories. With all the major upheavals going on in society, it's not surprising that lives that were originally going to &quot;save the  world&quot; turned out just struggling to save themselves. There are no  &quot;yuppie scum&quot; in this movie, just honest-down-to-earth (some of  them) types who have, as William Hurt's character says, &quot;been still  evolving&quot; throughout their lives. Add also a tremendous soundtrack, it  all becomes very believable and brings that post-college, post-idyllic  world let-down back with a vengeance. Where did the hope go? It's still  there in some, missing in others, and lying dormant for the rest. A great  ensemble cast tops off the perfection that is &quot;THE BIG CHILL.&quot;
0380715430|5.0|I'm a high school junior, and very interested in reading.  I read this book and found it the most informative and entertaining book ever.  My friend thought it would be just another boring history-type book.  I read  her a few passages, and now she is reading it.
B00000DFSK|4.0|I have been a fan of U2's for as long as I can remember and I am so glad they FINALLY came out with a greatest hits CD. The second I got it, I put it in my CD player and listened to it over and over. My personal favorites  are &quot;In the name of Love&quot;, &quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday&quot;, and  &quot;Sweetest Thing&quot;. It is an altogether superb CD and I hope every  fan of U2 buys it to see how great of a band they truly are.
B000002AOD|5.0|The slower songs need a little work, but it is amazing how these guys sound.
B00000DGUG|5.0|This album surpasses all expectations of Alanis Morissette, and shows an even more open and loving person.
0446604844|5.0|I am a new David Baldacci fan!  This was the first book I read by him and eagerly anticipate all of the other ones I have yet to read!  The plane trip I took it on &quot;flew&quot; right by as I read this.  It's  suspensful, entertaining, and drags you right in at the first page.
B000002MU3|2.0|As if you needed any more proof that mainstream &quot;rock&quot; critics don't know what the heck they're talking about and are only trying to sell magazines (and CDs!), just check out the blurbs here above the fans'  feedback. SPIN calling Monster REM's best since Murmur?!? Sheesh - give me  a break! This is yucky stuff. Kenneth, wake up!
0694520500|5.0|Robin S. Sharma covered a subject matter on which many books are written. All major religion of the world have a way to explain how to lead ones life, Psychologist have their answers &amp; advice. &quot;The Monk Who Sold  His Ferrari&quot;  gives you the insight in plain simple ways. must read to  believe.Veena Vasishth
B000003CKH|5.0|This is a classic (and far better than the recent follow up, Prolonging The Magic, which is very good but doesn't live up to its name)! There's so much here, it's ALL highlights. My fave track: Italian Leather Sofa
078401213X|4.0|This film was surely backed by some serious hype, yet I left my little home theatre unsure whether or not it was as excellent as I had heard. The dialogue, especially Cohen's internal, was interesting. Number theory was  backed intelligently: &quot;Personal note; restate my assumptions ...&quot;  The soundtrack definitely worked perfectly, and, in my opinion, was the  greatest asset of this piece.
B000001IQH|5.0|This is a fantastic CD - one of the best of the decade! Every track is a standout. This album has been likened to The Clash's London Calling, and while that's very lofty company the comparison is apt. Produced by the guy  who mixed Green Day's Dookie and Insomniac, the CD has a perfect sound,  with none of the harshness or white noise associated with many neo-punk  bands. You even get 3 ska songs - each is excellent and fits right in with  classics by groups like The Specials and The Beat. This is an amazing,  totally underrated/overlooked CD.
B000002JKA|5.0|If you grew up listening to the Dregs, Kansas, Rush, Yes, and Iron Maiden, and you've been saddened by the desert in grunge rock, here is good news.  The drought is over.  The sons of Yes and Iron Maiden are here, and they  are Dream Theater, the best muscians on the planet.
B000002LOE|2.0|Sadly, this is one of the band's weaker efforts. Their songwriting in the '80s has dwarfed their feeble '90s output, and it's increasingly looking like this is a group that should have hung it up in, say, 1987. Fave track:  Me In Honey.
B000002R48|2.0|I love Dream Theater, but this one is simply a collector's piece to let you know how the great band got its start.  If you want to check out Dream Theater, try another CD.  I seldom listen to it.
B000002MG1|3.0|Well, this isn't one of the greatest albums of all time; in fact, it's probably only REM's 5th or 6th best CD. But it does sound good; there's no denying it's well crafted. It contains some of REM's worst music (the  almost unlistenable &quot;Ignoreland&quot;, &quot;Drive&quot; with its rip  of David Essex's &quot;Rock On&quot;) and some of its best - at least in  the '90s - the fantastic &quot;Man On The Moon&quot; (currently being made  into a movie starring Jim Carrey) and the infectious &quot;Sidewinder  Sleeps Tonight&quot;, patterned after the (often a capella) standard  &quot;The Lion Sleeps Tonight&quot;. REM fans should definitely own this  CD; others should opt for Murmur, Reckoning or one of the '80s  compilations.
B000005JLX|5.0|Lloyd Cole's debut shows him to be one of the worlds best songwritters.His voice is one of the most touching, soothing and original. The guitar playing is class all the way. The songs are great tunes that will always  stay with you. They are sad overall but they keep an up-beat rythem.  Unfourtunatly they happen to be extremly short. This doesn't mean the they  are incomplete, it just means that it requires alot of listening, which is  a very good thing.
0800141873|5.0|I really enjoyed the movie its was hilarious at the same time it held my interest all the way to the end there is a lot to learn from it. How people use their own interpretation for the bill of rights is the main highlight  of the movie.It is a movie i could watch over and over again. Watching this  movie will not make anyone think like a pervert as some people might  suggest.The most hilarious line in the movie according to me is when  Courtney Love tells Woody Harrelson that he is not the only one in the club  to have had every girl in the club.WATCH IT ITS EXCELLENT.
B000003TA4|5.0|After reading some of the reviews written by people about this album, I must say I am a little disappointed. No, Kurt Cobain wasn't an excelent guitar player (The first songs I learned to play on the guitar were  &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; and &quot;Come As You Are&quot;). It is  also true that Kurt's songs were wrather simple (or not as complex as  others of their time). This can mean only one thing. Cobain wasn't talented  at all and &quot;Nevermind&quot; was in fact a work of Genius. As far as  his vocals go, the singing on &quot;Nevermind&quot; is a deluge of spirit  from start to finish. The music here is what you hope for when buying an  album. A recording like this doesn't come around more than once a decade.  Buy it and you'll understand what I'm talking about.
B000006OAM|5.0|Natalie has a beautful, entrancingly melodic voice. This is one of my most treasured CDs.
6302732778|5.0|The Director's Cut of Blade Runner returns the sense of mystery to the film. Too much explanation is not a good thing, can you imagine if 2001 A Space Odessey had a voice-over narration?  I can remember everyone having  an opinion about what that monolith really represented.  In this film, the  very obscurity of the plot line lends an air of other-worldly substance,  that narration made it more of just another detective story.  Another  thing, I can remember a review way back when stating that the film had be  cut almost a full hour, I had expected that this version would have  restored a lot of that time, what's the scoop?
B0000057C5|5.0|Even though I can't understand a dang word they say,  I love this album!!! It gets me pumped up for football games.  Me and my buddies blast &quot;buck dich&quot;, &quot;Du Hast&quot;, &quot;Engel&quot;, and  &quot;Tier&quot; while driving down the road.  I don't recommend it for  those with weak ears.  BUY IT!!
6302799066|5.0|I was always a lover of history and the Cold War has always fascinated as to the behavior of our government if one of our own leaders fired first. Peter Sellers is the best!  Everyone of his charcters were memorable.  From  Mandrake to Dr. Strangelove.  General Turgeson was the best!
B000002NHN|5.0|Wish more artists of this caliber were represented.  More to pop music than top 40.
0399143904|4.0|Tom Clancy does it again.  If you have liked any of his other books, then you must read this book.  Rainbow Six was a great book which I could not put down.  Read it!!!
0688152023|5.0|When I was a little girl, I dreamed of becoming a ballet dancer but was unable to take lessons. When I opened my amazon.com shipment and took out this book, many (MANY!) decades later, I actually got a lump in my throat,  feeling that at last I can participate in a personal way, in that awesome  world of the dance. The book is beautiful, informative, and challenging. It  presents enough exercises to keep me busy for years, and best of all, it is  written with a true sense of what a body is capable of doing. I go to the  health club and do aerobics and weight training, but this book takes  working out to a much higher level, a level where we work toward grace,  balance, and elegance in movement.  We are reminded to pay attention to the  &quot;quality of movement,&quot; and to &quot;move like a dancer,&quot;  which is very good advice, especially for women.  Not that these are easy  exercises, by any means. You can pace yourself, work as hard as you wish,  and know that every erg of energy you expend will bring  you closer to  having a beautiful body. Motivating! (Do NOT look for me onstage at the NYC  Ballet, however. Alas.)
B000006OAM|1.0|Unoriginal and uninspiring. Merchant's ego was too big for 10,000 Maniacs, but her talent just can't cut it. How I yearn for the days of &quot;Eat for Two.&quot;
0399143904|5.0|I was scared at first looking at the mere size of the book.  I was unable to put it down and read it in two weeks.  Fast paced and action packed.  Excellent characters and tactical situations.  A must read.  If you haven't  read a Tom Clancy this is a great book to start with.
0670880728|5.0|I read this book with great delight.  It is very, very comic, and elicits out loud laughter while being read.  I thought Helen Fielding did a masterful job of portraying a &quot;modern&quot; working women who spends  most of her time worrying about how to get a man.  This book is also  touching because it portrays Briget as a lonely person, who has doubts  about her self-worth.  Briget is like a British Ally McBeal, except fatter  and funnier!
B000002UJQ|5.0|With OK Computer, Radiohead moves a bit away from pop and into art-rock.  The result is a great album, dark but yet accessible to mainstream.  If you like this CD try Marillion's Brave.
0684847817|5.0|Being a huge fan of Brian Froud, i bought the book with closed eyes, but was more than what i bargained for. The book is absolutly amazing. Inspires you and make you think twice before you say you don't believe in faeries!  Brian Froud is  just amazing!!Nobody can draw like him. You will have the  time of your life with this book!! Mine, is in right beside my bed. You,  your kids, doesn't matter the age,you all are going to love it!
6305252521|5.0|&quot;The Truman Show&quot; starts out as a frighteningly normal life for Truman (Carrey) and follows his &quot;doubt&quot; and discovery of who he really is.<br />The program is one that all of us can identify with on varying  personal levels.  We've all questioned who we are and where we come from.   The Truman Show defies concepts of perception as reality and the  philosophical enigma of, &quot;I think, therefore I am.&quot;
6303686796|5.0|Taxi driver exemplifies one of the greatest delves into the human psyche that I could ever imagine.  From the beginning, it is clearly blatant that Travis, Robert Deniro's character, is trying to make right in a world and  society gone completely wrong. A trend seen to this day. He is just another  face in the violent, turbulent crowd of a mean-spirited city like New York.   A true grief - striken story of man versus the elements and environment  around him. What is portrayed here is a man who &quot;would not take it  anymore.&quot; He is sickened by the environment around him that just will  never leave him alone. How many of us have felt this way? He tried to  assimilate himself in society but can't cope with the tools he has.   I'm  always taken back by the scene in his apartment with the Jackson Browne  song in the background.  Travis begins to realize his world is falling  apart around him. I recommend this movie to anyone fed up with society,  alienated from the evils of the world and overall tired of all the nonsense  we must face from day to day. Truly, one of the greatest movies of all  time!
0800177177|5.0|Dracula doesn't seem like it would be all too impressive, but for those who have digital 5.1 it's amazing.  Even in this tiny little room it sounds, feels, and appears as though you were in a movie theatre.  Also,  the ability to switch between widescreen and standard is a huge plus.  Most  movies now-a-days make you buy both formats!  Altogether it was an  excellent movie you can watch over and over again.
B000002J2B|4.0|If you died today, and only one picture were left to memorialize you, would you want it to be a picture from 1977?<br />I would not, and I know of at least one person who wouldn't. Back then, this hairy rock troubador  looked like Grizzly Adams meets John the Baptist: a mad  prophet-in-the-wilderness from Middle Earth. His big, bushy beard and  unkempt long hair had you thinking he usually wore a sign that said,  &quot;REPENT - THE END IS NEAR&quot;.<br />Phil Collins has tried to live down  this image for 20 years. This paid off as he became accepted by EVERYONE,  including that much maligned-by-the-leftist-media demographic, white  middle-class conservative Soccer Moms.<br />Ironically, if fans of today's  retrogressive jam bands like Phish and Widespread Panic saw a picture of  Phil in 1977, and saw Genesis performing &quot;Wind and Wuthering&quot; in  concert, they'd relate to it.<br />And the soccer Moms would probably toss  change in his direction, and hold their noses.<br />&quot;Wind and  Wuthering&quot; is like the gateway drug to other Genesis albums, for that  tiny demographic of music fans who like extended musical epics, complex  time signatures, and fantasy-drenched lyrics like:<br />See the Stewart are  dressed up  He's got eyes in the back of his head.  Who came in a  cockleshell boat  That could only just float,  Couldn't even lift a  sword...<br />If those lyrics made you cringe, or conjured up images of smelly  potential stalkers with backpacks full of Dungeons and Dragons modules,  chances are you won't like this album. If you're intruiged, then keep  reading.<br />&quot;Eleventh Earl of Mar&quot;, an uptempo escapist fantasy  based on the Jacobite Rebellion (with bumbling heros launching a suprise  attack on London) clocks in at 8 minutes. &quot;One for the Vine&quot;, a  psuedo-parable about a would-be messiah, features impressive piano playing  by lead songwriter Tony Banks. &quot;Your Own Special Way&quot; and  &quot;Wot Gorilla&quot; round out the side with shorter, but no less  pastoral, conceptual pieces. Side two begins with a quirky theatrical  piece, &quot;All in a Mouse's Night&quot;, then gets into a total immersion  into all things British, &quot;Blood on the Rooftops&quot;, and wraps up  with a trilogy of songs based on Emily Bronte's &quot;Wuthering  Heights&quot;. <br />If you've ever wondered about early Genesis, but are  skeptical that anything Phil Collins did could be cool, this is the one to  buy. <br />Play it to your friends and tell them it's a new supergroup with  members of Tool, Phish, and Widespread Panic. <br />They'll love it.
B0000025D0|4.0|I listen to Badlands every day on the way to work. Twenty years after first buying the album this one song has more meaning for me than ever.  In the past 20 years, college, b-school, a half dozen jobs, plenty of  relationships, and multiple cities have passed.  But this one Springsteen  song still rings true. &quot;You spend your life waiting for a moment that  just don't come. Don't waste your time waiting, badlands.&quot; How did  Springsteen know? How could he possibly have come up with these words?  Genius. Buy the album.
B000002KCC|5.0|Heavily intoxicated and very sad over the death of there band mate, Neil and his band put out one of their best albums
6301978137|3.0|Seriously though, if I weren't a sucker for sword and sorcery films I wouldn't have lowered myself to this. In fact the main reason I did watch it was because George MacDonald Frasier who wrote the fantastic Flashman  novels and the screenplay for Octopussy, did the script or screenplay or  something for this too. Once I got into the film however, I found myself...  well, rather enjoying it actually. I mean, what do you really expect from  flms of this sort? Nielson was wooden but sexy and cool, Arnie was as rough  and gruff (and tough) as you could want from a sword swinging barbarian,  the evil queen was deliciously cliched, and as for the rest of the cast,  well who really cares? I just wish the female audience could have been  given another nice young male character to look at if Arnie wasn't quite to  their tastes - and less of the fat annoying bodyguard, please!
B00000099Y|5.0|I loved Opiate and Undertow, but this one lacked song definition and originality.  The great vocals are hidden behind too many effects.  There's definately nothing here that wasn't done better in Undertow!
6300151379|4.0|I grew up watching this movie and was always entranced by its magic and beauty. Who can forget the &quot;dream ball&quot;, the endless hall of stairs, or Bowie's general fabulousness? The creators had some of the most  poetic imaginations in the film industry and films like this are just not  made anymore. Why only four stars then? Because so much sexual tension gets  built up between Sarah and the Goblin King and it never, never gets  released! It's so frustrating! Ditch the litle brat and stick with Bowie  you silly girl!
B000002KB8|5.0|February, Friday the 13th, 1970. You find out about this band from your friends at school, so  you decide to go out to your local record store and get it. You run back home and flip on the stereo, switching the volume to  maximum, while your parents aren't home yet. The record begins to run. All  you hear is rain and occasional thunderstrikes. When you least expect it,  the explosion begins... and you know Ozzy has come for you.
B000009DUY|5.0|As like many of the other reviews you're reading, this collection of music just takes you right back to the film and stirs similar emotions that one most certainly experienced through every last minute of &quot;Ryan.&quot;  James Horner is another favorite theatrical composer of mine, and I found  that his musical piece to the soundtrack of &quot;Glory&quot;--when they  are filling the common grave with the 54th regiment union soldiers--gave me  the same goosebumps and tears I experienced while listening to Williams'  &quot;Hymn to the Fallen.&quot;  Though the background to the music one  could easily argue is one of tragedy and grief, I found the music to uplift  me in a patriotic sense and remember those who pushed on beyond the  barriers, rapid fire--shear hell--to slowly gain ground on arguably the  most important day in the 20th Century. Loved the Score...Bring on the film  re-release!!!!!!
6304712499|1.0|The story line was terrible, and the clown did lots of immature not funny things like flammable farts. The special effects were really good in most parts but the Devil looked so stupid and fake that the only reason we  stayed through this bloodfart of a movie was so we could laugh at the Devil  some more. His mouth didn't move hardly at all when he spoke--we still  imitate it to this day. A shame, I thought the person who played Spawn was  a decent actor, and it was a nice change to see a black main character that  isn't playing some negative sterotype. But that couldn't make up for the  horrible storyline.
6304056958|5.0|Over two hours of classic catty lines and bitchy madness, with great stars in perfect roles.  Savor every minute of the women, and be glad you don't know them!!!
B000002UV9|4.0|Of course, &quot;Mindcrime&quot; is my favorite 'Ryche album. But &quot;Empire&quot; was my first exposure to them (I heard the track and loved it long before &quot;Lucidity&quot; was released), and I still think  it was a great effort by this group.<br />Even when doing &quot;the commercial  thing,&quot; these guys did it very creatively and very well. Of course,  there are some tracks that were too cheesy for consumption (&quot;Hand on  Heart&quot; for one), but on the whole, it's an album that keeps you on  your toes. &quot;Best I Can&quot; has a distinctly Rush-y feel to it,  &quot;Empire&quot; and &quot;Resistance&quot; have definite social  commentary, &quot;Della Brown&quot; is beautifully strange, and &quot;Jet  City Woman&quot; is an instant anthem.<br />One of my favorite tracks is  often touted as their worst: &quot;One and Only.&quot; Sure, the lyrics  drip Velveeta, but musically, this song is the most interesting melodically  and rhythmically. I love the syncopation between the &quot;standard&quot;  guitar riffing and bouncing, shifting bass/drum work at the end. The  chorous' structure is definitely a shift, resembling an extended bridge  more than anything else.<br />(sheepishly) and i happen to like the cheesy  lyrics in this song ;)<br />So check it out, boys and girls. Worst case  scenario, you'll have to put up with some interesting music getting in the  way between you and &quot;Lucidity.&quot;
B00000DFRS|4.0|the girl can sang! it is a pity, therefore, that over her career, much of the material has not been worthy of her incredible voice.  yet, whitney could sing the alphabet and make it a must-have.  so, too, is this album.  as a long-, long-, long-term whitney fan, surprisingly, i am most impressed  by the &quot;new school&quot; material.  in no particular order, my  favorite cuts are &quot;it's not right but it's o.k.,&quot; &quot;when you  believe,&quot; &quot;in my business,&quot; &quot;my love is your  love,&quot; and &quot;oh yes.&quot;  &quot;my love is your love,&quot; the  title track, is stunning and powerful in its simplicity.  &quot;when you  believe&quot; is whitney at her best; mariah is mediocre, in my opinion.  one reviewer described it as whitney being soulful and devout, while mariah  was all fidgety. i like the &quot;i'm a strong woman; i ain' takin' no  s___&quot; sentiment of &quot;it's not right but it's o.k.&quot;  some of  the songs, though, i could have done without, including &quot;i learned  from the best.&quot; yuk!  when whitney is not distracted (be it tackling  bobby, the rumor mill, or the media), she has no peer.  her voice is  amazing, and i hope (and have some doubt) she is doing all the right things  to preserve it.
B000002HPT|4.0|We'll dispense with the inevitable comparisons to I&amp;W and &quot;Awake&quot; by simply saying that FiI isn't as good as either.<br />But it's still pretty good.<br />FiI is a bit mellower at the beginning and takes  a bit of time to build up, but all in all, it does contain DT's lush  arrangements, wonderful lyricism, and inherent sense of drama. The sound is  different, but that can be attributed the lack of Kevin Anderson (original  keyboardist and arguably their strongest songwriter and lyricist). However,  just because the most talented musician in a group of five has left doesn't  mean the other four ****. Neither does the guy they brought in to replace  him.<br />I won't go into individual tracks but will say that if you're  looking for fast and pounding metal, you'd better skip to the middle of the  album. The stuff at the beginning's not bad, but it's mid-tempo elaboration  which doesn't exactly snag your attention at the get-go.<br />DT fans will  love this album; although an initial listening may prove to be  disappointing, multiple listenings will allow it grow on one like a fungus.<br />DT neophytes looking for an album to cut their teeth on should be  directed towards &quot;Images and Words&quot; (their most digestable) and  &quot;Awake&quot; (their heavist).
B00000BKI4|4.0|I haven't heard much of Mercury Rev's older material, but I'm sure it's not too much like Deserter Songs.  This is a very theatrical piece of music with beautifully crafted songs that are immediately addictive.  Upon my  first listen, I wasn't sure if I liked the CD, but I couldn't wait to  listen to it again to find out.  &quot;Holes&quot; even though it is the  exact same chord progression as Cranberries &quot;Ode To My Family&quot; is  quite beautiful and haunting (especially if you picture Billie Holiday  singing it!)  Every song thereafter seems to come from a completely  different entity, but they flow extremely well as a piece.  Comparable to  &quot;The Wall&quot; only for its dramatic ensembles and seemingly  concept-like presentation, this is a CD that will take everyone by  surprize.
B00000257O|4.0|This album will always hold a special place in my heart. The guitar stylings of Ray Parker Jr. along with the inimitable Wah-Wah Watson are truly classics. Rhodes and smooth synth sounds abound in this Hancock Funk  classic!
0316921173|4.0|I loved reading this book, I hated finishing it, after it being my companion for months, I feel that it left me with no sense of closure. I would read it again, and again....
0393314804|5.0|What an exilerating read!  What a great book!  If you intend to read one work of Scottish fiction make it this one.  The dialect is wonderfully graphic, Irvine provides the best example of a working class voice and  experience this century.  It is much more detailed and entralling then the  film.  You'll miss Renton as soon as you put the book down.  I know intend  to read some other of Welsh's works.
0060926317|5.0|to read a book CAN bring you to another point of view, this book isnt a exception. This book does no harm, there is no killing, no fighting or any violence like in the world we are livin.<br />I am fascinated by readers  reviews. It seems to me  that everyone who read this book was faced with  his own charakter and fear. May be quite normal?! If you dont care about  the true value, about the true aboriginal culture, the autenthic fauna, the  writing stile, the money the autor had earned with, you will be able to  start your journey to yourself. This is the true value of this book.<br />You  will never know austrias culture by knowing me  or my mother or an autrian  farmer. If I describe you my drink on the table by my terms &quot;half  full&quot; you can say its &quot;half empty&quot;. <br />However, I like to  read the book.
0385484518|5.0|You can't read this book without examining your life. Your day must be different starting tomorrow. Certainly life and death will never be viewed the same. This is required reading for anyone who is questoning their  mortality
B00000FCBC|3.0|five years ago, metallica made music that was both dark and a headbangers delight. 'garage days revisied' (disc 2) proves the once mighty band was the best of the metal bands and to have these songs reissued is a pleasure.  it is a tribute to a band that played hard and had something to say.  unfortunately what could have been a great album is wasted by covers of  songs that just don't work for the hard rock style of this band.  bad songs  when they were originally released, disc 1 of garage inc. offers little in  style or musicianship. to make matters worse, the song selection for this  uneven compilation defies logic. metallica's covers of 'tuesday's gone' and  'die, die my darling'  are boring beyond the original versions, while  others such as blue oyster cult's 'astronomy' are butchered beyond  recognition. true metallica fans will find little solice in this double  disc set. as for those looking for 'the real metallica', find the black  album and crank it real loud!!!
0783226063|2.0|I just couldn't believe what Dune has turned to. What I read was a thrilling political novel, only set in another time and another place. When I was watching the movie, I longed to see one consistent story, regardless  of the details that might have been lost while adopting the novel to a  movie. Everything I watched was, shallow, obscure and irrelevant. I wonder  if Lynch really read the novel.
6305265488|5.0|This movie can best be descibed as a sexless &quot;Titanic&quot;.  You know how it is going to end, but you won't get an eyefull.  With the exception of a handfull of four letter words, this movie is a definite  family pleaser!
