B00006690G|5.0|With a music industry that makes less than about 8 percent of sales from Rap every year, Eminem sold about 7.5 million copies end of 2002. For someone to do that in their third album is pure Genius.<br />  The reason I gave this disc 5 stars, is for the content, which is definitely more mature and arguements made that are extremely valid. Sure, I love the good old Marshall on Slim Shady LP, this lyrical wordsmith who took Rap and made it as funny as anything else. Marshall Mathers LP was awesome because it was lyrically and musically his dopest till date. This CD however, is very different to the Marshall in the previous album. And to know his new side, check out this CD, only to appreciate the growing maturity and the blossoming icon of our time that is MARSHALL.<br />   There will be songs that will make it to your 'Best of all time' list. That I can promise.
B00005JLPK|4.0|FRIDA (2002) dir. Julie Taymor.<br />This is essentially an art movie that made it to (some) mainstream theaters and got an Oscar nomination for its star, Selma Hayek. Though Hayek did not win the Oscar (it went to Nicole Kidman for Hours), her rendition of Frida Kahlo character, an early 20th century Mexican painter, was generally worth watching this movie. The kudos, though, go to Taymor, a director of both opera and film, who made this film an outstanding viewing experience-for select audiences.<br />I have to make a qualification to this praise, however.  Taymor stated in her DVD commentary that she did not want to make a film about art, but about the life of an artist-showing the creation of art in the process. But basically, this was the life of an artist that she was attempting, the inner life principally, which was expressed in the art. Thus art defines life, the individual artist's, but also life in general. It was also a movie about love, about a romance, a marriage, and, broadly again, the relation of marriage (life) to art.<br />These are large themes, and they are not necessarily the only ones that the film contains, for the film is complex and themes interrelate and cross over to others as the story progresses, covering a period of about 25 years.<br />What I believe is a flaw is the dramatic structure of the film. As Julie Taymor admits, two hours of film time cannot contain the details of a lifetime. Structurally, the film is episodic, without a discernible plot, other that the ups and down of the relationship of Frida Kahlo with her husband, the painter Diego Rivera (Alfred Molina), their struggles to remain committed to each other, despite his infidelities. The film does well to show the paradox of enduring friendship between two fellow artists of opposite sexes who happen to be married; the marriage fails, the friendship endures; it is not easy, and in the process, the life of Frida, whose physically well-being has been irreparably damaged by an early accident, is practically ruined. Her struggle is to overcome physical tragedy, a failed marriage, and an artistic career that refused to take off while she was alive (she has become famous since).<br />The film progresses along these lines, and has much to commend it: splendid period photography  (despite a limited budget), a tremendous musical score by Elliot Goldenthal, a meticulous relating of the artistic creation to the life events of the protagonist unfolding on the screen, and the sense of vibrance and passion of life-love of life despite the specter of continuous disaster.<br />Structural weakness, though, does occur, for the viewer does not know what to make of the story-is it a romance, life and art, marital discord, feminism, lesbian love,  a diatribe on sex (copulation is not much more that urinating, Diego Rivera insists, eager to rationalize his amoral dalliances), or a broad brush with political ideology? As the movie progresses beyond its middle section, Diego Rivera finds himself in New York, a Mexican communist attempting to depict Lenin on the Rockefeller Plaza; he is fired by an enraged Nelson Rockefeller (Ed Norton), and practically banished from that city. The movie plot opens in new directions, and soon Leon Trotsky (Geoffrey Rush) appears in the horizon, banished from Russia by Stalin, and taking refuge in Mexico. Things get hotter, as Trotsky and Frida embark on untimely romance. Trotsky's wife is present, and the romance of the elderly man-which might have been forgiven if platonic-reveals some lack of taste on the part of the filmmakers, for it is completely pointless and adds nothing to the mystique of the legendary fugitive from the Soviet Union, a man who clearly saw world evil figures equally divided (though different in kind) between Stalin and Hitler. The film's polemics are half-baked and not thought through, thus harming the overall artistic result. Tragic romance in one thing; delving into politics and taking no sides (was the communist Rivera a menace or not-was his art corrupt?) makes the film not ambiguous in that sense, but confused and confusing. Art relating to personal life is a well-wrought theme, and perhaps it would have sufficed. Frida's courage to endure and survive (and win) despite her handicaps-these are all well taken points.  But the politics in the story lacks clear direction-we do not know, for instance, why and how a communist artist becomes corrupt by his wrong ideology (if that is the word), or whether his ideology does not matter if he is a good artist. On the other hand, Frida's art is allowed full play, her daring innovations are given enough space and a sensitive treatment as images on the screen, and her innovativeness (Breton called her a surrealist artist) and boldness in expressing inner states in disturbing imagery-these are well made points. Though the film is not preoccupied with feminism, Frida, the character, comes through as a woman artist whose odyssey may have carved a new way for female artists but also for women in general. Bill Moyers  has called this movie heroic and said that \\"Women see in it a hero's journey.\\"  Frida Kahlo fully qualifies for such a description: She has the courage to defeat (though not entirely) physical disability, she has the courage of her convictions as an artist and never compromises, and she can stand up to the brutally a more and more famous male counterpart (Rivera), and boldly surpasses him in originality and talent. She dies as defiantly as she has lived.<br />In this sense, the film does superbly. We get a female artist's struggles with illness, bad luck, misfortune, betrayal, and rises above it all. Subtract politics, or incorporate it more organically, and you would get an overall superb movie. As it is, this movie is worth seeing.  The whole may not be perfect, but most of the parts are brilliant.he communist Rivera a menace or not-was his art corrupt?) makes the film not ambiguous in that sense, but confused and confusing. Art relating to personal life is a well-wrought theme, and perhaps it would have sufficed. Frida's courage to endure and survive (and win) despite her handicaps-these are all well taken points.  But the politics in the story lacks clear direction-we do not know, for instance, why and how a communist artist becomes corrupt by his wrong ideology (if that is the word), or whether his ideology does not matter if he is a good artist. On the other hand, Frida's art is allowed full play, her daring innovations are given enough space and a sensitive treatment as images on the screen, and her innovativeness (Breton called her a surrealist artist) and boldness in expressing inner states in disturbing imagery-these are well made points. Though the film is not preoccupied with feminism, Frida, the character, comes through as a woman artist whose odyssey may have carved a new way for female artists but also for women in general. Bill Moyers  has called this movie heroic and said that \\"Women see in it a hero's journey.\\"   Frida Kahlo fully qualifies for such a description: She has the courage to defeat (though not entirely) physical disability, she has the courage of her convictions as an artist and never compromises, and she can stand up to the brutally a more and more famous male counterpart (Rivera), and boldly surpasses him in originality and talent. She dies as defiantly as she has lived.<br />In this sense, the film does superbly. We get a female artist's struggles with illness, bad luck, misfortune, betrayal, and rises above it all. Subtract politics, or incorporate it more organically, and you would get an overall superb movie. As it is, this movie is worth seeing.  The whole may not be perfect, but most of the parts are brilliant.
B00008G9JN|5.0|I can't believe some of the negative reviews I'm seeing here for Jethro Tull's classic, &quot;Songs From The Wood.&quot; And you Tull purists call yourselves true fans? Not in my book. Now, a *sensible* Jethro Tull fan knows darn well that this 1977 release is one of the band's very best albums. Even Ian Anderson himself names it as one of his personal favorites, and why the heck not. For this album, and, inspired by his move to the English countryside in the mid-70's, Anderson came up with some wonderful Tull songs that have an earthier, folkier feel to them than previous albums, adding rustic musical elements to the band's prog-rock leanings like mandolin, whistles, glockenspiel, and bells. Not *entirely* folk, fer chrissake, just a winning, whimsical blend of upbeat, jig-inducing folk-rock. And, contrary to belief, the band still *rock* on this album. Not only does Anderson show his tremendous talents once more on songwriting, vocals, guitar &amp; flute, but Martin Barre delivers some excellent guitar licks, John Glascock's bass is commanding, John Evan &amp; David Palmer's keyboard playing sparkles, and Barriemore Barlow keeps the beat big &amp; strong. From the classic title song, to other cheerful tunes like &quot;Cup Of Wonder,&quot; &quot;Hunting Girl,&quot; &quot;Ring Out Solstice Bells,&quot; &quot;Velvet Green,&quot; and my personal fave, the exquisite &quot;The Whistler,&quot; this Tull album is a true beauty.   Listening to &quot;Songs From The Wood,&quot; you can just picture Ian &amp; the boys sawing logs, hunting game, telling stories 'round the campfire, and singing merry songs while passing the ale around. That's how *imaginative* the songs are on this album. So please ignore those annoying naysayers and enjoy Jethro Tull's &quot;Songs From The Wood,&quot; one of the band's finest works.
B00006CXXU|5.0|I hesitantly bought this CD hoping for at least 4 songs that I would like.  What I received was a goldmine of songs where each song has become a favorite to me at some point in time since I bought it.  I knew Christina had the vocal skills but wasn't really liking the whole pop teen generated music she had put out.  This CD showcases her vocal abilities and has different genres of music all on 1 CD.  I am truly glad I bought this cd and would recommend it to anybody...which is why I am writing this review.  Excellent!
B000002H6C|5.0|To this day, ...And Justice For All still gives me that tingling feeling inside because it's that good. The death of Cliff Burton to this band was a big blow, as he was a true genious at bass and like a brother to the rest of the members. As a result the band threw all their rage and grief into this album, which shows in the impressive lyrical content, which is extremely dark and reminiscent. The guitar riffs are amazing as they are explosive, loud, and dominating and James's intensity matches the music perfectly. The guitar work by Hammett couldn't flow any better and each song shows the complexity and variety he put in to this album. Most Metallica fans believe Master of Puppets is the band's best effort, which of course I agree is an amazing album which exceptional musical content, but I believe this album is deeper and more meaningful because of the loss of Burton. It allowed the band to display its fury in a constructive way, through the music, and Cliff would definitely be proud of what the boys did here. The passion is overwhelming in this album and I don't think any other metal album will ever be able to touch this one.
0783225881|5.0|This is what great movies are all about. A true American modern day American classic. From a great and original story line to a superb cast put together to bring the book \\"Shoeless Joe\\" to life on the big screen. Who doesnt wish for the basic premise of this movie of having second chances to right wrongs that occured in your lifetime. This movie touched me the first time I saw it and everytime since. Movies like this one just never get old.  <br />\\"Dad, wanna have a catch?\\"
B000001DVD|5.0|High and Dry captures the true essence and one of a kind sound of Def Leppard...just on the edge of superstardom !!  The songs are a little less radio friendly (a good thing), a little longer, a little harder....the sound of a great band hungry to make it !! This album really showcases the raw power of Steve Clark's Les Paul...the lonesome, minor power chords that he made famous and nobody was really able to copy !!  The songs on this one play like a great set in a large smokey bar venue...less glitz....more hard honest rock transitioning into what was to become Heavy Metal......not the stadium crapola that came later !!  The songs on this album stand the test of time and while you won't hear many of them played today...or see them on a greatest hits album....these were the tunes that really make Def Leppard a great band !!  Lady Strange (a glimpse of things to come...the muting of the guitar followed by clean, hard power chords), Hit and Run (a great showcase of the power of Joe Elliot), Bringing on the Heartbreak (feel that classic bending and sad sound created by the haunting master Steve Clark), and my favorite....Mirror, Mirror (you can hear shades of Pyromania in this song....the sound is strong, soulful and powerful...nobody does it like this !!!)<br />This is a great album and a must for Heavy Metal fans !!  This one is the dark horse among Def Leppard's albums and was overshadowed by their later works...but this is the real deal....the real drums, the real stripped down guitars, the hungry vocals !!  5 stars all the way !!
B00000GUZP|5.0|This is actually a very good album from 1981 during the big  Blondie heyday. While it did not have any major hits; it placed respectably on the top 40 chart &amp;  has the red-hot Chic gang (Nile Rodgers, Bernard Edwards, Tony Thompson &amp; Fonzi Thornton) working with her as musicians &amp; producers.<br />Debbie does some great vocals here; the beats are raw &amp; funky; a little rocky at times, a little wild at times (Military Rap), a little slow at times (Now I Know You're Mine ... one of the best), disco-ish (Backfired) , etc. There really is something here for all  fans of Blondie &amp; Debbie alike. Check out Oasis ... an awesome song.<br />Debbie was at a peak here (again in 1999), the results are fab. This is quite an enjoyable album. Grab it!
0451167716|2.0|I read the reviews set forth here and wonder, what would the overall slant be if this book had not been made into one of the greatest movies ever made? Certainly, the reviews would not be as favorable and, most certainly, there would not be as many reviews. Everyone wanted to read the book after they saw the movie, and did. The movie is what it is, incredible, and the book is what it is, so-so.<br />This was the first adult book that I read as a child and I loved it. I read it again only a few years ago and still enjoyed it. Mr Puzo spins a wonderful tale. The family is wonderfully defined and presented. The story is a good story, not great. Because there are no good guys in this story, the reader cheers for the Corleone family, a very bad group, that goes about doing bad things to other bad guys with a moral code that only gangsters and murderers can understand.<br />The book loses direction in Las Vagas. What ever crossed the author's mind when writing this section I will never be able to fathom. It is boring, unsexy and too long. Might have three or three and half stars if this sidetrack was ommited.<br />That being said, I thank the book Gods for publishing this. For if this had not hit the book stands, we would never had the the sensation of viewing what I belive to be two of the greatest films over made: The Godfather and The Godfather Part II. <br />So my hat is tipped in reverence to Mr. Puzo. Read the book, you will have fun with it. See the movies and you will be incredibly awed.
0783226160|5.0|The only movie I can think of that has more frequently-quoted lines it is &quot;Casablanca.&quot;  That is pretty rarified company; the two movies couldn't have less in common, but they both are consistently excellent and stand the test of time.<br />It is hard to believe that &quot;Animal House&quot; is as old as it is, and still has the devoted following it does.  I know people who have virtually memorized the entire script.<br />I don't know why anybody even bothers writing reviews of a movie like this...the movie speaks for itself.  It is excellent in all respects, and simply makes you laugh, no matter how many times you see it.
B00003CXZ1|1.0|A friend brought this movie over the other day.  Let me sum this movie up.<br />1) Angelina Jolie gets in a new outfit and slinks around to techno music for 5 minutes.<BR>2) Rinse, repeat.<br />Throw in a shower scene to distract the audience from the fact that if they cut out all of the slow motion catwalk clothes modeling the movie would be 30 minutes shorter.<br />The best part was when they do the same slow motion techno blah blah when they are showing the tomb raiding convoy drive across a frozen tundra in their jeeps.
B00005CDUE|5.0|First discovered Roxy via the opening sequences of Times Square the movie (remember?) with Same Old Scene. Became more familiar as years passed. Now I love every song on this album. Both Ends Burning is the tops! Great music from a great band ... need more be said? :)
B000093BDX|5.0|I must take issue with the reviewers who assessed demerits for this compilation because some of the songs were in mono. Stereo mixes of Mono songs are like colorized Black and White movies. The mono mixes were the product of Brian Wilson's artistic intent. Brian preferred mono for two reasons. First, he had difficulties evaluating a developing Stereo mix, as he has 9% hearing in one ear. Second, he agrees with Phil Spector that with a mono mix, the artist has greater control over the final sound delivered to the audience. With Stereo, there is no way to determine the final mix because of the various configurations of Stereo speakers.<BR>    One of the great music marketing travisties of the 70's was the advent of &quot;Mono Reprocessed For Stereo&quot; records. Even with the superb Stereo remixes Mark Linett has achieved on this record, the ultimate effect preoccupies the listener with the differences in the mixes. Don't get me wrong, the stereo mix of Pet Sounds was a revelation, and I anxiously await the release of the 6-channel mix on DVD-A. But in the face of what are probably the greatest pop compositions the US has ever produced, such concerns are a trivality not warranting a full star demerit. Do yourself a favor. Order this CD and PET SOUNDS together. It may just change your life.
B00009L1TA|3.0|Army ranger recruits go off on a training excercise with their Sargeant, and only two of them come back.  Neither of them want to talk, and a former Army Ranger (John Travolta) is called in to help figure out who killed who.  Travolta is partnered with the Army's official investigator who dislikes the idea.  They repeatedly question people, getting different stories each time, continuously getting closer to the truth.  Lots of flashbacks to accompany the testimony.  &quot;Basic&quot; IS a movie that requires the viewer to pay attention to what the characters are saying.  It is NOT an action movie, although the flashbacks of course include violent scenes.<br />Low points are an uncreative general plot (reluctant former ____ brought back in to help with ____ , YAWN) and an &quot;upside&quot; ending that makes the whole thing feel a little like a corny TV show.  On the other hand, a downer evil ending would have been cliche for this kind of mystery movie, so the choice must not have been easy.<br />High points are mostly Travolta applying various clever interrogation techniques.  He also includes his trademark wit.  Samuel L. Jackson adds a convincing tough and dislikeable Sargeant, and his typical characteristics fit well into the part.  The movie's basic framework is not terribly original, so the actual content is what makes it worth watching.  The actors are good, the characters are distinctive, and the filming is of good quality.  If you like the type of movie I described in the first paragraph, this is worth watching.  Probably not worth buying for most.
B000002LK1|5.0|Probably the best of Depeche Mode.. and let's just say that I'm one of the &quot;devoted&quot;... As already said in another review, this is now more than 10 years old but would still be able to get at the top of certain charts. I liked the planar style of Exciter, and was hardly caught by the alternative sounds of &quot;Song of Faith and Devotion&quot;, but I don't think anything from them will ever beat &quot;Violator&quot;<br />Put your headphones on, you're won't regret the first beats : &quot;World in my eyes&quot; is pounding with good but not to agressive electronic. Probably the best DM Beat I never heard.<br />It his true that there is only 9 songs.  Also that 1 or 2 of these could have been worked harder (we unfortunatly all know that 1 or 2 good ones is usually enough for Depeche Mode to sell a lot) But the others, specialy &quot;World in My eyes&quot; and Policy of Truth&quot;, are the jewels of my DM collection...
B00007KWHG|5.0|I made a review of this wonderful album before being 100% familiar with this; just being excited over the couple of songs previously named. I am not doing that this time. Every song is better than the last; for that there is no need to name individual songs. This album includes the best of the best, and the sound quality  on here is totally fabulous!<br />Naysayers may say that the Beach Boys or the Beatles were the best; while those are great  bands nobody nearly compares to the wonderful Frankie and his awesome band. Listening to this a few times over &amp; over again made me buy more Frankie!<br />I now also own the great In Seasons anthology; the terrific single-disc Anthology, the Off Seasons collection (love that as much as the biggest of hits ... check out Big Man's World &amp; Coming Up In The World) &amp; now the drumroll please  .... I managed to find a NEW (!) copy of the 25th Anniversary Collection, and found a million more reasons to fall in love with Frankie (like I needed them ... )<br />Please do a favor to yourself  &amp; buy this one first. You will discover very quickly just how wonderful the Four Seasons really are and will want to rush out to buy more fast!
0783233477|5.0|If you aren't turned off by the movies length or you you don't mind that the movie doesn't have gratuitous violence, Jackie Chan like stunts, or nude scenes for no apparant reason, you'll more than likely enjoy this movie. It has a great story that is based on an older movie called Death Takes a Vacation. Anthony Hopkins is one of the greatest actors of all time and his role as Bill Parish in this  movie only solidifies his reputation. Brad Pitt does a great job of portraying Death. You can actually picture Death (if there was such a person) behaving the way Brad Pitt did in this movie. Claire Forlani did an excellent job of portraying Susan (Bill Parish's daughter and Death's love interest). You could almost feel the love between death and her.<BR>One grip that I do have is that the DVD doesn't contain many extras. It does have an outakes section and Bios on the cast and filmmakers but no commentary or deleted scenes (although with the length of this movie maybe there were no deleted scenes). The movie itself more than makes up for this though. So if you don't mind buying a DVD that does have many extras this movie is definitely worth it.
B00005JKCH|5.0|This is the super-hero film everyone is trying to duplicate. &quot;Daredevil&quot; couldn't do it, neither could &quot;Hulk&quot;. It has something for everyone and the DVDs are LOADED with extras. See for yourself - it's money well spent.
B000000WZ4|4.0|David Gahan kind of solved his problems, and DM had finnally put together Ultra. Pretty good.  Not the best one (Violator is for me the apotheose of DM's music) but &quot;It's no Good&quot; and &quot;Barell of a Gun&quot; value the album just by themselves..
B00005JKJA|2.0|I don't like David Lynch. I do not think he is very creative. I have a fondness for books or movies that's sole purpose is to express just how imaginative or creative the artist behind them is. However, this movie, while it has its moments, is not terribly creative. Before you furiously click the &quot;not helpful&quot; button, spit on the ground, and wash out your eyes to clean them from the filth they have just read, I would like to say that I know Lynch has a message with this movie. The &quot;last thought of a dying woman,&quot; and the whole complex psychology situation with the two women equalling different parts of the same person...I've read it. I respect that it's not complete mindless self-indulgence, and that's why I've spared it the 1-star review. However, do not mistake this very mediocre film for a brillaint piece of cinema. Just because something is intentionally esoteric doesn't automatically make it something profound. Lynch took an average idea, and decorated it with as much lavish bunk as he possibly could. To me, the whole thing wasn't worth it. Overly complicated, and even more pretentious, Lynch wants the audience to leave the theater in awe, as if the film was just so genius it is above their understanding. The characters weren't very interesting (well the Cowboy, the old man in the wheel-chair, and that magician with the evil smile were all very good) on whole, and I guess that was another major issue I had with the movie.<BR>The movie isn't worth it. Lynch wants you leaving thinking it's profound, but it isn't. The acting is decent, with Naomi Watts being very good, but the woman who was actually some past Ms. America champion was awful. Everything else was pretty bad. If you want to see it because...well, because, by all means. Better to see then to not see. But it's definately not as amazing as it has been hyped up to be.<br />Now go head, click that &quot;not helpful&quot; button. I can take it.
B00003CXPJ|4.0|I love Ben Stiller. I love his show and his movies. The fact that Will Ferrel (as Mugato) was in it only made it better. I enjoyed the movie even though I thought that Ben Stiller has had better movies. (Meet the Parents comes to mind). The movie does have its moments. The scene where Derek Zoolander's (the character Ben plays) friends squirt gasoline at each other is hilarious. The brain washing scene was also one of the moments that had me holding my sides. The day spa scene where Andy Dick under some horrible make-up (you can barely tell it's him) gives Derek a massage is also one of my favorites. <BR>So why did I only give it 4 stars? Because felt that the movie could have been funnier. There were some moments that weren't as well developed as they could have been. Many scene that were intended to be in the movie were never shot because they would have gone over budget. Some scenes were cut short because of pacing problems. Also I buy DVD's instead of VHS because I want to get all the extras. The deleted and extended scenes that were inlcuded were merely alright. The outakes were awesome but the commentary sounded like it was being provided by Ben Stein instead of Ben Stiller. The commentary was monotous and did not have that excitement and energy that other movies like Scooby Doo and Jackass: The Movie provided. Overall a great DVD but not as great as it could have been.
0393057658|5.0|I won't repeat what the other reviewers stated about the book. Yes, there is some moments where the author moves away from the main premise of the book, Billy Beane and how he GMs the Oakland Athletics. <br />However, from what I learned from reading this book was that Mr. Lewis wanted us to understand that by bucking the industry, Billy Beane was able to come out on top. Baseball and other sports are often run no differently than other corporations wherein management often takes the safe route so that when later questioned for a decision they can state they followed SOP to avoid responsibility. Mr. Beane on the otherhand despite being second guessed all the way by his scouts, opposing teams and even his players had the guts to draft and trade for players that would provide the best production at a minimal cost. Often these players would never be thought of as prospects by the other teams. He also cleverly picked up players that would be free agents at the end of season that his team could never afford to resign in order to obtain draft picks for young-cheaper talent from the teams that signed these players. Others teams often trade these players on the fear they will receive nothing in return when the player leaves. Mr. Beane on the other hand enjoyed using their talents toward a second half of the season pennant drive  and when they say goodbye he has an annuity for future talent!<br />Despite the A's consistent results, at least at the time of the author's writing, only two other teams sought to mimic his approach of not just using a database of statistics with a Harvard type grad to run them but selecting the data that no one figured had any value in judging talent. In the end, Mr.Beane figured that his approach was not being recognized by baseball as having merit. In fact baseball assumed that only teams in large money making cities could succeed, ie the NY Yankees and that the Oakland team was simply an exception and not the rule. <br />After reading this book, I obtained a lesson in business and not sports that exceeds many of the better known business books that I have read. If you want to succeed, you can't accept what has been done before as a given, instead look for efficiency where no one may have tapped. Please Billy come to the Mets, we desperately need a new GM! 100 million in payroll and a last place team to show for it.
B000069AUI|2.0|This CD is remarkably similar to Parachutes in that the singles are the only good songs on it.  The second star is for &quot;Clocks&quot; and &quot;The Scientist&quot;.  It's puzzling and disappointing that a band that can deliver awesome material can also churn out unlistenable drivel.
B00006YXEK|5.0|Brainwashed is great rock composition. We can hear there some Hindus instruments. The author mix to songs situations from his life. Dhani Harrison once said: some of those songs are the best was ever written. Or: Listen to them cause they could only be good for you.<BR> Title song, Brainwashed has three parts  first consist of enumerate: Brainwashed by mobile phones, brainwashed by the satellite, brainwashed to the bone. Second part reminds confession: God, God, God, a voice cries in the wilderness, it was on the longest night.<BR>And third part is showed as Hindus prayer: Namah parvati pataye hare hare mahadeva For this all we can hear great music  electric and acoustic guitars, keyboards etc. Once of interesting songs is Pisces Fish. And most interesting words: And Ill be swimming until I can find those waters, the one unbounded ocean of bliss<BR> Some words about that bonus DVD, its awhile, like 7 minutes, talking there about Brainwashed Dhani Harrison, George Harrison and Jeff Lynne.<BR>I think, that is possible to listen of begin, to the end. In other plates come off some tracks which we dont wanna listen. Brainwashed has not only beautiful music, but its packed to really solid package  digipak*, booklet, bonus DVD about the making off that record, poster and sticker. I recommend it to everyone!<br />*above mentioned digipak, booklet etc., mean: all of those things is packed into big black box  its really excellent!
0688163173|4.0|To me, Dennis Lehane is the cream of the crop, an exciting writer who burst on the scene with a detective novel that helped turn the genre on its ear and kept rolling from there.  To anyone who hasn't devoured them yet, his Kenzie/Gennaro quintet is superb.  In fact, those books inspired me to become a writer.  (Read Gone, Baby, Gone and see why...)  His popularity climbed with each book; reading the new Lehane became the &quot;in&quot; thing to do.<br />After exhausting his series characters, he took two years and came out with one of the finest novels of the past thirty years, at least.  Mystic River is hardly a genre book.  It's literary fiction at its finest, and if Lehane wasn't already considered a mystery/crime writer, it'd be put in the same category as Richard Price or Pete Dexter.  The mystery tag didn't hurt it, though.  MR went on to earn glowing reviews and earned Lehane a reputation as a force to be reckoned with.<br />Then came Shutter Island.  If you're like me, you've been waiting two long years.  It's a quick read.  There isn't as much depth.  It's not a literary/mystery crossover or a detective novel.  It's a noirish kind of psycho-thriller set in the '50s. But that doesn't make it bad.  It's just different.  For it's kind of book, it's excellent.  Better than anything Patterson or Sanford or even Stephen King has written in a long, long time.  Okay, it's not going to win a Pulitzer prize, but Lehane knew it wasn't going to.  It was a story stuck in his head that he just had to get out.  Some people can accept this and some can't.  But remember--not everyone like Mystic River when it came out.  A lot of people were disappointed that he wrote a standalone and abandoned his detectives, but now MR is considered a modern-day classic.<br />Give Mr. Lehane a break.  He wrote an excellent thriller.  A taut, smart read that kept you turning pages.  So he didn't go for 400 pages of eloquence.  Big deal.  Get over it.  Who out there is writing anything better these days?<br />So why didn't I give him five stars if I think the world of him?  Because Shutter Island is my least favorite book by him.  Can't think of anyone else out there who I'd give four stars to for their &quot;worst&quot; book.  That, to me, is the sign of a great writer.tter these days?<br />So why didn't I give him five stars if I think the world of him?  Because Shutter Island is my least favorite book by him.  Can't think of anyone else out there who I'd give four stars to for their &quot;worst&quot; book.  That, to me, is the sign of a great writer.
B00005JM09|4.0|Possibly Arnold's best movie since... well, T2, T3 is perhaps weighed down by the extraordinary levels of excellence established by it's predecessors.  As a stand-alone action flick, it delivers in spades but, sadly though somewhat predictably, it pales in comparison to its prequels.<br />The narrative is surprisingly taut and on the whole, bar a few lapses, well-told with even some sharp plot twists thrown in for good measure.   A glaring and significant omission from this latest sequel is Brad Fiedel's familiar Terminator theme tune, the inclusion of which I am absolutely certain would increase the success of the movie enormously.  Without the theme resonating through the action sequences, the movie certainly feels lacking.  In truth, I do not recall a theme at all in T3, so passive and understated was the film's score.<br />However, Arnold was at back at his best in T3 - re-enacting his role as easily and smoothly as if T2 was released last year.  The new Terminatrix was satisfactory, though never truly captivating nor menacing.  The support provided by Nick Stahl and Claire Danes was also passable, though it must be highlighted that Stahl makes for a much more believable John Connor than Edward Furlong ever could.<br />So, in conclusion, Terminator fans will be pleased by the storyline and performances of the leads.  They may also enjoy the action sequences which are par for the course for the trilogy.  However, the continuation of the saga has been made hollow due to the omission of the old Terminator theme tune which provided the previous movies with just the right tempo, while enabling the audience to cheer for the heroes.  Nonetheless, I do recommend the movie, as I had expected it to be much, much worse.
B00006YXEK|5.0|Brainwashed is great rock composition. We can hear there some Hindus instruments. The author mix to songs situations from his life. Dhani Harrison once said: `some of those songs are the best was ever written.' Or: `Listen to them `cause they could only be good for you.'<BR> Title song, Brainwashed has three parts - first consist of enumerate: `Brainwashed by mobile phones, brainwashed by the satellite, brainwashed to the bone'. Second part reminds confession: `God, God, God, a voice cries in the wilderness, it was on the longest night'.<BR>And third part is showed as Hindus prayer: `Namah parvati pataye hare hare mahadeva...' For this all we can hear great music - electric and acoustic guitars, keyboards etc. Once of interesting songs is Pisces Fish. And most interesting words: `And I'll be swimming until I can find those waters, the one unbounded ocean of bliss'<BR> I think, that is possible to listen of begin, to the end. In other plates come off some tracks which we don't wanna listen. Brainwashed has not only beautiful music, but it's packed to really solid package - digipak*, booklet, bonus DVD about the making off that record, poster and sticker. I recommend it to everyone!<br />*above mentioned digipak, booklet etc., mean: all of those things is packed into big black box - it's really excellent!
B000063UR2|5.0|I love the extras, I tried to watch the euro version, but I guess I am the classic american they talked about. Having to change and change just to get people to appeal to it. Either or, it's a great movie for anyone who still believes in magic, unicorns, good, and evil. I give it 5 stars.
B00003BDXG|4.0|After seeing the reviews Natural Born Killers received from many critics, I was more or less dissuaded to watch it, but I gave it a shot anyway and could not understand why the movie received such horrible reviews.  <br />Natural Born Killers is about two bloodthirsty young lovers who go on a 3 week rampage all over the country, making them instant celebrities.  These two mass murderers, Mickey and Mallory, are completely dillusional and desensitized from all of the violence they have witnessed on T.V. their entire lives.  <br />The movie is directed by Oliver Stone, who stylizes the movie from Mickey and Mallory's point of view.  The flashback to when Mickey and Mallory met is represented as a cheesy sitcom, even when Mallory's father, played by Rodney Dangerfield, talks of raping his daughter, the canned audience laughter in the background illustrates how Mickey and Mallory picture every aspect of their lives.  <br />Much like the horror novel, Frankenstein, Natural Born Killers is about the creation of a monster, two monsters actually, except their creator is not a doctor, but the media and T.V., which is represented by Robert Downey Jr., who gives a brilliant performance as a news anchorman who only cares about himself.<br />Natural Born Killers is not a light movie to watch, much like A Clockwork Orange, the beginning is all about random violence and mayhem.  The main reason this movie received bad reviews was because many critics thought it glorified murder; Natural Born Killers is not a mindless movie meant to make homicide seem \\"cool\\", it is meant to open everyone's eyes to the eventual outcome of showing too much violence on T.V.
B000092ZYX|5.0|The urge to dissect this album sound by sound, word by word, is very strong. And, really, how many albums can you say that about? Now obviously this is probably not the place to start. Unless of course you like glitchy techno and detached British mope-rock. When I say Mope-rock, I mean it in the best possible way. This is not some sort of adolescent depression but a nice rich dissaffectation. Thom and co are not simply feeling sorry for themselves. Instead what we have here is a sense of how much of life is made of missed connections, indifference, and social discomfort. Obviously not the stuff of fist pumping rock.    But by now I do not expect Radiohead to do that any more than I expect them to reprise their early sound. (And thank god for that! Am I the only one who didn't really care much for the band before OK Computer?) This band is continuing to move forward. By combining a bit more traditional structure with their Kid A experimentalism, they have given themselves a way out of the conceptual corner to a more balanced sound.     Like Amnesiac, this feels more like a collection of short stories than a single sustained work. This is OK by me since I wouldn't want them to fall into some sort of double concept album hell. This said, the songs do add up to an accumulative effect which will be appreciated by folks who like albums rather than songs. Still if you listen to Hail enough, every song has its moment as THE song. That 3 to 5 minute slice of catharsis that just seems to sync up with your life perfectly.(Hence there is no highlight list here. It changes every time I hear it!)    Hail is not going to win them any new fans but that doesn't seem like a big tragedy. The world they construct is so insular that it is simply not for mass consumption. And for this reason I think that is why the band is so popular. By focusing on what they want, they allow the listener to do the same. The songs mean what you want them to and they are all written just for you. Simply,this is where 21st century rock should be - Contradictory, ambitious, and engaging.
015626224X|1.0|Something my fellow reviewers do NOT seem to have noticed is that this is a work of FICTION. Look for the word on the binding of your copy of the book.  I have no doubt that Eric Blair, who changed his name to George Orwell when he wrote this book in order not to be discovered by his parents and friends, did have some brushes with the sort of life he describes.  But how much of this are we to believe actually happened?<br />The problem with Mr. Blair's work is that it is tendentious.  There are any number of novels out there that include heart-rending accounts of the life of the poor during this era, try Somerset Maugham's Of Human bondage, for instance.  But the polemic chapters at the end on word usage and societal change reveal the raison d'etre for this book.  I wish Mr. Blair could have written a straightforward essay instead of this not very gripping account of slumming it around Dickens' two cities.  In doing so, he exhibits the trait that he censures other writers for so severely in his later years, pretentious rot.
B00005JLKB|4.0|In short, the first season of \\"Smallville\\" was a pleasure to watch.  While there were a few glicthes with storylines and acting (two of the lead actors were acting neophytes), they smoothed themselves out by the middle of the season to create an entertaining show that had us pulling not only for the future Man of Steel, but for his future nemesis as well, Lex Luthor.  Smallville, and Micheal Rosenbaum, manage to create a sympathetic Lex that makes the audience cheer for their friendship, knowing that it will tragically end in the future.  The greatest part about Season One of Smallville is that it leaves the audience stumped as to how these two friends can ever become enemies...the chmestry between Rosembaum and Tom Welling, who plays Clark Kent, is wonderful and sweet.<br />Welling also has mucho on-screen chemestry with his best gal-pal and Lois Lane prototype Chloe Sullivan, played by Allison Mack, who is so adorable and funny and snarky you just want to hug her.  You can see quite clearly here why Clark and Lois will become such great partners in the future: Clark had Chloe's influence (she is obviously the reason he gets into jounalism and will work for the Daily Planet).  The DVD will be worth buying simply for their scenes together. <br />The only weak part of the show is Kristen Kruek and her character, Lana Lang.  Welling and Kruek have ZERO chemestry together...their scenes are often painful to watch.  Kruek is clearly the weak acting link on the show, phoning in plastic performances of a character that the writers haven't fleshed out very well.  Lana is, in a word, BORING: she sort of just exists on the show as an object of desire and does very little to further any of the plotlines along.  For a storyline that is so prominent on Smallville, the Clark loves Lana thing doesn't work well at all, and it's a serious black mark on the show.<br />Other high points: John Schneider and Annette O'Toole as Jonathan and Martha Kent are wonderful, as is John Glover as Lionel Luthor, Lex's devious father.  The Lex and Lionel scenes are WONDERFUL...you can see that Lex will clearly become his father later in life.<br />All in all, a fun show to watch, whether you follow the Superman comics or not.
0316666343|4.0|The Lovely Bones is actuall a good story.  Yes, it is a bit graphic in the beginning.  However, I have been thinking about the novel since I read it in December 2002. The main theme seems to be that both heaven and earth have their beauty.  In heaven, the beauty expands as you go on.  On earth, things can get ugly.  &quot;Susie&quot; is in heaven watching down on her family.  The story concentrates on how a family moves on, how friends move on when someone they love dies.  The book was, I thought, lovely, because instead of concentrating on the actual death of Susie, it was more focused on the beauty of her afterlife and how she watches over them.  She looks down at her sister: &quot;Lindsey's face flushed mine flushed up in heaven...it was glorious.  I was almost alive again.&quot;  And Susie sort of is more alive than some of the people who are actually on earth, the people who go through the motions, who cannot live and move on with their lives when tragedy strikes.  The book creates a revelation that maybe, just maybe, there will be an afterlife as beautiful as Susie's heaven.  Just as lovely.
B00005JLKB|4.0|In short, the first season of \\"Smallville\\" was a pleasure to watch.  While there were a few glicthes with storylines and acting (two of the lead actors were acting neophytes), they smoothed themselves out by the middle of the season to create an entertaining show that had us pulling not only for the future Man of Steel, but for his future nemesis as well, Lex Luthor.  Smallville, and Micheal Rosenbaum, manage to create a sympathetic Lex that makes the audience cheer for their friendship, knowing that it will tragically end in the future.  The greatest part about Season One of Smallville is that it leaves the audience stumped as to how these two friends can ever become enemies...the chmestry between Rosembaum and Tom Welling, who plays Clark Kent, is wonderful and sweet.<br />Welling also has mucho on-screen chemestry with his best gal-pal and Lois Lane prototype Chloe Sullivan, played by Allison Mack, who is so adorable and funny and snarky you just want to hug her.  You can see quite clearly here why Clark and Lois will become such great partners in the future: Clark had Chloe's influence (she is obviously the reason he gets into jounalism and will work for the Daily Planet).  The DVD will be worth buying simply for their scenes together. <br />The only weak part of the show is Kristen Kruek and her character, Lana Lang.  Welling and Kruek have ZERO chemestry together...their scenes are often painful to watch.  Kruek is clearly the weak acting link on the show, phoning in plastic performances of a character that the writers haven't fleshed out very well.  Lana is, in a word, BORING: she sort of just exists on the show as an object of desire and does very little to further any of the plotlines along.  For a storyline that is so prominent on Smallville, the Clark loves Lana thing doesn't work well at all, and it's a serious black mark on the show.<br />Other high points: John Schneider and Annette O'Toole as Jonathan and Martha Kent are wonderful, as is John Glover as Lionel Luthor, Lex's devious father.  The Lex and Lionel scenes are WONDERFUL...you can see that Lex will clearly become his father later in life.<br />All in all, a fun show to watch, whether you follow the Superman comics or not.
1573228737|4.0|In a novel whose plot revolves around a spisterish lady in 19th century England who visits prisoners at the goal (prison), Waters shines as an author. Margaret Prior visits those lonely souls at the gaol in Victorian England where she meets Selina Dawes, a self-professed medium/spiritualist in prison for doing harm to a young girl and causing the death of her hostess. Reading this book I wondered to myself if Sarah Waters hadn't perhaps been in communication or channeling the spirits of Anne Radcliffe and/or Jane Austin as she was writing. Affintity is a sensous novel delicately written in a hybrid of gothic and Victorian styles with the sensibility of the 21st century. Waters' writing style is beautiful, her prose luminescent and descriptive without being overly descriptive as to take away from the plot. This novel is creepy, with high tension without being melodramatic or artificial. In short I happily recommend this novel to readers no matter what their tastes normally run to, it is suitable and appealing on many levels, to an eclectic audience. So if you're looking for a good Victorian novel but have read all the Bronte Sisters' and Austin's not to mention many other fine female novelists of the period go read AFFINITY.
B00005JLPK|5.0|This is probably 1 of the best films I have seen to date. I unfortunately did not see it in the theatres and had to rent it. I had never even heard of this movie before I read the reviews about it.... It is beautifully acted, amazingly directed and the music is fantastic....Everyone who loves film will love this movie!
B00005YTN5|5.0|This album is great. Lou Reed's vocals and guitar playing is top notch. John Cale's viola and bass add something extra and unique. Moe Tucker's uncanny drumming skills are great. Sterling Morrison's lead guitar is excellent. This album is an essential recording of '60s rock 'n' roll. Granted the stereo and mono versions may be a bit much for just a casual fan but some songs just sound better mono and some sound better stereo. Also the addition of the Nico tracks are a plus. If you like The Who, The Rollings Stones, or The Kinks do yourself a favor and check this out.
B000099T2L|4.0|Beyonce's album `Dangerously In Love' is a good debut but it is only lukewarm compared to Monica's and Ashanti's albums.  By all means it is not a bad album it just doesn't have the `ooommph' those two albums had.  The album does contain some great songs though.  The single, Crazy In Love, grew on me substantially though.  I didn't like the song too much when it dropped...but now I'm killing that thang constantly.  Great song.  \\"Hip Hop Star\\" has that Dungeon Family sound and that's always good.  Big Boi kills it and Sleepy comes through on the singing.  Funky.  `Be With You' has Adina Howard's `Freak Like Me' melody for the chorus and it works beautifully.  `Me Myself and I' is a nice midtempo groove and the song `Yes' is relaxing.  \\"Signs'' is a weak cut about  Zodiac signs...definitely not as good as Tyrese's `Signs Of Love Making'.  However, `Speechless' is a beautiful song as is the Luther Vandross collaboration `Closer I Get To You'.  The rest of the tracks, in my opinion, are pretty much filler songs.<br />Beyonce's album falls short of the aforementioned classic albums that just happen to drop near the same time hers has dropped.  Even though it has raced up the charts, the album is not better than those two and it will get overshadowed come end of the year.  But keep in mind this is only her debut solo album and she has time to mature just as the other ladies did.   Beyonce' has great things ahead of her if she keeps her work ethic and determination flowing.  Recommended.
B000002JSP|4.0|This Album has its moments, like In the Evening.  I like this better than Physical Graffiti.  If Your Just Getting into Zeppelin buy II or IV, and save this for later.
B00005JLRT|5.0|a lot of people don't like this movie. im a big star trek fan and more so with TNG. this movie is just as good as first contact. its nothing like wrath of khan and plus wrath of khan is one of the worst original star trek movies out there. it's not good. but nemesis is good. i was quite sad though when data died because he's the best character i think. nemesis is very dark. the movie has lots of action and is a very good ending to the TNG finale. LIVE ON PICARD AND ILL MISS YOU DATA
B00008PX8P|5.0|This DVD is insanely good My fanefote part is the Knebworth section.  Mainly because of Achillies Last Stand, but the rest of the DVD is still extreamly good.  It chronicles Led Zeppelin through ten years of their career.  Every song is worth watching.  I purchaced it in May, and still watch it at least once a week in July.<br />Highlights:<BR>Disk 1<BR>-We're Gonna Groove<BR>-White Summer<BR>-Moby Dick<BR>-Whole Lotta Love<BR>Disk 2<BR>-Since I've Been Loving You<BR>-Earls Court (Acustic stuff)<BR>-Achillies Last Stand<BR>-Kashmir<BR>-Whole Lotta Love<br />It's interesting to see how Led Zeppelin evolved throutht the years, and you can see it best with the two versions of Whole lotta Love.  this DVD is worth Buying, and it's a deal with over 5 hours of footage
B0000024K1|5.0|What is wrong with these people who gave this ablum 1-4 stars? This CD DERSERVES 5 stars. After going through my collection looking for the Doggstyle, I found the once thought lost, It Takes A Nation Of Millions To Hold Us Back. I put it in my CD players and was blasted with powerful lyrics and great Bomb Squad beats. Chuck D has intelligent and complex lyrics making most rappers today looking like cavemen. Bring The Noise, Don't Believe The Hype, and She Watch Channel Zero are my favorite songs on this track though I can listen to this CD over and over again without skipping a track. Flavor Flav's jestering solo rhymes on Cold Lampin With Flavor, add more Flavor to the CD. Black Stell In The Hour Of Chaos is the the best song(lyrically)I have ever heard:<br />I got a letter from the government<BR>The other day<BR>I opened and read it<BR>It said they were suckas<BR>They wanted me in their army or whatever<BR>Picture me givin a damn-I said never<BR>Here is a land that never gave a damn<BR>About a brother like me and myself<BR>Because they never did<BR>I wasn't wit' it, but just that very minute<BR>It occured to me<BR>The suckas had authority<BR>Cold sweatin as I dwell in my cell<BR>How long has it been?<BR>They got me sittin' in the state pen<br />Master P, Big Tymers,(etc.) need to take some notes and stop being fakes.This is not overrated and will never be dated because over 15 years its still blowing people away. Get this ablum and be amazed.
B00003CXXO|4.0|Artificial Intelligence is a great science-fiction movie.<BR>The actors act well. <BR>The movie is really realistic.<BR>Maybe the future would be like this? , there are still existential questions about his programming and whether the conclusion is a realization of the human condition, despite being a fabrication.<BR>It's never boring but it's sometimes confusing.<BR>The film not only documents the clash between man/machine, but the clash between Spielberg's and Kubrick's ideologies is also evident. <BR>The running theme with Spielberg is that, though flawed, humans are basically decent. Kubrick, as shown in his past films: 2001, Clockwork Orange and Full Metal Jacket, forces the viewer to deal with the darker side of humanity. Human beings are not inherently evil, but are more than capable of acting without regard for their fellow man.<BR>Watch it!
6300215512|5.0|I just viewed this gem after many years, and I was captivated by the brilliant performances of Swanson and Holden: truly inspired!<br />It is quite amusing to think that both Mary Pickford and Mae West(!) were both originally sought to play the key role of Norma Desmond: the role seems to belong entirely to La Swanson. She's perfection personified in the part, giving her role much more dimension than I remembered priorly. Her fascinating voice and face make the film work when combined with Holden's repulsion at having to play gigolo to such a woman.<br />Holden's voice is music to the ears, and his playing is quite excellent: a finely etched study of a desperate young man caught in circumstances which simultaneously both benefit and disgust him, ironically. <br />As the normal girl who falls for Joe, Nancy Olson is an adequate 1950 All-American twenty-something gal and as Joe's true blue pal, Jack Webb can be seen in a very untypical performance.<br />And that brings us to Von Stroheim: his performance is rather kind and heartfelt - you feel a strange mixture of pity and anger for his character, who, in its own way, is just as pathethic as Ms Desmond herself. <br />A Hollywood satire on Hollywood. And a classic black comedy to boot!<br />P.S. As a footnote, the egotistical & definitely eccentric silent star, Mae Murray made a classic one-liner after seeing this film: \\"None of us floozies was ever THAT nuts\\"!
B000066AXC|5.0|A beautiful mind is a great film about noble price winner John Nash.<BR>We can the schizophrenia disease too, It's a very strange disease.<BR>It explain us the life of the people who have this disease.<BR>Russell Crowe is more than good in the role of John Nash, he is truly outstanding. As I compare his performance in &quot;Gladiator&quot; to his performance in this movie, which stretches his abilities significantly in areas that &quot;Gladiator&quot; merely explored, I have come to realize that Russell Crowe is a one of the great actors of our time. Perhaps schizophrenia is not as seamless as portrayed in the movie, but with 120 minutes to work with, I was thoroughly convinced.<br />It wasn't just the story, which is, in itself, awe-inspiring. It was how that story was told and the message it proclaimed loud and clear that made it a winner. The audience was pulled right into John Nash's mind. We saw and felt his delusions. We thought they were real. And we were right there with him as he gradually came to realize that they were just a product of his mind. Then, as story developed, we learned a valuable lesson, one that relates to all of us whether we admit it or not. If it is possible for Mr. Nash to live with his demons and go on and make a valuable contribution to society, then all of us can learn to live with ours.<BR>So I very enjoyed it.
031286504X|3.0|All I heard about was what a great vampire book this was, and while it wasn't terrible and was certainly well written, it lacked the oomph that todays vampire novels have. If you want to read about vampires I recommend the the truely poetic and literary writings of Anne Rice her Vampire Chronicals series, it leaves this one in the dust. All the Lestat book are great, but skip, Pandora, Blood and Gold and Armand and pick up again with Merrick and Blackwood Farms the latter is in my opinion her best novel yet! Also, Laurell K. Hamilton's Anita Baker Vampire hunter is a great series,  although not as literary.
B00005RYKU|5.0|The glass house is a great suspense story and it's very entertaining .<BR>You never get bored. The actors act very well too, particularly Trevor Morgan.<BR>The story: 16 year old Ruby and her 11 year old brother (Rett)'s parents die in a  car accident after going out to a restaurant. Their parents long time friends, Mr. and Mrs. Glass, take the children in as their own and become their legal guardians.<BR> The Glass's house and the Glass's themselves seem great at first glance, but suddenly strange occurrences begin to happen and Ruby begins to uncover the horrible truth behind the Glasses and the deaths of her parents. <BR>The truth lies deep in the glass house.<BR>If you're looking for a good chill watch this movie, I highly recommended it.
B00005JM09|2.0|It's amazing how  the basic Terminator storyline can still generate some dramatic tension almost 20 years since its introduction. I sat there in the theater noticing the  similiarities in all three movies: the arrival of the two warriors, one sent to kill, the other sent to protect (this time I noticed they arrived in large disco balls), and then the introduction of the character who's at the center of all the fuss. The tension mounts as they both hunt for John Connor simultaneously, culminating in the initial action scene. It's almost predictable what will happen, but I was still engaged even though I had seen this setup twice before.  I guess it shows how well done the original story was for a sci-fi action movie. <br />And the  initial action  sequence was incredible. Part of me was enthralled; the other part of me was wondering how the city of L.A. let the producers of the film destroy so much stuff. A lot of it looked like it was filmed on location. This chase scene was equal to (or better than?) the one in The Matrix Reloaded mostly because of the sheer destruction, and the concept of the Terminatrix controlling multiple vehicles.  But I wasn't as impressed with this new Terminator; it was like a cross between the T-1000 and Inspector Gadget. It had a \\"been there, done that\\" feel  to the special effects. I also liked Robert Patrick's portrayal of the T-1000 better. He almost seemed like an animal, hunting and sensing his environment, where Kristana Loken's Terminatrix came off like a pissed-off smug model at a nightclub.<br />Then the plot contrivances kicked in and I began to wince. I was wondering how they were going to justify the arrival of the Terminatrix since T2 ended with such a strong sense of finality. They destroyed Cyberdine systems and skynet before its inception and stopped the nuclear war! Where could you go from there? Arnold saying, \\"you didn't stop it, you merely postponed it\\" wasn't satisfying enough. They never showed how they continued thework of Cyberdine. Skynet was just up and running at the beginning of this movie. And the fact that Skynet sent yet another Terminator, which was even better than the T-1000, was wholly unoriginal. How did it find the time to create and send those new Terminators even though it was basically defeated?<br />But that really isn't my main gripe. My main gripe is that it didn't have James Cameron's touch for action movie storytelling. James Cameron is one of the best action movie writer/directors not because he could blow stuff up, but because he was able to write in just enough back story and characterization so when the action occurred, it was more dramatic. The characters of Ripley from Aliens and Sarah Connor from T2 were fleshed out so there was an emotional attachment for the audience. The introduction of John Connor's wife was interesting, but in the end she seemed like another doe-eyed person thrown into the action. The running times of both T2 and Aliens were over 2 hours and 20 minutes because James Cameron gave enough time to set up dramatic action and create strong characterization (well good enough for an action movie). T3 had a running time of approximately 1 hour and 50 minutes. <br />Maybe the producers of T3 thought the only thing needed for a Terminator movie was a recycling of the basic plot and throw in more advanced special effects. But T2 and the original also carried some emotional resonance as well. Therefore when this movie ended I was able to get up quickly and head out to the shopping mall.
B00005YW4H|5.0|If you like jazz, you will like this CD. If you appreciate different kinds of music you will like this CD. This CD is very mellow and slow. It is almost sleepy. Enjoy this CD.
B00000K44W|5.0|This record shows a mature Jethro Tull, free from syndrome of suffering pop stars and anti-Christian frills. It is a well-blended folk-prog-rock record. This is the best (technically) formation of the band and the arrangements are intricate and delicate, but still easy-listenable for the majority of pop-minded population. The electric part of the songs blends well with the acoustic one (probably thanks to David Palmer.)<br />After reading several reviews of Jethro Tull records at Amazon.com, I noticed that there are many people feeling quite disappointed after buying their records. If you never heard them before be aware that Jethro Tull is a progressive rock band, consequently, to fully enjoy their music, it is recommended to have an IQ above the average.
B000002JS8|5.0|IT HAS ALWAYS BEEN TOUGH TO PICK THE BEST AC/DC ALBUM WHEN YOU COMPARE THEIR TWO GREATEST MASTERPIECES...HIGHWAY TO HELL AND BACK IN BLACK. THROUGH OUT THE YEARS, I HAVE WAFFLED BACK AND FORTH BETWEEN THE TWO AND COULD NEVER DECIDE ON A CLEAR CUT WINNER.<BR>I DID A TEST THE OTHER DAY AS I WAS WORKING AROUND THE HOUSE AND PUT ON BOTH CDS IN SUCCESSION AND TRIED TO ONCE AGAIN SOLVE THIS LINGERING PROBLEM.<BR>WELL, I AM GOING TO FINALLY PICK A WINNER AND STICK WITH IT...THOUGH I WOULD BRING BACK IN BLACK ON A DESERT ISLAND WITH ME IF I WAS TO BE THERE FOR 5 YEARS, I RATE HIGHWAY TO HELL AS THEIR BEST ALBUM....<BR>WHY?<BR>I FIND THAT IT IS THE MOST ROCKING OF THE TWO ALBUMS AND THE ONE THAT GETS THE BLOOD FLOWING THE MOST. WHETHER I AM GOING TO THE GYM OR WORKING AROUND THE HOUSE OR DRIVING HOME, I NEED TO MOVE TO THE GROOVE AND &quot;HIGHWAY&quot; DOES IT FOR ME. PLUS, I HAVE ALWAYS LIKED BON SCOTT MORE THAN BRIAN JOHNSON.<BR>I LIKE EVERY SONG ON &quot;HIGHWAY&quot; COMPARED TO ALL BUT ONE ON &quot;BACK&quot;. &quot;BACK&quot; HAS TO BE ON THE ISLAND WITH ME SIMPLY FOR THREE SONGS THAT I COULDN'T LIVE WITHOUT...HELLS BELLS, BACK IN BLACK AND GIVEN THE DOG A BONE (MY PERSONAL FAVORITES)<BR>BUT, HIGHWAY HAS THE BETTER OVER-ALL SONG SELECTIONS..GIRLS GOT RHYTHYM, NIGHT PROWLER, IF YOU WANT BLOOD, TOUCH TO MUCH ETC. <BR>I GUESS, I SHOULD THROW OUT ONE OF MY OTHER ALBUMS FOR MY DESERT ISLAND DISCS AND INCLUDE &quot;HIGHWAY&quot; AS WELL..IT IS JUST TOO GOOD TO EXCLUDE!<BR>BUY THE ALBUM IF YOU HAVEN'T DONE SO THUS FAR AND ROCK ON<br />BY THE WAY, I RATE HIGH VOLTAGE, THE RAZORS EDGE, FOR THOSE ABOUT TO ROCK AND STIFF UPPER LIP AS THEIR NEXT BEST ALBUMS IN CASE ANYBODY IS CURIOUS<BR>THEIR WORST...FLY ON THE WALL..NO DOUBT ABOUT IT
B00004TDTO|5.0|This blockbuster movie definitely deserves a five star.  I liked its originality and the way the movie created an impact to water particularly swimming in beaches.  I also have to add the fact that this movie was made in the 70s and back then, there were no extraordinary special effects made possible in movies right now.<br />     The score made upon the shark's approach was great in keeping the mood creepy and haunting.  Overall, this is one of the most original movies of all time and any other shark movies will never compare to the wonder that is Jaws.
B00005JKN9|2.0|Daniel Day Lewis is the best thing going for this oddball film.  Beyond his performance I didn't find much to like about the story or even the overblown \\"historic\\" look of the film.  The scenes involving troops during the riots look stilted and unauthentic; a far cry from other films that portray the Civil War period.  Scorsese is a complete failure at combat scenes.  The love story between DiCaprio's and Diaz's characters are woefully predictable and downright silly.   Leaving her on the cutting room floor would have greatly improved the film.  Let's face it; Scorsese is way past his prime.  Time to retire, Marty.
B000089RVX|5.0|Truly A Five Star Gem! It's been a very long time since I've liked every song on an entire album. For what it's worth this is coming from a 47 yr. old child of the 70's raised on Led Zeppelin.
B00008J4P5|4.0|I heard the &quot;buzz&quot; about this band and bought this CD based on that. This is one album that really &quot;grows&quot; on you. Great diversity. It's got hard driving rock like Black Sabbath, great blues and riffs like Zeppelin, nice melodies like the Beatles and some astounding vocals and tunes ala U2. This is one band I know I will buy more of. Very impressive after a few listens.
B00004TRD8|4.0|This is a message to overkill and everyone who has the T2 extreme edition DVD, if you want to get the theatrical version you have to highlight the sensory control entry at the main menu and press right on your remote five (5) times which will cause the words \\"The Future Is Not Set\\", press right once (1) more to highlight it and press enter, the special edition on the menu will morph into the theatrical version and the removal of the extra scenes will be seamless. this I have heard from other internet sites and I will only know if this is in fact true once I recieve my T2 extreme dvd from amazon.com and try it myself.
B000003TA4|5.0|i enjoy the spring breeze and cheese on a hot day.  Nirvana sounds good on a fly.  They taste like martinis on wednesday, and brussel sprouts in febuary.buy this cd at least 20 timees, before my dog eats it.
B0000640S2|3.0|the previous DVD of Rambo III is better than this version because, it had more special features minus the Afganistan feature and the subtitle translations of the russian when they are speaking russian are gone so you have no clue what they are saying but since the previous version of Rambo III is out of stock, you have no choice but to get this crapy \\"Special Edition\\".
0060194995|5.0|After watching the AFI's \\"Heros & Villians In movies\\" countdown, and seeing Atticus Finch beat out all movie heros, I had to read this again.  I highly recommend this as a purchase.<br />Atticus Finch is the open minded lawyer and father to Jem, who is thirteen yrs. old, and Jean Louise, or 'Scout', who is 9.<br />Harper lee's story of the southern family and the southern ways of the 1960's is fantastically well written and to this day, in July 2003, still holds up amazingly well.  She can really tell a story!  While the \\"ways\\" of the townsfolk is to totally cast out other races and look down on them, Atticus and his bright children have open arms and open minds. This especially happens when Atticus, a defense attorney, is standing up for Tom Robinson, a black man accused of raping a white woman.<br />While there is much sadness throughout, the novel as a whole is just so brightly written.  Narrated by our little friend, Scout and seen all through her eyes, we get to know her and her family and about justice.<br />I was sucked in to the world of Scout's, and was utterly blown away by all that took place.  \\"To Kill a Mockingbird\\" is a true classic. It's written for everyone and it's an awesome story told. Thank you to Harper Lee for creating this masterpiece!
B00003CWTI|5.0|This is the second movie of Mr. Anderson's that I have watched. The first was the phenomenal \\"Boogie Nights.\\"<br />\\"Magnolia\\" is just as awesome an chievement as \\"Boogie Nights.\\" The fact that is deals more intimately with familial relationships makes it, in that respect, a bit more difficult to watch than \\"Boogie Nights.\\"<br />The movie follows certain residents of the San Fernando Valley in a day. To say that they are in the midst of a storm is a masterpiece of understatment. The cast, many of whom were in \\"Boogie Nights\\" is again positively first-rate. And as in \\"Boogie Night\\" there is no real or structured \\"plot\\" but more imprtantly an observation of human reactions to various intimate stimuli as well as the culmination of those responses. The calming influence in the midst of all the turbulence is John C. Reily as a police officer who is lonely and in need of someone to love, so much so, that we become appalled at the fact, that his need of love is so strong as to cause him to make a monumentally horrible choice.<br />Each relationship depicted has its own fabric that leaves much to be desired. If you are in to character study, this is indeed an excellent vehicle.<br />The cast, again, is positvely fabulous. We have Jason Robards, Julianne Moore, William H. Macy, and last but not least, Tom Cruise who, generally is not one of my favorites, but his performance, actually mirrors the intensity of Mark Wahlberg's in \\"Boogie Nights.\\" Tom's performance here is riveting.<br />The movie culminates in one of the weirdest and disturbing climaxes I've seen in quite a while. This is one of those movies where, if you smoke, you will certainly need a cigarette afterwards, as it is emotionally taxing, but no less entertaining, thought-provoking, and ultimately worthy to be included in any movie collection.
B00005YBEN|4.0|Upon hearing he was touring again, I felt the sudden need to listen to one of his albums, but all I could conjure up was the beaten on copy of &quot;Charmed Life&quot;.  It's a very good mix of ballad and fiercely pumping arm tunes.<br />While listening to this disc, I was flashng back to &quot;rebel Yell&quot;, and &quot;whiplash smile&quot;, and the Billy Idol I saw live in concert about five times.  Even into the 90's, Billy was still pumping out some great tunes. His cover of &quot;LA Woman&quot;, paid homage to Jim Morrison, and he added his own flavor to it.  &quot;Cradle of Love&quot; is the first single, and I remember quite vividly that around the time of this album's original release, Billy Idol had a major accident on his motorcycle and with his broken leg, he made the video for &quot;Cradle of Love&quot;.<br />I still love his music now, after all these years.  &quot;Charmed Life&quot; is a slightly more mature Billy Idol, who is still pumping that fist furiously.
B00006L7XQ|5.0|Johnny Cash has long been, an continues to be, a true symbol of everything that is good and true about American music.  He writes or performs songs in a way that can seem so comfortably familiar, yet so individual, that he touches listeners of all musical genres who have travelled around or lived in our unique country.  This album just serves to reinforce what is already a remarkable career of an amazing musician.  Johnny Cash speaks to us in this album because he's a real man who has faced real demons and lived to speak about them.  I always feel like I'm just listening to a great storyteller when he sings.  This album is beautiful, heartbreaking, and enlightening.  I would recommend it to anyone in need of a refreshing alternative to a lot of the crap out there in the music industry, or to anyone who wants to get that great familiar feeling that only listening to a true American legend can bring...
0060925000|5.0|I picked up this 1300+ page book with a little trepidation, thinking there was no way I would get halfway through the book and still be interested in the story, but I was wrong! As I got farther into the book, the story got even better!<br />Vikram Seth takes us into the time of post-partition India. The country has just been split into two, and all of the characters in the book are dealing with the aftermath as they struggle to go on with their lives. I do not mean to imply that the book is depressing - there are a few sad situations, but it was written in a far different vein from Rohinton Mistry's A Fine Balance.<br />We are immediately introduced to the Mehras, the Kapoors, the Khans, the Tandons, and the Chatterjis. The daughter in the Mehra family is marrying the eldest son in another family, and his sister is married to the son of another family, and so on. During the wedding, the topic of Lata Mehra and finding a suitable boy is brought up, and the story progresses from there.<br />Along the way we met a whole host of characters - Kabir, the charming cricketeer, Malati, the wild best friend, Maan, the wild brother-in-law's brother, just to name a few. You will love reading about the comically caricatured Chatterjis, who tend to speak in rhyme. I could almost imagine this family as the star of an Indian sitcom (with English subtitles, of course).<br />This story is truly a saga in the greatest sense. I really loved the way the author interspersed elements of religion, history, politics, and culture in a way that will appeal to readers of all kinds. I found myself skipping through a few of the political discourses, just because the writing is almost too detailed at times and I can only take political discussion in very small doses. It was quite an educational book - I learned so much about Hinduism and Islam that I didn't already know, and also about different cultures. I even picked up a few new phrases in Hindi and Bengali.<br />As a first generation American with Indian parents, I would recommend this book to anyone interested in learning more about Indian history, culture, politics, you name it - especially other 'abcds'. I could see it being an invaluable resource in schools for classes studying the history of India, although a person that doesn't have background knowledge in the history, culture, languages, and/or religons, might find it a little boring at times and harder to follow.<br />This book has a little something in it for everyone - Seth has created a wonderful story that is quite lighthearted most of the time, although it covers very serious topics that are still issues in the Asian Subcontinent to this day. I can't wait to read his other books!
B00006F7IM|5.0|I first saw this movie many, many years ago.. and I still remember it very vividly because it was soooo funny!!! It has an interesting plot and all the actors performed admirably.  I'm not even a huge baseball fan but this movie always puts a smile on my face.  I will go buy the DVD version of this movie for keepsakes.
006016848X|3.0|I had heard about Men Are From Mars, Women Are From Venus years before I ever picked up a copy to read. But now that I have read this book, I can say that the same mixed feelings that made me put off reading it have become even stronger.<br /><br />On the one hand, in many ways the book seems to be insightful and useful for improving a relationship. But at the same time, it also seems to make problems appear too simple. Author John Gray seems to describe solutions for everything, to every little problem that can interfere with the development of a relationship. But anyone who has ever been in a serious relationship knows that practice is always different from theory.<br /><br />The central point in the book is that men and women &quot;speak&quot; different languages in regard to the way they perceive and value a relationship. Gray says that the secret of success consists of understanding the other's language, psychology, and perceptions. Most of the rest of the book is simply made up of specific examples of the way this main theory is applied.<br /><br />Without a doubt, this book is worth reading. It will teach you interesting ways to interpret the actions of your partner, many of which you may not have thought of. But it is important to understand that this volume will not work miracles, and that the kind of help it offers will not make your relationship work perfectly by itself. The best way to look at this book as an interesting guide that will give you some interesting perspectives and worthwhile clues for improving communication. It is also a relaxing and fun read.
6304539258|5.0|The one thing that must be said about the very first, and very original Star Wars film, later to be known as Star Wars: Episode IV -- A New Hope, is that it is one big vicarious thrill of a movie.  The movie is so intense, and the reactions of the characters to the environment around them is so believable that the audience feels like it has been through the same experience that the characters in the movie had.<br />A great example of this vicarious thrill is my favorite scene in the whole movie, where the Millenium Falcon escapes from the Death Star and battles the Imperial Tie Fighters.  After the last Tie Fighter is blown up, Han Solo breathes a huge sigh of relief, and so does the audience.  <br />The movie is true science fiction, but it has elements that everyone can relate to and understand.  The space battle sequences were modeled after films of actual World War II air battles.  The droids in the story are the first androids I've ever seen where they served an essential and practical purpose in a story.  R2-D2 records data, stores data, and presents data in a fashion that today's personal computers do, but remember, this movie came out long before this was commonplace.  Before R2-D2, a robot or android's purpose was to shout out &quot;Warning! Warning! Danger Will Robinson! Danger!&quot;, and that was about it.  And lastly, the story of a family, not yet completely revealed is begun in this story.  Luke's journey away from home, and beginning the process of learning about the legacy of his father is something that many people can relate to in their own personal lives.<br />Regarding the Special Edition, released in 1997, I would say that the manner in which the movie was revised was done in a conscientious and considerate fashion, for it does not appear to be an entirely &quot;new&quot; film.  The movie starts with the the very old version of the Fox Fanfare music with the new Lucasfilm Limited logo on the screen, indicating that that this Special Edition retains the orignal style that the film had, but adds some things that the original film did not have.  The &quot;new&quot; sequences do not stick out like a sore thumb, and blend perfectly into this new edition.  It is almost as if George Lucas knew what he wanted this film to be like long before he had the technology to do it.  He knew what was and wasn't possible in 1977, and only used what was available to fit his vision for this movie.<br />I'm not going to say anything more, except that I cannot wait until this movie and the other two sequels are released onto DVD.  I just can't wait to find out more about the behind the scenes for this movie, and listen to George Lucas talk about how he came up with the story that became Star Wars.  On other behind the scenes commentary, he hasn't been able to talk about everything, but once Episode III is out, he'll be able to do this, I hope.
6305508550|4.0|To anyone who's ever had an office job, this movie is right on the money.  My husband was laughing so hard the sofa was shaking.  Ron Livingston gives a great performance and Jennifer Aniston is fun in her small role.
B00003CWL6|5.0|this movie is so funny.it has got it all(dark,comedy and the real touching drama) on it.i did really enjoyed this movie from start to finish.
B000000OQF|2.0|Just like many other albums (such as the Goo Goo Dolls' &quot;Dizzy up the Girl&quot; and Bush's &quot;Sixteen Stone&quot;), the hits on this album are excellent, Hall-of-fame type material, but all the other songs aren't that great. I would reccomend just burning a CD with Welcome to the Jungle, Paradise City, and Sweet Child O' Mine on it. Those are their three hits, and the only songs worth listening too. Unless you really think that you'll like it, don't bother spending your money on this CD based on the songs you hear on the radio. My Michelle is a decent song, though.
B00006690G|1.0|When will this all die out?  Will people ever get tired of people swearing more then ten times every thirty seconds?  Until they do, I shall turn a deaf ear to eminem and his peers...
0767903862|4.0|I've always been curious about Australia. Never been.<BR>Hey, it's far away, really big, and lightly populated.<BR>Every Australian I have met in my travels has been 'in your face' friendly, and fascinating to talk to. I somehow manage to bump into Australians everywhere when I travel, perhaps because they tend to stand out as far younger and more adventurous than the typical retired American tourist. They apparently get &quot;months&quot; of vacation during what is our &quot;off-season&quot;, which is when I like to travel. <BR>I know perhaps a dozen Americans who have been to Australia, and few travel destinations have gotten such extremely divergent reviews. Each either loved or hated it. No middle ground. Several said &quot;skip it&quot;, and spend all your down under time in New Zealand instead. I believe Bryson has now explained why this is the case. It all depends upon where you go, as well as your attitude and expectations when you get there. This realistic storytelling approach is so much more useful when evaluating a place then a dry guidebook. When was the last time a guidebook outright declared a place &quot;boring&quot;? Now that's travel news you can use!
B00009APK1|5.0|This was such a great movie, the only thing I did not like about it was that..to be continued... I loved the fellowship of the ring, now the two towers to! I would defenetly recomend these movies to everyone, they are awesome movies. I cant wait until I can buy the second part and watch the return of the kings, does anyone know the how the final ending goes?
B00005JL7Q|5.0|This movie, for all its humor, manages to remain intelligent. Most comedies coming out these days are full of humor based on injuries or sex or something else requiring little though. About a Boy breaks away from the cliche comedies and has more advanced comedy to it. Hugh Grant is a superb part for the role of Will. The music is great too! Don't forget to check out the music videos on the DVD.
B00009APK1|5.0|This was such a great movie, the only thing I did not like about it was that..to be continued... I loved the fellowship of the ring, now the two towers to! I would defenetly recomend these movies to everyone, they are awesome movies. I cant wait until I can buy the second part and watch the return of the kings, does anyone know the how the final ending goes?
B0000042H4|5.0|This is one of the great treasures of the classical catalogue!! Forget criticisms that this is a studio performance and therefore inferior to \\"live\\" performances. Forget criticisms that this Ring depends on its reputation as the first studio recording. Forget criticisms that the orchestra is too prominent here - yes, it is prominent compared to a \\"live\\" performance but who cares, the music is gorgeous and sumptuous here, like you will never hear in the concert hall - on the contrary, be GRATEFUL that Solti, Culshaw and Parry took the effort to make the details of the score audible. And the sound quality is stunning!! I mean stunning!! If you don't look at the date, you would think this was made in the 1990s or even 2000s. Decca's engineers really supassed themselves. Frankly, this analogue recording sound better than some digital recordings which can sometimes be somewhat \\"brittle\\". <br />The orchestra produces the most glorious and sumptuous sound conceivable. The Vienna Philhramonic Orchestra is INVINCIBLE in this recording. The cast - incredible - there is virtually no weak link. You might quibble about the singing in some small parts but hey, casting the Ring has always been one of the, if not THE biggest headache in opera. You couldn't get the quality of the cast here today in a studio recording, let alone a live performance. Let's look at the list.<br />Rhinegold - George London : fabulous young Wotan. Neidlinger : Classic Alberich. Svet Svanhom - wonderful Loge. Then we have Kirsten Flagstad, the great Brunnhilde from the 1930s to 1950s as Fricka. Don't be misled by her age. Her voice is in marvellous condition. She puts sopranos half her age to shame. Kurt Bohme is a famous Fafner. <br />Walkure - James King' voice is splendidly virile ringing out heroically. It's not true that he's not \\"involved\\" as critics like to claim - he's fabulous. Besides, with a voice as virile as his, it doesn't matter, you have to hear it. Crespin is even more stunning as Sieglinde - beautiful voice. Then there's Christa Ludwig's legendary Fricka (searingly dramatic). Birgit Nilsson - I needn't comment - too good to be true. Gottlob Frick is as always the most dependable performer and glorious as always. <br />Siegfried - Windgassen and Nilsson are incomparable. Stolze's a Mime without peer. Sutherland sings beautifully as woodbird - she does sound like one. Neidlinger repeats his classic potrayal of Alberich. Bohme as fafner too. Hotter is the Wotan of the century.<br />Gotterdamerung - the pinnacle of this set. Not a single weak link again. Gottlob Frick manages to make Hagen into a character you want to listen to over and over again. Fischer Dieskau does wonders with Gunther. Lucia Popp is a ravishingly beautiful Rhinemaiden. Gwyneth Jones as a Rheinmaiden? yes!!<br />Everytime I look at the cast list, I'm incredulous. And when I listen to the singing, the starry cast does not let me down. This is indeed one of the 100 greatest classical recording of all time, and it deserves to be on that Grammophon list.
0060920084|5.0|This book focus' on Byson's trip through small town Amercia looking for the perfect small town. Part autobiographical (stories about growing up in rural Iowa and his family vacations), and part travel commentary, this book is laugh out loud funny. Bryson has some sharp comments on US race relations, and doesn't think much of the South, but his commentary is largely dead on.<br />A thoroughly enjoyable read, covering raods most of us will never travel. Very well done.
B00008LDPU|5.0|This DVD is incredible!!  An absolute must for the Matrix fan, anime fan, or just plain fun fan!!  Everyone who comes over gets a taste of Final Flight of the Osiris on the big screen, surround sound.  Even people who haven't even seen the Matrix sat in awe as the episode's roller coaster ride swept them away.  Along with the extras and other awesome episodes, this is one of the great DVDs in my collection!
B00005JL7Q|4.0|Another wonderful adaptation of a great Nick Hornby story.  It's entertaining and does justice to the novel.  The acting is outstanding, especially Hugh Grant and the boy who plays Marcus.  I rarely ever like a movie adaptation of a book but as in High Fidelity, I think this movie does an outstanding job of adapting to the big screen.  I highly recommend it.
B000001IQH|5.0|This is one of the albums that threw Epitaph records on the map and made punk a household name for the first time since the Sex Pistols or the Clash. Released in 1995, Rancid's second album Let's Go was enjoying success with it's two videos \\"Nihilism\\" and \\"Salvation\\". However, no one expected that the album would be as big as it was. Right behind The Offspring's \\"Smash\\", Green Day's \\"Dookie\\" and NOFX's \\"Punk In Drublic\\" as the best selling punk album of the early 90s, this album sold nearly about 2 or 3 milllion copies.<br />Rancid would fail to copy the success of Wolves on their later releases, but they continued to release classic punk rock for more years to come.<br />Now, why do I like this album. This album shows a mixture of punk rock, new school and old, regaee beats, great lyrics, and excellent musical quality. Each song digs into the minds of members Tim Armstrong and Lars Fredrickson and comes back with stories of abandoned youth and misfortune to bring out a truely amazing list of songs. The album tends to get long (19 songs that usually last 3 or 4 minutes), but all the songs take on a life of their very own, each one being just as amazing as the last. <br />It also shows that a band that not many people would expect to write music of such intensity but keep it at a pace that everyone can enjoy can still take on the task and accomplish with flying colors. Punk musical excellence as some might say. However, this album still differs from the albums of today that are considered punk. Rancid is one of the only bands to enjoy fame and only become more of an intense, and stronger band, when most today weaken and begin to release more friendlier music. Sharing a spotlight with Bad Religion, Sex Pistols, Black Flag, and many others as one of the most influental and talented punk acts of all time. Tim Armstrong has gone on to experience fame as a producer with Hellcat records, which he formed before the band's fourth album \\"Life Can Wait\\". <br />In conclusion, Rancid is one of the rare talents that will continue to surprise us for years to come.
B00005JM09|5.0|After reading a review referencing \\"cash-ins\\" I had some doubts, but after seeing the movie over the weekend, they've all quickly vaporized &lt;grin>. The movie is concise and to the point, the story is good enough and the end is - well- very plausible at our current state of affairs.<br /> The first shock is how incredible Arnold looks at 55. He makes other action jocks like Vin Diesel, Sly, the Rock, et al, look like puny teenagers. This physique is not a result of a quick fix-up with a personal trainer, but stems from a lifetime of intense training and conditioning.  Next, there is very good chemistry between Nick Stahl and Claire Danes. They are both very good actors and are believable. The Terminatrix is, no doubt, a drop-dead (no pun intended) gorgeous woman, even though Robert Patrick's icy stare in T2 was more \\"scary\\". The movie has some of the coolest car chase scenes ever made, yet there's very little computer imagery that completely ruined the action industry lately (Matrix, Star Wars, etc). What impressed me most was Mostow's ability to share inside jokes with the audience. There's plenty of dark humor that was innovative and did not take away from the action.<br />The only figure I seriously missed was Sarah Connor, i.e. Linda Hamilton. Mostow solved the problem of her absence skillfully though.<br />Final word -- don't miss it. A movie of this kind needs to be seen in a theater, no matter how advanced your home system is. Besides, the home systems will soon become obsolete anyway (Skynet).
B00000JCB2|5.0|And just when you thought the music was awful, this comes out, Limp Bizkit, Significant Other. And they've changed, listen to Three Dollar Bill then this, very different. Songs like Break Stuff, I'm Broke and Trust? are the anger songs, where songs like Re-Arranged, No Sex and Don't Go Off Wandering show the true mellowness of Limp, and songs like Just Like This, Nookie and Show Me What You Got are songs that can get you dancing to the beats, where Intro, n2Gether Now and Outro have their finest raps(yes even for an Intro and Outro). Limp Bizkit have truly made great albums, but this is argueably the best album, next to Chocolate Starfish. I know that Limp Bizkit are making a 5th album in September, I know they won't disappoint. Here's the review.<BR>-----------------------------------------------------------------<BR>1)Intro: DJ Lethal rock the house. 5/10<br />2)Just Like This: Nice, that alien-like talk in the middle isn't too bad, and the drums are great. No swearing either, which can be either good or bad, whether or not you like swear words. 8/10<br />3)Nookie: Heavy metal in the middle surrounded by entertaining funky beats. Fred does great vocals in this one, and that special skit at the end with some people breaking stuff is so funny. I've listened to this song for 3 months and still I'm not tired of it. Very good. 10/10<br />4)Break Stuff: Much like Stuck, only twice as good. This song may only be 2 and 3 quarter minutes, but it's really heavy. After hearing this song, I've always enjoyed it when someone gets shot or knocked out. THANKS LIMP BIZKIT! 10/10<br />5)Re-Arranged: After Break Stuff is a ballad that's nice and mellow. Best Bass line on CD, vocals that keep on coming, nice drums, talentful guitars, and a DJ Lethal solo st the end. My favourite song. 10/10<br />6)I'm Broke: Much like Break Stuff, only the story's different. This is about a certain money-lending but he ain't getting paid back, and now he wants it back before he knocks him out, and if that ain't enough, there's a special answering machine skit at the end. 10/10<br />7)Nobody Like You: Jon Davis of KoRn lends vocals on this song, and so does STP's Scott Weiland. And it's not just the vocals, think Wes Borland and Sam Rivers, they kill the song with the insane guitar and bass lines, especially after the 2nd chorus. 10/10<br />8)Don't Go Wandering: Another mellow song, can't quite explain what the story's about, but pretty good vocals by Fred Durst. As the 2nd chorus ends, and it goes quiet and then gets a little louder, they start screaming. Again, no swearing, which can either be good or bad. For me, it's good, coz I can sing the lyrics without getting busted. An excellent and underrated song. 9/10<br />9)9 Teen 90 Nine: Not bad actually, heavy drumwork by John Otto. A mosh song which is full of swearing. But I enjoy it at the end, sweet heavy work, and after the song, an interlude featuring Fred's mother. A song that's gonna get good reviews. 9/10<br />10)N 2 Gether Now: DJ Lethal gets to scratch again, only for the entire song. It's Method Man, SWEET! He and Fred show off their mic skills. Funky beats and crazy mic skills. A deadly combination, but can make a good song. 10/10<br />11)Trust?: The 3rd anger song. A combination of I'm Broke, 9 Teen 90 Nine and Break Stuff. Sam Rivers again shows off his bass skills. Also a good nu-metal song. And at the end there's a rap solo that goes for a minute and a half. Great anger song. 10/10<br />12)No Sex: I have nothing to do with this song(I'm only 13). But still a good song. Aaron Lewis of Staind lends a hand. This is a sweet-as song. 8/10<br />13)Show Me What You Got: The props song, bands, tours, people, places. He thanks Eminem, which surprises me, he wasn't even on the record. Unless you count that song they did together, called: \\"Turn Me Loose\\". INSANE guitars by Wes Borland, and another rap song at the end. 2nd best on here. 10/10<br />14)A Lesson Learned: Not bad, but could be better if therewas better sound and actual guitar. And Fred sings in a voice that he had in Three Dollar Bill's Everything. But still it's not bad. 5/10<br />15)Outro: DJ Lethal rock the house again, and a Backstreet Boys diss, YAY!, then comes Matt Pinfield, he starts saying how good Limp Bizkit is, but then starts about how he hates those teeny-bopping artists, and he storms off, and Fred comes off after him trying to calm him down, a very funny outro, and then Les Claypool turns up, and starts saying that the listener just wasted their hard-earned $...(Of course he's kidding, but he does seem a bit high doesn't he?). 10/10<BR>-----------------------------------------------------------------<BR>A funny Outro to an EXCELLENT CD! Wait till the 5th album comes out in September. Allright, PEACE, MAN!
0151008116|5.0|This author has written some of the most amazing sentences I have ever read. I love his writing. I enjoyed reading this book, because it is about everything, and that is what the best books are about. I believe I will read it again.
B00003CXA6|5.0|Although one of our fellow Amazon customers has praised this film for its \\"tastefully done battle scenes\\" which are to be commended for lack of blood and gore, our friend misses a crucial point. Battle is about blood and gore, and about death and destruction. Wars are ugly--arguably necessary from time to time but grotesque in their very premise. Organized  killing should not be sanitized, for to do so mimimizes its horror. If we are to make and watch films about war, then we should watch the truth. Only then will the cinema remind us of the cost of war and the need, when possible, to avoid it. To sanitize battle scenes in the hope that viewers will not be offended is to diminish the sacrifice made by those who really died in the real war being depicted. I fault not the film so much as the reviewer who evidently wants his movie wars to entertain, rather than to  profoundly disturb.
B000066NW0|5.0|I purchased this CD last summer, and reviewed it this past October, giving it 5 stars. I decided I would write another review one year after buying it for this reason: it's still one of the greatest CDs I own. Look, I don't care if the girl can't carry a tune when she performs live - I'm reviewing the CD, not her concert. I don't care if she dresses like a punk but does not sing punk music - I'm not reviewing her as a person. I have read so many of the enraged reviews on here by people whining about how she can't sing, she's not punk, she doesn't write her own music, etc. Who cares?! None of that has anything to do with her CD at all. Can't we all just stick to the product that's for sale here?<br />Let Go is not going to be for everyone - not everyone is going to like the same music, let's face it. But for anyone who can look past all of the little nitpicks, this CD is a rare find. Over the past year, I have listened to this CD from track 1 to track 13 over and over again, countless times, and I am still not tired of it. I'm not even tired of the tracks that have been overplayed on the radio. That's how great this CD is. I own over 200 CDs and there are only a couple that I could listen to all the way through without skipping tracks. This one takes first place. It's got mainstream pop tracks (&quot;Complicated&quot;, &quot;Sk8er Boi&quot;, &quot;Mobile&quot;, &quot;Anything but Ordinary&quot;, &quot;Things I'll Never Say&quot;, &quot;My World&quot;, &quot;Nobody's Fool&quot;), ballads (&quot;I'm With You&quot;, &quot;Tomorrow&quot;, &quot;Too Much to Ask&quot;, &quot;Naked&quot;), and rock (&quot;Losing Grip&quot;, &quot;Unwanted&quot;). Amazingly, not all of the tracks even sound alike, which is something you find a lot of on pop albums (especially ones put out by boy bands). All in all, it's a pretty amazing CD, and there is not one track on the whole CD I don't like.<br />If you've heard any of Avril Lavigne's songs on the radio and like them - well, then you probably already have this CD. If you don't, then what are you waiting for? Ignore all of the people who hate her just because she's popular. I don't care if she can't sing live or if she didn't write all of her songs - her debut CD is great, and I can't wait to hear more from her.obably already have this CD. If you don't, then what are you waiting for? Ignore all of the people who hate her just because she's popular. I don't care if she can't sing live or if she didn't write all of her songs - her debut CD is great, and I can't wait to hear more from her.
B000084T18|4.0|I've been a 50 fan since he first dropped. Not last year but way back in '98 when he dropped How To Rob. I didn't forget about him when he got shot 9 times. I was just waiting for him to back stronger than ever, which he has. I'm not gonna front and say he is one of the best of all-time, cuz he's not. He's not one of the best lyrically either. But there's something about 50 that makes him such an entertaining rapper. He is clever and has potential to go down as a rapper everyone will remember. (example: \\"Shorty, I been watchin you watchin me/ Now you tell me what you like more, my watch or me\\" from 'U Not Like Me') <br />I've had this album before it dropped in February and it's still in rotation in my stereo. We've all heard Wanksta, In Da Club and 21 Questions by now but there's much more on this album to talk about. Personally, I feel the whole album is bangin except for two songs and the intro. Wanksta is real annoying now, but I guess I can listen to it sometimes still. Gotta Make It To Heaven is hot lyrically, but that beat really annoys the hell outta me. <br />I own every G-Unit song ever released (underground or mainstream) and I think 50 should have used G-Unit members Tony Yayo and Lloyd Banks a little more. They really have potential to be big in this game. Lloyd Banks ripped it on Don't Push Me, and Eminem did too. What Up Gangsta is a song for all them cats on tyhe street to bump in their cars. Many Men and Heat are probably my favorite tracks on the CD. High All The Time is a good song to bump when your blazin a fatty. Back Down is a hot diss track to Ja Rule. The beef goes back quite a while, not just right before Ja dropped his latest flop. That's when Ja actually decided to open his mouth about 50, tryna promote his album cuz 50 was catchin fire in the streets at the time. If I Can't, Blood Hound and P.I.M.P. are real hot songs. Poor Lil Rich is a hot song with a pretty sick beat and even hotter lyrics. The bonus tracks are old songs 50 was supposed to release back in the day but didn't cuz he lost his deal after he got shot. These tracks (U Not Like Me & Life's On The Line)are straight fire. Not many people really knows that Life's On The Line is an older Ja Rule diss, going back to the days when Ja was tryna say he beat the sh*t outta 50 with a baseball bat. <BR>Listen to the song, you can tell who it's about. Below is my track rating (1-5): <br />1. Intro -- Not rated since its like 7 seconds of a coin droppin<BR>2. What Up Gangsta -- 5<BR>3. Patiently Waiting (feat. Eminem) -- 4.5<BR>4. Many Men (Wish Death) -- 5<BR>5. In Da Club -- 4 <BR>6. High All the Time -- 4<BR>7. Heat -- 5<BR>8. If I Can't -- 5<BR>9. Blood Hound (feat. Young Buck) -- 5<BR>10. Back Down -- 4.5<BR>11. P.I.M.P. -- 5<BR>12. Like My Style (feat. Tony Yayo) -- 5<BR>13. Poor Lil Rich -- 5<BR>14. 21 Questions (feat. Nate Dogg) -- 4.5<BR>15. Don't Push Me (feat. Lloyd Banks & Eminem) -- 5<BR>16. Gotta Make It to Heaven -- 5<BR>17. Wanksta -- 3<BR>18. U Not Like Me --5 <BR>19. Life's On The Line -- 5<br />If you like the 'gangsta' songs on the album or U Not Like Me and/or Life's On The Line, peep 50's 'Guess Who's Back'. That's an album which is basically the greatest street hits of 50. It's also the album that Eminem heard and gained interest in 50. Then he decided to sign him and now Shady Records ALMOST gives Death Row a run for its money for the label with the most talent at one time.
B0000634EV|5.0|Let's see, a group with Pepper of C.O.C. and Phil from Pantera playing down and dirty swamp rock that sounds like Sabbath on quaaludes. The resulting musical amalgam is a thousand times better and more substantial than any rap metal crap out there now. Heavy songs like \\"Beautifully Depressed\\" and \\"Dog Tired\\" are a realistic breath of fresh air. And \\"Where I'm Going,\\" a steel blues porch piece doesn't seem a bit out fo place. Being that we got some heavy guys here, tuned down Sabbath mayhem takes place on the brutally honest \\"Ghosts Along The Missisippi\\" and \\"New Orleans Is A Dying Whore.\\" Phil Anselmo tells it like it is, with no apologies. Life through their eyes may not be pretty, but at least it's real.
B0000072KY|5.0|I am a huge Nirvana fan and personally this is my favorite cd.  What makes it even better is the bonus track \\"Gallons of Rubbing alcohol flow through the strip\\" It is a brilliant spoken word track that you must wait almost 20 minutes for after the end of \\"all apologies\\" The higher cost is because of the one track and it even says this inside the CD. I recommend this to all NIRVANA fans but if you are only in it for the major songs like \\"Rape Me\\" and \\"Heart-shaped box\\" you would probably be better of buying the US version.
B0000028M7|5.0|If I could give it 20 stars, I would. This album launched a decade worth of imitators and begat bands from Nickelback to Godsmack. The chromatic riffing and meloncholic vocals of &quot;Them Bones&quot; lead to the punishing &quot;Dam That River.&quot; Even when they tone it down on the haunting &quot;Down In A Hole,&quot; the band still sounds dirge-like. Layne Stayley's doom-ridden vocals are perfectly complemented by Jerry Cantrell's dirty(no pun intended)guitar work. The almost too honest subject matter of &quot;Junkhead&quot; and the classic &quot;Would?&quot; is what sets this band apart from any of its angry peers. They don't apologize for their wrong choices in life. They just make great songs out of them.
B0000844I8|3.0|unfortunately.  The music of composer David Arnold is wonderful.  However, it is so LOUD on this DVD that you can't hear the dialogue.  With the volume low enough that the music is bearable, you can't hear the dialogue when it stops unless you raise the volume again.  I found myself constantly fiddling with the volume control which was very annoying.  Also, I thought the theatrical cut was better than the director's cut.  Rent this, and save your money to purchase the boxed sets of the series, Stargate SG-1.  Richard Dean Anderson and Michael Shanks give better characterizations in the series than Kurt Russell and James Spader do in the movie.  I have the first three seasons and they are great.
B00007E8O5|4.0|Jerry Cantrell is not a happy man and wants you to know it. The hypnotic &quot;Psychotic Break,&quot; and the gloom of &quot;Castaway&quot; portray that right away. The good thing though is that Jerry is once again on AIC ground. Such radio ready songs Like &quot;Angel Eyes&quot; and &quot;Locked On,&quot; not to mention &quot;Anger Rising&quot; make you wish his former band were still active. There is a wide variety of songs here. From the moody &quot;What It Takes,&quot; to the stomping &quot;Hellbound.&quot; Throw in a couple of sad acoustic numbers, like &quot;Gone&quot; and &quot;31/32&quot;(which could easily be mistaken for a Layne Stayley tribute) and Jerry shows he's come to terms with the 'Chains legacy, but is not content to just to feed off it.
B000084T18|4.0|Great album. Here's my track review.<br />1) Intro - A coin droppin', nothin much.<br />2) What Up Gangsta - Great beat, decent rapping. 4/5<br />3) Patiently Waiting (Featuring Eminem) - Good combo, good beat, ridiculous verse by Eminem, one of the best. 4/5<br />4) Many Men (Wish Death) - One of the best songs on the album, very slow and good production. Check out the remix with Brooklyn & Shaunta of Aftermath. 5/5<br />5) In Da Club - Good song, way overplayed. One of the best beats on the album. Better than Wanksta. 3/5<br />6. High All The Time - This song is awesome, with a ridiculous hook. 5/5<br />7. Heat - My favorite song. Good beat and good rhymes. 5/5<br />8. If I Can't - Wonderful beat, fast rapping, & a good hook. Check out the remix with Jay-Z. 4/5<br />9. Bloodhound (Featuring Young Buck) - I want to estiblish that Young Buck is part of the UTP Playaz not the G-Unit. But anyways a good song with a DMX-Like barking sample. 3/5<br />10. Back Down - A diss to Ja Rule with a good beat and ok flow. 4/5<br />11. P.I.M.P. - Another one of my favorites, crazy beat. Check out the remix with Snoop Dogg.<BR>His next single. 5/5<br />12. Like My Style (Featuring Tony Yayo) - A fast flow with a good beat and hook. Tony Yayo should have had a full verse though. 3/5<br />13. Poor Lil' Rich - Ridiculous beat, taken from an older 50 song with the Notorious B.I.G. in it. 4/5<br />14. 21 Question's (Featuring Nate Dogg)- Latest single with an awesome video. The only soft 50 song. Another favorite. 5/5<br />15. Don't Push Me (Featuring Eminem & Lloyd Banks) - Lloyd Banks is an awesome MC, I can't wait till his solo cd. Great song. Crazy beat. Eminem's verse is good,50's isn't that long though. 5/5<br />16. Gotta Make It To Heaven - I heard this song about 2 months before the album even came out. It's a good song with a fast hook. 3/5<br />Bonus Track's<br />17. Wanksta - Still a good song. 4/5<br />18. U Not Like Me - This is one of my favorite songs. It's awesome. 5/5<br />19. Life On The Line - Recorded before 50 got shot he sound's totally different. It's a street classic. 4/5<br />Check new and upcoming stuff from the Shady Record's camp. <br />G-Unit - Lock & Loaded (Coming out in November)<BR>Lloyd Bank's - Money In The Bank (December)<BR>D12 - Halloween (October)<BR>Obie Trice - Cheer's(September)<BR>Eminem - (2004)<BR>Proof - Searching 4 Jerry Garcia (August)<br />Also check Shady mixtape : Invasion 2:The Conspiracy, Mixed by Eminem's DJ, DJ Green Lantern.
B00006RU5B|4.0|Chris Cornell and ex RATM members team up for a celebration of the creative freedom to indulge in Zeppelin and Black Sabbath fantasies. The opening riff of &quot;Cochise&quot; will tell you that. Songs like &quot;Like A Stone&quot; and &quot;Show Me How To Live&quot; combine the funkiness of Rage with Cornell's at times banshee vocals. The mellow &quot;Getaway Car&quot; shows he doesn't have to scream to sound intense. Guitarist Tom Morello and the transplanted rhythm section show they are capable of more than their trademark funk on the bluesy &quot;I Am The Highway,&quot; but can still light it up on &quot;Set It Off.&quot; &quot;Supergroups&quot; are usually less than the sum of their parts, but this sounds like an actaul band that's, thankfully, here to stay.
B000002KDM|5.0|This is one of the most amazing albums ever made. Some songs teach you about different expierences of life and others tell you a good story and leave it to you to find the moral behind it.
B00005JLSE|5.0|This movie is SO good, I cant stop reviewing it. :) People its not fair to caompare Moulin Rouge & Chicago. The have 2 things in common and they would be that they are both movies and both musicals. And that is IT. I saw Moulin Rouge a few weeks before Chicago and I did think it was a good movie and I still do to this day, but I do think that Chicago is better. I liked that Chicago has its own songs, I think the singing was a better, there was more dancing in Chicago, and the storyline was better. Sometimes in Moulin Rouge I got confused. Anyways ever since I saw the preview when I went to see Sweet Home Alabama I have been obsessed with this movie. I have the soundtrack and listen to it almost every day. This movie is such a classic dont let yourself miss it.
B00006879E|5.0|Great sounds.  If you listen to the CD a few times, you'll swear someone took War, the Black Crowes, and Sting and locked them in a room together.<BR>Funky and rocking, mellow and hard driven, all at the same time.
0060537639|1.0|I would give this book no stars, excepting two factors.  First, the part about trained otters was cool.  Second, it made me laugh.  <br />There is one thing that I can not get over...Menzies includes all these maps (purported to be made by Chinese), and is always making statements like \\"Clearly it is the South American coast.\\" What?  It looks nothing like the South American coast!  And if they are drawn by Chinese with exceptional navigational and map-making skills, why does CHINA not even resemble China?! <br /> Oh, and even better, Menzies states that since there are Chinese products (silk, etc) in South America, then CLEARLY Chinese must have been there before Western colonization.  What?  Someone please show me where the bridge is that closes this chasm of logic, because I am stranded over here in the land of sanity.  What I heard was \\"There's silk in Argentina\\", and Menzies is off re-writing history. How did he get there?Maybe, just maybe, they were brought over AFTER trade routes were established.  Ridiculous.  But aren't you laughing?
6304779356|5.0|Probably not a cinematic classic, but a great movie with a great cast and a great soundtrack.  Michael and Sam move to Santa Clara with their Mom to live with their grandfather after her divorce.  The grandfather himself is a real hoot - a taxidermist who keeps gifting Sam menacing looking stuffed animals and wears Windex for aftershave. Michael and Sam soon get mixed up with the colorful characters of the boardwalk.  Michael is attracted to Starr who eggs on his advances despite the presence of David (Keifer Sutherland).  Chasing Starr and not sure of who David is, Michael finds himself deeply embroiled in the vampire lair before he knows it.  All he must do is make his first kill to become a full vampire.<br />Meanwhile, Sam has bumped into the Frog brothers, vampire hunters who run a comic book store on the boardwalk as a front for their parents. When Sam discovers that his brother is a half vampire, he has no choice but to call the Frog brothers for help.  Disposing of the advice from the Frog brothers to kill his brother, they set out together to find the head vampire (killing the head vampire will free all of the half vampires).<br />Great one liners abound and it is fun to watch Corey Haim and Corey Feldman together.  They were a good kid duo - better than most, in my opinion. Keifer Sutherland is a VERY sexy bad guy and Jason Patric isn't to shabby either.  They have a good macho chemistry together.  This is not your typical teen vampire movie.  It is one of the best vampire movies I have seen not counting, of course, Interview.
0142004235|5.0|This is one of those books that I was assigned to read in highschool, but quickly became one of my favorites.  It's a good study on good versus evil and how people have a choice to be good (or evil).  Don't read it just because Oprah said to.  Read it because it's a great classic and a great read.
B00005JM1F|4.0|Will Ferrell is absolutely one of the funniest comics to come off of Saturday Night Live and enter movies.  Some of the stuff he does and says in Old School is classic. Over the last few weeks I and my friends have watched Old School ten times.  Yes we don't have anything better to do. Knoxville is boring on the weekends.   <BR>Luke Wilson and Vince Vaughn also are really great.  They portray the more serious aspect of Old School.  I can not see any two other actors playing their parts expect for Owen Wilson.  I have been a huge fan of the trio Wilson brothers and Wes Anderson ever since Bottle Rocket. Old School is a highly recommend film.  No awards or Oscars for actors just a hilarious movie.  It brings you back to the late 70's with a little film called Animal House.  They both are movies you can watch many times over and never tire.  Old School has gone into constant rotation alongside with Snatch.
B000002BFZ|1.0|In this album, Pearl Jam has exagerated on their tendency to make experimental music. The songs are difficult to be digested, the havier ones are merely grunge noise. It's just for die-hard fans of the band.
B00005JM09|5.0|This movie is super cool.The Special Effects used in this movie are mind blowing.The Story is also good and the acting looks real.This movie will be the best movie of 2003.
B00005JLEU|5.0|Woah.<br />Simple brilliant storytelling at it's finest.
B00005JKNC|4.0|I liked it. I can sort of understand the myriad of cynical comments from some of you- because it's fashionable to dislike anything that's too sentimental these days (though I'm not amongst those who do), but I also think the story has a certain root of nasty, ugly 'reality' which gives the film a balance. Remember, Jim Carrey's screenwriter is thrown into a rather spectacular series of events which end up with him taking an adventure in an almost latter-day Wonderland. A credit to his dramatic acting ability, he has a kind of wary disconnection throughout the whole film. (Even as he lives amongst all the virtue, idealism and patriotism of the Lawson citizens he does not seem to entirely believe it.) But every Oz must have its Kansas, and even Carrey 'wakes up' towards the end of the film to deal with the ugliness of the HUAC witch-hunt. But my favorite performer- and indeed the best thing in the movie- is Martin Landau. His patriarch who wears his heart on his sleeve is absolutely stunning throughout, and he gives the story a lot of earnestness and optimism (especially when he talks about the magic of movies- which I admit I kind of agree with). A strong second best performance comes from Laurie Holden, playing the  beautiful law student who may (or may not) know Carrey from the past. Check it out.
B00005JM09|3.0|What a great story to work with, but I think this movie sells itself short.  The action was excellent and the effects were well done.  I liked the car chase and the scenes where the Skynet becomes self aware and the machines start taking over.  But the thing that gets me is the length and the minor story.  It could've had more interaction between characters and more details.  It had the given scenes where the two terminators arrive, steal clothes from some poor sap, and acquire their targets.  Then there's an action filled chase, Arnold brings everyone up to speed, busts out of a cemetary, and then your at the end of the movie.  I was like I just got here and the story just started to become interesting.  The humor was entertaining and wasn't as lame and tacky as every other movie made these days.  I personally like when Arnold says \\"She'll be back\\" referring to the T-X.  Also, someone asked why the T-X had to have a gun and I would have to support this question since she can create a cannon and blow Arnold threw a wall.  THis movie wasn't as dark as the first two.  The first two films took place mostly at night and I liked that darker look more than three o'clock in the afternoon in southern California. For me the ending was anticlimactic.  I said to myself, \\"This was gonna happen all along. That [stinks].\\"  If I was John Connor I would be saying to myself \\"why did we go to all that trouble in the last film?\\"  But hopefully this sets up the story for another film where the human race rises up and defeats Skynet.  <BR>All in all I have mixed feelings about the film.  If they make another film to continue the story (which they should) then I'll be happy.  But if this is the last one then I find it as just a waste of time and money and I will just stick to the first two.
6305137293|1.0|I'll skip the actual movie reviews and get down to the point. There are no special features on this disc, it's presentation is bad, and the picture quality and sound [are bad]. Wait for a box set or until they make a special edition and save your money.
B000009EAD|5.0|I've really got to hand it to Jon Schaffer &amp; co. for putting out some of the highest quality Thrash metal after the 80's through thick and thin. This album may be a little overrated by their fans but it's artistic importance cannot be overlooked. SWTWC is an album that I think best displays Iced Earth's creativity and versatility. Matt Barlow sounds great on every track and Jon plays some very memorable riffs, especially those on &quot;Stand alone&quot;, &quot;Melancholy (Holy martyr)&quot;, &quot;My own savior&quot;, &quot;1776&quot;, and of course the masterpiece, &quot;The coming curse&quot;. The only song I really don't care for on this album is &quot;Disciples of the lie&quot;. It just doesn't grab me as much as the other songs on the album. One aspect that I do like about this album is that there is a perfect mix of fast paced Thrash songs and mellow, slower paced ballads. This album also contains strong lyrics, especially those on &quot;Burning times&quot; and &quot;Stand alone&quot;. Well I really have nothing left to say so I'm going to leave you with this information and hope that newcomers give this great band a chance and enjoy their music.
B000077VT7|5.0|This movie, is full of so much action and twists that you have to watch it 2 times to get all the hints. The power of the movie was so amazing to me, because I was awe struck through most of it, because of how twisted but at the same time it made sense.  It's very well thought out, very interesting, and very addicting.  It will never get old.  To me, it's as if Dirty Dancing was turned into an action movie. How unpredictable and interesting it was, caught me off guard and makes me watch it again and again.  Take 2 hours and watch this movie, you'll see what I mean.
B000092ZYY|4.0|All the superlative reviews bestowed upon Hail To The Thief would lead one to believe it is the best Radiohead album ever.  And for a lot of people it might be, as the album strikes me as a calculated yet interesting balance between what fans want from Radiohead and what the band needs to do to keep things fresh.  Hail To The Thief borrows equally from OK Computer and Amnesiac (more so than Kid A), with the occasional nod to The Bends.  There's far more fine-tuning than experimentation here, yet with a couple of exceptions, everything feels new and fresh. <br />The beautiful ballads we've come to expect are present, as exemplified by \\"Scatterbrain\\" (which would be right at home in either The Bends or OK Computer) and \\"Sail To The Moon,\\" an outstanding tune which feels like an extension to Amnesiac's \\"Pyramid Song.\\"  \\"2 + 2 = 5,\\" \\"There There,\\" \\"Backdrifts,\\" and \\"Go To Sleep\\" are the obvious standout tracks on the album, with the opening track being a tour de force like its predecessors (\\"Airbag,\\" \\"Everything In Its Right Place\\"), and the latter two providing an unbelievable 1-2 punch.  \\"Backdrifts\\" evokes U2's \\"Mysterious Ways,\\" and the comparison with that band doesn't stop there:  \\"Where I End and You Begin\\" not only sounds like U2 circa The Unforgettable Fire, but even its title rings of Bono and company.  Yorke's socio-political critique is fairly obvious in his lyrics, though this neither compromises or undermines the songs.  Radiohead have not forgotten that rock ought to be fun.<br />Things get a bit more interesting - if not outright confusing - on the second half of the album.  \\"We Suck Young Blood\\" and \\"The Gloaming\\" are difficult tracks, and arguably comprise the low point of the album.  Radiohead have made good use of repetition and looping in the past - and do so again on the vertigo-inducing \\"Sit Down. Stand Up\\" -  but \\"The Gloaming\\" relies on the technique one time too many and the result is mostly boring.  \\"We Suck Young Blood\\" is boring and whiny.But just then, the band offers \\"A Punchup At A Wedding\\" - a Steely Dan tune by any other name!  Frankly, it sounds refreshing, and the band flexes its musical muscle.  \\"Punchup\\" doesn't quite prepare you for \\"Myxomatosis,\\" a track whose tough, harsh sound is likely to make a bad first impression.  Don't worry, you'll find yourself singing its chorus before long!  Same thing with \\"A Wolf At The Door,\\" the result of giving REM's \\"It's The End Of The World As We Know It...\\" the Amnesiac treatment.  Hey, say what you will, but you'd take this song over \\"Life In A Glass House\\" in a heartbeat!  Incidentally, the opening notes of \\"A Wolf At The Door\\" sound exactly like The Beatles' \\"Because.\\"  Perhaps this is Radiohead's stylistic salute to rock's most famous innovators.<br />Overall, Hail To The Thief is an outstanding album which will get better with repeated listenings.  It rates slightly higher than four stars, but not quite five, mainly because it doesn't flow with the beauty and ease of OK Computer and Kid A.  Like The Beatles and Led Zeppelin before them, Radiohead have become a genre unto themselves.  Not a bad thing at all!<br />P.S.:  The Limited Edition CD comes in a package which opens like a legal pad or tablet.  The upper half folds open once more to reveal the lyrics on one side, and a 2' by 3' (folded) poster of the album's artwork on the other.
B00008DDXC|5.0|I enjoyed this movie and it is such a great adaptation from the book. This movie is even great for friends or family. It is also one of those movies you can watch over and over again.
B00005JJUF|5.0|The only reason I went to see this movie was to see the Episode One trailer that had been advertised in it newspaper being sh own with this movie and I was so impressed with it that the Episode One trailer took a backseat to my excitement!<BR>I'm sure everything that I like about this has been said before and I could not think of a better film to recommend to someone. It has something for everyone. As for extras, this one is a bit light compared to the Electronic Press Kits that are standard fare these days, but this DVD was released at a time where DVD's weren't that popular and were still outsold by VHS. In fact I think I remember reading somewhere that this is the first DVD to sell over a million units! <BR>I think a director's commentary would have been a great tool to help get around the philosophy of the film instead we have the effects guy and Bulletime(TM) creator John Gadea and Joel Silver and Carrie Ann Moss providing some insight but it's intermittent and can really be distracting sometimes
0316666343|5.0|Reading &quot;The Lovely Bones&quot; was a journey for me.  Maybe it was because I read it in only a few days, or maybe it was because I threw myself into the poetic narration of a 14-year-old.  Whatever the reason, despite the dark undertones of the novel, I fell in love with this book immediately.  Although Susie's story is tough to swallow, her poignant descriptions of heaven and of her family were enough to make me want more.  I appreciated Sebold's attempt at describing what heaven might be like...the comfort of it, not necessarily the safety.  Many may find the premise of the story too difficult to get past.  But I promise that once you accept Susie's fate, you will appreciate the rest.
B00003CXE7|5.0|What a directorial tour de force for Ridley Scott. Since getting hooked on the DVD format, I have come to appreciate director's more and more every day. This film is a beautiful mix of cinematic artistry, state of the art effects, powerful music by my favorite composer Hans Zimmer, fantastic acting from the entire cast and Ridley Scott weaving it all together masterfully.<BR>This genre of film has had some real tragedies and this film showed what could happen in the hands of a true craftsman like Scott. <BR>The extras are true blessing especially when it comes to the deleted scenes. In the commentary running with them Scott says they were all sacrificed for time and that is a shame as they were really fantastic even if they did end up on the cutting room floor. They added so much development to the characters especially that of Commodus played by Joaquin Phoenix. Aside from having a humorous name, (a commode is a toilet), he was really a sad man and Phoenix dialed right into the pain he felt of not having the love of his father.
0316666343|5.0|Reading &quot;The Lovely Bones&quot; was a journey for me.  Maybe it was because I read it in only a few days, or maybe it was because I threw myself into the poetic narration of a 14-year-old.  Whatever the reason, despite the dark undertones of the novel, I fell in love with this book immediately.  Although Susie's story is tough to swallow, her poignant descriptions of heaven and of her family were enough to make me want more.  I appreciated Sebold's attempt at describing what heaven might be like...the comfort of it, not necessarily the safety.  Many may find the premise of the story too difficult to get past.  But I promise that once you accept Susie's fate, you will appreciate the rest.
B00003CX5P|4.0|This was a great summer film and I'm almost embarassed to admit that I paid for the ticket price on 12 different occasions to see this movie. Partly because I wanted to see the beautiful vistas and effects that I had been dreaming of since Luke waved goodbye to Yoda, Ben and Anakin at the end of Return of the Jedi, but also to see if I was missing something from the uneven story. Lucas is a great filmmaker, but I really do think he should have let some scriptdoctors take a whack at this before he filmed it. The DVD itself is worthy of all the accolades and awards it has received although the Jar Jar edit feature mentioned by another reviewer would have been a good idea. The picture is super crisp even on my 20 year old TV and the sound is superb. Second to none!
B00008DDSC|4.0|There are a lot of trigger warnings to be had with this movie, but unless someone tricks you into watching it, you probably already know where those triggers are.  The movie is true, honest, and though it's very sensual, it's not really about sex.  It's about vulnerability and acceptance, ultimately, and it's one of my favorite movies.
B0000640S1|4.0|I remember seeing this movie on HBO as a kid after my parents went to bed early one night. It left its mark on me. As I've grown older I've come to love this film. I read the book it was based on and although it's different (ie, Rambo dies in the end by the hand of his mentor Trautman,his escape by dirt bike actually takes place with him being naked and having to supply himself from local mountain men, he's also more of a hippie in the novel whereas in the film he's a &quot;full blooded combat soldier&quot;), but that isn't such a bad thing. <BR>I really think that critics don't enough credit to Stallone for his performance in this film especially when it pertains to the final scene between Rambo and Trautman where he breaks down emotionally and recounts all of the horrors of war he has seen first hand and how special he was in Nam, but as a civilian he can't get a job parking cars. The desperation and pain he portrays as he practically begs to be forgiven for becoming a killing machine is like a son asking to be forgiven by his father.<BR>I've spoken with a lot of vets at Veteran's Hospitals and VFW's over the years as a volunteer and they always mention that in my conversations with them that this film was step in the healing process to some of them and their families. That it helped them come to as what Col. Trautman calls &quot;Full Circle&quot;.<BR>One of the best extras that I can think of is actually a commentary by the author David Morrell. It helps to explain a lot of the details that usually are glossed over in action films and makes the experience more emotionally exciting.
B00005JL78|4.0|I really came away from A.I. feeling let down and Minority Report relieved that feeling. To see how our world could very possibly look a few years from now was amazing! They really did their homework on this one and I think the story was awesome. There are some authors that don't translate well to film and not because of their lack of talent but a director's lack of vision and I think Philip K Dick would be pleased with this adaption.<BR>Aside from the technical mastery and effects wizardry, the emotional content of the film really hit me. I was really impressed with Tom Cruise's performance as a grieving father and the phone call between him and Max Von Sydow's character showed how deep the pain ran. <BR>I've heard some people talk about Spielberg's trademark \\"warm fuzzy\\" approach to this film, but would have to disagree. This film blended action, humor, drama, suspense and a serious message of free will over destiny that I think a lot of people overlooked when it hit the theaters.
B000063JDE|3.0|The opening to the film is definitely a great hook.  Taking shots of a comically clich suburban area is set perfectly to be destroyed.  After two minutes, you'll be dying to find out how the whole movie ends.  Kyle MacLachlan (who you may notice as Charlottes ex-husband from \\"Sex and the City\\") opens the film in the usual way that Lynch does so well; slowly.<br />After visiting his father in the hospital, he heads home across a field, and while looking for rocks to throw, finds a severed human ear.  Though he takes it to a police officer, things don't begin to smooth out.  He's shut-off from the case, so his only information comes from the daughter of the officer to whom he entrusted the ear to, played by Laura Dern, who assists him in trying to unlock the mystery.  It's a normal Lynch picture after that, which is to me, a good thing; a sinister mystery, with intriguing characters that seem to know much more than they're saying.  <br />One of the films main weaknesses is that it was made in the 80s and BOY can you tell.  Isabella Rossellinis poofy, stupid hair is perhaps responsible for making this movie less than it could have been.  The sex scenes are comic, and unrealistic.  I found myself laughing with reckless abandon when Rossellini demands MacLachlan take off his clothes at knife-point.  Im not immature; I didnt laugh at the same line in Eyes Wide Shut.<br />Also, the last half hour or so is DEEPLY disappointing.  At first, the movie was twisting and turning more dangerously than a poorly constructed carnival ride (in a good way).  Then, we move into the boring finale.  Its about as surprising as a Scooby-Doo episode; its exactly who you think it will be, and theres really no surprises.  Scooby-Doo at least TRIED to make you think it was someone else.  Here, its like having someone fall asleep on you, just before you both climax.  <br />See Eyes Wide Shut instead.
B000068TSI|5.0|It seems to me that the &quot;Vietnam Conflict&quot; and I use those two words loosely, has never been given the true respect that its soldiers deserved. Yes it was a political nightmare that divided our nation, but is that the fault of the soldiers who were sent there to fight it? There are a lot of things wrong in this world, but these men fought in a war that did not have the support of it's country of whom they were dying to defend their way of life and personal freedom to express their disdain for the war.<BR>These men deserve to be honored for their sacrifice and not treated as if the war was some kind of villainous action. This film does these men justice and shows the spirit of a soldier and more importantly the respect their leader should have for his soldiers.<BR>I've heard some people on other websites complain about how Gibson and Wallace rewrite their history, but if you have Hal Moore as a technical advisor don't you think he would speak up if something wasn't right?
0316666343|3.0|&quot;The Lovely Bones&quot; was great, absolutely fascinating in the beginnings of this book. but then it seemed to go on and on. The idea was good and i believe the author is talented, yet it dragged a bit while i was getting into it. the end, though, is worth it almost. just read it whether you love it or hate it.
B000092ZYY|5.0|So, many of ask: where has Radiohead gone with their fifth album release? Well to me on the first few listens of the album visions of OK Computer haunted me and thrilled me, but now it seems the closest other work to it is Amnesiac. It's incredible how close Radiohead has gotten to all their previous albums (with the exclution of Pablo Honey) while still remaining fresh and gaining a bit of speed. Not to say the album is fast-paced with ballad, Pyramid Songesque, Sail to the Moon and WSYB. Radiohead seem to take themselves less seriously without dropping the standard us fans are used to. 2 + 2 = 5 builds up to an awesome rock cruscendo with Yorke screaming &quot;run and tell the king that the sky is falling in&quot; and as far as we're conserned it could as long as we can keep listening to HTTT. Some of the best tracks include: A Wolf at the Door; Myxamatosis; WIEAYB; Backdrifts and I will. the only track the failed to impress me was The gloaming's electronic jittering which made me feel as though i was coming down off an aweful trip, but that to has kinda grown on me. Buy the album, along with the amazing special packaging: it's great.
B000002C1W|2.0|The only good songs on this album is &quot;Learning To Fly&quot; and the guitar intro to &quot;Sorrow&quot;,the rest of that song is horrible
B00004XONN|5.0|Kid A is a beautiful masterpiece. brilliantly crafted and astoundingly musical. every single note is in counterpoint with all the note playing that second. radiohead are one of the few musicians playing in the mainstream worth listenng to and making real non-formulaic music. kid a will rock you and bring you to tears. it's perfectly designed. and yet still not radioheads best. just proof that despite jealous fools attempts to bring them down because an artist they love hasn't got as much acclaim they are still one of the workds leading bands and some of mainstream's few true musicians
6304806442|5.0|great plot great acting great sounndtrack, what more do you want?
B00005JMC6|5.0|I am 64 years old and an avid movie fan -- Whale Rider is<BR>the best movie I have seen in my life.  I viewed this movie<BR>on a Qantas flight from Australia home to the United States.<BR>The first viewing I cried lika a baby and the young man across<BR>the aisle from me said this movie touched his heart. On the<BR>next leg of my flight I watched Whale Rider for the second time<BR>--with the same result. This movie made in New Zealand touches<BR>the heart.
B00009V7T2|5.0|Unlike the previous reviewer, I would have to say that this album is unbelievable. I don't know how he could say this band is a carbon copy of ATDI at all. This is some sort of experimental free jazz-psych-prog-salsa-rock, whereas Sparta just rehashes the now tired post-punk of ATDI. The only similarities between Mars Volta and ATDI are in the fact that Omar and Cedric are in both bands and thus have similar musical styles, but it ends there. I will say however that this album is not for everyone though. There are sprawling landscapes of beautiful instrumental wobbling and then furious bursts of amazingly precise rock, both of which will test the listener's musical horizons. This album is just an amazing piece of art and will hopefully bring people into new musical territory.
B00008H2LB|4.0|After three long years, Linkin Park's second studio effort is out. Although three years is a little on the long side, it's about the average time for most bands to come out with their second album.  However, when listening to Metoera, I didn't see why it took them three years to create it.  Sure, there are some amazing songs that just blow you away, (\\"Hit the floor,\\" \\"Figure .09\\") but throughout the album, you can a feel a rushed process.  Some of the songs are just exactly like songs on Hybrid Theory, with changed lyrics and titles.  The main guitar riff on \\"Don't Stay,\\" is extremly identical to the main guitar riff on \\"One Step Closer.\\"  \\"Easier to Run\\" and \\"Numb\\" are identical in form to \\"Pushing me away.\\"  Given three years to write songs, I thought they would be a LITTLE more creative than that.  They spent to much time touring, and not enough time wrtiting.<br />Songs:<BR>1. \\"Foreward\\" (4/10) Come on. 13 seconds of Rain and a bit of clanging is no way a good introduction to an album.  They should've used an instrumetal piece insetead.  This introduction would have been a lot better if it actually fit with the introduction of \\"Don't Stay.\\"<br />2. \\"Don't Stay\\" (8.5/10) This song is great, and I would give it a 9.5 or 10, if it wasn't so identical to \\"One Step Closer.\\"  This song is pretty catchy, but it's just too much like \\"One Step Closer.\\"<br />3. \\"Somewhere I belong\\" (7/10) NOT the song they should have picked for the single.  It's not a great song at all.  The chours changes only between a few notes, and it's not at all too catchy.  The bridge is the best part of the song, but it's not good enough to bring up the song.<br />4. \\"Lying From You\\" (9.5/10) This song is one of the better songs on Meteora.  It's a lot more orginal that many of the others.  It's catchy, nice, and very well done.  Unfortunatley, it gets repetative.  So don't overplay this song too much on your CD player, because you'll avoid it for a long time afterwards.<br />5. \\"Hit the Floor\\" (10/10) The best song on the album, and the most metal of all the songs on the album.  Although the verses are so-so (Mike's rapping never really has been all that great) the chours brings it up by a lot.  The screaming and mike's rapping make this song extremly catchy, and I like LP for the rock/metal part of it to, not the rap.  It's not like any other song of the album, and it doesn't sound like any song of HT either.  <br />6. \\"Easier to Run\\" (8/10)<BR>Starts out soft, and begins like \\"Pushing Me Away\\".  The chours is different that \\"Pushing Me Away\\", but the setup is the same.  The form of it though is a lot the same. The verses are sung, and then mike talks a little, and chester sings some more, and then it's the chours.  Both \\"Pushing Me Away\\" and \\"Numb\\"<br />7. \\"Faint\\" (9/10)<BR>The second sing off of Meteora. \\"Faint\\" Should have been the first single instead, because it's catchy, fast, and lovely.  The screaming in this song is great.  <br />8. \\"Figure .09\\" (9.5/10)<BR>While the title to this song makes no sense what-so-ever, \\"Figure .09\\" is probably my second favorite off Meteora. It's catchy, and it's overall well written.  \\"Figure .09\\" should be the next single off this album.<br />9. \\"Breaking the Habit\\" (9/10) <BR>I was dissapointed at first when I heard \\"Breaking the Habit\\" I expected it to be a harder song and that the orchestal parts of it would stand out a little bit more. \\"Breaking the Habit\\" is the most acoustic song on the album.  However, it's a very good song as well.  It's deathly catchy, and there is no Mike in this song what-so-ever. It's Chester's time to SHINE. I gave it a 9 out of 10, only because the orchestal parts don't stand out, and I didn't feel the \\"Six Years Worth of Work\\" put into this song.<br />10. \\"From the Inside\\" (9/10) <BR>The second song that I heard off of Meteora besides \\"Somewhere I belong\\" and the song that made me buy meteora. It's catchy, and everything is well done overall.  However, just like \\"Lying from You,\\" Don't overplay this song in your CD player<br />11. \\"Nobody's Listening\\" (2/10)<BR>Ugh.  The worst thing Linkin Park has ever made is \\"Nobody's Listening.\\" It's basically Mike's and Joe's song.  With pretty much nothing but rap.  It would be fine, if there was some more distortion in this song.  I gave it a 2 instead of a 1, beacuase of the palm muted guitars in the chours, and because of Chester's singing, trying to bring to life the worst thing LP ever made. <br />12. \\"Sessions\\" (5/10)<BR>Instrumetal piece.  It's defintaly not as good as \\"Cure for the Itch,\\" because it lacks the energy and such.  It's an OK piece, but nothing that stands out.  Joe really does a nice job in this song though.  <br />13. \\"Numb\\" (9/10)<BR>Probably my third favorite song off Meteora.  Though it does sound a lot like \\"Pushing Me Away.\\"  It's not as similar to \\"Pushing Me Away\\" as \\"Easier to Run\\" is.  It's a very catchy song, and should be a single off Meteora. It's a good song to end with, but at the end of this song, it just kind of dies.  They should have put a little more into the ending of \\"Numb\\" to end Meteora better.<br />Overall, Hybrid Theory is a better album.  Suprislingly though, Linkin Park is not doing what most people would call, \\"Selling Out.\\"  I have yet to hear \\"Somewhere I belong\\" on the radio, except on my local hard rock station.  Not on any of those Top 40 stations where I was hearing \\"In the End.\\" I believe that Linkin Park did get a little harder on this album, and that they matured in their songs.  The album is still deathly short, (37 minutes) and it feels a little rushed on some of the songs.  It's a good sophmore effort, although it has the regular \\"Sophmore Slump\\" in it, I still would recommend Meteora to any LP fan.
6304806434|5.0|\\"Con Air,\\" my favorite action movies and one of the greatest films ever is full of explosive energy. The characters are unique, the story line is original, and the acting is amazing.<br />Cage really brought the character of Cameron Poe to life. Even though his accent was a bit fake, I can't think of anyone else that could play this role. Malkovich was truly evil in the role of the cold blooded killer, Cyrus the Virus. Ving Rhames(You'll remember him as Luther Stickel in Mission: Impossible) was funny and frightening as Diamond Dogg. The now famous Dave Chappelle played the skinny guy Pinball.<br />Cusack was a little bit too much of his character, Larkin, but still did a great job. Meany was PERFECT as agent Malloy, and Gainey did great as Swamp Thing. Buscemi, using his strange appearance, was good as Garland Green.<br />The film takes you through violent and calm scenes(the most violent is a draw between either the struggle and shooting on board in the beginning or the end with the firetruck). Overall, the perfect action movie.
0792846443|5.0|Based on Stephen King's novel, &quot;Misery,&quot; this film is frightening and funny at the same time. Sheldon's expressions on his face when Annie flips out is hilarious, but when the lightening strikes and she pops out of nowhere, you go flying out of your seat.<br />Paul Sheldon(Caan) is a famous novelist. After completing a new book that does not connect with his former series, the &quot;Misery&quot; collection, he goes down a snowy hill. Sheldon loses control and crashes, flipping his car upside down.<br />He is soon rescued by Annie Wilkes(Bates) who is his number one fan. Sheldon soon finds that Annie is not the nice, caring person he thought at the beginning, but a crazy, psychopathic killer. Now his only goal is to escape the house.<br />Caan and Bates both delivered a great display of acting. Such odd roles didn't hold them back. A great movie in every aspect.
0451457994|5.0|This view of the future, and our past, is not only frightening but exhilerating. As we travel through time and space, stopping at different locations and realizing our fatal mistakes that changed our worlds, we discover how we are only good at one thing: Destroying ourselves.<br />In &quot;2001,&quot; humans believe that with every step we take in technological advancements we evade death, but the reader finds that with each breakthrough, we become closer and closer to the impending apocalypse.<br />Different characters with different problems. The man-apes with leapords and the Others. Dr. Floyd and the monolith on the moon. Dave and Frank with the evils of HAL 9000.<br />Clarke's ways of expressing his true vision of things to come and things that have been are very interesting. This book makes you think more than any other I know of.
B00004Y6NX|5.0|Dire Straits certainly has/had a number of good and great songs (&quot;Brothers In Arms&quot;, &quot;Telegraph Road&quot;, etc), but as an overall album (yes, I originally owned this on vinyl), this is by far the their best.<br />There are no bad songs and certainly no US radio hits (&quot;Skateaway&quot; being the closest) included.  There are only 7 songs - so already, most exceed the standard 3:30 single. There is no reason to list the good songs, b/c it's all seven.  Mark Knopfler is a master songwriter and guitarist.  Jimmy Iovine's production is wonderful - and possibly his best ever.<br />I did convert my album to CD, but this was before the 'original recording remaster' version.  I cannot speak to the quality of that version.  The original CD version is ok, but I'm guessing the newer has a better quality transfer.
B00008PW3Q|4.0|There's no question that this is a Lindsey Buckingham album, given that he virtually dominates the guitar and keyboards, not to mention all the writing.  Nicks seems to be happy (and doing quite well) with her writing contributions which are far more mature.  Fleetwood and McVie hang in there loyally and belt out some very, very typical Fleetwood Mac rythyms, but overcome it with some superb percussion and some fairly innovative bass work.  Of course, the public MUST have that Fleetwood Mac drum/bass combo.<br />\\"What's The World Coming To\\" and \\"Say You Will\\" are classic Mac songs and fare well, and \\"Peacekeeper\\" is also a winner, although the lyrics a tad gruesome.  Nicks hits the jackpot with her already classic, \\"Silver Girl\\", a true gem of a song and Buckingham's \\"Steal Your Heart Away\\" actually produces a great love song with a wonderful mood.<br />However, some artists still feel that with 84 minutes available on a CD, they need to fill it up.  \\"Murrow Turning Over In His Grave\\" and \\"Red Rover\\" are non-sensical fillers.  Probably meant to be creative and avant garde, they simply annoy with repitition and poorly mixed instrumentals.  Nicks vocals stay in the lower range and can sound monotonous at times and Buckingham's screeching is still not a surprise - he's better in a normal range.  Christie McVie's vocals and clever keyboards are missed here, most notably her contributions of moods to her songs.<br />But if this is the worst one can find about this album, that's not too bad and Fleetwood Mac comes out shining after all these years.  It's good to hear Nicks and Buckingham singing harmony again.  It's been missed for a long time.
B00001R3GF|4.0|Upon listening to both and measuring the graphical plot of the recording, the remastered version of the Some Girls offers approximately 5% improvement.
B000000OAN|5.0|A Night at the Opera is one of the most flawless albums ever put together by anyone... ever. It's a huge affair that is charming, operatic, rockin', progin', and even loveable. <br />The album opener is Death on Two Legs (9.5/10), a hateful yet awesome song with a cool guitar and bass riff about their former manager, followed by the silly (yet charming) Lazing on a Sunday Afternoon (7.5/10). I'm in Love With My Car (9/10) is a hard-rocker provided by Roger Taylor, whose voice is a nice contrast from Mercury's. You're My Best Friend (8/10) is a love song John Deacon wrote for his wife which has a very nice tune. '39 (7.5/10) is reminiscent of Paul McCartney, very country-ish song that is suprisingly sci-fi themed. Sweet Lady (9/10) another cool rocker, average, but great anyway. Seaside Randevouz (7.5/10) is much like Lazing on a Sunday afternoon, but maybe a bit better, except without the cool solo. The Prophet's song (10/10) is a huge, sprawling masterpiece which sports a long acapella in the middle, one of the finest songs ever cut, which melds well into the beautiful Love of My Life (9/10). Good Company (6.5/10) is the lowest point in the album for me, but it uses the ukele nicely. Bohemian Rhapsody is another huge-sprawling masterpiece, one of the best singles ever released by anyone, ever, using dozens of vocal tracks and the best pseudo-classical outro ever (excluding maybe Yes' Roundabout). The Closer &quot;God Save The Queen&quot; is a nice way to end the album, sort of like a calm after the storm of Bohemian Rhapsody.
B000089RVX|5.0|This is by far one of the best new bands I've heard come along in some time.  Amy Lee's voice has a great range and mystical sound.  The band is equally as strong-combing strings w/heavy guitars and even a choir on a few tunes.  Go out and buy this album!  What are you waiting for?  5 Stars
6303168507|4.0|Spielberg did a pretty good job on this movie, from Poland during the war to the girl in the red dress. The characters were believable, the cinematography was great, and everything fit together well. I was upset with only one thing though. In the movie, the Jews were quicker to forgive the Germans than they were to forgive the Poles. My opinion may be a little skewed, but its true. While the Poles sat defeated, and were unable to help the Jews in any way, the Germans were shooting them left and right. But when the war is over, the Jews are best friends with the Germans, but hate the Polish for not helping them. Had they realized that the Polish had been DEFEATED, they would know that there was no way they could have legally helped. Many Poles, my family included, hid the Jews from the Germans during World War II, but all that is forgotten. Because so many Jews were killed in Poland, lets all assume its the fault of the Poles. Anyway, I still gave this film four stars. Other than that one problem I had with it, I thought it was alright.
B000002H33|5.0|This album is hard and heavy but not as much as ride the lightning, &quot;ride&quot; had a more straight metal sound to it and Master of puppets starts to go into more classical rock boundaries and more instrumental and complex arrangements than &quot;Ride&quot; had.  Most fans will tell you this is the best album, I agree with them, this album is pretty good, it's a shame Cliff Burton's death would change the sound of Metallica, I like their later effors as well because I'm more open to bands changing(they haven't sold out! they're still heavy!) I just wish James Hetfield would sing like he does on this album more, he had range and presence, &quot;Justice&quot; made him just sound like a howling man.
B00005JLO2|1.0|I bought this having very much enjoyed the 1939 version which I saw many years ago.  That was a good, old-fashioned, stiff-upper-lip, spirit-that-made-an-empire rollick:  doubtless a bit politically incorrect, but on that basis I thought this would be worth a try.  It wasn't.  In hot but misguided pursuit of political correctness, Harry Faversham is no longer the hero  -  he has a wholly distressing tendency to blub  -  that role being taken by a character who does not appear (as far as I can remember) in either the book or the 1939 version.  I assume the change is in pursuit of being politically correct (and possibly increasing the audience) because the new hero is black.  Now, I have no problem with black heroes (Bad Boys and Crimson Tide, for example, are both great films), but this casting smacked of opportunism (I thought the same of the casting of Morgan Freeman in the Costner version of Robin Hood) in that the story is not enriched or made better  -  merely diluted to its detriment.  It might have worked had they made it more buddy-buddy (as they did with Robin Hood), but every time poor Heath Ledger gets into trouble along comes the new Hero and pulls his chestnuts out of the fire.  Predictable and boring  -  pretty much an epitaph for this rather sorry film.  I had hoped for better from the director of Elizabeth (which is great fun).
B000002H6C|1.0|I take back exactly what I said, Metallica is not a good band at all.  They are just a stupid thrash band that decides to play the same riffs over and over and Kirk Hammett just does fingertapping on his solos(it took me two seconds to learn how to fingertap!).  This album [stinks], James Hetfield [stinks], Jason Newsted [stinks], Kirk Hammett [stinks], and of course Lars Ulrich [stinks].  Why are you guys still around!? If you want rocking music stick to Pearl Jam, Soundgarden, and Blind Melon.
B00005NI5Y|4.0|An otherwise great album SERIOUSLY MARRED by what appears to be the THEFT of a dozen or so lines from a Japanese novel (as reported by the New York Times, Wall Street Journal and others). Whereas Dylan could have borrowed these lines under the Fair Use doctrine (as long as he gave credit to the author), apparently he chose instead to MISREPRESENT this work as entirely his own. Album would have been more appropriately entitled: &quot;LOVE OF THEFT.&quot; (Incidentally, the title of the album is ALSO the title of a novel by yet someone else -- entirely LEGAL however, as titles cannot be copyrighted.) Bonus Track that does NOT appear on this CD: &quot;Hey Mr. Novel Man, Help Write Some Songs for Me!&quot;
B00004T9UF|5.0|i have been listening to eminem ever since i was little, and i know that hes not serious about what he says,  and he doesnt want any 1 to take it seriously the thing hes tryin to say is yeh i got problems and stuff but im just here to have FUN!!And somy opinoin is  parents should let their kids listen to him if they wanna listen to him, ,if they satrt doin the stuff that marshall(eminem) is just joking about its its your fault that you havnt taught your children right from wrong and even eminem knows right from wrong becuz he wont let his own dughter listen to it!! but i think the cd was great and its my favorite of all of em  and its NOT bad unless you take it the worng way like most parents!
B00004RF8J|5.0|In 1982, Broadway released a play called \\"Little Shop of Horrors,\\" that had audiences applauding for more.  In 1984, Roger Corman legend decided to take the worst idea ever of making \\"Little Shop of Horrors\\" into a movie in less than two days! Becoming the best known movie as the worse film in recent history.  A couple years later, in 1986, \\"Little Shop of Horrors\\" become a movie musical phenomenon.  Turning this worse idea into one of the greatest things that could possibly happen in cinema history.  A movie musical that could surely having you getting up on your feet and dancing to the music.  (I know that is what I did when I just *had* to go out and by the soundtrack from the motion picture!) The new impoved camera angles and music makes you really feel something for the characters and makes you want to watch it over and over again.  I haven't been able to stop watching since I first ordered from Amazon.com! I know I've watched it more than ten times at least, I can't really remember now, I lost count after the fourth time viewing the DVD, and have gotten most of the songs memorized.  My personal favorite song is the new one that was included in the film that wasn't in the original Broadway show called, \\"Mean Green Mother From Outerspace.\\" It just has a really feel good hard rock beat to it.  Loved it, loved it, loved it! Also, other stand out songs that I should mention is: \\"Little Shop of Horrors,\\" \\"Skid Row (Downtown),\\" \\"Dentist!,\\" \\"Suddenly Seymour,\\" and \\"Suppertime.\\" Wonderfully sung songs that would have getting up off your feet and singing along with the music.  So, having this worst idea in cinema history, is now the greatest thing t o happen in cinema history.  The most remarkable scene that is remembered mostly is the Steve Martin character, the dentist.  He does a hilarious appearence as the demented dentist, really putting feeling into his character so that when his death scene comes up, you don't really need to feel sorry for the character.  Which I was glad that the bastard died in the first place, because he was just getting on my nervers.  Yet, Steve delievers that perfectly to the audience.  Also, the backup singers did a tremdous job in the film, I might would like to point out.  Without them, we would just have a story about a singing plant, a daring hero, a sweet girl, and a demented dentist.  But these gals really can sing and light up the picture, even in a dark moment in the picture.  So, regardless if this a musical, \\"Little Shop of Horrors\\" is a great film everyone should see over and over again.was glad that the bastard died in the first place, because he was just getting on my nervers.  Yet, Steve delievers that perfectly to the audience.  Also, the backup singers did a tremdous job in the film, I might would like to point out.  Without them, we would just have a story about a singing plant, a daring hero, a sweet girl, and a demented dentist.  But these gals really can sing and light up the picture, even in a dark moment in the picture.  So, regardless if this a musical, \\"Little Shop of Horrors\\" is a great film everyone should see over and over again.
B00005A0N5|2.0|THis is Nightwishs worst album. WISHMASTER, ANGELS FALL FIRST and the most recent CENTURY CHILD are all of them much. much better than OCEANBORN.<br />In OCEANBORN, it seems that Nightwish suddenly lost their touch for a while. THe songs sound all the same, the drumming is boring and repetitive, even Tarjas vocals are annoying at some point or another.<br />Well, this would be my last option if I was beginning to know Nightwish.
B000002BPS|5.0|1. Disclaimer: A very funny intro.<BR>2. Meaning of Life: A great song! I love the tune! 10/10<BR>3. Mota: I don't really like this one. It's okay 6/10<BR>4. Me & My Old Lady: A funny song about a couple who doesn't care about anything 10/10<BR>5. Cool To Hate: A really good song. Very fast paced. 10/10<BR>6. Leave It Behind: It's okay.. I didn't really like it that much 7/10<BR>7. Gone Away: Just about the best song on the CD!! 11/10<BR>8. I Choose: Another good song. Fast Paced and fun! 9/10<BR>9. Intermission: A funny break in the CD<BR>10. All I Want: A cool song that goes very fast. 9/10<BR>11. Way Down The Line: A song about growing up like your parents. Very Good! 9/10<BR>12. Don't Pick It Up: A weird song, but I like it! 9/10<BR>13. Amazed: A slow song, but it's still good. 8/10<BR>14. Change The World: Another one of my favorite Offspring songs. 10/10<br />So if you like Punk Rock, and if you like the Offspring. definitely get this!
B0000062GE|5.0|&quot;Darkest Days&quot; is a nearly flawless album by Stabbing Westward, and it's definitely the best album they ever put out.  From the beginning song, &quot;Darkest Day,&quot; to the ending song, &quot;Waking Up Beside You,&quot; Christopher Hall and the boys discover variations on the theme of loneliness, and they are truly musical, lyrical, and painful.<br />&quot;Save Yourself&quot; is one of my favorites on this album.  It's an oddly despairing, yet inspiring, song.  Hall sings about empowerment, and how he's not about to save anyone, because he can't even save himself.  Like I said; very ironic, yet very moving.  Five stars for that one.<br />Right before that is another of my favorites, the only truly &quot;happy&quot; song on this album, &quot;You Complete Me.&quot;  Here, Hall sings of the happier, quieter moments in a relationship, where people truly feel a part of one another.  Five stars for that.<br />&quot;Torn Apart&quot; and &quot;Sometimes it Hurts&quot; are both about when a relationship breaks up, and how bad it feels.  The next three songs, &quot;Drowning, &quot;Desperate Now,&quot; and &quot;Goodbye,&quot; talk about how it might be better sometimes to die than deal with all that pain.  Stabbing Westward does this mood the best in the first song, &quot;Drowning,&quot; where it's all very subdued, soft, and a real mood breaker.  &quot;Desperate Now&quot; is more like an opera, whereas &quot;Goodbye&quot; is half-and-half between the two.  Five for &quot;Drowning,&quot; four for the others.<br />The next two songs are full of anger and rage.  &quot;When I'm Dead&quot; talks about how the other person should have treated them better, while &quot;The Thing I Hate&quot; talks about how we all worry that we're turning into whatever we hate when we feel miserable.  Five stars for each of them.<br />The other songs, &quot;On Your Way Down,&quot; &quot;Everything I Touch (I Break)&quot; and the others are all excellent, nearly perfect.<br />So, as I said, it's an almost perfect album.  The only things that mar it are the occasional flatness of Christopher Hall's vocals (which could be said to be for emotional effect) and, oddly enough, the layout of the album.  It might have worked a bit better if the three down songs &quot;Goodbye,&quot; &quot;Drowning&quot; and &quot;Desperate Now&quot; weren't all lined up in a row; that lessens their impact.  In addition, putting two back to back hard rockers _after_ those three slower, sadder songs is also a bit of unusually odd packaging.  If they'd been intermingled, it would have been more of a paradigm of a relationship, as people go through many feelings quickly when a relationship ends.<br />The last song, &quot;Waking Up Beside You&quot; is probably the best song Stabbing Westward ever recorded.  It's emotionally powerful, heartwrenching, and sad.  Hall sang it to perfection, shading the lyrics a touch here and there to add emphasis.<br />It's really a shame Stabbing Westward broke up after their next, self-titled album, because they had a great deal of promise.  Still, they left us this album behind, which is better than at least 90% of everything else I've heard in the last ten years.<br />A shade under five stars, recommended.
B000066NW0|4.0|First off, if you're looking for real punk music (The Ramones, Iggy Pop et cetera) you'll be disappointed.  If you're looking for a refreshing change to the whole Britney, Nsync, bubblegum saturated pop; well then you'll probably enjoy it.  I passed this album off as pure pop drivel when it first came out.  But I caught a rerun of SNL the other night and saw her perform I'm With You.  I was highly impressed by her vocal abilities.  So I went out the next day and picked up the album.  If you're judging Avril by what you hear on the radio, you're missing some really good music from a great young vocalist.  The first 3 songs are her &quot;radio&quot; hits.  Not too impressive, musically or vocally, just catchy little dittys.  The other songs on the other hand really display her vocal abilities which are quite impressive for such a young girl.  If you're a fan of vocalists, the album is definately worth picking up for a listen.  This cd is definately not just for little teenage girls.  While that may be the main demographic they're aiming at, it's got a little something for everyone.  I wanted to found out what her vocal talents were really like.  Somehow I haven't been able to get this cd out of my cd players.  It's strangely addictive.  I think if she breaks away from the poppiness of this album (which I think will come from the 3rd or 4th album) I think we'll see what she can really do.  There's definately potential there.  If you can get past the pop, and open your ears and give it a good listen, you'll find it a pleasantly nice album to listen.
6305546789|5.0|When a little six year old boy named Micheal Myers stabs his sister in cold blood to death, then you got one Hell of a problem. John Carpenters Halloween set the standards for every slasher movie to date, John Carpenter is a genuis, Next to Remero and his Dead films. Im not to crazy about the sequels to this film, but Halloween will always be a great movie. Micheal Myers Stabs His sister to death and is sent away to a Maximum Security Hospital for life, But escapes in a stolen station wagon, driven by Dr. Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasence), Who's Mission is to find Myers and put him away for good before lives are risked. Anyway, Micheal goes after his sister Lorrie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) Who changed her Last name because of her Psycho Brother, and some of her friends who get in the way, and its up to Dr. Loomis to stop him. John Carpenter even made up the creepy music score on a piano himself. This film is as good as it can get, it gets two thumbs up.
0316666343|3.0|I have not read all of &quot;The Lovely Bones&quot; yet but what I have read so far I love. It is very interesting and it gets your attention. To think that my parents would go a couple days with out knowing where my body was or if I was even dead would be a very scary thought. For now on I will watch my brothers and sisters when I let them out. Usually I just let them go and tell them to check in but now I will keep an eye out for them. The murderer being their next door neighbor is even a freakier thought. If I had to take a second thought of one of my neighbrs like that I would not even think about talking to them oro even going to their house.
6303168507|5.0|What is there to say, except thank you Mr. Spielberg. You have brought to life, the story of a point in the history of our world that we should forget. Unfortunately, we can not nor should we. This undeniable masterpiece has been given to us as a reminder to the past that we should always embrace. Embrace not the horror but the lives of those lost. I have lost relatives in the camps, relatives I never would get to know. Still, I weep for them and try to live my life for them. I can only hope, that by some small miracle, they get to live on through me. I watch this film at least twice a month, as a way to try to understand why and what it was like. Also to remind myself, that when times get bad, there is always a spark of hope somewhere. Again, a thank you goes out to you Mr. Spielberg. HE WHO SAVES ONE LIFE, SAVES THE WORLD ENTIRE.<br />If you enjoyed this film, please, if I may....You should also see Life Is Beautiful...Roberto Benigni...same type of movie...with the same type of passion and overwhelming story telling as Schindler's.
0930289234|5.0|If you like sci fi tv shows, movies and or books, you will love this intricate comic EVEN if you do not normally read comics.
B00005JM09|3.0|T3 was a good movie that could have been great if it had only a little more plot. What there was of the plot was pretty darn good though. The acting was decent but Clare Danes really saved the movie. Her character was the most likeable one of the bunch too. For those of you who are afraid this movie will [stink] you can chill. It'll never be a classic like the first two but it's still worth your money.
078322687X|5.0|The movie, over all, is awesome. All though considered a drama there's lots of comedy in the whole movie, like when the one guy glued someone's butt cheeks together. The only part I'd complain about is how the Jock and the Punk chick fell for each other in the end.
0385335482|4.0|Confessions of a Shopaholic was a summer read that I greatly enjoyed. It was a typical wacky English book that was great at the beach or when I was traveling. This book gave me an inside look at how out of hand debt can become and taught me to handle my money well when I am living on my own. Since I am good with money, Confessions of a Shopaholic was very fusterating for me to read. It was as if I was Rebeccah Bloomwood, in a boring journalist job and greatly in debt. Some of the ways she tried to make herself feel better about being haunted by the bill colletors were rather funny; running away, getting a new job, lying to a job hunter about her abilities, cutting back on spending and many more.<BR>Often when Rebeccah was feeling bad, she just bought herself something, a little something, to make herself feel better. Whenever she spent, she boosted her spirits; basically whenever she failed, she would become stronger. I was dissapointed that she did not continue her relationship with Tarquin, but was very pleased to see how things worked out with Brandon. I also was very happy for Rebeccah when she went on Morning Coffee and all other things that happened with that.<BR>This was a fun book that taught me to be frugal, but gave me an inside look at another person striving to make their lives better. I cannot wait to read the other books!!!
B000059PPN|3.0|Well here we have yet another Lucio Fulci film. Though not quite up to the standards set by such classics as Zombie2 and The Beyond, this still manages to be a very entertaining flick with some memorable terror. This is pure pulp horror and my guess is that if you are reading this review that is just what you are looking for. If you are a fan of Giallo and Italian horror then this is a must see.<BR>One particularly memorable scene as pointed out by many is the one involving a maid mopping up a considerable amount of gore and the mistress of the house enquiring as to what she is doing. Her response: &quot;I made coffee&quot;. Could this be Fulci trying to demonstrate the breakdown of communication in modern day families and households! Ha! I'm just kidding! Do not waste your time with overanalisys but simply allow yourself to be entertained as the realm of taboos is once again exploited by good old Itallian Horror.
B00005JLEU|5.0|I am in my thirties.  I love this film and I asked my dad to watch it with me.   He was very reluctant at first because he disliked anime.   I asked him to watch just 15 miutes of it and he could quit after that.   He became so enthralled by this film that he watched the whole movie twice in succession (once in England and once in Japanese with the English subtitle) !<br />Nearly every scene of the film is a beautiful painting.  It is all hand-painted with great care, unlike the usual American anime that is computer generated.    The painting in this film is typical of the oriental style -- the paintings try to capture the essence rather than the exact likeness.<br />I feel this is the greatest film that I have seen in recent years.  It teaches very valuable life lessons without preaching.  Though Chihiro is not very outwardly beautiful,  the inner strength of her heart makes her truly shine.  I was deeply moved by this story.
B00005JLWN|5.0|I thought this movie was absoulutely great.  I can't believe the critics were as harsh on it as they were.  And anyways, why let what someone else says influence your movie viewing choices?  Anyways, I thought this movie had a brilliant script, and the acting was superb.  The thing that set this movie apart from others is that it had a very intense emotional overtone to it, coupled with great action scenes.  I thought this movie rivaled the Matrix, and even surpassed it in terms of moral overtones in an action movie.  I feel it shouldn't have been compared to The Matrix as much as it was.  Great movie, and sets it apart in its own action-oriented genre through extreme emotional overtones.  One of my fave movies.
0316666343|2.0|This book started out with an interesting premise.  I had high hopes, but the story was shallow, incomplete and hard to believe . Comments on the book's jacket described it in part as &quot;funny&quot;.  I didn't see anything even remotely funny here.   I finished it only for the payoff at the end, but there was none.  This book didn't deliver. I wouldn't suggest you waste your time.
B00007KWHN|4.0|This is where Yes truly began. The first two albums were just messing around, and Steve Howe makes all the difference here.  With the remastering, this album has never sounded better. That said, it always lacked sparkle - compare the sound with Topographic Oceans or Relayer where the band undoubtably had access to better gear. The real Yes Album is part of Yessongs, where the live versions just blow away this release.  Still, this is the blueprint for everything Yes did later on.  Even non-Yes fans buy this album, and I think it contains their best two songs in Yours Is No Disgrace and Starship Trooper.  All Good People keeps turning up in movies, FM radio compilations etc. and is also good stuff.  The bonus \\"single versions\\" are a waste of space.  Why not include live versions?  The previously unnreleased studio version of Clap is good, and has a bit of Mood For A Day from the Fragile album.  I don't think Yes had many outtakes to include on these remasters.  Still, in 2006 we'll probably get the 35th anniversary edition with a bonus disc containing radio versions or rehearsals or demos or alternate versions or....nevermind, get this one anyway.  Great album.
B000002WPI|5.0|Wu-Tang Clans 1993 debut group album \\"Enter the Wu-Tang\\" is a hiphop classic. How many nine member groups drop classics other than Wu, Zero. Wu-Tang consists of: RZA, GZA, Ol' Dirty Bastard Raekwon, U-God, Ghostface Killah, Inspectah Deck, Method Man, Masta Killa. Ten years later all of these artists are well known- some more then others, there have been four more group albums, and all have dropped solo albums. \\"Enter the Wu-Tang\\"  remains there best collective work in my opinion. A short but substantial twelve tracks with all production coming from RZA. First track \\"Bring Da Ruckus\\" starts off with a Kung Fu sample which leads into a distinct hardcore grimy track. \\"Shame on a N****\\" introduced me to ODB who comes across crazy on this one. \\"Clan in Da Front\\" is an introduction to all the Wu members, and the Wu's extended family, midway GZA drops killer verses. \\"Wu-Tang: 7th Chamber\\" is a six minute track which features all nine members, never had seen so many mcs on one track before with a simple dark background beat. \\"Can it all be so Simple\\" uses a more relaxed beat, and some distant background female vocals. \\"Mystery of Chessboxin'\\" is a fast paced track where the Killa Bees come out on attack, with dope choruses like \\"my people's are you with me where you at..\\".  \\"Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing ta F' Wit\\", name of track is also the chorus, the beat which rises is sick, and has the Wu giving shout outs to all there peoples.  \\"C.R.E.A.M.\\" is one of my all time favourite Wu songs, Method Man drops the deadly addictive chorus of \\"Cash, Rules, Everything, Around, Me C.R.E.A.M. Get the money Dollar, dollar bill y'all\\" while Raekwon and Inspectah Deck lace the track with memorable verses about growing up poor, prison, drugs and survival. \\"Method Man\\" is the albums only solo track, use of a sick piano loop combined with Meth's chorus of his name make it a very nice track. \\"Protect Ya Neck\\" is the track that helped the Wu become well known, features all nine members, not myfavourite cut but like every track on this album very nice. \\"Tearz\\" is a sad track which has GZA and RZA talking about the wrong routes two young men take, samples a soul song. Albums closer is \\"Wu-Tang 7th Chamber Part II\\"  a remix of earlier track, with an accelerated beat. Album's continuity is excellent, every track has alot of replay value. Highly recommend \\"Enter the Wu-Tang\\"  a superior album worthy of every hiphop collection.
B00006879E|2.0|I bought the Maroon 5 cd when I heard they were having a free concert in town. I recognized Harder to Breathe, and it was tolerable but definitely not a musical gem. The majority of the cd was a real disappointment, and I was on the verge of throwing it in my \\"[unacceptable]\\" cd pile when Sunday Morning came on. It was different, had lost that annoying boy band sound that sticks to the other tracks. I listened again, and they do have some songs that are reminiscent of Sunday Morning, but not of the same quality. In my opinion, if Maroon 5 moved more into the direction of these jazzier sounding songs they would be so much more successful.
B00000294R|5.0|Yo,Big L. is a great rapper...When i heard &quot;Put It On&quot; i was very impressed,this track is fat.L was one of the most talented emceez that i ever knew.R.I.P Big L.!
B00008H2LB|5.0|I love this CD.  Even though some say that all the songs sound the same...I beg to differ.  They are all the same style, but they all are very different in their own right.  I'm going through and rating them...1/10.  <br />1. Forward: Great opening to Don't Stay, blends perfectly..only 13 sec. 9/10 <br />2. Don't Stay: Good song, I love the scratching in the backround in the beginning, and how it builds to the beginning of the first verse 8/10<br />3. Somewhere I Belong: Their single, as you probably know.  Great song, but there are better.  The verses try to hard to be like &quot;In the End&quot;...but I like the chorus. 7/10<br />4. Lying From You: I like the music more then the lyrics here...I don't know why, but this song doesn't really grab me.  The rapping and sing/screaming in the chorus has a nice effect. 7.5/10<br />5. Hit the Floor: Much more rap then most of the other songs, but still good.  6/10<br />6. Easier to Run: Excellent song.  Chester's singing on here is beautiful.  And when there is a soft singing harmony over the rapping...it gives me goosebumps.  The bridge fits wonderfully, and the lyrics are very real, and the song has so much emotion.  One of the best tracks. 10/10<br />7. Faint: Another of my favorites...it's such a dramatic change from the previous track, it is fast paced and a great song.  They lyrics are really good too. 9.5/10<br />8. Figure.09: This song builds in the beginning, like &quot;Don't Stay&quot;, and builds up to the verse, where it backs off.  Good guitar patterns...at the end of verses, it mixes it up the predicability of the guitar part, which is good to hear. 9/10<br />9. Breaking the Habit: This in my opinion is the best song on the whole CD.  Strings are thrown into the mix, and it works wonderfully with the rest of the song.  The lyrics are beautiful and Chester's singing is amazing.  10/10<br />10. From the Inside: Good song, lyrics are good...piano good...everything works and the song just flows.  I love the contrast between verses and the chorus 9/10<br />11. Nobody's Listening: Total rap, besides the chorus...I like the flute.  (But I'm a flute player so I'm a bit biased...) If I didn't play the flute, I'd probably like this song less.  So...5/10, a skipper to most.<br />12. Session: Very good, not as good as &quot;Cure for the Itch&quot; on Hybrid, but still amazing.  8/10<br />13. Numb: A slower song, still good though.  It doesn't grab me as much, but I still love it. 7/10<br />So overall, this CD is amazing.  Lyrically it is amazing, and the music is great too.  The only complaint is the shortness of the album!  37 minutes is very short.  But it is all good music, so I guess I will live.<br />And another thing that I LOVE about this CD is how they made it to sound that all the songs are blended together.  Like at the end of one track, you will get a hint of the upcoming track before it hits.  And it all flows together, and I love that.<br />I recommend this CD to anyone who liked Hybrid Theory.  It is a lot of the same style, but more deep and...better, I guess.  This CD is a step up from HT, but in the same vain.
B000025K44|4.0|Michael Jackson's first solo album, released at the peak of the Jackson Five's popularity, is a mixed bag of covers and originals.  Surprisingly, the sound of this album is vastly different than that of the J5, although the brothers appear on a few tracks as background singers.  This is very light, gentle fare that perfectly suits Michael's then-13-year-old voice.  Unfortunately, Motown's studio backup singers are much older than Michael and the blend is, at times, an odd one.  Michael's pure talent and conviction saves a few otherwise dry arrangements (&quot;You've Got a Friend,&quot; &quot;Wings of my Love&quot;) and simply amazes on the THREE hit singles (&quot;Got to be There,&quot; &quot;Rockin' Robin,&quot; and &quot;I Wanna be Where You Are&quot;).  On four tracks, Michael interjects much too-rehearsed spoken lyrics that ruin otherwise enjoyable songs.  Cheeziness aside, this is a decent album which definitely rises above &quot;kiddie&quot; status, despite Michael's age at the time.  Check it out, it's worth it.  Hopefully Motown will re-release his solo albums in two-for-one packages like they did with the J5 albums and bonus tracks!
B00006879E|5.0|Maroon 5's &quot;Songs About Jane&quot; is a great CD for anyone who enjoys good rock music.  I recommend it to everyone who wants a little grit in their music.
B00000DI2T|3.0|Although I am a fan of Bernstein's Mahler, I would not recommend this set, especially at its price point. Why do I say this? First, during the last few years of his career (and also, his life), the period in which these recordings were made and where he became increasingly beset by health problems, is riddled by performances in which Bernstein's ability to take great romantic pieces, in this case, the Mahler symphonies, to their emotional and dramatic extremes has degenerated into a heavy handed, enervating self indulgence, marked by dragging tempos and mannered, pompous distentions of phrasing. Secondly, because for the price of two hundred dollars for the set and on DVD (or twenty nine dollars per disc if purchased separately), there are available from the Leonard Bernstein zShop at the amazon.com site live accounts from the early and middle 1970s by Bernstein conducting the Vienna Philharmonic (with the exception of the second symphony being with the London Symphony) of all of the symphonies (but not any of the song cycles). Those performances retain the energy, vigor and intensity of his groundbreaking 1960s cycle, but with added nuance and depth of expression, together with more beautiful and sensitive orchestral playing, and also, a warmer, more full bodied sound (all are in stereo) than one gets from the often dry sounding 1960s studio recordings. Two hundred is expensive, granted, but it is not that much more than the Mahler symphony sets at full price, and, moreover, you get to see as well as hear Bernstein conduct, which is a treat in itself (the videos are in quite decent color). Unfortunately, these recordings have not been issued domestically. The only drawback is that the notes for these recordings, which are imports from Japan, are only in Japanese. Nevertheless, I would strongly recommend that set, for the performances contained therein represent Bernstein at his apogee in this music.
B00005JLSE|5.0|This movie was one of the best movies i have seen. All the songs were great..and entertaining. Catherine Zeta Jones i thought was great. The movie wouldn't be the same without her. SHe was unbelievable. I guess you have to like musicals to like this movie but it was great. I liked how they included the musical numbers into the story. It was wonderful!
B00005JLEX|5.0|If there was ever a sitcom that should be on dvd and in my opinion would make the collection of several dvd collections it would be Seinfeld. There were days that didn't go well for me but when I put Seinfeld on my tv I laughed and forgot my worries. So Jerry please release your awesome show and let us all relive the laughs we enjoyed throughout the 90's.
B000002UAU|2.0|This should have been released as a single with side A - Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, and Side B - A Day in the Life.<br />The rest of this offering is just mediocre - Within You Without You, Mr. Kite, Fixing A Hole, etc.  Anyone who says that they are just discovering the Beatles and are impressed by this is exaggerating. It's just not that great.
B000002HJD|5.0|Rock N'Roll never produced or had a better poet than Jim Morrison. &quot;An American Prayer&quot; is recorded proof that there was more to his image than just black leather pants and a menacing, highly influential stage presence. First and foremost he wanted to be perceived as a poet, and soley from his work with The Doors in their four studio albums many people perceived him to be one, consider the artists who took from his influence such as Patti Smith and Jim Carroll, artists who also found music as a way to project their poetry. Though Morrison was and is still today more potent as a rock icon, &quot;An American Prayer&quot; shows us he was a serious writer and liked to play with words, combine them, make them come alive with searing images and moods. Yet the music is also very evocative, Doors members Ray Manzarek, Robby Krieger and John Densmore create an evocative blanket of sound for the words, they obviously cared for the material. This is, after all, not an easy album to produce at all when you consider it was made after Morrison died and so combining his words to the music was more complicated a task than if he were alive. The album plays like a ceremony of words, the opening even features Morrison screaming for us to &quot;wake up!&quot; &quot;Ghost Song&quot; follows as a rhythmic tribal invocation with some of the most evocative poetry found in the album. There is a moment of wonderful insight where Morrison in an interview mentions the incident where he and his family encountered a crash in the New Mexico desert where indians were the victims and he felt the presence of their spirits jump into him. This of course adds to the shamanistic aura of the Morrison myth (a presence modern performers such as Godsmack's Sully Erna and Soundgarden's Chris Cornell have tried to duplicate, Cornell with some success). The album runs like a collection of stories and images, some parts are gritty and chilling, some violent and philosophical at the same time as when Morrison recites &quot;lying on stained, wretched sheets with a bleeding virgin, we could plan a murder, or start a religion.&quot; Some parts are atmospheric in a cinematic style as in &quot;The Movie&quot; where Morrison speaks of being part of an audience seating in a movie theater. &quot;Hour For Magic&quot; is one of the best cuts, an evocative recitation to the music of &quot;The End&quot; while &quot;The Hitchhiker&quot; is a sinister moment where Morrison makes a phone call and describes killing someone while &quot;Riders On The Storm&quot; plays in the background. What Morrison achieves here is the kind of revolutionary, beat-poet feel writers like William S. Burroughs and Jack Kerouac evoked so well. And like them, he does not deliver poetry that is academic or standard, this is true writing that comes from Morrison's heart, his mind and his spirit as a writer trying to achieve transcendence through art, which is what he also sought through the Doors' music. &quot;An American Prayer&quot; is epic, powerful and an unforgettable experience of true, modern poetry delivered by one of the 20th century's most important artists.
B000002UAO|1.0|Michelle (re-recorded by countless easy listening artists), You Won't See Me (popular cover version by Anne Murray), In My Life (a popular instrumental tune) are all available without buying this CD.  You can hear these at your dentist's office or in most elevators over the muzak system.<br />Really tough to find a great song on this one.
B00005JLEU|5.0|Spirited Away is a wonderful, gorgeous movie.  It is the best anime I have ever seen and it may just be the best movie I have ever seen.  I waited until the DVD release so that I could watch the version in Japanese, with subtitles.  Even my five-year-old brother, who can't read yet and is therefore usually bored when I watch anime, sat through the entire thing in Japanese several times and loved it.<br />Chihiro is an average ten-year-old girl who is moving, and like most ten-year-old girls in this situation, doesn't want to.  She sits in the back of her car, depressed, when her father makes a wrong turn.  They enter a tunnel and go into a mysterious town, where her parents begin to eat the food.  Chihiro looks around a bit, and then a strange boy comes up to her, yelling at her, &quot;Get out of here!  It's almost night!  Go back across the river, hurry!&quot;  Chihiro runs back to her parents to find they have turned into pigs; it is getting dark and strange creatures are roaming about.  Naturally, she is frightened.  The boy, who is called Haku, tells her to find work with Kamaji, who in turn tells her to go to Yubaba, the witch that rules.  Chihiro gets work, and her name is changed to Sen.<br />The journey that Sen/Chihiro embarks upon is amazing.  She meets the most interesting cast of characters, and by the end, has everyone on her side.  From Haku, who she feels a mysterious connection with, to the odd Kao-nashi (No-Face), the world is inhabited with the most interesting people and...creatures.  Chihiro's biggest journey is her journey as a person.  She becomes very different from who she was before.  I think this movie should be mandatory viewing for every young child before they can grow up into the &quot;sad&quot; young children of today.  (Okay, I'm not *that* old myself, but anyhow...)<br />As for the younger set...parents should determine whether it would be scary or not for their child.  I think most children would be fine with it, but I would recommend parental viewing of this DVD first if you are unsure.  My brother, who is scared of many things and has nightmares, enjoyed the movie very much.  <br />I would recommend this to anyone, also the soundtrack, which I own.  It's very beautiful.
B00005JM09|5.0|This movie was awesome. Just because there was no James Cameron or Linda Hamilton dont mean the movie will bomb. This movie was actually pretty good. It had more action than the last one. It had a better story to it.And Arnold is back and doing better than ever. And it has a hot sexy woman as a bad terminator out to kill John Connor. Johnathan Mostow did a great job directing this movie. I wouldnt say it is better than T2, it was about the same. GO SEE T3! YOU WONT BE DISSAPOINTED
B000005HN6|5.0|The debut album from one of the greatest bands in music in a long long time, Orchid is possibly the most difficult to appreciate. Its lacks the attention grabbing acoustic passages from Morningrise or the heavy melodic riffs of the remaining albums. The singing(especially the death vocals) is not on par with its sucessors. However, it is the most distinctively Opethian album, that they have released. The songs here, feel like long meandering rivers slowly flowing onward. While having influences from diverse generes, this ablum bears no similarities to albums in those generes. The acoustic passages and riffs seem bland at first glance but this very reason gives the ablum longevity (even for an Opeth ablum that is). When I bought the ablum along with Still Life and Morningrise it got the least preference for around the first two months but is now as favoured as the rest. The songs are long, and don't stick to any one tune, more like some five or six songs combined to form the 10+ minute epics. All the songs in the album excluding the instrumentals are somewhat similar at first, but begin to stand out with succesive listens. 'Twilight is My Robe' is one of the relatively more accesible songs with the remaining long songs following in a similar vein. Then sometimes, out of nowhere come awesome solos like in the middle of 'Forest of October' giving a preview of the talent of the band. Some groovy/melodic riffs are also used in places but never satisfyingly explored, never climaxing or leading to headbanging sessions. They leave sections hanging just when you are just getting into it, giving a kind of weird pleasure that is hard to explain. 'Silhouette' is a brilliant, intense instrumental employing only the piano. 'Requiem' is a short instrumental with acoustic passages similar to those in Morningrise (This should be the song you should check out if you are still undecided about getting this album). The songs feel unforced and unrestrained and never drag or get repetitive (which is a hallmark of Opeth). Again, the songs don't feel as if they were methodically worked out or rehearsed. More like they got together with the lyrics to the songs, and a few basic tunes and made songs out of them. As is the case with all Opeth albums the lyrics are excellent and convey a feeling beautiful melancholy though I don't really understand their meanings much. I used to consider this album to be the worst that Opeth had made, but now feel that it is as excellent as everything else they have put out. Opeth have a different sound for all their albums, and so unlike other bands, each of their albums give the listener something new to love. If you like this album do give a listen to Agalloch's Pale Folklore, which has a sound very similar to this album.
B00008S2VG|4.0|I actually think &quot;American Life&quot; is a pretty good album. By Madonna's usual standards, the album has performed well sales-wise which is a shame. It's somewhat understandable though. The album is a more underground album anyways...sorta like &quot;Erotica&quot; was. I still like it much more than &quot;Music.&quot; <br />The first track &quot;American Life&quot; has become one of my fave Madonna tracks. It's fabulously catchy and she sounds great on it *who couldn't love her rap?* Radio avoided it like the plague, though. I guess it's better that it didn't get overplayed. &quot;Hollywood&quot; is the third single and is decent. Hopefully it will do better than AL did. &quot;Nothings Fails&quot; is a great track and the gospel choir is a great addition. I love &quot;Intervention&quot; too with its acoustic ballad feel and Madonna sounds great on it. &quot;Die Another Day&quot; was the first single and was a pretty big hit for Madonna hitting the top 10 on the pop charts. I loved the orchestration in the backround. The last track &quot;Easy Ride&quot; is the final album highlight. Another acoustic ballad with a wonderful orchestration backround. The rest of the tracks are more electronic/techno-ish much like the &quot;Music&quot; album was. <br />So maybe this album doesn't live up to such Madonna masterworks like &quot;Like A Prayer&quot;, &quot;Like A Virgin&quot;, and &quot;Ray of Light&quot;, but it's still a great album. It deserves more credit.
B0000584V3|5.0|This is the album that really shows the immensity of the songs that Opeth put out. The sound in this album is tighter, heavier and more refined than in their earlier efforts. However if you haven't heard Opeth before... well. Opeth are a band that meld heavy and speedy music with clam and beautiful passages, but they do it better than EVERYONE else. You don't have to like heavy/death metal or have the patience to listen to 10 minute songs to love Opeth. They are just so good. As is becoming a rule with them, this album too doesn't have a single weak song. Every song gives has something different. Even though the lengths of these songs is more apparent on this album, the songs never drag. Interestingly, the bass pedals that were so porminent in their earlier albums aren't used so much here.<BR>The opener 'Leper Affinity' is somewhat similar to 'April Ethereal' or 'When' from My Arms Your Hearse, though much more intense. 'Bleak' (having excellent backing vocals by Porcupine Tree's Steve Wilson) and 'Blackwater Park' are the defining songs of the album and have a fuller sound. 'Harvest' is an all acoustic ballad which seems to be quite popular with the reviewers here. 'The Drapery Falls' is a beautiful meandering epic with both heavy and quite passages, and employs the far away vocal effect quite a lot (maybe a Porcupine Tree influence). Despite its beautiful acoustic section, 'Dirge for November' doesn't particularly stand out among the general awesomeness of the other songs. 'Patterns in the Ivy'[instrumental] is yet another example of the depth and atmosphere they are able to create, employing only guitars and piano.<BR>My favourite song here is 'The Funeral Portrait' which is probably the most uniformly heavy song they have put out and featuring extremely catchy riffing and an excellent clean chorus towards the end.<BR>However, I would recommend getting the Limited Edition (2 CD set) of this album containing the songs 'Still Day Beneath the Sun' and 'Patterns in the Ivy II' : short songs,clean vocals in a higher pitch and no drums, something Opeth haven't done very often. If you get find it then download it off the net or something but don't miss out on the aforementioned songs. <BR>I find in irritating that Opeth are generally clubbed with bands like In Flames/Dark Tranquility/Soilwork/Children of Bodom (good as they are) which are really power metal bands with harsh vocals or prog bands like Pain of Salvation (poor as it is). Bands like Nile, Novembre, Agalloch and Lilitu are more in league with Opeth.
B00005Q45W|5.0|Pure emotion.  Life is lived throughout this entire CD.  You can't get any purer than Cohen.
B00005JLRT|5.0|I'm very surprised by the customer reviews that I've just read.  I just watched the movie last night and feel that this is the best Trek since Wrath of Khan.  I do like First Contact but felt that this one had an even deeper plot and wider storyline.  The action and effects were fantastic.  I've always thought that STTNG was lacking in the number of battle scenes, though I loved the series and have begun acquiring the series on DVD.
B00005JMC6|5.0|A moving story about tradition, stereotypes, love and heart.<BR>Of all the movies I have seen this summer and that is quite a few, I left this film feeling as if I had received a beautiful gift.
B000099T2L|5.0|Beyonce Knowles, everyone knows her as the lead singer of Destiny's Child.  When I heard that she was going to release a solo album I was excited because she is a great singer.  However, I figured it would be weak without Kelly and Michelle backing her.  I was wrong, this album is better than any Destiny's Child album made (The Writings On The Wall is close though).  I like just about every song on the album.  Especially, \\"Crazy in Love\\" \\"Naughty Girl\\" \\"Signs\\" \\"The Closer I Get To You\\" and \\"Dangerously In Love 2.\\"  Here are my song by song ratings:<br />1.  Crazy in Love- (10/10)<BR>2.  Naughty Girl- (10/10)<BR>3.  Baby Boy- (9/10)<BR>4.  Hip Hop Star- (7/10)<BR>5.  Be With You- (10/10)<BR>6.  Me, Myself and I- (9/10)<BR>7.  Yes- (6/10)<BR>8.  Signs- (12/10)<BR>9.  Speechless- (9/10)<BR>10. That's How You Like It- (10/10)<BR>11. The Closer I Get To You- (15/10)<BR>12. Dangerously in Love 2- (10/10)<BR>13. Beyonce' Interlude- (no rating)<BR>14. Gift From Virgo- (7/10)<BR>15. Daddy- (no rating, it's a \\"hidden track\\")<br />Overall this album is amazing and definitely worth every cent.  Purchase this CD today, you won't be disapointed.
B00005JM09|3.0|If you want a tragedy see this film.  I left the movie theater with a sense of doom thanks to the ending.  All I could think is that there better be another terminator film showing how Conner wins the future war.  Cause if this is all that is of the Terminator series then I will be mad.  This movie has an open ended ending.  I hated how this movie killed Cameron's story of preventing the future war.  Oh and then it's decided that the war is really a result of a virus infecting Skynet.  The movie was way too short for me too. 1 hour and 50 min Come on!!  There really needs to be a fourth cleaver film.  Something to shed light on the future war, the origin of the virus, maybe even have a storyline involving stopping whoever put the virus in cyberspace in the firstplace.  Now since Conner knows that he is killed by the T-100 (Arnold) terminator in 2035 now maybe they can involve a story line in preventing that.  Something!! That or make a fourth film that discredits the third film saying that the third film was just one possible future for John Conner.  I don't know I just don't want the series to end on the climax of this film.
0451191153|3.0|I have never quite understood Americans' obsession with Ayn Rand.  I read Atlas Shrugged about 25 years ago and found it to be an overwritten bore.  Some interesting points, but certainly not worth the effort of 1100 plus pages to pour through it all.  Admittedly, the Fountainhead reads far better than Atlas, but it still suffers the typical Rand oversimplification plague:  Her contention about the evils of collectivism is so wrought with emotion, that her dialog ends up being incredibly superficial.  When the Stanton Dean contends that &quot;everything worth doing has already been done&quot; it just doesn't ring true.  What 20th century person of ANY intelligence would ever say that phrase with a straight face?  Collectivism or not, I have never met anyone who believes that, in or out of the education ranks.  <br />The art of good writing is to show strong aspects of both sides of the debate.  Ayn Rand is so fervently on one side, she actually derails her entire argument.  Roark and Keating are nothing but bad caricatures, rather than flesh and blood characters.  There's no depth to Rand's ideas.  Even her introduction to the 25th edition (1968) has a lot sour grapes dripping all over it, although for what reason I am not so sure.  I guess the 1960's were probably a bummer for Rand.  The hippie generation's central theme was everyone getting together (hence, a form of collectivism, ouch, Ayn!).  <br />Had Ayn Rand lived into this century, she probably would have been ecstatic with FOX NEWS and Rush Limbaugh (or Sean Hannity, for that matter) could have been her real life Howard Roark(s) model.
B00005YW4H|5.0|Norah combines new songs and updates a few oldies to really enthrall listeners.  Her pure clear voice is enticing to listen to, and track 9 with her sultry voice evokes emotion.  What a treat to listen to.
B00005JLSE|5.0|As a musical theater purist, I was concerned that a movie musical with 3 of Hollywoods A list stars would be a hinderance rather than a help in the \\"revival\\" of the genre. I must say that I was blown away by the sheer genius and excellence of the film. <BR>   Catherine Zeta-Jones' Velma was equal to, if not better than Bebe Neuwerth's ( Brodway revival). Her beautiful voice and masterful dance skill is worthy of the great white way. A Tony may have been a more appropriate award as opposed to her much deserved Oscar. Although Rene Zellwegers voice was a little shaky in the begining she brought out a tough side in Roxy that was not there in neither the original nor the revival stage versions. Then my biggest fear, Richard Gere as Billy Flinn, was in a word perfect. You can't ask for a better fit, and what a shocker to see that wonderful tapdance!<BR>      With great costumes,Fosse-like choreography, expert lighting and singing (by many broadway veterans in the chours as extras) this dark comedy shines. Also with great cameos and supporting performances by the great Chita Rivera ( original broadway cast),John C. Reily (oscar nominated),Lucy Liu, and Christine Baranski this film shines as one of the greatest ever made, not just as a musical, but as a film. Rob Marshall's directorial debut deserves all of it's accolades...and all that jazz.
B000002C1W|5.0|I've enjoyed this album over and over for several years now, and while DSOTM is of course the benchmark I find myself favoring this one more.<br />I come away each time with the vague musical impression that I've watched a very good movie; at times, the tracks sound like songs from a soundtrack but not in a bad way.<br />Imagine a disc where, if you relax and just listen, forms images within your mind. Here it is, and as I said just slightly moreso than DSOTM (but don't kill me; I still think DSOTM is the most creative of thier albums).<br />\\"Momentary Lapse of Reason\\" brings me to mind of a passionate romance between a boy and a girl riding motorcycles along the California coast. \\"Dogs of War\\" shifts between Wall Street predators and thier true forms.<br />Like that, see?<br />Buy it. Play it. Imagine.
B000021YQV|5.0|I loved this CD from day one and listened to it for hours daily for about 6 months. Every song is worth listening to, and there is a great variety. System's lyrics are smart and political, far from N Metal. THIS IS NOT N METAL! Following are song-by-song reviews. Every song is a minute or two too short for my taste, but it's great.<br />1.\\"Prison Song\\": Great song, but it gets old fast. 3/5<BR>2.\\"Needles\\": I didn't like this at first, but now it's one of my favorites. 5/5<BR>3.\\"Deer Dance\\": Excellent anti-violence song. 5/5<BR>4.\\"Jet Pilot\\": Humorous, I don't know if it was meant to be. 4/5<BR>5.\\"X\\": VERY short, but that may be a good thing. 3/5<BR>6.\\"Chop Suey!\\":  Fun and fast. 5/5<BR>7.\\"Bounce\\": Ballad of Serj taking a pogo stick along on his date. 4/5<BR>8.\\"Forest\\": A great song, simple as that. 5/5<BR>9.\\"Atwa\\": See above. 5/5<BR>10.\\"Science\\" the chorus gets a bit tiring, but still great. 4/5<BR>11.\\"Shimmy\\" Ahhh yes, the greatest on the album. 5/5<br />12.\\"Toxicity\\": Great, Great, Great, Great! 5/5<BR>13:\\"Psycho\\": This is slow-paced and I wish there were more like it. 5/5<BR>14:\\"Aerials\\": Most albums have this, the last track that's different from all the other ones by far, and usually grows on you the most. 4/5<br />One of the \\"Must-Haves\\"
B00008NRI7|1.0|I rented this movie because it didn't look good enough to see in the theater.  I was right.  Actually, it wasn't worth the price of the rental, either.  Best to wait for it to be on ABC or something.  There were a few funny moments, but overall the writing wasn't very good, the acting was pretty bad (Hugh did a decent job, but Sandra seemed, as my husband put it, like a bit of an ice queen), and I could gather no real chemistry between them.  They seemed like good friends, but the film didn't convince me that there was any real attraction between them.  Overall boring.
B00007E8V4|4.0|System is relying less on screams from Serj and more on guitars from Daron to make the heaviness as the years go on, allowing Serj's singing voice to become greater by the day. I find each album more and more addicting and can't wait for the next. The album is a collection of System over the years re-recorded so the fans can legally get their hands on the unreleased stuff and is made to look like a burnt disc.(There is no booklet and the case is white with the tracks listed to look as if they were written in Sharpie,) Following are song-by-song reviews of this album.<br />1.\\"Chic 'n' Stu\\": Amazon actually spelled this wrong, but as far as the song, it reminds me alot of \\"Bounce\\" on Toxicity. 3/5<BR>2.\\"Innervision\\": I love this song just for Serj's singing.4/5<BR>3.\\"Bubbles\\": I hated this song, but it's grown to be a favorite. 5/5<BR>4.\\"Boom!\\": A very god anti-war song, it should be played more on the radio. 4/5<BR>5.\\"NGuns\\" Another Amazon error, but this time it's on a great song. 5/5<BR>6.\\"A.D.D.\\": Stands for \\"American Dream Disorder\\" And is a great song, crying out against the american way of conformity. 5/5<BR>7.\\"Mr. Jack\\": Very heavy ballad of a drug dealer's demise. 4/5<BR>8.\\"I-E-A-I-A-I-O\\": A quick-changing track with Serj almost rapping in parts. Original and a nice break from the rest of the album. 4/5<BR>9.\\"36\\": Yup, the filler track... 1/5<BR>10.\\"Pictures\\": I absolutely love it when it really slows down and Serj and Daron scream then it switches back. 5/5<BR>11.\\"Highway Song\\": The first song I heard, this is what convinced me to buy this. A softer song where Serj can sing more.<BR>12.\\"F**k The System\\": I like when Serj scats in parts, and not much else. 3/5<BR>13.\\"Ego Brain\\": This is THE best on the album. Probably one of the best System's ever made. Starts off acoustic and soft, then explodes into heavy electric guitar. 5/5<BR>14.\\"Thetawaves\\": The final four on this album are great, this is no exception. 4/5<BR>15.\\"Roulette\\": An acoustic featuring onlyDaron and Serj. Very easy on the ears yet entertaining to listen to. 5/5<BR>16.\\"Streamline\\" An excellent song to end the album on, an excellent song period. 5/5.
B00005JL78|5.0|An absolutely spellbinding experience to watch.  Chilling to the core.  A beautififul portrayal of the future, and great plot based on the novel.  Tom Cruise performs better in this film than in any of the Mission Impossible films to date.  Stephen Speilberg's genius shows though every aspect of this film.  And what better touch than John William's music adding luster to the magnificent camera shots and colors portrayed in the film.  Bravo, Speilberg!
B00005B36H|4.0|And it's a great change. The songs in this album are considerably logner and yet still more enjoyable. While much of the Cd is filler tracks, the true songs are great. My favorite Tool song of all time is \\"Lateralis\\". The songs no onger have the sameness they did in the prior records, andit takes some getting used to, but the new style is great. This is not a \\"sell out\\", this is an evolution and an improvement. Don't get me wrong, Undertow is still one of my favorite albums, but this is just more varied and engaging.
B00005JKCH|2.0|This film could have been done so much better!  I'm not so sure that Tobey Maguire was the best actor for the role.  Let me just say, he's not spidery enough, if that makes any sense.  Christopher Reeves was superman, Jack Nicholson was Joker, Maguire is not Spiderman.  The plot is somewhat duller than I expected, more of an introductory than anything, like Star Wars Episode 1.  There's just not a whole lot of Spiderman Action!
0385493800|4.0|I stopped reading John Grisham a few years back, but several people recommended this one.  So I tried again.  I thought the book was very good.  Good character development.  Nice insight to Christianity without being preachy or insulting to Christians.  The ending was a little disappointing, but I think it was very appropriate - everyone got what they deserved. It's worth a read.
B00001ZULV|4.0|This was the first Genesis album I ever bought, and I was quite pleased with it. I'd only heard a small portion of their music, so it introduced me to a lot of songs I hadn't heard before. Apart from their more popular songs, it also includes 'Congo' from Calling All Stations (Another good album), and the awesome remake of 'The Carpet Crawlers' from Lamb - you've got to hear this song! I agree with another reviewer who said that it should have been a 2 disc set. Genesis just had way too many great songs to fit on a single CD. They could've afforded to include some Gabriel/Hackett-era songs, and whatever happened to 'Keep It Dark'? Wasn't this song popular at one point? Also, the fact that some songs are in radio form ('Mama', 'Abacab', 'Tonight, Tonight, Tonight', for example) detracts from this CD's overall worth. Still, it's a decent introduction to the world of Genesis. I wish I could give it 3 1/2 stars, but I'll just round up. Recommended, if you want a good sampler of their mainstream stuff.
0780021967|5.0|Hitchcock considered &quot;The 39 Steps&quot; to be the culmination of his work in Britain, just as &quot;North by Northwest&quot; was a culmination of his work in America.  The movie is well-paced, Robert Donat is charming, and Madeleine Carroll is beautiful.  The commentary by Marian Keane is very insightful as she points out Hitchcock's &quot;signatures&quot; as the author of his films.  Why did he choose a high angle shot?  Why are the characters composed the way they are?  Why does the camera dwell where it does?  This is the first commentary I have heard from Keane, and I was not disappointed.<br />The Criterion Collection transfer is a little grainy, and the intensity is a little inconsistent.  Criterion's transfer of Hitchcock's &quot;Rebecca&quot; is far more flawless.  Nevertheless, it is comparable to other transfers they have done of movies from that period (i.e., a little less grainy than &quot;Trouble in Paradise&quot;).  Overall, an excellent purchase, and one I would recommend for anyone who liked &quot;North by Northwest&quot; or who is interested in seeing how Hitchcock developed as a filmmaker.
B00008J2DQ|5.0|This cd faceless by godsmack is a great album.The first time I listened to it I was in shock of how good it sounded.So I suggest that you buy this album!Its cheap, and worth every penny!!
6302891272|5.0|A very short review...<BR>This film is very beautifully and affectively done.<BR>The last scene with the moving trees and many arrows were very convincing, makes me kind of wonder how it was done so well such a long time ago.<BR>Toshiro Mifune acts excellently (like usual..) and plays Washizu (Macbeth..) very convincingly. His acting is very instinctive, human and real. In my point of view, that's the best way an actor/actress can act.<br />Spoilers contained here:<br />Personally, I prefer the ending provided Kurosawa had instead of Shakespeare's because it seemed that since after Washizu/Macbeth  had assassins kill Miki/Banquo, he kept having other people kill others, being killed by the arrows of normal soldiers instead of being slayed by Macduff/(forgot the name of the character in Throne of Blood who is basically Macduff) seems to be a more fitting/deserving ending to Washizu/Macbeth.
B000089RVX|4.0|I heard one of their songs on the radio several times and found myself turning it up and really getting in to it.  I got two copies of the CD, one for me and one for my fiance.  We both love it.  The songs are just amazing, especially the first two on the CD.  :)
B00005JLXE|1.0|My little sister rented this movie cos she watches Alias. She said it was an action movie but I laughed so hard at it, I was convinced by the end that it was comedy. <br />Wooden acting, predictable story with all the cliches and the worst offence in my opinion failed attempts to emulate HongKong kung fu films. Affleck and Garner fumble through every fight scene relying on editing to mask their ineptness. Just look at there playground confrontation, they are both sluggish and Affleck seems completely lost in the choreography.<br />Stick with HongKong films, they have being making superior action flicks for like the last three decades. If you can read comic books, then subtitles shouldn't be a problem.
B00005JL96|5.0|Definitely the best Disney movie I've seen in ages.  I've been sorely disappointed in Disney films for awhile, but not any longer!  This film is fun and had me rolling with laughter, but it has a lot of strong family values as well.  It's been awhile since Disney was able to move me so much with an animated film, I'm so happy to see they still have the magic. :)
B000092ZYY|5.0|As with most other Radiohead albums, this took me a few listens to appreciate. Let me qualify this review by stating that I am not a big fan of Pablo Honey (aside from the prophetic Stop Whispering), nor did I thoroughly enjoy The Bends (exceptions: Fake Plastic Trees, Nice Dream, Street Spirit). But I was blown away (as were we all) by OK Computer. This, to me, was (and still is) one of the greatest examples of a high Concept album ever. Kid A left me with mixed feelings (Idioteque is bloody brilliant), and Amnesiac was another perplexing but enjoyable album. HTTT, however, gets it all right. These songs represent musical mood and style encompassing all of their work, and even introduces new directions (A Punchup at a Wedding, Myxomatosis, A Wolf at the Door). The reason that it takes a few listens to get into, in my opinion, is that Radiohead are SO unique that they don't really sound like any other band that I've come across, so you don't really have a frame of reference. Once you let their haunting melodies encompass you, it will be a trip you will not soon forget and will come back to time and again. HTTT is this iconoclastic band at the top of their form, filler-free (unlike Kid A, etc).<br />P.S. this edition comes with a neat little poster depicting the cover art style, but be CAREFUL removing it as it is glued on strongly and you may end up damaging it in the process. Enjoy!
6305265666|3.0|I've always enjoyed the Cinderella story - and Hollywood seems to as well with the amount of Cinderella movies they put out!  All of them are fun to watch though, I've enjoyed in in its own way.<br />This version is a different twist on the story.  There is no fairy godmother (though Leonardo DaVinci kinda helps out)!  The basic story is the same.. raggedy Cinderella (aka Danielle in this movie, played by Drew Barrymore) falls for the handsome prince (Dougray Scott from Mission Impossible 2).  The cool thing about Cinderella this time, she's no meek little servant!  While she does end up having to do plenty of chores  for the evil step-mother, she kicks butt with a sword and throws a mean punch!<br />The costumes and location of this movie were beautiful.  I especially loved Cinderella's costume she wore at the climactic ball - it was truly breathtaking.  I would have preferred they did the traditional glass slipper, her shoes were... not attractive to me.  The rest of the gown was gorgeous though!!  The acting was pretty good, Angelica Houston was amazing as the evil stepmother!<br />Overall, it's a decent movie and worth seeing.  It stays true to the magic of Cinderella and her charming prince  It's a must-see!
B00005V9IK|1.0|1995s Independence Day or ID4 was a groundbreaking film. However, This film wasnt innovative in a positive way. Director Roland Emmerich was the first filmmaker to make a movie that completely pulls the wool over the audiences eyes and then cheats them out of over $300 million dollars in ticket sales without providing them with a well written, well acted or even entertaining film. Unfortunately this formula was so successful that every almost film in Hollywood is now produced this way.<br />The first trick to making the viewer believe they are watching a good film is loading the film with special effects, especially CGI. The viewer is so busy looking at all the computer-generated distractions that they forget that the film has no plot or interesting characters. ID4 or as I like to call it ID$, diverts your attention from the flimsy aliens invade earth story with one dumb stunt after the other. Think about a few of the stunts made with CGI and none of them make any sense. For Example: The Presidents plane takes off the runway during the destruction of Washington D.C., just barely escaping the fire that incinerated the city. In a real firestorm, the presidents plane would be annihilated because the fire would get into the jet engine turbines and cause the plane to explode. Another example is the city of Los Angeles being destroyed. People survive an annihilator ray with no adverse effects after being caught in an explosion except for some torn clothes. And when these city sized motherships are finally are destroyed they dont incinerate the fighter pilots who attacked them in the blast, or rain down trillions of tons of lethal debris on the people below.  In addition, wouldnt the heat generated from such a massive explosion cause even more death and destruction?  Contrast this to Star Wars where Luke, Han and Wedge had to get FAR away from the Death Star to avoid getting caught in the explosions, shockwaves and debris fields caused by a planet sized space station exploding. And they were in OUTER SPACE. But the viewer is so busy drooling over the CGI explosions to think about such details.<br />The second trick to making the viewer believe they are watching a good film is to play to the audiences emotions so they dont notice how stupid the plot is. ID$ uses good old-fashioned patriotism to trick audiences into rooting for the good guys. According to this film about an invasion of EARTH only AMERICA can save the world from these evil aliens. Supposedly the rest of the worlds military doesnt exist or is too incompetent to help in this crisis. We get tons of visuals showing American forces, fighting aliens, American flags, patriotic music, and a big rousing presidential speech. In the end Will Smith And Jeff Goldblum even get to shake the Presidents hand on a job well done. All of these things distract you from the biggest story errors of all: ONE laptop computer interfaces with an advanced alien computer system flawlessly with no wireless interface. And in 1995 when this film was made laptops barely had HALF the processor speed and memory of a desktop. If this is the case wouldnt everyone who had a desktop at the time know about the invasion and planned to escape? Also, with this computer having HALF the speed of a desktop how COULD it download a virus in to a technologically advanced mothership so quickly?  Wouldnt the aliens advanced computers have detected and DELETED the virus?  Also, if the aliens were TELPATHIC couldnt they have read the peoples minds and figured out what they were going to do? I guess the viewers who helped buy $300 million worth of movie tickets were too busy waving flags and baking apple pies to actually WATCH the film.<br />The third trick used to making the viewer believe they are going to get a good film is Advertise, Advertise, and Advertise. ID$ blitzed moviegoers viewers with those stunning visuals of explosions, and patriotism for several months beforethe release. Because of the hype most viewers thought since the CGI effects were good the film must be good. WRONG. This film is horrible. Dont get taken in by its visual prettiness or plays on your emotions. When you start to really think about this film you will hate yourself for letting it dupe you out of your hard-earned money.<br />Because of the $300+ million ID$ made, Hollywood no longer believes in giving its viewers anything like plot, character development or even a story in its films.  They now know they can get away with making bad movies because in the end they will pull a profit. ID$ started the disturbing trend of filmmaking where CGI and special effects are a used as a crutch by lame producers and directors to make a bad film bankable. Nowadays when a film is lacking in some area, the studios now just toss a few CGI effects or stunts in to distract viewers from the horrible story. Making quality films no longer matters since CGI was invented. Insert some effects and youll make $100-200 million guaranteed. If youre looking for an original story with an involving plot and interesting characters forget it. Because of the success of this dreadful film, Movies are now a Franchise. When producers want to make even more money, they take the same lame movie with the same bad actors and load it up with visual effects and then put a 2 in front of the title. Another $100-200 Million guaranteed. The audience will be too distracted to notice theyve been conned into watching a bad movie. Thanks Roland Emmerich. Thanks for destroying the creativity of the American cinema. You and Jerry Bruckhiemer are the geniuses that have ruined movies as entertainment for everyone with your high action, high noise, low plot low logic McMovies.release. Because of the hype most viewers thought since the CGI effects were good the film must be good. WRONG. This film is horrible. Dont get taken in by its visual prettiness or plays on your emotions. When you start to really think about this film you will hate yourself for letting it dupe you out of your hard-earned money.<BR>Because of the $300+ million ID$ made, Hollywood no longer believes in giving its viewers anything like plot, character development or even a story in its films.  They now know they can get away with making bad movies because in the end they will pull a profit. ID$ started the disturbing trend of filmmaking where CGI and special effects are a used as a crutch by lame producers and directors to make a bad film bankable. Nowadays when a film is lacking in some area, the studios now just toss a few CGI effects or stunts in to distract viewers from the horrible story. Making quality films no longer matters since CGI was invented. Insert some effects and youll make $100-200 million guaranteed. If youre looking for an original story with an involving plot and interesting characters forget it. Because of the success of this dreadful film, Movies are now a Franchise. When producers want to make even more money, they take the same lame movie with the same bad actors and load it up with visual effects and then put a 2 in front of the title. Another $100-200 Million guaranteed. The audience will be too distracted to notice theyve been conned into watching a bad movie. Thanks Roland Emmerich. Thanks for destroying the creativity of the American cinema. You and Jerry Bruckhiemer are the geniuses that have ruined movies as entertainment for everyone with your high action, high noise, low plot low logic McMovies.
B00008K7AM|4.0|Having never had the need to see a Rob Schneider flick, I was surprised when I actually decided to rent The Hot Chick. Honestly, I rented it more to see Anna Farris because the girl has a knack for comedy by just using her facial expressions. But instead of thoughtfully being disappointed by Rob Schneider's performance, I found him to be rather funny and endearing even. Yes, endearing.<br /> Schneider (A criminal) and &quot;perfect&quot; high school girl Jessica mistakenly switch bodies after putting on a pair of ancient earrings that has the mystical ability to switch bodies. All in all, they take this plot and make a minimum spoof on high school. But there's much more to see in The Hot Chick. Actual lessons on friendship, family, and love are here too. I guess that's where &quot;endearing&quot; is coming from.<br /> Rob Schneider and Anna Farris' chemistry in the film really pulled this along also. The club scene was a riot. Watch for that one. The supporting cast all had different little quirks and made for some great laughs along the way. There's a cameo from Adam Sandler to boot, too.<br /> In the end, The Hot Chick was worth my rental and I didn't bother with the special features. I'm saving them for when I buy the DVD, because The Hot Chick is worth it.
B00001ZWTT|1.0|Wild Wild West is loosely based on the tongue in cheek TV show of the same name. Like most movies based on TV shows the producers violate the rule of TV in making the film: If it ain't broke, don't fix it. Every Alteration here only makes this big budget film all the disaster you've heard about.<br />I didn't believe Will Smith as Jim West. He plays this 1800's Marshall like all of the other roles in his film career. Smith isn't playing Jim West, he's \\"The Fresh Prince of the old west.\\" If you've watched that sitcom you'll notice Smith acting goofy and making dumb jokes while the rest of the cast acts around him. The same thing applies here. Smith doesn't become a character in WWW. It is essentially Will smith being Will Smith in a cowboy costume while actors desperately try to act around him and the horrible script. Kevin Kline struggles with the role of Artemis Gordon because they don't give him any material to work with or a better actor to play off of. He and Smith have no chemistry. Salma Hayek was only hired to look pretty and act sweet here. To watch her really act, buy \\"Frieda.\\" And the villain was just too over the top. After watching this film and \\"Independence Day\\" I realize that Will Smith is the luckiest man in Hollywood. He has no acting skills at all. However they pay him $20 million a film for just being himself. I can only shake my head and wonder why the Academy nominated him for an Oscar in \\"Ali.\\" SOMEONE NEEDS TO TELL THE ACADEMY THAT YOU HAVE TO ACT IN ORDER TO BE NOMINATED FOR BEST ACTOR!<br />This film was not only done in by the casting, but the script as well. The story about ex confederates trying to turn the U.S. back the way it was in the pre-colonial period was puerile. The more the story progressed, the stupider it got. After watching this movie I seriously believe that somewhere in Hollywood there are Chimpanzees running the movie studios approving and writing these scripts. Bonzo cannot just be a movie character; he has to be a reality with dreck like this being made by the studios.<br />But the producers probably knowing that in between the wretched casting and the horrible script that this film was a disaster pulled out the post 1995 bad film repair kit known as special effects and CGI. They figured slap in a few stunts and a few special effects and they could pass this film off by telling the audience Will Smith was in it. The tongue-in-cheek inventions were so over the top they were boring, and the giant mechanical spider was a gimmick to get people's butts into seats. Thankfully, People saw through the CGI ruse and stayed away from this attempt to create a Will Smith franchise.ith dreck like this being made by the studios.<BR>But the producers probably knowing that in between the wretched casting and the horrible script that this film was a disaster pulled out the post 1995 bad film repair kit known as special effects and CGI. They figured slap in a few stunts and a few special effects and they could pass this film off by telling the audience Will Smith was in it. The tongue-in-cheek inventions were so over the top they were boring, and the giant mechanical spider was a gimmick to get people's butts into seats. Thankfully, People saw through the CGI ruse and stayed away from this attempt to create a Will Smith franchise.
0066214122|2.0|This book probably deserves a 3 star rating, but I had to penalize it one star because Michael Crichton is capable of so much better.  On the positive side, I enjoy Crichton's books because I feel like I learn about cutting edge scientific information.  In this respect, the book did not disappoint.  The book included interesting information about both animal behavior and advanced technology.  And the book was somewhat entertaining, in a &quot;feel like I've just wasted my time&quot; sort of way.  Character development and dialogue, never strengths of the author's, became notable by their awkwardness and artificiality.  As the book progressed, it read more and more like a movie script for an implausible, B-grade horror movie.  I'm sure that most readers who have enjoyed Crichton's other books will feel disappointed by this effort.  It is apparent that it was written with the movie potential in mind, and effort was not taken to make it into a good book first.
B00008PX8P|5.0|I have always enjoyed listening to Led Zeppelin, but never fully appreciated them, until I watched this DVD.  I could not tear myself away from watching it.  The visual effects were great, and of course the music itself was awesome.  Jimmy Page and D. Carruthers did an awesome job on producing this, and I would recommend all Led Zep fans to have this for their collection.  Watching them live made me fully appreciate this all time greatest band ever.  Due to the quality of this DVD, you forget that it was so long ago....
B00005AFMT|5.0|The unspoken sentiment is Why would you listen to this stuff if you're not a musician? Look at the other reviews that King Crimson fans have written and you'll see that, for the most part, it's almost exclusively prog rock. Conversely, I am not a musician, nor do I know much about music from a technical perspective, but I still consider King Crimson one of my favorite bands.<br />\\"Discipline\\" ranks with \\"In the Court of the Crimson King,\\" \\"Red\\" and \\"Larks' Tongues in Aspic\\" as one of the best albums that Crimson has ever put out. Going far beyond the indulgent celebration of instrumental prowess that a lot of technically-focused musicians fall victim to, King Crimson has something to offer everyone who appreciates creative, intelligent and innovative rock.<br />\\"Discipline\\" has a sound like no other, and likewise, has a sound like no other King Crimson album that came before it. Like previous work, every track is layered and complicated, and combines creative songwriting, artistic beauty and a tongue-in-cheek humor that is more pronounced on this than albums' past. What is new is the sound - it's a strange off-kilter new-ageish metallic tone that would continue in the subsequent albums which make up what people consider the \\"80s period\\" of King Crimson. <br />\\"Discipline\\" is almost universally acknowledged as the superior forebear to \\"Beat\\" and \\"Three of a Perfect Pair.\\" All the tracks, particularly \\"Elephant Talk\\", \\"Frame by Frame\\", \\"Indiscipline\\" and \\"Thela Hun Ginjeet\\" are great, but the highlight has to be the extended instrumental, \\"The Sheltering Sky.\\" Combining a squealing lead guitar with haunting and delicate tribal-esque percussive work, it is one of the best songs that the band has ever done. <br />King Crimson is an incredibly inventive band that unfortunately won't win public approval because it is progressive rock, complex, and teeters, at times, on the precipice of inaccessibility. Perhaps what is most amazing is how one band, which has aged decades since it began with its eponymous debut, can change members and evolve through so many different styles and sounds yet still put out consistently good albums. Anyone who appreciates imaginative music has made a tremendous oversight by not making the King part of his collection.
B00004S367|5.0|Now 23,I grew up on all the 60's and 70's classic Wonder<BR>hits.What a shock when I turned 15 and baught this-I was amazed<BR>then and I'm amazed now.&quot;Music Of My Mind&quot; is the pure,open-<BR>minded funky exploration of a liberated soul-someone forced to do<BR>others (Motown's) bidding for years and is now doing what he wishes.And I'm glad he did.The noisy,fuzzed,uptempo starter<BR>&quot;Love Having You Around&quot; sounds nothing like a Wonder track<BR>thus far-it sounds like a brilliant collaberation with every<BR>jazz-funk pioneer of the day but no-it's all one guy.&quot;Superwomen&quot;<BR>takes Stevie's more familiar love song style and gives it a<BR>far more mature rendering-ditto for &quot;I Love Every Little Thing<BR>About You&quot;.&quot;Sweet Little Girl&quot; is an oddly bluesy soul track heavy on harmonica and segueing into an Isaac Hayes-esqe &quot;rap&quot; at<BR>the end.The peaceful &quot;Happier then The Morning Sun&quot; uses the<BR>then-novel clavinet as one usually an acoustic guitar-considering<BR>it's the only instrument on the track.&quot;Seems So Long&quot; and &quot;Evil&quot;<BR>are fairly traditional for this kind of album but &quot;Girl Blue&quot;<BR>is a very unconventional slow number with a flowing arrangement.<BR>&quot;Keep On Running&quot; is Wonder's most strident funk thus far,and<BR>keeping it up for a full eight-minutes.Wheather or not it's<BR>a flaw or an asset,&quot;Music Of My Mind&quot; has o it's credit being<BR>Wonder's only album to day from which a hit single could not be<BR>drawn-it surely isn't commercial,it isn't traditional pop music<BR>but it's very memorable,impeccably produced and executed and in<BR>many respects very catchy.You just have to hear it!
B00000JLWW|5.0|When I was 12 yrs old I saw this movie for the first time in the thearter twice. I am 17 now and am still in love with it. I love the costumes, music, actors. I just love this movie all around. Its an awesome movie. James Cameron did SUCH a great job making it look just like the real titanic.. inside and out. All I have to say is if you haven't seen this movie up until now just give it a chance! Watch it!
B00004Y87O|4.0|This was the first John Carpenter movie that I ever saw way back in the eighties. In was a very fine trip down memory lane. My only complaint with the film is that Snake lands on the World Trade Center at night, fights in the ring in the morning, and then its night all of a sudden again as they race back to the plane and then have to cross the bridge. In other words - its a big massive time blooper that most people don't even notice. Look for it yourself when watching.<br />My complaint with the DVD is that there is only one bonus feature and thats the film trailer. You would think that there could have been a documentary of some sort but there isn't.
B00005JLEX|5.0|I am an adult who has been watching Seinfeld since It first started. I was sad when the show ended but was glad it ended before it became stale. When Tv Shows started coming out on DVD, I hoped that Seinfeld would make it to DVD. I have been waiting for over a year now, and I am starting to get impatient. All my other favorite shows were already released on Dvd. I began to become desperate. But then I heard that Seinfeld would be coming to DVD in late 2003/early 2004. I hope this is true, and I pray that the show is released in season by season sets, and not the horrible \\"Best Of\\" DVDs. Seinfeld is the Best show of all time, Period. It deserves the best DVD treatment of all time.
0815411839|4.0|I would have given this book more stars. It was good and when you read about marilyn it seems like she is still alive, the book has that quailty. The only problem is when the author speaks of how Monroe might have played JEan Harlow and how Marilyn and her partner went to discuss it with Jean mother. this is ridiculous becase jeans mother died in 1958 and the author has marilyn talking to her  in 1962.
0441003257|5.0|I won't offer any insight into the book's plot or characters.  Other reviewers have presented those standard offerings.  There is too much that I enjoy about this book to settle on any particular thing.<br />I'll just say that no other book on my shelves is as cover-worn and dog-eared as this one.  I happened to read it when it was first published and have opened it up again every couple of years since.  It is simply a fun read.  I heartily recommend it.
B000096FUD|5.0|I'm sure we've seen many &quot;Making of&quot; features, in which the trials and tribulations of a film production company are documented until the film is finally triumphantly displayed onscreen.  LOST IN LA MANCHA takes the opposite tack.  This funny and almost heartbreaking movie tracks the misadventures of director Terry Gilliam (of MONTY PYTHON fame) as he tries...and fails to get his vision of Cervantes' classic character of Don Quixote filmed.  From dealing with loud fighter jets flying overhead, through torrential rain, and through his lead actor becoming so ill that he can't sit on his horse, this flick holds your attention.  Of course, it helps that Gilliam is rather a good sport about the whole thing, as he and his crew freely contributes their time and allow for almost unrestricted access to the documentary film crew. For students of filmmaking, or if you just enjoy films in general, this is definitely a must-see which I definitely recommend.
B00008MNYS|3.0|Initially I was very excited to hear Robbie Williams was going to release a new album with original tracks.  However, upon purchase of the album I have found that the American version is edited for content.  This completely destroys any since of rhythm in some songs.  Further more I have found only 3 or 4 acceptable tracks on the album that resemble his earlier work.  Sorry Robbie but &quot;album fillers&quot; are not acceptable, especially when your American audience is already struggling to get you air play.  In closing if you are on the fence about which album to purchase I would highly recommend \\"THE EGO HAS LANDED\\" and \\"SING WHEN YOU'RE WINNING\\" the three or four good tracks are worth downloading but that's about it.  Tracks 1, 4, 5, 11
B00000K3D4|5.0|When I was 4 years old I was introduced to this Jim Henson classic.  Ever since then I have loved this wonderful movie of fairy tale and fantasy.  Bowie plays a wonderful role as Jareth, the Goblin King.  His mysterious glare gives him both the hip rocker look that would attrack a young audience director Jim Henson was looking for, and the evil appeal needed for his role.  I was walking through Wal-Mart the other day when I saw this Masterpiece on DVD and snagged it while I could.  The special features were bland but the Making of was a real treat.  Hopefully there are others out there sharing the same interest I do in this film.
1563898586|4.0|Alan Moore is perhaps the finest author of graphic literature today - even all time.  At his best (The Watchmen, Miracleman) he pushes the limits of the genre philosphically as well as artistically - questioning the very foundations of comics and superheroes.  This may not be Alan Moore's best work, but it certainly is entertaining.<br />Basically, this is The X-Men set in Victorian England and populated with characters from Victorian literature.  In actuality, this is what comics were made for - creating an alternate universe where the Invisible Man and Mr. Hyde get together to do some damage.  It is pretty-much a straightforward adventure story, told with Alan Moore's cynicism and wit.  The artwork is much more mainstream than I am used to in the typical Moore story, but don't worry - there's plenty of blood and guts.<br />I have not yet seen the movie, but I'm pretty sure the book will be better.
B00006BTCA|5.0|The list of obvious musical influences on this band seems to go on and on.  Fundamentally blending 70s/80s punk, european 80s pop, and an endless array of unique post punk influences, Interpol has created a very intellegent, stylish, yet raw sound.  This is a very clever and satisfying album for those who are interested in subtle and sometimes haunting music that is still unpolished and edgy at times(few of the tracks have any latent radio appeal).  Highly recommended to most knowledgable music fans who can appreciate this album.
B000083E79|5.0|This CD is sooooo great! It is probably one of the best CDs I have ever bought. I live by it. It is ALWAYS in either my CD player or headsets. It is the ONLY CD is ever listen to ... I have momerized all the songs and what track they are. ... When you listen to this CD you feel like you are in the music , these songs are the kind of songs that you just cant forget , everywhere I go I'm humming one of these songs. Until I bought this CD I was really not that big of a Cher fan , I liked her music but really never thought much of it..but then I bought this CD and she is my total FAVE!! take my advse...BUY THIS CD NOW! THIS MUSIC IS  alive!
B00000GV55|5.0|I couldn't care less about Rock In Opposition and its adherents; I'll take my politics with salt, thanks.  The fake sock on the cover might (not) signify utility, but as it's only an emblem maybe RIO wasn't a real political stand either. So what about the music?  This is the reissue of the original version of the LP, which was released on the still-fledgling Virgin label way back in '73.  Unlike many of its 'progressive' contemporaries it hasn't aged much, and it's really only rock by association. (Hey! RBA!  Now THERE'S a candidate for a musical movement!)  Can't really call it jazz either, although it's a bit closer to that, and there's not a Mellotron or synthesizer in sight.  The most engaging tracks ('Teenbeat Reprise', for example) are also the most rock-oriented, though, revealing Fred Frith's fluid if angular and sometimes Fripp-like guitar playing and Chris Cutler's never-quite-orthodox drum and percussion work.  On first listen, the band's overall approach might seem a bit twee and whimsical, and it certainly seems a less sombre affair than its 1974 follow-up UNREST.  But deeper listening reveals intricate structure and intention beneath the unmitigated glee despite the comical brass grunts courtesy Geoff Leigh and the occasional uncontrolled giggle.  The sole extended vocal track 'Nine Funerals Of The Citizen King' which closes the album, however, almost ruins the joke by delivering the punchline.
6304341849|5.0|have long been a fan of Merchant/Ivory productions, perhaps the best known being 'A Room with a View' and 'Howards End'. However, there is a Merchant/Ivory production made in the same time and with the same qualities that often gets overlooked, and in so being, it is in keeping with its source.<br />Merchant/Ivory have worked through the writings of E.M.Forster's novels with flair, style, and grand film-making, very much in keeping with the grand style of Forster's writing. However, the novel Maurice was not published in Forster's lifetime. He believed, even to his death in 1970, that is was a novel ahead of its time. Yet Forster completed it in 1914.<br />Alas, it was due to the English (and more general) tendency to discount gay characters as being appropriate subjects for literature, particularly when they are sympathetic, almost romantic characters. In Forster's own handwriting, a note on the manuscript found after his death read 'Publishable, but worth it?'<br />This is a basic tale of sexual awakening in post-Victorian England, showing the relationship and the contrast between Maurice Hall and Clive Durham. Both are undergraduates together, and through the course of very English educational encounters, discover in each other 'the love that dared not speak its name', a situation reinforced by all worldly standards.<br />I heard it once remarked that one thing that makes so many people rankle at discussions of homosexuality is that many people rankle at frank discussions of ANY sexuality. This dictum would certainly be true of the turn-of-the-century British. In one scene, even the professor teaching Greek glosses over references in the translation that are unappetising to him.<br />In the end, we see the relationship between Maurice and Clive run full course, and see the classic options: Clive runs in a panic into marriage and a respectable life with a wife who seems to think she is a keen judge of human nature, but really hasn't a clue on this one; Maurice opts for love true to his nature, but at what cost? Alas, we don't know. The manuscript was unfinished, and the film likewise comes to no firm conclusion.<br />The film and novel are great representations of Edwardian London and country life, as well as university life at the time. The minor sociological issues that arise; the class system is illustrated in wonderful characters (from the Durham household, a country-gentry, but essentially untitled family, to the Halls, a suburban middle class, to Scutter and the servants at the Durham estate, some of whom are as scathing toward a middle-class pretender like Hall as any upper-class person would be).<br />The film, like most Merchant/Ivory productions, is an almost perfect period piece -- settings, costumes, mannerism, it is almost as if camera and crew were magically transported back in time to get the proper setting.<br />Maurice Hall is played by James Wilby, who turns up in other Merchant/Ivory productions such as Howards End, but who has thus far failed to make much of an American presence. Clive Durham is played, on the other hand, by Hugh Grant, who looks very much different and younger from the Hugh Grant who went up a hill and came down a mountain to attend four weddings and a funeral only to get stopped by the police for solicitation in Hollywood...<br />Superb minor supporting performances by Simon Callow and Denhom Elliot, also Merchant/Ivory regulars, help round out the cast, as well as a cameo by Ben Kingsley as the Edwardian verison of a reparative therapist, trying to hypnotise homosexuality out of Maurice, suggesting that he swagger more and walk around with a gun to increase his feelings of masculinity; this doctor utters my favourite line in the film:  'The English have always been disinclined to accept human nature.'<br />He then suggests that Maurice move to France or Italy, where such as he are in less jeopardy.<br />A very interesting film all around, a bit slow moving at times, but in all a greatpiece of film-making from great film-makers.<br />Oh, yes, it is pronounced 'Morris' (like the cat).piece of film-making from great film-makers.<br />Oh, yes, it is pronounced 'Morris' (like the cat).
B00005RIKD|2.0|Wow I wasn't exspecting him to redo these good songs and talk through half of them he even ruined his brand new day song. My advice, buy original recordings only, this one was tired and lazy by singer and band.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I remember back in 1997, anxiously anticipating the release of this cd, having been so impressed with The Bends.  However, nothing could have prepared me for what I was about to hear, as I popped it into my CD player (I even got the import version which was released shortly before the american version...).  When Airbag started, I had to literally stop my car, find somewhere to park and sit in awe for the next 50 something minutes.... even for a while after.  What I had heard during that time totally changed my ideas of what &quot;popular&quot; music should be and raised the bar ever so high... I must agree with the thousands of reviewers here that this is the Radiohead CD that tops them all.  After listening to this, even The Bends sounded weak.<br />So here we are... now 6 years later... Hail to the Theif, stuck on permanent repeat in my CD player... but still I keep finding myself going back here, where this musical journey really got a big kick in the pants...  While Hail to the Theif is an awesome, scary and wonderful CD, it still does fall (ever so slightly) short of this one.   I also agree with the many reviewers in that you do really have to listen to this CD all the way through to get it's full impact... and good lord what an impact that is... Standout tracks to me are Paranoid Android, Exit Music (For a Film) - always brings tears to my eyes, Let Down, Climbing the Walls - wonderfully scary, Lucky, and the Tourist.<br />This music is definitely not for the casual listner, it's not for those looking for cheap pop songs or songs who's merit is based on how good they are to dance to... This is music for thinking people... this is music for people who, like me, consider listening to music a never ending journey and who strive to find music that is different, interesting, creative, and touches you way down deep...  <br />One of the reviewers in here mentioned a band called Porcupine Tree... I agree with him 100%.. they also deserve to be checked out... they arein a different class from Radiohead (then again, who isn't?), but their music is very intelligent, creative and progressive (in the sense that it takes many diverse elements and blends them together to create new sonic experiences).
B00005JM09|5.0|This film should have failed but I was glad to be proven wrong. It is a roller coaster ride that simply will not stop and director Jonathan Mostow perfectly balanced incredible stunts while never insulting the intelligence of the audience by asking them to believe something stupid like the bus jump from Speed. The acting is good and Arnold is even more dark and scary than in the other films. The special effects are simply the best. As soon as it was over I wanted a T4, as long as Jonathan Mostow directs. Also the story is moved forward nicely and leaves much room for a future war sequel. I'm going to see it again tomorrow!
B00003CXC7|5.0|One of Hitchcock's first movies in color and his best movie. It is filmed extremly well concetering it was made in 1954. James Stewart gives an exelent performance as a world troting photographer who breaks his leg and is forced to stay in his tiny apartment for 6 weeks. Soon he gets bored and begins to look at his neighbors threw the rear window of his apartment. One night he sees some suspicious things and begins to suspect that one of his neighbors is a killer. His high class girl friend Lisa Freemont (Grace Kelly)joins him in solving the murder. Also along for the ride is the insurance company nurse Stella ( Thelma Ritter) who delivers some comidic lines very well. The movie is very entertianing surprisingly it never gets boring even though the whole 2 hours takes place in Jeff's apartment. I belive that this is Hitchcock's greatist movie ever.
B00005JM09|5.0|In a world filled with cinematic dreck like \\"2 Fast 2 Fuwious Homeslice!\\", the third in the great Terminator trilogy is a welcome breath of fresh air. It's quite refreshing to see a movie come out this year that actually has a PLOT. I have to say, Arnold looks good for 55. Nick Stahl did a pretty good job as John Connor, future leader of the human resistance, and Claire Danes wasn't half bad as his love interest. But come on, everyone, no one can deny that the best thing about all three movies is the one and only AH-NULD. \\"I'm back!\\"<br />I gotta say, kudos to whoever cast Kristanna Loken (a model from NYC) as the Terminatrix. With her movements and facial expressions, she WAS the Terminatrix. It's safe to say that if you enjoyed the first two Terminator movies, you'll enjoy this one too.<br />\\"You are terminated!\\"
B00005A1VH|5.0|I watched this movie because Dickie Moore said it was his favorite and it was fun seeing him in an older role as opposed to his child star movies. He is excellent in his part, but the other roles are just as awesome, if not more impressive. Gary Cooper is great in his role as Alvin York, one of the most prominent historical figures from World War I. He is both likable and relatable.<br /><br />I thought I wouldn't like the movie because it is a war movie, but most of it is set in Tennessee, away from the war. However, the wartime scenes are just as interesting as the more social, rural sections of the film.<br /><br />There are so many interesting quirks to this film; I love how the people call cows \\"beef critters\\". This movie is a lot of fun to watch.
B00006V9A0|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite cds from one of my all time favorite bands.Every song on here is good,and these are just about some of the best songs Nirvana has ever made in their career.They could have put some more songs on here,sure,but whats here is really,really good.If you are a fan of Nirvana,then you can't go wrong with buying this.Even if you only heard a couple Nirvana songs on the radio or something,you should should most defiantly own this.This is one of Nirvanas best cds and one of the all around best cds ever.So,theres nothing but good on this cd.Its by...The one..And only..Nirvana.<br />R.I.P Kurt Cobain
B000092ZYX|5.0|It almost seems like Radiohead just uses their style and album designs just to market themselves. Almost as if they go into the studio and throw [material] together until it sounds weird, but tolerable. They then add in the lyrics which are, as usual, sarcastic toward whoever it is Yorke is after at the time. Of course these lyrics come from Yorke, who is, as usual once again, singing in some odd tone. Their album art wins the predictability game though as it is the most predictable thing about Radiohead. Always sloppy cartoon drawings of things that everyone can get an idea of, but can never figure out exactly the meaning of. <br />This album is good, however Radiohead is getting predictable I'd say. Damn Europeans.<br />What goes up must come down.<br />P.S. The only reason I gave this album 5 starts is so it has a better chance of landing high up on the review list.
0156012197|1.0|Although \\"The Little Prince\\" is one of my favorite books and I think everyone should go out (or stay in I suppose :)) and buy a copy, I too feel(see the other one star review below) that the new translation should not be that copy that you pick up.  Do yourself a favor and track down a copy of the Katherine Woods version (which seems to have disappeared from stores since the new one came out). As an exaple, compare the line \\"if I had fifty-three minutes to spend as I liked, I should walk at my leisure toward a spring of fresh water\\" (Woods translation) to Howard's which goes: \\"[if I had fifty-three minutes...]I would walk towards a water fountain\\".<BR>This translation (and this is characteristic of almost every passage in it)saps it of its wistful, bittersweet language, replacing it with sentences which are, frankly, boring as all get out.  Howard's translation may or may not be closer to the original French wording, but it takes something I love very much and makes it stale and less magical than when I first read it.  In my book, that reads: \\"Bad Translation\\".
B00005JKN9|5.0|This movie is really good and some other reviewers don't give it enough credit. In this movie they showed how the \\"Natives\\" had so much hatred towards the irish.They showed how Amsterdam's<BR>dad was killed by Bill \\"The Butcher\\" Cutting. It should how violent the fights would get and there was alot of it.<BR>This movie is an excellent historical fiction movie.
B000003TA4|5.0|I was 18 when I heard this album for the first time and I now know what it must of felt like when people first saw Elvis.<br />It was so different, so raw, so relevant that it was really hard to believe someone was singing about what most teenagers are feeling.<br />I have to smile when I hear my 13 year old nephew mention how much he thinks Nirvana 'rocks'. I have a feeling his children will say the same when their his age.<br />It's an album that will be listened to by many simply because it is one of the greatest albums ever recorded.<br />Some will say that Kurt lacked musical talent and couldn't play the guitar. That was why his music was so great. He wasn't pulled from some Music college and marketed along with your favorite soda and sold to the masses behind Mi$$ion dollar ad campaigns. No, he simply was an artist that wrote for himself and wanted to play in a band. Forget the classically trained guitarists with hair extensions. If you want to see a guitar player create art, this is a must-have album. <br />Lyrically 10/10<BR>Musically 10/10 (he took the simple and made it a masterpiece - very few can do that - those that do are revered as great artists which Kurt Cobain has secured as his legacy)
B000050FEN|5.0|Quite possibly the best movie I ever saw. ... just saw this movie again on bbc it's been 2 years or so since I last saw it, it hasn't lost any of it's mood (and movies usually do for me after seeing it more then once/twice) or it's suspence.<br />I always love movies that keep both sides interesting. Movies containing murder tend to make the maniac exactly that, ow yeah they try to make him sound intelligent but they usually fail miserably and fall into the silent whisper/calm voice routine, Spacey takes this to a whole new level actually admitting his mistake and getting pissed off at some point.<br />Appart from the exceptional acting and the interesting and usually \\"loaded\\" dialogue the plot is the real masterpiece of this movie, I am not a religious person, but I identify with the killer a lot more then I do with the detectives allthough they stay interesting.<br />Anyway, I recommend this movie to everyone
B00005JKN9|3.0|\\"Gangs of New York\\" is well worth seeing, for the superlative sets, the cinematography, the glorious costumes, and the artistic directorial eye of Martin Scorsese. But it also has four serious flaws.<br />The first is a problem that haunts all Scorsese films -- his inability to understand that in every tragic situation, there is an element of humor, as in every comic situation, there is an element of tragedy. This is the reason why Scorsese's<br />\\"The Age of Innocence\\" was a failure, since the Edith Wharton novel upon which it is based comes to life through the author's barbed wit and acute sense of irony, whereas Scorsese's rendering is well-acted, visually stunning, but completely devoid of humor.  (This doesn't mean that Scorsese's movies are all without chuckles.  \\"The Last Temptation of Christ\\" is unintentionally quite funny, with all those New York-accented actors carrying on in Biblical Jerusalem.  And Robert De Niro in \\"Taxi Driver\\" is such a superlative actor that he himself infuses his role with humor, but it is De Niro and not Scorsese who deserves the credit for making this film a classic. Ditto for De Niro and the \\"Goodfellas\\" cast.) Perhaps, Scorsese should seriously look at the films of Charlie Chaplin before his next project.  Personally, I would recommend that he study every frame in Jan Kadar's \\"Shop on Main Street\\" to learn how humor and tragedy can be combined to devastating effect.  If Scorsese ever gets this problem resolved, he'll be a force to be reckoned with.<br />Secondly, \\"Gangs of New York\\" lacks a protagonist people can identify with.  The fact that Amsterdam Vallon (Leonardo deCaprio) sees his father murdered by \\"Bill the Butcher\\" Cutting as a boy and decides to avenge this death as an adult doesn't necessarily make Vallon a character one cares about.  No matter how brilliant a movie is technically, how can any director sustain a nearly three-hour film without a strong central figure we feel some empathy with?  (And why this Irish-American character is given the Dutch name of \\"Amsterdam\\" -- a name associated with New York's history -- is a mystery and something one could quibble about.  Is Scorsese trying to tell us in a less than subtle way that the character is a New Yorker foremost?)<br />Thirdly, Leonardo deCaprio is limited as an actor and is dwarfed in every scene he shares with Daniel Day-Lewis, a factor that unbalances the entire movie.  Day-Lewis is an exceptional actor, whose villainy as \\"Bill the Butcher\\" is the only thing that brings this film to life.  Notice, by the way, Daniel Day-Lewis's impeccable Robert De Niro imitation when a New York accent is required.  Just shut your eyes when Day-Lewis is speaking, think De Niro, and you'll see what I mean.<br />And fourthly, Amsterdam's relationship with Jenny Everdeane (Cameron Diaz) is choppy and sometimes emotionally incomprehensible, and it might help a bit if we could care about these two characters and their on-again, off-again relationship.can character is given the Dutch name of \\"Amsterdam\\" -- a name associated with New York's history -- is a mystery and something one could quibble about.  Is Scorsese trying to tell us in a less than subtle way that the character is a New Yorker foremost?)<br />Thirdly, Leonardo deCaprio is limited as an actor and is dwarfed in every scene he shares with Daniel Day-Lewis, a factor that unbalances the entire movie.  Day-Lewis is an exceptional actor, whose villainy as \\"Bill the Butcher\\" is the only thing that brings this film to life.  Notice, by the way, Daniel Day-Lewis's impeccable Robert De Niro imitation when a New York accent is required.  Just shut your eyes when Day-Lewis is speaking, think De Niro, and you'll see what I mean.<br />And fourthly, Amsterdam's relationship with Jenny Everdeane (Cameron Diaz) is choppy and sometimes emotionally incomprehensible, and it might help a bit if we could care about these two characters and their on-again, off-again relationship.
B00008S2VG|4.0|The more albums she makes, the better she gets. This is one of her best yet. Her lyrics are very personal and each song is very individual with it's own message. Her guitar playing is just an added bonus to this wonderfully made album.  True Madonna fans will greatly appreciate this album!
0812550706|5.0|Ender's Game is one of the great masterpieces of science fiction....original, exciting, and most of all provocative.  All great novels talk about the human condition, in one way or another.  The best ones, describe themes that almost all people are unaware of, until someone writes a great work about them....then they explode into the awareness with great emotion and with great force. Ender's Game is one of these.<br />Read it and see.
B00008NG5V|5.0|I can't stop listening to it. I think it's even better than Brushfire Fairytales.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I borrowed this CD from my brother one day after I had told him Radiohead might be a band we would like, and him going out and buying it.  The first time I listened to it, not much clicked, and some of it even annoyed me.<br />However, it was different and interesting enough that I listened a second time, then a third time, then a fourth time.....  I think I listened to this CD at least once a day for the next month straight. I literally could not get enough.  Not since U2's The Joshua Tree had I been so enraptued over an album.<br />If all you want are catchy hooks and dance music, stay away.  But if you are, like me, tired of the big money formula of most pop music, this CD may be your ticket to freedom.
B000000WZ4|5.0|Simply put, this album is amazing!  It rivals DM's &quot;Violator&quot; and &quot;Black Celebration&quot; albums for their best work.  Hallmark songs include &quot;Love Thieves&quot;, &quot;Home&quot;, the arrogant &quot;It's No Good&quot;, &quot;Sister of Night&quot;, and &quot;Freestate&quot;.  The album as a whole is excellent from start to finish.
0446605409|5.0|DeMille is the best suspense writer out there. I read very little fiction because it doesn't hold my interest, but his books will keep you guessing until the end. Never predictable or dull, this is one of his best works. Highly reccomended.
B00005JLWN|3.0|The theater going audience is pretty fickle (although not discriminating) these days and it is easy to see why this movie was ignored in limited release. It was not made for mass appeal. People who love action and understand suspension of belief will enjoy this film. The distributors probably made a poor decision in comparing it to the Matrix. As a relatively low budget sci fi film, it stands on its own. This movie is great entertainment but the audience must understand two things. First, the director himself said that the society was not truly emotionless as emotion is an essential part of being human. The drug in the film merely removed the highs and lows. Maintaining \\"equilibrium\\" is a matter of societal influence and the Clerics. Second, all movies build on previous films. Whether it be production techniques, actors, or stories, without the foundations of previous work, we wouldn't have great movies like Charlie's Angels II. Just kidding.
B000002J6H|4.0|The music is a bit dated, but great sound on the remaster.
0767821769|5.0|This movie is incredibly good, but if you don't like a tear-jerker, chances are you won't like Stepmom. But if you want to see an unbelievably powerfull movie, and a stellar preformance by Susan Serandon, then you'll love it. Even cement would break out sobbing at the end of this movie. It shows the hardships that children go through in a divorce situation, the akwardness of stepmothering, the hell of dying from cancer, and the inexpressibly painful task of explaining all this to your kids. Everyone should watch this movie-except I would not recomend it to people who are close to someone who is divorcing or dying. But anybody else will love it.
B000002AVF|5.0|by which all pop, adult contemporary, and r&b CDs should be judged.  I'm not exaggerating when I say that this disc is flawless.  Not one song is too much; nor is a single track less than it should be.  Mariah Carey's voice alone is enough to produce, at worst, a mediocre album (c.f. \\"Glitter\\"), but at this, her best, it creates something that can be branded \\"perfect\\" without qualms.<BR><BR>\\"Fantasy\\", the first track and Mariah's first single to debut at no. 1, is catchy, well-produced, sexy without being vulgar, and an all-around good single.  \\"Underneath the Stars\\" tells a wistful story of young love.  It's gentle, sweet, and the thumping bass and light instrumental melody never threaten to overpower the vocals, which drive the music.  \\"One Sweet Day\\", Mariah's second single to debut at no. 1 and the single which holds the record for most weeks atop the Billboard Hot 100 charts (16 weeks), is a collaboration with Boyz II Men.  Their voices blend well, something for which Boyz II Men is known, and the melody and the lyrics are both beautiful.  It's also well-arranged and well-produced, as well as being another vocally driven song.  \\"Open Arms\\" is a cover of the 1981 no. 2 song by Journey, and has drawn mixed reviews.  Some say it's second-rate; others say it surpasses the original.  The phrasing is very different from the Journey version, and Mariah's voice has a very different quality from Steve Perry's, but this track, which first introduced me to the song, is one of my favorites.  \\"Always Be My Baby\\", which was the third single, follows it.  It picks up the pace slightly from the previous three ballads, showing Mariah's ability arrange the album fluidly, so that the songs don't sound choppy.  There isn't much to be said about this song; it didn't debut at no. 1 but did reach the top spot; it has nice vocalizations and a catchy beat, as well as nice lyrics, but isn't, in my opinion, a stand-out track (although it's very difficult to get it out of your head).  Thenext song is the gospel-tinged \\"I Am Free\\", with gorgeous lyrics and a smooth melody.  Mariah's voice soars above keyboards, guitars, bass, etc., and it's a little reminiscent of \\"The Wind\\" from \\"Emotions\\".  It leads very well into \\"When I Saw You\\", which has a similar melody, and is about love at first sight.  Being a ballad lover and a romantic, this song drew me from my first listen, and it's still beautiful after countless listens.  It builds to a nice, but not huge, conclusion, which befits the sentimental song.  It is followed by \\"Long Ago\\", a track which is more beat-driven, moody, and leans toward an r&b side of Mariah.  Her voice is commanding, yet not overload.  As it fades out, \\"Melt Away\\" fades in.  It's a collaboration with Babyface but produced soley by Mariah.  It's a slow, moody track whose beginning and end are not clear.  \\"Melt Away\\" is one of my favorite Mariah songs, with excellent vocal arrangement, blending, and an overall smoothness, making it both sexy and classy.  \\"Forever\\" follows.  Like \\"Underneath the Stars\\", it's wistful.  It's also a power ballad in the true ense of the word, but a grown-up one wherein Mariah doesn't force her voice; there's power, but it's still slightly understated.  It comes to the loudest and most powerful conclusion on the disc as well, after which it glides into \\"Daydream\\", the \\"Fantasy Sweet Dub Mix\\", which starts out slow, but eventually speeds up a little, adds clapping and a thumping bass, that once again is slightly understated, and gives us a sultry vocal by Mariah.  The disc is brought to a close with \\"Looking In\\", a slow, melancholy tune that expresses a hidden sadness inside a woman who lives a seemingly charmed life.  It gives \\"Daydream\\" a fitting ending, one that is, like the whole album, mature, polished, and understated.<BR><BR>\\"Daydream\\" shows Mariah at the top of her game.  She's learned that she doesn't have to sing with all the volume and power that she can; she no longer uses her exceptional upper range to excess; she lets the music flow effortlessly and beautifully; and she has created an album that is both artistic and enjoyable.  I've listened to it enough times to know the whole thing better than the back of my hand, and it only gets better and impresses me more.  EVERYONE should own this album; I swear I'm not exaggerating.
B00005JKEZ|5.0|All of the praise given to this movie is well-deserved.  No one,<BR>however, so far has mentioned Howard Hill, the master archer, who<BR>actually performed all of the wonderful work with the longbow.<BR>There were no special effects available in 1938 when Prince <BR>Johns' soldiers were hit in the chest with arrows.  Howard Hill<BR>actually made those shots.  He describes making the movie in his<BR>autobiography. Mr. Hill was also in the movie - in the tournament<BR>sequence. Here was a man who could probably outshoot Robin of<BR>Locksley.
B00005QIPH|4.0|Starting off with the deceptively soft title track, The Strokes give the listener a welcome return to rock basics: solid hooks, catchy, if slightly amoral lyrics, a band that plays the music straight, no games or special effects, and a singer who works hard to get the right amount of emotion and disaffection into the songs. This stuff isn't going to change your life and when you inspect it closely it doesn't hold up against the best rock has to offer; yet I can't get it off my CD player. Maybe that's all they're shooting for, which is not a bad thing.
B00009XITQ|5.0|What a Girl Wants was a movie that I reaaly liked. Even my parents liked it(They are really picky). I would reccomend this movie to anybody that likes comedy!!! You won't regret buying it. It's a one of a kind move.
B00006J3T4|4.0|This album has three songs that make the whole disc worthwhile: Why Aye Man for fun and social comment; Hill Farmer's Blues for Notting Hillbilly-style folksong with an above-average lyric and Knopfler's signature, haunting guitar work; and You Don't Know You're Born, in which Knopfler reveals a brand-new style, sort of an 'Endless Summer' surf guitar. It's gorgeous, starting about three minutes into the song.<br />Frankly, I skip the rest of the songs. (I'm not a big fan of Knopfler's writing or singing, though he occasionally amazes.) As long as he keeps at least three killer songs (with lotsa guitar work, ideally), I can't pass up a Knopfler CD. The three songs above go into my MP3 player, which has about 75 Knopfler songs now, so skipping the leftovers is no problem.
B00008AWOD|5.0|Despite what other reviewers said, &quot;Sleeping With Ghosts&quot; has an eerie quality unlike anything Placebo released before. In fact, this is the album that made me start liking the band, as I considered their earlier material rather noisy and hard to swallow. There is much more than angry beats here--the richness of sound and strange tones remind of Depeche Mode, and there is a sense of melancholy pervading all the songs.<BR>A complex, intelligent album, which now ranks as one of my all-time favorites.
0780624890|3.0|had some cools scenes. computer effects looked pretty fake sometimes. main badguys death was pretty stupid. rent this one and by the second.
B00005JM09|4.0|This movie is; in a word...fun! The action is great. I really enjoyed the big chase at the first part of the movie. It did not have near the lapses is action that T-2 did. I thought T-2 kind of slowed down too much in parts (don't get me wrong, I liked T-2 as well). The special effects are excellent as one would expect in this day and age. <br />Allot of people have mentioned that they missed Linda Hamilton's character. Although I liked her in the first two movies, I did not miss her that much. After all the terminators are the real stars in these movies anyway.<br />The biggest disappointment for me in this movie is I did not think it explained how the artificial intelligence still was developed after it was supposed to be destroyed at the end of T-2. They skimmed passed it by simply stating that they did not stop Judgment Day, just delayed it. Judgment day is inevitable (as a person who does not believe in fate, I found this to be a very weak explanation). They could have simply stated that they had backups of the work done at the research center off site and continued with the work using a different group of scientists (yes, I am in charge of backing up our software at work so maybe I am more into this kind of ridicules details). I have to admit, this is knit-picking a little, but it did bother me.<br />I still consider the first Terminator movie to be the best one. But this is a worthy sequel. It's worth watching and I will defiantly get it when it comes out on DVD.
B000002UAR|5.0|Obviously, the reviewer who gave this only 1 star demonstrates a child's lack of knowledge, intellect and appreciation for the creative genius of Lennon &amp; McCartney.  The &quot;awful Eleanor Rigby&quot;?   Listen to the vocals-less version on the &quot;Beatles Anthlolgy&quot;.  The musical arrangement, on it's own, is like a painting by Van-Gough or Picasso.  (I realize I'm probably using words that are unfamiliar to the reviewer).<BR>Considering a lot of what we're exposed to today, this would be a great album for 2006; Let alone 1966.  <BR>Perhaps if the album were remixed with some added bass heavy, disco rhythms it might rate a couple more stars.
0399208534|4.0|A five star book, in terms of child enjoyment.  In fact, your toddler will enjoy it so much he'll pester you every night to have it read again.  Since I'm reading, I wish it were a little more clever and less repetitive.  Still, a guaranteed favorite for your little Timothy.
B00005JKWJ|4.0|nomak is a cool bad guy. the setting (prague) is cool. great ending. cool sound track. only 4 because of some cheap dialoge (which all action movies have) and no car chases.  good extras include making of vidios which come out to about 1 hour, half hour of deleted scenes that were rightfully deleted, comentary, stupid music video, and other stuff.
B000099T2L|5.0|Ms. Beyonce has evolved, and it shows.  The beats are hot - very sexy, especially on \\"Naughty Girl\\" and \\"Hiphop Star\\".  <BR>   The intro to \\"Yes\\" is .  . . .whew, fire.  It'll make ya wanna stay at home with your man.  For real.  Like many of the songs, Beyonce tells a story - using deep, rich colors and wide strokes.  The most alluring part of it all is that the stories are uniquely hers - not Destiny's Child's or Matthew's, but hers.  <BR>   The CD gives the sweet, downhome diva an edge no one has seen before.  Check it out - it's good for your health . . . and maybe your libido.
B000084T18|5.0|I luuuuuved this album because it wasnt just one of those cd's that u buy that has like ONE good song on it but they are ALL really good songs! Its like the type of cds that u buy and u memorize all the songs. Its not just like hard core rapping with screaming and nothing but cursing that makes no sense whatsoever, but it has beat to it. Every song is independent and has a different one. If you are looking for a good rap album to get 50's is definetly THE ONE.
0385504209|5.0|Intriguing and extremely suspenseful,The Da Vinci Code is a mystery that will make you think!
076790592X|5.0|I truly enjoyed reading this book.  Although I must say I was a little hesitant considering it was about death.  Mitch Albom the writer of this book has done a great job with sharing his own lessons with the rest of us.  Mitch was a man trying to find fulfillment in life through his career and material possessions. He had gotten caught up in the fast-paced society that we all live in. Mitch's priorities from his college years had somehow changed and now he was the man he never wanted to be.  <br />After Mitch was re-united with his old Sociology professor Morrie Schwartz, he slowly began to realize his priorities needed to be adjusted. Reflections of the past were important in giving the reader insight to the character of both of these men. His love of music had been overshadowed with his love of material things.  <BR>Morrie through his tuesday sessions enlightens Mitch on the truely important things in life.  These sessions which were actually lessons on life, love, aging and death should make everyone who reads this book look at their own lifes a little deeper.
B0000640SA|5.0|Even though it plays out like so many other films do, it does it in such an innovative way when it comes to filmmaking. A film of sheer beauty. You learn as the character of Guy Pearce does... little by little... in fragments. It achieves what so many films of this genre attempt to do, captivate its audience! You actually feel sorry for the main character. Definitely worth checking out! Easily one of the best films of its genre! Also, be sure to check out Fight Club and Usual Suspects for more psychological action and drama!
B00005QFE5|4.0|This is the nicest surprise I've had from a film in a long time. I am a follower of Zhang Yimou's work -- I've seen most of his films, even HERO, which inexplicably has yet to be released in U.S. theaters. THE ROAD HOME is a simple, rural love story built around the director's new muse, Zhang Ziyi (no relation). I guess I encountered this film with very low expectations. At first glance it clearly looks like a break from the director's signature character dramas, when in fact the differences are slight -- Zhang Yimou's storytelling, character development, and filmmaking style are still well in evidence. Instead of a departure in style, this film is a reminder of how the simple things in life are often the best.<br />This is Zhang Ziyi's first film, but apparently it didn't warrant any domestic attention until she became an international star overnight with CROUCHING TIGER, HIDDEN DRAGON. Better late than never, I suppose, because her performance here only adds to her growing reputation as one of the brightest young stars in world cinema today. <br />It is also Zhang Yimou's gentlest, sweetest film and one that deserves to be ranked among his best. The black-and-white segments are shot documentary-style and allow the viewer to imagine the characters as real people reflecting on family history. In the middle of the film, every shot is lovingly framed with sweeping vistas and vibrant colors, and seeing it in anything short of widescreen cannot do it justice.<br />Like all his films, THE ROAD HOME displays Zhang Yimou's uncanny ability to capture natural performances from his actors. In her romantic pursuit of a schoolmaster's attention, Zhang Ziyi shows us all manner of emotions, from innocent infatuation to desperate longing to quiet determination. Like her predecessor Gong Li, Zhang Ziyi is able to convey full feeling on camera without saying a word. It is a much more powerful and fulfilling performance than I expected. At all times we feel intimately involved with her quest -- particularly when the camera assumes her perspective, it's hard for the viewer not to feel closer to the story.<br />I think this is one of Zhang Yimou's two or three finest films, and it's probably the most timeless story he has ever brought to the screen. I only wish the middle of the film had gone on longer, so we could share in this wonderful story even more. I also wish more directors and movie studios (especially in the West) could create &quot;small&quot; films and make them say as much as this. THE ROAD HOME is a jewel of a film from one of the best filmmakers in the world.
0156027321|4.0|Great  book to read on the beach and to share with others
B000002O4X|5.0|What can I say?  John Barry is superb in this effort to take you away to exotic lands full of promise and adventure.  His musical effort on the CD certainly keeps you in the la-la land of adventure, romance, curiosity and sheer delight.  The music is so tangible, you could reach out and touch the beauty it evokes and breathe in the rainbow of freshness on the plains.
B000065U1N|5.0|I have watched this movie about 20 times and read the box twice. I have got both the original DVD and the most recent special edition. What can i say. The most authentic war movie to date, with most of those ranger who took part in the battle contributing alot to the movie and infact the pilot of the little bird that (Star 41) Keith Jones ,who landed on crash site one and rescued a wounded air crew, flew the little bird in the actual movie. I disagree with the politicians who had to withdraw the rangers from Somalia, after Oct 3. Like one ranger said ' We trust the politicians not to risk our lives for so little !! '. I guess Dubya would have kicked some ass. By the way this is Dubya's best movie .
0887308589|5.0|This book is one of those \\"It's funny because it's true!\\".<br />If you like the comedy of George Carlin or Gallagher, you'll love the comedy presented in this book. You might even think Scott Adams works at your office by the scenarios he describes and then puts them in a perspective that awakens the corporate-brainwashed employee to see the proposterousness of the current bueracracy of today's employers.<br />It's very enjoyable. It's an easy read. It's definately a book to share with other 'working' friends.<br />One of my favorites!
B000002J1M|5.0|I think this is a fairly good Genesis album.  If we're talking about the 70's era before P Gabriel 's departure.  This CD, along w Nursery Cryme, The lamb... and Selling England are keepers.  Genesis at the time of the recording of this CD was graced with the ability to create wonderful Prog.  Very well textured and executed.  Very similar to what Italian Prog groups Premiata Forneria Marconi and Leor Me - among others - had been achieving up to now.<br />'Foxtrot' is so strong.  Steve Hackett's acoustic guitar will melt you in Horizons.  The opener 'Watcher of the skies' is a prog classic that almost 30 years later, speaks with authority.<br />The rest of the album is pure brilliance.  I reccomend this album to any newbie in the prog genre, or if anyone hasn't listened to this CD yet, give it a try, because it is one of the best early Genesis records.  = )
B00008PC2O|4.0|T2 is a great movie, and this DVD rocks, strange however is that with all the fuzz coming T3 they release a DVD with the only cool extra is an audio commentary from James Cameron (his first!!!), Cameron insides are very cool but for a 2 DVD edition they could throw a lot more than they did with the \\"Ultimate Edition\\", at least put the trailers (they have the trailers but only for PC DVD Rom).<br />The second DVD with the extras only has 2 featurettes about the making, one is just a bunch of scenes of the filming and the other is about ILM work on the effects ol \\"liquid metal\\" for the T-1000. For a 2 DVD set the extras are poor. There are a couple of things like this software to make you look like a battered T-800 but those are for PC's. So the extras are poor.<br />If you don't have any edition of the T2 series, this one will do, but I think the UE is far better, if you like the extras and stuff. The only thing this DVD has is the commentary from Cameron. That's the main thing to get this one instead of the UE.<br />If you already have any of the other version stay away from this one.
B00008OOZ9|5.0|All I have to say is...WORD! Oh, and the person who so ignorantly reviewed this album as &quot;cut and paste&quot;... maybe, if thats true, then some people need to be reminded of what Rock N' Roll is, instead of letting themselves be propeled down the oblivion of glossy, over-produced music that record companys spend way too much money promoting, and that is the antithesist of any kind of creativity. After the excessivness, since the early 90's, that still continues to this day, of record companys trying to &quot;sell&quot; us on &quot;Alternative&quot; this and that,I feel that being reminded of the past is refreshing. I am not sure who said it first, but i think this should just about sum it up: &quot;The last refuge of the Subversive, is Normalcy!&quot; which is just another way of saying, &quot;It's Hip to be Square!&quot;<BR>     Jack and Meg are SO Hokey and Beautiful.
B00007G207|5.0|One of my favorite movies of all time.  It is the story of a young boy growing up in pre-war Italy who spends most of his time in the &quot;Cinema Paradiso&quot; theater with an old man who is his friend, sneaking peaks at the Catholic preists censoring films.  The music by Ennio Morricone complements the story so well it's as if they were meant to be together.  5 stars for a film that conjured so many emotions from me, I could identify with the boy completely.
B000003TA4|5.0|This is the sound of a young band coming into artistic and musical fruition and as such you can really hear the passion and raw energy Kurt and co must have felt with the whole band thing at the time.<BR>As it was made before Kurt was swallowed up by fame and fortune it has a more naive, innocent feel about it than In Utero (itself a great album) which makes it a lot easier listening.<BR>It's hard to say what the standout tracks are on this album because as someone who has owned it for nearly ten years I can honestly say that each song has something special about it (how some people cannot see beyond teen spirit puzzles me).<BR>Nirvana was gone almost quicker than they took the music world by storm, thankfully we still have this music as a reminder of what the fuss was about in the first place.<BR>RIP Kurt
B00005JKN9|5.0|I've been a huge fan of Scorsese's films since i first saw \\"Taxi Driver\\" over 25 years ago. This,along with \\"The Last Temptation Of Christ\\" and \\"Taxi Driver\\" is one of his best films.It's a great exploration of the history of what happened in downtown n.y.c.in the mid to late 19th century,and everything about it is flawless,from the costumes to the sets to the photography etc.Why this movie did not win the Academy Award for the Best Picture of 2002 is beyond my understanding.It's informative,intelligent-all in all a great film.Buy it!
0802136834|5.0|First of all, I think Alison Weir is a wonderful author.  This book is an easy read, full of lots of good information and a joy.  It is a book you will pick up and not put down until you've read all night.  I really enjoy it and highly recommend.  If you are looking for a book to give you some wonderful historic details in an easy to read, creative format, this is the book for you.  Really enjoyed it.  I've read it over and over.  It's one of my favorites!
B000002WU9|5.0|This is one of the best solo albums from the Wu Tang Clan. I only feel that one album is better and that is Tical by Method Man. But this is a awesome album no doubt.
B000059GEH|5.0|How to Marry a Millionaire made a pretty big splash when it was released in 1953.  Not only was this the first comedy to be filmed in widescreen CinemaScope, it pooled the talents of three of Hollywood's most famous actresses: Betty Grable, Lauren Bacall, and Marilyn Monroe.  In a sense, this film represents the passing of the sex symbol baton from Grable to the up and coming Monroe.  Personally, Betty Grable has never struck me as attractive at all, and Lauren Bacall, while possessed of a classic beauty, has never looked young in her life, yet they have a screen presence that Marilyn, as striking as she is in this picture, doesn't yet quite possess.  This film is probably not very high on the favorite movies lists of feminists, as it revolves around each of the main characters trying to snag a rich husband, but it is really just good, clean comedy that, in the end, shows that money is certainly not everything.<br />Schatze Page (Bacall) is the brains behind this covert operation, leasing a swanky apartment in New York to serve as the base of operations from which she and her two friends can lure rich men.  Of course, the refrigerator is always bare and there is nowhere to sit because all of the furniture has been sold, but the girls make do.  Loco Dempsey (Grable) has a knack for getting poor men to help her along in life, but eventually the trio receives an invitation to a little get-together of oil men, at which point each meets an eligible fellow.  As you might expect, the best-laid plans of mice and women fray around the edges, and the magic of true love enters the equation in a most decided fashion.  Marilyn gives a memorable performance as Pola Debevoise, a young lady so worried that her eyeglasses make her unattractive that she stumbles and bumbles her way through scene after scene as blind as a bat.  As David Wayne's character Freddie Denmark informs her, though, she is the last person on earth one would associate with the image of an old maid.  Truer words have never been spoken.  There's a surprise or two toward the end, of course, but it's nothing the audience is not aware of from the very start.<br />There are plenty of reasons for watching this well-made comedy, not the least of which is the fact that it marks Marilyn's imminent jump from popular Hollywood newcomer to legendary goddess of cinema.  The acting is top-notch, the comedy is light-hearted and fun, and the combination of three stars of this magnitude in the same movie is a rare treat indeed; plus, the film offers Marilyn in both widescreen and gorgeous color.have never been spoken.  There's a surprise or two toward the end, of course, but it's nothing the audience is not aware of from the very start.  <br />There are plenty of reasons for watching this well-made comedy, not the least of which is the fact that it marks Marilyn's imminent jump from popular Hollywood newcomer to legendary goddess of cinema.  The acting is top-notch, the comedy is light-hearted and fun, and the combination of three stars of this magnitude in the same movie is a rare treat indeed; plus, the film offers Marilyn in both widescreen and gorgeous color.
B00004Z400|4.0|This cd is awesome. But I really liked Passenger w/ Maynard from Tool. I think he should be invited to be in a lot more songs. But other then that this album is deffinately worth getting and I hope to see Maynard in more songs in the future.
0380729407|3.0|I thought this was a really great story, but I just didn't like the writing style.  At times I felt like I was reading a Dick and Jane book.  The sentences seemed too choppy.<br />This is the second book by Bradbury I've read, and haven't been too impressed with either of them.
B000002UJQ|5.0|This CD shouldn't even have rating. And since it does it should be a hell higher than four and half stars. But who gives a damn what other people think the music speaks for itself.
0060926317|5.0|I purchased this book because i loaned it out a few years ago and never saw it again. It's lovely. It's also good for people who are looking for a relaxing kind of book, one that doesn't get you too worked up.
B000089RVX|5.0|Evanescnce is the bomb! All their songs are hip and cool! Their new style is exactly what I have been looking for. Before Evanescence, I didn't really know what kind of music I liked. I was kind of a lost soul in the music world. But Evanescence has Brought me Back to Life! I love their new style and awesome meaningful songs! Evanescence all the way!
B000002JS8|4.0|&quot;Highway ot Hell&quot; is the last in what I call the series of their &quot;Essential Four&quot; 1970's albums with original frontman Bon Scott. (High Voltage, Let there be Rock, Powerage, and this.) <br />The enlistment of Producer Mutt Lange (Mr. Shania Twain) was a wise choice. Put simply, the man had an ear for perfection. Under his helm the band's already superb sound was taken up a notch. <br />The opening title track is a great pace setter that only a non-fan hasn't heard at least once. &quot;Girls got Rhythm&quot; keeps a bouncy groove throughout. Things Heavy up a bit for the ensuing tracks. &quot;Walk all over you&quot; is a frenzied rocker with a slowed-down chorus that would be prime material for a Black Sabbath album! <br />&quot;Touch too much&quot; tells the story of a Bon Scott outing and is enhanced by the Backing vocals. Bon Screams his lungs out at the end. And speaking of Bon, &quot;Beating around the Bush&quot; is the perfect showcase for his sleazy voice. The chords of &quot;Shot down in flames&quot; are extremely catchy, and Cliff Williams plays a good Bass Line. <br />Before you click &quot;Unhelpful&quot; because my Rating Docked a Star realize I did that because to me the remaining Four Songs aren't as all-out consistent, catchy, or memorable in comparision to the album's first half, or their previous album's &quot;High Voltage&quot;, &quot;Let there be Rock&quot;, and &quot;Powerage&quot; for that matter. <br />&quot;If you want blood&quot; is decent and is also the name of their preceding live album that I've yet to hear. More great grooves lie in &quot;Love Hungry man&quot; bolstered by another fine Cliff Williams Bass Line, which shows just how underrated he truly is. The record crosses the finish line in the form of the bluesy and Swaying &quot;Night Prowler&quot;. <br />Bon Scott's Tragic and Untimely death would have spelled <BR>D-O-O-M for 75% of other bands, but the band kept the Momentum going with the help of a suggestion from a fan letter, recruiting Brian Johnson of The British Glam-Metal band Geordie. <br />In hindsight &quot;Highway to Hell&quot; is a bona-fide classic and set the table for the Band's magnum opus &quot;Back in Black&quot;.
0316666343|1.0|This was the 1st book that my book club read.  I wasn't too excited from the description (especially with all the heaven mumbo-jumbo) but after reading all the raving reviews i felt I should give it a chance.  I must say I was very disappointed.  The author was not able to caaptivate me from the start but I kept reading.  I have to say that this book is at the bottom of the barrel for novels i have read.  I felt that there was no climax or significant character development.  The interaction between the characters was not convincing either.  Don't believe everything you read about this book.  I want to make one thing clear.  My reasons for not liking it were not actually related to the heaven perspective of the novel.  I was willing to accept that I just think it was poorly written and the story poorly developed.  I don't want to crush anyones reading desires so if you want to read it go ahead, some people have liked it so you may like it.  However, if you asked for my personal opinion I would say leave it on the bookshelf and grab something else.  I would have given it less than one star but that was not an option.
B00008BXJG|4.0|&quot;Highway ot Hell&quot; is the last in what I call the series of their &quot;Essential Four&quot; 1970's albums with original frontman Bon Scott. (High Voltage, Let there be Rock, Powerage, and this.)<br />The enlistment of Producer Mutt Lange (Mr. Shania Twain) was a wise choice. Put simply, the man had an ear for perfection. Under his helm the band's already superb sound was taken up a notch.<br />I can only dream of being alive in 1979 and seeing this band's name up on the marquee alongside many of the era's legends, and jamming out in the stadium. But ah well. If you're in the same boat as me, some TREMENDOUS luck has sailed your way: This classic album has been Re-Issued and Digitally Mastered from the original mix-down 2 Track masters. Packaged in a fold out cardboard digipak which isn't renowned for it's durability, but included is a 16 Page booklet packed to the Brim with Rare Photos, fascimiles of the lyrics sheetnotes and all-new liner notes which make for a good read.  <br />The opening title track is a great pace setter that only a non-fan hasn't heard at least once. &quot;Girls got Rhythm&quot; keeps a bouncy groove throughout. Things Heavy up a bit for the ensuing tracks. &quot;Walk all over you&quot; is a frenzied rocker with a slowed-down chorus that would be prime material for a Black Sabbath album! <br />&quot;Touch too much&quot; tells the story of a Bon Scott outing and is enhanced by the Backing vocals. Bon Screams his lungs out at the end. And speaking of Bon, &quot;Beating around the Bush&quot; is the perfect showcase for his sleazy voice. The chords of &quot;Shot down in flames&quot; are extremely catchy, and Cliff Williams plays a good Bass Line.<br />Before you click &quot;Unhelpful&quot; because my Rating Docked a Star realize I did that because to me the remaining Four Songs aren't as all-out consistent with the album's first half, or their previous album's &quot;High Voltage&quot;, &quot;Let there be Rock&quot;, and &quot;Powerage&quot; for that matter.<br />&quot;If you want blood&quot; is decent and is also the name of their preceding live album that I've yet to hear. More great grooves lie in &quot;Love Hungry man&quot; bolsterd by another fine Cliff Williams Bass Line, which shows just how underrated he truly is.<BR>The record crosses the finish line in the form of the bluesy and Swaying &quot;Night Prowler&quot;.<br />Bon Scott's Tragic and Untimely death would have spelled <BR>D-O-O-M for 75% of other bands, but the band kept the Momentum going with the help of a suggestion from a fan letter, recruiting Brian Johnson of The British Glam-Metal band Geordie.<br />In hindsight &quot;Highway to Hell&quot; is a bona-fide classic and set the table for the Band's magnum opus &quot;Back in Black&quot;.
0316666343|1.0|This was the 1st book that my book club read.  I wasn't too excited from the description (especially with all the heaven mumbo-jumbo) but after reading all the raving reviews i felt I should give it a chance.  I must say I was very disappointed.  The author was not able to caaptivate me from the start but I kept reading.  I have to say that this book is at the bottom of the barrel for novels i have read.  I felt that there was no climax or significant character development.  The interaction between the characters was not convincing either.  Don't believe everything you read about this book.  I want to make one thing clear.  My reasons for not liking it were not actually related to the heaven perspective of the novel.  I was willing to accept that I just think it was poorly written and the story poorly developed.  I don't want to crush anyones reading desires so if you want to read it go ahead, some people have liked it so you may like it.  However, if you asked for my personal opinion I would say leave it on the bookshelf and grab something else.  I would have given it less than one star but that was not an option.
B000002BSG|4.0|Merge Stevie Wonder, Michael Jackson and The Brand New Heavies into one soulful persona and what do you get? Jamiroquai! This cd is loaded with amazing songs- flowing dance tracks, love songs, disco numbers and a couple of didjeridoo songs. Highlights of the album would be the hit, Virtual Insanity, a truely brilliant song, Cosmic Girl, a song that conjures up memories of models walking down the red carpet, Spend A Lifetime, an unnerving love ballad abounding in heart and soul and, surprisingly, the bonus track, a neat techno/dance track that serves as a very justifiable closer. All in all this is just a really happy album that will have you dancing and smiling in a flash. I'm not a big fan of &quot;dance&quot; music myself; the term often has a very negative chime to it. This cd, however, is just irresistable. I recommend it to everyone.
B000092ZYX|3.0|Some superior songs on this CD but I think the band is reaching the end of the run on a creative crest.  The musical stretch from Bends to Amnesiac is such a superior leap blending electronica, rock, and (no classification for some of the music besides Radiohead-ish) that there will be a plateau, or a album that doesnt measure up.  This is that album.  Another point, (politics aside) I hope they stop encorporating current day politics into thier music, it becomes VERY dated.  Nobody cares about the 2000 election anymore, at least there isnt a 'hanging chad' song.  Radioheads music should be timeless, no one wants to listen to this and say, oh this was 'that' year, I still listen to Kid A and think I am listening to an album from 50 years in the future.
B000002BYD|5.0|After seeing the video for Do The Evolution, I was completely enthralled and had to pick up this album. Although none of the songs are really comparable to the aberant Do The Evolution, the disc is nonetheless very good, very rocking, very fun. Brain of J is a superb opener. Thrashing guitars that light up the sky and pump up your adrenalin. It really fills up the speakers and stridently blasts aways. Faithful turns things around and offers a strong lyrical compostion that is less torrential then the forebearing gambit. No Way is another strong track that basically solidifies the listeners interest in the album. Given To Fly- more evocative raconteuring by Eddie, poetically limning the human that was given to fly. Wishlist portrays further emotion, offering such lines as &quot;I wish I was the full moon shining off your camaro's hood.&quot; Pilate- frightening and enticing at the same time. Fun song. Do the Evolution is unreal. Such a magnificent, feral song. I love it. The little red dot song follows up with some tribal weirdness. Low light is really gentle and nice, a very good summer evening song. In hiding is a bit angst ridden, but still a strong song indeed. Push Me Pull Me is very odd, with monastical backup singing and an overall deranged feel to it. And All Those Yesterdays is a great closer, coalescing all the elements of this album into one masterful ending. Coming From someone who's not a devoted follower of Pearl Jam, I'd just like to say that regardless of PJ's other successful albums, this is an exceptional record that would stand tall at any point of the chronicle of any band. Recommended to all.
B00009TB5G|5.0|okay obviously i havnt yet seen the extended versoin, however i own the first extended version and i have seen the \\"short\\" version and i absolutely love them. they misportrayed some things however they still did an excellent job. orlando bloom, elijah wood and billy boyd are all quite attractive and thats only like 5% of the reason i watch the movies and i am absolutly in love with Orlando Bloom.  these movies stand on there own and are an excellent buy. the action sequenses are unbeleviably good and they have skilled actors and actresses. you should buy both movies Fotr and ttt, and definately check out the return of the king as soon as possible. oh and definately dont forget to read the books
B00006690G|4.0|In listening, you can really get a sense of Eminem's life experiences. And the words he chooses to express himself with are truly amazing. This isn't just a cd for kids.
B00008DDXC|1.0|i am a huge fan of the books and i have been reading them since their american debut. i just cannot watch the movies. i don't feel they accuatly portrayed the characters and i don't feel they stuck to the book as well as they could have. they cut out scenes that were important and added scenes not in the book. they did a horible job. don't buy it.
0142004235|2.0|It's sad to celebrate the 100th year of Steinbeck, and realize he wasnt that great of a writer.  He is a story teller, but not a beautiful writer. East of Eden seems hurredly written, and I kept looking for a beautiful paragraph, a sentence that might make me read it several times.  East of Eden was a real disappointment to me.
6305014140|4.0|I've heard so much about this anime that I had to go get it, and I loved it!!  The story is wonderful and I've never seen such great animation and fight scenes, and the close attention to detail!  The only thing that bothered me in this movie were the nudity and sex scenes, while there wasn't a lot, it was quite detailed and I don't think they really needed to include that.  But aside from that this is a movie that you'll love and will keep you in suspense the whole way thru!  The characters are almost realistic looking, and very cool.  The animation is so fluid too!  Plot is really good, a few times it changed and I sort of got lost but not that big of a deal.  The villians are really awesome too!!  Very different and interesting.  I liked the snake lady (not the fact that she was naked though, yuck), it was really cool how they did the design for the tattoos and effects for her.  I'd rate this 18 and up for the sexual content and violence.
B000002UA5|4.0|too strange...highly experimental, only the live stuff is truly necesarry. and it brings a cool poster.
B00005NEZ3|5.0|I love this CD. Almost every song is likable. The sounds of noodle, russel, 2D, and murdoc are very unique. They incorporate unusal sounds like static that you wouldn't normally find in music. Their sound is very unique and mellow and you will often find yourself humming most of the songs. Tommorow Comes Today is one of my favorites, as is Slow Country and Rock The House. If you liked some of the mellower songs on Morning View (INcubus) such as Mexico, you'll like this cd.
B000002UA5|4.0|the studio album is just too strange to mention. nick masons compositions are especially senseless, but richard wright showcases his skill as a keyboradist, roger waters writes a strange number, probably the weirdest song ive ever heard in my life, but grantchester meadows is okay. the narrow way is the best 'suite' here. now on to the live stuff, which is the real gold. pink floyds first live album represents their live sound very well. all these versions kick ... any other versions of these songs found anywhere (astronomy domine is a good spacey rocker, careful with that axe is the best version ive found, saucerful of secrets, the live at pompeii one is too noisy, and set the controls, is probably the only one that i would say the best version of it is the one roger waters does on in the flesh: live, with this one at a close second.) buy it for the live material, and the cool poster it brings.
B000099T2L|1.0|or are there other people who are already sick of seeing Beyonce every time they turn around? Is she a pretty, shapely woman? Yes. Do the album cover and her videos show enough flesh? Yes. Is her music anything beyond what 500 other young female hip/hop/r&amp;b/rap stars are doing right now? A resounding NO. Is she a diva? Please. Is her talent level into the stratosphere? Again, PLEASE. C'mon people. Be honest with yourselves. Beyonce's music and voice are totally average. There's nothing at all exceptional about them. It's almost interchangeable with hundreds of others just like her. She is a mediocre talent at best, and she is NOT destined to become a music legend. The success she's having right now is largely a result of hype, plain and simple. And if you don't believe hype can sell mediocrety big-time, you need to take a WAY closer look at music and movies in particular. Beyonce is &quot;it&quot; right now. Will she still be &quot;it&quot; 3 months from now? Possibly, unless someone else comes along with more hype. Six months form now? Doubtful. It's a shame young singers with REAL talent either never get a fair shake or get stuck with lousy music.
B000002C1V|4.0|i agree that this is like roger waters' first solo efforet because there is no other keyboardist for pink floyd besides richard wright. roger waters can write some very good lyrics, but it gets a little repetitive sometimes. the best thing about this is the tone of the album, and how it ties into a whole concept. also memorable for the dedication to eric fletcher waters. if anything, this should be reserved for hardcore pink floyd fans such as myself, or fans of the roger waters era (DSotM thru Final Cut) or people who loved the wall and would like to hear what sounds like the wall continued.
B00006RIO7|4.0|Great movie, great songs, and great actors who double as excellent singers as well.  Everyone who is in this movie deserves special recognition for their singing (as well as dancing) abilities.  After many listens, I still can't choose a favorite song, my choices lie in between \\"Overture/And All That Jazz\\" sung by Catherine Zeta-Jones, and \\"Nowadays\\" sung by Renee Zellweger.  It was a nice surprise to hear John C. Reilly sing \\"Mister Cellophane.\\"  There is a song on here that was from a scene taken out of the movie called \\"Class.\\" There is a second version of \\"Cell Block Tango,\\" except it is done in the form of a hip-hop song by Queen Latifah, Lil' Kim and Macy Gray.  Surprisingly the song fits in well enough on this album.  You can also use the CD in your computer disk drive to watch behind the scenes footage, and interviews.  The only thing I was not crazy about was the Anastacia song, \\"Love Is A Crime.\\" If you love this movie as much, as I do, get this soundtrack!
B000002A3T|4.0|with how old they are, pink floyd should be a band to quit already. but they give us another nice album. its a little too long, and certain songs could have been excluded but other than that its good. i especially like the instrumentals, 'cluster one' and 'marooned', my favorite track is 'wearing the inside out' where richard wright sings (i think his voice is good, they should have let him sing more) and 'high hopes' is a good sad number with excellent lyrics. 'lost for words' also has good lyrics, and keep talking is cool. buy it if youre a casual pink floyd fan, not if youre one of those so-called &quot;hardcore&quot; fans that moan about how syd barret was better and that without waters, pink floyd is nothing. i dont find that to be true, which is why i liked this album.
0142000663|4.0|This book is probably the most influential book that I've ever read. It has truly opened my eyes to a different time to help me appreciate the life that I have, now. The story follows the Joad family; they are heading West, to California, after being kicked off of the land that they farmed and were sharecroppers on. The Joads have heard that California is fruitful, rich, and beautiful. What they don't know is that 300,000 people just like them are also heading West to the &quot;green pastures&quot;. Along the road, they battle death, hunger, and fatigue. When they get to California, they battle poverty, crooked authorities, and hunger. The family struggles to find work and find a decent place to camp. The story has varying chapters. One chapter is a generalization of what is happening at each stage of the migrants' journies. These chapters use vivid descriptions, metaphors, and history to create a picture for the reader. The other chapters are specific to the Joad family with plenty of personal adventures and dialogue. With each new chapter comes more intrigue, hardache, and adversities. Excellent, emotional portrayal of this devastating time period. I would have liked if there was a little more closure at the end. The book is long as it is, but I was left wondering about some of the characters. I guess it's just one of those cravings, same with movies, when you never want it to end. Steinbeck has opened up a world, to me, that is begging to be delved into and researched. I can't wait to learn more about what I read.<br />This book has really made me think about my life and the gratitude that I owe to everyone in my life. It's excellent to find that feeling of true thankfulness.
B000025XKM|5.0|I found out about Nick Drake a couple of years ago, in a strange way. I was sitting in my history class and I was getting ready to leave and i saw a stack of records on my teacher's desk. i browsed quickly through them, finding occasional gems like The Joshua Tree. I came upon Pink Moon. had it not been for the fact that Pink Moon was an inside joke between me and my friend, i would have glanced at the strange cover, remarked how cool it was, and put it down. instead i went to show it to my friend, and i popped it in my cd player. my teacher explained that it was just a guy with a guitar, very folky, from the 70s. My taste in music is very old, classic rock and the like, but i dont listen to much folk music. the first song was nice and mellow, i turned to the back and found it to be called Pink Moon also. then when i got home i downloaded a couple of songs from the album and i liked it so i went and bought the cd. what a pleasant surprise. i loved the album, even though im not a fan of folk (Dylan is not what he is cracked up to be, only some of his songs are any good.) but i still have this album and i still listen to it. the thing that makes it good is the sound of the acoustic guitar, plucked gently, the quality of the lyrics is very good, and each song is different, but the album is only half an hour long. if it was any longer it would probably get boring. this is a great album to relax with, or to sleep to. i thank the world for giving us this great man, and its a shame he didn't live to this day. i guess hes one of those artists that doesnt get famous until he dies... on another note i dont find this deeply depressing as other people do...it has very nice lyrics about normal things, and the tunes are either happy or spooky. on that, buy this and you wont be disappointed.
B00008OLYN|5.0|now you may think i am just some[one] who only likes the soft opeth songs. Well your wrong, i love everything opeth has done. so i simply say this. if u are a true opeth fan i think u would love this album...........buy it!!!!
B000024D4R|5.0|this album presents rogers first anger at the world on a full scale. attacking people ranging from regular citizens ('sheep') politicians ('dogs') and mary whitehouse and the like ('pigs') this album is also notable for dave's excellent guitar work on all three tracks, but the only thing bad i can say is that roger was taking too much control of the band, and they should have kept the lyrics simpler and more direct, a la DSotM or WYWH. good for someone whos venturing deeper into the world of pink floyd.
0380789035|5.0|This book will not disappoint, I great novel overall. As in most of Neil Gaiman's novel He doesnt give everything up until the end. (I hate reading a novel and know the ending by chapter 4) Some aspects were completely hidden until the end. If you liked neverwhere you will love this! Very addictive, I wanted to finish it just so I could move on with my life. Definately a book you wont put down!!!!!!
B000002U82|5.0|i could spend an entire day talking about this album, but i wont. if youre visiting this page, you probably know the whole legend, and just take advice from the other reviewers. all the songs are slow, with good work on all instruments. richard wright especially shines here, and gilmour was at the top of his game. roger fulfills his role on bass, but brings a new depth finally finding his place as the bands new primary songwriter. nick mason keeps the beat going, with his unique style of soft drumming (ROTO-TOMS!!!). but what really makes the album are the lyrics. 'time ' is my favourite track, 'us & them' is very notable, but there is not one bad track here. in a greatest hits collection of pink floyd, you could include every track from here if you had the space. anyone who doesnt have a copy of this should not be purchasing music at all.
0553062182|1.0|I found this book to be very boring. The first 3 chapters were totally useless. She says that this book is suited for everyone to read (health professionals, parents..)I don't believe so. Throughout the entire book I kept waiting for her to tell me something I didn't know. I bought this book to learn more about myself and about treating others. I learned very little from this book. I wanted to learn more about emotional sensitivity. The book however has little to do with that type of sensitivity. She wrote more about being overwhelmed by things such as bright lights, sounds, colors, etc. She claims to have found a new trait which she calls the \\"Highly Sensitive Person (HSP).\\" She says that about 1 in every 5 people have this trait. I really do not believe it is that high. In fact, I do not believe that this is a new trait at all. It sounds more like a combination of other traits that have already been found. Try reading a self help book on anxiety or shyness. In the beginning of the book she has a test for people to take to see if they may have the HSP trait. It seems as though she made it so that everyone will test positive..hmmmm$$$.? I had about 8 people take it. Seven of them tested positive. I thought only 1 in every 5 (20%) had this trait?<br />Maybe you are a person who gets very easily overwhelmed by things such as lights and colors. If so I have total respect for you. I just feel that there are probably better books out there than this one. I can't believe I made her richer and me poorer for this. I wish I would have read a chapter at the bookstore. Then I would have learned how useless this book was going to be for me.  College Student
B0000640SA|5.0|this is my favourite movie. i bought this limited edition the first day it came out, and i still watch it every time and i gather a new piece of info in the story. loads of secrets, but i wont tell you all of them...if youre a fan of dramatic movies, simplicity, or independent films...this is a must-have.
B00006WKY9|5.0|Any of you Scorp Heads from years gone by must remember the vinyl version of &quot;Taken By Force&quot; That had the full version of &quot;The Sails Of Charon&quot; with the psycadelic intro! Why has this version never made it to CD? I keep buying new versions of this CD hoping to find it. If anyone can help me with this please post!
0800177177|4.0|This is the first movie that I've watched that is actually better than the book. Gary Oldman does a superb job at being evil. He will leave you breathless! He also shows a very human side in this movie. Your heart can't help but ache for Dracula! Being torn between God and love makes Dracula all the more human!
B00005JM09|5.0|Terminator 3:Rise of the Machines is great and<BR>original Popcorn movie, that will please just <BR>about everyone.<BR>Sure, it stinks that James Cameron wasn't the <BR>director. It's ok though, because John Mostow <BR>did a very good job. <BR>Now I`m not that this movie is better than the <BR>first two. Far from it really, but it is still<BR>a worthy sequell none the less.<br />(The best part to this movie, is not just the <BR>special F/X, but Kristanna Loken is plays the <BR>evil TX. She's freaking hot!)
B00005Q4CS|3.0|I watched this movie because I kept hearing Howard Stern rave about how good it was.  I figured he was right about The Tao of Steve, so i gave it a chance.  From the beginning, I knew this movie was going to disturb me.  With the mother addicted to pain pills and the super-fast close-up camera tricks, I was on edge.  The only thing I did like was that Jennifer Connoly was in it and she had a brief nude scene.  Other than that, it seemed to be a little too artsy and in-your-face for me.  Some people love it, but I didn't.
B000002JSP|3.0|If you're looking for a Led Zeppelin cd to introduce yourself to this wonderful band, don't look here.  This cd is what I like to call Led Zeppelin-lite.  The songs are more pop-sounding; not at all hard rocking.  Please don't think that this cd is bad; Led Zeppelin's worst is better than many bands' best.  However, unlike Zep's groundbreaking earlier work, &quot;In Through the Out Door&quot; lacks the mutli-level quality of musicianship.  Too many of the songs rely upon synthesizers, such as &quot;All Of My Love&quot; and &quot;I'm Gonna Crawl.&quot;  Yes, &quot;All of My Love,&quot; is a very beautiful song, but more guitar work could have only enhanced it.  &quot;Hot Dog&quot; is an enjoyable and quite humourous little piece.  &quot;In the Evening,&quot; is a nice intro for the cd and is appropriately moody/mysterious to help balance out the other somewhat lightweight songs (&quot;Hot Dog&quot; and &quot;Fool in the Rain&quot;).  &quot;Caroselambra&quot; is too long; it seems to be long for length's sake, rather than actually exploring anything musically stimulating.  <BR>&quot;In Through the Out Door&quot; is not a bad cd at all.  All (except for maybe &quot;Caroselambra&quot;) are good songs.  However, for Led Zeppelin, it's not spectacular.  Perhaps it indicates all too well that the encroaching sounds of synthesized music spared none, not even the best.  If you're a hard core Zep fan, then by all means, go for it.  If you're a casual listener, then I'd suggest your start with Led Zeppelin II, then move on to I and take it from there.
B00006CXXU|5.0|All I have to say is I have never really been a fan of Christina's. I never liked her attitude. After listening to this cd and seeing her in concert, I can relate with her on a LOT of things. If she were to ever read this and I know she wont. I want to give my public apology to her, she has blown me away and I am a die hard fan now. Thank you for opening my eyes and my soul! You ROCK!<br />ALlxander
B00005IC2H|5.0|In order to believe that there is no other band on this planet that compares to Sigur Ros you MUST see them live. I bought () last christmas and I was really taken by it, still not really convinced. I saw them perform this past spring(2003) and I haven't been the same since. I later went out and bought Agaetis Byrjun and became undeniably convinced that the show was no fluke. Now when I hear the albums, I can't help but to think of that evening and how they performed it. Unbelievable. With their intelligent/artistic style of music and their passion on how they perform, there isn't any other band that comes close to moving their audiences like these guys. Not even Radiohead! See them live. You too will be convinced!!!
0375414053|4.0|I DON'T KNOW HOW SHE DOES IT is the story of a British Female Executive with an eighty-hour work week who also happens to be married with two young children.  This book made my life when I had two small kids years ago (while teaching school, Sunday School, having a Girl Scout Troop, and carting kids to ballet, art, piano, gymnastics, soccer, scouts, cheerleading, cooking dinner every night, and a ton of other things) seem like a Rip van Winkle snooze!  Kate Reddy, the thirty-five year old investment broker travels all over the world to oversee her multitude of accounts.  Her long hours away from home eventually take their toll on her family as well as herself.  She works in the stereotypical office (with men who are all chauvinistic pigs); the double standard is alive and well at Edwin Morgan Forster.<BR>This is a great vacation book, easy to pick up but also easy to put down.  Allison Pearson's writing is descriptive, colorful, and often times funny.  Take it with you to the beach!
B00005JL3A|5.0|The movie store, no good DVDs to hire. I scanned the shelves of weekly DVDs to discover Resident Evil there, and although I had seen it before afew days prior, I decided to get it again. I just loved it for the cast and characters.<br />Resident Evil: The Movie is set prior to the goings on of the game series, and explains how the T-Virus was initially released by a corrupt Umbrella Agent, seeking glory.<br />The Movie starts in 'The Hive', an Umbrella Secret Laboratory directly underneath Raccoon City. A figure is securing the virus in a briefcase, and happens to accidently let one capsule slip, splintering over the table edge and the floor, releasing the deadly virus into the air vents.<br />The Red Queen, the super computer of 'The Hive', discovers this Biohazard and immedietly takes action to prevent it's spread, sealing in all who work in 'The Hive'.<br />The story moves pretty quickly, considering that it only goes for little over one and a half hours, but the plot twists near the end as you get to know Alice, and Matt Addison, and all the cast of the Umbrella Special Operations Team.<br />It is a pity what happens to Matt though, personally I think it sucks, happening to such a cute guy, but still...<br />Can't wait til the next movie. So if you are a fan of the game series, I recommend that you check out this movie!
B00004YYDI|5.0|By accident, I stumbled upon this film while channel surfing one evening and watched it on television. Only later did I learn that its producer, director, and screenwriter (Luc Bresson) was also the driving force behind La Femme Nikita (1990) which I had already seen. There are several reasons why I find this film so fascinating. First, Jean Reno's Leon is thoroughly professional when completing his paid assignments as an assassin but proves emotionally vulnerable to his 12-year old neighbor Mathilda (Natalie Portman) when she suddenly has neither a family nor a home. Leon takes her in and, over time, she overcomes his reluctance to accept her as his apprentice. Obviously, she feels the need for formal training so she can avenge the loss of her family but also, I think, because she realizes that in the world she surveys, she must be able to protect herself against various enemies such as DEA supervisor Stansfield (Gary Oldman), her chief antagonist. His psychotic personality and violent behavior are at least partly explained by his dependence on drugs, of course, but also because he is determined to eliminate any and all threats to his professional authority and personal safety. To me, the most menacing person in the film, however, is mob boss Tony (Danny Aiello) who supervises Leon's assignments while carefully maintaining a public persona as affable merchant and devoted family man. When street smart Mathilda approaches him near the end of the film, she immediately recognizes his evil nature.<br />I also enjoyed the series of scenes in which Leon demonstrates his highly-developed professional skills. As in La Femme Nikita, Bresson effectively juxtaposes violence with sometimes unexpected tenderness. Those with a strong appetite for symbolism will probably have much to say about the potted tree plant which accompanies Mathilda and Leon from one residence to the next. I think it is a nice touch but not of major significance. I find it difficult to believe that this is Portman's first film, given the texture and nuances of her performance. Reno is superb throughout. Oldman probably had the most difficult role and is wholly credible as the corrupt DEA official. With regard to the film's conclusion, I commend Bresson for not tying up all the loose ends. Questions remain. For example, given all that has happened to Mathilda throughout the course of the film, what are her options now? Is she adequately prepared to cope with whatever may lie ahead? It would be interesting to check in on her at age 25 or 30. In the meanwhile, we can only speculate on the answers to such questions...and we'd probably be wrong.s Portman's first film, given the texture and nuances of her performance. Reno is superb throughout. Oldman probably had the most difficult role and is wholly credible as the corrupt DEA official. With regard to the film's conclusion, I commend Bresson for not tying up all the loose ends. Questions remain. For example, given all that has happened to Mathilda throughout the course of the film, what are her options now? Is she adequately prepared to cope with whatever may lie ahead? It would be interesting to check in on her at age 25 or 30. In the meanwhile, we can only speculate on the answers to such questions...and we'd probably be wrong.
0446678430|2.0|RY RR, and basically all of Kiyosaki's books, are motivators.  They try to rev up people about going out and being creative in their finances and working outside the traditional job market.<br />Ok.  That's good.  Most people ignore their economic health far too much and ignore possibilities for creative investing / owning a business and thus scuttle their chances for a comfortable retirement or financial independence.<br />But Kiyosaki, while giving the reader no hard data, seems to think that owning your own business/investing in real estate is very easy.  He encourages people to quit their jobs and work for themselves.  He ignores the fact that 9 out of 10 small businesses go belly-up in the first five years.  He ignores the fact that many small businesses never make sufficient profits to for a famliy to live on.  He ignores the fact that real estate has business cycles, management can be a huge headache, and there are many hidden costs that can cripple small scale investors.  What are these people supposed to do now that they've blown their savings and have no job?<br />Motivation is great, but without education novices are going to fail.  Kiyosaki provides nothing beyond the most rudimentary education in this or pretty much any of his books.  He does encourage further reading, but he really needs to inject a bit of reality into his books.<br />Furthermore, Kiyosaki appears to be making up most of his personal experiences.  A review of the Maricopa County, AZ assessor (where he lives) shows that he owns only two properties: his own home(worth far less than he claims) and one possible single family rental.  Not what the reader is led to believe.  Historical records also indicate that he wasn't exactly the real estate mogul that he implies to his readers in the 80's and 90's in AZ.  He did own a few properties, but his net worth and passive income could not have possibly been what he claimed based on it.  It's also doubtful if he made the kind of fortune he claimed before his books hit it big.<br />Even the omniscient Rich Dad appears to be a myth.  Seems like it'd be easy to track down the multimillionare who lived on the same street as Kiyosaki when Kiyosaki was growing up.  But nobody living or dead seems to fit the bill.  In fact, nobody living or dead in Hawaii seems to have owned the variety of businesses that Kiyosaki claims Rich Dad owned.  Couple this with the fact that Rich Dad doesn't get an acknowledgment in Kiyosaki's early books (which give acknowledgements to pretty much everyone else, including his Poor Dad), and it seems that we're all being swindled.<br />So, take this book with a big grain of salt.  Use it to get motivated about taking your financial destiny in your hands, but please learn from qualified advisors before you risk everything.
B00006690G|5.0|this cd is Great it should be the first eminem cd <BR>bought if you just started listening to eminem. <BR>its worth all the money you pay for it.<br />MY RECOMMENDATION: BUY IT NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000099T2L|4.0|the European import includes two extra singles, \\"work it out\\" and the \\"bonnie and clyde\\" hit with Jay-Z, and the Japanese import includes a third bonus track. I'm just wondering why in the U.S. we get constantly ripped off on our albums, when the same albums overseas have more songs...anyone know?
B00000K0EA|5.0|In some ways this superb Brosnan Bond is the opposite of the entertaining yet disappointing Die Another Day (DAD).  Superbly filmed, imaginative action sequences mix with two great examples of different \\"Bond Girl types\\", high production values, and Brosnan at his best.<br />The stunts here in Tomorrow Never Dies (TND) are the best of modern stuntwork with nonintrusive CG enhancement, while in DAD they just completely overdid it with the CG.  What's more, Brosnan obviously enjoys the action in this one (the joy exhibited in piloting the remote control BMW is priceless), and Michele Yeoh gets a chance to exhibit her capacity for martial arts.<br />Yeoh completely eclipses the erroneously suggested \\"Equal\\" of Bond in DAD, Halle Berry.  Whereas Berry tiptoes gingerly, confused about how to hold a gun, Yeoh simply gets in the action and dominates.  Yeoh also mixes better with Brosnan, with better chemistry.  For what is essentially the same character--another country's spy working alongside Bond--Yeoh defined the standard, while Berry doesn't even qualify.<br />Teri Hatcher also does a great job as an old flame of Bond's, allowing both her character Paris and Brosnan's Bond to evidence previous and current emotional ties.  She is a source of information, not an action element, the opposite of Yeoh's character by design.  Hatcher does a great job with this type of Bond girl, and is frankly under-rated by some Bond fans.<br />Finally, the story is absurd yet entertaining, and Pryce does a great job as the main villian.  For someone familiar with Pryce from Brazil, his later Infiniti ads did not unfairly taint my perception of his acting fitness as it apparently did for some other reviewers.<br />All considered--discounting the nostalgia that sometimes grants older Bond movies favor--this is my second favorite Bond, after Goldeneye (you still can't beat the combo of 006, Izabella Scorupco, Tank-lunacy, the vice grip of Onatopp, \\"I am Invincible!\\", etc).
0790729628|4.0|I bought the DVD of bladerunner after i bought minority report both of which were written by Phillip k Dick who is a brilliant author and i feel bladerunner aka do androids dream of electric sheep did  alot more justice to Phillip k Dicks book than Minority report it keeps quite close to the book and the actors represent the characters well. This film is a sci-fi classic and if your into the genre and have a open mind then you will love it simple as that.
0385503954|5.0|the book starts out slowly but at the end, the reader is left breathless and with a burning desire to read the whole book again to try to see the clues that lead up to the unbelievable ending.  Atonement reminded me of Amsterdam in this regard.
B000069HK2|3.0|The Used is extremely over rated. Don't get me wrong, I think they're a good band and I realy do enjoy this CD. The hype this band gets is annoying though. The countless little girls I had to endure in order to see the movie life, who were opening for the used, is just one example of what a pain hype can be. These songs are no where near poignant enough to be classified as emo, but they are still strong. All in all, it's an album that's entertaining, but nowhere near the genius of bands like cursive or thursday.
B00003CXZ4|5.0|I didn't exactly get the plot of the movie the first time I saw Memento.  One of the reasons is that its my first time to see a movie in a backward sequence, and aside from that, there are black and white sequences alternating to the colored scenes.  It's definitely confusing and mind boggling at first.  But still, I was impressed with the way the direction and the editing of the movie was done.  Pitch perfect to describe it.  The action sequences were also great and there are a lot of scenes that I'd like to see over and over again.<br />     I've seen the movie twice now and it has been one of my proudest owned in my collection.  Guy Pearce was great, so is Carrie-Ann Moss and Joe Pantoliano.  The second time I watched the movie, I appreciated it more and I don't think there would be any other movies that would par the excellence of narration in Memento.
B00000IQW3|5.0|One of the first major Sci-Fi movies with computer drawn special effects, but the real star is Preston as something like a Star Trek/Harold Hill.  Nice, light entertainment, no profanity, and a fun show to watch
B00005QZ7U|5.0|This two-disc special of Moulin Rouge DVD is definitely worth buying, more so if you love the movie and the brilliant direction of Baz Luhrman.  A lot of people have been comparing this movie to Chicago.  On my opinion, the music of Moulin Rouge is definitely much beautiful than the former.  The acting were incredibly superb and everything was just plain visual illusion.  Moulin Rouge is simply a feast to the eyes.  Very entertaining and alive.<br />  This DVD has the best features in the movie.  It was like Criterion who produced it.  I liked the poster gallery, the part where Kylie Minogue was doing her scenes, and a lot more that I've forgotten because they're just all great.  The DVD pack is complete, too complete in fact, you wouldn't ask for more.
B000068GA4|5.0|Despite a dull and lukewarm first album, Lucifuge tears down that first bad impression for good , blending magnificently healthy doses of Metal, Punk, Blues and Gothic overtones. Definitely, Lucifuge is not a revolutionary record, in fact, the structure and dynamics of the songs are not out of this world. However, the blazing spot of the album is precisely the great quality of the tunes, regardless its economical and \\"standarized\\" musical approach. All the songs are performed with pasion, lust and with that fascinating ominous aura so characteristic of Glenn Danzig. Is precisely the \\"cartoonish\\" sense of evil- that doesnt mean less menacing- along with catchy melodic lines and memorable choruses what make Lucifuge so fascinating.     The musical foundation is solid as a rock thanks to John Christ (g), Eerie Von (b), Chuck Biscuits (d), but the show belongs to Mr.Danzigs vocal performance which creates passages of post-modern obscurantism and gothic horror; sharing with us his depressing conception on modern life along with his affection for class \\"B\\" horror parnafernalia. A nice trip to Hell.
6305308659|5.0|One of the most terrific special effects done in a movie was definitely in this film.  The mixture of colors between the black and white and colored people and objects were superb, especially in the DVD edition.  Add to that a well written and funny screenplay, a good background score, and wonderful young actors to provide you entertainment in a movie. <br />     This movie is one of my favorite Hollywood movies in the sense that it does not bombard you with CGI or extraordinary special effects lacking with plot development.  Pleasantville is an artistic craft that puts audience in awe especially during the development of the plot.  In the end, we will all realize that there is only one permanent thing in this world, and that is: change.<br />     I think the DVD edition could provide more special effects like maybe interviews from Tobey, Reese, etc.  I was not satisfied with the supplementary features because it doesn't really add to anything except maybe when they show how the art of pleasantville was done.  Still, the movie is great.  A worth buy!
B00006SFBD|5.0|I came across Opeth on the internet by pure chance.  The samples I heard were from Damnation which is mellow and does not feature the growling death metal vocals.  I bought the album and loved it.  I was not so sure about buying anything else of theirs, because I've always found the growling death vocals laughable and annoying.  Well I tried one...Morningrise...and I wasn't too sure at first but after a few listens I decided that I didn't care about the vocals because the music was so stunning.  After more listens I even started not minding the vocals at all...they kind of grew on me.  So I bought all 5 of their other albums and they have become my second favorite band after Tool.  These guys are flat out amazing. By far the best \\"metal\\" band I have ever heard...the only metal I owned before Opeth was Metallica, and compared to Opeth, Metallica sucks hard, pure and simple.  My favorite album is Blackwater Park, but they are all amazing.  Get into OPETH!!
0316666343|5.0|Book mourning: (noun) That particular period of time after the completion of a book where you wish it hadn't ended but you're glad it has because you need time to digest what you've just finished.<br />I had heard about the \\"hype\\" surrounding the book before finally picking it up.  I was skeptic, as rarely do books live up to the media and popular attention surrounding them.  However I was refreshingly surprised at this page-turner of a book.<br />We meet Susie Salmon as she's living in Heaven after being brutally raped and murdered by a neighbor.  Through her eyes we follow her family and her friends, some of whom become friends only after her death, as they deal with the grief and loss of the murdered girl.  We watch her sister and brother grow up, her father turn frail, and her mother.. make choices none of us should judge in her grief.<br />But most amazing to me were the final few pages, the last few chapters that make me hope in a small way that Ms. Sebold's heaven can be my own.  The miracle of Ray and Ruth's gift will stay with you longer than many of the other virtues of this book.  And you will want to check in on Lindsey and Buck years from now to see how this incident has shaped their lives.<br />I understand the media blitz and the attention that was paid to this book.  For once the media spot-lighted a book worth of the attention.  I'll be passing this book on to others who I think need to learn the lessons presented between these pages.<br />And be sure to prepare to mourn the end of this book.  You'll feel bereft when you finish, but it's a good sort of loss.
B000000WCV|5.0|If you're reading this, chances are that you've already heard all the hype and the rave reviews of this album.  Often regarded as an essential electronica recording, it's not hard to see why: Daft Punk manages to make songs that sometimes have very minimal melody, or a minimally changing melody, yet they never seem to get old.  From the pure house of &quot;Revolution 909&quot; to the catchy single &quot;Around the World&quot;, this is a great dance recording, and a must-listen for all house fans.  (as well as anyone else)  However, for all people coming to Homework from Discovery, be warned: it's not the same.  Many Discovery fans just turn down Homework because it's not as accessible, but neither are by any means bad recordings.  Check both of them out.
B00006IUL7|3.0|Typical film for this suspense mystery genre. Nothing special here except for an outstanding preformance by Robin Williams. Not a complete waste of time. It's a great flick to watch on a rainy day, just don't expect anything different. There's nothing new under the sun, therefore it's all been done before. I'd just like to see it executed originally for a change.
B000000WCV|5.0|Daft Punk's \\"Homework\\" is a house masterpiece.  Often regarded as an essential electronica recording, Homework provides the hard-hitting club beats that are absolutely perfect for dancing, plus plenty of catchy rhythms and melodies to maintain the listener's focus.  Although some songs have lots of repetition(especially on tracks like \\"Rollin' and Scratchin'\\" and \\"Rock and Roll\\"), most people who are used to the repetitive nature of house and other electronic music won't find it hard to stand.  All in all, this is a very good release with many memorable tracks, but if you are new to this type of music (or if you expect it to sound like their other album, \\"Discovery\\"), look somewhere else.<br />Rating: 90%<BR>Grade: A-
B00005JLSE|5.0|This movie is wonderful and deserved the Oscars it won and the ones they didnt win.Its not fair of people to keep saying that the only reason that it won BEST PICTURE was because Moulin Rouge barely won any Oscars. That so unture! Yes, I did enjoy Moulin Rouge but Chicago was so much better. Another thing thats bothering me, everyone says Moulin Rouge paved the way for Chicago, another untrue statment. Chicago had been in the process of becoming a film before Moulin Rouge was ever even thought of. Anyways back to Chicago, its a great movie! If you are a person who is big on morals than maybe this isnt the right movie for you. You cant really take this too seriously. I mean another reviewer gave this movie 1 star and ranted and raved about how it didnt have any morals and how the bad guys win blah blah blah.. That person really needs some help if you ask me.The acting and singing are great. This movie sticks with you, after you see it you'll be humming Nowadays for the rest of the day (well at least I did). This movie totally rocks and is definately(i kno its spelled wrong) my favorite movie.
6300189821|5.0|The 1987 movie &quot;Mannequin&quot; was a great movie to see over agian after not seeing it for a long time. Andrew McCarthy is a very funny actor. It would also be nice if added to the &quot;Product information&quot; was the music info played in the movie.
B00005JLRT|5.0|I love this movie! I watched it 2 times in a row and then went and bought it immediately.   Shinzon is one of the best villans I have ever seen, I hope they find a way to bring him back.
0780631684|4.0|This movie is EXTREMELY entertaining and suspenseful.  The only reason I'm only giving it 4 instead of 5 is that FD2 is superior in every way...but please NOTE: You must watch #1 to get background information on many charcters and events before seeing #2.  So in that light, FD2 being an essential movie automatically makes FD1 an essential movie.  Plus, you'll like it, too.
B00005O3VC|5.0|at a grat film ! There is o one out there like Terry Gilliam. This s one of thoe rare films that keeps you entertained frm start to fiish. It is a fantastic journy of laughs for fns and non fas alike. This is a movie not to be misse. And the special dvd features are utrageous ! Quite a special comic achevement. A true gem in the otherwise bleak comedy movie gere. veryone should see this movie !3!
B000089RVX|5.0|Evanescence Fallen is a unique mixture of contagious beats with breath-taking vocals. The vocals are relaxing and the overall music is a greatly assembled mixture of alternative rock and acappela. This album truly deserves 5 stars*****
B00008WT5C|5.0|Great bluesy album from ac/dc. And if you go to acdcrocks.com you can use your cd to get access to the let there be rock video and you can listen to carry me home and CRABSODY AND BLUES in the audio section.
B00005LQ04|4.0|&quot;Suspiria,&quot; directed by Dario Argento, tells the story of a young American woman who goes to study at a ballet school in Europe.  But a gruesome murder early in the film indicates that horror lurks behind the school's elegant facade.  More horrors unfold before the true nature of the school is revealed.<br />I must admit that while a lot of hype seems to surround this film, I didn't find it to be as shocking or horrifying as I expected--perhaps the passage of time and my experience of more shocking films made after it has blunted its impact as a work of pure horror.  For me the enduring power, pleasure, and importance of &quot;Suspiria&quot; lie in its blend of visual and musical style.  Virtually every frame of the film--including the goriest and most violent scenes--is a lovingly crafted work of art.  Set design, costumes, etc. all come together to enhance Argento's brilliant use of color, shadow, shapes, and visual motifs.  At his best Argento creates an enchanting poetry of sadistic violence.  This visual genius is marvelously enhanced by Goblin's creepy, bold musical score--it's music that at times relentlessly assaults the listener.<br />&quot;Suspiria&quot; has been given a lavish treatment in this 3-disc DVD edition, complete with a wonderful booklet about the film.  Disc 2 contains a well-made documentary that commemorates the film's 25th anniversary.  It features interviews with the film's stars (Jessica Harper, Stefania Casini, and the marvelous Udo Kier), director Argento, the musicians who created the unforgettable score, and other key behind-the-scenes creative talents.  Disc 3 is a CD of the score.  It's a total package that really enhanced my appreciation and enjoyment of this remarkable film.
0385504209|1.0|This is a horribly researched book. Brown knows so little about Europe (and the UK in particular) that you have no confidence in anything else he is trying to sell with this novel. An awful read which will have you tearing your hair out at the mistakes.
0553277472|3.0|I don't love or hate this book to the degree that most of these reviews seem to indicate.<BR>My first and after twenty years continuing feeling about ZAMM is that Pirsig doesn't know where his strength lie.<BR>That is to say he's a first rate storyteller! He should go with that and let the characters and the situations get across the message without the meatball philosophical diatribes.<BR>I'm sure this has been said a zillion times but that's my two-cents worth.
B00005V3Z4|5.0|I hesitated to see this masterpiece of a film in theatres because I made the mistake of listening to the opinions of one ... Movie Critic ( This is the same goofball who also Dissliked The Usual Suspects, another Brilliant film well worth buying or at least renting once ). <BR>I now realize that said Critic is actually dumber than a bag of ... that was run over by a steamroller. <BR>Anyway I digress; The Plotline of Donnie Darko is short and to the point. <BR>Boy makes an imaginary friend. <br />Imaginary friend saves his life. <BR>Imaginary friend tells Donnie what to do and Donnie not only obeys without questioning but is also more than willing to do whatever is asked of him. <BR>At times funny, other times serious and sad, <BR>yet always amazingly entertaining and visually stunning. <BR>A wonderfull directorial debut from Richard Kelly ( Who also wrote the screenplay ). <BR>This film has made me a fan for life and I can safely compare him to such other master directors as Stanley Kubrick, Brian Depalma, George Romero, Lawrence Kasdan, Kevin Smith, Robert Redford, Rob Reiner Frank Darabont and Bryan Singer just to name a few. <BR>I have to take a moment and give a much deserved mention to Jake Gyllenhaal. <BR>I have yet to see a film starring this 22 year old master thesbian that I didn't truly enjoy. <BR>He can play funny as he did in the Comedy \\"Bubble Boy\\" <BR>He can also play serious as he showed us with true perfection in the wonderfull film \\"October Sky\\". <BR>I also credit the supporting cast Holmes Osbourne, Marry McDonnell, <BR>Jena Malone, Patrick Swayze, Noah Wylie, and Drew Barrymore. <BR>Not to mention Maggie Gyllenhaal ( Jakes real life older sister ). <BR>Who add depth and emotion to this film. <BR>In closing ( And I'm surprissed if you're still with me ). <BR>Donnie Darko is an amazing and wonderful film and like a fine wine must be taken in slowly and yet without hesitation to be trully appreciated.
B00005JMFR|5.0|I do believe that the Wachowski brothers have A LOT of surprises in their little bag of plot-twists and turns, so I will completely bypass the obligatory - \\"there are nested Matrices!\\" comments.<br />Anywho, to disprove a previous theory written on this very page, if the sentinels had a 'fail-safe' against destroying the anomoly, they never would've fired the bomb that destroyed the Nebuchadnezzar(hence killing Neo).
B00008S2VG|1.0|I'm not a Madonna fan, however I truly loved the &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; album that was released in 1998. When the &quot;American Life&quot; title track was played on radios back in April 2003, at first I thought it was another artist who took the name &quot;Madonna&quot; and recorded this tuneless song. Lately when I realized that it was the same Madonna who sang both &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; and &quot;American Life&quot;, I was like &quot;what the hell happened to her?&quot;. I just couldn't believe that the artist who wrote such haunting songs like &quot;Skin&quot; and &quot;The Power Of Good-Bye&quot; could be as minimalist as her. Fortunately the album is lyrically OK, indeed &quot;American Life&quot; is an interesting CD, as far as lyrics are concerned, especially the first three tracks that deal with the North-American lifestyle. Hopefully she will stop working with music rookie Mirwais.
B000002G7E|1.0|It might be remastered but the sound quality is a dull thud. I have a CD of Lou Reed performing on a local raido station many years ago. Transformer was due for release. It sound many times better than this &quot;ORIGINAL RECORDING REMASTERED.&quot;
B00008S2VG|1.0|I'm not a Madonna fan, however I truly loved the &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; album that was released in 1998. When the &quot;American Life&quot; title track was played on radios back in April 2003, at first I thought it was another artist who took the name &quot;Madonna&quot; and recorded this tuneless song. Lately when I realized that it was the same Madonna who sang both &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; and &quot;American Life&quot;, I was like &quot;what the hell happened to her?&quot;. I just couldn't believe that the artist who wrote such haunting songs like &quot;Skin&quot; and &quot;The Power Of Good-Bye&quot; could be as minimalist as her. Fortunately the album is lyrically OK, indeed &quot;American Life&quot; is an interesting CD, as far as lyrics are concerned, especially the first three tracks that deal with the North-American lifestyle. Hopefully she will stop working with music rookie Mirwais.
B00008S2VG|3.0|1999-2000 was a great year for Madonna. Not only did she cash in with &quot;Music&quot; (one of her best works to date) but she also added another &quot;musical catch phrase&quot; (a la &quot;Strike A Pose!&quot;) to her repitoire.  She had EVERYONE, Madonna fan or not dancing to the irresistable funkafied &quot;Music.&quot;  2 years and a flop of a movie later she sadly returns with a subpar album (along with &quot;Erotica.&quot;).  The leading single failed to top the charts but it is still addicting with it's killer bass hooks and great guitars.  Also amusing Madonna's rapping debut (well not exactly, she was kind of &quot;rapping&quot; in &quot;Vogue&quot;) where she talks about cruising in her Mini Cooper and feeling Super Dooper. She's satisfied.  But when she complains about her material possesions, she isn't as happy- which seems to be the album's theme, both living it up and slowing it down.  The main flaw with &quot;American Life&quot; is the second half (after &quot;Nothing Fails&quot;) where it seems like they just needed three more tracks (&quot;Die Another Day&quot; excluded) to complete the album and did it in a rush.  Don't get me wrong, as &quot;American Life&quot; does have it's highpoints.  This is probably one of Madonna's most introspective albums (see also &quot;Ray of Light&quot;).  It's where she learns who she really is.  &quot;I had so many lifes, since I was a child&quot; she sings.  And don't forget the unsatisfactory depression of &quot;I'm so stupid cause I used to live in a fuzzy dream. And I used to be like all the pretty people.&quot;  Her voice on that song (&quot;I'm So Stupid&quot;) is excellent, but elsewhere it is edited too much.  Madonna has a great voice. Not overdoing it like Mariah or Christina but nothing horrible like Britney or Ashanti.  The vocotor is NOT needed!  Another flaw is the production.  While her pairing with the French DJ Mirwais was refreshing on &quot;Music&quot; allowing her to re-invent herself once again, on &quot;American Life&quot; it falls a step  backwards and just sounds like recycled effects from &quot;Music&quot; (or in some cases, throw away tracks from &quot;Music&quot;).<br />Top Tracks:<br />Hollywood ~ Great message and mix of bass with guitars.<br />Nothing Fails ~ My personal fav on the album. Classic Madonna.<br />Die Another Day ~ The video for this is awsome and the song itself has great instrumentation.<br />American Life ~ I love the raps! Addicting production.<br />Overall, &quot;American Life&quot; is no &quot;Music&quot; or &quot;Like A Prayer&quot; (probably her two most consistant albums) but it doesn't fall into the disaster catagory.  If you're a die-hard Madonna fan this is for you. I'm just hoping she'll pick up better producers the next time 'round (as Cher did with a Rodney Jenkins remix on her latest &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; album). B-, on &quot;American Life&quot; it falls a step  backwards and just sounds like recycled effects from &quot;Music&quot; (or in some cases, throw away tracks from &quot;Music&quot;).  <br />Top Tracks:<br />Hollywood ~ Great message and mix of bass with guitars.<br />Nothing Fails ~ My personal fav on the album. Classic Madonna.<br />Die Another Day ~ The video for this is awsome and the song itself has great instrumentation.<br />American Life ~ I love the raps! Addicting production.<br />Overall, &quot;American Life&quot; is no &quot;Music&quot; or &quot;Like A Prayer&quot; (probably her two most consistant albums) but it doesn't fall into the disaster catagory.  If you're a die-hard Madonna fan this is for you. I'm just hoping she'll pick up better producers the next time 'round (as Cher did with a Rodney Jenkins remix on her latest &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; album). B-
B00000IMTF|5.0|This album is quite simply the greatest work by everyone involved.<br />Ronnie James Dio sings his ass off<br />Blackmore, after years of stagnating in a waning Deep Purple, wakes up and delivers some unbelievable playing.  Stargazer especially shows an uncaged Richie at the height of his powers.<br />Cozy Powell (RIP) If there is a better drummer from the NWOBHM please tell me who he is. He rules on this album, and delivers another in a string of fine performances.<br />Tony Carey had his work cut out for him.  Playing a lead instrument with Blackmore around is a daunting task for any keyboard player (in other words: only the strong survive). Carey hits it out of the ballpark especially on Tarot Woman.<br />Jimmy Bain is a solid bass player and is still with Dio, good work here by a Journeyman.<br />I put it in the top ten Hard Rock/Heavy Metal albums of all time.
B0000640VO|5.0|Too many people are turned off by subtitles.  Well, subtitled or not, this is a film you shouldn't miss.  Few films make me actually laugh out loud, but Amelie is at the top of the list.  If the Coen brothers made french romantic comedies, this would be the result - a refreshinly bittersweet romantic comedy that is always just slightly left of center.  The charming direction and cinematography add to the bitingly funny story of a young woman struggling to reconcile her rich fantasy life with reality, her quest for romance, and the desire to create a beautiful world for those around her.  Hollywood would be hard-pressed to make a film that compares to Amelie, so be sure not to miss out on the original.
0345442970|5.0|This book is a \\"most read\\" for every Star Wars fan. You learn how seemingly innocent Palpatine \\"marketed\\" himself while cunningly playing both sides of the fence. He was basically brewing the conflict that would push the Republic to become a dictatorship/empire while guaranteeing that he would be at the head of it. You get introduced to Palpatine/Darth Sidious, Gunray, Amidala, Tarkin, more of Qui Gon, Obi Wan, Vergere (yes NJO's Vergere), Yoda and Mace Windu, etc. Amidala's role is disappointing and short. She is inexperienced and easily manipulated at the end; Palpatine played her good, but he was also able to play Valorum all the way, who has a lot of political experience. Palpatine is already positioning himself to take over. He played the Trade Federation, the Nebula Front, the other senators, etc. James Luceno managed to create a brilliant senator in Palpatine - nothing less could had destroyed the Old Republic. That is what makes this book excellent. This book is more about Palpatine than about Qui Gon or any other Jedi. That is where the title \\"Cloak of Deception\\" fits perfectly. I rarely read books twice, but this one is worth it to pick up on the details and to learn from a master of the political game, Palpatine, who is machiavellic. I have enjoyed almost everything that James Luceno has contributed to the Star Wars universe and he is up there with TZ - Timothy Zhan. I cannot wait for the New Jedi Order (NJO) finale, The Unifying Force, written by Mr. Luceno and coming up in Nov. 2003. I already expect that Luceno will do a great job on than one, too.
B00005Y7KX|5.0|the first time i ever saw this rockin movie was in lebanon where i instantly fell in love with it. we bought it from there  but i was totally bummed out because it didnt work here so i bought it again and spent another 50 bucks (totally worth it) and bought the right zone. omygod i watch this movie like everyday and never get sick of it. i still cry every time and my heart still melts at the crazy love story. its just so all around beautiful. definatly a charmer. this is my favorite movie of all time and now im getting my friend natalie in it too. i think shes really beginning to like it! :) NO DOUBT! BUY THIS MOVIE!
B00007G207|3.0|The \\"original\\" (U.S. theatrical) version of this film has long been a favorite of mine.  I had little interest in the newly-released director's cut, but purchased this DVD as it contains both versions.  (Note:  The \\"original\\" version is on side B of the two-sided DVD.)  Out of curiousity, I did watch the newer version and the additional footage was, in my opinion, worthless.  These scenes did indeed alter the very essence of the film, and I'm puzzled that the director had such a very different intent for the movie.  <br />The real \\"love affair\\" of the 1990 version was the father/son relationship between Alfredo and Salvatore.  In fact, I always considered the boy/girl romance a superfluous element in the plot.  I also appreciated the innocence of this film - an innocence that I believe was one significant reason for it's success.  The director's cut trades in that innocence for something much cheaper and less palatable.  There are several unnecessary sex scenes.  Three primary characters are tainted: Alredo comes off as a liar; Toto's behavior is pathetic; and Elena is robbed of her purity. I was really stunned at the complete transformation in the film's entire message. <br />This newer version truly diminishes the film in every possible way.  I never thought I'd tire of watching \\"Cinema Paradiso\\", but the last half hour of this was unbearably tedious.  The ridiculous reunion of Salvatore and Elena also serves to lessen the incredible final scene.  <br />As another reviewer noted, some stories are best left untold.
B00004Y6Q5|4.0|While a i was watching the movie i thought \\"i gotta buy this soundtrack\\" and i did. The music in the CD appears just like in the movie and that's the problem, you won't find a full track in this cd, there are 30 songs that can be 3 in time. That's why i gave it 4 stars instead 5. But, if you liked the movie you can take it. Anyway, it's a great cd, the songs are truly intense and the strings arrengements are spectacular. You won't regret it.
B000092ZYX|5.0|About halfway through Hail To The Thief, it hits you. Thom and the boys have gotten in touch with their inner humans.<br />Sound experimentation is used to enhance the music rather than to substitute for it. The lyrics are relevant and oddly appealing. This is music for men and women, not robots. Radiohead has produced a stream of consciousness ode to survival in a troubling, overwhelming world, and reestablished itself as a rock band in the process.<br />HTTT has been described as a synthesis of Amnesiac and Kid A. It isn't. Some songs (\\"There there,\\" \\"Where I End and You Begin,\\" \\"Scatterbrain\\") actually hearken back to Pablo Honey's best tracts (\\"Stop Whispering,\\" \\"Ripcord,\\" \\"Vegetable\\"). Because HTTT is as much rock as electronica, one of the band's most talented members, drummer Philip Selway, gets to show off his skills again. His percussion--actually on drums at times--is flawless. <br />A word of caution is in order. It is easy to read too much into Radiohead's lyrics. Some words are apparently chosen because Thom Yorke simply likes the sound of them (\\"myxomatosis,\\" \\"raindrops,\\" \\"dinosaurs.\\"). While the title promises a political screed, the general tone is more of helplessness than anger.<br />Soullessness, though, isn't necessary even in a world that's gone to the dogs while \\"you have not been paying attention,\\" to paraphrase Yorke. It is hard to imagine Radiohead turning out another Kid A. The question, though, is where the band goes from here now that they have reconnected with their humanity.
B00005JLSE|5.0|The movie musical is back and this movie is an awesome way to bring back my favorite genre...
0792839730|3.0|I first saw the theatrical release in 1977 at the age of eleven with my parents.  My father wanted to see it no doubt largely because he played a role in Market Garden as a crewman on a C-47.  The event made a strong impression on him because it was the first time he had flown in combat.  <BR>As a child the scope and action made a strong impression on me and I have watched this film dozens of times since on TV.  Not too long ago I purchased the DVD to have so that I can pass on some information to my children about their grandfather's role in the epic conflict of WWII which becomes more remote and abstract with each passing year.<BR>Since then I have read the book many times as well as various related books to the topic.  Firstly the movie was intended to explain a large, varied, and important historical event.  It was also created very much as a product of war film-making as it stood at the time.  Lots of characters with none having primacy, all of these people being played by actors with name recognition factor.  Nowadays they would never do this because too many actors would want too much to be in it.  I have a feeling they must have worked near scale to be in this.  Once I had a better understanding of the difference between good and bad acting I have to say for the most part this is pretty bad acting throughout.  Perhaps that's unfair in that the screenplay tended to use rather cliched and predictable, stereotyped conversation.  Ryan O'Neil is particularly bad in my opinion.  Someone pointed out that he was portraying a thirty something general and that this was laughable.  I don't know where that comes from.  Age wise he was right on to play Gen Gavin.  But that was where the similarity ended.  Michael Caine never fully rids himself of his cockney accent which undoubtedly Col. Vandeleur would not have had as an upper class career British Guards officer.<BR>Action wise the movie darts from units in different areas which could be very confusing for those withouta grasp of the actual campaign.  The battle scenes were in keeping with the techniques of the time but now have been far outstripped by the new ones that make heavy use of computer animation such as the Stuka attack in &quot;Enemy at the Gates&quot;.  It's hard to compete with that.<BR>Accuracy of gear and uniforms was good, particularly for the Allies.  For the Germans not as much.  German tanks were some sort of slapped together rough re-creation of a Panther.  At least they tried as opposed to the ridiculous use of 50's and 60's era US tanks for panzers in &quot;Patton&quot;.  They did an excellent job recreating fleets of C-47s with a limited number actually available.<BR>The musical score is excellent.  Truly a holdover from when custom orchestral work was standard.  The DVD is rather poorly mastered but for the price what would anyone expect?<BR>In the end if you are interested in the battle this is it.  This is the only place you'll see this many British Airborne.  Obviously story wise and intimacy wise American airborne portrayals have far outstripped this in &quot;Band of Brothers&quot;.  I doubt we will ever see a war film that tries to convey such a macro vision of this battle.  Truth be said I think history and those of us interested are better served by works like &quot;BoB&quot; which portray the experience of war more like it is, personal, dirty, cold and ugly.  <BR>In the final analysis if you are interested in the event this is your only choice. For those willing to accept some flaws and not be too overly critical of detail or acting styles it is not either a waste of time or money.
B00009V7P8|5.0|Damien Rice says his music is sort of like \\"post poo\\". And believe it or not he is correct. Listen to O and you will understand what he is talking about. <br />I had the pleasure of seeing him in Chicago recently. I can't wait until Sept. 23 when he returns. Pick up this album today. Atleast go to his website and download some songs, you won't be disappointed.
B000099T2L|3.0|Destiny's Child has been a major success mainly in part to Beyonce.  However, it would seem that the star of the group would release the best album.  Yes, it is a #1 album, but it seems to be riding the first single &quot;Crazy in Love&quot;  I will give Beyonce some credit for the album, but alas, I believe she tried too hard.  It's a fun album, but could have been toned down just a tad.  Hopefully, next year's Destiny's Child album will bring back some faith in Beyonce for me.
B00008LDPU|5.0|For those of you that didnt like &quot;World Record&quot; its because it is the only short that requires abstract thought.  Go back and watch it again. Im not going to spoil it for others, watch it again, it makes perfect sense.
0385504209|2.0|Despite impressive scholarship, this poorly written book fails to deliver except as a cheap thrill ride.  The Holy Grail legend and its connection to history, art, architecture, the Church and secret societies would have been better served in a non-fiction piece than this amatuerish and implausible plot with its annoying and one-dimensional characters.  (But there's not as much money in non-fiction).  The attempts at humor are enough to make you toss it into the fire.  Everything falls so conveniently and completely in place, down to a peanut allergy in the last act - that it rings utterly hollow...sillier than an Agatha Christie mystery.  The bad guys get their comeuppance and the hero and heroine get together...how predictable.  That the entire book and countless revelations take place in a matter of hours and between virtual strangers is ludicrous.  There's undoubtedly an audience for this kind of pablum.  It kept me interested; it's not dull, but sophisticated writing, it's not.
B00005LB50|2.0|I've always liked these guys, but this is a mess:  table scraps, studio banter, amplified clicks and pops.  Look, there was only so much good music this unlikely and short-lived group was capable of, and it sure wasn't sufficient to spread over four CD's.  Even some of their best songs were poorly recorded, especially on their debut.  In places they sound like a garage band.  And Stills, with his sophomoric lyrics, deserved less air time.  Save your money, buy the second album and let Buffalo Springfield rest in peace.
B00004TRD8|5.0|it was wild, full of action, and fun.
0316096199|4.0|I was so emotionally involved with this book; I read it in 2 days. Sebold writes in a way that makes you feel you are the main character. When she was running; I felt out of breath. When she was crying; I wept. When she spoke of her parents; I saw my mom standing there. This book was probably the best I have ever read. I thought it would be too disturbing for me; but instead it opened my eyes to the trials others face in life. MUST READ
B000002KIE|5.0|\\"Never Mind the Bollocks,\\" the sex pistols first album, is the best punk album ever.  Johnny Rotten's anger, emotion, and lyrical genus combine with great instrumental performances by Paul Cook, Steve Jones, and Sid Vicious to make this revolutionary album.  What the pistols lacked in lyrical talent they made up for with pure emotional anger, creating the most significant record in the history of punk.
B00005JLKB|5.0|Smallville is a great show, at first I was'nt a big SuperMan fan but after seeing Smallville when it first appeared on t.v. I was wow, SuperMan kicks butt. Tom, Kristin, and the rest of the cast are great, I love the plots and how it tells about how clark gains his abilities and even though he is the man of steel, he can be hurt pretty bad by seeing the ones he loves get hurt. Well it is a great show and I watch it all the time, and can't wait for the next season and hope all of them come out on dvd, or vhs. And btw Kristin Kreuk is just an amazing actress and so beautiful. I would give everything I havejust to be able to get to know her personaly. Anyways BUY BUY BUY this!!
B00000K3D4|5.0|This movie is and will forever be a classic.  It is one image that sticks out in my early childhood.  Now that I'm older, I STILL think this movie is spectacular.  The creativity and art that went into this movie is overwhelming.  It's all there: the set designs, costumes, and especially the puppets are all beautifully constructed.  I consider it to be a real treat to watch the product of intensive work and collaborative artistic talent.  Often humorous and exciting, the Labyrinth is a movie for all ages.  Buy the DVD version for a fascinating inside look on the creation of the puppet characters!
0142004235|4.0|Personally, I liked the movie better. Jane Seymour was brilliant!
B000002UZ4|5.0|If you were only going to have one PSB album (and who would have only one??) this would be the one.  When it was released, it was the &quot;complete singles&quot; edition, although even then it wasn't -- the limitations of CDs meant they had to make a few choices about what to include and what to leave out.  However, all the big hits, those songs for which the Pet Shop Boys are most remembered are here.<br />Of course their first international smash hit was &quot;West End Girls&quot; and that song remains the big standard for them.  It wasn't really their first song or first attempt at a single, but it is the first major song.  The songs on this album come from the albums &quot;Please&quot; (which includes &quot;West in Girls&quot; and &quot;Opportunities&quot;), &quot;Actually&quot; (including &quot;It's a Sin&quot; and their partnership with Dusty Springfield for &quot;What Have I Done to Deserve This&quot;) and &quot;Behavior&quot; (including &quot;So Hard&quot; and &quot;Being Boring&quot;).<br />This also includes some of the songs between the albums.  The Pet Shop Boys have made a point of doing &quot;remakes&quot; between their major albums -- these have included covers of &quot;Always on My Mind&quot; and a combination/remake of &quot;Where the Streets Have No Name/Can't Take My Eyes Off of You&quot; -- somewhat bizarre twists of songs that work even out of their typical musical area.<br />The Pet Shop Boys sound is very 80s, trickling a little into the 90s but only just.  However, the 80s sound is still around in many ways, and the Pet Shop Boys are without a doubt a strong influence on the popular music of the time.  This album, &quot;Discography&quot; gives the best overall collection of the Pet Shop Boys in their prime -- the albums that have followed have had good reception among their established fan base, but they don't really make the splash they used to.  The DJ Culture has changed, but the PSB are rarely Being Boring.
B00005JLSE|5.0|That some people just get waaaay to silly when their chosen film doesn't win an Oscar!<BR>Chicago is a fabulous film, much stronger than Gangs of New York for one big reason for me, I walked out of Gangs wondering why the movie was made. It was beautifully filmed, well acted by Daniel and others certainly, but the movie had a huge cloud of depression running throughout. And when it got to the end it made me feel like MS' message was \\"Life is pointless, you won't make a difference no matter how hard you try, so why bother?\\"<BR>It was really a shame becasue it truly had some good moments and Daniel was just superb, I do think he should have gotten the oscar..but oh well.<BR>Now Chicago, ahh Chicago, for a film that is also about a depressing subject like Gangs, the Piano as well as The Hours it left you smiling and humming as you left the theater.<BR>My BF who isn't a big musical fan loved this film and we both just had the time of our lives. Even more so since we saw Gangs on the same day!<BR>Renee is amazing, she isn't a broadway star but she CAN sing and she was lovely and very convincing as Roxie, who ISN'T supposed to be as talented as Thelma.<BR>Catherine Z-J was simply amazing as was Queen Latifah. But who really impressed me was Richard Geer, a lukewarm actor in my opinion and someone I thought was \\"OK\\" suddenly lit up the screen and impressed me so much. He obviously worked very hard and was so amusing as Billy Flynn, even if the others hadn't been as strong as they were I think I would have enjoyed this film. I've heard folks who've seen the original stage show say the movie is actual stronger and better as they cleanup a choppy plot and made it flow better for the song transitions.<BR>As for the Moulin Rouge comments, OK the movie was awesome, it also deserved the Oscar but it didn't get it and that has NOTHING to do with why Chicago did! Relax people please....<BR>And I say BRAVO to Chicago, you deserved it!
B000002NJS|5.0|This album will be a classic! It has a definitive dance/house-like tone through the entire album. With most albums from artists there are allways a few songs which get skipped once you know them. This album doesn't have them! (Well: I don't really like Shanti/Ashtangi). Also: the ablum is very well compilated and done: a keeper!
B00005JLT5|5.0|It was very difficult for me to watch The Pianist.  The violence depicted against the Jewish community was horrifying.  Many times I questioned out loud how a person can do such things.  I keep hoping for the best.  Each time my wish was granted surprising me.  It was an outstanding film.  You can tell that a large amount of love was devoted from all who were involved providing the audience with one of the few perfect films.  The praise presented from critics and film institutions is warranted.  Adrien Brody has brought a new level of talent to the film industry.  He has set a standard that those in the business need to study.  Every year I watch a number of so called Academy films.  They are boring. Actors fail to impress me.  Plainly said they [stink].  Some are worse than other but you get the idea.  Great movies are to have a special aspect setting them apart from all the rest.  All the dimensions including Actors, Directors, Producers or Screen Plays should rise to the occasion.  The Pianist achieved all this and more. If you have the time look up the number of awards won by The Pianist. I get chill bumps.  Watching The Pianist is an experience I will not soon forget.  The world is so lucky to have Roman Polanski.  He is the director behind classic movies such as Rosemary's Baby and Chinatown both I recommend you rent this week. He is a genius.   To express my feeling about The Pianist is hard.  Rent or buy this movie before any other movie.  You will be very glad you did.  There is a reason it is #29 on imdb.
B00005RFQ5|4.0|This is really a Prince classic! I can't get enough of the title song: Rainbow Children. Most of the songs are really jazzy/funky: so Prince is back!<br />This album has one BIG drawback!: the audio-technicians mastered it with a huge output level: so there are millions of clipping spikes in the recording! (Ah, so there went that fifth star...) For everyone: load the audio recording in a audio-editing application like Sound Forge or Gold Wave and look for clipping. This is really amateuristic. I think this is one of Prince's best albums musically, but audio-like it's a disappointment. I allways thought the audio sounded bad, now I know why.<br />By the way: most people don't even hear the difference, but when you have a nice stereo-setup and really appreciate good *sound* (next to: good *music*) then beware this album.<br />To Prince: please offer your fans a corrected MP3(256kb) download.
0783240236|5.0|Okay, let me preface this review, by saying that &quot;The Birds&quot; is my all-time FAVORITE Hitchcock horror movie. Tippi Hedren stars as blonde bombshell, Melanie Daniels, a wealthy, but fun-loving socialite. When Melanie runs into hunk lawyer played by Rod Taylor, she is intrigued, and decides to purchase a gift - a pair of lovebirds- for his sister. Melanie travels up north to Bodega Bay, a small-town on the coast, to deliver the birds, unaware that she is unwittingly driving into danger- the birds, driven by unknown malice soon begin attacking the town and its residents.<br />Okay, the birds is quite simply fantastic. The scenes  actually shot in Bodega bay were really cool. The birds made excellent and implacable enemies, and I liked the character of Melanie, who is a spunky and resourceful heroine, (I liked the fact that she cold handle an outboard without a man to help her! And in two-inch heels to boot).<br />Overall, an excellent, Excellent film.<br />Minor peeves: Hitchcock has Melanie driving through Big Sur to get to Bodega Bay. This was funny. Big Sur is located in Southern California  and is about 2.5 hours /south/ of San Francisco. Also, I felt the ending was rather abrupt. There was no resolution! Or any understanding WHY the birds go berserk! LOL.  This movie is a great movie. Definitely a keeper.
0688156819|2.0|I like Tim Burton stuff, I really do.  But Oyster Boy was a let down.  It's a very small book with very little content.  It has a really Gorey type drawing style, and that's always fun, but it wasn't anything new or interesting as far as creepy art goes, and not nearly as good as actual Gorey art.  The stories are short; most bits aren't even a page long and read like silverstein poems.<BR>The only high point of the book is probably the multi-page oyster boy story, but all the rest are just lame attempts at being weird.
0385504209|5.0|i get the sense that Dan Brown wrote the Da Vinci<br />Code book in an attempt to shatter myths &<br />paradigms like faberge eggs by bringing the<br />legend, history, & relevance of the of the holy<br />grail to the masses, as only a best selling work<br />of fiction could. to the degree that they are<br />factual, the implications the author makes are<br />relevant to everyone.<br />the author takes every opportunity to pummel<br />readers with facts, as he reveals the origins of<br />various words, \\"pagan\\" for example, & explains<br />the significance of the sacred feminine & the<br />tragedy of its fall from prominence. the sacred<br />feminine is the foundation for this book.<br />i'm a sucker for anything tied to Da Vinci; the<br />author includes some facts about Da Vinci &<br />various other standouts from history.<br />the book gave me a lot to wonder about. primarily<br />i wonder how much was true. i still don't<br />understand how the masons are connected to the<br />whole thing. he didn't explain the masonic<br />references well at all, which i regret.<br />time for non-fiction i supp0se.<br />anyway, if you don't already know much about the<br />holy grail, this book will be an interesting &<br />entirely entertaining way to find out what the<br />holy grail is purported to be.<br />the characters were somewhat underdeveloped.<br />there was some predictability. it moves fast at<br />first, towards the end it slows down, the<br />dialogue tires out & the story begins to feel<br />awkward & hastily contrived.<br />overall it was entertaining & informative. i<br />enjoyed it.
0385474547|5.0|First of all, let me say that the 1- and 2-star reviews of this novel listed here seemed to me to be totally missing the point of this book.  Both said that it was unitersting because it wasn't deep enough or lacked any substance other than a portrait of the Ibo culture. In my opinion, this could not be further from the truth. Many people believe that &quot;Things Fall Apart&quot; is a reaction to Conrad's &quot;Heart of Darkness.&quot; What this means is that Achebe is showing that the &quot;natives&quot; that Conrad writes of dancing on the bank of the river actually are a people and are not just resources for white men. It also means that this book is a protest against imperialism, which is portrayed in the relationship between the Ibo people and the Church representatives.<BR>  Also, Okonkowo's plight to become something in society and his ultimate demise is quite universal. Similar to Ellison's &quot;Invisible Man,&quot; Achebe shows the struggle between trying to find an individuality and following societal expectations.<BR>  Overall, this book is fun, emotional, educational, and just plain great, all in one. I would recommend it to anyone, especially book lovers.
B00005JLRT|5.0|I did not go to see the film when it came out, I must admit I was put off by the very negative remarks about the film.  BUT I did buy the DVD and I must say I do not understand 'WHY' there were so many negative remarks.  I enjoyed the film, infact I have seen it twice now.  I sincerely hope that they do all come together again for one more film.
0786915749|4.0|It's a really good book, but is it just me, or was it the same ol' stuff over and over throughout the entire book. These are great authors, and this is the book that they fall short on...to me anyway. I suggest reading it, but it's not a classic.
B000069I3K|5.0|I have this movie, and enjoy it every time I watch it. <BR>Not to cutesy, but a great story. Looking at the DVD behinds the scenes of ET is actually what I enjoy watching!! The spaceship<BR>is touched up, and a few extra scenes which we all know are added. I don't think one has to own it to truly enjoy it-<BR>rent the 2002 release on video or DVD!<br />I do watch this when I don't know what to watch, or when I have nothing to do. Good pizza movie.
B000002UAR|5.0|14 great tracks make this one super album.Revolver has recently won the title \\"greatest album ever\\"in different polls,little wonder why.
B00005RHGK|5.0|Jeepers Creepers is a scary film that gets your heart racing and it does get you pretty excited. The music and the scenery is what really sets the whole mood of the movie. Throught out the film there are scenes where it is pretty dark and some very bright. It takes place in a very rural area, where you rarely ever see any cars. The setting is also completed with crows, an old gas station, and an old abandonded, dilapidated church. <br />The music is mostly instrumental, and of course their is the famous song, \\"Jeepers Creepers\\". The instrumental music is very grim and can in some climaxing parts of the movie get pretty loud and even more creepy sounding.<br />I think the best aspect of the movie is the fact that they really don't reveal the sinister character in a way that it didn't look really fake at all. It wasn't like in the movie Signs how they showed the alien completely, they kind of kept this characters appearence a secret. It wasn't until later in the movie they showed the characters face for a short time. I am not going to give the movie away, but their was a scene in the movie where they did show the body of a person, but they used a wax person, and it did look fake. You could definately tell that the person was not real and you could see how the features were implied. <BR>Jeepers Creepers is not one of those chessy films, in which you know what is going to happen in every scene. The film has its mysteries, and you will definately not get bored from watching it. The movie gives a great performance from Justin Long and Gina Phillips. This is the kind of movie you can watch over and over again, and it will still scare you each time.<BR>The DVD also features great special features. The DVD disc has two sides to it. On one side you can play the film. On this side you can turn the Audio comentary with the director Victor Salva on or off,you can decide whether you want Widescreen or Standard sized screen, and you can decide between three spoken languages. Another thing you can do is look at the cast's filmographies. On the other side it has all the other special features. You can enjoy watching deleted and extended scenes, the making of the movie, and theatrical trailers of the following movies:<BR>Jeepers Creepers, Hannibal,The Silence of the Lambs Special Edition DVD Trailer, The Terminator Special Edition DVD Trailer, and the Carrie Special Edition DVD Trailer.<BR>All in all I think that if you love to watch scary movies, than this is the right movie for you. I hope this review was very helpful to you and if was than, please let me know, and you can also look out for other movies that I have rated. Thank You.
0345451325|5.0|\\"The Fall of Reach\\", in short, is one-no. \\"The Fall of Reach\\" is the best book with a videogame tie ever. Nylund gets you hooked from the start, and keeps you going 'til the very end. <BR>     What is \\"The Fall of Reach\\" about? Well, it's about a group of kids who are turned into super soliers, thanks to scientists and the Navy. It's the prequel to the game \\"Halo: Combat Evolved\\", and now a prequel to the book based on the game \\"Halo: The Flood\\"(i gave it four stars). You don't need to be a fan of the game to enjoy this book, you just need to be someone who can read.<BR>     What this book offers is it's best part. It gives you the history of the Master Chief(halo's protagonist), and how he became what he is (as Silva would say in \\"The Flood\\", and augumented freak\\"). It shows you how the Covenent, an alien force trying to destroy all human colonies, started their attacks.<BR>     I've read the book about five times. Maybe more. I dunno, i lost count. This book is an amazing book that ages 12-19 would like. It's a good book, so my final advise is simply: buy it.
B00003CXI1|4.0|What a fun trip this movie takes you on.  For adults it's all about the fantasies we all had while growing up of being able to fly or be magical.
B00005JM09|3.0|A Terminator movie without James Cameron?  How could they?  Easily, it seems.  Terminator 3: Rise Of The Machines takes place ten years after Terminator 2: Judgment Day.  John Connor is in his early twenties and has been hiding and running since he and his mother stopped Judgment Day from happening.      <br />As it turns out Judgment Day is inevitable and the machines go back in time again kill off not only John Connor, but his lieutenants as well.  Enter Arnold again who is sent back to protect not only Connor but Kate Brewster (played by Claire Danes).    <br />In the midst of this is a new Terminator unit T-X or as Connor calls her at one point, Terminatrix.  She is a sleek, super-model killer and virtually unstoppable.  In their attempt to escape, they outrun the T-X in a vet truck in one of the most destructive car chases put on film.      <br />It's all very exciting and fun with a slight human element that doesn't go as deep as T2 went, but they try.  Claire Danes and Nick Stahl (Connor) don't really have too much chemistry between them; however, Arnold does with his deep-pan delivery and his new psychology sub-routine, which leads to the most humorous moments in the film.    <br />Jonathan Mostow had some big shoes to step into taking on this directing project and he does a bang-up job (pun intended).  He has captured the feeling of excitement and loss that is in the first two of knowing the world is coming to an end, but frankly without Linda Hamilton's strong female character, this film lacks some of the spunk that made T1 and T2 great.
B00008NRLX|5.0|Boy, as that golf commercial goes, 'these guys are good'. The Jayhawks' last cd 'Smile' has been in heavy rotation at our house for the last three years. We suspect this one will be just as      popular for the next three. For a millisecond there, though, we were a bit disappointed. We'd loved the fact that 'Smile' had moved the group a bit more from the realm of country to the       realm of rock, while 'Rainy Day Music' seems to take a step back towards whence they came. Then the songs took hold and that became a petty quibble. One memorable song after           another, so catchy one is nearly forced to sing along 'cept for the fact that it would drown out those lilting harmonies. Leader Gary Louris has one of the sweetest voices around, while         teammate Tim O'Reagan provides a Lennonesque edge to his McCartney. Throw in the voices of band member Stephen McCarthy and guests Chris Stills and Matthew Sweet and the ballgame is over. Ethan Johns, who now has both Ryan Adams and The Jayhawks under his belt, has just become one of our favorite producers. Or is it just that you can't produce a bad album with that kind of talent?
B000002H33|5.0|There's really no point giving another five star rating/review for this album as obviously the masses agree this is a five star album, which, without a doubt, it is, but I have to give credit where credit is due. This album is generally the fan favorite among Metallica fans and although my personal favorite is ...And Justice for All, I can understand completely why so many people view this as their favorite Metallica album, better yet to many,  one of their favorite metal albums ever. I thought Ride the Lightning came a long way from Kill 'Em All but boy was I ever stunned when they boys released this one. Everything evolved dramatically from the lyrics, to the vocals, the guitar and bass playing, and the drums. Every song is unique, which never makes this album the least bit repetitive, which really gives you an appreciation for Metallica's stylistic workings throughout each track. This is one of those rare albums that combines so well it's forceful, metal attitude with a melodic, catchy feel to each song. The musicality, intensity, and fervor in \\"Master of Puppets\\" makes this album a gem and a must have for any metal fan or anyone who appreciates good music.
B00004XMS0|4.0|Like I said the Batman films are not so much a legacy as say the Lord of the Rings or Star Wars movies, but more of a story that can keep being told over and over like James Bond.  <br />BATMAN(1989)*****Very good movie.  In fact really good.  Michael Keaton proved nay-sayers wrong and pulled off and delightfuly dark, mysterious Batman.  Jack Nicholson couldn't be praised more for his preformance as the Joker and Kim Basinger may not be the show stealer of the film but her role as the journalist turned damsell in distress came off nice.  Also to note, Tim Burton as the director is great.  He made Gotham City the way it should be, dark and mysterious, same as Batman.  I like this film a lot compared to the others because Batman barely talks(the way he should be).  Danny Elfman's score for the film makes the movie that much more enjoyable as well.  You just can't help but get involved emotionally through his music.  And the story was very well done explain who Bruce Wayne is and how Batman became a help, not a menace, to Gotham, and how the Joker was created.  Truly, a classic film.<br />BATMAN RETURNS(1992)****1/2-This film is also really good and almost matches up to the first film.  What with the same crew returning in Keaton(Batman), Burton(director), and Elfman(Composer).  The new villians are also just as good as Nicholson.  Danny Devito was fit perfectly for Penguin.  Some people hate the idea that he was all bird and not much human, but I always pictured him like that.  Catwomen, played by Michelle Pfeifer is also really impressive.  Tough and sexy at the same time.  The story is also really good, what with creating both villians and having it all around Christmas time gave the movie much more of a hit.  I always wanted to see what Batman would be like in the winter.<br />BATMAN FOREVER(1995)****The movie drops a little from the first two what with the complete switch, not just in crew but it style.  The first two were dark and mysterious(i know i keep sayingthat) and made for exciting movies, but the newer two are more colorful and comedic and bring out(in my opinion) the worst in Batman.  This time Val Kilmer takes over the role of Batman, and actually he holds Batman up really well, as well as Wayne.  Nicole Kidman as Chase Meridian was also really good.  And the villians Tommy Lee Jones(Two-Face) was realistic and Jim Carrey(Riddler) was a sure thing.  Chris O Donnell plays a decent Robin, a little uncomfortable on his own but which makes him a more powerful fighter.  The director took the vision of Batman a little off, and the music was not nearly as compelling.(The old batman theme kicks ...).  The story held up though re-introducing the idea if Bruce Wayne wants to keep being both himself and Batman and the death of his parents.  Pretty good movie.<br />BATMAN & ROBIN(1997)**To quote George Clooney, \\"This is where everything goes north.\\"  This movie is no where near comparable to the first two and didnt hold up plot wise with the third.  First off, the series lost Kilmer for Clooney.  Clooney was a really good Wayne but as Batman he was horrible.  Arnold Shwarznegger could have played a good Mr. Freeze I think with a different twist, but he was mr. laugh & fun and resulted in some of the worst lines in the history of life itself.  Uma Thurman looks the part of Poison Ivy and stars out ok in the beginning but the villian never really took off as an opponent to Batman.  Catwomen is the only true Batman female villian.  Robin is Chris O Donnell again and Batgirl comes to the series by way of Alicia Silverstone.  No although i think Batman should fight crime on his own, I could accept Robin, but Batgirl is too much of a team to keep Batman as great a force as he was in one and two.  The reason I think the movie suffered was bad villians, and the idea that Batman was not as menacing a force as he was in the first three(Clooney practically shared the spotlight with O Donnell).  The one thing I like of this movie is seeing how hard it was for Batman and Robin to get along and work together.  Kinda interesting, and the hot outfit of Poison Ivy.  Not a DVD worth purchasing.<br />In closing, the first two are classics which should be made into Collector's Edition DVD's and the third may not be physically as impossing but held up its own storyline wise, but the fourth was a throw away and should just be forgotten.  I think a good idea for Batman 5 could be drop Robin and Batgirl, bring back Keaton as an aged Batman and have him take on a villian like the Phantasm person from the cartoon movie or something.  They are running low on villians.  Maybe bringing Jack Nicholson back somehow as an aged Joker would be cool too, I dont know.  Anyway, buy the DVD pack and enjoy the first three but I'm sure you'll watch the fourth one collect dust for as long as you have it.  Maybe you can get a dollar by selling it on ebay?
B00005JM09|5.0|THIS MOVIE WAS VARY WELL DONE, I'VE WATCHED ALL THE TERMINATOR MOVIES I AM A BIG FAN OF ALL 3 I GOT ALL THE TOY'S OF THE TERMINATOR 2 MOVIE AND THIS MOVIE I THOUGHT WAS VARY GOOD AND <BR>ANOTHER THING THAT T-X SHE IS SO ...FINE!!!!!!
B000002UA0|3.0|Let me preface this by saying I am not a Pink Floyd fan.  This is the only Pink Floyd album I have listened to in it's entirety (three times so far).  I found this album to be interesting, but not great.  I may be in the minority here, but the songs I like best are the more pop oriented ones, like \\"The Gnome\\" and \\"Scarecrow\\".  Syd Barrett obviously had some talent as a songwriter, but some of the more \\"out there\\" songs leave me a bit cold.  Perhaps psychedelic music is just not my cup of tea.  I think that people that do like psychedelic music will enjoy this album.
B000006TSC|5.0|While I was disappointed to hear that Camel took on a more pop oriented approach with this album from their classic Mirage prog sound, this is still very good. There is still enough prog. instrumentation and fantastic Latimer guitar playing to meet my Camel expectations. The pop sound is sort of like Moody Blues but the instrument playing is better than the MBs could do. Approached with the right expectations, this is an excellent cd.
B000092T56|4.0|This was a beautiful movie, I like it, the story is interesting maybe a bit long.  The acting performance is very good and especially Selma Hayek.  I love the atmophere of this movie, the colors, it's a wonderful movie if you are a fan of Hayek or Frida you will love this movie.
B00005JM09|5.0|Great way to wrap up the series, even though it probably isn't what fans would expect after the plot line in the first two.<br />Felt more like a drama with some action-adventure rather than an action-adventure movie with some drama.  Must have been intentional?  Gives an interesting change of pace to Cameron's series.<br />If you've enjoyed the first two, definitely see this one!  If this is Arnold's last movie role, I'm glad that not only was it a good movie (I wasn't impressed with his last few) but that he played The Terminator again.  Hard to believe it's almost 20 years since the original.
B00008LOS1|3.0|I heard reviews out the behind touting this as the best sounding version of this album ever simply becuase it was supposedly remastered from the original tapes. Well unless i got a defective CD, I don't hear it. The sound (on both discs) lacks punch and definition (and if there was any band whose music had plenty of punch it was this one). My 1996 remaster sounds WAY better than this. Also, the song selection. Do we really need to hear another version of &quot;Baby Don't You Do It&quot; with Leslie West (when they should have included instead the SMOKIN' live version that was originally the B-side of &quot;Join Together&quot;). And why didn't they include the original 45 single mix of &quot;WGFA&quot; as a bonus (instead of the longwinded alt.version here)? And last but not least, the John Entwistle composition &quot;When I Was A Boy&quot; (only available on the long-deleted &quot;Who's Missing&quot;)? Disc 2, however, is awesome. Although as i said before it lacks punch, the performances are first-rate, even outshining Live At Leeds. It kicks off with a stunning version of &quot;Love Ain't For Keeping&quot; (rarely played live) and builds from there. Also, some great banter with the audience as well. But this edition could have been done much, much better. To wit - stick with your vinyl copy of &quot;Whos Next&quot; (or buy the superior 1996 reissue), then borrow the Deluxe Edition from a friend, and burn &quot;Getting In Tune&quot; and the entirety of Disc 2. Otherwise, save your money.
0553103547|5.0|This book was a fine book.  It is plot- and character-driven.  It kept me wondering what would happen next, or it didn't keep me wondering because I thought I knew and then I was wrong.  Reading this book makes me feel sorry for George R. R. Martin because he can never read it with the sense of mystery and surprise that the rest of (literate, english-speaking and monied) humanity is able to.  However, if you aren't in awe of this book, don't be shocked.  I wasn't.  Then I read the others.  Which led me to the sense of awe and respect I have for this admirable entry into the realm of epic fantasy.  Read this book with attention and respect.  Read it because it is good.  But more than that, read it because it is the opening chapter in the best story I've ever read, and I've read a lot.
6305161992|3.0|This is the best bad movie I think I can remember seeing. It's so silly, so predictable, and yet it's somehow holds interest. Maybe that's because we want to see if it gets any worse. Lundgren stars as the cop equivalent of Superman. He can jump over cars, defeat sumo wrestlers in hand-to-hand comment, woo Tia Carerre, lift a car on its side and then blow it up with one shot, and he can also build a house by himself. He is partnered with Brandon Lee, who is actually quite funny and entertaining, despite somewhat limited screen time. The two join together and bring down the Yakuza in a part of LA called Little Tokyo. This movie is filled with cheesy moments so bad you'll die laughing. I enjoyed this film's badness because it seemed so serious in what it was trying to produce. My favorite part was when Lundgren jumps over the convertible. He must be about eight feet in the air! Michael Jordon couldn't do such a stunt without scraping his feet on the car. \\"Showdown in Little Tokyo\\" needs to be seen to be believed. Is it tons of fun? You bet. Is is also very ridiculous? Of course.
0553579908|5.0|I found this book to be amazingly good.  Martin demonstrates his ability to tell a story without being burdened by a need to preserve well-liked characters (I don't think that's really a spoiler; there are a lot of cool characters, and many people die in these books all the time), a failing which has rendered the work of Robert Jordan into unreadable drivel since there is no longer any focus on characters.  Martin, by contrast, keeps the reader in a mobile viewpoint in a dynamic world where sometimes people die (shocking as that may be in a world populated by well-armed and powerful individuals).  Plot twists abound, and my verdict is it is superiour to the previous volume.  Though the previous volume had more of a chore as well, as it had to establish setting from nothing.
B00005JLSE|5.0|Being a dancer, actress, and avid stagegoer I was excited to see Chicago before it was ever released. When I finally saw it I was practically dancing in the aisles. \\"Cell Block Tango\\" has absolutely wonderful dancing, and the music is magnificent. Who knew Catherine Zeta-Jones and Rene Zelwegger had voices like that? I was so impressed I own the soundtrack as well. Moulin Rouge doesn't hold a candle to this! I recommend Chicago to anyone who loves musicals!
B00003CXPD|5.0|This is one of the most fun films that I've seen in a while--the acting is convincing, the story is touching, and the balance between the tension of the strikes and the irony of Billy's situation is astonishing.  This film easily could have become a sappy, cornball film like Bootmen, but this one avoids the pitfalls that come with the genre by telling an honest tale from each character's perspective, allowing us to see the turmoil and confusion and frustrations that each of them feel all along.<br />And who would have thought that the old T. Rex songs would have fit a modern film so well?  The soundtrack is exhilarating, the dance scenes are fun, and the ending is as touching an ending as I've seen in a very long time.<br />Definitely worth two or three viewings.
B000002JS6|5.0|AC/DC is a great band (though not as good as Duran Duran) and this is their biggest selling album that made them HUGE stars.  Rock on!
0596000480|5.0|I've been working with JS for some time and have a good understanding of the structure and syntax but this book advanced my skills in the first 3 chapters! Great book for intermediate and even advanced developers who need a review. I also recommend that beginning &quot;scripters&quot; shouldn't shy away from this book. While the instruction is a tad advanced, the foundation given in the book is invaluable!
0345404475|2.0|I have to say this book had a some what weak story line. This is a very recycled story line that has been used in so many, longs drug store quality paper backs. This Just happen to be one that had an imaginative setting and decent dialoged between characters. This book is better then most of its class but still, there are betters out there.
B00000099Y|5.0|This cd is great, every other cd Tool released has a good song here and there, but this cd is full of great songs.  Almost every song on this cd got radio air play.  This cd is very melodic and is still enjoyable years after its release.
0385504209|2.0|Reading this book was an utter waste of a few hours.  It pretends to be have some historical and scholarly significant in the tradition of &quot;The Name of the Rose&quot; but it doesn't even rate to be mentioned in the same breath. I guess one was supposed to absorb Dan Brown's version of history with the same naivete that his main female character seems to display at every new revelation.  Didn't she grow up with a noted art scholar?<br />I will only state one example among many in the book which I found preposterous: the suggestion that Da Vinci painted the image of Mary Magdalene (known as the image of John to the rest of us) next to Jesus in his famous last supper!  Also, having recently seen the newly restored fresco in Milan, the vibrant reds of &quot;Mary's&quot; clothing but which in reality is the depiction of John the disciple could hardly be called a vibrant red.  I found this reference particularly irksome because of the use of Da Vinci's name in the title.<br />I gave this two stars for the storytelling value but I would rate it 0 on scholarship.
B00006SKRX|1.0|This album is an unlistenable mess. I do like it, but I am a fan and would find anything by Roger of interest (even if it is only passing interest). It has moments of brilliance, but for the most part it is just god-awful. Misogynistic, navel-gazing, spiteful, and yet -- there is a real revelation of the value of relationships, and those moments when you see your &quot;self in every stranger's eyes&quot;. Eric Clapton and David Sanborn have moments of brilliance, but overall, some of the worst music I've ever heard, with Roger basically speaking the album. A curiosity piece for fans only.
6305181772|4.0|First, there are many things in this movie that make little sense. BUT it all comes together at the end. People who say this movie has no plot, and when I say this I'm serious, cannot have a very high IQ level. This movie, unlike its sequel, requires a sophisticated audience to watch it. What I'm saying is that you can't be stupid and understand the brilliance of this film.<br />Ever since the beginning of the show, it has always required smart people to watch it. It's a mystery, mysteries don't make much sense until everything is figured out. The movie itself is actually quite simple:<br />Ethan Hunt is working for the IMF. After one of his missions goes bad and everyone is killed but him, the IMF suspects he is the mole they've been hunting for two years. Ethan, being innocent, runs and hides from the IMF. He goes through difficult tasks such as breaking into CIA headquarters at Langley, making negotiations with arms dealers, and avoiding the law. In the end, Ethan finds that the mole is none other than his old boss, who had faked his death to frame Ethan.<br />Overall, I give this film four stars. It didn't quite reach five, a few lines didn't clearer make sense or agree with each other.
B000002H33|5.0|This has got to be the most intense, insane, insightful and well crafted album ever.  While at first not liking the harshness of it's sound, i grew into it, and with a song like Master of Puppets, who wouldn't want to.  <br />Battery-Perhaps the best intro/thrash song combo ever.  A very mystifying intro builds and complicates until a galloping riff makes you want to hide, because you don't even want to know what's coming. Mind boggling riff/solo/lyrics make this song a great(<br />Master of Puppets-This song starts out with a riff that, while maybe not their fastest, caries an intensity with it like no other. Every riff thereafter is just slow enough for me to comprehend being playable, but fast enough so it hits you like a freight train.  There is not a moments rest, until the classical section, which calms you down beautifully with one amazingly crafted and distorted, yet some how very soft, solo.  only to slowly push you back into the frenzy of riffs that this song is adored for.  The frantic solo, while short and dissonent, carries the feeling of a drug addict going through withdrawl (which is mainly what this song is about).  It's songs like these that make me question why ANY band got to be put in the same genre or class as Metallica.  Genius.<br />The Thing That Should Not Be- Interesting song.  Slow paced, but scary and maddening.  Good lyrics and a scary solo make it the horror of the album.<br />Welcome Home (Sanitarium)- If you're in a [bad] mood because of somebody trying to control you, listen to this.  Unbelievable the way this song unfolds.  Kind of like One.  I can't even remember how many solo's there are, but they're all great, and the finale riff/solo combo is unreal.  Listen to it loud, and make sure your parents can hear it<br />Disposable Hero- Hated this song at first, but god do i love it now.  Just listen to the rest, this one will come.<br />Lepper Messiah- Another Good Song.  Shuts up those evangelists pretty quick<br />Orion- I like Callof the Ktulu better, but this is a great instrumental.  A little weird, but great.<br />Damage Inc.-  What can I say, how did i not like this the first time I heard it.  A lot like battery, this song introduces even cooler and more unbelievable riffs and lyrics. WOW.<br />This album gives me such a rush.  What has music (and metallica for that matter) come to. It's like comparing Braveheart or Lord of the Rings to Spy Kids.  I just hope there is, someday, another album that can do to me what this one did.
B00008DDRX|4.0|I saw this film when it was televised in the UK last year, and I definitely recommend this film to any auto racing fans. Steve McQueen stuns us once again with an absolutely stunning and realistic performance in this gritty racing drama. The action is brilliant, the storyline is believeable, and the ending sequence is masterful! Well done!
B000069CWE|5.0|it gets me pumped up for anything im about to do.. its great<BR>tis if a must have for linkin park fans
B00005JLEX|5.0|I am an avid Seinfeld fan and would love to have this DVD.  I would pay $ for it!  I agree with every other 5 star review!<br />Joe
0780631684|1.0|The first movie is awful,boring plot and horrid acting unless you enjoy the Dawson's Creek cast. This movie starts out bad with a plane crashing(how original) and ends up dragging along the rest of the movie too. Also what happened to Ali Larter she looks nasty in this movie,at least she could have kept my attention to make up for a boring movie. This is an example where a sequel can be better than the first. SEE THE FINAL DESTINATION 2,INSTEAD OF THE DREADFUL FIRST ONE
B000001AFY|5.0|I was specifically looking for a version of 'smile' and i remembered this one from my youth. I browsed through amazon and found also one by ... Elvis Costello ! (album : cruel smile)<BR>I would not buy a whole CD for just one song (actually yes I would) but here you also find great songs like 'mohagony' ot 'love hangover' and otherwise lost beauties like 'I thought it took a little time... (to learn about loving)' Oh, dear, I was 16 and I was in love with my neighbor, she was 35.<BR>this is an 'all-good' record you can play over and over. <BR>If there is a cure for this, I don't want it !<BR>Pascal.
B00005JLRT|3.0|It's too bad. TNG swansong deserved better than a Star Trek walk-through. Known for fx, the fx highlight is Data's flight from point A to point B. Like Spock, in Star Trek: The Motion Picture.Clone? Aren't they supposed to look alike?No ultimate resolution. Talk for talk's sake only. Very dis-apponiting for this ardent Star Trek fan. Save us T'Pol.
0688163173|3.0|I figured out the twist quite early in the novel (almost immediately) and was prepared for the ending. Nevertheless many will find this an entertaining read. Certainly a good book to take on a vacation etc. Decent summer reading.
B00000055E|3.0|This albums ok.  I got it day it was out, cuz i was a pac fan before he died, unlike 60% of his fans now.  But this was the best album that was released after he died.  I love \\"Hold On Be Strong\\", \\" When I Get Free 2\\".  ill tracks right there.  Im sick of these new cds tho, they should just stop.  I mean, Trick Daddy and Pac?!  I like trick, but damn, Better Dayz was...well, the only good tracks were the Outlawz tracks!
0316548189|5.0|This is one of my favorite autobiographies.  Nelson Mendela is an absolutely amazing man!  Not only did I learn so much about him and the history of South Africa, I really just enjoyed reading this book.  It was a quick and easy read. I highly recommend it!
B00006YXEK|5.0|The DVD to this box set is a bit of a rip off. Clocking in under 7 minutes and I had seen the whole thing on the Capitol Records web site for free. The poster is nice, but its folded so much  making it unsuitable for framing. It also comes with a \\"record company\\" sticker, hardly essential and a guitar pic. Honestly, this album is a 5+ star album, some of his best songs in fact.  I listen to it constantly, but this \\"limited edition\\" version if a complete waste of money. Save some money and buy the regular edition instead.
B0000640VN|5.0|This movie is wonderful for a pick-me-up.  You can't help but have a smile on your face after you've watch it. I disagree with other comments here that the movie is without conflict, and therefore, lacking.  You don't need major conflict in a feel-good movie.  Besides, trying to merge worlds 125 years apart should count as conflict.  Not every movie needs to solve all the world's problems.      I enjoyed how this movie touched on the \\"What if\\" scenarios of removing people from their place in history without forcing an answer.  It causes you to think.  It also serves as a reminder of what dramatic changes this country has seen over the last 125 years.  Is there another 125 year span in history that has seen as much change?  Stop and think about what life was like before some of the simplest inventions were created.  What if Leopold hadn't been there to invent the elevator?  Eventually someone else would have, sure.  But would it have been as timely, as well designed, as safe or reliable?  What would be different if it had taken 5 more years for someone to come up with the idea?      Of course, this movie isn't setting out to change the world or give lessons in American Civilization and certainly not in science (of any kind).  It's up to us to open ourselves to deeper thoughts.  It's also up to us to allow ourselves to feel happy and to smile.  This movie can be the conduit of both.    Back to basics: Of course, Kate and Leopold are the leads of the show, but Charlie is adorable!  He symbolizes the simplicity of heart that is this movie - and he's hilarious.  The movie WOULD be lacking without him.      As to Kate (Meg Ryan's character), I'm not sure she's supposed to be endearing or that we're supposed to want to be her as others have proposed.  She is a harsh NY City Executive.  And, yes, she is stiff and unapproachable even cold: not the type of character we want to love. (Especially with that hair!) But then we find out why - she herself is out of her ideal environment - she's meant to be in the 1800s.  This is a basic fish-out-of-water story as was mentioned previously... for both Kate and Leopold.      I don't want to make this movie sound any deeper than it really is.  It is a cheesy, extremely predictable, love story - and again, it's not trying solve all the world's problems.  But use a little creativity of your own with it.  Movies shouldn't have to spell it all out for us; and they shouldn't have to be deep, emotional dramas to make us think.  Sometimes, they are light-hearted, predictable, moderately funny, sappy love stories.
B00005N53P|4.0|Right place right time or wrong place wrong time? The Strokes stepped onto the world stage at the center of such a large amount of dubious hype that it's still uncertain whether the band will be able to survive it. &quot;Is This It&quot; offers some evidence on the positive side, however. The trick the Strokes have perfected - and it's an impressive trick - is to evoke every great 70's New York band while actually sounding like none of them. Julian Casablancas' vocals are a charismatic upgrading of Lou Reed at his most tuneful; the guitars mix Television's ethereality with the Feelies' strum'n'chop; the rhythm section motors along like they were the CBGB's house band. Every note on the album is played at the service of the songs, which are all of a uniformly high quality. Their second album will inevitably be released to mainstream disappointment, but I've got a feeling the band wouldn't want it any other way.
0312305060|5.0|The Hours is brilliant.  An accomplished, inspired work by an author who clearly knows and understands the delicate and, at many times, evasive art of writing.  His prose is paced and purposed, his direction clear yet subtle and alluring.  Whilst reading the book it was as though I had to take a mental deep breath every so often to allow for the absorbtion of the words and ideas he presents.  His diction is intelligent without being pretentious and overly erudite, allowing the reader to maintain a constant engagement with the book.  The story is on the surface rather simple yet it belies a deeper and more complex tone, a language of plot, sequence and circumstance that speaks to the truth of the novel.  It could be quite easy to dismiss the purpose of using three female protagonists as an insight into the pained existance of feminine creativity and strained social placement. However, I think the book speaks to both women and men equally.  It talks of the disjointed tandem between the inner and outer world of the human being and what it means to embrace oneself and all that one is in the face of dissent or discord. The movie was a welcome and deft accompaniment to the book.  Seldom, in my opinion, does a movie do justice to its literary inspiration, yet the movie puts the essence of the novel in to another medium.  This allows for further enjoyment for those who have read the book already, as well as providing a means to tap into the book for those who choose not to read it or simply prefer movies to books (although those who would see the film are not likely to be the type who do not read). Superlative and a must-read for anyone appreciative of English literature at its modern best.
B000005IU2|5.0|This is the high water mark for Iggy and the Stooges. \\"Raw Power\\" may have been more visceral and \\"The Stooges\\" more brutal, but \\"Funhouse\\" is the masterpiece of their original studio albums. It's not just that the album is a proto-punk tour-de-force, but the intrusion of the free jazz skronk and the conceptual nihilism actually lifts this dirty mofo up into the sphere of Great-Intellectual-Achievements-Of-The-Last-Century. It's that good, and the passage of time only makes it sound all the better.
1583762027|5.0|First of all, I gave this book 5 stars for only one reason.  That reason is because 6 stars were not available.  Second, this book does not contain any new information.  Then, Why, you might ask, do I rate it so hightly.  Well, the answer is this; though it contains no new information, especially if you are already a Brian Tracy fan, it puts all of his ideas into a concise, easy to use, believable format.  Don't read this book, absorb it and live it and you will live your dreams.  If you can get a copy of the cassette or CD, 21 success habits of self made millionaires, use that, along with this book and you will be unstoppable.
B00006WUWP|3.0|I was really excited to see that there was going to be a third Austin Powers movie, since I love the first two movies. But when Goldmember came out, I was pretty disappointed. All of the jokes showed up in the last two movies and have been tired out.<br />In this movie, Austin Power's father is captured by an evil Dutch man named Goldmember. He loved gold so much that when he lost his genitalia in a boating accident, he replaced his \\"bits and pieces\\" with solid gold. He planned to bring down the comet Midus 22, which was solid gold, onto the North Pole, and flood the Earth. Austin had to travel back in time a time machine at Gold Member's disco in order to save his father and thwart Dr. Evil's and Goldmember's schemems. Not only did this happen, but Scott Evil, Dr. Evil's son, started losing his hair and eventually turned evil at the end of the movie. There is also a surprising ending involving Austin Powers, Dr. Evil and Nigel Power's (Austin's dad) that you do not want to miss.<br />I have heard that there will be another Austin Powers movie in which Scott Evil will be the evil character, but this series of movies has been stretched out to the point of exhaustion. As I said before, most of the jokes have appeared in all three movies, and the plot is almost always the same. Also, it's sometimes like, \\"Oh please, how can those characters be so utterly immature and pathetic?\\" The characters in Goldmember and the other two Austin Powers movies can just be preposterous sometimes. PLEASE, DO NOT MAKE ANY MORE AUSTIN POWERS MOVIES!!
B00005JLK1|4.0|Usually one can tell what a movie is about from within the first 15 minutes.  Ghost Ship however throws a curve ball in there when the plot takes a sharp twist.<br />The story is about a group of ship retrievers (for when a boat is stranded) who are hired to pull in a mysteriouse cruise ship that has appeared out of no where.  A little reluctant at first they eventually ho out to retrieve the ship.  However things get really weird when they board the ship and discover that there is no one on board.  There to do their job they set out the repair hte ship a little and pull it back in.  However one by one each one dies by a mysteriouse being, and it is not what you would expect.<br />This movie containse a high level of GOre (especially in the beggining) as well as nudity and language.  It is one of the better horror films to come out in a while, but not the best overall.
B00008PX8P|5.0|If you ever went to a Zeppelin concert you will know what this DVD is all about.  If you haven't, you will see why this band was number two behind the Beattles in number of albums sold.  Any fan will like this DVD.
B00000AFWW|4.0|This album is probably going to [make fans mad] of the earlier, more spiky Hole. However, every Hole fan is going to enjoy and be amazed by this album. It appeals to everyone and it may even snare a different legion of fans because of it's poppy sound. It's overall a sweet album, full of harmonies and surprisingly happy lyrics. (Heaven Tonight, Malibu) There are several more melancholy moments (Petals, Dying, Northern Star) that express Love's grief over her late husband, Kurt Cobain and there is also one seething moment about the industy commercializing Cobain's death (Playing your song).<br />1. Celebrity Skin: I'm sure, by now, that everyone has heard this song. It's very upbeat, but Courtney still spews disdain on the Hollywood scene. <br />2. Awful: Very strange lyrics and a catchy sound. Courtney does a great job on this song, urging girls to run away and start riots, the Courtney of more grungier days, as far as lyrics go.<br />3. Hit So Hard. A surprisingly touching track. The guitars are practically dripping with honey and Courtney's voice is silky smooth. Very nice.<br />4. Malibu: When I first heard this track, my first impression was \\"There is no way this can be Courtney Love singing this.\\" It still blows me away every time I hear it. It's so sweet. It does, however, create some interesting imagery.<br />5. Reasons To Be Beautiful: A lament for Mr. Cobain. Achingly desperate, \\"Miles and miles of perfect skin, I swear I do, I fit right in,\\" this song is a bit rough around the edges, but nonetheless an essential track.<br />6. Dying: A beautiful, haunting ballad. Courtney seems to put a lot of feeling into this song and it seems dangerously personal.<br />7. Use Once and Destroy: A song about Ms. Love's past drug abuse. It's electronic and subtley spiteful. Genius. <br />8. Northern Star: Proabably the most beautiful song on the album. The lyrics are pure poetry and the music reminds one of a mexican ballad. Very painful and another personal track.<br />9.Boys On The Radio: A sweet song, rather desperate lyrics, nothing really stands out.<br />10. Heaven Tonight: I can only smile when I hear this one. A love song.<br />11. Playing Your Song: Spewing with venom, maliciousness and misery, this is sure to please fans of the earlier Hole.<br />12. Petals: One of my favorite tracks. Exquisitely beautiful, and altogether wistful, it's a track that everyone must listen to.<br />In conclusion, this is a Hole album that is to be respected and should defintely be in every music fan's collection.
0385504209|2.0|I love this subject, and so was excited at the prospect of this novel. However, to readers of the non-fiction books &quot;Holy Blood, Holy Grain&quot; and &quot;The Templar Revelation,&quot; there is absolutely new. Mr. Brown has taken other scholars' research and fashioned a not-so-innovative plot. In effect, he has taken credit for others' work. That, combined with his cheesy, manipulative suspense techniques (a cliffhanger at the end of every 2-page chapter) make this a disappointing read. Perhaps Mr. Brown should have just skipped the novel and went straight for the screenplay.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Alright, I will be honest. When I first got this CD and heard a few of the songs on it, I was disappointed, wondering why they seemingly changed their style a bit, and why a couple of the songs could easily be mistaken for songs off their first CD, \\"Hybrid Theory.\\" The more and more I listened to it, the more I began to love it!! And many of my friends completely agree with this statement. Now, when I came on here to read other reviews, and saw that someone dissed \\"Hit the Floor\\" and \\"Session,\\" I knew I had to write my rebuttle to that. Those are two of the best songs on the CD. I am a producer, and listening to those songs and even attempting to recreate them for myself, they are very well designed songs, and \\"Session\\" (Hahn's instrumental) is nearly impossible to duplicate. Anyway, here are my personal ratings on the songs, 1 to 10.<BR>1. Intro - Can't really say much with this, it's only 12 seconds long, but leads extremely well into \\"Don't Stay.\\"<BR>2. Don't Stay - Great song, something about the chorus is weird to me. The words are great to it though. \\"Just gimme myself back and don't stay.\\" 8/10<BR>3. Somewhere I Belong - The first single, good, but could have been more adventurous. 6/10<BR>4. Lying From You - The string part at the beginning and throughout the song can be haunting, but is absolutely perfect!!! The beat is sweet, and the chord structure during the song is not something you would have expected after their first CD. This is my favorite song ever by Linkin Park. 10/10<BR>5. Hit the Floor - This song was originally meant to be straight hip-hop, until Chester started screaming over the beat, and Shinoda agreed with it. This is possibly my favorite song on the CD besides Lying From You. 10/10<BR>6. Easier To Run - A bit slower effort, but they pull it off surprisingly well. \\"It's easier to run, replacing this pain with something numb.\\" Chester is impressive here, and Rob got the EXTREMELY intricate drumline in one take. 9/10<BR>7. Faint - A lot of people wont like this, thinking it may be too fast (135 tempo), but it grows on you. Voice effects are a nice touch, and the chorus has great wording yet again. 8/10<BR>8. Figure.09 - With the usage of the word \\"numb\\" during the song, should have been titled \\"Numb #1,\\" as song 13 is actually titled \\"Numb.\\" The guitar line is a sweet touch, another great song. 10/10<BR>9. Breaking the Habit - This is Mike's baby, been working at it for 6 years. Not many people will like it, some never will. But maybe they put it on the CD for a reason that will not be known. One piece of advice, do not expect guitars on this song, you wont find them! 6.5/10<BR>10. From The Inside - Possibly one of their hardest efforts, in 6/8 time, has the same feel as \\"In The End,\\" but is, to me, even better. \\"Take everything from the inside and throw it all away, cuz I swear for the last time, I wont trust myself with you.\\" Awesome song. 10/10<BR>11. Nobody's Listening - Sweet freakin' sample from Shinoda, a Japanese flute. Now name another group that would even try to do something like that? Could be the best beat Shinoda has produced too. 10/10<BR>12. Session - Hahn's second instrumental. The beat breaks, repeating cut snares, changing beat, reversed sounds, progressive track. Many will like \\"Cure For The Itch\\" more, but technically and production-wise, this is eons past his first effort. Could have been longer! 9/10<BR>13. Numb - Why was this put on the CD? Honestly, listen to this, then go back and listen to \\"Pushing Me Away\\" and \\"In The End.\\" As much as those are great songs, and PMA is my fav off their first CD, they didn't need to make \\"In The End, Part 2.\\" Still a decent song, and with marketing today, this was smart by Warner Brothers, but to me, a stupid move. Would have been higher if they had made this different somehow. 5/10<br />So there it is, a synopsis of their third CD. Hope it helps, and enjoy the CD because I haven't stopped liking it, and probably never will. Kudos to LP!!!
B00009L1TA|4.0|I have to disagree with those who have bemoaned this picture for failing to fulfill genre requirements, as these people have obviously missed the point. Basic is NOT an action movie, nor is it really a murder mystery, it is not a romantic thriller, a war movie, or even a courtroom drama, and that is WHY it is so entertaining. The mere fact that it can't be pidgeonholed into a movie &quot;catagory&quot; or &quot;genre&quot; is the genius behind the direction, and I have to say probably one of John McTiernan's better movies to date. I'm not going to give anything away, except to say, this is a real potboiler, a whodunnit, and a dark sided movie all rolled into one. You will be compelled and find yourself guessing throughout the multiple twists, turns, and double backs that seem to be endlessly thrown into the mix. Probably not a movie to buy (once you know how it ends) and that's why I kept it to 4 stars, but don't be fooled by the trailers. This picture is slick, inventive, and totally absorbing. The performances are strong, and believable all round, and the storyline develops at an even pace, keeping you hooked. Who will you believe? and why? you will constantly be asking yourself until the final credits roll. A really good nailbiter - Enjoy!
B00008J4P5|4.0|Before this record, I admit, I wrote the White Stripes' material off as entertainment, not music.  They were interesting, if only to see their Target-inspired wardrobe, but not exceptionally so.  But this album is far more powerful than previous recordings and I didn't feel like a Spin-Magazine-reading-wannabe when I purchased it.<BR>Their sound is, of course, very back-to-basics...all they've got is a guitar and a drum set.  \\"Black Math,\\" \\"I Just Don't Know What to Do With Myself,\\" and \\"Ball and Biscuit\\" are highlights.  \\"Seven Nation Army,\\" despite its popularity, is still a great song because of that lovely bass line.<BR>When you listen to the tracks, they sound classic, they sound retro...and it sounds good.  I heard that they recorded this album on classic '60's era equipment, so it adds to the effect.  And I think that's the point of bands like the White Stripes and the Strokes--not to rehash old material, but to take obvious old influences in earnest, and make them sound fresh and recreate it for--dare I say?--a new generation.<BR>Also, Meg White introduced herself vocally on \\"In The Cold, Cold, Night.\\"  Though some say she \\"has no vocal talent and summons very little emotion,\\" you shouldn't mind too much.  Nico had almost no vocal talent and very little emotion in her voice, but it ended up sounding mind-blowingly perfect.  And although Meg's debut wasn't phenomenal, I'd like to see what happens next for her vocals.<BR>So go ahead and buy it.  Not because it's rebellious or revolutionary, but because it's just...good.
0790742780|5.0|This movie is now 10 years old, and being discovered by a whole new audience, but the story and plot are essentially timeless. A good subtitle to this movie could have been &quot;Good Guys Finish Last&quot; as we follow the spiral of ultimate self destruction Michael Douglas embarks on to it's climatic, if reasonably predictable conclusion. The plot is quite simple, a middle class hard working, respectable man with no hint of a criminal past, or even propensity for violent or abnormal behavour is gradually pushed, up to and over the edge of his personal tolerance level. What results is him crashing down on the other side, and taking casualties with him as he &quot;falls down&quot;. I find it inconceivable to think that most of us will not be able to relate to at least some of the burdens that befall him, and this is the real power of the film. After losing his job (due to policy and cutbacks), an acrimonous divorce, and a general crummy hand he has been dealt he begins to act upon every tiny thing that has and does frustrates him (as many things frustrate us all) as he journeys through the movie, with devastating results. I don't know if there is a message in the film, but it is certainly compelling, and often gripping. Robert Duvall puts in a terrific performance as a veteran cop with one day to retirement who begins to piece together the unlikely string of events, in a powerful subplot which runs in tandem with the exploits of Douglas, until the two cross paths toward the end of the picture. Gritty, often graphic, and very powerful - this movie will live with you a long time after you have viewed it, for many reasons (most I which I don't have time to list here). If you haven't seen this movie yet, do so - I cannot recommend it enough.
0898705525|5.0|&quot;Joy...is the gigantic secret of the Christian...[Jesus] the<BR>tremendous figure which fills the Gospels towers in this respect...above all the thinkers who ever thought themselves tall... never concealed His tears...He never restrained His anger...Yet He concealed something...shyness...There was something He hid from all men when He went up a mountain to pray...There was something that He covered constantly by abrupt silence or impetuous isolation. There was some one thing that was too great for God to show us when He walked upon our earth...His mirth.&quot; (Orthodoxy)<br />Beautiful, isn't it! Chesterton is the Ring Master of thoughts, able to take our fragmented ideas and tame them with a perfect balance of eloquence, poetry, and logic. He is also like a skilled combatant.  How is a non-believer, or a non-catholic, able joust with this man's mind?  His ideas are razor sharp, liberating for those who seek the truth but deadly for those who would dare wield their clumsy philosophy.  And his delivery is nothing less than a masterful marksman--right at the heart of the matter.
B000066AXE|2.0|They don't pass out pens to revered professors at Princeton. And John Nash was, very briefly, a very good mathematician. <br />This manipulative tale plays upon all sorts of prejudices --eg &quot;if you're that smart something else must be wrong&quot; and somehow manages to ignore the fact that during this period, at Princeton, the urbane, sane, funny, and more brilliant John von Neuman not only invented game theory (to which work Nash's is essentially a special case), but also was responsible for the architecture of the stored memory computer (still the model for our CPUs fifty years later), and designed much of the theoretical and practical system by for US command and control of its nuclear forces-- in short he did what Nash is presented as fantasizing about.<br />So we have a celebratory film about a mathematician who did some good work, then went mad, and is now not so mad. That is not exactly a beautiful mind. . .
B00005K3NY|4.0|My sister just bought the dvd and we live in europe so its not only in canada and usa u can buy this .<br />We bought it and there was loads of it really chep about 6 us dollars but only 1 and 2 was there not 3 :/ .
B00005ATQF|5.0|To call this a &quot;war film&quot; in the character of Platoon or the Deer Hunter is to miss the point. Like everything else that Kubrick did, this is a highly stylized vision. Joker (Matthew Modine) swaggers like Clockwork Orange's &quot;Alex&quot; (Malcolm Macdowell), a young know-it-all who's ended up &quot;in the s---&quot; through the obscure workings of history. Like Alex, he's got his own aesthetic angle on violence. . .and the world's got a thing or two to teach him.<br />Kubrick isn't making a movie &quot;about war&quot;. He's making a movie about men &quot;watching a war&quot;-- check the extraordinary sequence mid-way through where a film crew improvises a human chain to produce a smooth pan shot for newsreel footage.<br />Some reviewers don't care for the Parris island/Vietnam segue. . .I think its brilliant. Parris Island is confined, claustrophobic, weirdly homerotic, and savage in its own remarkably nasty way. Vietnam is savage in a very different, but also remarkably nasty way -- note in particular how Kubrick switches from the all male world of training, to place women directly at the center of warfare in 'Nam. With a filmmaker this calculating, you can be sure that there's a reason the sniper's a girl. . .<br />Finally, see this movie for the best City/&quot;Into the Bush&quot; transition since Peter O'Tooole went from Officer's Club to the Desert in Lawrence of Arabia. Kubrick's opening &quot;slow zoom&quot; in Saigon is simply genius; the kind of thing you look at again and again and say to yourself &quot;why can't anyone else take shots that look like that&quot;
B000084T18|5.0|50 has a lot of potential. I like almost all tracks on this album. He disses Ja very cleverly on Track # 10, &quot;Back Down.&quot; The marketing angle of 50 Cent is that he is &quot;authentic,&quot; which is why this beef with Ja is out of all proportion. It is meant to contrast 50's authenticity and gangsterism with Ja's R&amp;B-ishness. 50 also accuses Ja of sounding like the Cookie Monster. The album has nice beats, most of which are produced, co-produced or mixed by Dr. Dre. Eminem also had a role in producing or mixing some tracks.<br />Now what about 50's lyrics? He is not as poetic as Tupac was, but he is his own man and he holds his own against some of the greatest rappers of all time. 50 has spirituality, and you can hear it in his rhymes--and see it in his face and in his eyes. You have to be concerned about his health, though, not just because &quot;many men wish death&quot; upon him (Track # 4), but also because he stays &quot;high all the time&quot; (Track # 6). If you listen to him, he smokes so much he does not even want to drink. I hope this is just artistic license and exaggeration for the purposes of enhancing art. I saw him on television many times, and I did not notice him being high on any of those occasions.<br />It's a good album. I highly recommend it. I am very curious about the future of rap. I hope that 50 will be a major part of it.
B00004S367|5.0|This CD is soooooo close to perfection, it's scary.  This album makes me wonder what I am doing with my own potential.  Stevie was 21 when he made this album; I'm 21 right now and listening to this makes me think, &quot;what am I doing with my potential?&quot;  This album is the summation of so much talent FINALLY being let out to fully blossom for the first time.  Except for one guitar solo, one trombone solo, and one moog part, he even played all the instruments!  Frequently spacy instead of sleek, the rough-around-the-edges playing is endearing for, as the title states, all these sounds are coming from one man.  This record didn't sell much because it was so different, though in retrospect it has been cited as one of the premier influences on modern soul music.  From the opening track we hear that this is not a typical set of 3 radio-friendly singles and 3 covers and 6 filler songs (as Motown often did with its acts back then).  The first song, &quot;Love Having You Around,&quot; makes use of his new trademark synthesizers.  The sound's uniqueness lies in its combination of the synthesizers and real instruments.  Over 7 minutes later, my personal favorite Stevie Wonder song begins.  &quot;Superwoman&quot; is eery, lonely and tender.  The music is dynamic, with an AWESOME guitar solo and synths that make you feel you are floating.  The first half rides a mellow groove and hushed vocals, and the spacey synths segue into a second half that keeps begging, &quot;Where were you when I needed you?&quot; in escalating desparation.  By the end of this song it is grooving so hard and then quickly calms itself down like a clearing storm.  The next song (&quot;I love every little thing about you&quot;) is also one of my favorites.  It's sweet lyrically and musically, and showcases Stevie's vocal percussion.  When his stacked-vocals sings the chorus, &quot;I love I love I love I love every little thing about you,&quot; it is hard not to smile and sing along.  &quot;Sweet Little Girl&quot; is a change of pace, a harmonica-heavy blues shuffle that he sings as if he's acting a different character.  The lyrics and music are not spectacular, and at times annoying.  Fortunately, the next song is good.  Unfortunately, he reverts back to a somewhat annoying song, &quot;Girl Blue.&quot;  The vocals are distorted and tinny, and the music is somewhat clumsy.  It's listenable, but not great.  &quot;Seems so Long&quot; is a prime example of how much magic Stevie could work with his synthesized wall of sound, complemented by jazz-ballad style drumming.  Lyrically it's also touching.  &quot;Keep on Running&quot; does just that--a long, fast song that is repetitive yet contains enough nuances that make for interesting listening.  The album closes with perhaps the most underappreciated song on the album, &quot;Evil.&quot;  Using both synthesizers and piano, this album keeps escalating chord change by chord change and addresses Evil personified, blaming it for many problems of humanity.  The last lyric of the album really hits me, saying Evil has left  &quot;Sweet love all alone, an outcast of the world.&quot;  What a sad thought!  Songs 1-5 are happier in sound and in lyrical content, and 6-9 close the album sounding quite the opposite.  Splitting an album into two &quot;halves&quot; is not uncommon.  What IS uncommon is that it would be pulled off sounding as unified as this record does.  With the exception of two tracks, this is a perfect record.
B00005N7Z1|4.0|First, you've got a villain in glasses! Forget Joker and Penguin and Riddler, Clarence Boddiker is much better. I wish he did not have to spit so much. He is the real hero of the story, the Robocop is there for special effects and for blowing away corporate villains. There is lots of violence in this movie, but it is obvious that a lot of work went into portraying it. One can easily see the director trying to be original in depicting violence and actually succeeding at it. <br />I am sure some time next century cyborgs will be running around as robocops and what not. I am not sure about reviving dead people, but from the standpoint of combining man and machine this movie is not such a stretch. <br />This is a dark movie. There are no positive characters, no &quot;role models.&quot; The media, the government, the businessmen, the corporations, the criminals, they are not portrayed in a positive light. The good character, the &quot;hero&quot; of the story, is part revived dead man, part machine. But as said in the beginning, the real hero is Clarence. He does what he wants, he respects no one, he gives full play to his instincts. I think the makers of this film were jealous of him and that's why they made the movie.
B00004SZWB|4.0|Stevie Wonder had just pumped out 10 years worth of some of the best albums of any genre before surprising (and disappointing some) fans with the uncommercial and thematic &quot;Journey through the Secret Life of Plants&quot; in 1979.  That album was poorly received despite its musical warrants.  &quot;Hotter Than July&quot; marked Wonder's return to more mainstream fare, but is not always mentioned alongside his more groundbreaking 1970's albums.  Nonetheless, this is a good record.  Stevie was still doing what he did best:  writing sincere commentary on the state of the world, and conjuring up some of the most perfect love songs ever heard.  &quot;I Ain't Gonna Stand for It&quot; was a modest hit and is Stevie mixing a country sound with soul.  &quot;Master Blaster&quot; was a big hit based on Bob Marley's &quot;Jammin'.&quot;  &quot;Rocket Love&quot; and especially the intimate &quot;Lately&quot; (later covered by Jodeci) are gorgeous ballads that alone make the purchase worthwhile.  &quot;Do Like You&quot; is a playful song about a kid who loves to dance, and while not the best song on the album, it's enjoyable.  &quot;Cash in your Face&quot; and &quot;Happy Birthday&quot; are not as strong as his earlier social/political songs, and may be the weak point of the album.  Sonically different than his masterpieces (it was the 80's and the chinsy synths started showing up), it is still very deserving of a listen or two...or hundreds.
B000087F6M|4.0|This is Ivan Reitman's first film after his mega hit \\"Ghostbusters\\". <br />Some will even recognize an exterior or two that was used in both films.<br />I will always remember this film because I got a pass to a preview screening for it from my art teacher. This was before preview screenings were done as much as they were now by radio stations and more. It was a bit of a special thing in my mind.<br />I remember enjoying it on a interplay between Redford and Winger level and thinking of it as a good but not great movie.<br />About a month later, the film opened to mediocre reviews and business.<br />After that, the movie would turn up on TV and when I caught it, I found myself seeing it thorugh to the end (only to be surprised when the TV version had an altered ending).<br />Anyway, Legal Eagles became that \\"old comfortable shoe\\" of a movie that when it popped up on cable (and for a while it often did)I would go \\"ahhhh\\" and keep on watching.<br />I would've gotten it on VHS, but I was all too aware of how the movie was cropped and zoomed and that was good enough to watch on TV but not good enough to buy. I would wait until I got a laserdisc player and get it in widescreen (laserdiscs, those things that look like big DVD's before they had DVD's)<br />The rest is history of course, then came DVD. When I got a DVD player, a widescreen Legal Eagles DVD was available for about [44] so there you go.<br />This was the first release (from Image) though, single layer non-anamorphic widescreen and no extras. The single layer made for some noticable compression artifacts when I viewed it on my newer high tech TV (especially on Daryl Hannah's face during her performance piece). Also, the audio on the disc seemed a bit weak.<br />But then, just a couple weeks ago, I saw the newer release for Legal Eagles. Dual layer, anamorphic widescreen (which my new TV can take advantage of)plus a trailer and a vintage featurette. Terrific.<br />This transfer is much improved from the first release, though it still has a bit of softness and grain to it.<br />The soundtrack is improved from the first release too, more accurately reproducing the Dolby Surround mix I remember hearing in that preview screening.<br />Please note that this new release has misprints on the specifications on the back.<br />It lists the video as \\"1.85 to 1 anamorphic widescreen\\" when it's actually 2.35 to 1 Anamorphic. <br />It also lists the audio as \\"2.0 mono\\" when it is actually 2.0 Dolby Surround.<br />So, people thinking of picking up this on DVD remember to get the updated version (with the blue tone background on the cover) instead of the old one (with the pinkish tone background on the cover).
B000099T2L|5.0|I AM NOT A TRUE BEYONCE FAN BUT I BOUGHT HER CD BECAUSE THE ONE I REALLY WANTED INDIA ARIE WAS SOLD OUT AND IM SHOCKED.  I LOVE THE CD I LIKE ALMOST EVERY SONG.  PEOLPE KEEP SAYING IT SOUND LIKE DESTINY CHILD WELL HELLO SHE WROTE MOST OF THOSE SONGS ALSO SO WHAT ELSE WOULD THE SONGS SOUND LIKE.  PEOLPLE NEED TO SHOW A LITTLE COMMON SINCE.  BUT I AM NOW A BEYONCE FAN AND PEOPLE IF MY MAN WAS A FAMOUS RAPPER I WOULD HAVE HIM ON MY ALBUM TOO SO STOP HATING
B000002TQV|5.0|And also one of their best.  In fact it's my personal favourite, mostly because it was the first one that really clonked me on the head and made me take notice.  Maybe that's only because it was the first album of theirs I really listened to though.<br />All that said, this is a collection of amazing songs.  There are quite a few acid guitar drenched rockers, as well as slow ballads.. so definately a nice mix (track 6 is even almost happy, which is pretty rare for Radiohead!).  There's also not a single throwaway track which is a bonus, and some excellent use of bass and guitar on a level you don't often hear.<br />The most popular (with reason, and because they were singles) songs on the Bends are probably High and Dry, Fake Plastic Trees, Street Spirit, and Just. Personal favourites of mine are Bullet Proof (plaintive, whistful beauty) and Black Star (pretty straight ahead rock song that just does it for me).<br />For a while, this CD was my bad mood CD, when I was feeling as if I had the bends in real life, in would go the CD, and it worked therapeutically.  How's that for a personal anecdote.. and I guess if you're borderline depressive this CD might help, but it's rather depressing itself, so maybe stick with Abba.  This CD is filled with emotion that really comes through in the music and lyrics, while a lot of people don't like the murky, dark feelings that Radiohead injects into their music, I think that more people do!<br />Anyway, this really is one of my favourite CDs of all time, and I have excellent taste, so you'd be doing yourself a favour to pick it up!  If you're into more mainstream rock, and less fuzzy electronics, this is probably the best Radiohead album to introduce yourself to their music with.  I'm into fuzzy electronics though and it's my favourite Radiohead album, so maybe you just can't go wrong with it!
B000002J0B|1.0|When this album came out on vinyl in the 70s, a leading magazine at the time called Led Zeppelin &quot;The Limp Blimp.&quot; While I often disagreed with that magazine's reviews, they hit the nail on the head with this one. This isn't even ROCK music, folks, it's DISCO. You can call it Led Zeppelin and you can call it rock and roll, but if it looks, acts, walks and talks like a duck, a duck it is. And this duck is flopping around in the water, not flying. There are 3 decent songs on this horrid effort; decent but not great: &quot;Rain Song&quot; is slightly above average but drones on too long. &quot;D'yer Maker&quot; sounds just like T.Rex. &quot;No Quarter&quot; is a dreary trip through Alaska in the dead of winter. These 3 songs are pretty good, but don't come close to anything on Led Zeppelin I or II. The rest of this album is below average to absolutely puke-inducing putrid. Worst of the worst: &quot;The Crunge&quot; should be called &quot;The CRINGE&quot; and is pure disco; it's not even GOOD disco. Ditto for &quot;The Ocean Song&quot;; whenever I hear this one on the radio I get out the barf bag.  &quot;Dancing Days Are Here Again&quot; features a sleep-inducing 2-note guitar riff; I wonder how long it took Mr. Page to come up with this creative gem. In fact, this entire album sounds like it was cooked up in about 10 seconds. It's full of thump-thump one-and-two note disco-style bass lines and some of the most uncreative plodding sludge guitar playing that Mr. Page has ever come up with. It's hard to believe this is the same group that made the mighty Led Zeppelin I and II albums.
B00005V3Z4|5.0|This movie is excellent!!!  I saw this movie while i was over at a friends house and at first hardly anyone wanted to watch it becuase its sounds so lame... we were all raggin and just making fun of this movie before we even started to watch it but after it started after about 10 mins everyone was quite and got into the movie, no one moved, our eyes were stuck to the tv... this is one movie that grabs you and pulls you in!!! and  after the movie ended everyone just sat there and didn't move, because we were all thinking about this movie and then at the same time most of us went WHOA...lol. because its so capitvating!! and the ending is ..whoa... if you haven't seen this movie you gotta watch it!!!  it'll blow ur mind
B00008S2VG|2.0|Hi,<br />We know that Madonna is inovating, but I think she missed it here. When listening this album on an ordinary cd-player things will be ok. Ones you use a better quality stereo tower, you do not hear any music anymore. It's only heavy base you hear. The music would be a 3-4 star if you would leave out the base.<br />Sorry Madonna, CD will not be listened to often.
B00005V3Z4|5.0|This movie is excellent!!  I saw this movie while i was over at a friends house and at first hardly anyone wanted to watch it becuase its sounds so lame... we were all raggin and just making fun of this movie before we even started to watch it but after it started after about 10 mins everyone was quite and got into the movie, no one moved, our eyes were stuck to the tv... this is one movie that grabs you and pulls you in!! and  after the movie ended everyone just sat there and didn't move, because we were all thinking about this movie and then at the same time most of us went WHOA...lol. because its so capitvating!! and the ending is ..whoa... if you haven't seen this movie you gotta watch it!!  it'll blow ur mind
B0000039PW|5.0|Forget about the east coast west coast drama. If you love Pac or not your still going to love this cd. Ready to Die is Biggie's first album. The debut single, &quot;Juicy&quot; made Biggie a rap superstar from the get go. The cd is full of events detailing his life growing up. Biggie also showcases his amazing rhyme flow with his unique voice with Jamacan accent. This album comes before breathing it's that amazing.
B00006JLX4|4.0|Pavement is the reason I still have faith in recent music.  This album contains essential songs for anyone not yet convinced that music is still capable of impressing us.
0156027321|5.0|I was at first put off by the hype, which made it sound like THE CELESTINE PROPHECY, and I was pleasantly surprised when I started reading it and liking it, and after reading it a second time, it soars in my estimation.<br /><br />The protagonist is handicapped by his name, as well as by a physical inferiority and a speech impediment, all of which typecast him into a pecking order he longs to escape. <br /><br />He studies pecking orders, and I enjoyed what he says about them, and then he takes charge of his own destiny, finding a way out of the pecking order, or at least, finding a way to stay off the lower rung of it. <br /><br />Then Pi looks within the circle of being to achieve a higher state of awareness than those around him. There is no God but God, as the Muslims say, and he agrees, accepts all religions, even if the leaders of such reject him, for, he reasons, if there is no God but God, then he belongs to them all and they are--or rather should be if purely practiced--all the same. <br /><br />He becomes religious in the best sense of the word, which is to say, not really a member of any one religion, but a member of them all, a believer in universal goodness, a non-secular Walt Whitman. <br /><br />I enjoyed the first part of the novel much more than the second part, although the bit with the tiger was very good too. It says something about power and pecking orders and faith (or, hope, optimism, be-of-good-cheerfulness) and the reciprocal nature of goodness. <br /><br />The reader is given a choice of endings, and I think that's the point. The stories are equally true, and the stories are equally fiction. The answer to the koan is, when given the choice between glass half-empty and glass half-full, we should choose the latter. <br /><br />Back when Pi was caught in the pecking order, he saw himself as reflected in the eyes of others. He was trapped in the identity box where others defined him. He steps out of the box by achieving a higher sense of awareness. Then when he practices religion, he refuses to let others define his religion for him. He lives by his own definition. <br /><br />Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be, as Lincoln said. Some things are beyond our control--we get cancer or involved in carwrecks or are stranded by shipwrecks--things which are the responsibility of Chance and Time--but we can achieve a better control on reality by taking control of the life of the mind and by directing ourselves in a positive way, living with a sense of goodness and personal responsibility. <br /><br />I am reminded of the movie, GROUNDHOG DAY.<br /><br />Yann Martel says that his choice of Richard Parker as the tiger's name was no coincidence. In fact, it's the result of a triple historical coincidence, two historical Richard Parker's having been involved in shipwrecks and cannibalism, and Edgar Allan Poe's novel, entitled THE ADVENTURES OF ARTHUR GORDON PYM, also features a Richard Parker and coincidentally in an ironic role.
0060930187|3.0|I enjoyed The Bell Jar as much as I enjoy Sylvia Plath's poetry, but as a novel it's obviously why this is not considered one of the classics.<br />Don't misunderstand me, the book is a good read and the writing top-notch, but what makes it excel is the figurative language; I found the novel at times messy. Therefore, giving it a higher rating would be unappropriate.<br />As a young inspiring author, I enjoyed reading the segment with Sylvia attempting to write a book. <BR>I also appreciated her gift of expressing depression. Rather than writing something like, &quot;I felt as if the terrible burden of depression was laid upon me, crushing me whole,&quot; as many authors would do, her experiences through mental angst made the writing genuine. Most writers, do not portray a skewed perception of the victim as Plath did.<br />The Bell Jar is genuine, and that's what makes it impact its readers.<br />All in all, some great writing by Plath, but the novel itself does not compete with the classics. And why should it? She was not a novelist but a poet. I would recommend it, however, as I would any of Plath's poetry.
B000059PPN|3.0|Damn was the kid annoying. The movie would've been much better had he been killed in the opening scene. My thoughts....if you like this kind of movie, you'll like this one. If not, you'll hate it.
0380002930|5.0|It's hard to dislike Watership Down. Imaginative, engrossing, yet simple and concise, it's a epic tale to read and reread. At first it seems silly that rabits talk like educated Englishmen, but you grow used to it, then think it second nature. Richard Adams is not a brilliant writer, but he's a very good one. What he does have is a wonderful imagination, and it makes the book. No matter who you are, you will love Watership Down. The stories, the adventures, the characters, you care about the characters, are all well told. Read it!
0345350499|5.0|I read this book for the 1st time 12 years ago, and was completely enthralled by it, as the 'Camelot' story from Morgan's point of view.  I re-read it a couple of years ago, and am still enthralled.  Zimmer Bradley does an excellent job developing the characters, we only thought we knew.  <br />The attention to detail in this novel is extraordinary; you can almost see, smell and feel Avalon.<br />This is a book I would recommend to any lover of good fiction.
0446310786|3.0|What HASN'T been said about this book? First of all, Harper Lee is a talented author, her writing is highly developed and somewhat eloquent. It's a simple book about a simple town, so there are no jaw-dropping sentences of literary prowness. Let's face it, this is not James Joyce.<br />O.K., so the book is simple, but is it a good read? Yes. The reason it is so well-loved is because of Atticus Finch, who is a well-balanced, educated, and moral man amongst ignorant, uneducated, racist farm folk. The trial is also well written and enthralling, and the unfairness of racism is well portrayed.<br />One of the greatest books of the twentieth century? Not even close. One of the most well-loved? Definitely. Few hate it, but for those who dive deep into literature: it doesn't live up to the hype.
B00005V3Z4|5.0|I must say, I've seen this movie 4 times now and I still haven't completely figured it out. In fact, I've changed my perspective on this movie every time I see it. I've never experienced a movie so thought pervoking as 'Donnie Darko'. 'Equilibrium' has come close, but I figured that movie out the first time I watched it. I kept coming back to 'equilibrium' for the drama and the fantastic story line. 'Donnie Darko' had me waking up the next day thinking about it. Painfully wondering what I'd seen and what had happened. I suddenly found myself on a quest to understand this movie. It drew me in and I didn't even see it coming. It seemed like I was watching a normal movie, all the signs were there, but something hooked me in and I havent' been the same since. Seriously, be warned, this movie is addictive. I think that's why it's such a favorite of many reviewers. I highly recommend this movie and if you figure it out, please let me know...SERIOUSLY!!
0684833395|5.0|Catch-22 is not perfectly written, but pretty damn close.<BR>It starts out hilarious and ends horrifying. The book is incredibly fictional, to the point of ridiculousness, but as they say, &quot;much truth is said in jest.&quot;<br />It's not perfect: Heller's scene with Yossarian in the rain near the end was a bit overdone, and if he wanted to make it dramatic and impacting, he should have written it better, but all in all with the hilarity, the brilliant irony, and the anti-war effect it leaves you after you read it, it deserves an easy 5 stars.
B00005JLWN|5.0|I found this movie to be very intertaining. To say it is action-packed is an understatement. The action scenes are done brilliantly and very tasteful in their manner. I don't beleive there is a single curse word in the entire movie. There's a reason for that. After watching it, I also found 'Equilibrium' to be very thought provoking. It made me ask myself...is this where we're heading as a nation? It sometimes feels like it. I highly recommend this movie to any sci-fi and/or action-film fan. It's a good one!
B000089RVX|5.0|This is the best cd I own.  I listen to it every day and can't get enough of it.
B00005JM09|5.0|Terminator at its best! I wasn't sure about this one after hearing it was coming out...but shortly into the movie I knew I was going to love it. ACTION, ACTION and MORE ACTION accurately describe this 3rd installment of the Terminator series. I felt like a kid in a candy store as I watched this movie. The special-effects are amazing, the action sequences are nail-bitting and the story-line is shocking. What more could you ask for? This is a must see for any sci-fi or Terminator fan.
630469797X|1.0|...and also, one of the worst horror films I've ever seen. It is NOT scary or terrifying at all! It's just stupid, sick, violent, and gory. All the gore effects are there for the sake of viewers wanting to see some zombie action. There are almost no characters you get to know or care about, or even something worth remembering. It's just like &quot;The Texas Chainsaw Massacre&quot;, only this is much worse.
0893860220|5.0|Here I am fairly far into my journey, and, I thought I was comfortable with my spiritual views...... Alas, not so. :)<br />Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj in his book (\\"I AM THAT\\") of questions from Visitors, is causing a major shift of my thoughts regarding many things: including Reincarnation. For me, this is a wonderful happening as I like to move on. Because I have held certain ideas for Years - is no reason to stop incorporating NEW THOUGHTS AND NEW IDEAS. <br />I sold a Michael Moore book to a brainiac guy from Berleley, CA, and after emailing each other for months, he recommended \\"I AM THAT\\".  To this day, I cannot Thank Him Enough. <br />Get ready to burn a few cells ....in your brain...and maybe Expand your consciousness without having to take LSD. <br />May The Force Be With You My Friends,<BR>Judi July 11, 2003
6305428042|5.0|This movie is probably the single most insightful and beautiful film ever created. I am sure the writers were divinely inspired by some otherworldy force. The music is so beautiful it made me want to cry- example- when Sarah Jessica Parker sings her song, &quot;Come Little Children&quot;. That song made inspired me to ride my broom into the moonlight and sing it over the beautiful Manhattan cityscape. Children actually followed!! I am completely flabbergasted by the fact that this movie was ignored by the Academy.
0767817486|5.0|Given our on-line \\"Amazonian\\" context; this will be almost as much a review of the other reviews as it is about \\"Midnight Express\\". <G>    Pure and simple.  If you have never witnessed this classic of a movie; it's a must see.  If you have seen it; like a good book, it's well worth periodically revisting.    The controversey about the portrayal of Turks and Turkey is mostly nonsense.  Only a fool would generalize from a Hollywood movie loosely based on a book to conclude that Turkey is (or was) an awful uncivilized place or that the Turkish people are all monsters. Human affairs just aren't that simple.      The kinds of inhumane abuses portrayed in \\"Midnight Express\\" are happening all over the world all the time...I dare say there are many dark corners in the US prison system in which people are shafted in all manner of ways.      What this movie does as well as anything I've ever seen on screen is to evoke in the viewer an empathetic respose to the hell that the main character suffers.  You are drawn into the inner world experience of horror and mind/heart breaking angst that anyone who is being unjustly imprisoned and abused must go through.      Fortunately, one can also be drawn into the righteous rage and defiance and rekindling of hope that the on screen Billy Hayes portrays so stunningly.  The scene in which he is visited in prison by his loyal loving girlfriend is a wrenching work of Art.    The crtiques calling this film \\"manipulative\\" are absurd; that's what good movies are *supposed* to do.....otherwise it's just light on a screen.   I suspect that some people can't, or won't, handle the intensity of this masterpiece. There are also those who see it as nothing more than a manifestation of anti-Turkish propaganda.  It's a shame that these poor folk can't get beyond their own fixations and limitations.    \\"Midnight Express\\" is, in it's best moments, a stunningly wonderful celebration of the human spirit of love AND of the imperative toward freedom and justice that is at the very core of human be-ing.  It is *those* moments in the film (and in life! ;-) that make it worthwhile/possible to bear (and struggle with) all manner of  hellacious circumstances.     Contrary to superficial appearances \\"Midnight Express\\" is a positive uplifting affimation of life that deserves to seen and appreciated for generations to come.
0060934913|5.0|Reading this brought back memories, both good and bad from my earlier days in the restaurant field.  Rising early in the dark morning hours to stand in front of a prep sink picking spinach to deveining 200 pounds of shrimp for Mother's day.  This book goes into the back door stories that many a patron might want to know.  Ever been to a place where the bathroom stank and was a total mess?  The kitchen probably isn't far off!<br />The stories ring true and the lifestyle is one I will never forget.  Only the strong will survive and after reading the accounts of his various restaurants I can luckly say, I have survived.<br />Very good book, easy to read, and hard to put down.  This is a must for your budding chef or chef wanna be.  Just be careful to whom you give the book.  The details get spicy, raunchy and vulgar, but then again, that's many a kitchen for you.<br />Spice up your life.
B00004WGAF|5.0|House of Cards, a BBC production done at the time of Margaret Thatcher's downfall, is one of the best modern political intrigue/satires done. The cast, the story, and the exacting attention to detail make this a piece worth watching and re-watching, to see what details escaped notice the first time.<br /><br />The Plot<br />As the story opens, Thatcher has just resigned. There is a brief glimpse of an inner-party election for a new leader, and the moderate, middle candidate Henry Collingridge wins the post, and proceeds to barely win the next General Election. Almost immediately following this event, tempers begin to flare as Urqhart is denied the promotion he had sought, and is disgusted with Collingridge's 'politics as usual' stance.<br /><br />Francis Urqhart, Conservative Party whip and functionary, with the unwitting assistance of a junior political reporter Mattie Storin, and the manipulated support of party functionary Roger O'Neill, sets out to undo the Prime Minister, involving the PM in scandals that rock his fragile majority and ever-loosening grip on power. Ultimately, Urqhart's schemes against Collingridge bring the PM down, and the stage is set for another leadership election.<br /><br />Urqhart, at the urging of his wife Elizabeth, works toward the leadership and works toward solidifying the loyalties of his minions, who include the ruffian Tim Stamper, an associate whip in the Commons, and Benjamin Landless, a newspaper proprietor. However, it is in making Storin his bedroom partner and virtual worshipper that Urqhart has his strongest support; this support is not absolute, something he recognises. This relationship is done with the blessing, nay, with the urging, of his wife Elizabeth.<br /><br />Urqhart uses his inside knowledge to make short work of all but the top contenders for the job, and then casts his lot for the job at the last moment, splitting the ticket. Knocking one contender against another one final time, Urqhart carries the election. However, O'Neill is unstable and unsure of the propriety of his dealings in bringing down Collingridge, and Storin realises at the last moment that she has been a pawn in a master political chess game. O'Neill's cocaine problem leads to his demise, as Urqhart plants poison in his drugs and permits O'Neill's nature to do him in. Storin discovers this murder plot, and confronts Urqhart, who confesses, but then proceeds to throw Mattie Storin bodily from the roof of the House of Commons.<br /><br />But, there was a tape recorder running, setting the stage for the sequel...<br /><br />The Cast<br />Ian Richardson is masterful as Urqhart, the scheming blackheart Chief Whip/Prime Minister. His voice, his subtle inflections and tones are perfect for the subtext in the words he speaks. His sidewise glances and knowing expressions to camera as the action plays out is worth far more than any words. He is a perfect snobbish, upper-class politico who considers political office as patrician right, and despises pretenders to the role.<br /><br />Diane Fletcher is superb as Elizabeth Urqhart, the equally manipulative wife. She is under utilised in this part of the trilogy, coming into her own as a character and an actress in later parts of the trilogy. One gets the strong sense of muted ambition and greed, but not amorality or power for power's sake from her, a distinction hard to play out on video. Fletcher succeeds beautifully.<br /><br />Susannah Harker plays Mattie Storin, the troubled, intelligent and inexperienced journalist who falls for Urqhart. Her psychological instability and intelligence are played beautifully. Harker can make quite a statement just with the movements of her eyes, making her a good counterpoint to Richardson.<br /><br />Miles Anderson plays the drug addict/party operative Roger O'Neill, doing a good job at playing the cad, the coward, and the fearful go-along with Urqhart's schemes. A rat trapped, O'Neill is at the breaking point, and Anderson plays this admirably.<br /><br />Perhaps the best secondary roles were performed by Alphonsia Emmanuel, who plays O'Neill's assistant and lover Penny Guy, and James Villiers, who plays Charles Collingridge, the deposed Prime Minister's troubled brother. Their roles shine brilliantly despite the relative lack of screen time.<br /><br />One gets the impression that everyone in British politics is brilliant and troubled. Well, the truth would be about half that.<br /><br />The Play's the Thing...<br />This production, in writing and execution, is full of Shakespearean nuances. There are indirect and direct references to Richard III, and Urqhart is a Machiavellian manipulator in the Duke of Gloucester's image, recast for modern dress and situation, complete with stage whispers and asides to audience. The depth of the characters, while still remaining caricatures, is fascinating. Perhaps the best-known line for a while was Urqhart's attempts to get information out to the journalist Storin without actually telling her, and being guilty (by the letter of the law) for leaks and disclosures. She would hint and speculate, at which Urqhart would reply, `You might very well think that. I of course couldn't possibly comment.'<br /><br />John Major used this response in one of his own question-time exchanges, a use that was appreciated by the Members on both sides of the House.<br /><br />Conclusions<br />For those who know nothing of British politics, this is actually a fascinating way to learn. For those who take an interest in British politics, this provides an intriguing fictional tale that is, in many ways, so close to reality on so many levels as to be positively unnerving.<br /><br />Richardson rightly won BAFTA awards for his portrayal of Urqhart in each of the three installments, House of Cards and its sequels To Play the King and The Final Cut. These sequels were possibly only because of a BBC change to Dobbs' original manuscript, which had Urqhart rather than Storin falling from the rooftop garden of the House of Commons.<br /><br />A bonus for the viewer.Alphonsia Emmanuel, who plays O'Neill's assistant and lover Penny Guy, and James Villiers, who plays Charles Collingridge, the deposed Prime Minister's troubled brother. Their roles shine brilliantly despite the relative lack of screen time.     One gets the impression that everyone in British politics is brilliant and troubled. Well, the truth would be about half that.     The Play's the Thing...   This production, in writing and execution, is full of Shakespearean nuances. There are indirect and direct references to Richard III, and Urqhart is a Machiavellian manipulator in the Duke of Gloucester's image, recast for modern dress and situation, complete with stage whispers and asides to audience. The depth of the characters, while still remaining caricatures, is fascinating. Perhaps the best-known line for a while was Urqhart's attempts to get information out to the journalist Storin without actually telling her, and being guilty (by the letter of the law) for leaks and disclosures. She would hint and speculate, at which Urqhart would reply, `You might very well think that. I of course couldn't possibly comment.'     John Major used this response in one of his own question-time exchanges, a use that was appreciated by the Members on both sides of the House.     Conclusions   For those who know nothing of British politics, this is actually a fascinating way to learn. For those who take an interest in British politics, this provides an intriguing fictional tale that is, in many ways, so close to reality on so many levels as to be positively unnerving.     Richardson rightly won BAFTA awards for his portrayal of Urqhart in each of the three installments, House of Cards and its sequels To Play the King and The Final Cut. These sequels were possibly only because of a BBC change to Dobbs' original manuscript, which had Urqhart rather than Storin falling from the rooftop garden of the House of Commons.     A bonus for the viewer.
B00006F83Y|5.0|After hearing their debut single &quot;No One Knows&quot;, I had to buy the disc.  I was very pleased with what I heard - because it was FRESH!!  There are many styles of music and writing on this disc from the popish garage rock of &quot;No One Knows&quot; to the almost-orchestral &quot;Mosquito Song&quot;, which I thoroughly LOVE!  I'm a strings man myself :)<br />As I listened I heard Freddie Mercury/Queen influences in their minor, chord changing choruses and familiar guitar work.  I also love Josh's higher voice, much of Freddie Mercury too.  There were a couple of songs I didn't really care for:  Six Shooter, Go With The Flow and Gonna Leave You, but No One Knows, Mosquito Song, The Sky Is Fallin', God Is In The Radio and Song For The Deaf are so good, it still earns 5 stars!<br />This is a definite, modern day must-have!
B000001IPP|5.0|Rancid is great!  Man you people that put them down because of this CD you got problems.  Tim Armstrong came from the band &quot;Operation Ivy&quot; his nickname was &quot;Tent&quot; the Ska King.  Also Matt Freeman came from &quot;Operation Ivy&quot; after the band ended they started Rancid, Lars Frederiksen you might no of the band &quot;Lars Fredriksen and The Bastards&quot;.  This CD is Great, counting it was one of their first.  Whoever thinks the CD is horriable, porbally, dosen't know much about Rancid.  This CD deserves the best ratings!
0393039765|5.0|We were raised on television to believe that we'd all be millionares, movie gods, rock stars, but we won't. And we're starting to figure that out
B00008J4P5|5.0|People often criticize this band for sounding too old school.  But I think it was time we finnally had a band that actually was true rock and roll.  They definetly have the most original sound in the last 20 years.  This group is one that you will probaly either really love or absolutely hate.  Their new album &quot;Elephant&quot; is just another progression to excellence for the White Stripes.  As usual with the White Stripes this album as many diffrent styles of rock on it.  Everything from slow rock with Meg White's &quot;Cold Cold Night&quot; to some more hardcore rock with &quot;Little Acorn&quot; and &quot;Hypnotize&quot;.  They also have some awesome songs that lay in between these two very diffrent rock styles.  For example their first single off this album &quot;Seven Nation Army&quot; offers a very nice feel with the bass.  I think if you want a album that offers some true rock and roll music and great lyrics then Elephant should be it.  Also I highly recommend any White Stripe album.
B000001OAA|5.0|I absolutely love this album. Garbage remind me of other death pop bands very much, but they definently have their own unique twist. I love Shirley Manson's voice. It's so amazing. And you can't forget the legendary Butch Vig on drums. You can't get much better than that. Go out and buy Garbage! If you like rock music with techno flavor, you'll love this album.
B000002AH1|5.0|This is Miles at the top of his form, hitting high notes like he never had before, and playing with an aggressiveness that he later gave up for a more minimalist approach.  This is one of the last albums he did in which the rhythm section was completely interactive with the soloists, as opposed to the \\"lay down the groove\\" thing he did on later albums (i.e. when Al Foster replaced Jack DeJohnette).  \\"Sivad\\" is a great bit of avant-blues, played in a strange time signature (it comes out to 16/4, played in phrases of 7-5-4). \\"Funky Tonk\\" is the same bass riff as on \\"Wednesday Miles\\" on the \\"Miles at Fillmore East\\" album, but played twice as fast and DeJohnette is going so wild it sounds like he's playing a double bass drumset, though he's not.  The piano solo on that tune is outstanding, even though the Rhodes is messing up, but Jarrett, instead of avoiding the clunker keys, lays into them and gets a real exotic sound out of it.  Gary Bartz is eminently soulful through the whole album, and John McLaughlin is pretty abstract but it all fits together nicely.  I agree with the previous reviewer that \\"Gemini/Double Image\\" doesn't really go anywhere, but the guitar in it is so nasty I used to blast it in the college dorm to scare all the dweebs that thought \\"Freebird\\" was the ultimate in guitar playing. <br />As far as funk, I think that Miles' later albums were a lot funkier (\\"On the Corner\\", \\"Agharta\\"), but this album is chock full of virtuosity.  The fact that they could take a lame riff like the one on \\"What I Say\\" and make it work is a testament to this.
B000059TEP|5.0|I was eight years old when I first saw this. The day before I saw it, my mother said &quot;Hey Jeff, why don't we watch Ghost tommorow morning?&quot; When my my mom said this, I thought won't that scare me? As if my mother was reading my mind, she says, &quot;Don't worry, it won't scare you.&quot; So I said OK, brushed my teeth, and hurried off to bed.<br />    This movie is about when a ghost (Patrick Swayze) teams up with a psychic (Whoopi Goldberg) to uncover the truth behind his murder set up by his best friend (Tony Goldwyn), and to recue his wife (Demi Moore) from a similar fate. Entertainment Weekly says, &quot;The word of mouth is that GHOST is a 'must see' romance.&quot;<br />   I saw this when I was eight and it didn't scare me a bit. Ghost is full of comedy, romance, and mystery that will send you on a roller coaster of excitment when you watch this on your DVD or VHS system.<br />                    FIVE STARS FOR GHOST!!<br />Have Fun!,<BR>Jeffrey Alan Cote'<BR>(brazilgamer_tacomawa)
B0000047GA|5.0|This is the album that used the unlikely, creaky old format of an organ trio as a take-off point for creating jazz-rock fusion as it was meant to be: aggressive, loud, raw, and mind-blowing.  Nobody else could ever do the things Williams did on this album, and if he went a bit too far in some ways (i.e. the singing) it's more than compensated by the whirlwind of sound and feeling that's found throughout.  The sound is lousy, but so what.  The fidelity isn't so good on the &quot;Hot Five&quot; recordings either, but no one's putting them aside for that.  I only regret that there's nothing out there now that matches the creativity and originality of this disc.
B000022TSW|5.0|This movie is so funny, It's scary. Let's start with the story. The new Terrance and Phillip (these are fart joking Canadian weird cool people) movie is out, and the South Park boys are itching to see it. They get a homeless guy to sneak them in, and, well, they learn things that I, fortunately also learned at age nine. They repeat these vulgar sayings so many times that their moms form M.A.C., \\"Mothers Against Canada\\".<BR>Terrence and Phillip become prisoners of war as the wonderful U.S. Of A declares war on Canada. The boys have to stop them before it is too late. Too late for them to stop Satan and his gay lover, Saddam Hussein, from coming to earth and taking over the world if the blood of Terrence and Phillip spills on American ground, that is. On top of it all, Stan's girlfriend, Wendy, starts hanging out with a weird German kid, Gregory. The songs in this movie were, like, 75% of the funniness. There is even a song where Satan sings of his dream of living on Earth. Classic. Not much in the ways of special features, though.
B00006RU5B|5.0|With the amazing vocals of Chris and the most innovative and the BEST guitar player EVER this bad provides us with a band that has actual talent at each position. People used to the vomitrocious sounds of Linkin Park, Incubus, and whatever band sings that send the pain below song, will be refreshed to hear a wonderful compilation of truly great music. I was hoping none of the songs would reach radio air waves because they were bound to overplay all the songs and sure enough the radio stations grabbed a hold of \\"Like a Stone\\" and they progressed to play it more than \\"How You Remind Me\\" or even \\"Kryptonite\\" well they didnt play it as much as those 2 but either case I still have not gotten sick of that song. The only thing I have gotten sick of is people saying that they are soundgarden but soundgarden did not nearly have the musical talent audioslave has plus the majority of soundgarden's music was real hard while audioslaves' is a little lighter than expected considering the all out lunacy of the 2nd greatest band ever (rage against the machine) Keep it real homey's. And remember: You can tell if a band sucks if a girl likes them and someone that listens to rap/pop likes them too. I.E. Linkin Park, 3 Doors Down, NickleBack etc
B00009TB5G|4.0|There are a few serious issues I have with the movie.  Being a hybrid purist, I'm not too upset with most of the changes in the movie.  However, there are two big changes that I think mar the work as a whole.  These are the changes in character for Theoden and Faramir.  In the books, Theoden, after being freed from Saruman's spell, rides out to meet Saruman's army and ends up at Helm's deep after a series of engagements.  Rather than one gigantic \\"set piece\\" I think the movie and Theoden's character would have been better served by the series of battles described in the book.  Perhaps more importantly, Eomer and Aragorn develop a friendship during these battles that is lost in the movie's use of Eomer as deus ex machina.  Secondly, in the book Faramir was wiser (and better looking) than in the movie.  He understood the dangers of the ring and the necessity of its destruction.  I understand why Peter Jackson made Faramir take Frodo captive.  He didn't think he could pull off four parallel timelines (Theoden & Aragorn, Merry & Pippin, Frodo, Faramir).  By keeping Faramir and Frodo together, he was able to only have to track three timelines.  Unfortunately, the attack on Osgiliath was still confusing and no one that I know caught the 20 second map scene where it was explained what the Two Towers meant.  I think a full minute might have been better here.  Other than these points, fabulous movie, highly recommended.  I just wish someone would explain all these DVD editions: Special Edititon, Extended Edition, Platinum Collectors Edition.  What the heck?
6305546789|5.0|This is John Carpenter's horror masterpiece! A relentless, terrifying, almost mystical experience. I still jump whenever Michael appears! You know the story. Michael Myers escapes from the mental institution (where he's been for 15 years) on Halloween night. Dr. Loomis (Donald Pleasance) tracks him back to his home town of Haddonfield Illinois. This is where Michael killed his older sister 15 years earlier (when he was six). Meanwhile, Jamie Lee Curtis is getting ready for a boring evening of babysitting. She's in for a huge surprise! Halloween grabs you by the throat, without a drop of blood, unlike other lesser movies of it's type. Carpenter left much to our own imaginations, trusting in our ability to scare ourselves silly! Watch it on Halloween night for added creepiness...
0385509456|5.0|I loved this book and would totally recommend it.  My only reservation in my rating is the fact that I, unlike others who have reviewed this, do not work with autistic kids, am not a math teacher, and such.  I am looking at the book as a cohesive unit and don't actually feel that it holds up as a story that well.<br /> All that means is that as an insight into autism, and emapthy it is amazing.  (The section with Christopher in the train station is amazing, even more so since it is told by a boy who does not experience emotion.  It does lead me to wonder how often I may misinterpret peoples behavior )  but if you are looking for this to be a mystery from beginning to end...it is not.  It almost seems like the investigation, the sherlock holmes idea is dropped, and something else takes it's place.  To me, a little brown and yellow got into the book (Christopher hates brown and yellow) and it doesn't truly deliver on the book jackets promise...<br />but as a unique voice...a snapshot into the world of the different and unique, hey it is a wonder.  And ultimately, if it doesn't deliver on the  mystery thing that well, it does have some surprises, and maybe, as I write this, the mystery itself is a red herring for the rest of Christopher's journey..<br />A book unlike anything that has been written, a book that is desacriptive in the voice of a boy who cannot describe, an emotional piece by a voice with no emotion...<br />so, check this out.  You may not think it holds up, but it is a very good read...<br />and it will leave you thinking alot.
0385504209|3.0|I enjoyed most of the book, a definite page turner, but when I got to the end, it was like many other books in the genre, disappointing.  The end simply didn't make sense and the dots just weren't connected.  It was a let down after the roller coaster ride.  I also thought the characters rather one-dimensional.
B000066F6H|5.0|Veni Vidi Vicious has been The Hives most successful commercially.  The Swedish rockers do not disappoint the spoiled punk rock community of America.  The Hives are more than satisfying to listen to, they're raw, talented punk rock musicians.  What else do you need.
B000068QY7|5.0|When I bought this album when it came out last year I thought it was really good but nothing spectacular.  I listened to it about once week.  It wasn't until six months later when it hit me how incredible this album is!  Listening to this album is a non-stop goosebump.  'Little By Little' is easily my favorite song on this album.  This is the Oasis album that probably sounds most like 'Morning Glory' but is also very different.  The flow to this album is impeccible and each song stands out.  Give it a shot...  You'll probably like it at first but over time you'll start to love it.
B000068OSK|5.0|I don't care of what the poser white stripes fans say about the debut album, it's just as good as the rest.  5 stars, because it's just the same as their best album, De Stijl.<BR>Although, most of the songs were cover songs, they are still performed in the very unique style of The White Stripes.  I'm a very mild-mannered person, but reading the negative reviews just makes me mad.  I demand an apology from those idiots with no taste in music who wrote those horrible reviews.  <BR>     \\"Jimmy the Exploder\\" is the best song on the album besides \\"Sugar never tasted so good.\\"  Almost every song on the album is good, & Jack & Meg work very hard to make their music.  I don't want to hear what the POSERS have to say about the album, whoever wrote bad reviews, you suck, because all of the White Stripes albums are good.<BR>      Their songs have feeling, you can't listen to \\"Suzy Lee, The Big Three Killed My Baby, Broken Bricks, & Little People\\" & tell me that they suck, they rule.  Who's with me, only real White Stripes fans can agree with me.  A true White Stripes fan will tell you the truth about their music, & the truth is that every single song they've recorded is great.
B000089RVX|5.0|What can I say.  It sounds different, and great!  She has a great voice but the music still sounds dark and angry.  The guitar riffs are different also.  Buy this album.  Every song is good.
B000003TAW|5.0|This album was an excellent debut for Weezer.  With only 10 songs, this album is as good as an album with 18 songs.  10 tracks, 10 good songs.  Without this album Weezer wouldn't be where they are today.  The highlights of the album are &quot;My name is Jonas, Undone-the Sweater song, Say it ain't so, In the garage, &amp; Only in dreams.&quot;  I'm not saying that the other songs weren't any good, they just weren't as good as the songs that I just mentioned.  It's hard to believe that this album has been around for almost a decade, but this album is getting better with age.
B00005JM09|4.0|To my surprise, T3  didn't turn out to be as bad as I thought it would have been.  I had low expectations of this film due to all the factors that gave reasoning for this to be a bad film such as the absenses of James Cameron and Linda Hamilton.  But after I saw this film, I was BLOWN AWAY from all those thoughts.  This film was terrific!  It would have been nice Linda Hamilton and Ed Furlong (the kid who played John Conner in T2)to return but not everything is perfect in life.  This easily one of Arnold's best movies he has made in years.  But compared to the first two, this is the worst Terminator movie yet, but it is still a mind blowing action-packed thrill ride.  Atnold's back and better then ever and has his mind set on a new intense adventure as a machine.  Anyway, here is the plot..<BR>It has now been ten yrs since skynet was blown away.  Sarah Conner is now deceased and John Conner is now basically doing whatever he can to avoid the life he was destined for.  He basically does what he can to stay alive and keeps traveling hundreds of miles but really has no idea where he is going.  Nut it turns out that blowing up Skynet doesn't prevent Judgement Day; it only postponed it.  That means that the Terminators will still exist, and now there is one a new and very advanced one.  It is called the T-X (Terminatrix), played by Kristanna Loken who is wicked hot!  She is Faster, stronger,and can control and heavy machinery with her mind .  As in she can drive a car, but she won't be in the car, she will be somewhere else while her mind will be controlloing the car.  This Terminator is sent to do the obvious-Kill John Conner.  But that is not all.  Conner isn't going to be the only general in the war against the machines in the future.  There will be other generals in the war and the T-X must kill everynody who will become a general in the future right now so they won't be able to fight in the war.  Also a T-850 (Arnold Schwarzenegger).  It is slighlty more advanced then the T-800's that were sent back in the first 2 films.  His mission is of course protect Conner and his fri9end Kate Brewster (Clare Danes).  It seems that Brewster's father is the man who will create Skynet and is almost finished with the project.  Now it is up to them to stop that from happening and before the T-X can get to them and terminate them.  One other thing, Earl Boen makes a small reappearence as Dr. Silberman (the guy who treated Sarah Conner in the first 2 films)<br />Anyway, T3 is loaded with instense action and lots of destruction.  This film had the most destruction out of the 3.  The only thing that keeps that this film from getting a perfect 5/5 is that part is confusing and there are some things in this movie that seem ridiculous.  Things such as the T-850 kicking an ambnulance and cousing it to tip over.  This film however doesn't come close to as good as the second was.  T2 was way better, even the original Terminator (1984) was better.  But this is still good and should be ssen while it is still in theaters.
0525244581|5.0|This is a cute book and a quick read for a lazy rainy day.
0671027344|2.0|This book was glowingly recommended by 2 friends (adult males). I'm still not sure why. Highly derivative and cliche ridden, the broad and fully expected stereotypes cruising through this year of high school were a complete bore. No surprise, no complexity, not believable that an uber-genius would write this way. Were I still in high school (or better yet, jr. high) it would be an enjoyable read. For those of us closer to Charlie's chronological age, it's probably just pleasant nostalgia for gen x ex-nerds. Skip the book and listen to the Smiths.
B00008WG3U|5.0|There was a point when I refused to purchase this album simply because of it's title. I'm not a diehard patriot but in all honesty NOFX is way too liberal and 90 percent of the time they have no clue what they're talking about in the political world. However the negative and incorrect political messages aren't enough to refute the pure musical entertainment value this album offers. NOFX has always and continues to change album by album while still maintaining a solid core sound. In other words each CD sounds different but has the same basic recipe for success. This is such a great ability to have, as most other bands either constantly repeat themselves or change so drastically that you can't find a common sound. <br />War On Errorism offers traditional NOFX four chord madness and energy with a couple of twists inbetween (i.e. 'Whoops I OD'ed', a great guitar duet with almost poetic lyrics'). It doesn't sound like their past CD's but in a way it does, either way old and new NOFX fans will love it.
0385504209|5.0|Fantastic fiction, mixed with a perfect amount of historical facts that are unknown to most. Mystery, suspense and ... art history. Ya gotta love it. Highly recommended.
B00005JLTN|5.0|I've found a disturbing trend in those who didn't like this movie: they did not understand it.  The simpletons will certainly love the none stop, new-level action this movie has to offer.  And that's fine.  But some of us actually listened to the dialouge.  To explain the plot of this movie would consume pages and hours, I suggest a truly intrested person read the explanations that CorporateMofo.com has to offer.  Or just pick up an encyclopedia and look up Gnostic Philosophy.  A few of the simpler implications are as follows;  Neo is the sixth to make this journy.  He had five predecessors, comprable to the Five Books of Moses- Neo, or \\"New\\", is The New Testament-  Neo is Jesus.  It is my prediction that he will be Crucified in the third, final film.  Another miniscule tidbit I found interesting was the love scene between Neo and Trinity-  below an arch-  a reference to emaculate conception.  This suggests that trinity is pregnant, possibly even with the Anti-Neo.  And one more - Neo stops the Sentinels with his hands in Zion, he shouldn't be able to.  This suggests that Zion is yet another program in the matrix, indicitive of mactrices upon matrices.  There are many more intruiging aspects of this movie, too many to list.<br />This movie doesn't \\"rip off\\" any other movie, it uses influences from many different religions, as well as making those references double entendres with computing terms.  It's clever as heck.  <br />I happen to think this film most enjoyable when understood.  But that's just my opinion.
B00009V7T2|5.0|So, a few weeks before the official cd release, I found a copy of the cd on internet. I knew At the drive-in, and love relationship of command (the vaya EP a lot less). The Mars Volta however, I only heard 1 song from tremulant, and 1 demo. So I though to myself.. &quot;ATDI is good, why wont this be at least as good&quot;. I downloaded the cd, listened to it, and got hooked. The week it came out i bought the official release, and it almost hasn't been out of my cd-player since.<br />The cd really kicks off with a blast, the way that &quot;son et lumiere&quot; creates a build-up for the energy released in &quot;Ertiatic esp&quot;. &quot;Drunkship of lanterns&quot; uses the best rythmic section I ever heard, it really is haunting (especcially with the pleading singing of Omar Rodrigues Lopez).<br />The album keeps your interest from beginnning to the end.. only... There are 2 minor weaknesses I have to point out. Some of the breaks in the song are a bit long.. and they could have been worked into the music better. (in a Sonic Youth song you glide into the guitar chaos gradually, on this cd I sometimes get the feeling that they made songs, and then created breaks to put somewhere in the songs) Another minor weakness... It's a bit of a shame that the band managed to sound completely different than ATDI, except for the last song... Take the veil cerpin taxt just sounds like ATDI, and that Is a strange reminder...<br />Still, this IS the best cd you'll hear for a while (If you like this genre of music, of course) So, all of you.. Go BUY (not download like evil me did at first) the cd, or LP... and listen to it till you memorised every second of it... and then listen some more :D<br />And for everyone who isn't already into ATDI, Sparta, The Mars Volta, or similar music... Give it a try, with a bit of patience you'll probably learn to like this..
B000066NW0|1.0|Give me a break.  Let's see how many people are listening to this in 2 years.  One of the most overrated albums in years.
0609610570|4.0|I found this book to be excellent.  No, I am not a CEO of a fortune 500 company, but a pastor of a small rural church.  Sure, we're not doing billion dollar deals, but people are people and the principles of execution found in this book work no matter what size your company or non-profit organization is.  Sure, there were some chapters I suffered through; all the talk about Six Sigma was Greek to me; yet, I found the book intriguing. If you are a professional who is struggling in getting things done, this is well worth the read.  Take a chance, you might be pleasantly surprised.
0393317552|5.0|Guns, Germs, and Steel is a wonderful book. It tackles a lot of controversial topics. The main focus of this book is to answer the question, \\"What made Europeans technologically superior to Africans?\\" What the book discusses is very interesting but sometimes a little disorganized. Diamond writes as if he were talking to you, acknowledging the reader as an equal in intelligence rather than dumbing down the material. Diamond does lose the reader in some passages, but a large majority of what he has to say is very interesting and keeps the reader turning the pages until the end.
B000089CJI|5.0|Best Album I have heard in 3 years.  It is in my top 3 of all time.  The soft lyrics, the hard beats are totaly complimenting.  I think the song that really hooked me to them was &quot;The district sleeps alone tonight&quot;, one line in that chorus just sounds so powerful &quot;You seem so out of context in this gaudy aprtment complex&quot;, all of the songs just seem so surreal.  You seem to feel like you are floating, just a wonderfull album, every song is great, what a find.
0393057658|4.0|This book tells the captivating story of how Oakland A's general manager Billy Beane built one of the top franchises in Major League Baseball today with the second lowest payroll.  The objective, science-based methods and thought processes he and his management team used to accomplish that amazing feat are compelling and offer wonderful insight into what makes a successful ballplayer and front office.  However, the tale is a bit extreme in focusing only on a few of the admittedly remarkable role players who contribute greatly to the team's success while barely mentioning the more conventional star players who are probably the primary drivers for that success.  That said, it is a tribute to Beane and his management team that they are consistently able find ways to fill the holes created when those stars, such as Jason Giambi, leave for more money.  I have a hunch that Beane's way will guide a paradigm shift in strategy, tactics and, possibly most importantly, player evaluation to the benefit of all who love baseball.
B000002TQV|5.0|one of the best albums of the 90s easily...
B00005RHGL|4.0|Let's face it. There are 'guy' movies and there are 'girl' movies, also known as 'date movies' or 'chick flicks.' Anything with Hugh Grant qualifies as a date movie, while \\"Fried Green Tomatoes\\" is a chick flick. \\"Beaches\\" is a chick flick. \\"Steel Magnolias\\" is most definetly a chick flick. \\"Tombstone\\"...well, if you like spicy hot buffallo wings dripping with bleu cheese, cold beer, and football, this movie is for you.<br />Critics of \\"Tombstone\\" -- and you know who you are -- point out its cliched plot, which is more or less based on the real-life fued between ex-lawman Wyatt Earp and his brothers Morgan and Virgil, and their friend John \\"Doc\\" Holliday, and a gang of transplanted Texas outlaws called the Cowboys, which culminated in the world's most famous shoot-out, the gunfight at the O.K. Corral. They point out that some of the dialogue is stilted and hokey, if not outright ridiculous. They shake their heads at gunfights which rage for minutes with no one troubling to reload and the villains seemingly unable to hit anything except trees, windows, dirt, and if they are very lucky, the non-lethal areas of our heroes. I look upon these souls with pity. Because they are missing the whole point of this classic, pen-ultimate \\"guy\\" film: GUILTY PLEASURE.<br />Like football, beer, and the afformentioned spicy chicken wings, \\"Tombstone\\" is not good. It is just fun. I would even argue that movies like this are the whole reason movies were invented in the first place (and keep in mind the first silent pictures were Westerns). You can save your message-laden morality plays and Oscar-grubbing prestiege pictures for when you are trying to impress your girlfriend's parents at dinner, because after desert, chances are your future father-in-law will light up a stogie and fire up this DVD over that copy of \\"Yentel\\" on the coffee table. And thank goodness for that! Would you rather watch Barbara Streisand in drag or Kurt Russel bash some foul-mouthed cowboy over the head with his own .44?<br />How can you go wrong with a cast that includes apparently every working character actor in Hollywood? In addition to Kurt Russel (Wyatt) and Val Kilmer (Doc), you've got Sam Elliot (Virgil), Bill Paxton (Morgan), Billy Bob Thorton (the very unfortunate Faro dealer), Powers Boothe (Curly Bill), Michael Biehn (Johnny Ringo), Michael Rooker, Charlton Heston (yes, Charlton Heston), Jason Priestly (Billy), Billy Zane (the actor in the kilt), and even that guy that played Lowell on \\"Wings\\" ? The answer is, you can't. This (Vista) DVD is money well spent, because in addition to a few minutes of extra footage (which, by and large, doesn't add much to the viewing experience) there is a supplementary disc loaded with extras. As if you needed them!<br />The flick opens with a demonstration of first-class villainy on the part of the Cowboys, who are led by the cheerful, opium-smoking and apparently insane Curly Bill Brosius, and his right-hand man, the homicidal gunslinger Johnny Ringo. They crash the wedding of a Mexican lawman and substitute the traditional throwing of rice with the throwing of lead. This establishes them as worthy bad guys, and the credits haven't even rolled yet!<br />Cut to the arrival in Tombstone of Wyatt Earp, played by Russel. Wyatt is a weary former town marshal with, shall we say, a phyiscal approach to problem solving. Before he has spoken a word of dialogue, he hosswhips a stablehand for maltreating his trusty steed. Minutes later, he strolls into a salloon and gives loudmouth card dealer Billy Bob Thorton perhaps the most humiliating verbal and physical thrashing in cinematic history, spitting out lines like \\"Are you gonna do something about it, or just stand there and bleed?\\" before tossing him out through the swinging doors. And this is just his first day in town! Wait until he gets comfortable!<br />Wyatt is joined not only by his brothers, but by his tuburculois-stricken gunman-gambler pal Doc Holliday, who gets even better dialogue than Wyatt, and gets to say it in a marvelous Tidewater-aristocratic drawl while strolling about town in his cape. The only thing deadlier than Doc's three-gun pistol rig is his own death-wish. Never mess with a man whose motto is: \\"Say when!\\"<br />Wyatt, Doc and Co. have made the ultimate Western mistake. They have Tried To Leave the Past Behind Them. Fools! Don't they know that only breeds mayhem?<br />Now, understand that Tombstone, Arizona in 1889 is like a college town the day before graduation where in addition to being drunk and violent, all the men are carrying guns and big ... buck knives. The Cowboys run the show and don't rightly appreciate Mr. Earp and his pals throwing their weight around. Before long, insults turn to fisticuffs, which turns to gunplay, which turns to Wyatt Earp using his boot spur to give cowardly Ike Clanton a no-frills facial massage, saying, \\"All right you cur! You've called down the thunder....you tell 'em I'm coming, and hell's coming with me!\\"<br />When Wyatt says stuff like that, you should take him at his word.<br />Stupidly, the Cowboys don't, and luckily for us, the OK Corral shootemup is just the beginning of the mayhem. Suffice to say by the time the final credits roll, Boot Hill is a growth industry.<br />This is a great, fun movie that is not meant to be taken seriously, as Kevin Costner's pompous, overdrawn \\"Wyatt Earp\\" apparently was. It's just entertainment, and the actors, most especially Val Kilmer, have a blast living out their childhood fantasies of playing Once Upon a Time in the West. You will too. Like Wyatt, \\"I'll take my oath on it.\\"<br />The fight's commenced, folks....now get to fightin' or get away!ogue than Wyatt, and gets to say it in a marvelous Tidewater-aristocratic drawl while strolling about town in his cape. The only thing deadlier than Doc's three-gun pistol rig is his own death-wish. Never mess with a man whose motto is: \\"Say when!\\"<br />Wyatt, Doc and Co. have made the ultimate Western mistake. They have Tried To Leave the Past Behind Them. Fools! Don't they know that only breeds mayhem?<br />Now, understand that Tombstone, Arizona in 1889 is like a college town the day before graduation where in addition to being drunk and violent, all the men are carrying guns and big ... buck knives. The Cowboys run the show and don't rightly appreciate Mr. Earp and his pals throwing their weight around. Before long, insults turn to fisticuffs, which turns to gunplay, which turns to Wyatt Earp using his boot spur to give cowardly Ike Clanton a no-frills facial massage, saying, \\"All right you cur! You've called down the thunder....you tell 'em I'm coming, and hell's coming with me!\\"<br />When Wyatt says stuff like that, you should take him at his word.<BR>Stupidly, the Cowboys don't, and luckily for us, the OK Corral shootemup is just the beginning of the mayhem. Suffice to say by the time the final credits roll, Boot Hill is a growth industry.<br />This is a great, fun movie that is not meant to be taken seriously, as Kevin Costner's pompous, overdrawn \\"Wyatt Earp\\" apparently was. It's just entertainment, and the actors, most especially Val Kilmer, have a blast living out their childhood fantasies of playing Once Upon a Time in the West. You will too. Like Wyatt, \\"I'll take my oath on it.\\"  <br />The fight's commenced, folks....now get to fightin' or get away!
B000099T2L|3.0|I was one of those patiently waiting fans of Beyonce's. I couldn't wait to get the CD and I got it the day it came out. I don't regret buying it and I recommend that all people who like Beyonce's style buy it. But it wasn't all like how I thought it to be. Many tracks that she wrote on the album did see like she put a lot of work and feeling into like &quot;Me Myself &amp; I&quot; &quot;Daddy&quot; and &quot;Dangerously In Love.&quot; But on other tracks, it seemed like she just through some lyrics together that contradicted herself or other topics she touched bases on. It was like she thought &quot;hey, Im Beyonce. It doesn't matter if the song is good or not.&quot; I really disliked her songs &quot;Signs&quot; and &quot;Speechless&quot; for the simple fact that she should have given both more depth and backed it up with better production. All in all, the good songs outweighed the bad and its okay. I think the best song on the CD is her song &quot;Daddy&quot; because I think she was more sincere about it than all the other songs and wanted to share her world of her dad with her fans. &quot;Crazy In Love&quot; and &quot;Naughty Girl&quot; are good songs but I was surprised when the lyrics sounded so much like a Destiny' Child's song. There's really nothing wrong with that though.
0780622553|2.0|It is clear that in its basic conception, Dark City had the rudiments of an engrossing Sci Fi movie. It becomes quickly evident on viewing that little of this potential made it to the screen. Good Science Fiction depends fundamentally on how completely believable it is. It must be meticulous in the way that its world of fiction is constructed, or the fissures will be blindingly obvious.<BR>   The real problem in Dark City is that it does not adequately acquaint us with the the alien race wreaking havoc on the humans. Their motivations for doing so and their overall character are sketched out hastily, evoking a weak sideshow reaction. Because they share a hive mind, they tap into and rearrange human memories, to learn what it's like to have individual minds. But instead of showing us the bleakness or horror of the hive mind which we are supposed to understand outright, we are given the ultimate human self-congratulation: The Soul of Man will always elude capture. It will always triumph over knife-wielding Nosferatus and their exploitive schemes. There are elements which could have come together gloriously: our hero creates a giant moat around the floating city at the end of the movie. It could have meant much more had we ever been given a memorable scene of the aliens' fear of water, and perhaps more of an exposition on it. <BR>   Then, there are elements which ought to have been strangled at birth, e.g. the Final Confrontation between Captain Alien and the protagonist, which is like a kind of boring ping-pong match, with extra iridescent goop and rusty spikes for effect.<BR>   The dialogue is mediocre and delivered unconvincingly. Particularly bad was Kiefer Sutherland's shallow-breath imitation of a German accent. He should have just talked normally; it would have been far more effective. And shall I explain the aliens' predilection for knives? It makes them easier to be killed. Yawn.<BR>   On the plus side, Dark City's set design and 3D animation of architecture were pretty amazing, and used to good effect, giving weight to most of the two-star rating.
1565847032|1.0|I cannot understand for the life of me why anyone would read such rubbish?   Chomsky warps the definitions of things to comfortably conform into his theories which lie far off the beaten path.  He is controversial, which sells!  I would be interested in reading his earlier books on linguistics (which is where he first made a name for himself) but I feel he has compromised his professional legitimacy with radical outbursts such as this pathetic book.<br />\\"Understanding Power\\" exemplifies a far left position that is very critical of any organized structure, popular trends, popular ideologies, or anything that is essentially not anarchy!  After reading it I shifted to a very moderate view of everything seeing the rediculousness and futility of extremes.<br />I would recomend this book to the paranoid, to anarchists, and to anyone who is utterly unsatisfied with their lives or the world around them.
B000007WQB|2.0|I have recently become very interested in these songs (songs from my youth.)  I had about 1/3 of this album on mp3 files and wanted the other songs available here.<br />Much to my disappointment, this album does not sound very good.  While completely listenable, it sounds muddy and veiled.  When comparing the same track back-to-back with my mp3 files, my older files always sounded clearer with better defined bass.  This was true even though the mp3 files had a lower bit rate!<br />I am crushed, because I had hoped to obtain a &quot;definitive&quot; recording of these great songs.  I guess I'll keep looking.<br />This album does not sound awful, and I will listen to it in my car where the differences may not be as noticeable.  If you're looking for a &quot;great&quot; recording of these songs, I advise that you keep looking.
B00005JKN9|3.0|Backed with a huge production, a historically based plot about one of the most ruthless and gritty times in American history and a handful of big name actors, Gangs of New York appears to be a film of epic proportions, but is really 167 minutes of over confidence in its pursuit of greatness. There is definitely good things to be said about this film. Visually, it's stunning. There was a vast array of great costume designs and the set designs were definitely appropriate for this film. Daniel Day-Lewis' performance was nothing short of astonishing in his part as a ruthless tyrant of the gangs in the Five Points. The battle scenes were nicely executed and were bloody and brutal. But I felt that this film was about 45 minutes too long. With its endless line of dialogue and its bloated storyline, the film definitley felt like it was trying to out due itself. I also felt the film failed to capture a real feeling of 19th-Century New York City in the viewer. But hey, it is hard to argue with 10 Oscar nominations.
B00008DDSC|4.0|Such a great love story; Maggie Gyllenhaul ( is that spelt right?) is great. It was wonderfully acted. This movie is definitly not for children to be viewing. If you thought a kid under 16 can see this you are wrong, it shows alot of frontal nudity. But this does not mean it is not excellent. I recomend you to buy this and keep it away from you sibling or child. Hope you enjoy it!
B000089A07|4.0|There are a few different ways you can look at Red Dragon. You can look at it as a prequel to Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal, or you can look at it as a remake of Manhunter. Either way though, the potential for disaster was huge going into making Red Dragon after the dreadful Hannibal was released in 2001, but all's well that ends well here. Anthony Hopkins returns as Hannibal Lecter, though he is in more of a supporting role here. Ed Norton stars as Will Graham, an FBI profiler brought back to use his unique talents to track down a brutal serial killer known as the Tooth Fairy (a tattooed and frequently naked Ralph Fiennes). Being a fan of Manhunter, I was leary when hearing that it would be re-made as Red Dragon (but not surprised considering all the money Hannibal banked), and was even more leary when I had heard that Brett Ratner was directing, but now I'm pretty much eating my words here because Red Dragon turned out to be much much better than I had expected. The only real flaw with Red Dragon are the scenes between Hopkins and Norton. In Silence of the Lambs, the interplay between Hopkins and Jodie Foster was what made that film as good as it was, but it doesn't work between Hopkins and Norton for one simple reason: Hannibal isn't scary anymore. In Silence of the Lambs, Lecter was a truly scary character that could make your skin crawl just by hearing him talk, but after Hannibal was released, he's just become a Hollywood circus side-show attraction that makes creepy sounding pronounciations. But besides all that, Red Dragon is an above average thriller that delivers the goods, and Ralph Fiennes' performance as the Tooth Fairy is reason enough to see the film.  This Director's Edition DVD contains an extra disc of features that is exclusive to this edition.  While a few of them are worth watching (Brett Ratner's student film is of interest), this overpriced edition isn't worth owning if you already have another edition of the film.
0312305060|1.0|Two words describe this book - pretentious drivel. Obviously this past Pulitzer winner got a book contract based on the award and not on the merit of this book. Save your time and money. If you like Virginia Woolf, buy a book by her, but not this sopping mess.
0156027321|5.0|I picked up this novel several times, before deciding to dive in- I'd open up to a random page and think _I don't want to read about some guy stuck a sea with a tiger!_ I am so glad I got over my own bias!  The story is brilliantly written - evocative, beautiful prose.  The details make it.  I felt I wanted to learn more about zoo keeping and animal habitat and behavior.  It makes you revisit the beauty of animals...  absolutely fascinating, beautifully crafted and an absolutely perfect ending.  a must read.
B00008X5J3|4.0|It took over 20 years to bring \\"Chicago\\" to the screen, but it was worth the wait. They actually made the story clearer and easier to believe that characters could move into and out of musical scenes.  Bravo.<br />This movie is infinitely better than \\"Moulin Rouge\\".  In \\"Moulin Rouge\\", after 15 minutes I was bored with the constant camera movement(Luhrmann clearly must have wanted to attract the MTV crowd), and eventually found the whole movie irritating.<br />My only complaint about \\"Chicago\\" was Richard Gere.  I thought that while he was equally charming and smarmy, he just wasn't a strong enough presence to keep up with Zeta-Jones or Zellweger.<br />Too bad it took so long to bring to the screen. It would have been even better with the original Thelma and Roxie, Chita Rivera (who has a cameo in this one) and Gwen Verdon.
B000003TA4|5.0|There really isn't much to be said about Nirvana's breakthrough album &quot;Nevermind&quot; that hasn't already been said hundreds of times before.  Twelve years ago when this album came out, it sent a shockwave across the musical landscape and helped set forward the grunge movement.  The massive success of the single &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; catapaulted Nirvana to a never before imagined status; and ultimately helped set the stage of lead singer/songwriter Kurt Cobain's untimely demise.  All the hype that still surrounds this album aside, &quot;Nevermind&quot; is one heck of a rock record.  &quot;In Bloom&quot; and &quot;Come As You Are&quot; became instant rock radio classics, while other tracks like &quot;Lithium&quot;, &quot;Polly&quot;, &quot;Lounge Act&quot;, and &quot;Something in the Way&quot; are nothing short of amazing pure unadulterated hard rock.  All in all, if you have never heard all of &quot;Nevermind&quot; before and missed out on the impact that this album and band had, now has never been a better time to dig in.
B000001ELL|3.0|Some people think that Kiss should have stayed away from the disco influence and judging from thoroughly mediocre outing of \\"Kiss Unmasked\\" I would tend to agree. But at least here they were still writing half-way decent songs and playing them with some conviction. If you need an example of a successful marriage between hard rock and disco, \\"I Was Made For Loving You\\" fits the bill quite nicely. And I totally agree that \\"2000 Man\\" is an awesome cover. There are other examples of their songwriting craft that other reviewers allude to without being redundant.<BR>Not an essential album by any means but not an awful release, either. THAT would change shortly after....<br />Keep the peace.
B000089RVX|1.0|They're only big because they have a girl singer and it's a rock band. Wow. How originl. Like Kittie, Otep &amp; Arch Enemy didn't already do that? Yeah, I liked the song &quot;Bring Me To Life&quot; before it was released as a single (I head it on the &quot;Dardevil&quot; soundtrack), but the media has just played it dead. The new song, &quot;Going Under&quot;? Please. It just sounds like Christina Aguilera with guitars.
B00005UQ9F|5.0|\\"Session 9\\" is one of the most terrifying, disturbing, and haunting haunted house movies ever made. If you're looking for a horror film that truly gets down under your skin and really disturbs, this is the movie that's going to deliver the goods. Watch the first 10 minutes of the movie, and you're already glancing around at noises in the darkness, wondering if maybe, just maybe, you might want to turn a light on.<br />Just to see your popcorn, of course. Yes, I'm telling you---'Session 9' is that good.<br />Of course, the movie will always be close to my heart, for two reasons:<br />1) I was invited to attend a screening of the rough cut of the film; not knowing that the movie had been filmed at the Danvers State Hospital, I demurred. In one sense, I'm glad I did: seeing the finished product, shot beautifully in digital video, with no spoilers and no idea what I should expect, was far better.<br />2) The movie, as I mentioned, is filmed in and around the now de-commissioned Danvers State Hospital, about 20 miles north of Boston. Danvers, as locals referred to it, was the infamous state insane asylum, and is a wonderfully creepy, amazingly powerful location to shoot a horror film.<br />Back in 2001 I planned a day trip from New York up to Danvers, originally intending to spend the night in Danvers town and spend a few days exploring the asylum. I was fascinated by its dark history, and more importantly by the crenellated battlements and dragonlike exterior of what had been a model \\"McBride\\" institution, built originally as the state-of-the-art in 19th century psychotheraphy. Its vast, Victorian rooms were proportioned with plenty of space and designed to let in light, and the central refectory, where inmates dined communally, had a loft where a chamber orchestra played music. Music, of course, to soothe the savage soul.<br />Overcrowding in the early 20th century perverted Danver's original mission, and by the 1960's the place was a snakepit, with non-violent inmates thrown together with the worst of the criminally insane; it was closed for good in 1991 and stands empty on its high, lonely hill today.<br />It is now, to my mind, as it is to director Brad Anderson and screenwriter Stephen Gevedon, a place of darkness; if you accept that there are haunted places on Earth, then Danvers is assuredly the king of them. When I first arrived in front of the asylum---and I am a hardheaded realist, with no patience for superstition---I felt watched, leered at by countless eyes who wished me gone, wished my destruction. Anderson and Gevedon have captured that oppression perfectly in \\"Session 9\\", a little too perfectly.<br />With that in mind, \\"Session 9\\" is about a haunted, tortured place that begins to infect the minds and bodies of a hazardous materials team sent to clean out the building's massive asbestos contamination. The team, headed up by the anxious but domineering Gordon Fleming (played taciturnly and perfectly by Peter Mullan), narrowly won the bid to clean the facility, a bid critical to the company, and Fleming's, future.<br />But there's a slight complication: to get the bid, Gordon promised to do the job in two weeks, a feat that may prove impossible, with dire consequences for Gordon's company. Adding to problem is the team itself, who have their own secrets and problems. Under the pressure of the looming deadline, and in the shadow of Danver's turrets and the darkness of its halls, the men begin to fall under the spooky, unnerving influence of the old asylum, particularly when one of them discovers a set of psychiatric interview tapes of a long-dead female patient, carefully stored away and labelled \\"Sessions 1-9\\".<br />To say more would be unfair to the viewer: \\"Session 9\\" is a perfect little gem of a horror movie with its own deep black secrets. The acting is all excellent, particularly Mullan's portrayal of a man on the edge, and David Caruso is outstanding as the team foreman, his nervous face twitching with carefullyconstrained emotion.<br />But by far the best actor in \\"Session 9\\" is the gloomy old Danvers insane asylum, which acts as a character in its own right. It would be hard to think of a set, however cleverly crafted, that would have worked as well as the ruined asylum, whose degenerate Victorian beauty figures prominently in every scene; particularly good is the way the still stoic, sturdy red-brick Moorish exterior contrasts with the rotting, molting, peeling guts of the asylum, and cinematographer Uta Brieswitz pushes the digital video envelope in capturing the stinking center of this heart of darkness.<br />\\"Session 9\\" is not an obvious movie; it is like getting a kiss on the nape of the neck in a graveyard. It is a movie of subtle but overwhelming terror, a terror that mounts throughout the film, but one that hides; this is not a film about slashers or zombies or vampires or monsters, but the horror that lurks in forgotten, forsaken places. It is about a hungry house, a forgotten temple of sacrificed souls that still wants to eat.carefully constrained emotion. <br />But by far the best actor in \\"Session 9\\" is the gloomy old Danvers insane asylum, which acts as a character in its own right. It would be hard to think of a set, however cleverly crafted, that would have worked as well as the ruined asylum, whose degenerate Victorian beauty figures prominently in every scene; particularly good is the way the still stoic, sturdy red-brick Moorish exterior contrasts with the rotting, molting, peeling guts of the asylum, and cinematographer Uta Brieswitz pushes the digital video envelope in capturing the stinking center of this heart of darkness. <br />\\"Session 9\\" is not an obvious movie; it is like getting a kiss on the nape of the neck in a graveyard. It is a movie of subtle but overwhelming terror, a terror that mounts throughout the film, but one that hides; this is not a film about slashers or zombies or vampires or monsters, but the horror that lurks in forgotten, forsaken places. It is about a hungry house, a forgotten temple of sacrificed souls that still wants to eat.
6305364648|5.0|After they crafted a masterpiece with Terminator 2; writer/director James Cameron and action superstar Arnold Schwarzenegger re-teamed for this over the top comic action romp that ranks up there with Arnie's great action flicks.  Good 'ol Ah-nold plays a covert intelligence agent whose secret life as a spy is revealed to his wife of 15 years (Jamie Lee Curtis who goes from homely house wife to hot damsel in almost a split second) while he gets mixed up in a terrorist plot to smuggle nuclear weapons.  Ethnic stereotypes are abound, and the term suspension of disbelief comes into play quite a bit, but one can't help but love True Lies as a bonafide comic action classic.  Tom Arnold is surprisingly great as Arnie's long time partner, and the film also stars Cameron regular Bill Paxton (great as a deceitful used car salesman), Tia Carrere, and a young Eliza Dushku as Arnie's daughter.
B00008H2LB|2.0|This band plays with dropped tuned guitars, and plays music that a person playing the guitar for a couple of months could play.  And the vocals could be hit by any guy that has matured. I know i am a guitar teacher and have been playing guitar for a about 10 years.  The drummer's got a bit a talent, but my 7 year old brother could play better than him.  The vocals suck, in true \\"nu metal\\" fashion, but it is really hard to listen to compared to Korn or Papa Roach.  Any person with a sane mind and half a sense for music could write this album in half the amount of time as they did.  I was a believer in rock and roll, but this isn't rock and roll, its poo. For Goodness' Sake, you can't even grind or mosh to this music, and the beats are to fast to jump along with.  It's to heavy for chillin music, and too easy for local bands to do covers, i taught 3 people to play songs from their first album. Thats my rant on why you shouldn't buy this album  The only reason i gave it two stars is because of the song Faint, which is a good song, the only one ill listen to.  If you want to hear good rock, with guys with a bit a talent, check out CKY, who did the guitar around your head thing way before Linkin Park did.
B0000028M7|5.0|Alice in Chains outdid themselves with this excellent metal/grunge masterpiece. EVERY song is excellent, this is the absolute case where its true that it is all killer and no filler. Staley and Cantrell are in top notch on this gem and it truly shows. I believe that this album is better than Nevermind(a great triumph also), but dont take my word for it check this out yourself. The reoccuring themes of depression, death and drugs occur all throughout this cathartic masterpiece. If you dont own this already and you call yourself a fan of rock than you have no idea. Anyways Highly Reccomeneded!!
B00005NZBN|5.0|I give this album 13 stars.<BR>I thought for awhile that this was Dylan's best album since Blonde on Blonde. Then for awhile I thought NO, it's his best album since Highway 61. <BR>Then, like Wittgenstein, I changed my mind again, undergoing a paradigm shift, and realized that it is actually his best album since Freewheelin'...<BR>As far as the Theft charges; Malcolm Lowry once said - \\"If you steal from one person, it's plagiarism; if you steal from everybody, you're a genius.\\" Case closed, the Judge done hammered down his hammer, and we can all leave the courthouse and amble on down into the sunny square outside, where Bob is playing, his guitar case lying open on the bench. The sound of bees fills the air in the background.<BR>Bob has mined the hills of folklore again, and shown us once again what varied and colorful Mother Lodes there are to be found in the Folk. If you haven't joined his jingle jangle travelling band by now, this album will initiate you.
B00006AFUR|3.0|30STM is a band with a sound that is sort of experimental and is kind of like listening to a painting being put on a canvas. Good stuff, but don't expect anything to jump out at you and shout &quot;hit song of the year&quot;.
B00005AQE8|5.0|I live in a prepy area. Blue eye, blonde hair girl/boys make up the majority of where I live. And yet, this CD - still this very day, hear blasted out of people windows, along with 50 and Eminem.<br />Of course 50 could never be Pac level, and Eminem is just...different, shouldn't really be compared to Pac.<br />But this is one of those albums that will never get old. 10 years from now, 2013, people will still love this album, and give it mad probs. Little kids today, and in the future, will somehow get ahold of this album and just realise how hip-hop/rap was so much better during this time period (mid 90's) <BR>It's a shame he had to go, it really is. No more of these cheap rappers making money of him would be here polluting the radio with there non-sence if he was still alive.<br />2pac had the tightest flow - the wittest and yet touchable way of using lyrics - and his beats weren't always overproduced - They were straight ridin' beats. His voice sounded good over any beat - Whether it was a bluesy beat (Life Goes On; I Aint Mad Cha) or a hard beat (2 of Amerkiaz Most Wanted; Cant C Me) or just a straight top - down, window down, blastin' your ear drum beat (California Love; Holla at me; All about U)<br />Anyways, this type of rap is sincerely missed in the hip-hop culture, and I feeling this type of quality material will never be reproduced or repeated.<br />2pac was one of kind.<br />Sad but true.
B00005A46T|5.0|..even if some of the, \\"real metal\\", backwards-thinking folk don't seem to get it. Chances are they've never listened to it since most of the negativity is based on terrible heresay and says nothing about the actual music. Man, I've never seen so many warped opinions based on stereotypes and biases in my life. Slipknot have done something that has never been done before. A so-called nu-metal band has made a great METAL record. The naysayers can go on and on about it being \\"poser metal\\" if they want to. They're totally and completely wrong. Iowa is the heaviest album released on a major label since Pantera's Great Southern Trendkill (if you don't count Slayer, of course). It beats the hell out of the self-titled, that's for sure.<br />The opening track of the record is a waste of time, I'll admit, but when that blast-beat opens up \\"People=S**t\\" with Corey Taylor's screams over the top of it, I knew I was in for a real treat. By the time the chorus kicked in, I was ready to break stuff. The riffs and the drumming by Joey Jordison are both excellent on this song. Next up is \\"Disasterpiece\\" and this one freakin' smokes. I tell you what, if you're in the middle of traffic and getting cut off at every turn then this is the song to play. The first and second choruses are blast-beats for God's sake. And if Jordison's double bass attack under those heavy riffs at the end doesn't get your pulse going then you're probably dead. \\"My Plague\\" is decent except for the chorus which just doesn't really fit the rest of the song. The riff at the end is awesome, though. \\"The Heretic Anthem\\" is also cool. The chorus was ludicrous to me at first but then became catchy after awhile. \\"Left Behind\\" is definitely their attempt at radio airplay, but I still liked the song quite a bit so that's not exactly a bad thing. Other standouts include \\"Everything Ends\\", \\"I Am Hated\\" and \\"New Abortion\\". All are pretty heavy tunes. The band also has quieter moments. \\"Gently\\", which was re-recorded from their first record (Mate. Feed. Kill. Repeat.), is rather psychedelic at first and then breaks down into chaos at the end. Cool song. The closer, \\"Iowa\\", is also a retread of \\"Killers Are Quiet\\" from their first record, which I mentioned before. It's also kind of trippy, but it goes on for way too long without going anywhere. A couple of things distracted me at certain points. The lyrics are a bit juvenile sometimes. Nothing too distracting other than the \\"If you're 555, I'm 666\\" thing on \\"The Heretic Anthem\\", but like I said, it becomes catchy after repeated listenings. It's all about Corey's delivery (which is awesome) anyway so I doubt that anyone's really going to care much about it.<br />Overall the record is raw aggression and hatred, heavy as hell, but spun around for the masses to consume. Slipknot has been tagged with the nu-metal label, but on Iowa they've transformed into something else. I'd call it nu-thrash. This ain't your big brother's metal band and, honestly, thank God for that. Being different is good and while they still have the nu-metal trimmings, they've completely defined themselves and made Iowa a completely unique experience for anyone with an open mind that's willing to listen. It's terrific stuff and if this sold as well as it did then it gives me hope that some of my favorite underground acts will eventually become more well-known. Anything that gets heavy music out there is good, if you ask me. If you've always feared checking out this band because of some of the negative reviews here, I urge you to ignore that stuff because there is usually nothing to back up those opinions. If you're an open-minded heavy music fan, check it out. If you're a closed-minded, stuck-in-the-past, \\"metalhead\\" who thinks everything should sound like Iron Maiden, Slayer, or Black Sabbath then don't bother.<br />Also, if you're into Iowa then check out Skinless, Shadows Fall, Lamb of God, Mudvayne, The Haunted, and Chimaira .
B00008VGK0|5.0|It doesn't have a big sound.  So what!  It has everything a song needs to get the dance floor hopping.  Yet, Madonna keeps it unique.  At the same time, she expresses herself splendidly.  One can feel her anger when she sings out her rebellion about things that seem to matter but don't.  She's mastered the art of rap.  I hope to see more of that in her future albums.  The remixes are also great!
B000005RYQ|5.0|What can i say??? it is a compilation of greatest singles of Sting's band (or the band with sting).From full of punk rawness \\"Roxanne\\" and \\"I can't stand loosing you\\" to more pop styled \\"Every breath you take\\" and other hits. It is not also great for the people who want to have only one Police album. It is a fun to listen it as a whole album - a retrospect of great Reagge-punk-pop band who was propably the best on they own style map.
0393312836|5.0|Clockwork Orange is an unusual, but great book. Some of the language is hard to understand because the characters use slang from England in the 60's. Alex, the main character who narrates the book, is very interesting. He is the leader of a gang of his friends called the Droogs. Alex and the Droogs go on their missions nightly to drink milk laced with drugs, beat people up, steal from people and rape women. Parts of the book are somewhat disturbing, especially when he beats up an old man, but it keeps the reader riveted to the book. Once some one starts the book and figures out all the crimes Alex has committed you almost have to keep reading to see what he does next. This book has a lot of twists and turns and is very unpredictable. Clockwork Orange is a book that is great if you aren't scared to read it.
B000002J1L|5.0|genesis on this album became much more profesional band. While on \\"trespass\\" they were still sounding like a debuting band, here they are already a real group, with own style.<BR>Anthony Philips (guitar) was replaced by fenomenal musician Steve Hackett and pervious Drummer John Silver was replaced by propably the most famous Genesis member Phil Collins (Drums,Vocals).<BR>The compositions are much more Solid.Many of songs in here became All time classics of art-rock.<BR>\\"Nursery Cryme\\" contains a couple of shorter tracks and epic more longer ones.<BR>catchy \\"Harold the barrel\\", \\"Harlequin\\", \\"for absent friends\\" (sung by Phil) and \\"Seven stones\\" are charming and relaxing pop syled tunes. I like especialy \\"seven stones\\" - it is pathetic and more melancholic.<BR>the longer songs are all classic - \\"The Musical box\\" is one of the most breathtaking and interesting tracks from the early genesis years. It could be compared to \\"Looking for someone\\" from previous album but it is much more complicated and has a lot of interesting vocal parts - je really shines here.<BR>\\"The return of the giant hogweed\\" is apocaliptic vision of the world dominated by a furious plant (not robert plant...) who eats peolple.It is really rocking and full of angry guitars.The finale is almost Death-metal styled - i am sure that MEtallica must heard it befor composing \\"Master of puppets\\" album. \\"Fountain of salmacis\\" is a really beautifull melody. Propably as maginifcent as \\"Musical box\\". Sfter few minutes it becames a complicated Progressive rock styled song with a lot of Guitar solos and Organ sounds. Another reason why you should know this album.<BR>\\"Nursery Cryme\\" is one of the best albums by genesis.Really it is a piece of great heartfull and beautifull music.A must have for Rock fans!!!
0316666343|2.0|I suppose I entered into reading this book with high expectations.  After all, it was all over the TV and media as a wonderful and unique novel.  At first, during the description of the murder and its immediate after effects, I was very intrigued.  But towards the middle of the book, I began to feel let down.  This is it???  The end of the book had a very unrealistic flare that made it seem &quot;written to be made into a movie.&quot;  Too bad.  It had potential.  Also, if you pick it up thinking it will give an entirely new and wonderful idea of what heaven is....then, you may be disappointed.  Nothing really enlightening to me.
B000001EC1|5.0|this cd is one of bon jovi's many greatest... all the songs on this are just brilliant.... there are no songs that i can say are bad...but then again none of bon's songs are...this is a cd that you can constantly listen to without ever getting bored of it! if you put this at high volume you can go mad to it!!! if you are thinking of buying it stop thinking about it and put it in the shopping basket as you will definately regret it if you dont.....
0316666343|5.0|The Lovely Bones was a book I had to read as a classroom assignment. As I began to read the book I got drawn in by the descriptive language that was used. I think this was the best 328 pgs. that Ive ever read.
0451167716|5.0|I had somehow managed not to ever see the Godfather movies. I guess I thought they just weren't my thing.  I was glad that I had not seen them when I picked up this book on a whim in the bookstore one day, as I don't like to read books after I've already seen the movie.<br />This book was simply excellent.  The characters were all very well written, I felt like I really knew who they were, and the plot is great, it has everything, love, sex, violence, crime, action...  There is nothing missing.<br />After reading the books, I did finally watch the movies and discovered that they were as good as everyone says they are as well.<br />I was a little surprised to find that a lot of reviewers didn't like this book as much as the movies, I can't really understand why.  I would recommend reading this book regardless of whether you have seen the movie or not.
0316666343|3.0|I really liked this book.  I had a hard time putting the book down at first but then the story took a weird turn and I felt like it ruined it.  The soul swapping and love making part made the story lose its affect for me.
B00008NRLX|5.0|Wow! What an album.  Mamas and the Papas meets the Moody Blues.  Good stuff.
B000002H72|5.0|The first time I heard the Pixies was while I was watching a movie called Haiku Tunnel. As the opening credits rolled down the screen, Debaser came on, and I've been hooked ever since. This album is superior to basically everything in its class. These songs are just genuine rock songs, and they really rock. Debaser is still exciting to hear after listening to it 10,000 times. And the whole album is like that. Wave of Mutilation, Here Comes Your Man, Mr. Grieves, La La Love You, Crackity Jones, they're all awesome. This disc is really as an album for the ages. Pick it up.
B00008V2VM|5.0|It's definetly and infintely excellent movie and must play now a days in theater because it get me interetsed in this movie that I can't reveal my words for it. It's just amazing and best movie forever, that's all I can say!
0804106304|4.0|I just finished reading The Joy Luck Club and I would highly recommend this book to all mothers and daughters.  I am a first generation immigrant from India and there are many similarities in Indian and Chinese cultures. This book travels between America and China and explores intimately mothers and daughters of these two lands. It makes you smile, laugh and also cry. Amy Tan's intimate language flows easily and keeps you interested throughout. I have a daughter and this book intimately touched me in many ways as it explores the first generation immigrant mothers and their daughters. When I finished this book, I was ready to visit my local library and pick up her book &quot;The Bonsetter's Daughter&quot;. Thank you Amy Tan for many hours of pleasure reading your book.
B000084T18|3.0|50 Cent brings out his first real album, but this album off of Shady/Aftermath/Interscope Records. I got this album the day it came out and I listened to it alot, but then it started to get annoying, I dont know about u but im tired of 50 telling us he's been shot 9 times, he gets way too repetitive with that. Besides That, this album is aiight! My favorite tracks are Patiently Waiting, Heat, Like My Style, 21 Questions, Don't Push Me, Gotta Make It To Heaven and U not like Me. His Diss to Ja Rule, Back Down is not all that good, he doesnt say anything spectacular and u sometimes cant help but notice that he is being outmatched by some features, both times by Eminem and G-Unit Member Lloyd Banks who I Think is the Best Rapper in G-Unit. Still, This is a fun album and alot of people will enjoy if they still havent gotten it.
0060925000|4.0|After reading &quot;A Suitable Boy&quot; which is well over 1500 pages, I felt I could read more and Vikram should have kept going. The rich prose style makes it easy and simple for all readers. All the characters in this novel are finely etched and none overshadows the other.  A sweeping panorama glimpsing the lives of four families in post Independence India was absorbing and fun to read. I read for many hours at a stretch and it will keep any reader totally engrossed in the lives of all the characters.<BR>Vikram's style is crisp and richly woven. Don't read this book in a hurry. You will enjoy it more if you read it leisurely.
0316666343|5.0|Alice Sebold carries the story forward - seeing the aftermath of death on the mourners, as told by the deceased. A combination of reality and spirituality, I could see people I know and I could see myself. This different view of mourners follows their actions while exposing the thoughts behind them, and they could be any of us. a fantastic book.
B000002J2F|5.0|I'm not going to get into the whole thing about whether this is a beginning or an end for Genesis, or how &quot;commercial&quot; they were starting to become and &quot;bring back the old days with Gabriel&quot; blah blah blah.  Quite simply, this is a great album.  No, they are no longer singing about Moonlit Knights or Musical Boxes.  Instead they're trying to convey the feelings of loss, divorce, and.. adrenaline!  I can listen to this album from beginning to end and not get tired of it.  The songs are melodic and the lyrics are very insightful.  &quot;Behind The Lines&quot; is an awesome track that will get your blood flowing.. as will &quot;Man Of Our Times,&quot; &quot;Turn It On Again&quot; and &quot;Duke's End.&quot;  &quot;Alone Tonight&quot; is a beautiful song, but by far the most hearfelt song on the album is &quot;Please Don't Ask.&quot;  I challenge anyone to really take the time and listen to this song and not have it strike a sensitive chord deep in your heart.  I can't say anything bad about this cd.  Get it.
B000002UJQ|5.0|this album simply put is one of the greatest albums of all times...how u ppl can give it less than five stars is beyond me...it shows the lack of ungerstanding of this musical masterpiece...this is an album is to be listened with concentration and &quot;absorbed&quot;...there is a deep concept in this album but it will not be understood by people who want &quot;quick fix&quot; music...this is the first radiohead album that i purchased, now i have them all (incl. hail to the thief) but none of them have had the impact that this album has had on me ( not to say that the are bad, every radiohead album except pablo honey is nothing less than a masterpiece)...this album is the &quot;In the court of the crimson king&quot; and &quot;Dark side of the moon&quot; of our generation...it is that good...i'm just glad that i was there to witness this spectacle first hand...this music is light years ahead of its time...a must have for any music fan regardless of their tastes
B000002KKS|5.0|Rarely do you see an album that is so solid through and through.  Most people point to 'Paranoid' as Sabbath's all-time classic, and with good reason, but in my opinion it is only the original Sabbath line-up's finest effort.  'Heaven and Hell' takes the crown for greatest Sabbath album and greatest heavey metal album ever. To me, the line-up of Iommi-Dio-Ward-Butler is the true Black Sabbath: they were meant to play together.  I'm not even going to discuss specific songs since all of them are top-notch, not a single throw-away or filler.  Dio's vocals and songwriting are at their best, Iommi's guitar just lets loose on this album (check out 'Lonely Is The Word,' the two guitar solos just put anything today's &quot;guitarists&quot; can put out to absolute shame, but then again even Iommi at his worst can do that), and while Butler and Ward aren't as brutal and up front as they are in their brightest rythem moment('Paranoid'), they still lay the beat down competantly and easily justify their position as one of the greatest rythem sections ever.  I love this album and it is one of the three that never leaves my side wherever I go.  I think that says it all right there.
1400031354|5.0|Alexander McCall Smith has written over 50 books, from specialized works as The Criminal Law of Botswana, Forensic<BR>Aspects of Sleep to Children's books. He currently is a Professor of Medical Law at Edinburgh University.<br />Tears of the Giraffe takes us further into the life of the interesting and confident Precious Ramotswe, the owner and detective of Botswana's only Ladies' detective agency. Among her cases in Tears of The Giraffe are wandering wives, the devious and dangerous maid of Mma Ramotswe's fiance and a challenge to resolve a mother's pain for her missing son, who is long lost on  the African plains. Mma Ramotswe's own impending marriage to the best mechanic and gentleman, Mr. J. L. B. Matekoni, the promotion of her  secretary to the dizzy heights of Assistant Detective and new additions to the Matekoni family, all come together again to produce  the  second humorous and charmingly entertaining of tales in Smith's series. <BR>A enchanting view of life as it is in today's Africa. This mystery is enhanced by the belief and charm of the lifestyle of  the <BR>characters and the plot. A totally fun read for the many fans who wish to escape to a simpler lifestyle, whether you've traveled to Africa or not!<br />I thoroughly enjoyed this book for it's unique and likable characters and exotic setting. The uniqueness of the mysteries<BR>reflect a simpler lifestyle than many of us live and especially expect in a &quot;mystery&quot;. TOTAL ENJOYMENT!<BR>John Row
B000005RQT|5.0|'In Rock' is Deep Purple's best studio album (their best album being Made In Japan, which also happens to be the greatest album of all time, period) and this import adds enough material to warrent shelling out a few extra bucks, but not this much.  The original album is here, with the classic 'Speed King' starting it off and sounding as great as ever, to 'Child In Time' featuring Gillian's soaring vocals and Blackmore's best guitar solo, and ending with 'Hard Lovin' Man' and my favorite Lord solo.  Throughout the album all five members give their best and heaviest studio performaces, creating in my opinion the first true heavey metal album along with Sabbath's 'Paranoid.' The extras on this CD are really only for true Deep Purple fans, but the unedited version of 'Black Night' with the extended Blackmore solo alone makes this worth buying even if you already have the regular version of 'In Rock' (but only if you find this at a bargain or used). 'Cry Free,' the piano version of 'Speed King,' 'Jam Stew,' and the two 'Black Nights' (and the all too short studio chats) are what are added to this: the 'Speed King' and 'Flight of the Rat' remixes don't sound too different from the originals.  The CD itself is produced nicely, with a great booklet detailing the making of the album and it really helps you experience the album on a new level.  Awesome album, awesome band, but not an awesome price...
1400034779|5.0|Alexander McCall Smith has written over 50 books, from such specialized works as The Criminal Law of Botswana, Forensic Aspects of Sleep to Children's books. He currently is a Professor of Medical Law at Edinburgh University.<BR> <BR>The No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency<BR>This first novel in Alexander McCall Smith's widely acclaimed The No. 1 Ladies Detective Agency series introduces us to  the  delightfully intuitive and enormously likable Precious (Mma) Ramotswe, who sets up the first, and so far, only Detective  Agency in Botswana! She is drawn to her profession to \\"help people with problems in their lives.\\" Immediately upon setting up shop in a small storefront in Gaborone, she is hired to track down a missing husband, uncover a con man, and follow a wayward daughter. But the case that tugs at her heart, and lands her in danger, is a missing eleven-year-old boy, who may have been snatched by witch doctors. <BR>If you are used to morgues-full of bodies generated from unknown and suspicious methods you're out of luck! Mma Ramotswe is layed back. Learning everything she knows as she goes along. This book is best described as \\"peaceful\\". It makes you yearn for a more simple life, a roof over your head, enough to eat, and a little white van that runs.<BR>The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency  received two Booker Judges' Special Recommendations and was voted one of<BR>the International Books of the Year and the Millennium by the Times Literary Supplement.<br />I thoroughly enjoyed this book for it's unique and likable characters and exotic setting. The uniqueness of the mysteries reflect a simpler lifestle than many of us live and especially expect in a \\"mystery\\". TOTAL ENJOYMENT!<BR>John Row
B00006LFGD|3.0|I could not wait to buy this album.  Particularly for the Josh Groban and Babs duet... however, while many classics are here, there is not enough new to warrant the purchase.  I am a huge Barbra fan and I have most of her work in my collection already.  Hence, the majority of these songs can be found on earlier albums.  The new ones for me included one with Barry Manilow which I did not care for and one with Josh Groban that I really hoped to like.  I was not thrown with that one either.  Neither song has a catchy tune and the vocal highlights are not as impressive as I'd hoped.  I would recommend this to people who don't already have a lot of Barbra in their music collection.  Else... I would skip it.
B00005Q4GV|5.0|~Patton~ played at our local movie theatre for more than six months. It was an immensely popular film upon its release, (1970) and continues to be one of the best biographical films of all time. There wasn't much to do in our small town on the weekends, so we just went to the movies. I must have seen this film over ten times during its long run, and I never grew tired of it. Years later, watching it again on video, reminded me how adept Franklin Schaffner was at making the Epic, which seemed to be the fashionable genre during the 60's and 70's. The list of his achievements includes, \\"The Boy's from Brazil\\", \\"Papillon\\" and \\"Nicholas and Alexandra\\". All great pictures, all great stories, which have that particular Schaffner style: epic-like, professional, and memorable with a lot of class.<br />It is common knowledge that George C. Scott won the Oscar that year for best actor and declined the accolade for political and artistic reasons. This proved to be a significant turning point in his career; in fact his career seemed to go down hill after that, and he never fully recovered. This was unfortunate because Scott's performance in Patton is a work of pure genius, and he deserved to go on to do more high profile parts. For a lot of us, when we think of the historical character, General George Patton, we think of the actor, George C. Scott. The film and Scott's performance have become our historical reference point for the time and the man. When I think of the Seventh and Third armies during WW2, I visualize the actor in the Schaffner film standing in his jeep barking orders and inspiring his men to carry on against impossible odds. And that's the beauty of this film; it is accurate both historically and biographically. Of course, artistic license is taken occasionally, but for the most part, according to most WW2 historians, the film is true to the mark.<br />This is not so much a war film but a story about a leader whom despite insurmountable obstacles, inspired men to great heights, achieving the near unattainable. Patton was an educated man from a distinguished military family, who viewed the world from an historical perspective - `old blood and guts' believed he was part of world history, an immortal soul that fought against the Romans, and later, was part of Napoleon's army that forged into Moscow in the early 19th century. Patton was a believer in reincarnation- the theory that knowledge can be `remembered', because the soul or mind has passed through a previous series of bodied and disembodied states. Whether this notion is true or not, Patton believed he had the accumulative knowledge from past lives and used this knowledge during his command in WW2. At the end of the film, one of the German characters comments that Patton was an anachronism, the romantic warrior of times passed, whom without a war to fight, would perish. This was certainly true. George Patton knew his purpose and destiny, and that was to lead men into battle.<br />Everything about this film is first rate.to great heights, achieving the near unattainable. Patton was an educated man from a distinguished military family, who viewed the world from an historical perspective - `old blood and guts' believed he was part of world history, an immortal soul that fought against the Romans, and later, was part of Napoleon's army that forged into Moscow in the early 19th century. Patton was a believer in reincarnation- the theory that knowledge can be `remembered', because the soul or mind has passed through a previous series of bodied and disembodied states. Whether this notion is true or not, Patton believed he had the accumulative knowledge from past lives and used this knowledge during his command in WW2. At the end of the film, one of the German characters comments that Patton was an anachronism, the romantic warrior of times passed, whom without a war to fight, would perish. This was certainly true. George Patton knew his purpose and destiny, and that was to lead men into battle. <br />Everything about this film is first rate.
B00009TB5G|4.0|First thought - the boxed set is NOT OUT.  I wish people would STOP talking about the general movie plot in these reviews - this should be where the discussion about the specific things related to the special edition are discussed.  The story can be discussed in the BOOK REVIEWS.  The general movie can be discussed in the basic dvd section.  Anyway...<br />The movie does not follow the original story.  Many reviews say 'so what' or 'it cannot be fit into a 3 hr movie'.  I disagree.  The problems I have with the film is NOT that it doesn't portray everything the way it happened in the book.  THe problem is they added some rather lengthy scenes that had no business or need in there such as Aragorns Death - the elves at Helms Deep - the useless scenes just to give Liv Tyler screen time (PUHLEEZ).  Jackson, in the short shows that where shown leading up to the first film release (Fellowship) made it clear it was critical to remain true to the story; he said this over and over again.  And then we get THIS?  Shorten that falling into the swamp scene, get rid of that nonsence with Liv Tyler, get rid of the Elves, and maybe get Shelob INTO THE FILM.  I have no problme with how the 'cloak pin was removed' - hand or mouth is irrellivant, but major story changes like Elves at Helms Deep?  Utter Nonsense.
B00008PX8P|5.0|What can be said that hasn't already been said? I have listened to all Zeppelin albums over and over backwards and forwards and they always leave me wanting more. This is MORE!!!<br />If you want to why Zeppelin has never reunited, watch this DVD and witness the interaction between these four people. John \\"Bonzo\\" Bonham was more than just another drummer. Bonzo was and is still the greatest rock drummer that ever picked up a pair of sticks. People today think that a drummer is just another replaceable timekeeper. Bonzo was an individual that fit in with three other individuals to make Rock magic. If you ever saw any of the \\"reunion\\" performances of the surviving members, you now know why they always seemed to fall a little flat. Bonzo wasn't there behind the drums laying it down.<br />This DVD should be required viewing for any young, up and coming musicians(especially drummers). If this doesn't inspire a musician to pick up his instrument and rock out, then you don't get it and you probably never will.<br />From the young, hungry days at the Royal Albert Hall to the Knebworth festival of 1979, these were 4 amazing musicians that made amazing music that will continue to inspire new generations for years to come! Anyone who considers themself a musician and don't know Zeppelin, should pick this up, watch it and woodshed on their instrument. This is what a hard driving rock band sounds like.
B000068IEU|5.0|This is without adoubt one of the scariest movie's of<BR>all time. Wes Craven really kicked A** in his directorial <BR>debu.<BR>The collest movie, so if you havem't seen it-rent it, or <BR>bey it! It is a movie that you must own!!
B00005JLKB|4.0|So why buy Smallville season 1?? Two words for you. Michael Rosenbaum. His portrayal of Lex Luthor truly makes the show. Even the producers of the show call his performance \\"magical\\".<br />In fact just the thought of what a young Lex Luthor would be like is what initially sparked my interest in the show. <br />And you cant forget Lionel Luthor played by the amazing John Glover. The scenes between Lex and his father are dynamic.<br />I pray we end up with the entire series on DVD.
B00005JLMH|5.0|While very different from Scott's more recent Gladiator, 1492: Conquest of Paradise is certainly worth watching. The old and the new worlds are both portrayed wonderfully. The music is perfect for the setting, as are the constumes, actors, etc. Depardieu, despite his French accent, properly represents columbus as a complex man that will pursue his goals, literally for the fifteenth century, to the end of the world.<br />If the film could be released on DVD, it would be a true gift from the studio.
0385504209|5.0|A friend sent me the RandomHouse internet quest for the Da Vinci Code ...I was hooked! I spent half a day in the office solving the clues, getting other colleagues involved. The pre-marketing was great. On my last visit back to the states, I picked up the book in the airport. I nearly finished it durning my 8,5 hour flight (instead of sleeping). I couldn't put it down. When I arrived, I immediately bought a book about Da Vinci, to check out painting details that I missed when visiting the originals. The combination of art, history, twists on religion and even just revisiting the Louvre, were so well described .... it was just like being there. I have recommended the book to EVERYONE I talk to! Long live the the Priory of Sion.
B00006L7XQ|5.0|I have been hesitant to write a review of this particular Johnny Cash album.  I bought my copy about a week ago and have not stopped listening to it.  I can't get enough of it!  It is the best album I have heard in the last couple of years.  That compliment spans my interest in various musical genres... from rock to country... from Contemporary Christian to folk... from classic rock to classic country.<br />This album tops them all!!<br />I don't want to sound like a groveling toad or a babbling idiot- but Johnny Cash is so spellbinding that I can't help it!  He is a musical icon!!  I agree with someone here on Amazon who said that Johnny is probably the most important figure in American music aside from Elvis.  (In my book Johnny goes beyond the king)<br />Enough gushing...  American IV: The Man Comes Around resounds like a gong in the sometimes bleak world of popular music.  It is full of thoughtful, heartfelt and soul wrenching songs.  Johnny Cash wrings the very marrow out of every song he writes or covers on this album.<br />Johnny Cash is just past 70 years old, but he has not slowed down in his musical prowess... He honestly just keeps getting better.<br />But as you listen to these songs you can't help but realize this is a man standing on the edge of the eternity.  Johnny appears to be a man satisfied with what he has accomplished... yet by the same token longing for more.<br />I could definitely comment on all the tracks but I will spare you and highlight just a few:<br />* The title track, \\"The Man Comes Around\\" is full of biblical references and apocalyptic visons.  Johnny says in the liner notes that he studied the book of Revelation from the Bible and came away with this song.  The song is well written and presented in a frentic yet controlled style.  As Johnny sings this song he seems breathless with anticipation of the day he meets his creator.  He also sings confidently knowing full well where he stands with God.<br />* Johnny's cover of the Simon and Garfunkel classic, \\"Bridge Over Troubled Water\\" is yet another gem on this disc.  It is full of heartfelt emotion and love.<br />* I love the story song, \\"I Hung My Head\\".  It reminds me of an old Marty Robbins tune, a cowboy story song.  I think that Sting wrote it.  :-)  I don't know why that intrigues me so, but it does.  When I first got the disc I listened to this song over and over again.<br />* I don't know exactly how the songs were chosen for this project but the choice of the Beatles, \\"In My Life\\" was unbelievable!  This is yet another haunting song on an awe inspiring album.  Johnny again makes a great song in it's own right, his very own.<br />* \\"The Streets of Laredo\\" is another great story song.  It is one of those old cowboy standards and Johnny breaths new life into it.<br />I think what Johnny Cash does so well is make old time country music new and fresh.  He'll take something distinctly country and bring it out of that label.  He has a way of making this genre palatable to people who might have otherwise avoided it like the plague.  His style transcends country music and is more than country has to offer.  I like most country music, but I love Johnny Cash!<br />This album is the best I have heard from anyone in awhile... it is well worth your time and effort.  I recommend it for anyone who loves music!lassic, \\"Bridge Over Troubled Water\\" is yet another gem on this disc.  It is full of heartfelt emotion and love.<BR>* I love the story song, \\"I Hung My Head\\".  It reminds me of an old Marty Robbins tune, a cowboy story song.  I think that Sting wrote it.  :-)  I don't know why that intrigues me so, but it does.  When I first got the disc I listened to this song over and over again.<BR>* I don't know exactly how the songs were chosen for this project but the choice of the Beatles, \\"In My Life\\" was unbelievable!  This is yet another haunting song on an awe inspiring album.  Johnny again makes a great song in it's own right, his very own.<BR>* \\"The Streets of Laredo\\" is another great story song.  It is one of those old cowboy standards and Johnny breaths new life into it.<BR>I think what Johnny Cash does so well is make old time country music new and fresh.  He'll take something distinctly country and bring it out of that label.  He has a way of making this genre palatable to people who might have otherwise avoided it like the plague.  His style transcends country music and is more than country has to offer.  I like most country music, but I love Johnny Cash!<BR>This album is the best I have heard from anyone in awhile... it is well worth your time and effort.  I recommend it for anyone who loves music!
0688163173|5.0|I've read everything Dennis Lehane has published and I loved Shutter Island.  He gets better, more complex, more confident with each novel.  It definitely belongs in the psychological thriller genre and clearly some of these reviewers who did not enjoy the book are not fans of that genre.  The twists and turns were delightful and believable.  I read a terrific number of mysteries and am always disappointed if I figure out the mystery mid-book.  I did figure out some of the clues, but not the ending.  I loved the ending - thought it was the perfect final twist.  Entirely appropriate.
0767805712|5.0|this movies is so good i was totally moved by the performance of jude law even more than the one by ethan hawke, i somewhat felt that the story was more on Jude Law than on ethan hawke because all the sadness came from him for not bein able to walk or realize his dreams
6305428042|5.0|Absolutely my favorite Halloween flick, hands down! These witches have their \\"hang ups\\" from the start in this hillarious Halloween comedy about three sisters who are attempting to fulfill the curse they cast on the townsfolk of Salem, Massachusetts three hundred years ago. Now finding themselves in the twentieth century, they set out to wreak havoc once again with their spooky spells and pick up where they left off. However, they've hit a slight snag. They have come back to find their home is now a tourist attraction, Winnie's book of spells has been stolen and they are no longer feared but are nothing more than a colorful urban legend. Determined to regain the Book of Spells and carry out their wicked deed before daybreak, they end up getting into the most hillarious of circumstances as they continually get outwitted by three resourceful kids who are determined to foil their wicked plans. But the clock is ticking...who will win? Salem or the Witches? Cameo performances by Penny Marshall and Frank Marshall add more spice to an already delightful film. Loaded with frightening holiday favorites like graveyards, ghouls, jack o'lanterns and moonlight broom rides. This whimsical film has also combined the stunning and beautiful Fall scenery of small town America celebrating this fun and festive holiday. It is sure to delight all veiwers. It also packs a great soundtrack with tunes performed by the divine Miss M herself and a haunting melody sung by Sara Jessica Parker. You can expect all the of chills and thrills of a great spooktacular film plus all the laughter of a hillarious comedy all rolled into one. It's also NIGHTMARE FREE for the kiddies! Disney proves once again that spooky and fun can win out over gory and gross anytime!
B00009RGBS|5.0|Chicago is an absolutely wonderful show...for those who are not easily offended and who don't mind entering the fantastic world of theatre.  Chicago demonstrated a common theme in dramatic plays...darkness and awe...Topped off with wonderful choreography and excellent music.  It was both entertaining and fullfilling.<br />For those of you (myself included) who enjoy watching movies from all walks of life such as the riviting Ten Commandments filled with morals and teachings of the Lord to movies like Chicago filled with \\"pathetic, immoral group of gutter-trash \\" then by all means watch Chicago.  If not for the fantastic story-line filled with murderous women and the sleezy lawyers who help set them free (I loved the FICTIONAL story), then for the passion of the music and dance.  Dancers of all styles will enjoy the movement of bodies across the floor, making you want to tap and jazz across the room yourself.
B000006TRV|5.0|I purchased this used, on this site, and it was from the page that said digitally remastered version.  Well, my bad, for buying it used, because what I got was the older muddier sounding version.
B00003CX9E|5.0|Is this the greatest movie ever?<br /><br />This film is nothing short of pure brilliance. How can you argue the storyboard, camera positioning and most important, the performances. I have seen this movie at least 100 times and have yet to tire from it. Orson Welles was a genius and not only that, had the balls to take on Hearst in a passive aggressive fest that could do nothing but provoke anger from the publishing magnet. Visualy stunning and intense, this movie should be in every dvd library.<br />Is this the greatest movie ever? Well, Seven Samurai comes close but Yes, this IS the great movie ever.
B0000028WD|5.0|This album is BIG. The headliners are legends, the playlist is awesome and the music is overwhelming. Maybe there's a song or artist that isn't your favorite but there is so much to like, it's a no risk deal.    Some of my favorite parts: Booker T and the MGs backed almost everyone - their set with Neil Young was as good as his best stuff with Crazy Horse, absolutely stratospheric. George Harrison was delightfully perfect. Don't Think Twice - Clapton IS God. Tom Petty and The Heartbreakers turned Rainy Day Women into its own party. My Back Pages is one of the best songs I've ever heard on any album.  Clapton, McGuinn, Petty, Young, Dylan and Harrison each sing a verse. Play it loud, it will give you goosebumps. This doesn't take away anything from Johnny Cash, Richie Havens, the O'Jays, Tommy Makem and The Clancy Brothers and everyone else but it would start to sound like I copied the liner notes to list everyone who makes this album a really special treat.    OK, what could have been better? The Band only made it onto the album for one song - that was good but I would have enjoyed more. They are The Band, after all (or at least most of them..).  And yeah - Stevie Wonder got a little preachy but he still played great. I've always liked live albums and this is one of the best I've found.
0375422307|5.0|Persepolis is a fast read, due to the comic strip style. However, it is gripping, and for those who see Iranis in a 2-dimensional fashion: ayatollahs and hostage takers, because of recent history, this book will prove if need be that people are varied everywhere, and any type of dictatorship will bring out the worst in some. There is humor, but the story is certainly far from funny.
0380778556|5.0|THis book was reccommended to me by my stepmother.Though relectunt at first, it only took a few pages to get caught up in it.Truly a wonderful book. It's full of suspense and mystery. This book is good for kids as well as adults. I encourage everyone to read it.
B00005JLK1|1.0|How can people get away by taking a great story, change the venue and consider it original. Isn't that what so many B-grade movies are? Event Horizon - a classic. The best Sci-Fi Horror to date. This a cheap rip-off.
B00005N5S5|5.0|In spite of its low budget and sometimes cheesy visual effects, \\"The Terminator\\" is definitely a spectacular sci-fi/action film.  James Cameron made it big with the story of a cyborg with human flesh and blood that travels from the future to the present in order to kill the mother of the leader -who hasn't been born yet -of the human resistance who fights the machines in the future.  Arnold Schwarzenegger is great playing the terminator, a mean machine that has no feelings or remorse that will not stop until it completes its mission.<br />The documentaries on this special edition DVD are fantastic, with Arnold and Cameron discussing what they went through during the filming of this classic, plus recent interviews that offer us an insight of the production, among other things.  This is a must-have DVD.
B00005JM09|5.0|Terminator 3 is one of the few movies that has an ending that will surprise you completly. Many people don't realze that that story isn't what they think.<BR>Many people think that the Termintor is sent back in time to protect John Conner; well that's part of the storyline. The terminator was actually suppose to protect Kat Brewster, who is one of the stars of the film.<BR>The terminator did ask where John Conner was, but he had to protect both John Conner and Kate Brewster. <BR>The movie doesn't start off with a beginning war sequence. The new termintor: T-X is a female and more advance than the other termintors. <BR>Unlike the T-1000, the T-X has a way to be destroyed and stop. See that's what I like about this film, unlike James Cameron and William Wisher who created something that they couldn't destory, the T-X has a way to be destoryed.<BR>The acting is better. A lot of people think that James Cameron is a good director, but he's good at directing puppits, but he directs people bad. Look at the acting in the first two films, they're horrible, and pupits are good.<BR>The action in T3 is intense and exciting. The speacial effects are much better, and the music is alot more better that Brad Fiedil's score. <BR>This movie is much more better than the first two films. It's the best Terminator yet. Completely exciting. You'll have one good time watching this film.
B00003CX95|4.0|I wish I could have rated this film 5 stars, but the two completely unneccessary sex scenes--believe me, I don't watch them, but I know that they are there--two swear words, and some gratuitous violence dropped my rating to 4 stars.<br />The directing of this film, indeed the entire screen impact is incredible. The screenplay is good, and the acting is tremendous. Mel Gibson as the patriotic young Scot William Wallace (and also the director of the film) is acting in his best sort of role, and he does it very well. Sophie Marceau as the French-born princess of Wales is very good too. Patrick McGoohan as the villainous Edward Longshanks is a good actor, and there are some funny scenes between him and his weakling of a sodomite son.<br />This is a long film, but all parts of it help the story, and there are no boring sections. It is the well-acted, well directed, and just well made sort of film that only comes around every once in a while.<br />This is a great film for families with older children, but unfortunately, if you are alergic to fire or swords, this film is not for you. There is simply too much for you to handle.
B000062YAZ|5.0|They've certainly spawned their fair share of imitators, but noone will ever top this record. For that matter, Slayer themselves have yet to top it. But you know, they really don't have to. Every album they've ever released is amazing in it's own way, but none of them can hold a candle to \\"Reign in Blood,\\" with the exception of \\"South of Heaven.\\"...When Slayer first emerged in 1983, they took the whole idea of heavy metal as singing Satan's praises to the nth degree, and this album is overflowing with graphic, often gruesome lyrics. Take \\"Angel of Death,\\" a song about the horrors of Auschwitz. The lyrics certainly spare no details of what the Nazis committed in that camp. The song's a little disturbing, even to me, and I'm hard to disturb. But that was the idea, wasn't it? Satanism and violence was the band's gimmick. In my opinion, Satanic references in metal, from today's point of view, are a little hokey, but at the time this came out, they were profoundly shocking, because few had gone this far.<br />Musically, there is nothing ambivalent to say about this record. Pure, utter, sensory assault, and that's the way it should be.  A heavy-hitting, 200-beats-per-minute bloodbath with blistering solos from each of Slayer's equally talented guitarists, Jeff Hanneman and Kerry King. Not to mention that vocalist Tom Araya is a metal god who can actually sing. Altogether, this album is worth every last cent you spend. Get it.
B00005JM09|2.0|I am not sure which is worse - the idea that they are bringing back the Terminator movies or that Arnold Schwarzenegger is running for office in California.  This movie had a bad plot and equally bad acting.  The only character that I enjoyed was the TX girl (the \\"bad\\" robot) and she only had about 3 speaking lines in the entire movie!  Save your money or go see Legally Blonde: Red, White, and Blonde instead - at least you'll laugh at something you're supposed to.
B00009V7T2|5.0|The core of the amazingly energetic At the Drive-In has transferred itself into a new great band.  The Mars Volta.  TMV's first album is an intense blend of Punk, Prog. Rock, Latin and Jazz.  Parts of it sound like Floyd's Ummagumma and other parts are extremely close to the At The Drive-In songs I still celebrate.  This is the best album I have heard in a long time, hopefully TMV will spawn more bands that are as ambitious to make good music as they are.  Teaming up with such musicians as &quot;Flea&quot; from the Red Hots, Cedric and Omar have created the answer to the question Is Rock Dead?-NO
B00005JM03|5.0|This was a great movie.  It has been a while since I have gone to the theaters just to see a movie, even though I did not know anything about it, and I had never had a good experience until now.
B00006DEFA|1.0|'Amadeus' (a name Mozart almost never used) seems to appeal to many with its sham profundities and sophomoric paradoxes. (\\"How could such a boor create something so divine etc. blah blah blah?\\")  But to anyone who knows anything about Mozart, it is an intolerable work of fiction.  <br />This is not just some nerdy nitpicking with its factual inaccuracies.  The premiss of the film is that a capricious divinity or Muse chose to pour out sublime music through an irritating halfwit.  This reduces Mozart to some kind of genuine exponent of the 'automatic writing' that some psychics pretend to practise.  According to 'Amadeus' Mozart made no drafts and found composing effortless.  Both statements are false.  There are dozens of his drafts, crossed-out passages, corrections and abandoned scores extant.  In his introduction to his 'Haydn Quartets' Mozart described them as \\"the fruit of long and laborious endeavour\\".  Sometimes Mozart solved compositional problems in his head and the act of writing out the results was almost a copy-writing exercise.  But to use these instances to portray Mozart as an idiot-savant with ridiculous hair is absurd and dishonest.<br />Yes, Mozart was a genius if anyone ever was.  But he was also a superb craftsman who studied and learned from his older contemporaries such as J.C.Bach and Haydn.  He was not a cosmic joke played on poor, stodgy Salieri (with whom he generally got on quite well anyway).     <br />As for the soundtrack, if Neville Marriner's poor performances of bowlderised versions of the composer's scores bring more people to love and appreciate Mozart then I suppose some good has come of this unpleasant film.  But this is not enough to redeem it, not nearly enough.
B00005JLYU|3.0|It had a plot for about 10 minutes, which made the script horrible, but if you like to watch gorgeous girls dance and pretend to fight, then this is your movie - because there are three of them.
B00005R2M3|3.0|Well, having all of her three albums I must say that this album kinda sucks. Her second album \\"donde estan los ladrones\\" is really good, but her best album is the first one \\"pies descalzos\\". I think it has to do with Emilio stefan trying to get Shakira into the American public so she (and maybe him too) can get more $$. I love all the songs in the first one, most of them in the second, and I'm not a fanatic of any of the third album. It sound Blahhh. Unnatural. I think that back when she was writing her first album she really did it probably not to gain fame or popularity, but because it was burning out of her. Love was burning through her, and she expressed it in her songs. Now I think she does it because she feels an obligation to her fans and pressure from her producers. The commercialism has really deteriorated her creative thinking and passion. I don't believe that you can make star hits from force, and that's what I think happened to her as she progressed from album to album, feeling the pressure of everything, including us fans who love her so much. I REALLY connect with the lyrics of the first album, and most in the second, but the third one is not really touching. I also think that it will be hard to get away from that commercialism and pressure, so most likely it won't get as good as it was. It's not that it's bad, but when you've listened to the other albums, you ask \\"what happened?\\".
B000002JS6|5.0|This is one of the greatest pieces of music ever released. It starts of running at the beginning of Hells Bells and does not let up until the end of Rock&amp;Roll Aint Noise pollution.  This put really gritty hard rock back on the map when disco was in its final throwes.  It was also one of the biggest selling albums of all time which was no small victory for a band who just lost an integral member in Bon Scott.  Most bands will lose their sound, their integrity and maybe their popularity.  But AC/DC stayed strong and released an all killer no filler album. This is a rock triumph and a personal triumph over tragedy for AC/DC
B00005JM1F|2.0|If you are thinking about buying this DVD, you've probably already seen the movie.  And if you haven't seen it, you're not missing much... just check out any college based comedy from the last 20 years, pick out any random events, and update it to 2003, and you're pretty much up to speed with things.  A lackluster and overly predictable story, far too many clichs, and acting that would be better left on a bad Saturday Night Live rerun, make this flick about as memorable as...whatever that other hideous collection of celluloid was.<br />Normally, a movie of this genre would at least give me some chuckles here and there, but the best I could do with this one is to sit back and admire the realism of Craig Kilborne's bit part portrayal of a typical oversexed, under committed, narcissistic...Shows how much of an impact the rest of the movie had.<br />But, while the movie itself drew extremely heavy vacuum, a couple of the special features nearly helped me to salvage my 2-hour investment.  Most notably, the parody of \\"Inside The Actor's Studio\\" where Will Ferrell's dead-on impersonation of sycophantic rambling James Lipton goes completely \\"Twilight Zone\\" while interviewing the Old School cast members...including Will Ferrell.  It also turns out that a couple of the features \\"deleted scenes\\" were actually more interesting than the edits in the film itself.<br />A DVD can't survive on the basis of special features alone, and this one is no exception...
B000060P79|5.0|I just got Simple Plan's debut album &quot;No Pads, No Helmets...Just Balls&quot;, at it was amazing! Below is a review of each great song.<br />1. I'd Do Anything - 10/10<BR>An upbeat song featuring Mark Hoppus from Blink 182, this is one of the best on the album.<br />2. The Worst Day Ever - 10/10<BR>Great lyrics which talk about the never ending cycling of bad days...a great follow up song to the first one.<br />3. You Don't Mean Anything - 10/10<BR>A fast song about people that don't mean anything...I really enjoyed this song, and the amazing singing abilities demonstrated. <br />4. I'm Just A Kid - 8.5/10<BR>A mid-tempo song about a lonely kid who has no friends - catchy guitar riffs. The lyrics are funny - you'll like it.<br />5. When I'm With You - 10/10<BR>One of the best songs on the album which talks about girls, with a catchy chorus line.<br />6. Meet You There - 10/10<BR>Kinda a pop song; it's very quiet but energetic at the same time, with a sweet keyboard solo throughout the song, along with catchy guitar riffs. It's all good.<br />7. Addicted - 10/10<BR>Slow, power ballad that talks about addiction to girls. Amazing song.<br />8. My Alien - 10/10<BR>Hilarious lyrics about an alien girlfriend - one of the best songs on the album.<br />9. Hate Me - 10/10<BR>Energetic, catchy vocal lines make this another great song.<br />10. I Won't Be There - 10/10<BR>Catchy solo guitar line, with funny lyrics and great playing. Another one of the amazing songs on this CD.<br />11. One Day - 10/10<BR>I liked the acoustic guitar playing, along with great lyrics makes yet another great song.<br />12. Perfect - 8/10<BR>Kinda sad, not the best song to finish up the album, but great singing.<br />All the songs are amazing on this album that could all become hits. Simple Plan is the master of pop/punk and one of my fav bands. Get this CD and you will be amazed...you will feel you're above the clouds. I guarentee you'll like it.
B00005JM1F|2.0|If you are thinking about buying this DVD, you've probably already seen the movie.  And if you haven't seen it, you're not missing much... just check out any college based comedy from the last 20 years, pick out any random events, and update it to 2003, and you're pretty much up to speed with things.  A lackluster and overly predictable story, far too many clichs, and acting that would be better left on a bad Saturday Night Live rerun, make this flick about as memorable as...whatever that other hideous collection of celluloid was.<br />Normally, a movie of this genre would at least give me some chuckles here and there, but the best I could do with this one is to sit back and admire the realism of Craig Kilborne's bit part portrayal of a typical oversexed, under committed, narcissistic...Shows how much of an impact the rest of the movie had.<br />But, while the movie itself drew extremely heavy vacuum, a couple of the special features nearly helped me to salvage my 2-hour investment.  Most notably, the parody of \\"Inside The Actor's Studio\\" where Will Ferrell's dead-on impersonation of sycophantic rambling James Lipton goes completely \\"Twilight Zone\\" while interviewing the Old School cast members...including Will Ferrell.  It also turns out that a couple of the features \\"deleted scenes\\" were actually more interesting than the edits in the film itself.<br />A DVD can't survive on the basis of special features alone, and this one is no exception...
B0000549B2|4.0|I saw this film when it was released (summer of 1990).  I didn't appreciate it because I was 21 (a kid who wouldn't get the major theme).  I recently purchased the DVD, and I watched it for the first time in 13 years.<br />I really enjoyed this film.  Everyone has (or has had) a Bleek in his life: someone who is so self-centered on his/her desires that he/she doesn't show respect or regard for anything else.  However, we always lose the love of our life for various reasons.  Then, what do you do when the love of your life is suddenly taken from you?  That is this film's theme.  Bleek's true love was music - jazz music.  Bleek's love of music was the most important thing to him.  Music overrode everything: an incompetent manager (who just happened to be his best friend), his lovers, and the contentment of his bandmates (the money issue which is related to having an incompetent manager).<br />I enjoyed the score and the jazz pieces included in this film (after all, Bleek played the trumpet).  I really liked the cinematography in this film because the film showed the beauty of New York City - the brownstones, the Manhattan skyline (a brief glimpse), the Brooklyn Bridge, etc.<br />All in all, a good film.  Rated 4 stars (not 5 stars because I thought the ending of the film was too rushed).
B00008K7AM|3.0|Yes, it's stupid.  But it's still pretty funny.<br />Rob Schneider plays a traditional fish out of water role, having had the personality/soul/whatever of a beautiful young prissy coed transferred into his body (normally a 30 something semi-conscious, small-time thief).  The ensuing predicaments that he finds himself in, although already played out in at least 10 other movies I can think of, do prove to a humorous flavor to them that only Schneider can provide.  Although heavy on toilet and vaguely homoerotic humor, the movie manages to provide adequate chuckles throughout its 104-minute length.  Supported by a reasonably talented cast including Anna Faris, the Mowry Twins, Adam Sandler in a very one dimensional cameo, Michael O'Keefe (remember him from Caddy Shack?) as the coed's overly hormonal father, and a virtually unrecognizable Michelle Branch, Schneider manages to keep this movie slightly above the level of your typical teenage romp film.<br />The DVD is a moderately good package, including the movie, featurettes on each of the main characters and stunt production, a dozen or so deleted scenes, an alternate ending, and a very well done music video.  The big question is \\"Is it worth spending [$$$] to own?\\"  Well, if you are a big Rob Schneider fan...sure.  If not, then I would recommend renting it first, and deciding if it fits your tastes.
B000096H33|5.0|I was seriously scratching my head and asking &quot;Why?&quot; when I heard that Mike Oldfield was re-recording his debut masterwork &quot;Tubular Bells&quot;. After all, the 1973 original is something genuine and special. Also, we've got two sequels which were released 20 and 25 years later respectively plus an orchestral version and a &quot;Tubular Bells&quot; best-of. Why on earth do we need another &quot;Tubular Bells&quot; disc?<br />For the answer, one needs to do no more than buy the CD and pop it into your player. The 2003 remake of &quot;Tubular Bells&quot; is simply astounding. While this is a note-for-note remake of the original version, there are some subtle but noticable differences. With the advancements in technology, many parts of this piece have a more defined sound especially in the bass and percussion. Also, the vocals in the &quot;Caveman&quot; section are more shouted than growled like on the original. The &quot;Caveman&quot; also has a duet partner on the new version whereas on the original, he was alone.<br />This re-recording of &quot;Tubular Bells&quot; needed to be done.  It's like dusting off an old painting that had been in the attic for 30 years. While nothing compares to the original, it's great to have this classic work updated. It's also fun to play the original and the remake side by side and spot the differences. Like the great classical works of Mozart, Beethoven and Bach, Mike Oldfield's &quot;Tubular Bells&quot; will probably be listened to for generations more to come. May the Tubular Bells keep ringing!!
080018789X|2.0|Jerry Maguire is not one of the greatest movies ever made it is just to slow and the plot is very dull. I have seen most of Tom Cruise's films and it's not like he's awful in this film or anything it just doesn't live up to Rain Man or A Few Good Men Tom Cruise acts much better in those movies. The Surrounding Actors were even worse and just how many people were in this movie there were so many characters I could not even keep track with the movie. The Film started out o.k I was even laughing at the beginning but I noticed this movie had odd humor when the child at the beginning said something very unsettling to Jerry Maguire. This movie towards the middle turns into this torturing bore it has sort of a chick flick pasted on it in which I had no idea this was a chick flick. Also towards the end I was not impressed at all. Jerry Maguire as a movie has very little going for it a bunch of whining actors and a bunch of out of shape greedy sports agents and some football player named Cuba Gooding Jr who is annoying from the start. What a yucky movie it's not my taste of a good film.
B00003CXS4|5.0|Snatch is a brilliant movie with a good plot all the different stories come together in the end. Brad Pitt is Brilliant in this film with an unforgettable accent. This film is an instant, buy don't even bother renting it you will end up buying it anyways
B00008RH1H|5.0|&quot;Throne of Blood,&quot; loosely based on &quot;Macbeth,&quot; is widely regarded as one of the most successful film adaptations of a Bard play.<br />The 1957 film is full of fog, wind, rain and lightning -- sound and fury indeed -- reflecting the descent into madness of the film's Macbeth, Lord Washizu (Toshiro Mifune). It was the closest Kurosawa came to a horror film. A match for Mifune is the veteran actress Isuzu Yamada, arguably the most chilling Lady Macbeth of them all.<br />The black-and-white &quot;Throne of Blood&quot; retains some speckling and a few jumpy transitions, but looks considerably better than previous versions. The high-definition transfer comes from a fine-grain positive. The film comes in its original 1.33:1 aspect ratio. Considerable work was done on the mono audio as well, benefiting its haunting score.<br />In a wildly unorthodox piece of packaging, the &quot;Throne of Blood&quot; DVD offers two separate sets of subtitles, both dramatically different in tone and translation. The authors explain their philosophies in the DVD's handsome booklet.<br />The academic approach continues in the commentary by Japanese film expert Michael Jeck, recorded last fall. Jeck's voice sounds like a cross between Casey Kasem's and Mr. Roger's, taking quite a while to get used to, but it's well worth the effort.
0399236201|2.0|Stormbreaker is a collage of every spy movie cliche ever, from the Q-style gadget session to the German female assistant of the mad doctor (I kept wanting to call her Frau Farbissina). It even has the old taxi driver turns out to be the bad guy routine! Ouch...this book does absolutely nothing that hasn't already been done to death. Even the kid as secret agent thing has already been done in several Spy Kids movies among others. Watch a few of the poorer Bond films and you could have all it takes to write the next in the series.
B00008973Q|4.0|\\"Nobody does action like Akira Kurosawa,\\" says Stephen Prince, one of two commentators on \\"Ran.\\"<br />The film shows that the master had lost none of his touch for mayhem, even as he reached his mid-70s. \\"Ran's\\" battle sequences were so convincing that Japanese press reports claimed he used as many as 120,000 extras as soldiers (really about 1,400).<br />\\"Ran,\\" in the 1.85:1 ratio that Kurosawa adopted in his later years, also posts improvements in image quality, as demonstrated on a restoration-comparison feature. Still, the film quality has suffered over the past 18 years, with a fair amount of instability in the images. Even stationary objects seem to quiver at times. The 5.1 surround mix sounds terrific, elevating the experience without calling attention to itself. The music of Tori Takemitsu is in full force during the famous battle scenes.<br />Prince, author of \\"The Warrior's Camera,\\" about Kurosawa, spends much of his talk on the director's signature techniques such as shooting scenes from afar with multiple cameras fitted with telephoto lenses.<br />\\"His long lenses transform space, completely changing realities as they existed in front of the camera,\\" Prince notes.<br />\\"Ran\\" is filled with amazing performances. Tatsuya Nakadai plays Lord Hidetora (King Lear), whose three sons battle for his kingdom. Mieko Harada plays his daughter-in-law Kaede, one of Kurosawa's most powerful characters, male of female. Check out the astonishing scene as she dominates one of the sons -- mentally, physically and sexually.<br />A second commentary, by Japanese culture expert Peter Grilli, is largely ancedotal, telling of the difficulty Kurosawa had in raising funds for the film. His talk is interesting, but a bit strange as he settles for extended silences throughout.
B000069HK2|5.0|First of all, i want you all to know that i am not some girly-girl obsessed with good charlotte and simple plan.  im very picky about my music..and i like alot of non-pop, older rock like nirvana and rhcp. however, the used is a GREAT cd. they express amazing emotion through all their songs whether it be through expressive lyrics or violent screaming..all in all, this is a wonderful cd to sing along with or just sit back and listen to. if you like it, you would probably also like thursday, allister, beautiful mistake, compound red, fairweather, jawbreaker, jealous sound, samiam, senses fail, or any other punkish-rock cd with less pop sound.<br />BUY IT!
0385504209|5.0|If you are looking for a book that keeps you on the edge of your seat, this one is a must-read!!!  It is no wonder it is dominating the New York Times Bestseller list!  There are so many twists and turns that you cannot even begin to start guessing how it will end.  I LOVE that in a book!  I spent a lot of time looking up information on the internet about Phi and Da Vinci and this book has sparked many lively conversations debating its religious and scientific theories.  I have recommended this book to everyone I know and currently have a list of people that want to read it!  I also read Angels and Demons, which is not quite as good as this one, but still definitely worth reading!
B00000ICN5|5.0|This recording raised the bar for aspiring young guitarists!  Each note resonates with the raw emotion that is the Blues!  Texas Flood should be an essential part of any blues enthusiast's collection!
0792164903|5.0|Tim Burton films run hot and cold with me- Batman was superb, Batman: Returns was mediocre; Mars Attacks was excellent, Planet of the Apes was `see it for five bucks' type deal. Burton is maturing a lot from his earlier escapades and is no longer being weird for the sake of being weird, but instead tries to tell a story- there is nothing I hate more than directors who are too busy being artists to tell a story - must be why I don't like European films that much. Sleepy Hollow, on the other hand, is probably Burton's best film, because though he changes Washington Irving's original story quite a bit, he does such a good job of it that most people shouldn't or won't care. That and the film, the acting, the sets- everything look so darn good, that one can't help but to enjoy this retelling of one of America's first fairy tale.<br />Johnny Depp (From Hell), who I must admit to being somewhat of a fan of, stars as Icabod Crane, a constable from New York City who is sent by a judge (Christopher Lee) to this Dutch farming village up north to investigate a series of grisly murders. Crane is a man of science who eschews religious faith in favor of rational thought and the scientific method, except he seems to be making it up as he goes along. When it's explained to him that these murders to committed by a headless Hessian mercenary from America's Revolutionary days, he naturally blows off the possibility, until he sees it for himself. There have been better on-screen epiphanies, but few end up with heads rolling into the hero's lap or cowering in a bed and hauling the covers up over one's head like a five year old. Depp's performance is wonderful, bringing to mind an absent minded professor who succeeds inspite of himself.<br />Burton crafts everything perfectly- the village is the usual gothic weird- Sleepy Hollow becomes Gotham City with its tightly packed, narrow buildings. Colors are muted- greys, greens, browns and black is enhanced, giving the film a Dickensian dream-like quality. Christina Ricci (who may be one of the most beautiful women alive) plays Katrina Van Tassel, the unlikely heir to her father's fortunes and an `I think for myself' woman and secretly a witch in this deeply religious town. She falls for Icabod until his `science' and deductive reasoning leads him to believe that it is she who controls the Horseman (played by Christopher Walken). I found the underlying plot of the film- the reason why the Horseman is killing all of these people, very pleasing. So many movies these days like to cover the motivations of their villains in high minded ideals, but in Sleepy Hollow's case, it's good old fashioned greed, spite and revenge.<br />Miranda Richardson (sigh!) appears as Katrina's retiring, helpful step mother and an instrument of pure evil, for it is she who possesses the Hessian's skull and who drives the Horsemen to commit these ghastly murders. Knocking off members of the community who are listed in the Van Tassel estate until she becomes the sole heir to her husband's fortune and this done because her own family had been treated so poorly by the Van Tassel's when she was a little girl. See? Good, honest motivations- greed, spite, revenge! And she sets about bumping off the likes of Ian McDiarmid (Attack of the Clones), Martin Landau (Ed Wood), and Richard Griffiths (the abusive step-father from the Harry Potter films), and better decapitations have not been seen in a movie in a long time! Burton's casting of this film could not have been better- everyone is superb in their roles. Even the loathsome Casper Van Dien (Starship Troopers), but since he gets pureed, I can live with it.<br />At its core, Sleepy Hollow is a tongue-in-cheek action film, complete with chases, a grand explosion, sword fights and gun battles. But everything is so seamlessly crafted that it carries the viewer along. The Hessian is like the Terminator- a relentless, indefatigable killing machine, driven by his own desires to recover his head,but helpless under the power of its wielder. It has lots of atmosphere and manages to be genuinely creepy at times, even providing a few scares- something truly hard to accomplish in a film these days. A good twist on an old tale by a director who is coming into his own.but helpless under the power of its wielder. It has lots of atmosphere and manages to be genuinely creepy at times, even providing a few scares- something truly hard to accomplish in a film these days. A good twist on an old tale by a director who is coming into his own.
B00000I4XR|4.0|THIS IS THE FIRST JAWS MOVIE.<BR>JAWS IS IN THE TOWN OF AMITY AND STARTS KILLING PEOPLE.<BR>THE CHIEF OF POLICE WANTS TO CLOSE THE BEACH BUT THE MAYOR WON'T LET HIM SO FINALLY HE TAKS MATTER'S INTO HIS OWN HANDS. GET'S A TEAM AND A BOAT AND GOES AND KILLS THE SHARK. THIS IS ONE OF STEVEN'S SPEILBERGS BEST MOVIES
B000084T18|1.0|Wow! what an incredible departure from the usual nonsense spewed forth from every \\"rapper\\" on this planet! even the title blows my mind-\\"get rich or die tryin'\\"- that's some pretty deep stuff...anyways, i actually think this is just more of the same old-same old and i wish that these poor fools(\\"rappers\\" in general)would hurry the hell up and DO SOMETHING DIFFERENT, something UNIQUE for god's sake. it's really quite ridiculous and sad how these so called artists keep repeating themselves over and over and over and the masses lap it up like the sheep that they are....WHY?
0451205146|4.0|I think the biggest question which needs to be answered when reviewing Black Hawk Down is, \\"Why read the book if you've seen the movie?\\"  And to tell you the truth, it's a good question.  The movie does a wonderful job at portraying with accuracy the narrative which is so meticulously documented in print.  Those with only a passing interest in the subject matter will not shortchange themselves by skipping the book and proceeding directly to the movie.  It is not that the movie is better than the book or vice versa; both are done extremely well.  So what's the difference between the two?<br />The book is the meticulously researched minute-by-minute account of a battle gone horribly wrong.  October 3, 1993.  Army Rangers and Delta Force operators descend into the urban labyrinth of Mogadishu, Somalia.  Their task is to surprise a meeting of Habr Gidr clan members, led by warlord Mohamed Farrah Aidid, and to arrest two of his top lieutenants.  The mission turns sour when the initial entry is plagued by a series of mishaps; locals prove to be heavily armed; and Blackhawk helicopters begin taking hits from rocket propelled grenades.  Ultimately, a dangerous rescue operation is mounted.  The rest is history.  <br />Both the movie and the book document all of this, but two and a half hours of film leave a lot of details on the cutting room floor.  If you watched the movie exclusively, you would miss subtleties such as leadership tensions between Rangers and Delta Force operators, conflict history, the importance of specific equipment in combat operations, and background information on individual soldiers which brings added significance to their survival (or demise) in battle.  Most importantly, however, the book provides greater insight into the private thought lives of the soldiers, their interpersonal relationships, and the characteristics each one of them brought to an extraordinarily difficult situation.  These details have also been document through personal interviews, but the thought life and the depth of unspoken emotion are notoriously difficult to capture on film.  First I read the book; then I saw the film.  You can't go wrong either way, as both will leave you asking difficult questions.  But if you're keen on having more answers, read the book.
B000067IZ3|5.0|OK, I'm sorry, that's a seriously cliched word, but how else am I supposed to describe a movie where I didn't even NOTICE the passage of time until almost the two-hour mark? <br />There's a lot of elements at work here, but let me talk about the top three that make it so great:<br />1) The cast. Give me Don Cheadle, Miguel Ferrer, and Benicio del Toro in the same movie and I want to see it. Throw in Dennis Quaid, Michael Douglas, and Luis Guzman and I am SO there...I'm not familiar with Erika Christensen's work, but she is spot-on as the druggie daughter-- even if I would have preferred that her daddy throw her spoiled brat in jail a la Martin Sheen/Charlie Sheen (and DON'T get on my case about addiction-is-a-disease, because the way the film portrayed her was that she just didn't give a...; I didn't see any suffering there). And Topher trace? \\"That 70's Show\\" TOPHER GRACE?...that kid has a future-- Soderburgh showed exceptional insight in casting him, as it would have been soooo much easier (and predictable) to show the guy who gets the drug czar's daughter hooked on drugs as some low-life scumbag, instead of Mr. clean-cut boy-next-door. Nice.<br />Catherine Zeta-Jones; I haven't seen most of her films, but she is a dynamic presence here-- probably the strongest pregnant female character since Frances McDormand in FARGO, and as loathsome and self-serving as McDormand was admirable.  <br />Benicio del Toro's Oscar was well-deserved-- imagine giving an award to an actor for just playing a human being! No heavy make-up, no tics, no dramatic speeches-- just plain HONESTY. Astonishing. <br />I could go on, but suffice to say there isn't a weak performance in the entire cast. My only beef? I would have loved to see Javier and Wakefield meet-- they could learn so much from one another.<br />2) The script. A great cast without a great script is a \\"box movie.\\" You know, the ones that run ads showing the cast in little boxes at the bottom, a la the 70s disaster movies? (credit Roger Ebert). TRAFFIC is most definitely NOT a \\"box movie.\\" I didn't see a manifesto on the evils of drug use, or the failure of the war on drugs, or any kind of MESSAGE writ large-- I saw intelligent characters who interact with one another and make choices and mistakes and keep the viewer involved with them AS PEOPLE, not as pawns in a morality play. Another well-deserved Oscar to writer Stephen Gaghan; without this script, it WOULD have been a box movie-- albeit one with funny colors. Which brings me to the third element:<br />3) The look. For this I credit not only Soderburgh, but the editors, cinematographers, art directors...all of those who contributed to the unique look of this film. From the shaky camera to the washed-out yellows in the Mexico sequences to the cold blues of the Douglas/Christensen sequences, the LOOK of the film enhances everything that is done and said without seeming pretentious or obvious. <br />I don't know if I've been able to convey how well all of the elements combine to make such an eminently watchable film.Take whatever stance you want on the U.S. drug policy-- this film is more concerned with telling its stories. You can't get more watchable than that.
0440178002|4.0|I took this book with me on a three week vacation to Europe.  It's huge, perfect for a looooong trip.  For a synopsis of the book, see the other reviews.  I study Chinese history, not Japanese, so I can not claim to know all the inaccuracies in this novel, but I thought it squared very well with what I know about Tokugawa Japan.  My professor recommended it to our class, so I am guessing it is a good portrayal...<br />My main issue with the book, and the reason i don't give it five stars, is because I thought some of the characters were flat and under-developed.  Blackthorne, Lady Mariko, and Fujiko are stereotypes...the uncouth, heroic barbarian, and the patriotic, loyal Japanese.  At times it was a bit much.  The most well developed characters were Toranaga and Yabu, who are always leaving the reader guessing as to what their true motivations are.  <br />Other than that flaw (and it is a minor one overall), 'Shogun' is an addictive, action-packed read that will have you thinking about Japan long after you've turned the last page.<br />Tip:  make a list of the names of characters if you are unfamiliar with the Japanese naming system, as it can get very confusing.  A list of the Japanese terms Blackthorne learns is also helpful.
B000067IZ3|5.0|OK, I'm sorry, that's a seriously cliched word, but how else am I supposed to describe a movie where I didn't even NOTICE the passage of time until almost the two-hour mark?<br />There's a lot of elements at work here, but let me talk about the top three that make it so great:<br />1) The cast. Give me Don Cheadle, Miguel Ferrer, and Benicio del Toro in the same movie and I want to see it. Throw in Dennis Quaid, Michael Douglas, and Luis Guzman and I am SO there (OK so I missed this in theatres and just discovered it on DVD). I'm not familiar with Erika Christensen's work, but she is spot-on as the druggie daughter-- even if I would have preferred that her daddy throw her spoiled brat ass in jail a la Martin Sheen/Charlie Sheen (and DON'T get on my case about addiction-is-a-disease, because the way the film portrayed her was that she just didn't give a damn; I didn't see any suffering there). And Topher Grace??? \\"That 70's Show\\" TOPHER GRACE????? DAMN, that kid has a future-- Soderburgh showed exceptional insight in casting him, as it would have been soooo much easier (and predictable) to show the guy who gets the drug czar's daughter hooked on drugs as some low-life scumbag, instead of Mr. clean-cut boy-next-door. Nice.<br />Catherine Zeta-Jones; I haven't seen most of her films, but she is a dynamic presence here-- probably the strongest pregnant female character since Frances McDormand in FARGO, and as loathsome and self-serving as McDormand was admirable.<br />Benicio del Toro's Oscar was well-deserved-- imagine giving an award to an actor for just playing a human being! No heavy make-up, no tics, no dramatic speeches-- just plain HONESTY. Astonishing.<br />I could go on, but suffice to say there isn't a weak performance in the entire cast. My only beef? I would have loved to see Javier and Wakefield meet-- they could learn so much from one another.<br />2) The script. A great cast without a great script is a \\"box movie.\\" You know, the ones that run ads showing the cast in little boxes at the bottom, a la the 70s disaster movies? (credit Roger Ebert). TRAFFIC is most definitely NOT a \\"box movie.\\" I didn't see a manifesto on the evils of drug use, or the failure of the war on drugs, or any kind of MESSAGE writ large-- I saw intelligent characters who interact with one another and make choices and mistakes and keep the viewer involved with them AS PEOPLE, not as pawns in a morality play. Another well-deserved Oscar to writer Stephen Gaghan; without this script, it WOULD have been a box movie-- albeit one with funny colors. Which brings me to the third element:<br />3) The look. For this I credit not only Soderburgh, but the editors, cinematographers, art directors...all of those who contributed to the unique look of this film. From the shaky camera to the washed-out yellows in the Mexico sequences to the cold blues of the Douglas/Christensen sequences, the LOOK of the film enhances everything that is done and said without seeming pretentious or obvious.<br />I don't know if I've been able to convey how well all of the elements combine to make such an eminently watchable film.Take whatever stance you want on the U.S. drug policy-- this film is more concerned with telling its stories. You can't get more watchable than that.ing the cast in little boxes at the bottom, a la the 70s disaster movies? (credit Roger Ebert). TRAFFIC is most definitely NOT a \\"box movie.\\" I didn't see a manifesto on the evils of drug use, or the failure of the war on drugs, or any kind of MESSAGE writ large-- I saw intelligent characters who interact with one another and make choices and mistakes and keep the viewer involved with them AS PEOPLE, not as pawns in a morality play. Another well-deserved Oscar to writer Stephen Gaghan; without this script, it WOULD have been a box movie-- albeit one with funny colors. Which brings me to the third element:<br />3) The look. For this I credit not only Soderburgh, but the editors, cinematographers, art directors...all of those who contributed to the unique look of this film. From the shaky camera to the washed-out yellows in the Mexico sequences to the cold blues of the Douglas/Christensen sequences, the LOOK of the film enhances everything that is done and said without seeming pretentious or obvious. <br />I don't know if I've been able to convey how well all of the elements combine to make such an eminently watchable film.Take whatever stance you want on the U.S. drug policy-- this film is more concerned with telling its stories. You can't get more watchable than that.
B000002LOE|3.0|R.E.M.'s first of album of the '90s, Out Of Time, has the band at their poppiest. Some songs here sound like their from the 80s. While some songs turn out great, there are others that I find hard to stomach. It's not as good as any of their other 90s works, that's for sure.<br />It starts out with the middle-of-the-road \\"Radio Song\\", with organs playing, guest rapping from KRS-One. I don't care a whole lot for it. \\"Losing My Religion\\" has good but overrated mandolin instrumentals. It is good, even as overrated and overplayed as it was. It didn't ruin the song though. \\"Low\\" is one of my favorites. It's kind of dark-sounding, and low-key. It's a real awesome track.<br />Then it all crashes down with the Mike Mills-led \\"Near Wild Heaven\\", which I find unlistenable. Dissapointing 'cuz his backing vocals have always been real good. \\"Endgame\\" is a snoozer instrumental, and it goes nowhere, so I skip that. \\"Shiny Happy People\\" is a rather embarrasing song of theirs. And it sounds real dated as well.<BR>The next noteworthy song is \\"Texarkana\\", a beautiful, melodic track. This time the vocals turn out right and everything goes right.<BR>Then I really can't stand \\"Country Feedback\\", the music just doesn't fit with my hearing.<BR>The last track is mediocre, as are the one that I hadn't mentioned.<br />If you like poppier R.E.M., you may like this. Also, if you're a huge R.E.M. fan, you may like it as well. However, if you are like me and tried understanding the hype, you may want it either burned or for a low used price. I wouldn't shell out $15 on this, yet I don't find enough stuff I don't like to say it's not recommended at all. I prefer the 80s stuff and Automatic..., but that's just me.
185984054X|5.0|I do not know anything about Catholicism so I would not dispute mother's religious ideology. But one thing I know is MC is surely not about helping the poor.<br />1. Any small charitable organization (including many catholic/christian organizations)in Calcutta do thousand times more to help the poors of Calcutta. Although MC does some charitable work, it is so miniscule given the amount of donation it recieves I would call it only a religious organization, certainly not a charity.<br />2. Contrary to popular belief, MC helps primarily christians or makes sure those who recieve help converts to Catholicism. Of course there are exceptions. I am against any religion which do not consider people of other religion as equally worthy human beings.<br />3. In the last 30 years of her life, mother spent overwhelmingly more time touring the Western world than working with the poor in Calcutta. I doubt whether even 0.01% of Calcutta's poor ever even saw her.<br />Of course I do not mind the above things and mother had a constitutionally guranteed right to religious freedom and to spend her organizations money the way she wants, but as a Calcuttan I do take offense in her extremely negative (if not outright lying) portyal of Calcutta. Just like any other third world or Indian cities, Calcutta also has its share of poverty but it is by no means greater than any other city of India. In reality, Calcutta is better off than most of the other cities in India. Not only it had a very vibrant cultural/social/political life for last 200 years, till date it continues to be the cultural capital of India and one of the most tolerant, multi-cultural, liberal city of India. Calcutta boasts the best public traportation system among Indian cities, it is not as densely populated as Delhi or Mumbai and it is not as polluted as Delhi. The real estate price in Calcutta will be higher than London, believe it or not!! Yes, there are homeless people in Calcutta (so are there in New York), but most ofthem are not beggars. They do odd jobs but not rich enough to afford a home. There is no wide-spread hunger in Calcutta, food is plenty, cheap and available in vast quantities. The government does enough to take care of the poor and I can gurantee, that even if you search really hard, you wont see the kind of squalor and poverty in Calcutta that mother made her Western followers believe. Interestingly, most of the Westerners get frustrated by not seeing enough poverty when they visit Calcutta, so the locals arrange some kind of poverty tour! and they search hard and find out the most wretched place (usually populated by illegal immigrants from Bangladesh or rural areas of neighboring states) to get the Western tourist see what they want to see. Her negative portryal of Calcutta caused the city to lose millions of dollar on tourism revenue, since no one wants to visit this nightmarish place. Some of you might find it hard to believe but in my 24 years of life in Calcutta I never saw the kind of poverty mother's followers tend to assume about Calcutta. The worst part is, mother fed her followers with such exaggerated image of poverty to raise money but in reality did not do anything about it or atleast nothing of any significance. No wonder the people of Calcutta, the so called recipient of her generosity does not care at all about her charitable work, but they do respect her because she brought a Nobel Prize (incidentally two more Indians won that prize before her from Calcutta)to the city and they are unaware of the stories mother tells rest of the world about Calcutta.  I do not question her holiness, but I think by constantly lying about Calcutta, she used faudulent means to raise money and did not use the money for which it was raised in the first place. <br />I am still amazed, that the old, innocous looking, saintly woman had the capacity to pull-off one of the biggest frauds in recent history and even managed to get a nobel prize for God knows what contribution to peace! I dont know whether the truth will make any dent in the belief of her admirers, but it is the truth and you have to visit Calcutta to realize it.<br />P.S: I suggest a book (Mother Teresa The Final Verdict)in the following web-site for a more revealing account of her activities.<br />...
B000001Y5J|5.0|During 1992 in the release of Broken, Reznor, was still in between the way of the top dog when rising from underdog status. Lollapalooza started the popularization of NIN from alternative fans, and it got more of a word-of-mouth hype. Enough to convert people on time, but also Trent claimed how he wanted to get rid of the O.G. fans, and this was the result.<BR>People obviously still loved Broken. It's an awesome, short, accessible album of hard-edged NIN music. Sure it's loud, but so are a million other albums out there. And this isn't really for those who don't like that stuff. And I bet it'd work to scare someone near sleeping by playing \\"Happiness in Slavery\\". That'd just be funny! But it's a great song, and the lyrics are great too, as they condemn comformity without using any hypocrisy *unlike those corporate \\"punk\\" bands today*, and it has cool sounds in it, especially the bridge part.<br />The guitars on Broken are perfect as well. They're equally rock and syntheseised. They roar over the keyboards. While it's seen as a big difference, it's not a complete surprise for everyone. Some guitar notes on \\"Last\\" resemble \\"Head Like A Hole\\" from PHM, but it's still great, and Trent's shouts turn out great.<br />\\"Pinion\\" is a cool-sounding intro, that starts out very quiet in volume despite a rather crunchy guitar riff, and the sound doesn't get louder until the last notes, part of which even fades into \\"Wish\\". Can't go wrong with that. Trent sings fast on this one, and it turns out awesome. It's a real angry song, so it's good for if you like that sort, as well as the rest of the album.<BR>\\"Help Me I Am In Hell\\" is an awesome interlude/whatever you call it. It sounds completely different from anything here, and kind of predicts the Downward Spiral/Fragile sounds on there.<BR>\\"Gave Up\\" is the depression-anger sort of track. It is as just about as good as the other ones.<br />The hidden ones, I applaud Trent for doing that. They don't quite hold up to the first tracks(while they're still great) and the \\"Physical (You're So)\\" cover isn't quite as New Wave as the original, but if you like most alternative music in general, you may like both versions. \\"Suck\\" is the rendition of the Pigface song he sung on being put on a NIN album. Haven't heard the Pigface version though. Cool intro though.<br />It doesn't really sound like any of the other albums from NIN, and if you like to hear crazy noise, you may like the overlooked Fixed remix album. But if you like that, you should check this one out.
B00005A1PR|5.0|Thanks so much for bringing talent back to the R&amp;B scene!  We have been waiting!<br />India's conscious lyrics are put to quality music.  I am so glad that she is creating music and can't wait till her next album.
0393057658|4.0|For years, baseball scouts and other game insiders used incomplete, often unscientific methods of evaluating young talent. They focused, for hitters, on batting average and intangibles such as \\"good swing\\" and \\"good baseball body.\\" In the 1980s, baseball fan and statistician Bill James and others like him began developing or relying on more scientific ways of assessing the true \\"value\\" of a player--such stats as on-base percentage, slugging percentage, and (later) win shares. This book details the evolution and implementation of some of these principles, particularly in the Oakland organization under the direction of GM Billy Beane, a former player who had all the intangibles of a great hitter but was a Major League bust. The story is gripping, and Lewis, without undue complication, explains the workings and significance of the new stats. Lewis is able to give his readers compelling details about Beane's business methods and negotiation strategies--secrets Beane probably should have kept secret, both to maintain a competitive advantage and to preserve more cordial relations around the league. May be of interest to even the casual baseball fan.
6301599411|2.0|Our ancestors did not need the help of aliens to build the pyramids or to build Machu Picchu.<br />Our ancestors (the Mayas, the Incas etc.) were good engineers. They had an advanced knowledge of hydrology, sustainable development, and structural design. None of this is mentioned in &quot;Chariots of the Gods&quot;.<br />A much better book on this subject is &quot;Machu Picchu: A Civil Engineering Marvel&quot;, by Kenneth R. Wright and Alfredo Valencia Zegarra.
B000068PQ0|4.0|Listening to the Flaming Lips almost a decade ago, one never would have thought that this album would have ever been created.  Evolving from &quot;Dont use Jelly&quot; to &quot;in the morning of magicians&quot; is mind blowing.  Nevertheless...The ambiotic flow of Yoshimi shows that these guys are getting older and much wiser.  Listening to this album on a trip to a special occasion will make that event much better, if you know what i mean.
B000001FRY|4.0|Boy shows no signs of the grandiose, global, 21st century U2. There are flashes of potential on this CD, but nothing suggested that U2 would become the internationally praised band we all know today. I bought the CD just for I Will Follow and The Electric Co., but the CD has a lot more to offer than just these two hits. Fans of U2 who've only heard them past the Unforgettable Fire are going to hear a VERY different band. As Bono once said, &quot;We all thought U2 was going to be a punk band.&quot;<br />And for the most part, that's exactly how they sound on Boy.<br />1 I Will Follow - This song is THE best punk song ever, except for maybe some of the Ramones' works. If your foot doesn't tap to the mesmerizing beat, you must've been amputated. Words alone cannot describe how good this song is. Screw this, I'm going to listen to it right now...  10/10<br />2 Twilight - a coming of age song that you won't be able to stand past a few listens  6/10<br />3 An Cat Dubh - not bad, a good rhythm, one of the underrated songs on Boy  7/10<br />4 Into the Heart - Booooooring  4/10<br />5 Out of Control - catchy, riveting, like a weaker version of I Will Follow  8/10<br />6 Stories for Boys - see 4<br />7 The Ocean - a nice, moody piece, but it's over in a minute and a half  6/10<br />8 A Day Without Me - Booya! A happy song about suicide, and a catchy, uplifting one to boot! Seriously though, as their first song ever recorded by Island, it is one hell of a good listen.<BR>9/10<br />9 Another Time Another Place - see 4<br />10 The Electric Co. - who knew a song about sawing off an arm could be so good? Still stands as one of U2's best heavy-charged rock songs. This version is as good as, if not better, than the live Electric Co. on Under a Blood Red Sky.  10/10<br />11  Shadows and Tall Trees - a moody piece that works, great title  7/10
0786867973|3.0|Just wanted to add my 2 cents to the other reviews here by showing which recipes worked for me and which didn't.  I had great luck with: butterscotch layer cake, rhubarb grunt, scones, rosemary loaf cake, baklava muffins, lemon syrup loaf, red currant clafouti.<BR>Not so great luck with: Granny Boyd's cookies--I think the shortbready texture is correct, but Nigella must be using a different type (or amount) of cocoa--you can't taste chocolate at all w/just 2 tablespoons. Supper Onion Pie just wasn't so hot when I tried it.<BR>Mixed: damp lemon-almond cake--it IS very buttery.  I found after it sat a day or 2 it tasted great--but it was way too buttery when it was still warm.  <BR>chocolate loaf cake--I was a little ho-hum on this one. <br />Overall, this cookbook is great to read and to look at.  Some of the recipes are great, and not all are difficult or time-consuming--I'm not sure why the one reviewer has such a bee in his/her bonnet about the \\"superwoman\\" aspect.  Duh, she doesn't SUGGEST you rush home from work and bake one of these things EVERY NIGHT.  Personally I find the author's approach very refreshing; she's upfront in each recipe about how hard or time-consuming it is, and some are very easy--the rhubarb grunt is so easy and SO good, and the same goes for Lily's scones.  However, I'm very annoyed that the publisher wasn't more careful with the American edition in testing recipes--I do think that amounts and types of ingredients are off in some cases.  Argh!
B000001FTQ|5.0|Origninally intended a \\"low-priced\\" 4-song collection, I was miffed about the fact that I would have to dish out about 3 bucks per song. Then I heard Bad and, well, who cares about what's on the rest of the CD. Yes, laugh it up, but in my extremely biased, 80's rock-influenced opinion, this is the BEST SONG EVER on a CD, studio recording or live. <br />1 Bad - Up there on U2's sonic pinnacle with \\"Where the Streets Have No Name\\" and \\"W/ or W/O U\\", but \\"Bad\\" slips through. Listen to it twice, and you'll see why this song has no equal. Some listeners sing along to the stratospheric vocals of Bono, some tap their feet to Larry Mullen Jr's drums, some srain to hear Edge's effervescent guitar. Like \\"One\\", this song evokes an incredibly array of emotions from the listener. But most likely, at the end of Bad, you'll realize your mouth's been open for the past eight minutes. Wish it were even longer.<BR>An easy 10/10<br />2 A Sort of Homecoming - OK, enough about Bad. This song should've been put in the leadoff spot, not right after the greatest song ever. It's rousing and catchy but, unlike Bad, not much of an improvement over the studio version.  8/10<br />3 Three Sunrises - an underrated song, as are many of U2's B-Sides, it doesn't have a sweeping melody to blow you away (like a certain other song) but it's simple and well-done  7/10<br />4 Love Comes Tumbling - a fabulous intro, but the rhythm drones on and on and on and on and on and on...  6/10
0385504209|1.0|A sluggish cryptology caper whose storyline I'll leave to others to summarize.<br />Author Brown is of the tour-guide school of novelisting, relentlessly filling us in on every reference and footnote. To be fair, he manages it more seamlessly than many others. It's also crying out to be filmed (which at last check shows no option snapped up, but that's for his agent to time).<br />On the run, our hero and his comely Sophie Marceau-style feisty companion find refuge with a Paris-based knight with a name to rival Tufton Beamish, Leigh Teabing.<br />Mysteriously reluctant to allow his guests more than a fleeting glimpse, on page 231 Sir L tantalizes them with the teaser that, \\"Da Vinci painted the true Grail, which I will show you momentarily.\\"<br />Honestly, it's one thing to have airline pilots taunt us with a brief bumping of tarmac before bouncing off again to Lord-knows where, but to have a man of supposed letters flub at this basic a level - and with a K of the Realm - just makes one despair.<br />Not much further on, Teabing credits some heavy-handed duplicity to his time with the \\"Oxford Theatre Club\\". This could well be the case, but considering how carefully Brown fashions LT as a bogus and pompous oaf, he's far more likely to pretend a link with OUDS.<br />No match for the double whammy of sloppy research and a tin ear, I handed this fairy tale to *my* R&eacute;my Lagaludec (another ludicrous nomen) with instructions that it be placed below stairs for the maids' amusement.<br />I've no idea how or if DVC reaches any workable conclusion. Perhaps one of les domestiques will post their own assessment.
B000001F3C|5.0|As their third album, War remain's one of U2's best works to date. The tracks, much like those on Boy, fit the title perfectly. Slow, moody pieces like Drowning Man, Surrender, and 40 set the table for the angry drums, blasting vocals, and lively guitar of SBS, Like a Song, The Refugee, and New Years Day. There are no bad songs on War, and the album is worth buying just for the first 3 tracks. A must buy for any U2 fan, and worth a purchase for anyone who enjoys edgy, politically charged rock.<br />1 SBS - one of their most recognized songs, and deservingly so, with captivating lyrics and a catchy rhythm. Halfway through, Edge comes through with a quick, memorable solo  10/10<br />2 Seconds - Great song, creepy lyrics (what's up with &quot;Soldier Girls&quot;?) 8/10<br />3 New Years Day - Like SBS, catchy, energetic, a U2 staple 10/10<br />4 Like a Song - very underrated, a no-nonsense simple song with simple lyrics and a simple beat, but overflowing with energy  8/10<br />5 Drowning Man - it may seem out of place, but it works  7/10<br />6 The Refugee - This was the first song that really caught my attention (I'd already heard SBS and NYD countless times), and the ending chant is still lodged in  memory (keeya-keeya, oh!)<BR>9/10<br />7 2 Hearts Beat as 1 - I love this song. It doesn't really have much to do with the political feel of the other tracks, but it's a great addition  9/10<br />8 Red Light - I still don't understand the weird vocals when  the song starts, and it doesn't help to set up the rest of the song, but the song works  7/10<br />9 Surrender - overrated, not because of the song, but the length. The song's just too long  7/10<br />10 40 - the evocative closer on so many U2 concerts, 40 is basically just Bono singing psalm 40, but it's more than that. His vocals soar to impossible heights, and the voices in the background give the song an uncanny spiritual feel. For another great version of song, check out the live 40 on Under a Blood Red Sky.
0060537639|4.0|Gavin Menzies book is fascinating reading. It is well written and worth reading which is why I gave it four stars. However, this book should be read more as fantasy or counterfactual history than as reality.<br />Menzies' methodology is flawed.  He assumes that any chart which predates Columbus and shows features of the new world before they were \\"discovered\\" by Europeans must be based on information obtained directly or indirectly from the Chinese. And in specific by the Chinese treasure fleet that was dispatched in1421 and returned in1423 AD. He is free to speculate freely about that voyage since all records of the trip were destroyed when China cut off contact with the outside world immediately after their return from that voyage. Starting with this initial hypothesis in each chapter he adds new speculation concerning what the treasure fleet may have discovered. The next chapter adds new speculation based on the assumption that everything in the previous chapters is correct.  The end result is a house of cards, and just as flimsy.<br />The Chinese may have reached America before Columbus.  In fact, there is ample evidence that a number of people were vaguely aware of the western hemisphere before Columbus. It has been proven by archaeology that the Vikings visited North America (Vineland). There is a strong possibility that the Basque fishermen had fishing camps off Newfoundland and other parts of the Canadian and New England coast in the 14th and 15th century. It is possible that the Irish and other also visited the New World before Columbus. Of course many of these travelers kept their charts and nautical knowledge secret. So an actual awareness of the Western Hemisphere did not become common knowledge until after Columbus' \\"Discovery.  But the point is there are plenty off other candidates that could be the source of pre-Columbian knowledge of the New World that appears the early charts that Menzies relies on for his hypothesis.<br />Future research may provethat the Chinese sailors traveled further than anyone ever imagined. (Just as it may prove that other early sailors traveled further that recent historians thought possible.) However, as I indicated at the beginning; this book should be read more for fun than scholarship.
B00005OM4N|1.0|Well at least I  can say Britney's true personality came out in this recording.  Spears is a brat that can't even say &quot;Hi&quot; to her fans who think the world of her (remember the crowd of young pre-teen girls in the UK that Britney snubbed?).<br />For a singer with such a self-proclaimed &quot;protective&quot; parent, it amazes me that Britney could come out on stage in such outfits, with songs like &quot;I'm a Slave 4U&quot;, a song with no musical quality and lyrics that are trampy at best.<br />Spears tops off her brattyness with &quot;I'm not a Girl, Not Yet A Woman&quot;.  Supposedly its about a girl coming of age.  But in Britney's clearly immature view of the world, the lyrics are implying 'leave me a lone to do what I want I don't care what you think: just leave me your credit cards and bail me out when I can't take the pressure anymore'.<br />Better luck next time Britney, as clearly your career is going the way of your failed New York restaurant 'NYLA'.
B000099T2L|3.0|There was nothing special about this CD if you like music.  Yes there are catchy songs like Dangerously in Love, but nothing on this CD lives up to the potential of the voice of Beyonce Knowles.  To sum up the CD in one word, utterly commercial, if that's what you like then bump this if not, get something else.
B00005JM09|5.0|T2 was totally off mark when it comes to the terminator series, Ahnold is an action star not a drama actor. This movies starts strong and stays that way all the way through the end. The fx were great as the action sequences. James Cameron tried to add too much to the second terminator, yanking it from its roots as an action flik; im glad he didnt direct this terminator and glad terminator returned to its roots
0679759328|4.0|Hotel Du Lac is a treat. It reminded me of Katherine Anne Porter's Ship of Fools, but with a hotel setting rather than a ship setting, because of the wonderfully drawn characters who come together in this hotel. I was intrigued with Edith's banishment to the Hotel Du Lac by her friends. What could she possibly have done? The setting is superb in its grayness. It feels cozy to me- the walks around the lake, tea drinking. Edith is an old soul, though only 39 years old, and is so likable. She's generous and thoughtful, and she learns a great deal about herself while at the hotel. We should all banish ourselves away somewhere when we are troubled!<br />I loved the ending; I was so fearful it would go one way, and was grateful that it didn't. I can't wait to read more of Brookner, and am so grateful to have found her. She writes cleanly, with precision, and with beautiful word choices. She rates right up there with the best writers of women's fiction (with Kate Chopin, Katherine Ann Porter, Edith Wharton, especially). Highly recommended!
B00008DDXL|5.0|Harry Potter fans all around the world have waited a very long time for the series' movies to be made, and it was so worth the wait! <BR>Even though the DVD was fairly expensive, I am really glad I spent the extra money. Not only did it come with just the movie, but an extra DVD for special features. The actors acted out the characters exactly like I imagined they would be from the book, the diction of the actors was incredible and the image clarity of the movie was outstanding. The only part of the movie I did not like was with the spiders since I have an extreme fear of them, but the rest of the movie was just like I imagined it.<BR>In this movie, Fred, George and Ron rescue Harry after he is being starved at the Dursley's house. Harry was locked up because Dobby came to tell Harry not to go back to Hogwarts, and that terrible things were about to happen. Harry is taken to the Weasley's where he has a bad experience with Floo Powder, meets his new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher and goes to the train station to meet the Hogwarts express. The only problem is, when Harry and Ron try to go to Platform 9 3/4, it was closed. They have to fly to Hogwarts in Ron's dad's car, risking expulsion from school. During the year, Harry starts hearing voices that no one else cannot. There are also strange events in which students, and an animal, were petrified, and no one knows why. Harry, Ron and Hermione set out to find why Harry is hearing voices, why these strange events are taking place and what exactly the Chamber of Secrets holds.<BR>This was a movie that I will continue to watch for a long time, because I love the Harry Potter books so much. No cost was spared with making these movies, and it shows in the quality of the movie. I loved the \\"Sorceror's Stone\\", but I love \\"Chamber of Secrets\\" even better!!
B00005R2M3|5.0|My initial impression BEFORE listening to \\"Laundry Service was \\"here we go..yet another girl pop singer to go with Britney, J. Lo, Ashanti, Beyonce, Christina Aguilera etc. etc. etc.  and the rest\\". Don't believe first impressions. I watched her \\"Unplugged\\" DVD which is in Spanish (I don't speak it) and was really impressed by her abilities as a performer. Then I heard this CD. Shakira absolutely leaves those other girls for dead in the talent realm. I have heard this album over and over and the thing that strikes me most is the diversity of styles and influences that abound on this album. I'm surprised no one else has mentioned  the nod to The B52's \\"Rock Lobster\\" during the guitar break in \\"Objection (Tango)\\". The opening to \\"Poem To A Horse\\" reminds me of U2's \\"Sunday Bloody Sunday\\". How cool. The other tracks particularly \\"Fool\\", \\"Underneath Your Clothes\\", \\"The One\\" and the Spanish language tracks are all quite good. The lady obviously is careful with her image and it's refreshing to see such an attractive female performer as Shakira NOT flashing bare body parts in her videos, something her contempories are guilty of as an apparent distraction from any lack of quality in the songs portrayed.  She also had the good sense to NOT turn the clip to \\"The One\\" into an entry to a wet t-shirt competition. If you've seen the clip you'll know what I mean. The serious, talented girls like Shakira, Norah Jones and Australia's Delta Goodrem will concentrate on the music and not the image because that's what's important. If you want to determine the song's quality, listen with your ears, not your eyes.   I recommend \\"Laundry Service\\" heartily as an enjoyable album to listen to, something I can't say about the recent boring efforts of her \\"R&B\\" contempories.
B00008OWZC|4.0|HOW THE WEST WAS WON is an intriguing bit of live work from Led Zeppelin that, for more than 20 years, didn't have a live album representative of them. Has that changed? Not quite. Zeppelin played better shows than this one. Does Mr. Page and Mr. Plant remember the epic multi-night Earl's Court performances or something at all from 1977? But does that mean that there is likely to be a better official live album from this group? Not really. Unless Mr. Page and Mr. Plant decide to follow Phish and the Grateful Dead and release a \\"what you hear is what you get\\" multi-volume series, that is.<br />This show is a composite of the June 25 and June 27 performances (played in Los Angeles and Long Beach), although nobody but a serious Zeppelin bootleg fan would be able to tell due to Page's fabulous editing. The show from the 25th gives us excellent interpretations of <BR>\\"Stairway,\\" \\"Heartbreaker,\\" \\"Rock & Roll,\\" and one of the best versions of \\"Immigrant Song\\" they ever played. The acoustic songs are played and recorded very well, with Page's acoustic coming out extremely clearly. In terms of strength, the 25th is noticeably the better of the two. That's pretty maddening. I mean, Jimmy Page must have developed an ear over the past forty years to know this fact, so why not release that single show? Probably because once Zeppelin fans found out that there was another performance in the vault, they would clamor for more so this job was a \\"vault-clearing\\" exercise. A good business deal perhaps, but in the long run, it leaves devoted fans somewhat disappointed.  <br />From the 27th comes \\"Dazed & Confused,\\" \\"Whole Lotta Love medley,\\" \\"Black Dog,\\" and others. These performances are rather subpar, with the exception of perhaps \\"Moby Dick\\" & \\"Bring it on Home.\\" \\"Dazed\\" and the medley have their moments, but have some noticeable mistakes and Page often sounds uninspired. In \\"Black Dog,\\" there are numerous faults in the venue sound system. <br />But in light of the strengths of thisset, those are petty comments. To the Zeppelin fan with a non-musical ear, this is a mighty crowd-pleaser, just like the original performance 31 years ago. <br />P.S. People like The Cranky Reviewer should think about coming out from his parents' basement once in a while. Duran Duran had some decent songs, but even thinking about comparing Zeppelin's organic spontaneity in concert with an act that had to slavishly replicate album versions of their songs to follow a preprogrammed, computer-generated light show just makes him enemies, not friends.
B000066HHK|4.0|If your a little bourd of HT, then get this EP cuz its got some great songs. I think u should also look up some of the other versions of these songs like Carousel DEMO and High voltage REMIX(but there is actually 2 remixes of HV, the first was not really released and the other is on Reanimation, but i think the first one was the best out of all 3 versions!).
0452279488|4.0|Divorced, intelligent, and lovely, Helen MacFarquhar moves back to her childhood home, Pequot, with her 11 year old daughter Emily. Here in this small Connecticut town by the sea, populated primarily by middle-class intellectuals working at a nearby university, Helen opens a bookstore, Horatio Street Books. She is adept at seducing customers into buying \\"just the right volume,\\" knowing they will enjoy the book, as well as her attention, and return for more of both.<br />One glorious morning in early summer, Helen discovers a cryptic love letter mixed in with her regular mail. The intensely personal missive is addressed to \\"Goat\\" from \\"Ram.\\" Initially Helen is fascinated. She searches for the envelope, and potential clues to the author's identity amidst the trash, but cannot find anything. She eventually becomes obsessed with the letter's lines and sentiment, as she reads and rereads it. Who are Goat and Ram? Is the mysterious letter meant for her, or was it dropped in her store by mistake? Who wrote it? Who is the intended recipient?<br />All who enter the bookstore, and some who don't, are suspect. The mystery remains unsolved throughout the summer, but never far from Helen's thoughts. It is a summer of change. Emily is away at camp for the first time. Helen is alone also, for the first time since Emily's birth. Although she misses her daughter, she is happy in her solitude. Then her mother and grandmother come for an extended visit. And Helen begins a love affair with 20 year old Johnny, a college student working at the bookshop for the summer.<br />Their relationship captures the passion of their bodies, and the intimate connection between their minds and emotions. Readers will find themselves seduced into believing in this unlikely duo. Cathleen Schine's writing is sharp and witty as she follows the rapid workings of Helen's mind. The dialogue is believable, and frequently original, as are the characters. The novel is a delight, and the descriptions of books and details of running a bookstore are a plus - as is the surprise ending.d details of running a bookstore are a plus - as is the surprise ending.
B000092ZYX|5.0|Rocks greatest mainstream band releases another amazing album. While HTTT is not Radiohead's best it is still the best album released this year.<br />&quot;There There&quot;, the albums first single is among Radiohead's greatest work. &quot;2+2=5&quot;, &quot;Backdrifts&quot;, and &quot;Go To Sleep&quot; are all great as well.<br />Now this is not an album you can expect to jump into. Like all Radiohead albums they take time to grow on you. As all great music does.<br />Weather your a Radiohead fan or n00b HTTT is a great album.
B00000IQV7|5.0|I won't go into a full review of the movie. I think it'll suffice to say that I don't let a month go by without catching some snips of it over again even if I don't watch the whole movie every time.<br />What has incited me to add my two pence here is a comment from one of the earlier reviewers (David Von Pein) -<br />&gt;&gt; And the final nail in the coffin is the last scene, during which we get to witness Patch's bare hind quarters during graduation festivities! Why, oh why, would anyone do such a vulgar thing! Even the unorthodox Mr. Adams!! (Somebody, PLEASE tell me the real Patch didn't do this in this thing we refer to as &quot;real life&quot;!) &lt;&lt;<br />I run a humor discussion list and had the good fortune of having a Health Humorist on my list who was a part of a delegation that visited China along with Dr Patch Adams. Naturally I asked her about her recollections of the trip and here's a paragraph that might of interest to David. :-)<br />&quot;I don't recall him doing too many really silly things.  I do, however recall that he and some of the other clowns mooned from atop the Great Wall.  As you may know, he is known for his 'mooning' in the darnest places.  For instance, at a convention of the AATH.&quot;<br />Oops. Did that Pain ? Don't look at 'The Dark Side of the Moon' and it Von' Pein for too long David ! ;-)
0385504209|5.0|Wonderful. Dan Brown is almost as good as Grisham.
B000063K2W|5.0|Yes, this most overblown film of the 30s couldn't convey the feeling of the period to you any better if it were injected into your vein. It's everything - dialogue, fun, emotions, posh clothes and beautiful women - 135 of them, if the trailer is to be belived. The fashion show sequence in Technicolor is an absolute delight, even though the fashions are a bit overblown as well. The DVD quality is top, and there are some interesting and well presented extras. By the way: none of the reviewers note the apperance of Virginia Gray, one of the most beautiful women in the films of the period, scarcely to be seen nowadays. She is wearing a rather heavy and stange hairdo, but I trust it is because she has scenes with Joan Crawford, who probably never allowed a more beautiful younger woman to appear in the same frame with her, let alone steal it.
B00005JM09|5.0|FIRST THINGS FIRST. YES, THIS MOVIE WAS MADE BECAUSE ARNOLD'S CAREER HAS BEEN IN THE DUMPS LATELY AND THIS IS A GUARENTEED MONEY MAKER SURE TO PICK HIS CAREER BACK UP. HAVING SAID THAT, HOWEVER, LET ME ALSO SAY THAT THIS IS A SOLID MOVIE.  JAMES CAMERON IS NOT HERE NOR IS LINDA HAMILTON AND THEY ARE NOT NEEDED, ALL WE REALLY NEEDED WAS ARNOLD AND HE DELIVERED THE GOODS. WHEN HE STEALS THE CLOTHES AND PUTS ON THE SHADES MY WIFE AND I COULDN'T HELP BUT SMILE BECAUSE WE KNEW WE WERE IN FOR A GREAT MOVIE AND THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT IT IS.  THERE HAVE BEEN A LOT OF PEOPLE CALLING THIS A \\"SPECIAL EFFECTS\\" \\"POPCORN MOVIE\\" BUT IT WAS MUCH MORE THAN THAT. IT PICKS UP THE STORY BEGUN IN THE PREVIOUS FILMS AND CONTINUES IT FLAWLESSLY, LIFTING IT WAY OUT OF THE REALM OF THAT GENRE. IF IT'S A \\"SPECIAL F/X\\" \\"POPCORN MOVIE\\" YOU WANT, SEE \\"THE HULK.\\" THAT'S ALL IT WAS, NO STORY, JUST F/X. AND THEY WEREN'T THAT SPECIAL EITHER. BUT IF YOU WANT GREAT F/X, SOLID PERFORMANCES BY EVERYONE INVOLVED AND A SOLID WELL TOLD STORY, T-3 IS YOUR MOVIE. ARNOLD SAID HE'D BE BACK IN 1984 WHEN THIS STORY FIRST BEGAN AND HE IS, IN A BIG WAY. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS MOVIE.
B000099T2L|5.0|With her debute solo cd, Beyonce is prooving the world that with or without her Destiny's Child mates, she's one heck of an artist.<BR>It begins with 'Crazy In Love'. We all Know this song - great beat and a great seconf collaboration af Beyonce and Jay Z make this song the hit of the summer (if not the whole year...). <BR>every song after this is great on it's own: 'Naughty Girl', 'Baby Boy' (with Sean Paul), 'Signs' (feat. Missy Elliott), 'Be With You', 'Yes' and alot more of great songs, and I even dare to call some of them AMAZING songs.<BR>my favorite song in the cd is 'Speechless'. I can't even describe how good it is, you have to hear it to understand how great it is.....<br />the final note is short: buy the cd. it's one of the best albums to come out in the recent years, and defintly the best album of the year. it's a must have, period.
B000069HK2|5.0|k i wanna give this cd more than 5 stars! its not fair! i just gotta say that i can listen to Blue and Yellow for the rest of my life. but then again i love to listen to all of The Used's songs. my mom thinks i'm crazy for being hooked on Bert's screaming. o well i dont care because it sounds awesome. i dont think The Used are over-rated, i think they deserve a lot of credit and success. i cant wait to hear more music by them!
B00008DDXL|4.0|I am a huge Harry Potter fan, and I felt that this movie improved drastically over the first.  Somehow, it managed to keep to the book while branching out juuust enough for it to not clunk along.  This movie ends up being tighter and easier to follow for those who have not read the book.<br />I would have given this movie 3 and a half stars if I could.  This is because I had some little nit-picks.  For example, many of the lines that were originally Ron's in the book were spoken by Hermione, making her seem like the flawless know-it-all and Ron like the dull and dumb sidekick.  Also, Ginny was almost a complete absence from the movie, making it a total throw off the track when it was her opening the Chamber of Secrets for those who haven't seen the movie; in the book you can go back for all of the little clues.  There were also some deleted scenes, like the Valentine, that I was upset about.<br />Despite those, however, I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Some of the inserted lines (follow the butterflies!) made me laugh out loud.  Kenneth Branagh was hilarious as Lockhart, Jason Isaacs was perfectly evil as Lucius, and Rupert Grint was great.  The DVD features include deleted scenes, and they are much easier to get to!  Overall, this is one of my favourite movies.
B000092Q7O|4.0|The movie is bracketed with the first and last scenes the same--the pianist is playing a beautiful classical piece on Polish radio. In between the scenes is the destruction of the Warsaw Jewish community.<br />Partly a 'normal', if that word can ever be applied to WW2, holocaust story with the associated emotions:<br />how can the participants in such horror ever get their just due?<br />why did the Jews go as sheep to the slaughter and not fight until the end?<br />an emotional 'never again' and 'i'd rather die fighting'<br />but after all these emotions pass, as they do in the numerous other Holocaust movies this has several other things to recommend it....<br />first the stark graphics, several times you feel it is is black and white, strongly presented, the scenes of destruction and abandonment. street with dead and suitcases, blocks of destroyed buildings.<br />but the last message is the one with him in the building attic when the German officer catches him. it is a most moving depiction of the randomness, the nonsense, the inability of man to control his own destiny despite his enormous desire and struggle to do so. Not just the Jewish but the German as well. He died 7 years later in a Russian gulag camp. A victim nonetheless but a willing one cooperating in his destruction by following and working for the Nazis. but in a way as undeserving of the fate that awaited him.<br />Are we all victims of fate? moved by forces that mangle, destroy, crush us? the pianist is a struggling man, not a hero, but an antihero, he lives simply by dumb luck, held together by the music in his head, motivated by human needs just to survive.<br />the authors of the movie seem to say that the randomness overcomes all. something more must emerge from the Holocaust, something more heroic, something more struggling to do good in the midst of great evil. but this movie shows only the banality of survival.<br />but it is a good movie, not to be missed.
B000002AZ8|4.0|On their third effort Pearl Jam shows that they aren't going to do what anyone expects, and they really don't care if you like it or not. Vitalogy ditches a grunge sound that was about to die anyway and moves in a new \\"Vedder driven\\" direction. <br />Better Man stands as the record's only radio hit and with good reason; it's the best song on the album. However, Vitalogy is a much deeper album than it's lone hit single. Tracks like Last Exit, Spin The Black Circle, and Not For You are every bit as intense as Evenflow or Animal, while Nothingman and Immortality show Vedder's talent for low-key ballads.  Tunes such as Bugs, Pry To, Satan's Bed and it's closing track often scare people away from this albums, but Corduroy, Tremor Christ, and the others mentioned make this album far superior to its mainstream response.<br />Vitalogy album most closely reminds me of Led Zeppelin's third album; a misunderstood album who's greatness is not fully realized until years later.
B000088E6D|5.0|For the past few years there has been a number of female (pop/jazz) singers that have hit the scene, such as Dina Krall, Jane Monheit, Casandra Wilson and Norah Jones but really no male singers. At long last you can now put away your Tonny Bennet, Bobby Darin, Frank Sinatra, Mel Torme recordings. This is a break out CD for Micheal Buble'who is bond to be a force in pop/jazz singing for years to come. He swings like Bobby Darin and croons like Sinatra, but yet he has enough of his own style and sound in that he is not just trying to copying them.<br />He along with Peter Cincotti are two new exciting male singers who are &quot;musts&quot; to have in your CD collection. I rate this a a strong 5 star rating.
B0000028UK|4.0|To most listens Vs.'s biggest flaw is that there is no Jeremy, and those listeners are right...there is certainly no Jeremy. However, very few bands get more than one Jeremy, but that doesn't mean that Vs. is not a great album. To many real Pearl Jam fans this is their favorite album and with good reason.<br />The opening two tracks, Go and Animal, blaze a fire without an equal, then the albums takes a brake with radio and consumer friendly Daughter. On Gloried G, Vedder offers his thoughts on guns before getting to arguable Vs. best track. Dissident showcases what Pearl Jam does best: a soulful, mid-tempo song with plenty of guitar (very reminiscent of Alive). Later track like Blood and Leash return to the speed and intensity of the opening songs, while Elderly Woman...once again demonstrates Pearl Jam's ballad brilliance and Rearviewmirror is genius. Vedder and Company also experiment a little on tracks like W.M.A. and Rats before closing out with a number that doesn't describe Vedder at all, Indifference.<br />Vs. despite probably being Pearl Jam's second best selling record, is probably their most underrated. As time goes on Vs. will be known as the \\"Daughter Album,\\" but it is much more than that. It stands as Pearl Jam's last real attempt at satisfying the mainstream fans (and their record company, I'm sure).
B000096H33|3.0|I guess it's an artist's right to return to his most famous work and attempt to improve on it. I certainly do not wish to presume to tell Mike Oldfield what he should be doing artistically, but lately his work has been very uninspired. Voyager was the last cd he produced that was truely a great piece of work, and Tubular Bells II was a beautiful and worthy follow-up to the original. I wish Mike would release the dvd of the live Tubular Bells II concert at Edinburgh Castle for the U.S. market. It's a fabulous concert video. The say it takes two artists to paint a picture. One to paint it, and the other to tell him when it's done. Mike, TB was done in 1973. For all of it's electronic innovations of that time, it never lost it's immediacy or warmth. It was a brilliant statement of how pop/rock and folk music could exceed their boundries, and still keep the essence of what makes all three genres exciting and moving. I still believe Mike has the talent to produce great work. I'm giving this cd 3 stars because the original material is so good. My hope is that Mike will realize that his masterworks are complete as they are, and that it is time to move on to new things. Buy it and compare it yourself. It's well worth the money, and you may like it better than the original. Me, I'm still waiting for some inspired new music from Mike Oldfield.
B00006V9A0|3.0|I was disappointed in this CD more by what was NOT included then the actual CD itself.  The CD was held up, for what seemed like forever, in a court case between Courtney Love and the remaining members of Nirvana.  The goal was to settle the creative rights to all Kurt Cobain's unreleased and unfinished works.<br />So knowing that was the issue that was holding up the release of the CD, I really thought there would be more tracks included that the public had never had the opportunity to hear.<br />Again, the CD is terrific; Nirvana was one of the most influential bands of the 90's and inspired a whole new style of music.  Unfortunately, Nirvana's candle just died a little too soon and they never released enough work to constitute a greatest hits CD that would qualify as a NEED TO OWN.  If you own 'Nevermind' and 'In Utero' you would probably be just as happy with that.<br />When all is said and done, just one new track, when I know that there is a TON of work that could have been included, is not going to make me run out and make sure I have a copy of this.
B00005YW4H|5.0|I first heard of Norah Jones when i was at Borders and i saw an ad for her. I didn't give too much thought to it. But a while later, i was listening to a talk show, and they were raving about her. There must be something cool about her,i thought, so i bought the CD. That was the best decision i've ever made.<br />I was really impressed by her first single 'I Don't Know Why', but as i listened to the whole CD, i became more and more astonished by her talent. Not only can she play a mean jazzy peice, but her voice is lovely. She doesn't pretend to be anybody, she's not trying to 'make it' on the pop scene by dancing or fancy videos or sound effects. She's just singing how and what she knows, and the result is a beautiful album.<br />The songs that she sings are very meaningful, mostly love songs, but they offer a different side of the love song that we all know so well. She doesn't sing about his 'bod' or anthing, she just sings about the true love she has for him in her heart. <br />This is a piece of work, fresh and true.
B00005JKNF|2.0|If every second review you read, praises 'Gosford Park' to high heavens, and you have a liking for mystery movies, then it would be a herculian task to resist watching the movie. I, for one, could not resist, and so, sat down, with very high expectations, and pressed 'Play'. <BR>Oh yes, the movie starts with a good atmosphere. Rainy England, large mansion, Rolls Royce, Maggie Smith...all very impressive. But alas, there were other scenes in the movie as well!<BR>A seemingly good start is hardly enough to make you sit through this long torcher. <BR>Why a torcher you ask? Well, there are several reasons.<BR>Too many characters- which of the 643 did it?!?!?!? The film is too long and very, very slow. Nothing really happens. Some may protest saying, 'the plot develops- the relationships are revealed', well, then, the whole thing is done in an extremely uninteresting way. If it weren't for the marvellous thing called 'will power', one would easily have used 'Gosford Park' as a good ecuse for a short sleep.<BR>The characters, so many of them, are not introduced well. One can hardly familiarise with the names and the corresponding faces. This, too, stems from having too many characters.<BR>All this apart, the film did have one good aspect- that of Maggie Smith. Constance (her character) will make you laugh. Her proud humour and wit are entertaining.<BR>Altogether, 'Gosford Park', for me, was not worth watching.
B000066NW0|4.0|I have alot of fun with this album. I love to listen to it while driving. She has come up with a unique combination of crunchy guitars with her true vocal style. Avril presents a different side of pop music, with her Sk8ter Boi image, and i love it! This album has many different variations of her style. Her first single: &quot;Complicated&quot; presents a more poppy urban sound, while &quot;Sk8ter Boi&quot; and &quot;Losing Grip&quot; are harder, rockier songs. But Rock isn't all Avril is good at. Her ballad &quot;I'm with You&quot; keeps up with her Skater image, but at the same time it has a softer tone to it. My only problem with this album are her lyrics. I think that with her talent she could have come up with some deeper meanings. But thats not to say that i don't love her as it is. She has a great style and i'm going to keep this one in my cd player for a long time.
B000092ZYY|4.0|No before you jump on my back about only getting 4 when it deserves 5, please allow me to explain. Now this is my first radiohead album I have either listened or owned. I would have to agree with everyone else that it takes a lot of time to listen to, and I have been trying that. Some of the tracks, are simply crazy; the sounds in the background, the lyrics, they all come together at parts. But I think a 5 translates to perfection, and I don't think its a perfect. For one thing, I simply don't understand we suck Young Blood. Another problem is I don't get the metaphors. Maybe its my age and being only 17, but I'm pretty smart and I just don't grasp some of the things being thrown at me. Could it simply be my musical \\"maturity\\"? Perhaps.  But in any case, its a very unique CD and its worth listening to.
0060005424|5.0|This is the sort of book you can read over and over again.  In my opinion it is the best in the series.  Lirael is the best character I have come across.
B000089CJI|5.0|I heard these guys on KEXP, and listened to Benjamin Gibard do a great acoustic version of They Don't KNow About Us and I had to own it.  This album is a great mix of synth pop, slightly melancholy lyrics and dorky rythms.  I loved it.
B00005UKE0|5.0|For the last 22 years, &quot;All things must pass&quot; has been my all-time favourite album - and I am quite sure it will hold this place for the rest of my life. The music is undescribably beautiful and full of inspirations. If you like the Beatles, if you like soft Pop/Rock music  - please buy this album. I promise you wont regret it. By the way, many rate &quot;All things must pass&quot; as the best solo album any of the Beatles ever recorded. Bless you, George!
B00005V3Z4|5.0|Putting aside the eye candy of the last few years, Donnie Darko is truly the first 21st Century cinema. While Lucas bombards us with meaningless action sequence after action sequence, and the Matrix bombards us with meaningless karate chop after karate chop, director Richard Kelly bombards us with meaning... Like the dozens of unnoticed classics that have come before it, Donnie Darko is likely to stand out from the crowd decades from now. With the benefit of hindsite, we'll wonder why they dind't give Jake Gyllenhaal an oscar for his performance. It's up there with Malcom McDowell in A Clockwork Orange (and I'm astonished he didn't get an oscar for that, too...)
B00006G8O1|3.0|It really wasn`t that special! Maybe if you`re a bit naive, a bit immature then perhaps you might find this film thought-provoking in a rebellious kind of way. I really can`t see many experienced adult movie-goers being the least bit interested in this film. There were so many cliches, so much that is typical of Hollywood and american high-school films in general. <br />Right from the beginning you had Donnie and his family sat round the dinner table exchanging obscenities. This along with Donnie`s badly portrayed apathetic demeanor throughout the film really made it difficult for me to care about what the point of the storyline was, if there was one at all. If only Donnie could`ve been a little more normal and not tried so hard to be cool at all times, then I think I might of liked him more. He was just such a excruciatingly arrogant, pretentious know-all, something that he tried to bring to our attention as much as possible during the film. Really we`ve seen countless flicks of flawed and highly eccentic high-school geniuses, where the lead is head and shoulders above eveyone else in terms of intellectual capabilities, although he/she are far too smart to put them to good use of course!
B00004Z459|5.0|This was and still is a great cd. I love every song on it. Linkin Park is a HOT group.I totally LOVE them!!!!!!!!!To me they are the best. Their mix of rap and rock is really awesome and they have a really unique style in music.Hybrid Theory is their best album to me so far and it's amazing because it was their first.When I first heard Linkin Park's music they became my favorite group.When they first came out they were on top and they still dominate.Here's how I rate each song on HT:<br />1.PAPERCUT:8/10 Great song to start the cd.<br />2.ONE STEP CLOSER:7/10 Not one of my favorites but i like it.<br />3.WITH YOU:10/10 I love this song . It is so sweet and it has an awesome beat. I also love the lyrics. <br />4.POINTS of AUTHORITY:7/10 Again ,not one of my favorites but good.<br />5.CRAWLING:10/10 One of their best songs and you can feel the energy that Chester puts into it.You can feel what he's saying in the song.<br />6.RUNAWAY:9/10 I love this song. I love how it starts and its just great.<br />7.BY MYSELF:8/10 I love this song and I think it's really good and it has a lot of energy.<br />8.IN THE END:10/10 This is one of my favorites.I also love the lyrics cause they're so true.I love the down and sad feeling you get when you hear <br />9.A PLACE FOR MY HEAD:8/10 Another great song.<br />10.FORGOTTEN:10/10:My favorite song on the album.I just LOVE everything about it,the lyrics and most of all, the beat. It also gives you a down feeling.LP made this real hot song.I love the way Chester ends it.<br />11.CURE FOR the ITCH:10/10 This is the best instrumental song I've ever heard.LP has the greatest beats.I just love everything about it.<br />12.PUSHING ME AWAY 9/10:Great song to end the cd.I love the beat and it's just an awesome song.<BR> <br />Hybrid Theory is the best cd I have and I feel that Linkin Park puts a lot of unique elements into their music that I haven't seen anywhere.The different but unique and amazing elements they put into their makes them whatthey are.I have all three of their albums and with Reanimation and Meteora ,I feel that they've  cause they dominate. done it again.There's no stoppin'them
B000001FS3|5.0|I don't sit down listen to albums straight though and I don't like most music reviews but occasionally a great album comes along and demands notice. My `review' is simple: The Joshua Tree is nearly perfect, every track. A must-have for every music lover.
0385504209|1.0|This is only a beach read summer best-seller at best. Brown takes on the Catholic Church's right-wing Opus Dei movement, and a second group that is a little known pseudo-descendent of the Knights Templar movement and tosses in some art history and symbol analysis for good measure.<br />But it's all lightweight, just on the top.  He touches lightly  on the subject of the Opus Dei, and hints that I.M. Pei's puramid designs for the Louvre are tied into ancient goddess symbols. But he pulls his punches each time. and we're left what seems like a shooting script for a not-very-cerebral car-crash movie.<br />Yes, the Opus Dei is real, and yes, ``The Work,'' as the group is known, probably has sinister intentions. But Brown failed to give us enough. It's &quot;expos&eacute; lite&quot;, fit for not much more than a lazy August day at the beach.
0783235607|5.0|Wow. This is the best made horror film I've ever seen. It's really entertaining and it doesn't rely on blood and gore effects to keep us satisfied (which wouldn't satisfy me anyway). <BR>This relies on characters, storyline and a mystery that, if we lived back in 1960 and were seeing this for the first time, we wouldn't have a clue about. Anthony Perkins was meant for the part of Norman Bates. I fell in love with Janet Leigh and Vera Miles in their roles! Hitchock's direction is so different and interesting, it made the movie even more scary. When the detective is killed, mother coming around the corner and stabbing him was a shot filled with ingenuity. I'd give this a hundred stars if I could! Magnificent!
B00009P1MP|1.0|Nice CD in this reissue, but beware--the packaging is just a cardboard sleeve!  Not a digipack which at least has a plastic tray, but just a VERY CHEAP-looking cardboard sleeve.  Mine was already bent when I opened it.  And I'm sure the CD itself will get scratched in time without extreme care in taking it in and out of the sleeve.  Capitol Records should be ashamed of this shoddy product.
B00005B36H|5.0|Now, I can completely see why those of you would say that Aenima was better. Though I do disagree. Lateralus, for me at least, had something it didn't.<br />I don't look at this CD as a time passing audio disc. I look at it as inspiration to find my spiritual and psychological medium.<br />This was a piece of art. I thank them for restoring artistic vision to music.
0062502182|4.0|When I saw the back flap of this book, I was attracted almost instantaneously. Being a conservative book reader, it was not easy to attract me to modern age authors and a foreign one at that!  Well, I had considerable hopes for this book once I started flipping through its pages. It talks about a shepherd whose only intent in life was to be content with what he knows and what he does in life and is downright satisfied when all he needed to know was that he had utter control of his life, Life, however had different plans for him. He was lead on to seek out his personal legend, and then follows his journey of reaching that end.  It is a light read book, interesting enough to let you keep reading page after page, and I have to confess that the end of this book, my face was coaxed into breaking out in gleeful grin.  It's not an amazing book, but it's a book worthy enough to fill that space inside your heart that you never use.
B00005YW4H|1.0|she's nice, pleasant but I honestly don't get what all the fuss is about...she had one good song.....
0060977264|3.0|After reading the Alchemist, I was ready to sit down and enjoy my second Paulo Coelho book. and sure enough, the start of this story drew me in like a moth to a flame. One thing I like about Coelho is his poetical wisdom, the way he makes the words dance and the way he dances with those words. It is a rare sight to see.<BR>Reason I gave this book 3 stars was that by the middle of this book, it began delving deeply into a very religous book, which wasn't really introduced prominently through the flaps or the editorial. I would caution those who are not used to reading religous books that there is such a content that you should be aware of, but if you have no bias against religion, I believe it will be a welcome sign posted in front of you.<BR>I believe it is more of a religous story than a love story, it just tittered and tottered between the story. Yet, still, it was a fine piece of book to read.
B000002BQK|4.0|Long Story Short:Mariah divorced Tommy,Mariah wrote about it, making her most creative&personal album to date.Sure,a lot of her albums(before&later)may have the same exact concept,but this album actually showcases her TRUE feelings outside of love.Ms.Carey also explores a new genre:R&B/Hip-Hop.And,suprisingly,she does it almost greatly,two showcases of that being \\"Breakdown(featuring Krayzie Bone and Wish Bone)\\" and \\"The Roof\\" taking samples from \\"Shook Ones\\" by Q-Tip.And,like I said,she showcases her true feelings,one back-up of that being the highlight of the album \\"Close My Eyes\\",talking about her childhood and her past.The song shows you that she is a true songwriter and makes you respect her more than you ever have.Aside from the album being about one concept Mariah always does,and doing too much sampling,this is a good effort from Mariah and you should really give it a chance.
B000000H42|5.0|Before metal turned into speed, anger, and insanity, there were bands who had singers who sang(and with vocal range),guitarists who could play cool riffs,and drummers who could play heavy grooves without double bass thunder. This album came out at the same time that \\"extreme\\" metal was taking flight, but it retains what I feel that thrash and death metal lost in an effort to kick it up a notch....that being the elements of early Maiden and Priest, the ability to make kick[ing] rock music.I would put this album up there with Sabbath's \\"MASTER OF REALITY\\", Priest's \\"STAINED CLASS\\" and Maiden's \\"NUMBER OF THE BEAST\\" as essential metal.I've heard that King Diamond's voice bothers some people,I don't see why because it fits the music perfectly. His vocal ability coupled with the dark lyrics create a cool eerieness and the tempo changes in the music is something that(for me),good metal should have. I've heard some of what's called Progressive Metal now, and the singers [are bad], the players create no tension with their playing, it just seems BLAH! I listen to all different kinds of music now that I'm older but if I were going to put in a METAL album to jam on...this would be it!
1401200613|3.0|To reiterate most of the other reviews: Yes, this isn't Loeb's best (seriously, did THAT part of Superman's past have to be revived?! Uck!) work. Yes, Lee's amazing as usual. <br />However, that's not why I gave this collection 3 stars. It's for the hardcover itself.<br />Marvel's raised the bar for hardcover editions lately, so maybe I'm just spoiled. However, DC just isn't measuring up with their line. You can take that as you will.<br />I ordered the Hush hardcover alongside the Spider-man: Blue hardcover, and the differences between them are obvious: <br />1. Just to get it out of the way, I'll admit that I'm annoyed that the entire 12-part storyline wasn't collected in one large hardback. I'd bet most would be happy to wait a little longer and pay more to have one collected edition, rather than several volumes. Take a look at Ultimate Spider-man Vol 1, and the fact it sold out, and tell me nobody would want Hush presented that way.<br />2. The pages themselves feel thin and fragile. After leafing through Blue and it's thicker pages, I felt like I would rip Hush's if I wasn't careful.<br />3. I know I'm nitpicking with this, but the book sleeve was poorly designed. Art-wise, it's beautiful (hey, it IS Jim Lee, you know!). However, it's normal paper based, with exceptions made for artistic reasoning. Look at all of Marvel's hardcover line, and they have glossy, tough sleeves. I've only had the book for about a week, and the vast majority of that time it's been in my bookcase with my other hardcovers. And yet the edges where torn and wrinkled when I first got it. The top edge has a curl to it, and it has a visible fingerprints/smudging from being used. Blue, on the other hand, has been handled more, and looks brand new.<br />There's really no comparison quality wise between Marvel's new line, and Hush's first volume. DC really dropped the ball on this one. Don't get me wrong, it's not the worst hardcover out there...but it should have been one of the best. The closest comparison I can draw to Hush, is with my oldest hardcover: The 1989 first printing of Karven's Last Hunt. It's been read over and over again over the years, and as such definately has a slightly worn look to it. However, a friend of mine was perusing my bookcase the other day, and honestly thought Kraven's Last Hunt was the NEWER book. The only thing that gives it away was the text used for the titling, which is definately an older style. So, apparantly Marvel published a better long-lasting hardcover in 1989 then DC could in 2003. Sad.<br />Very disappointing, but it's still better than the paperback edition. If you don't have the individual comics, buy it, but be prepared to handle it carefully.
B00008J2DQ|5.0|This is an amazing album. Some people said Godsmack would lose their flare after their second album 'Awake', but this proves all that wrong. All of the songs, not just the singles, are great. It's a CD you can listen to over and over again without getting tires of it. See them live, too!
B000092ZYX|3.0|No band's creative peak lasts forever (cf. Beatles, Talking Heads, even the White Stripes).  With The Bends, OKComputer, and Kid A, Radiohead had one of the longest, most successful, and emotionally satisfying such peaks in recent memory.  With Amnesiac they climbed down from that peak, and Hail to the Thief does nothing to help them rescale it.<br />It's not the the songs are bad, by and large - neither were Amnesiac's - but the tracklisting is tired and the styles are a little too comfortable, a little too familiar.  I don't mind much, because that peak was personally very disruptive and emotionally painful for the band.<br />However, it does irritate me, ever so slightly, that HTTT could have been just as good as the Bends if they had just thought it out better.  Sure, it's the artist's prerequisite to present his art the way he or she desires, but there are a number of emotionally or rhythmically jarring segues on this album.  For example, sandwiching the beautiful, lonely, but perhaps positive \\"Sail to the Moon\\" between the negative and exhausting \\"Sit Down. Stand Up.\\" and the negative and fatalistic \\"Backdrifts\\" (all of which are excellent songs, even if SDSU is very repetitive) is inexplicable and totally ineffective for all three songs.  Furthermore, SttM's place in the tracklisting is an awkward parody of the placing of \\"Pyramid Song\\" on Amnesiac and makes the similarities between the songs painfully obvious.  Finally, ending the album with \\"Wolf at the Door\\" is unappealing and ineffective.<br />In addition to the neglect of careful tracklisting, HTTT suffers from a bloated tracklist and length (forty-five minutes is really a pretty ideal length for albums, as Kid A showed).  There's one bad song on here: \\"Where I End and You Begin\\" is diffuse and focusless, has astoundingly bad 80s-sounding synths as the main instrument, and should have been left as a b-side or left unreleased.  Other songs, such as \\"I Will\\" and \\"A Punchup at a Wedding\\" are really nice, but unsuited to the album as a whole. They'd be better off supplementing the 'There There' b-sides.<br />Finally, in an attempt to reduce the album to a reasonable length, the band cut some songs down.  I Will suffers but survives the loss of guitar at the beginning and Punchup the loss of an intro.  The Gloaming, however, is hurt worst by edits.  It was easily one of the best songs on the leaked version, yet the album version is really quite bad.  This is because the band cut both the intro and the whole second half of the song, awkwardly and carelessly splicing in the ending.<br />If you do buy this album (and it is worthwhile to do so), try ripping it and making your own 45-minute version.  Odds are you'll be surprised at how nice it sounds.  (FWIW, my tracklisting: 2+2=5, Sit Down Stand Up, Backdrifts, Go to Sleep, There There, Scatterbrain, We Suck Young Blood, Wolf at the Door, Myxamatosis, The Gloaming (prerelease version), and Sail to the Moon.)t unsuited to the album as a whole. They'd be better off supplementing the 'There There' b-sides.<br />Finally, in an attempt to reduce the album to a reasonable length, the band cut some songs down.  I Will suffers but survives the loss of guitar at the beginning and Punchup the loss of an intro.  The Gloaming, however, is hurt worst by edits.  It was easily one of the best songs on the leaked version, yet the album version is really quite bad.  This is because the band cut both the intro and the whole second half of the song, awkwardly and carelessly splicing in the ending.<br />If you do buy this album (and it is worthwhile to do so), try ripping it and making your own 45-minute version.  Odds are you'll be surprised at how nice it sounds.  (FWIW, my tracklisting: 2+2=5, Sit Down Stand Up, Backdrifts, Go to Sleep, There There, Scatterbrain, We Suck Young Blood, Wolf at the Door, Myxamatosis, The Gloaming (prerelease version), and Sail to the Moon.)
B000002BE9|5.0|Even though she's out of the Top Ten in the music business, this album is worth buying, maybe I'm a little biased but I had it play on cassette in my room when I was thinking. She brings back memories, as all music does, with her haunting lyrics and vocals. If I could compare her to anyone I'd say she'd be popular with people who like Tori Amos, Sarah Maclachlan and for people who enjoy a cup of Chamomile while writing poetry. This album is NOT for people who like pop music, peppy music or anything close to Britney Spears.
0375823360|4.0|I found the first book in the trilogy very difficult to get into, with it being set in an alternate universe.  The reader made to accept a lot of strange ideas and concepts which do not get fully explained until later on in the book.  Devotees of the fantasy genre may absorb the narrative a lot easier than I did.  The story of Lyra is a dark one and is richly explored as she makes her way through her world to the North Pole and the end of the story.<br />The second book was much more conventional in its story-telling and I found it easier to follow.  The character of Will is introduced (who appears to come from our universe) and joins Lyra in her adventure.  The appearance of Will allows questions to be asked from our perspective and the two children are given some freedom from adult characters introduced in the first book.  By the end of the book, plot lines are being weaved through lots of different universes and Will's character is firmly established as an important part of the story to come.<br />The Amber Spyglass is, again, completely different to the preceeding book.  The story matures with the main characters, Lyra & Will, and explores emotional and spritual concepts to dramatic end.  Complex issues relating to religion, life and death are examined rationally and not without reason.  Ultimately the story is thought-provoking, which is what a good book should do.<br />Overall, I found the trilogy incredibly \\"thoughtful\\".  It's remarkably complex, yet very readable at the same time.  I would advise parents to read this trilogy before their children, in preparation for the avalanche of questions that will arise from its reading.
6305546789|1.0|I'm sorry but I just don't see why everybody loves this movie. Don't get me wrong, I love horror movies, but Halloween is just pointless. I just can't get into a movie where the killer can't die. They've got to have some sort of weakness. I could hardly stay awake for this film. Personally I like horror movies like Evil Dead, The Re-Animator, and Suspiria a lot better than this ...
0375823360|4.0|I found the first book in the trilogy very difficult to get into, with it being set in an alternate universe.  The reader made to accept a lot of strange ideas and concepts which do not get fully explained until later on in the book.  Devotees of the fantasy genre may absorb the narrative a lot easier than I did.  The story of Lyra is a dark one and is richly explored as she makes her way through her world to the North Pole and the end of the story.<br />The second book was much more conventional in its story-telling and I found it easier to follow.  The character of Will is introduced (who appears to come from our universe) and joins Lyra in her adventure.  The appearance of Will allows questions to be asked from our perspective and the two children are given some freedom from adult characters introduced in the first book.  By the end of the book, plot lines are being weaved through lots of different universes and Will's character is firmly established as an important part of the story to come.<br />The Amber Spyglass is, again, completely different to the preceeding book.  The story matures with the main characters, Lyra & Will, and explores emotional and spritual concepts to dramatic end.  Complex issues relating to religion, life and death are examined rationally and not without reason.  Ultimately the story is thought-provoking, which is what a good book should do.<br />Overall, I found the trilogy incredibly \\"thoughtful\\".  It's remarkably complex, yet very readable at the same time.  I would advise parents to read this trilogy before their children, in preparation for the avalanche of questions that will arise from its reading.
6305537321|3.0|Breakfast at Tiffany's is a classic although I'm not entirely sure why.  It has Audrey Hepburn in it which helps make it a classic, but the storyline isn't exactly 'out of this world'.  Having said that, I found it very easy to sit through the movie, and just enjoy it as a fun piece of film-making.  Add George Peppard as the suave neighbour who slowly, but surely falls in love with Audrey Hepburn.  The New York setting adds magic to the film, and helps soften the constant &quot;Moon River&quot; theme which seemingly plays throughout the movie (in different variations).<br />DVD SUMMARY:  <BR>This is the bad news. This movie has not been given the treatment afforded to other old classics, and as a result the transfer to DVD is VERY BAD.  There is grain all the way through it, which shouldn't surprise me because Paramount aren't known for cleaning up their old films before transferring to DVD.<BR>Extras include the trailer.  A doco on Audrey Hepburn would have been nice, but once again, Paramount aren't well known for their extras.  So guys, if you really want this movie, maybe wait for the 40th Anniversary DVD edition (its sure to come out, and may be pristine, as it deserves to be).
B00008EY9G|5.0|Identity is a great movie, and one of the best mysteries in years. It is about ten strangers who all get stranded at an isolated hotel, and then die one by one. It is very similar to the Agatha Christie book \\"And Then There Were None\\". This movie is very suspenseful and has good writing and acting. Unfortunately, like The Sixth Sense, this movie has a love-it or hate-it surprise ending. I won't give it away, but it is very strange. I didn't like the ending very much, but I still loved the movie overall. If you like good murder mystery movies, buy Identity on dvd.
1573225517|5.0|Nick Hornby is rapidly becoming one of my favorite writers. This is the story of a mid 30's guy in early 90's London coming to terms with his inability to commit to relationships. The internal monologue is so well written, and rings so true. If you are a woman and want to know how guys think - READ THIS BOOK. If you are a guy and CANNOT relate to this book  - well, we can't hang out. If you can't relate to the musical references - we can't hang out. GREAT READ!!!
6304936362|4.0|This is an endearing movie. The breathtaking scenery of Western Europe is wonderfully shot. There is also excellent aerial footage of the B-17 Flying Fortress.  The cast members are top notch; Billy Zane, John Lithgow, Harry Connick Jr, Sean Astin etc.  Although much literary license is used in telling the story of the 25th (final) mission of the Memphis Belle, that is its' only misgiving.  You will laugh and cheer at the ensemble cast of misfits as they team together during the final flight.  You will share their concerns, expectations, and fears.  Action, thrills, and drama without &quot;blood and gore&quot; this is one war movie everyone will enjoy!
B000002I25|5.0|This was a great begining for a great band. Jim Morison is one of the best frontmen of all time. Robby Kreiger is an amazing guitar player. Ray Manzerek is the second best keyboard/Organ player of all time. John Denzmore isnt a bad drummer either. This was the begining of a great band like I said this album contains some of The Doors' most memorable songs like &quot;Light My Fire&quot; &quot;Break On Through (To The Other Side)&quot; and &quot;The End&quot;. This album also has Doors' classics like &quot;Back Door Man&quot; &quot;Crystal Ship&quot; and &quot;Twentieth Century Fox&quot;. But its not just the famous songs that make the album its the deep cuts. Songs like &quot;Soul Kitchin&quot; &quot;Alabama Song&quot; and &quot;End Of The Night&quot; really make the album shine! the two songs I havent mentioned are &quot;I Looked At You&quot; and &quot;Take It As It Comes&quot; are to of the strongest tracks on the album! so as you see this is one of the best debuts of all time!
B00005JLEU|5.0|This film has far surpassed any expectations I ever had. After numerous watching's I can only say that it is the most evocative movie that I have seen. The most incredible piece is the train ride which is spent with our hero in silence with haunting japanese melodies. It has taken the place of my favorite film. Who would ever have thought that a animated cartoon could be someone over 30's favorite movie? This is a must buy.
B00000JCOV|5.0|The 'Knot's first studio recorded album, and the follow-up to their independant release, \\"Feed.Mate.Kill.Repeat.\\", Slipknot have re-defined 'nu-metal'. Corey Taylor's deep throat roars accompanied by Joey Jordisons' furious double-kick pounding on this record leave you breathless every time. As is synonomous with every 'Knot record, the album starts with an intro, an insight into the world of Slipknot's nine members, followed by the opening track, (SIC). Corey's thrusts' himself into your head with an explicit lyrical assault in a song littered with samples, percussion, Jordisons' signature double-kick, heart-stopping bass and grinding distorted guitar...everything you would require from today's nu-metal creators. My personal favourites on this record are 'Spit It Out', 'Surfacing' and 'Liberate', as well as the industry smash single, 'Wait & Bleed'.<BR>For those familiar with Slipknot, you will know this album leaves little to the imagination, with its continious torrent of lyrical abuse - however, without the imagery portrayed by Taylor, this album would not be what it is - priceless, the landmark of a new genre. It is difficult to listen to, but is worth purchasing...the album carries itself well throughout, yet slows down a tad (which is well needed)with the track, 'Diluted'.<BR>For those familiar with this album, I recommend \\"Iowa\\", Slipknot's follow-up album, \\"Disasterpieces\\" (The 'Knot live in England)on DVD and albums' by bands' produced by Clown (Chris), 'American Head Charge - The War Of Art', 'L.D.50 - Mudvayne' and Joey Jordisons' side project, 'In The Valley Of The Murder Dolls - The MurderDolls'.
0156027321|2.0|This is not a great book.  It is merely an okay book with pretensions to greatness. Yann Martel (or the narrator) claims that this is a story to make you believe in God.  Wow.  That sets the bar pretty high.  The book begins with a story about a little boy that loves all religions with equal fervor.  But this theme is forgotten almost entirely.  Overal, the book feels disunified, as if Martel didn't have a clear idea about what he was trying to say or how he wished to say it.  The component parts don't necessarily work together.  On top of this, Martel's prose is occasionally quite clunky.  There were more than a couple of sentences that made me grimace.  Martel obviously has some talent but also needs to mature a lot as a writer.  I won't say you would be wasting your time reading this book, but there are a lot of books that in my mind would take precedence.
B00008K79Q|5.0|In Australia prior to 1970, the law gave the &#34;Chief Protector of the Aborigines&#34; legal guardianship of all the Aborigine people and the power to forcibly remove half-white Aborigines from their homes and place them in schools where they would be educated in the ways of White society. In 1931, the &#34;Chief Protector of the Aborigines&#34; was a man named A.O. Neville (Kenneth Branaugh). &#34;Rabbit-Proof  Fence&#34; is the story of three half-Aborigine girls whom Mr. Neville ordered removed from their mothers' care and the girls' courageous journey back home. Molly(Everlyn Sampi), who was the oldest at 14 years, her young sister Daisy (Tianna Sansbury), and their cousin Gracie (Laura Monaghan) were placed far from their home in the &#34;Moore River Native Settlement&#34; for their education. This is the story of the girls' 9-week journey on foot, following Australia's continent-spanning rabbit-proof fence, to try to reach their home and family in northern Australia.<br /><br />&#34;Rabbit-Proof Fence&#34; is a true story, based on the book written by Molly's daughter, Doris Pilkington. This is a stunningly beautiful film in its portrayal of the Australian landscape and its native peoples. Thanks to the beautiful cinematography and the excellent performances, &#34;Rabbit-Proof Fence&#34; is riveting all the way through even though the story of people trudging across a continent on foot offers little variation. Everlyn Sampi gives an outstanding performance as Molly, who is responsible for the fate of her young charges for the course of their arduous journey. Molly is a young woman of few words, but she speaks volumes with her eyes and is magnetic in her ability to fix the audience's attention on the screen. The other great performance is that of Kenneth Branaugh as A.O. Neville, the cause of all the girls' -and many other Aborigines'- troubles. It would have been very easy -but inaccurate, I think- to portray Neville as a horrible power-mongering bureaucrat. With relatively few scenes or dialogue, Branaugh effectively communicates that Neville's intentions were essentially good and that he took his responsibilities seriously. That said, the film does not shy away from demonstrating that his actions were misguided and ultimately very destructive to Australia's Aborigine people and to the nation's moral fabric. Highly recommended.tively few scenes or dialogue, Branaugh effectively communicates that Neville's intentions were essentially good and that he took his responsibilities seriously. That said, the film does not shy away from demonstrating that his actions were misguided and ultimately very destructive to Australia's Aborigine people and to the nation's moral fabric. Highly recommended.
B000056HRZ|5.0|Paul Henried's last line to Humphrey Bogart points out that the great \\"Casablanca\\", lauded today as a romance, was in fact more importantly a propaganda movie. From our vantage point now in July 2003, it's all too easy sometimes to forget that the war was really raging when this movie was made, and that it was by no means certain that America would triumph ultimately against the forces of Nazi Germany. That reich had managed to conquer most of Europe--only England was able to fend off Hitler's machine. So that when Conrad Veidt's Nazi General Strasser asks Bogart's Rick how he'll feel when the Nazis walk into London, Rick's \\"I'll tell you when you get there\\" is a hopeful boast that England will continue to hold out. I try to enter into the mind of the times when I watch \\"Casablanca\\" to appreciate how the film was helping to allay the fears of its original audience. How awful to have lived during a time when the entire world was at war. Paul Henried's character in 1942 speaks in the future tense--\\"we'll win\\"; thank God we look back now and use the past--\\"we won\\". <br />Of course, the romance of Rick and Ilse (Ingrid Bergman) is what everyone else is talking about. Probably this is a little anomalous, too, in the usual Hollywood movie--here it's the guy who got jilted, the guy who's crying into his whiskey, the guy who says hurtful, hurt-filled things. And the guy who must turn away love when it's his again. So Rick is a tragic hero for whom things aren't really turning out right. But he does grow in the movie. He learns that he must go on in his own development--before, he had sworn the piano player Sam never to play \\"As Time Goes By\\" again, but he has to get past those kind of self-imposed taboos, not only listening to the song again but taking an interest in humanity again. <br />Bergman's Ilse is a more complicated character. She's torn between two men, her husband and her old lover. Other reviewers have said that \\"Casablanca\\" is a perfect film, but there is something that's a little off, and that's the relationship between Ilse and her husband, Resistance leader Victor Lazlo, played by Paul Henried. When they have scenes alone, he speaks of his love for her and she vows to stay by his side. It sounds like they've been through a lot together and are truly attached. However, their love is never shown as a romantic love; when he leaves her to go to a meeting of the Resistance in Casablanca, he kisses her on the cheek. Another time he kisses again, also on the cheek. Only Rick kisses her on the mouth passionately. I suppose this will make her look less like a two-timer to the audience, but it's a little too unrealistic to think that a husband will not kiss his beloved wife with any kind of ardor. I think this undercuts her dilemma of having to figure out which man to leave and which to cleave to. She should be truly romantically involved with both men, not merely \\"married\\" to Henried, but shown to be in an intimate relationship with him.  Paul Henried is very likeable as Victor, but his character this way is constructed to be a hero without sufficient human roots. His greatest love capacity seems to be an altruistic one.  Ilse's attraction to Rick is that with him, she's paramount while with Victor she places second to his love for the cause. In effect, what happens to Ilse is that she winds up being second with Rick too as he rekindles an interest in the cause himself. It would be interesting to explore what that would mean to her, that the war is robbing her of a fulfilling romantic love with both men. She could either become embittered or she could be ennobled herself, accepting that there is something bigger than herself that must take precedence. Rick \\"tells\\" her this at the airport, but it would be more effective if she knew it within herself as well. The film has her leave with her husband, but how will she really respond?   <br />These are plot considerations--what about everything else? Well, the acting in \\"Casablanca\\"is first rate all the way. I've always believed Warner Bros to have had the superior stable to MGM, and this movie proves that point admirably. It stands with \\"Adventures of Robin Hood\\" as having the best ensemble performance in Hollywood. Of course, appearing in both movies is one of my very favorite actors, Claude Rains. I just saw the movie last night on a pier in NYC, and his scenes consistently drew the most laughs and applause. In a way, he really runs away with the picture and was cheated out of a Best Supporting Actor Oscar. It's the role of a lifetime, and he does all he can with it. Peter Lorre is wonderful in his early scenes with Bogart as the smarmy insecure Ugarte; he manages to convey his wish to impress Bogart with a lot of economy. Sidney Greenstreet is on target as the sensuous Fat Man. Smaller roles such as the wait staff and bar patrons are all well-executed. And Ingrid Bergman is simply luminous as Ilse. That scene in the Paris bar, when she brushes her hand against Bogart's cheek is pure movie magic--star quality all the way. <br />Like just about everybody, I love \\"Casablanca\\" as one of Hollywood's very best achievements; I'm on their side, too, cheering all the way.
B000002J1F|4.0|'Fragile' is very much an 'almost' album, and not simply due to the towering majesty of their 'Close to the Edge' masterpiece which was to follow this record.'Fragile' is diverse and absolutely crammed with intriguing and beautiful musical ideas, yet still falls ever so slightly short of the mark. My main criticism of the album is its format, with four lengthy compositions complemented by shorter tracks, each penned solo by a different band member. The four 'real' songs are the albums highlight. 'Roundabout' features a bass line by Chris Squire that practically functions as the lead instrument, and this seems to work particularly well, as the track is one of the bands finest moments, manging to be complex yet catchy and filled with exuberance. 'South Side of the sky' is delighfully melodic and features a beautiful instrumental break, with new recruit Wakeman really flexing his muscles on the keyboards. 'Heart of the Sunrise' is another highlight, similar to 'South Side of the Sky' in length and texture, but probably surapssing it instrumentally. 'Long distance runaround' is melodic and enjoyable, as well as shorter and more concise.<br />Sadly the shorter songs arent up to these (admittedly monumentally high) standards. 'Cans and Brahms' by Wakeman seems out of place and throwaway, while 'We have heaven' merely distracts before 'South side of the sky' arrives to general applause. 'The Fish' by Chris Squire is interesting and impressive, so all is not lost, but the overall quality of these shorter pieces is deficient. It is evident here that Yes function best as a unit, with a lengthy canvas on which to unleash their seemingly limitless skill. 'Close to The Edge' would fulfill these conditions and provide a nearly flawless triumph, but 'Fragile' while packed with incredible music,is slightly flawed. Well worth purchasing, as it features some of the best prog soundsone is ever likely to hear, but'Close to the Edge' is the essential Yes album.<br />Still, this comes highly recommended.recommended.
B00008973A|2.0|If you have seen A Chorus Line the play, and are looking for its equal this is not for you. This movie is a little like the play, with the plot and all but it adds songs and dances and it takes out songs. I personally was very dissapointed.
B00007GZVV|5.0|We had to watch this movie in Humanities, as a follow-up to reading Dante's Inferno.  This  movie is wonderful... okay, so I'm bad at writing reviews.  But, watch this movie.  If you like romance... if you like drama... if you like something sad... if you like happy endings... watch it.
B000084T18|5.0|Yo!!! this is prolly one of da best albums i've heard in a while.  My boy 50 just rippin it up in all 19 songs. If you aint got it..what you watin on???
B000084T18|1.0|I once heard a 13-year-old kid in a record store begging his mom for this CD. It would make him cool, he said. Not to mention that 'fiddy' was the best rapper EVER. What an insult. I've heard \\"In Da Club\\" enough times to back that statement up. Catchy beat? Sure. Thanks to Dr. Dre. Of course, all the other lame rappers in this day and age use similar two-note orchestral backings for their repetitive topics and subjects. The little kid's comment remains in my head. He's never heard Mr. Lif, Jurassic 5, A Tribe Called Quest, De La Soul, Naughty by Nature, Public Enemy, KRS-One, Run DMC, or any respectable hip-hop artist. Even the ganja kings of Cypress Hill, and the violent gangstas in N.W.A. are better than this tripe marketed as hip-hop today. Mumbling about girls, money, cars, and guns is really stupid. Really. Trust me. It seems like no one gets it. When Dre did it back on the Chronic, it was tight. It was fresh, and done creatively. He was rapping about an actual lifestyle. It was a party album. 'Fiddy' here probably thinks he's a real gangsta.<br />That's not even the saddest part.<br />So do the kids. They inhale this like air, not knowing any better. They blamed Columbine on Rammstein, and educational decay on the public school system. It's records like these.<br />They also are stinking up radio. What happened to hearing respectable bands like Nirvana or talented artists like Alanis Morissette, who had real emotions, feelings, and experiences they shared through music to make music, and not money?<br />I don't know.<br />RIP Hip-Hop. 1980(?)-1993
B000089CJI|5.0|Deathcab goes techno, but cool. Seriously.
B000003TA4|2.0|I'll start with the good side first, since I don't want the Nirvana fans to get [upset] run away so quickly. Nirvana came through to the public when music was in a slumped period sure, I'll give it that. It did have to haul in a new sound from lands of foggy obscurity. So the good side basically is it was a splash that influenced some much better music afterwards. Kurt had a pretty unfortunate life, and having limited chords and skills, he did well thanks to his own emotion, it's just it's not the kind of emotion I like to hear all the time. Cynically/Comically upbeat mixed with depressive isn't enough variety for me at least.<br />My biggest problems with the album, for that reason, is more of a matter of personal preference. I'll say it again: Nirvana overall (not just this CD) seemed to be that the songs were one of two things: It was either depressive wallowing - trapped within memories, or it was pretty much a joke; teen concert party music, or shock-dementia.<br />Yeah \\"Teen Spirit\\" pokes fun at mindless moshing teens.. he has ironic humor elsewhere sure, but joking around killed any chances of intensity for me, so I couldn't get into it. That kind of thing wasn't much of a revelation anyway; pretty obvious. He can bring out pain however, but that gets a bit repetitive after awhile. It feels like very fuzzy and unclear because of that.<br />My favorite music just happens to be that which can bring new things to you, focused and powerful, such as the stuff produced by Tool. Maynard & Co could get outside of seeing life from one set of eyes in one piece of the world when they needed to, and could expand on things like religion, spirituality, faith, hope, sexual experience, and the false selves of fearful people.. they aren't tied down with confusion or personal pasts, and if you want you can be sent on a trip and flow through a CD one song to the next... Nevermind is like a bunch of singles. Many songs stand-alone (making them almost too radio/premovie-theatermusic/friendly), and his voice doesn't blend with the music.. not to mention the fact that the playing wasn't all that great as far as variance went, only a few chords as you've seen elsewhere. The singing has too much importance, and without it everything flops. I enjoy balance of the two, a fusion. (When it comes to getting out emotions rather than thought I can turn to A Perfect Circle.. Smashing Pumpkins...)<br />So yeah... I guess I just poked into a type of music that isn't for me huh? I still deserve to vote though.
B00005JLT5|5.0|This film is one of two that made me cry in front of a girl (The Lion King being the other... dont pretend like you didn't). I couldn't help it... Amazing acting, excellent historical accuracy. The greatest story of WW2 atrocity I've ever seen. A must see, let alone have.
B00005JLR2|5.0|I went to the theaters to watch what I thought was going to be okay, but not as good as, say, The Lion King. Although it doesn't have the classic Disney feel, I would say Treasure Planet is my favorite movie ever.<br />Treasure Planet, which I own on DVD, is a movie many people think of as sci-fi, at least those who haven't watched it. If they had, they would see this is no cheesy alien-attack video. Instead they would see a beautiful retelling of Robert Louis Stevenson's masterpiece. This movie captured my heart. <br />Partially computer-generated, partially animated, Treasure Planet blew me away. Still true to the storyline of Treasure Island, it added humor and bits of story to the original tale, as well as blasting it off into space. <br />All in all, a very clever movie. I recommend you buy this and watch it as soon as possible. Hope to see you at the Montressor Spaceport!
B00005JLKB|4.0|I am referring to Sci Fi favs such as Lost In Space, Sliders, and Roswell. Speaking of Roswell, Smallville owes alot to the popular series of young alien hybrids. Both are shows about a small town (also being the one-word title of the show) where a tall dark haired boy in his late teens has come from another world, only to be adopted by caring parents here. He has powers which he discovers by the day, (along with his siblings in Roswell's case) and gradually gains the trust of a group of friends. But there is danger at every turn! And just as Roswell was moved from its network, Smallville moved in - virtually a copy of the format, faster paced though not as thoughtful. But hey, Smallville has gone from strength to strength! After its powerhouse of a pilot, it began the typical 'freak of the week' first season that most fantasy shows (ie Buffy) step out with. As it does so, it builds a mythology of its own, and then uses that for the remaining seasons. Tom Welling is very likeable as Clark, and the cast (esp his parents) are very well cast. But dont expect to see this series end with him donning the red panties -- aint gonna happen! Although there are enough nods to his future self to make a significant list!<BR>Let's hope the show gets better and better (so far so good) and doesnt diminish by year 5. A tall order? Maybe, maybe not!<BR>And oh god, werent previous Clark/Superboy series just terrible?! THIS one rocks!
B00005OWIU|5.0|I have both the first and second Harry Potter soundtracks and I think that they are perfect! All of the songs are so beautiful, especially &quot;Hedwig's theme&quot;, &quot;Leaving Hogwarts&quot;, &quot;Harry's Wonderous World&quot; and &quot;Fawkes the Pheonix&quot;. All of these songs have such intoxicating melodies that will stick in your head the entire day. When you listen to the soundtrack, it will make the books and the movies seem even more magical and fun than they already are. I strongly recommend these soundtracks to any music lover. It is worth every penny!
067101756X|5.0|This book is by far one of the best reads of this genre. It makes so much sense and is explained very well. If you are a fan of Stanton Friedman then you will love this book.
0152023984|5.0|it was the best present that i ever got.it's the only book that i've read four times already.it's no children's book,it's perfect for grown ups who just couldn't seem to find some answers to the questions as to what matters to them most.it'll tell you that happiness don't just come in big packages but in most simple things.it's definitely one great book!
B000092ZYX|5.0|This album is truely sweet, and I feel everyone should own it. <BR>  Whether you hear it once and go &quot;Huh?&quot; or hit repeat and jam it for a week straight, trust me - in 10 or 15 years you'll be thinking &quot;oh yeah, this is what it's all about.&quot;  <BR>  &quot;OK Computer&quot; was rather straight forward and catchy,&quot;Kid A&quot; was a bit more experimental, and &quot;Amnesiac&quot; really took you out there.  I feel that &quot;Hail to the Thief&quot; really brings it home with a blend of experimental rock and heartfelt melodies that tell me Radiohead is just getting better and growing wiser.  It is presented with class and sophistication, and a sense of accomplishment, as if their past few albums were a journey into the self and into the nature of tune and rythym, and this album is the culmination of those lessons.  The first time I heard this I thought &quot; Hmm, another wierd one, I still like Ok Computer the best.&quot;  The second time I heard it I thought &quot;Ok, I really like a couple of these songs.&quot;  The third time I heard it I thought &quot;Ok, I'm diggin this whole album alot.&quot; Now it's my favorite.  But it.
B000002VCW|4.0|This is one of Alan Parsons' best producing jobs, and that's saying a lot.  The wonderful sound combined with solid folk rock songwriting and very talented bandmembers make this one of the best recordings of the 70s, PERIOD.  MFSL, the audiophile label, chose this as their 9th release.  <br />The EMI version currently available has better sound plus 3 bonus cuts.  The bonus cuts aren't terribly important unless you're a fan, but the sound makes a big difference.
B00005JLEU|5.0|Not everyone likes anime - it tends to appeal to a specific group of people.  Some anime movies though truly transcend the confines of the genre wrt mass appeal, and I believe this movie is a classic/timeless example.  I won't reveal the plot (others have been there &amp; done that), but I will say the movie is quite suitable for kids &amp; adults.  Highly recommended!
B00005JM09|5.0|**Possible Vague Spoilers in my review**<br />Although not as great as parts 1 or 2, Terminator 3 is a terrific summer movie. Great action, mindless violence and pure wackiness. And what makes it better, a cool story that I've followed for 20 years (since I was a kid)! I'm so glad they didn't go \\"hollywood\\" on the storyline. If they had, I would hate this movie with a passion. I give them credit for keeping it \\"true\\". For those who have seen the movie, I hope you know what I'm referring to. If you don't know what I mean, then you certainly did not understand the movie!<br />I'll admit going into this movie I was reluctant to \\"like\\" it. The original \\"Terminator\\" director did not work on this, Linda Hamilton did not sign on, plotline was sort of \\"typical\\", and a \\"bad chick\\" terminator was kind of lame. But I liked it. If anything, it's fun. If it wasn't summer, I might give it 4 stars. But its summer and I'm in the mood for this stuff!
B00009ATKS|4.0|Unlike mogwai's previous efforts, \\"Happy Songs..\\" does not immediately dictate its purpose or secrets upon the listener's first experience. Its pleasures are slow to unfold and of a more subtle nature than on previous efforts, such as '97's self-consciosly monumental \\"young team\\".<BR>     More than any other mogwai release, though hinted at on \\"rock action\\", HSFHP takes mogwai's music in a dare I say it, lovely direction.  Atmospheric, warm and soothing, even on its harshest moments, this album is a distillation of what makes mogwai's music so emotionally transporting and expansive.<BR>     From the vocoder laced lope of \\"hunted by a freak\\" to the absoutelty gorgeous \\"I know you are..\\", all of mogwai's sonic tendencies have been streamlined into a concise, yet affecting statement. \\"Stop coming to my house\\" would win song of the year in the world I would lke to live in.<BR>     Any band that revisits previous efforts constantly without evolving and refining their sound become creatively stagnant and/or commercial slaves.  Witness the difference between the latest Radiohead and metallica releases, for example.  So HSFHP doesn't sound like \\"young team\\", I'll be the first to say that I'm glad it doesn't.
B00009V7RF|1.0|...I am a big BEP fan, but i feel kind of cheated with this ablum because all i got was some chick singing the hooks, takin center stage!  Man this album [is bad]!  They need to let the girl go, and return to the old BEP's.  Don't get me wrong Fergie I think her name is has a good voice and would be great on her own but she just seemed to mess up the chemistry of the Peas.  Overall with the exception of the single which in most cases probably should be a second or third single the album is really boring.  This was 2 1/2 years of work?  Come on Will you can do better than that!!
0812550757|5.0|This book is wonderful. Its in a different style then Enders Game, not as action packed, but still very good. This tells the story of Ender Wiggin 3000 years after the Formic Wars. Ender is still alive as he traveled near the speed of light for much of that time, thus not aging due to relativistic effects. It was a fascinating read.
B00005JKNC|4.0|Some movies don't really try to be anything, and for some reason become something...legally blonde for one...some movies try really hard to be something and just aren't much...Pearl Harbor for one....<br />this movie, The Majestic, is more like the latter than the former...It tries really hard to be a Capraesque movie...really hard.  Shamelessly hard...and I don't know if anyone has seen any Capra...but he is famous for a reason...He is fairly simplistic (which makes it seem like it would be easy to replicate) but he is impossible to be..  In some ways, Frank Darabont seems like a good possibility to be Frank Capra, even more than the fact that they both have the same first name.  Darabont is unafraid of emotion, Darabont's films, especially The Shawshank Redemption, have always had that clear deliniation between good and evil.  This is very Capra...<br />I give This film credit for trying .  It has some lovely performances.  Martin Landau is one of our greatest treasures.  Watch this and then watch Ed Wood and tell me it is the same guy.  Darabont loads the film with great faces...and a few wonderful characters.  This was certainly to be another of Carrey's adventures into serious acting...and he's good.  For me, and I know a little about watching actors, I think the journey for Jim Carrey has come too late.  I found myself waiting for the schtick...and since the films The Majestic is based on are filled with quirkiness I felt like Carrey was misplaced.  I actually think Carrey, in his shameless search for an oscar should do the Cruise/Williams approach and attach himself to an amazing character role, dare I say supporting actor...<br />The Majestic ultimately falls short but is a marvelous time passer.  What Darabont and the script seem to forget is that Capra movies are about more than conquering the bad guy.  The film tries a little bit to give us people to care about, but it seems to be form over content.  In it's a wonderful Life,there is a shot of the building and loan book keeper totalling the money.  He is quirky, he is hilarious, and in that one shot,you care.  It is because for Capra, the exploration of the human condition was not an excercise or a star vehicle, it was the way he thought....the way he felt.<br />So why four stars....???  Because for me, falling short of one of the world's most revered film makers seems ok.  You do have a film that was savaged by critics, but has some lovely atmosphere and joy to it.  It is what I would call a good watch that may fall short in the long run.  But if you like Americana, shameless schmaltz and the love of a good woman as your touchstones for movie watching, you may love this.and loan book keeper totalling the money.  He is quirky, he is hilarious, and in that one shot,you care.  It is because for Capra, the exploration of the human condition was not an excercise or a star vehicle, it was the way he thought....the way he felt.<br />So why four stars....???  Because for me, falling short of one of the world's most revered film makers seems ok.  You do have a film that was savaged by critics, but has some lovely atmosphere and joy to it.  It is what I would call a good watch that may fall short in the long run.  But if you like Americana, shameless schmaltz and the love of a good woman as your touchstones for movie watching, you may love this.
0385335482|4.0|I myself am addicted to shopping, so I really enjoyed the book and really understood her reasons to do all of that. She tries to get serious and not to buy as much things as she used to. She also tries to be successful in her work. The book is very nice, I would recommend it if you like the Bridget Jones's series.
B00000DCHD|4.0|The Stranger was Billy Joel's break out recording.  The commercial trend continued with the consistent somewhat jazz flavored 52nd Street.<br />Most every song on the record is played on most Classic Rock radio stations.  In the case of the listening public, this is a good thing as nearly every song is first rate.  Until The Night is a little slow and sluggish but you have to appreciate the uplifting saxaphone solo near the end.  The title track is a little low key but it is certainly harmless.<br />My personal faves are My Life, Zanzibar, and Stilleto.  Love the bouncy beat on the later song and I appreciate the jazz touches on Zanzibar.  Good pop sensibilities on My Life.  Hooks galore that are totally irresistable.<br />The instrumental arrangements are truly the best part of this recording.  Good blends between Billy's piano and all the brass.  Whereas I enjoy Billy earlier more low key work, this record surely rates as consistently enjoyable.
0441172717|5.0|This book rocks. It was really enjoyable. This is one of the deepest series of sociological science fiction of ever read. This book grabs you and pulls you straight through. However, you read the appendicies first including the glossary. It really helps to make the book more engrossing.
B000001ESJ|5.0|This was my first Rush purchase (on 8 track tape in the 70's), and to this day it is my favorite. Very clean-sounding and extremely inventive musical styles. The whole thing has sort of a medieval/sci-fi quality about it that's hard to put into words. No one, including themselves, has been able to recapture this flavor since. From the beautiful melodies of &quot;A Farewell To Kings&quot; and &quot;Closer To The Heart&quot; to the awe-inspiring heaviness of epics &quot;Xanadu&quot; and &quot;Cygnus X-1&quot;, this CD will leave you breathless.
014028009X|5.0|I really laughed my head off several times while going through this wonderful book. I love Bridget Jones, you absolutely have to get this book if you haven't yet. I hope she's writing more books about Bridget Jones. Helen Fielding is a very funny writer, she really knows how to make a reader laugh. Not many books or authors have succeeded in doing that. This is absolutely worth your money.
B000099T2L|2.0|Beyonce Knowles is an old trier, i will say that for her.  She is willing to branch out into new territory that, for her, is a reinvention of herself.  The direction Beyonce has chosen to go in is neo-soul meets hip-hop.  And for the most part, the beats are there; the music stellar. And Beyonce's choice of producers and collaborators are, usually on this cd, first rate choices.<BR>  Stand out tracks include \\"Crazy In Love\\" featuring Jay-Z with its propulsive Chi-lites horn sample that makes the song just kick.  This song is a song that screams, \\"Play me at high volume when your driving your car!\\"  Another standout track is \\"Baby Boy\\" featuring Sean Paul with its dancehall reggae meets Eastern music flavour.<BR>  However, the cd is not without its weaknesses.  The most glaring is Beyonce herself.  Most importantly, her voice.  Her Broadway meets soul voice lacks the vocal range to pull off some of the songs she attempts to sing.  Notably, \\"Crazy In Love\\" which showcases Beyonce howling-as she has a tendency to do-in quasi-Aretha Franklin style in a way that is out of her range.  She tries to vocally ignite the song but it just never catches on, and the listener is left feeling disappointed because the song really is hot.  This is not the first song that Beyonce's voice is a mismatch for.  In \\"Daddy\\"-the hidden track on the cd-Beyonce strains to reach for the heavens with her voice as she does on both \\"Speechless\\" and \\"Dangerously In Love Part 2.\\"  Clearly, Beyonce is not a strong ballad singer; she is great on the uptempo numbers on the cd, but she strains horribly on the ballads which require a voice with more range and pathos to truly make them the beautiful songs they want to be.<BR>  My other criticims is the inclusion of \\"Dangerously In Love Part 2\\" which sounds like \\"Dangerously In Love\\" from Destiny's Child's \\"Survivor\\" cd.  Yes, the beat is slightly different; but if she has nothing new to say in the part two she should have refrained from adding it to her solo cd.  Also, she uses the same rap-sing style she utilised to great affect with Destiny's Child; which is disappointing because I had hoped Beyonce would step further outside of her comfort zone and reinvent herself as the hip-hop/soul diva she yearns to be.  And that is what stops this cd from being a great cd.  Maybe her next time out she will head her intuition more and experiment more and give the listeners something to really look forward to.  But alas, on the cd, she just didn't quite pull it off.  And \\"Crazy In Love\\" is not enough incentive to buy the cd when the listener can get it on the Net. <BR>  Better luck next time, Beyonce!
B0000508U6|5.0|What a CD! Chris Martin's voice is an instrument in itself; he bends and twists it beautifully, each time producing stunning notes that combine nicely with the heartfelt lyrics. I've listened to this CD over and over and have yet to tire of it. A few of my favorites on the CD:<br />Shiver: This was one of the first songs I heard from Coldplay and I was in awe. His voice is so passionate and unique. It's a great song.<BR>Yellow: Yes, it had a lot of airtime, but it's still lovely. His voice is superb in this song, and the lyrics are very nice. <BR>Everything's Not Lost: Pretty song. I love when he starts singing Ah, yeah, everythings not lost toward the end of the song in all high notes. Its brilliant.   <br />I could comment on every song on the CD as I did about these three. They're all great, all different, and all special in their own way.
0380715430|5.0|I loved this book so much I read it twice and I will probably read it again soon. Who knew there was so much to learn about the origins of the English language. I loved it! It made me want to major in English and study linguistics and language history (although I didn't end up doing that, I still have a strong passion for the subject).
B00005JLSE|5.0|Okay...I loved 'Moulin Rouge' for what it is and I loved 'Chicago' for what it is. What I believe is that they don't have enough in common to be compared so ruthlessly. 'Moulin' was thought up...'Chicago' was adapted from the stage. No wonder it had a more conducive and liquid story! It's been played on the stage for years and years, while MR was the brain-child of Baz Lurhman. I enjoyed the performances in both films, and I don't think the people (Ewan McGregor, Nicole Kidman, Rob Marshall, etc) involved with either film will ever win enough awards to satisfy those of us who adore the movie/musical.<br />As a 'Chicago' fan, I do realize, however, that there would have been no 'Chicago' without 'Moulin Rouge'. MR found the audience for musicals. It awoke everyone to the inference that musicals were not only successful, but market-able in today's society. On one final note, about the Oscars, the only one I have a problem with is Nicole Kidman's win for 'The Hours.' Obviously the Academy was making up for the fact that they didn't give it to her for her much better performance in 'Moulin.' They know it, we know it, and oh well. At least she got one, right?<br />We should all just be ecstatic that the musical is back. I grew up watching classics like Liza Minelli's 'Cabaret' and 'There's No Business Like Show Business' with Marilyn Monroe. I'm so glad to see them back, dominating the screen, and demanding attention of the masses.
B000002Z71|5.0|So rebellious a lover is my favourite Gene Clark album because <BR>1:It's got 2 of his greatest songs on it (Gypsy Rider &amp; Del Gato)<BR>2:I think his voice improved as it got older, and this was his last official release before his death<BR>3:The production and playing are perfect for the songs<BR>4:His vocal performances are so powerful and moving
B00008H2LB|3.0|Linkin Park became a world-reknowned phenomenon with Hybrid Theory, still one of my favorite albums. Naturally, my expectations for Meteora were high. I was a bit disappointed with this album, though. It lacks the \\"edge\\", the guitar riffs, and sound that became the \\"trade mark\\", if you will, of Linkin Park. This album is very melodic and has a lot of experimental stuff on it, and definitely more rap/hip-hop sounds than rock itself. I think it's great that a band evolves and isn't afraid to do something that everybody's used to (and, as Chester said in one radio interview, Meteora represents where the band is now). The final product just didn't make as big an impression on me as Hybrid Theory.<BR>There are good songs on this album, the best one by far being Numb, Somewhere I Belong and From The Inside being close behind. \\"Don't Stay\\" continues the tradition set by Hybrid Theory, yet does not completely achieve that level. I got tired of this album pretty quickly, whereas Hybrid Theory is still stuck in my CD player.
B00008X5J3|5.0|What were \\"Daniel Wahl\\" and \\"A Viewer from Noneya\\" thinking when they reviewed this movie?  It's horrible to think that these two made the \\"helpful review\\" category because their reviews were dead wrong.  There's no two ways about it!  This musical is one of the best I have ever seen.  Kander and Ebb craft a brilliant score, and it is only right that a musical by Kander and Ebb should be the first to win any academy awards for 30 some years, considering Kander and Ebb's \\"Cabaret\\" was the last one to win in 1972.  And how can the earlier mentioned users even say things like that in the face of 6 ACADEMY AWARDS?
B00003CXZ1|4.0|As pleased as I was by Angelina's performance as an action star - I completely found her believable as a gun-toting English woman - and the action overall, somehow I found the movie not completely satisfying. The plot was just a little too simplistic. Lara Croft has to find something that gives her control over time before the bad guys do so she can talk with her father, whom she lost as a child. <br />The bad guys belong to a conspiracy known as The Illuminati. As it turns out, Croft's father also belonged, and this is why he's able to give her one of the keys to the device. She must get a few others though, and this leads her to remote parts of the world. <br />The movie feels like one long chase scene. My favorite action bit was the very beginning as Lara works out with a robot programmed to kill her, just for practice. <br />The action is great, special effects are terrific, so I'm not sure why I can't give this movie 5 stars. It's not something I can put into words. I purchased the DVD in order to look at the special features - it has a great documentary on the making of, which I really enjoyed, but I doubt I'll be watching this movie more than 2 or 3 times. I'm definitely looking forward to the sequal though. I think with the success from the first film they'll be able to get better screenwriters and even more funds for greater stunts. Then they'll really have a winner!
B000002J0P|3.0|While I like the Stills tracks, and Nash's song &quot;Pre road downs&quot; most of this album sounds like a Simon and Garfunkal retread. Dunno, I personally think they would have sunk if not for the arrival of Neil Young. I reccomend The CSN&amp;Y album &quot;Deja Vu&quot; instead of this one, because Crosby and Nash show their actal talents on that. Overall, it's not onerous to listen to, but there are lots of better albums out there.
B00005JKN9|4.0|\\"Gangs of New York\\" is director, Martin Scorsese's attempt to bring his zeal for Mafia style film making to the by-gone era of turn of the century New York.  The film stars Daniel Day Lewis, in a masterful performance and Leonardo DiCaprio, in one that is \\"less than\\" as opposing members of rival gangs ready to rumble during a much publicized slaughter that has its basis in history.  However, the film's plot, like that of James Cameron's Titanic, relies heavily on romance and fiction to get its point across, skirting around history and using it only as a backdrop.  The CGI rumble sequence in the film is really obvious.<BR>Transfer wise: a nice job overall, enhanced for widescreen televisions. Colors are rich and nicely balanced.  Black levels are deep.  Fine details are well defined.  There is some minor edge enhancement present and a bit of shimmering but nothing to get in the way of the performances, such as they are. The sound is 5.1 and aggressive, with deep bass and a powerful punch in the surround channels.<BR>BOTTOM LINE: I'm at a loss to explain why Leonardo DiCaprio gets thrown into \\"historical epics\\".  He's out of his element and the film borders on pure romantic tripe, gussied up to look like history.  As entertainment alone, you might find something to take away from the experience, but I prefer Scorsese when he sticks to thugs that dress in three piece suits instead of suspenders and top hats!
B00006879E|5.0|In a world agglomerated by boy bands and generic hot female entertainers it is comforting to know that actual, factual, living and breathing musicians still exist and thrive. Being a musician i can appreciate music of all genres and styles, but what I admire mostly about Maroon 5 is the fact that they do not classify themselves as anything in particular. They remind me of a convergence between Stevie Wonder and Jamiroquai. They uplift oldschool quality of musical instruments and grace it with a touch of new age sounds and &quot;computerized&quot; backgrounds. The music is layered with such varied sounds and noises that it adds a certain depth and intricacy that makes you want to listen over and over to one song just to see if you can hear something different each time. My significant other and I are still debating over a particular &quot;buzz&quot; that occurs in &quot;Harder to Breathe&quot;. Their chorus's are melodic and refreshing, The Harmonies are Spectacular and dead on, and the subject matter is something that everyone can relate: Love, Hate, Indifference. But Levine has managed to tackle the feat of putting a soundtrack to a relationship without drudging you through, boring you, or lyrically being sappy. This album is a wonderful contrast to everything i've heard on radio. Between nasal lead singers and these male bands that all sounds exactly like they were cultivated from the same record company/creative director/producer/song writers, I finally have renewed hope that Talent will overcome and creative people who play their own instruments and write their own music will finally gain the spotlight.
B00005JLYU|1.0|The first movie was pretty good. It did not take itself too seriously and was funny. This one just is just plain awful. They went overboard and the end result was that it was totally lame and mind numbing.
B00005JM1F|3.0|Ok, I am a female so righ there- you know I won't like this movie as much as a guy would. BUT- I do like men's movies so my opinion is not based on the fact that I only like chick-flicks. I thought this movie was really funny when Will F. was in the scene, he is hilarious for sure. BUT- the storyline was so-so, a bunch of guys start a frat and they get in some trouble. The rest of the cast was kind of cheesy and the end was stupid. I'd rent it for a laugh but don't buy it until you see it first.
0385507755|5.0|If you've ever had an addiction, a life threatening addiction, and still struggle with how to live, without constant AA or Narcotics Anonymous Meetings, read this book.<br />AA and NA meetings do save some lives and more importantly, they can keep addicts from inflicting pain on their loved ones.  The pain of wondering, will it happen again today?  Will my addicted loved one survive?  How long can I continue to stand by helpless and watch them kill themselves?<br />The meetings do give some addicts a place to go, with people who understand them, rather than, heading for the nearest bottle shop or drug dealer, when a crisis occurs.<br />However, I am not a meetings person and agree with James.  Meetings bring me down and depress me.  I am more than an alcoholic and addict and I don't want to identify myself, as just an alcoholic.<br />I want to think of myself as more complete and with other positive things going for me.<br />Well done James.  A perfect account, emotionally and mentally of the state of mind and heart, of an addict.  It is, a decision.<br />I cried reading that book.  I have not cried for 20 years.  It was cathartic for me and opened up the hard shell I've put around myself, to keep me sober for 18 years of almost total sobriety.
B00005QIPH|2.0|This is what the Hype was for?<br />Very Few highlights on this record, nothing all that interesting.  Sounds too much like they're trying to a VU cover band.<br />Try the White Stripes.
B00005QG9J|5.0|First and foremost, Incubus is the most awesome band in the whole world! I bought this CD expecting to hear more of the clashing other Incubus type stuff, and this album came with a little of that and a little more. Dont get me wrong, all of there albums are 5+ star material. Anywhoo, if you are looking for a CD with some hard energetic beats with a mix of calm relaxing tones, this has to be the album for you. It has every aspect of a great CD. The whole album is like, inviting you into there lives. When you listen to it, you get this feeling like they wrote it just for you. It is hard to put into words. I would rank this album 12/10.
B00005JKN9|4.0|This movie is great. As a woman, there was a bit too much gore for my liking but if it didn't have all the gore, I'd rate this a perfect 5 of 5. Leo DiCaprio and Daniel Day Lewis are astonishingly wonderful actors portraying believeable characters. Leo's accent drops a few times (not sure why they didn't catch it and correct his errors) but for the most part the accent was good. The storyline is great, although the movie is long it goes by fast since it is so exciting. I'd definetly recommend this movie.
B00005J6SZ|5.0|Out of all of Madonna's albums, this has to be my personal favorite.  It's not as &quot;dance-oriented&quot; as her first record, Madonna, but its got more punch to it.  From the opening number, Material Girl to the closing number, Stay, Madonna makes it perfectly clear that she didn't try to follow the same formula that made her first record a success, and that trend with her still stands today. <br />This lp also marked the first time Madonna actually recorded a ballad, Love Don't Live Here Anymore, which is a real tearjerker the first time it is heard.  <br />It's hard to choose which track that I like best, but if I really had to, I would say Over and Over (song number 4 on side 1 for those of you who, like me, still own the record).  I like it because it is a song about not letting anything stand in your way (a sample of the lyrics:  It's not the game, it's how you play and if I fall, I get up again), and as we all know, Madonna let NOTHING stand between her and success!).  <br />I like all her albums and songs, but for me this is the one that is still my favorite, and has been since it came out in 1984.
B00003CWPR|5.0|Forgive the shameless alliteration, but whether you are in a relationship or not, and whether you dig Kubrick's works or you don't, you must watch this movie. Even if you feel that the director goes berserk with some scenes (e.g., a vivid masked orgy in a posh mansion with Gregorian chants in the background), and even if you are otherwise accustomed to the cut-crazy NYPD Blue type of rush modern cinematography, which is diametrically opposed to the ethereally unfolding cinema of Kubrick, there is something very deeply moving about the nuances of this movie's identifiable characters on the verge of marital collapse.<br />The film is actually inspired by the 1926 novel \\"Traumnovelle\\" by Arthur Schnitzler, which was based in the decadent Vienna of the 1920's (sidenote: highly recommended book, now sold under the label of \\"Eyes Wide Shut\\" right here on Amazon). Of course Kubrick's version is based instead in modern Manhattan and studies the life of a well-to-do couple (Kidman, Cruise).<br />The story unfolds with all the smooth pizzazz of almost any Kubrick venture, effortlessly going from domestic discord to sexual obsession to murder mystery. Cruise, playing a doctor with all the right connections and a very good lifestyle, is convinced that his wife is deeply loyal to him. Until one day she confesses how she had once contemplated having an affair with a naval officer whom she had only glimpsed across a hotel lobby. This confession comes after an upscale party where they both found themselves in the hands of lustful but unsuccessful seducers. The roots of his faith shaken, Cruise examines his own lusts. After an unconsummated dalliance with a Greenwich Village prostitute, he eventually finds himself in an ominous mansion where wealthy masked participants indulge in dark ritual orgies, and perhaps even murder. But in a world where faithfulness is revealed to be little more than an illusion, can evil be any more substantive?<br />There is really very little that can be said about the movie's weaknesses. Perhaps the orgy ritual may come across to some as a little baffling but I believe it very stunningly symbolizes our inherent instincts for philandaring. That the unrueful participants should feel necessary to don masks and hide their identity while doing their deeds only underscores their haplessness in the face of their desires.<br />The movie will keep you on your toes, and just when you think you have figured it out you will be presented with something uncanny. The denouement, in fact the very last word before the final credits roll, is a strikingly apt summary of almost all marital relationships.<br />Come to think of it, the whole movie sports dialog that is sharp and crisp, one of the reasons I watch movies more than once, which makes this DVD a very worthy purchase. Highly, highly recommended.said about the movie's weaknesses. Perhaps the orgy ritual may come across to some as a little baffling but I believe it very stunningly symbolizes our inherent instincts for philandaring. That the unrueful participants should feel necessary to don masks and hide their identity while doing their deeds only underscores their haplessness in the face of their desires.<br />The movie will keep you on your toes, and just when you think you have figured it out you will be presented with something uncanny. The denouement, in fact the very last word before the final credits roll, is a strikingly apt summary of almost all marital relationships.<br />Come to think of it, the whole movie sports dialog that is sharp and crisp, one of the reasons I watch movies more than once, which makes this DVD a very worthy purchase. Highly, highly recommended.
B000002UVX|5.0|Combined with the more recent Hendrix family released double album, this cd allows for a taste of where Jimi was headed.  Buddy Miles and long time army pal Billy Cox allowed Jimi to find a new sound amongst tremendous pressure.  Never quite able to escape requests for classics such as Wild Thing or Purple Haze, Jimi was once again evolving at an exponential rate and truly finding the funky soulful groove that was the Band of Gypsys. What a truly special way to bring in a New Year, and one especially significant as the transition for the 60's to the 70's possesses a complexity still being felt today.  To those only familiar with his 3 studio albums, you owe it to yourself to search out this cd, as well as other live performances. Here you will truly be able to hear the power, majesty, and compassion of Jimi's music.  Listen to the music carefully, as he is speaking to you, just the same as the damn lucky folks in attendance.  <br />While All Along The Watchtower is considered the seminal cover of all time with Dylan even saying Jimi's version found his true voice, I implore you to locate a copy of Jimi Hendrix covering Bob Dylan's 'Like A Rolling Stone,'for this is something for everyone to hear.  I guarantee you will not be disappointed.
B000089CJI|3.0|I really have enjoyed listening to this album, especially in the car, stopped next to people at a traffic light, at 3AM.  It's a pretty solid effort from a band I saw on MTV2 at 4 in the morning.  The songs pretty much go in order of best to worst.  The first two songs are great, #3 Sleep In is pretty damn good, especially the JFK references, 4-7 are average and tolerable, while I often get lost trying to listen through songs 8-10 and go right back to &quot;The district sleeps alone tonight&quot;, and start all over.  Overall, the songs hook you a bit and its a nice effort.
B00004THAY|3.0|If you are into blues, you may stop reading this review right about here and get the album. Hardly anything you haven't already heard before but still worth a decent coin.<br />For the rest of us, it is a slightly less compelling album from the two guitar-meisters. King has traditionally stuck to his blues camp, while Clapton has been more promiscuous with his range, even attempting hiphop that sadly resulted in travesties like &quot;Pilgrim&quot;. Together, one would have expected some pretty heavy guitar fireworks from the two mavens, but barring an occasional gem or two (e.g., the wonderfully smoky &quot;Key to the highway&quot; or the acoustic &quot;Worried life blues&quot;) those moments never really come.<br />You may be better off spending your stash on &quot;Reflections&quot; by King or &quot;Clapton Chronicles&quot; instead.
B000092ZYX|3.0|The word that comes to mind when I hear this album, is simply incosistent. Where Radiohead used to be masters of choosing which songs to put on an album to maintain flow and consistency, they seem to care less and less about such things with the last two albums. However, this album is no where near as bad in this department as &quot;Amnesiac&quot;. The songs found on &quot;Amnesiac&quot; had an excuse for not working well together. Afterall, it sounded much like what it was, a collection of songs that didn't make the cut the first go around that were thrown together for another release. That being said, &quot;Amnesiac&quot; had some absolute classic Radiohead songs on it, but this still doesn't save it from being the second worst Radiohead album in my opinion. I find a great deal of importance in songs fitting together on an album. Songs can be great on their own right, but if they do not work together within the context of a whole piece of music it doesn't make for a great album. Where &quot;Kid A&quot;, &quot;Ok Computer&quot;, and to a lesser extent &quot;The Bends&quot; fit together from start to finish so flawlessy, &quot;Hail To The Theif&quot; sounds like a collection of songs written during different periods of the band's career that they tried to make work together. The two worst tracks &quot;The Gloaming&quot; and &quot;Backdrifts&quot; try to capture the magic of the Kid A/Amnesiac era but fail miserably and end up screaming b-side. As a whole, each song is wonderful in its own right, but as an album Hail To The Theif comes up quite short of the bar set by Radiohead's past work.<br />Note: For those of you wishing for a return to &quot;The Bends&quot; grow up and time warp yourself into 2003, or you could just listen to Coldplay if you want a band that puts out the same trite garbage every album.
0385504209|5.0|This is what reading a book should be.  Too good to put down.  And when it is finished, you want to further explore so many of the issues raised. The best combination of suspense and fun, mixed with historical and scientific realities.
B00005YW4H|3.0|Sure, Norah sings well with such a good voice.  But after the first song, everything else that followed seem to be a variation of Dont Know Why and sounded the same.  I stopped after the third song.....was there anything else good that followed?  Dont know why has since been included in compilations and I think I have enough of Norah right now with just that one sone.
630469654X|4.0|LadyHawke is one of the all time great romance stories of eighties movies.  You have to remember this when watching in order to explain the terrible soundtrack.  Matthew Broderick does a wonderful job as &quot;the Mouse&quot;, and it is a joy to watch him as a much younger actor.  The struggle of Isabeau and Navaar is also fascinating to see.  This unique stroyline of lovers that are cursed to only see each other in their true form for less than a second as they transform is touching, and at times heartbreaking.  Give it a shot.  You won't regret it.
B00008A7HZ|5.0|Delta Goodrem is the best new conqueror from Down Under, really talented artist.  Move over Kylie Minogue, Nicole Kidman.  A breath of fresh air, innocence and simply a good singer and piano player, move over too Diana Krall.
0375751513|5.0|All the great reviews speak for themself!  It's a book written by Oscar Wilde, that alone ought to make you order right on the spot!  This book is great!  I love it!  And I love Dorian Gray!  Get this book!
B0000019PA|5.0|It's impossible to describe the haunting and surreal lyricism of Jeff Mangum as expressed on this quietly magnificent recording. His vocal instrument brings to mind Dylan (Bob), but the lyrics, lingering with the ghosts of Anne Frank and Dylan (Thomas), and the somber carnival ride of sound behind it all suggest something so desolately intimate that it would be a sacrilege to draw comparisons.<br />&quot;One day we will die, and our ashes will fly from the aeroplane over the sea / but for now, we are young -- let us lay in the sun and count every beautiful thing we can see.&quot;<br />Neutral Milk Hotel's first recording, &quot;On Avery Island,&quot; already showed a unique talent for combining evocative literariness with eminently hummable songsmithery, underlined with soundscapes that are uncommon despite their apparent familiarity, but only on this record have they found a consistently distinctive sense of pace and rhythm that is as catchy as anything you've heard on the radio in the past decade, yet brimming with startlingly complex melodies and an evocative strength that leaves you either exhausted or exhilarated.
6304779356|5.0|Anybody who does not like this movie has a few bolts missing!  This is one of the top vampire movies of all time!  it didn't get that way without a reason.  It is good!  get it!
B00005JLYU|3.0|Utterly ridiculous, completely brainless, and a goofy, giggly, guilty pleasure, Charlie's Angels - Full Throttle is a mesmerizing display of what modern cinema can accomplish when a director is given a blank check and unlimited access to the wardrobe and special effects departments.  You know what to expect when the girls take on an entire camp of Mongolian thugs, dodge tank fire and missile launchers, crash through the top of a mile-high dam, hitch a ride on a helicopter on the way down with hostage in tow, and still manage to laugh their way back to Los Angeles.  We also find out Cameron Diaz can ride a mechanical bull, Drew Barrymore can out drink any man, and Lucy Liu can unscrew twelve-inch wood screws with her rear-end, all within the first five minutes of the movie.<br />Forget jiggle television, this is the new Charlie's Angels.  These girls are hot and director McG forces you to accept this.  From the close-up shots and leering camera angles, to the outfits that never last more than three minutes, to the suggestive dance numbers and dialogue, these girls spin, kick, fly, motocross, luge, and catch bullets in their Wonderbra kevlar vests without any hairs getting out of place.  But don't worry girls, you'll be happy to know all men have six-pack abs and never wear shirts.<br />I suppose I could take the popular route and trash this movie like the majority of the critics.  It's aimed squarely at the A.D.D. generation that can't watch a music video without additional stimulation. The freshness of the \\"girl power\\" television show was beat to death on the first movie.  This time it was flattened with a steamroller.  And the inane, nonstop giggling of these teenagers trapped in adult bodies is enough to drive you to self-mutilation.  It's one movie that is much improved with the sound off.  Yet somehow Full Throttle succeeds in spite of it all.  Perhaps it's because I was expecting all of this upfront?  I don't know - I still haven't turned my brain back on.
1400031362|5.0|Alexander McCall Smith has written over 50 books from specialized works as The Criminal Law of Botswana, Forensic<BR>Aspects of Sleep to Children's books. He currently is a Professor of Medical Law at Edinburgh University <br />Morality For Beautiful Girls <BR>Life has become complicated for Precious Ramotswe, proprietor of the No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency in Bostwana. She has a great deal to think about.  Mr. J.L.B.Matekoni, Mma Ramotswe's fiance and the owner of Tlokweng Road Speedy Motors, has been acting strangely of late. He is unusually listless and he seems uninterested either in his business or in her. What can be wrong with him? Precious determines her man is suffering from DEPRESSION! He too has lot's on his mind!<br />Being the only Detective Agency in town, and even though her business continues to grow, Mma Ramotswe's detective agency is not exactly prospering. But she has a lot of clients all demanding her services, and she has the repair shop to worry about  This is where Ramotswe's assistant, Mma Makutsi, (who happened to achieve the highest score on record at her vocational school with a 97%!) shines and proves to be an invaluable asset. She not only becomes the acting manager of Tlokweng Road Speedy Motors, but she even takes on a lucrative case of her own. While Makutsi investigates the moral character of four contestants in the Miss Beauty and Integrity Contest, Mma Ramotswe looks into a possible poisoning for an important &quot;Government Man&quot;. <BR>Mma Ramotswe's sweet nature, unerring instincts and inherent common sense make her both a wonderful friend and a<BR>superb detective. Mma Makutsi comes into her own in this novel, as she shows herself to be both an excellent investigator<BR>and a shrewd manager. Another winning read from the author with excellent and interesting character development as both the characters and the reader become involved with the plot. Relax and enjoy another entry in this wonderful series!<br />I thoroughly enjoyed this book for it's unique and likable characters and exotic setting. The uniqueness of the mysteries<BR>reflect a simpler lifestyle than many of us live and especially expect in a &quot;mystery&quot;. TOTAL ENJOYMENT!<BR>John Row
B00005QIPH|4.0|excellent album from the hardest working band in rock n' roll
037542217X|5.0|Alexander McCall Smith has written over 50 books from specialized works as The Criminal Law of Botswana, Forensic<br />Aspects of Sleep to Children's books. He currently is a Professor of Medical Law at Edinburgh University<br />The Kalahari Typing School For Men<br />Now that The No. 1 Ladies' Detective Agency (UNTIL NOW, the only detective agency for ladies and others in Botswana) is established, its founder, Precious Ramotswe, can look upon her life with pride: she's reached her late thirties  (\\"the finest age to be\\"), has a house, two children, a good fianc&eacute; -- Mr. J. L. B. Matekoni -- and many satisfied customers. But life is never without its problems. It turns out that her adopted son is responsible for the dead hoopoe bird in the garden; her assistant, Mma Makutsi, wants a husband and needs help with her idea to open the Kalahari Typing School for Men; yet Mma Ramotswe's sexist rival has no trouble opening his Satisfaction Guaranteed Detective Agency across town. Will Precious Ramotswe's delightfully cunning and profoundly moral methods save the day? Follow the continuing story of Botswana's first lady detective in the irresistible \\"Kalahari Typing School for Men\\".<br />Readers who haven't yet discovered Mma Ramotswe will enjoy discovering how her quiet humor, understated observations on life, and resolutely intuitive approach to detection promise to put Botswana on the sleuthing map for good.<br />IF there is a downside to this excellent series of enchanting mysteries, it is that it takes several years after a books initial release overseas to appear in US publication. Readers who are hooked on the lovable characters, beautiful setting and imaginative plots will be glad to know that The Full Cupboard of Life (the 5th in the series, is to be published by Polygon UK May 2003). And in a recent interview Alexander McCall Smith forsees even more books in the series!  When will Mma Ramotswe and Mr J.L.B. Metekoni tie the knot (is that the correct phrase for getting married in Botswana?). What further adventures and Life's lessons will the group encounter and share with their readers? I for one CAN'T WAIT!!!<br />The Full Cupboard of Life (the 5th in the series, is to be published by Polygon UK May 2003)<br />I thoroughly enjoyed this book for it's unique and likable characters and exotic setting. The uniqueness of the mysteries<br />reflect a simpler lifestyle than many of us live and especially expect in a \\"mystery\\". TOTAL ENJOYMENT!<br />John Rowmarried in Botswana?). What further adventures and Life's lessons will the group encounter and share with their readers? I for one CAN'T WAIT!!!<br />The Full Cupboard of Life (the 5th in the series, is to be published by Polygon UK May 2003) <br />I thoroughly enjoyed this book for it's unique and likable characters and exotic setting. The uniqueness of the mysteries<BR>reflect a simpler lifestyle than many of us live and especially expect in a \\"mystery\\". TOTAL ENJOYMENT!<BR>John Row
B000002UJQ|5.0|This has to be one the best albums recorded in the last 20 years. Rock and Roll at it's core! it is an example of how there are still artists out there that have real talent as musicians and not icons. Artistic, melody driven, and unusual it transcends what most music has become, it is truly a masterpiece and the finest recording In my opinion this band has released. &quot;The Bends&quot; and &quot;Hail to the Thief&quot; are my other favorites.
B000088E6D|5.0|I can't stop listening to this cd.  Michael Buble has the Sinatra sound we all love with this style of music, yet he's not same old-same old or an imitator.  I love the sassy edge he gives to the hot charts, which is reminicent of Bobby Darin, and the tenderness and smooth tone of the quieter moments, which sounds a bit like Mel Torme.<BR>I know I keep comparing him to others, but there really is a freshness.  The quality of his sound evokes the comfort of familiarity, yet his passion makes it exciting and new. The arrangements are very nice, overall, and he is surrounded by quite an impressive company of muscians; this all launches and supports him well, yet the thing I'm hearing and loving has to do with him.  I listen to standards all the time and can get bored with some treatments and some vocalists.  I mean, you wouldn't think you'd want to hear anybody but Peggy Lee do &quot;Fever&quot;, but Buble explodes this chart into a new realm without being pretentious or disrespecting the classic original. <BR>Whatever &quot;it&quot; is, he's got it and I look forward to future projects.
0760707251|5.0|The Special Read Along Edition of this classic is designed in size and print to be read along with your child.<br />The 47 black-and-white drawings by Garth Williams bring the story to life. 8 1/2\\" x 11\\". For all ages. 184 pages. Hardcover.
B00007BH5C|4.0|I aboslutely love Howard Shore's score.  If this is any normal CD, it will be a 6 out of 5.  However, the publisher's decision to add many embedded PC elements on the disk make it extremely annoying to listen to on a computer.  For example, an auto startup screen pop up when you put in the disc.  Windows Media Player cannot copy the last track Gollum's Song, pressumably because computer files are written too close to it.  I have not figure out a way to turn the tracks into MP3's (a totally legal activity as long as you don't share it with others)to use on your portable MP3 player. ARGHHH.
B00005JLWN|5.0|equilibrium is about a dystopian earth that lingers on ideas of social systems. <br />this movie kicks the ... out of many action sequences done today, comparing it to the matrix seems inevitable because its a dark film with scifi with great visuals but comparing it is not good. <br />the premise is After World War III (a war caused by man's \\"emotional\\" unbalance), a new society arises from the ashes. It is a world where emotion (or \\"sense violations\\") are outlawed and punishable by immediate execution. <br />To keep everything in check, residents within the walled city are given five daily doses(interesting paralell to Moslem's 5 prayers a day in Mecca, a walled city ), or intervals, of an emotion-blocking drug called Prozium. <br />Sense violations, which occur primarily outside the city walls, are enforced by Clerics of the Tetragrammatron, aka \\"Fathers.\\" these clerics are a new policing religious order that are judge jury and executioner to whoever commits the crime of having feelings. when they are fighting and holed in somewhere,They've figured out the mathematical possibility of combat, and they put themselves in the least statistically possible place to be hit at each moment of a fight,. and boy do they fight <br />Christian Bale plays John Preston, the highest-ranking Cleric who is both a brutal executioner and practitioner of Gun Kata (more on that below). Preston misses a dose one morning and his chemically-muted reality starts to crumble. <br />As more and more of his manufactured reality comes apart, Preston eventually finds the \\"underground\\" where he is recruited to help bring down the system. As his partner Brandt (Taye Diggs) becomes more and more suspicious, Preston must deal with his flood of emotions, the death of his wife, and the imminent execution of a sense offender named Mary (Emily Watson) whom he arrested before. <br />if the following below does not sound cool to action fans then action movies should not be made<br />Gun Kata : a form of martial arts created by filmmaker Kurt Wimmer. (first time i think a martial arts has been created for a film) In Gun Kata, the practitioner of the art uses guns as an extension of controlled bursts of acrobatics. The theory being that each gun-battle only has limited outcomes and by applying a series of angles and probability factors to potential foes, one can win any shootout. The sequences are excellently conceived and very exciting to watch. now doesnt this alone sound cool enough? <br />the movie's budget was 20 mil, and it shows in some sequences but they make the best of wht they have... good production design, unoriginal philosophical concepts borrowed from 1984, ray bradbury's fahrenheit 51,looks like a \\"B\\" film at times.. etc<br />this movie oozes style and christian bale is a damn good action hero who has acting chops and coolness to boot <br />The director of this film Kurt Wimmer is worth keeping an eye on for the future.
0385504209|3.0|When I first picked up this book on recommendation from various sources, I didn't know it was based on the Templar / Grail myth.  The world of shadowy yet powerful secret societies and multi-layered codes created by Dan Brown is no doubt fascinating,  I could scarsely put the book down.  As a suspense novel, it is an exciting ride that will have you cradling the book by your bedside lamp til dawn.<br />However, about 3/4 into the book I started having reservations about his work... since I already know of the alternative history of the Holy Grail, I was disturbed by how little he gives credit to actual researchers who paved way for his own success.  Yes, the book is categorized as \\"fiction\\", but if the entire idea of Da Vinci having a coded message in his paintings is practically ripped from the first chapter of The Templar Revelation by Lynn Picknett, you'd think he would mention it more than just including it in a character's library.  ...P>The grail myth serves as a great device to further the story, however, the ambigious nature of it brings up questions that Brown never resolves in the end.  By only using the surface intrigues of the myth (for example, Da Vinci's hidden symbols) and ignoring deeper questions of \\"the truth\\" (would such influential men do so much to worship the heir of an extinct dynasty? What is their true motive?) Brown muddles the true puzzles of the myth by giving it a rather Indiana Jones kind of ending.<br />Bottomline:  Great exciting read for the un-initiated.  Grail enthusiasts will already know the \\"big kaboom\\" and will be disappointed by \\"the conclusion\\".
B00008EY9G|3.0|Overall Good thriller, certainly not the best but satisfying.<br />if youve seen the trailer thts the only plot line you need to know till you actually watch the film. there are people who meet in a motel and people start dying...<br />the rest i dont think i ,or anyone whose seen the movie should comment on. ive seen movies which go really good the first two acts,and then fall flat in the final plot line revealing a formulaic twist. cos its the in thing. identity is different in that respect. it goes on autopilot pretty much for the first two acts then becomes ingenious on a very simple idea. <br />if you know thinking movies youll have it figured somewhat. <BR>now this film doesnt give you a big shock at the end, it nurtures you through twists delivering the final act through sense. there are clues laid throughout the film,watch everything closely. <BR>when one says that, people think it means look at the camera framing closely or what happens in the background but i dont mean that. i mean look at each character within the plot, what their motivations are,intentions, what they do at certain times etc<br />the film is directed well but could be way tighter, if this film was visually stylish it would become a cult classic but James Mangold cant handle the noose around a plot's neck too well, now if David Fincher (seven,fight club) directed this, it would be very very cool. during some points the movie seems like it will go down to being laughably bad..but dont let this fool you. its deliberate. <br />its somewhat an agatha christie whodunnit with hints of a slasher movie which turns the rules and stereotypes of horror/thriller films on its rear end. <br />i think thats a fair review because this film is all about plot. <br />its a good watch,recommended
B00005JLEU|5.0|This film works great in English, but if you can understand Japanese, you HAVE to watch it in its original language. Some things just don't have the greatest translatability into English, unfortunately. As a person who grew up in Japan, many of the sensibilities of the film are intimately familiar with me, and the in-jokes that Miyazaki plays in Spirited Away makes the story more touching than the script and animation alone can convey. At any price, this movie is a steal!
B00003CXXM|5.0|I have read the Bourne Trillogy by Robert Ludlum, which is a very great series however when I heard they were going to make movies on them I was a little skeptical. These books are highly involved psychological thrillers, not really good for movies. The movie adaptation takes a lot of the plot, character traits and locations and adapts them to a more practical script. Matt Damon is perfect in this role as the confused spy whose memory gradually comes back to him. <BR>Now taking The Bourne Identity paticularly from a movie standpoint it is superb. The action is enough to compete with today's action films and even add some of their own memorable scenes, for example the Mini car chase and many of Bourne's fight scenes. The soundtrack was excellent for this mysterious action thriller and really put you in the mood as apposed to just playing loud synthesized music like majority of action films.<BR>This movie is a great movie overall and I hope The Bourne Supremacy continues in the footsteps of this good spy thriller
B00008S2VG|2.0|I love Madonna but was so disappointed in this album.  I was the biggest wanna be in my home town and loved her power and energy, but of course her catchy songs kept me hooked and I have followed her career closely ever since.  After Ray of Light, <BR>I knew that was it.  How could she top that musically?  This album, although she is more open and trying to reveal her soul to us in American Life, was just unbalanced to me and I really did not feel anything special in it musically.  Hollywood is the best song on the album, and the only song remotely danceable is &quot;Die Another Day&quot;.  But, I love her anyway and will always buy her records.
B000000I0Q|4.0|This recording has grown on me. It wasn't what I expected. This is not a &quot;guitar&quot; album. You'd think after being in the keyboard dominated Genesis that his electric guitar would be all over his first solo, but it just isn't. In fact, the guitar to keyboard ratio is about the same as in his work with Genesis.<BR>But there is much here to love. At first I found Phil Collins singing here to be oddly restrained, but now it seems just right for Star of Sirius. <BR>Steve manages to offer a nice mix of styles and avoids any Wakeman style pretensions or bombast. To really hear a lot of Hackett's guitar, the places to go remain 'Please Don't Touch' and 'GTR'.
B000024D4R|5.0|One night while country cruising, a friend and myself were really in the mood for some Floyd.  Unfortunately, I didn't have any in the car so I simply stopped by the store to grab a CD.  At this point I only had Dark Side and Wish You Were Here, so I didn't know what to expect when I came across Animals, which I'd never heard of.  When we put it on we were blown away.  <BR>This album contains some of the most awesome music ever.  Waters is lyrically amazing as usually and penned some really great tunes for this one.  Mason always gets great feel out of his drums that really match the song.  Wright stays a little more in the background but still lays down some simply awesome keyboards.  But Gilmour, jeez, the lead work on this album is something not from this earth.<BR>Pigs on the Wing 1 and 2 - Bookends to the 3 long songs.  Work great because they are so cut back and simple compared to the epics.<BR>Dogs - One of the best songs ever.  One of the greatest guitar solos ever.  You'd never know this song was 17 minutes if it didn't say it right on the cd<BR>Pigs - The catchiest vocals on the album and great lyrics they are.  The pig sounds in the middle are great and the guitar solo at the end is so good it brings tears to the eyes.<BR>Sheep - Probably the best known song off the album, though not my favorite.  Still the lyrics are awesome.  Plus, to go from the quiet beginning to the monumental ending with that awesome guitar is just genius.<BR>In short, this is one of the most overlooked pieces of art of the 20th century.  Go buy it and prove me right.
B00004XMTH|5.0|I love this Musical! I Love Jo Gibb as: [ rumpleteezer]<BR> and Elaine Paige as Grizabella. <BR> WARNING:  there are some PG-13 moments. If your kids are 5, 6, 7<BR>  Watch this movie with them.]<BR>    <BR>In my school talent show , of 2002 I sang Memory.<BR>I love that song!<BR>     it's the best movie/show.<BR> I saw cats at the oakdale theatre.<BR> It was cool, Super cool!<BR>  I have the two tape edition with behind the scenes and The show<BR> Cats.  I love cats. WATCH THIS SHOW WITH YOUR KIDS WHO ARE TOTALLY CRAZY ABOUT CATS!<br />- Rachel  Age ten =^..^=
B000002UAX|5.0|Although some would like to give that honor to Sgt. Peppers, the White Album is musically superior and more groundbreaking than Pepper, which although a great album, just happened to hit at the right time with the right style to become monumental.  (Much like Nevermind by Nirvana in the early 90's)<BR>The White Album is one of the most diverse albums of all time and contains plenty of music, so there is something for everyone to enjoy.<BR>Back In The USSR - A great cathcy song with great backing vocals and good guitar. Kind of a Beach Boys parody.<BR>Dear Prudence - A slower song by John that starts with quiet guitar and then builds up to great soaring guitar, great bassline, good drumming, just to quiet back down.  Great lyrics and one of the best songs on the album.<BR>Glass Onion - A fairly straightforward song by John, in which he complains about people over analyzing his lyrics. The Orchestra at the end is pretty cool<BR>Ob-La-Di-Ob_La-Da - A lot cheezy for me, but is just so damn hummable and melodic.  The theme song for LIfe Goes ON. Definetly a Paul song and one that John hated<BR>Wild Honey Pie - An eccentricity on the album.  Weird guitar and percussion, with Honey Pie being warbled over it. Strange, but would not be the same album without it.<BR>The Continuing Story of Bungalow Bill - Often called, fun but nothing more, this song actually has great lyrics that happen to be very campfire sing-a-longish, one of my favorites on the album. Yoko gets a line in this one, too.<BR>WHile My Guitar Gently Weeps - A George song that is possible his greatest.  Great lyrics and melody.  Descending chord pattern is great and Eric Clapton plays a majestic lead guitar over top of it all.<BR>Happiness is a Warm Gun - A great song with great lyrics and great music.  Three separate sections come together to make a very fulfilling whole.  Lyrics make me think of either heroin or sex, but more than likely both. It's a Lennon one.<BR>Martha My Dear - A kind of Sappy McCartneysong, but still a good melody, kind of glaab lyrics though.<BR>I'm So Tired- One of my all time favorite songs. Written by Lennon it has awesome lyrics, a great melody, and is just wonderfully written.<BR>Blackbird- Simple acoustic song with just McCartney.  Good lyrics, good acoutic guitar and good vocals.  Possibly Paul's best on the album.<BR>Piggies - Kind of a strange George song.<BR>ROcky Raccoon - A country and western style type song that tells a story, not remarkable but enjoyable.<BR>Don't Pass Me By - Ringo's first writing contribution to a Beatle's Album.  Not too bad, but the rhythm track is so bouncy its great.<BR>Why Don't We Do it in the Road? - A paul song that sounds kind of like John.  I like the lyrics, but Paul's vocals make the song.<BR>I Will - People kind of trash this Paul song as mushy, but it is short, sweet, and simple - everything a love song should be. Pretty melody.<BR>Julia - A lennon song and the only one he did solo while in the beatles.  Just John and his acoustic.  Very sad and moving.  Beautiful lyrics and a beautiful melody.<BR>Birthday - A famous birthday song, that is just straight rock and roll, done very well.<BR>Yer Blues - Lennon screaming suicidal rantings over heavy blues.  Very cool.<BR>Mother Nature's Son - A piece of McCartney light<BR>EGSTHEMAMM-A great and pointless rock and roll song by Lennon.<BR>Sexy Sadie - About JOhn's dissatisfaction with the Mahareshi.  The piano is good and soulful and the melody is catchy<BR>Helter Skelter - The song that for some reason made Charles Manson want to kill.  Other than that, probably the most hard rocking song the Beatles ever did.  Simple and straightforward, but also great.<BR>Long, Long, Long - a Harrison song that is quiet, pretty and emotional.<BR>Revolution - A doo wop version of the famous single.  Great lyrics and musically superior to the harder, faster, version.<BR>Honey Pie - A 30's style song by Paul.  Good because it adds another flavour to the album.<BR>Savoy Truffle - Great fuzzy guitar and beefy horns on this Harrison song about candy. Fun and catchy.<BR>Cry Baby Cry - A nice but unremarkable Lennon song.<BR>Revolution 9 - An eight minute soundscape by John and Yoko.  Hard to listen to at first but it grows on you when you realize it was actually put together by people.  Part of what makes this album legendary.<BR>Goodnight - A john song written as a lullaby for his son Julian.  Ringo sings it and with its orchestration it almost sounds lifted from a Disney film.<BR>This album is great.  You should have bought it yesterday.
B000009EAD|4.0|This was my first of this band.  I have read many a review proclaiming their greatness and it goes without saying this is an excellent band.  They are similiar to Savatage but heavier.  What I found most interesting was the the singer Kevin Barlow has an interesting voice in that sometimes he sounded like Geoff Tate of Queensryche and he sounds like Paul Stanley of Kiss on &quot;Blessed Are You&quot; when he sings the chorus,its uncanny.  A very interesting mix.  It was nice how they arranged the album so you have a rocker then a ballad thruout the album.  Growing up in the 1980's which was arguably the decade which metal heads like myself were able to break out and never look back I must say this group reminds me of my rocking youth.  Standout tracks include: Burning Times, Melancholy (which i've heard some say their best song ever, but i regress), Watching over me (about  Schaffer's real life boyhood friend who died), Consequences.  But the REAL Treasure is &quot;Blessed Are You&quot; an excellent song!  As much as I like Iced Earth the true MASTERPIECE is Demons and Wizards, a side project by Iced Earth's juitarist and writer Jon Schaffer and Blind GuardiansHansi Kursch.  Also check out Iced Earths best album The Dark Saga and their excellent album of rock covers Tribute to the Gods.
B000002UAR|5.0|1966 found the Beatles in this so called transition phase, but that's only speaking in historic terms.  They did not think of it as a transition. A better word would be evolution.  They kept doing better and better things: more studio experiments, different writing styles, more diverse lyrical statements.  Revolver takes from Rubber Soul and expands on it, both musically and lyrically.  Some have called this album the best the Beatles ever did, while others have called it the best album ever.  Whether either statement is true is a matter of opinion, but calling this album great and enjoyable aren't just opinions, they are facts.<BR>Taxman - Great social wit from Harrison and wonderful guitar breaks, a great opener.<BR>Eleanor Rigby - My least favorite on the album, but I can see why others love it: good lyrics and melody just not my style<BR>I'm Only Sleeping- Awesome lyrics,great guitars, and an awesome backwards guitar solo.<BR>Love You To - My favorite of George's Indian songs, very 60's lyrics and the instrumental ending is really cool<BR>Here, There and Everywhere - A very simple Paul song with a great melody, not much else but a good simple song<BR>Yellow Submarine - Pretty impressive sound effects for 1966, a fun, harmless song to sing at the top of your lungs drunk with friends.<BR>She Said, She Said - Pretty cool Lennon lyrics inspired by Peter Fonda and an acid trip.  Good guitars too.<BR>Good Day Sunshine - It wouldn't be a Beatle's album without a really happy song and this delivers.<BR>An Your Bird Can Sing - The Best song on the album.  Prime Lennon vocal and lyrics.  Musically awesome with great, great guitar.<BR>For No One - A slower Paul song with a great melody and neat French horn solo<BR>Doctor Robert - Typical Lennon song.  Gets you singing along with him before you even realize what he's saying.<BR>I Want To Tell You - Decent George song, most notable for its discordant piano.<BR>Got to Get You Into My Life - Happy Paul song either about pot oracid.  The horns are great and very motown.<BR>Tomorrow Never Knows - Named after a Ringoism(A hard day's night, eight days a week) the best lyrics on the album and the sound effects are very strange and trippy.  Too bad the song isn't longer but it finishes off this great album with a bang.<br />Don't pick a song or two to play, just put it in and push play - it's the only real way to listen to it.
B00004I9VE|5.0|ITS GREAT I LOVE IT &amp; ALL THE SONGS ON THERE MY FAVORITE SONGS ON THERE ARE BEAT IT BILLIE JEAN THRILLER.<br />FROM KIRSTEN
B00008NRI8|4.0|Sandra Bullock knows how to produce funny movies.  She's done a number of them in the past, and with &quot;Two Weeks Notice&quot;, she proves that she continues to evolve.  If she continues to evolve this fast between movies, then in a few years, she'll get an Oscar nomination for Best Picture.  Besides, Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great acting duo.  They know how to create the best rivalries and the best love scenes.  Grant's great acting matches perfect with that.  <br />This movie doesn't have a dull moment.  The writers know how to make their audience laugh.  At the same time, they make many wonderful, meaningful political statements(another Bullock idea).  Anyone who watches &quot;Two Weeks Notice&quot; will leave satisfied.  One will crave for the next Sandra Bullock produced movie.
B00003CXA2|5.0|This movie hands down has one of the best performances in a movie.  Tom Hanks does a brilliant job of playing a slow-witted Southerner relating his tale of woe to anyone sitting next to him at the bus stop.  Forrest is mocked for being dumb his entire life, but through his ignorance of the outside world he treats everybody as his best friend, and in doing so touches many lives including that of Lieutenant Dan(Gary Sinise) and Jenny(Robin Wright Penn).  The director, Robert Zemeckis, established a name for himself prior to this film by making many great family films such as the Back to the Future trilogy and Who Framed Roger Rabbit? Forrest Gump is an important movie in the history of film because it became Zemeckis' best film and helped make Tom Hanks known for his wonderful acting and not his flop comedies of the 80's.
B000000H40|5.0|This is not your typical Death metal release. I was expecting a very intense, savage album, but instead what I got was a slow, groove laden, but very heavy album with some of the most bizzare vocals I've heard In Death metal. I'll admit, John Tardy's vocals are not easy to get used to, but they are unique in their own way. James Murphy can outplay most other guitarists in Death metal (also check out his great work on Testament's \\"The gathering\\") and their drummer lays down some nice, solid beats. There is also a very good cover of the Celtic frost classic \\"Circle of the tyrants\\". For another good cover check out \\"Buried alive\\" originally by Venom off of \\"Anthology\\". It's good to hear a band that finally gives props to some of the truly underrated pioneers of this style of music. My favorite tracks include \\"Infected\\", and the title track. All in all, this is for people who want structure and lots of melody in their Death metal.
B00006IUL7|2.0|I have always been an Al Pacino fan, and always thought he had a good range in terms of what kind of movie he could pull off well.  Robin Williams on the other hand, I always thought had little range and should stick to comedy.  After seeing Jumanji, it gets hard to picture Williams as a killer, but surprisingly enough his performance in Insomnia is actually very well done, and Pacino also gives a fantastic performance as a detective struck with Insomnia after accidentally killing a long time partner and friend.  <BR>The problem with Insomnia is not the acting, rather the story itself is so simple to the point of being predictable.  Normally convoluted stories do not interest me, and at first I liked the way Insomnia remained basic, but after the first half hour with very few intriguing events, Insomnia turned out to be exceptionally boring.  I don't mean to sound like an action buff only interested in fight scenes, but when each event is predictable twenty minutes before it happens there is cause for concern.  My opinion on this movie is often challenged; many critics and audiences alike enjoyed the cat and mouse game between Pacino and Williams, but while watching the movie I constantly felt a need for something more in this movie, because as it stands the one word I would use to describe Insomnia would be generic.
B00006NSZ5|1.0|This cd is horrible except for Lose Yourself and u wanna be me
B00008NG5V|5.0|This album is incredible. Every track is sensational. Jake Johnson is an amazing talent whose soulful voice is a little reminisent of the late Bradly Knowle (hope I spelled his name right). It's safe to say that this is the best album I've heard in years.
B00004BZ0N|3.0|I made the mistake of believing this was going to be a punk record. However, when i listened to it  i discovered that it was a little bit of punk and a lot of ska,rockabilly,and other genres. It's not a bad record... but it just doesnt seem to have that certain something that makes it a great album. I feel a little bit guilty about not loving this album. It seems as if everyone is in love with it and i am the only person thats not.  There are some good tracks such as Lost in the Supermarket, Train in Vain, Brand New Cadillac, and obviously London Calling.<br />This is not a bad album... in fact it is pretty good. However, i just cant find the greatness in it. None the less, it is worth buying and who knows... mabye you will love it.
0812550706|5.0|This is a very gripping story.  You will not want to put down.  An amazing plot.  Very well built characters.  Dark at many times.  Full of surprises.  If you have been looking for a great sci-fi book look no furter!  I do not want to give away the plot but it is about a boy named Andrew (ender) wiggin.
B000003CKH|5.0|This cd is just incredible, plain and simple. From start to finish, it's just exploding with incredible musicality- wicked guitars, horns, drum, bass etc. And John McCrea's caustic, facetious lyrics are very fetching and original. I don't have one complaint about this album. The hit song, Going the Distance, is great, and so are all the others. John's voice reminds of Lou Reed's at times, in that half singing half bantering drawl that Reed made so recognizable. Any fan of just really catchy melodies and great lyrics should enjoy this immensely. Open Book, Frank Sinatra and Daria are my favorites.
B000089RVX|5.0|I do mean awe-some, as in it creates awe whenever heard. Amy's voice is excellent! The lyrics are thought provoking and meaningful. It's exactly what we need. The topics are softened by her voice. It's just a great CD all around.
B00005JKED|4.0|When I first heard that Denzel Washington won the Best Actor Oscar for his role in this movie, I had not yet seen it, but being familiar with his work, I thought that he had probably turned in a good performance. When I finally got around to seeing &quot;Training Day&quot;, I was extremely impressed by his work and I thought that awarding him the Oscar was one of the best decisions the academy had made that year. Next to his performance in &quot;Malcolm X&quot;, this is probably Denzel's finest hour. Watching the movie, I got the feeling that he really understood Alonzo and wasn't just saying his lines like a drone. It's great to see him playing such a different  and interesting character instead of just another &quot;good guy role&quot;.<br />While Denzel really steals the show here, Ethan Hawke turns in some excellent work as well. He plays Jake Hoyt to perfection and also appears to have a good understanding of <BR>what the character is like. He's extremely believable as the young, some what naive, rooky cop who just wants to help people out and maybe bring a little recognition to his name in the process. There's great chemistry between him and Denzel too, best exhibited in the restaurent scene in the beginning of the movie. Some great work by both actors.<br />The direction from Fuqua is great too. You can see that he's grown a lot since &quot;Replacement Killers&quot;. When I first watched the movie, I didn't really think the direction was anything special, but after I listened to the commentary, I developed more appreciation for his work. The story about how he was able to shoot scenes in the gang neighborhoods was especially entertaining.<br />While the story isn't the most realistic one imaginable, it's still absorbing and doesn't follow the same old pattern and get boring like many other cop movies tend to do. The twists and turns keep coming, although they aren't as unexpeted to the viewer as they are to Jake. It's pretty easy to see the general idea of what's going to happen after a certain point, but's it's still entertaining to see how things unfold.<br />The DVD features are decent, but they leave some stuff to be desired. Fuqua's commentary is good, but it would've been nice to see one from Ethan Hawke and Denzel too. The deleted scenes and alternate ending are all pretty good and so is the behind the scenes documentary. All in all, it's a pretty good buy.
B000092ZYX|5.0|I was horrified having read a review by a very smart(all sarcasm there) person with no apparent taste for good music...Talking about Radiohead being &quot;Posers,&quot; and how we should ALL admire Justin Timberlake's new album. First off let me begin by letting EVERYONE know that Radiohead DEFINES the word &quot;original&quot;...Not to mention the &quot;Album of the Year&quot; award for 1997's OK Computer. No &quot;Boy Band&quot; will ever achieve that. The music has purpose and depth with a REAL MEANING. Radiohead stands for what they believe in and it SHINES through their masterpiece ALBUMS they have released since 1992(6 full length albums in all). How many bands are up to par for 6 albums in a row spanning a decade or more? Not very many in my opinion, but Radiohead continually delivers. This album is basically a melting pot for every sound they have achieved, and molded all together for a brilliant album. This album is absolutely wonderful, and this is the ONLY band I listen to continuously without ever tiring of them. Expand your mind, listen to Radiohead.
B00005JKPF|5.0|The unforgettable scene of this movie is the one in which sacrifice and complete unselfishness rise up and highlight the noble characteristics of humanity that includes the mutants.<br />This single moment in the film makes watching it worthwhile and gets under the skin of each and every viewer; there wasn't a dry eye in the theatre hall during and after this scene.<br />I remember a few scenes in that caliber in past movies. They have always defined the essence of the movie and have always set the impression that would last long after the movie is finished.<br />For these kids of spiritual ascensions are people drawn to watch motion pictures - for these singular and rare moments in which the thought and belief that there is hope for mankind - in all of its diversity - emerge in its most glorious incarnation.<br />=============================================================<br />In this film, the mutants, whatever their goals may be, stand united (at least for a while) against a common and formidable enemy that wishes to destroy them because of what they are. As with many science fiction releases, there is a strong reference in the events of this film to the dark and terrible past of humanity.<br />This readiness to allude and remind the viewers parts of human history, as was the case in the first X-Men movie, gives this movie the right to exist and stand as an important educational vehicle for the young generation, this film's main audience. The fact that all of this is wrapped in the most appealing package of top-notch special effects does not diminish the success of the filmmakers to convey their messages but strengthen it by attracting as many education candidates as possible.<br />Take your kids and enjoy the ride.
0738206709|4.0|I very much enjoyed this book.  Mr Moody writes well and entertainingly about the origins of the Free Software Foundation and the Open Source Movement.  The historic characters in the drama are well drawn and engaging.  Time and again I'd remark 'So, that's where he/it came from!' as Moody traced the origin of Apache or Samba or Alan Cox.  I was very much reminded of the excellent history of the PC 'Fire in the Valley' that traces the origins of the PC industry to where we find it today.  I would recommend Rebel Code to someone interested in GNU/Linux and the inner workings of how it came to be.  This is a book for the tech historian, not necessarily the hacker.<br />  If I were to fault the book it would be that is is 3 years old.  As such it misses the effect of the tech bust/recession on the Linux movement, and the growing successes it has achieved recently from the third world (e.g. China's Red Flag distribution) to supercomputing.  I can only hope Mr. Moody will correct this fault with another edition.
B00005JM09|5.0|This movie kicked...  I loved it for a number of reasons.  There is a new villian female terminator the T-X.  This installment came 12 years after T-2 so it's expected to be the biggest and anticapated movie of the summer and the year.  I thought it was a hell of alot better than 1 and 2.  Just like the previous installments it was packed with 100% pure action from start to finish.  (Hey, after all it's a Terminator movie.  There are a number of machines which come to life when the T-X activates them.  The only ones I can remember are the T-1's the very first terminators.  They are huge and they have gatling guns attached to their arms.  This was the best Terminator film in the series.  The T-X was smoking hot.  I can't wait til it comes to DVD.  I hope it's packed with special features.  If you're a Terminator fan (like me) see it you won't regret it.
B00003CXB2|5.0|How fortunate to be able to see to this editor's cut (221-minute) version of this 70-mm film in DVD format. With all due respect to the superior acting provided by all members of the cast, the desert remains the central character because of the exquisite care with which director David Lean presents it. How insignificant human activities seem when set within the context of the endless, timeless sand. Nonetheless, occasionally an exceptional leader emerges who -- for whatever reasons -- eventually acquires mythic stature. Such a leader was T.E. Lawrence, author of The Seven Pillars of Wisdom on which Robert Bolt's screenplay is based. Paradoxically, we know a great deal about his relatively brief life and career and yet in so many ways he remains an enigma. Like a force of nature, perhaps he can never be fully understood. This film traces his military career from Cairo in 1917 until just before his death in 1935 at age 47. Most of the film focuses on his efforts to help the Arabs to achieve their independence, leading their revolt against the Turks and then trying (without much success) to get the leaders to trust and cooperate with each other. (Given the circumstances in the Middle East today, this is an especially interesting subject which Lean examines in some depth.) The cast includes a number of distinguished actors such as Omar Sharif (Sherif Ali ben El Kharish), Alex Guinness (King Feisal), Anthony Quinn (Auda Abu Tayi), Jack Hawkins (General Allenby), Claude Rains (Dryden) and Jose Ferrer (Turkish Bey). However, O'Toole's commanding presence dominates each scene in which he appears just as Lawrence's force of will overcomes Arab doubts about his leadership.<br />For me, this film has lost none of its impact since I first saw it in 1962. Yes, it is an epic in so many ways but Lean wisely includes a number of intimate moments which remind us that these are human beings whom his cast members portray. To both the British and to the Arabs, Lawrence was an enigma...and so he is to me. I am reminded of Whitman's observations in Song of Myself: \\"Do I contradict myself? Very well, then, I contradict myself. I am large. I contain multitudes.\\" The same can be said of O'Toole's Lawrence. Even by the conclusion of this almost three-hour film, we still do not fully understand the motives which drive Lawrence's behavior nor the demons which probably help to explain his immensely complicated personality. He seems to me to be -- like the vast dessert across which he establishes his celebrity -- a force of nature which is what it is, in some respects beyond our comprehension.and so he is to me. I am reminded of Whitman's observations in Song of Myself: \\"Do I contradict myself? Very well, then, I contradict myself. I am large. I contain multitudes.\\" The same can be said of O'Toole's Lawrence. Even by the conclusion of this almost three-hour film, we still do not fully understand the motives which drive Lawrence's behavior nor the demons which probably help to explain his immensely complicated personality. He seems to me to be -- like the vast dessert across which he establishes his celebrity -- a force of nature which is what it is, in some respects beyond our comprehension.
B00004RYZT|4.0|FYI- Du Hast does not mean you hate. Du HASST means you hate.  This song is actually about marriage- not about hate.  Mass media can confuse those not familiar with the german language.
0783211856|5.0|Curious about the etymology of  \\"holocaust,\\" I again consulted John Ayto's ever-reliable Dictionary of Word Origins and learned that the word has classical origins (as do most other words) and was first used in English by John Milton in reference to \\"complete destruction by fire.\\" Related meanings include \\"a complete burning\\" (from \\"burnt offering\\") and \\"a sacrifice completely consumed by fire.\\" In our own time we capitalize the word when referring to the process of systematic elimination by the Third Reich of everyone perceived to be an enemy. Most were Jews but hundreds of thousands of non-Jewish gypsies, clergy, artists, journalists, and political opponents were also among the victims.<br />I am unqualified to comment on this film's authenticity. However, I believe that to the extent possible and appropriate, Spielberg and his screen writers Steven Zaillian and Allan Starski were faithful as well as respectful to the historical material first provided to Thomas Keneally by \\"Schindlerjuden\\" (\\"Schindler's Jews\\"). The film is based on his book, Schindler's Ark (1982), later retitled Schindler's List. In 1993, the film as well as Spielberg and Zaillian and Starski were among the recipients of Academy Awards.<br />The basic situation is that Oskar Schindler (Liam Neeson) is a German industrialist in Poland whose company manufactures household items. After the Jews in the Krakow ghetto are transported to the Plaszow Forced Labor Camp in 1942, and Schindler's company is required to manufacture munitions for the German war effort, he seizes the opportunity to have Jews work for him as unpaid laborers. He maintains cordial relations with German officers with bribes and lavish entertainment and even enlists Commandant Amon Goeth (Ralph Fiennes) as his negotiator to obtain concessions (for a price) from Goeth's superior. The war continues. Over time, for reasons revealed in the film, Schindler develops a benevolent and then paternalistic attitude toward his Jewish workers, all of whose names are carefully recorded on a list compiled by the company's secretary/treasurer, Itzhak Stern (Ben Kingsley). Schindler exhausts his funds trying to protect them from reassignment to concentration camps. Eventually his efforts save approximately 1,100 Jews but by the film's conclusion, he is a bankrupt and broken man. His own life has also become \\"a sacrifice completely consumed by fire.\\"<br />Important films are not necessarily great films. Schindler's List is both. For obvious reasons, it portrays experiences of unique importance to Jews but to a Gentile such as I, it also has much of great value to say about what it means to be a human being worthy of the name. From accounts provided by the \\"Schindlerjuden,\\" Spielberg and his associates created great cinematic art without even once allowing even the subtlest suggestion of melodrama or sentimentality to compromise the humanity of Oskar Schindler or, more importantly, the integrity of those on his list.all of whose names are carefully recorded on a list compiled by the company's secretary/treasurer, Itzhak Stern (Ben Kingsley). Schindler exhausts his funds trying to protect them from reassignment to concentration camps. Eventually his efforts save approximately 1,100 Jews but by the film's conclusion, he is a bankrupt and broken man. His own life has also become \\"a sacrifice completely consumed by fire.\\"<br />Important films are not necessarily great films. Schindler's List is both. For obvious reasons, it portrays experiences of unique importance to Jews but to a Gentile such as I, it also has much of great value to say about what it means to be a human being worthy of the name. From accounts provided by the \\"Schindlerjuden,\\" Spielberg and his associates created great cinematic art without even once allowing even the subtlest suggestion of melodrama or sentimentality to compromise the humanity of Oskar Schindler or, more importantly, the integrity of those on his list.
B00005JLWN|5.0|To be honest, I never even heard of this movie until on two separate occasions I heard people mention &quot;grammaton cleric&quot;.  At that point, I knew I was missing out on something big and decided to watch it.  I'm sure glad that I did.  <br />All good movies need plenty emotion and this one gives you just that.  For the first hour there is so much tension that you'll find yourself on the edge of your seat.  Not that it will make you cry or anything, but it will definitely shock you as things happen suddenly and the outcome is unpredictable.  What's more, the soundtrack absolutely matches what John Preston (Christian Bale) is feeling at the moment.  That in of itself is crucial to the story, as you will find out.  My only complaint is the ending, which felt, for a lack of a better word, &quot;staged&quot;, but that really didn't matter in the long run.   <br />I'm inclined to give any movie with Emily Watson 5 stars; however this one deserves them on its own.  It has great action, an interesting story, superb acting, and, unlike &quot;Matrix: Reloaded&quot;, is fortified with enough drama to keep you interested all along the way.
B000005H7D|5.0|This lp is a pure classic. If you want to own just one jazz album-this should be the one. There was a magical unseen force or presence wandering inside the studio that particular day. This is the kind of jazz album that today's smooth jazz artists listen to and thank God that they don't have to compete with this kind of talent and ingenious musicianship in today's music field-for if they had to compete with this,sadly, most would go hock their saxophone at the nearest pawn shop and go back to flippin burgers.
0441009425|3.0|This book has received some astoundingly strong reviews, much to my surprise.  In my view, it was ponderous, far too long for what it contained, and downright boring in many places.  I really had to force myself to finish it, and only did so because I had heard such good things about it.  There were touches of real brilliance, and a couple of highly charged and exciting passages, but they were imbedded in hundreds of pages of boring stuff.  Personality development was weak - all the main characters seem to have been formed in the same mold, a not very interesting mold at that!  While technology abounds, I found much of it unconvincing, for example, how digital simulations of human beings can inhabit the brain tissue of living ones.  The story really fell apart for me toward the end:  instead of tying up the many loose threads and resolving some of the inconsistencies, things just become more and more bizarre.  Having said this, I also feel that Reynolds has the gift, and will almost certainly get better in time.
B00005OAIE|5.0|I just listened to this tonight. And I must say about half of the songs are pretty original. There are 14 cuts. About 7 or 8 are really good. John Mayer really has a gift.<br />Dirk David Todd
B000092ZYX|1.0|Unlike some other reviewers, I enjoyed the last two Radiohead albums and was looking forward to their next work.  Unfortunately, after repeated listens, I have to conclude that &quot;Hail to the Thief&quot; is a disappointment on every level.  The sonics are, as always, experimental and initially interesting, but the songs simply aren't there.  &quot;Kid A&quot; and, to a lesser extent, &quot;Amnesiac&quot; still offered hooks under the layers of electronic noise.  &quot;Hail to the Thief&quot; offers no real highs or lows; it just clatters by, failing to even create a sense of atmosphere.  I forced myself to listen to this album several times in the hope it would eventually sink in, but not one song really sticks.  It's premature to write Radiohead off creatively, and I'm sure that their live show remains one of the best out there.  However, &quot;Hail to the Thief&quot; definitely represents the nadir of their achievement thus far.
B00006RU5B|4.0|Chris Cornell is awesome! When I first listened to this CD,<br />I thought I was listening to Soundgarden once again. Which is great. There are about 6 songs that are really good. The rest are okay. But Chris is back. He is the money! The song, Like a Stone is so good, it alone is worth the price of the CD.<br />Dirk David Todd
B000003CM8|5.0|This is an album full of excellent music by the early Allman Brothers Band. However, for an additional [money] you can purchase their album BEGINNINGS, which contains all of this album plus all of their second album, Idlewilde South. Both albums are truly first rate, and you get them both on one CD if you just buy BEGINNINGS.
0385504209|5.0|First off, I consider myself fairly well educated, though I do not consider myself very well read.  That said, take my review with a grain of salt, if you must.<br />I serendipitously came across the book on an internet site forum where people were discussing some recent books.  There, I found a webquest ... created by Dan Brown, the author.  Loving a good challenge, I was immediately drawn into the quest and after completing it, I decided that if the book was as fun as the quest, I should look into it.<br />I purchased the book in the afternoon and when I got home, I did not stop reading it except to eat dinner, go to the gym, and shower.  I could not tear myself away from the book!<br />I will not go into much detail as to the plot of the book as I would hate to spoil any surprises for future readers, but I will say that the book was an amazing contrast to some of our most popular beliefs.  I don't feel the need to discuss my religious affiliation, but I will say that I was amazed and intrigued by the information set forth in Dan Brown's book.  I truly did not know where fiction and non-fiction separated.  Everything in the book seemed so real that if somebody told me this book was pure fiction (which I know it isn't), I would gasp in utter shock.  The length that Brown went through to research the information in this book is phenomenal.<br />As the title of the book indicates--and if you go to the book's website that I mentioned--you will get a general feel for what the book entails.  I feel I am not spoiling anything by letting you know that there are some codes in the book which require a bit of sleuthing and deciphering.  I was very impressed and proud of myself when I read the text and was able to decipher some of the codes.  Finally, a book that had my wheels turning!<br />Like I stated at the beginning of my review, I do not consider myself very well read.  On the rare occasion that I do read a book, my usual fare is books about the military, especially military special forces.  Noting this, I always roll my eyes when I hear anybody proclaim anything \\"the best ever\\"--especially when their opinion is in stark contrast to my own.  Therefore, I am somewhat sheepish to proclaim this the best book I have ever read, though if prodded, I will declare it so.<br />I give this book my HIGEST RECOMMENDATION (as if I'm some sort of authority).  I cannot see how anybody could be disappointed with this work.<br />I am eager to read some of Dan Brown's other work now, thanks to this fabulous book--especially \\"Angels and Demons\\".ilitary special forces.  Noting this, I always roll my eyes when I hear anybody proclaim anything \\"the best ever\\"--especially when their opinion is in stark contrast to my own.  Therefore, I am somewhat sheepish to proclaim this the best book I have ever read, though if prodded, I will declare it so.  <br />I give this book my HIGEST RECOMMENDATION (as if I'm some sort of authority).  I cannot see how anybody could be disappointed with this work.<br />I am eager to read some of Dan Brown's other work now, thanks to this fabulous book--especially \\"Angels and Demons\\".
B00005IBGQ|5.0|Pick up any Britmag and the phrase &quot;singer-songwriter&quot; is tossed around carelessly; THIS is a singer-songwriter. Rufus Wainwright has an ear for a great classic melody, the talent to arrange and orchestrate it, a voice that is unique (and may take getting use to for some the way Morrisey's did in the 80's); his range is wonderful, control exquisite, and taste impecable. I've been listening to Rufus for a month now and his albums (this and his first, plus some singles) haven't left the player. Cigarettes and Chocolate Milk strikes you right away and gets richer with the playing; So too does Greek Song and Poses. Each song in turn reveals itself to be durable to repeated listening. I've been looking for a new great &quot;band&quot; for some time now and Rufus is the real thing.
6300249867|5.0|I caught this movie on HBO in 1988-15 years later, I can still sit through it from beginning to end with out being the least bored. It is one of my favorite great movies that few people seem to know about.<br />Debra Winger is perfect as feisty Government agent, Alex, who notices a pattern and sets out to find the Black Widow-Theresa Russell, who reminds me a lot of Kathleen Turner in &quot;Body Heat&quot;.<br />I would like to see more of her movies, as her portrayal of the woman Alex hunts down, is complex and compelling.<br />There are enough twists and turns to always keep your attention, and as other reviewers note, the scenery is spectacular.<br />The peripheral actors are well cast, and you find yourself caring about every one in the movie...and wondering what makes the Black Widow tick.
B00009V7T2|5.0|Oh my god, this is def. as said by one other reviewer, the album of the year, there is no competition.  And here I thought that when ATDI broke up it was the end of the world, the mars volta on this album (and even tho no one really agrees w/me, their ep) is amazing, and better than what atdi was.  The emotion of the voice and the clarity and just..omg, its crazy, it makes me want to run around my town with screaming &quot;buy this cd!&quot;  They crazy lyrics spawned from the old atdi are still there, and this piece is an artistic masterpiece.  Get this cd, I dont care who you are, everone *needs* to have this cd!
B0000004V2|5.0|...this is it.  An absolute masterpiece, this album played an important role in my formative years, as it surely did for many others.  In high school, I wanna be adored was something of a single.  I got the album and fell in love with it.  Once I got to college, it really struck me how this album was revered by fellow students of all types: punk-types, hippies, nerds, it seemed like everybody was touched by these songs.<br />The 5 year hiatus, during which the Roses supposedly were wrangling with their label, only added to their mystique: these guys were legendary.  When Second Coming finally came out in '94, it wasn't universally received.  How could it have been? Kinda tough to follow one of the most highly revered musical works of the modern age.  Anyhow, the second album certainly stands as another monumental work - perhaps without the impact of the first, but a kickin' piece of (Zeppelin-esque) rockandroll...<br />I had the pleasure of seeing one of the very few Seahorses shows, and maybe the only one in the US, at Irving Plaza in NYC a few years ago.  I recall a great set, and Chris Helme seemed like a good (in tune) frontman. Highlight of the night, however, was meeting John Squire on the street after the show.  I drew a blank when confronted with the greatness, so here's my chance to say &quot;thank you John, Ian, Reni, and Mani&quot;<br />-CL
B000003C4M|3.0|this album is so silly.  venom are a comdey band nothing more.
B00005QEO1|5.0|This is a fantastic album.  Better than Permanent Vacation and Draw the Line, it marks Aerosmith's return to the rock and roll throne.  While long time fans may argue that it is not up to par with the 70's stuff, it's still a great collection of songs.  The boys also became MTV icons with there hyper-sexual \\"Love in an Elevator\\" video and with the always haunting \\"Janie's got a gun\\".  And \\"Young Lust\\" is just a kick ... song.  Easily 5 stars.
B00000J7A2|2.0|this is not the best beefheart you can buy. get the later stuff or live albums there better
B0000029AL|5.0|This is a ground-breaking set from one of the greatest bands of all time.  Dream On remains one of the all time classics and still sounds just as good as it did 20 years ago.  And Mama Kin just kicks [*].  Every Aerosmith fan needs this one in their collection.
0064400557|5.0|I still remember my fourth grade teacher reading this book to us every day after lunch.  The descriptions are so vivid, I felt like I was right there.  It's a great vocabulary builder and contains classic values.  I now use it in my own classroom and the kids love it.
B00005JM09|2.0|Like one other reviewer had said : \\" I tried to like this movie , but failed .\\" T3 has it`s up`s and down`s . The action I will not agure was great , but got old real quick . I found myself and others around me squimming in our seats for an action secne to end . There really is no plot to this movie . The one that is in there has been done before in many other movies ( besides the predessers ) . The ending makes some sense , but it will leave  you disapointed after all the chases and drama . I am a fan of the Terminator movies . Which really pains me to say this ; This movie felt like a direct-to-video  someone wouldn`t rent unless they were really bored or in a bad mood and needed that feeling to see things get blown up and shot up . Yes it`s harsh , but ture .<BR>If your Schwarenegger fan see it , but if you are looking for a good sci-fi action flick . Don`t see it or maybe just rent it . <BR>I will say the redeeming grace for this movie was Mr. Schwarzenegger himself and the new terminator :TX . I can`t remember the poor actress`s name . She brought a very dangerous quilty to the character . Like a black widow ready for lunch . That was a compilment . Bottum line from this chating reviewer : I recomand you wait for it to come out on DVD to rent. Seeing the outtakes would be worth it .
0440237688|5.0|I had to read this book for my summer reading assignment for the 10th grade at first when I heard the title I though what a boring book but then when i bought the book iand actually started to read it I though that it was acutally and awesome bok and I really became interested in it. When i was called down for dinner by my mom I was soo into the book that i forgot she told me that dinner was ready and i just kept on reading it.therefore before I knew it it was 10 o'clock in the night and i was in the middle of the story. I loved all the imagery and characters that they had it was an great adventure and i really enjoyed reading it. So for all those kids who had to read this book and though what a bummer it really is a great book for you to read and you'll love every second of it.
B000001Y79|5.0|I bought this CD a year ago and love every song in it.  Personally, I find this to be the best album No Doubt has ever produced.  The songs are fresh, the beats are amazing, the lyrics are mind blowing.... WOW.  It's completely original.  My favorite songs on the album are &quot;Happy Now?&quot;, &quot;Don't Speak&quot;, &quot;Just A Girl&quot;, &quot;Sixteen&quot;, &quot;Sunday Morning&quot;, and &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot;.  But overall, the CD is just spectacular.  I strongly recommend it.  Trust me, you WILL love it.
B00008OWZC|5.0|Well, the long-missing Led Zeppelin live album is here and it is good. How The West Was Won shows Zeppelin at their peak, in between the untitled fourth album and Houses of the Holy. It's pretty much what you what you would expect and reveals all that makes Led Zeppelin great. Every band member is at the top of their game here. <br />The first CD (the best of the three) kicks off with a very loud trio of Immigrant Song, Heartbreaker and Black Dog. The latter portion of the CD gives us Zeppelin unplugged with Going To California, That's The Way, and Bron-Y-Aur Stomp. Also worth mentioning is the version of Stairway To Heaven contained here. Although you've heard the song a million times over the years, this version is great and breathes some new life into the overly familiar song. CDs two and three present long medleys/jams (Dazed and Confused, Moby Dick, Whole Lotta Love) along with shorter, tightly structured performances (Dancing Days, What Is And What Should Never Be, Rock And Roll). The long medleys are great, but you probably won't listen to them as often as the shorter songs. Plant and Page incorporate everything from blues songs to 50's rockers into Dazed and Confused and Whole Lotta Love. John Bonham gets his shot in the spotlight on Moby Dick, a very long drum solo bookended by a nice guitar riff, (similar to Ginger Baker's Toad). The album ends with a great take on Bring It On Home (from Led Zeppelin II), which takes a Sonny Boy Williamson song and builds on it to create another top-notch blues rocker.<br />The performances are hot. The band is definitely captured on good nights. The song selection is pretty predictable (Stairway to Heaven, Black Dog, Whole Lotta Love) but there are a few pleasant surprises such as Bron-Y-Aur Stomp, Over The Hills And Far Away and Bring It On Home. <br />If I have one complaint, though, it's that this collection is a bit too similar to the 1997 release BBC Sessions. The song selection is much the same and it's from aroundthe same era. However, How The West Was Won does have the advantage of capturing the band live on stage in front of an audience rather than simply live in a studio.<br />To sum up, this is great stuff! Buy it! If you like Led Zeppelin, buy this. If you don't like Led Zeppelin, buy this and start liking them. Here's hoping that Jimmy Page will go back to the vaults and release more live Zeppelin performances on CD.
B000092ZYX|3.0|Not much here that shows that Radiohead is growing.  This is not one of their better CD's.  There is an utter lack of melody here, and the mumbling-singing is tiresome.  It is a shame because the band is fantastically talented.  To call this CD &quot;challenging&quot; as so many do, is a bit of a cop-out.  What sounds like a bunch of studio cast-offs and B-sides could have used a little more time in the studio.
B0000640S2|4.0|I did like the first Rambo movie the best but I like him out in action and not as a drifter.  This one sets the stage for Rambo III, the best one there is.  Lots of violence and gore but worth it if you are looking for excitement!
B00004VW5A|5.0|These discs explain why Elvis became such an influential and towering rock 'n roll artist. His talent shows through on all of these songs and it's simply a great introduction for fans who are only familiar with the King's later work. I prefer the early Presley, and all the hits are here, but more importantly, his other, lesser known songs, are here as well. How about &quot;Baby You're So Square,&quot; one of his most charming and fun recordings? Another gem is &quot;Don't You Think it's Time.&quot; Even &quot;Here Comes Santa Claus&quot; is a stellar performance!<br />Another great feature is that you can hear Elvis develop his vocal style. There are three different versions of the fabulous &quot;Shake, Rattle and Roll,&quot; and on each successive version, you can hear the improvements, both vocally and instrumentally. This is a piece of music history and will show even a casual listener that Elvis was amazingly gifted as a vocal innovator and rock stylist. Highly recommended!
B00005IC2H|5.0|Mainstream &quot;pop&quot; musicians tend to view their medium as more of a superficial time-killer, that is, as entertainment rather than true art. That definition need not apply to the emotion-provoking works of Sigur Ros. Most cannot understand the Icelandic/Hopelandic lyrics in Agaetis and ( ), rather, jonsi's high-pitched singing is an instrument within itself, which does not confine one's own interpretation of their music. I've spent many a sleepless night with my iPod and Sigur Ros, and it is simply mind-blowing to listen to in the dark, where one is concentrating only on the beautiful flowing tunes and letting one's creative juices flow. By all means, pick up Agaetis Byrjun and ( ). Those willing to devote some time to listening to these beautiful works will not be disappointed.
B000002UJQ|2.0|This band is nothing but hype. All of their songs are boring and this album is no different. For some reason a lot of guys buy it thinking it will somehow make them appear to be a little more intelligent than they really are and know a little more about music than they really do. In reality, it just proves that they are insecure and bought into the hype. <br />While it is obvious a lot of time and money went into the making of OK Computer, music was not meant to be formulated this way. There is no substitute for raw talent, no matter how much time you spend on producing the album. This is the Backstreet Boyz and N'Sync without the dance tunes. It's factory-produced commercialism, believed by the music industry to be an instant money-maker so they gave it their stamp of approval and sent it on its way. <br />Music is supposed to engage you, it's supposed to evoke emotion and pleasure. OK Computer is as bland as a blank computer screen.
B000005DQR|5.0|Josh Davis, a.k.a. DJ Shadow is known on both hip hop and electronic music fronts. His legendary CD 'Endtroducing' is as well known as some of Aphex Twins and Autechres. It truly exemplifies the whole downbeat genre. Most people cant talk about dj shadow without talking about Endtroducing simply because there is such beauty in the songs on the album. I suppose it even gets amplified because some of the tracks, name \\"Midnight In A Perfect World\\" and \\"Building Steam With A Grain Of Salt\\" has a touch of nostalgia when I was first truly exploring the electronic music scene. <BR>The beats can range from breakbeat to, as mentioned earlier, the most comfortable mood for downbeat. Some tracks would fit well in a lounge, while others at a party in someone's New york loft.
B00005JLSE|3.0|A decent adaptation of the Bob Fosse classic.  Zeta-Jones shows off some terrific talent. Zellweger's voice doesn't quite hold the weight that might come with a seasoned Broadway voice, but she holds her own.  Vieing for the \\"needs improvement\\" vote for singing is the male lead Richard Gere, who spends the movie singing through his nose, and underplaying where he should ham it up, and overperforming scenes that don't require it.  While I enjoyed the movie, I think it would have been better served if they'd gone with performers who could meet the demanding requirements of most Fosse classics.
B00004ZD69|5.0|Godspeed is a really visionary group. With as many people working together in the group, it's amazing to find that they haven't broken up due to creativity conflicts. And its even more amazing to listen to the beauty that they all manage to construct in harmony, the music flows beautifully into and out of the other. Godspeed You  Black Emperor is a group that you cant categorize into no less than 4 genres. There are signs of Musique Concrete, Avant Garde, Post Rock, Indie Rock, Instrumental, Experimental and possibly others that this critic's ears haven't even discovered yet. The music follows a certain style that can be only compared to a train. The songs sometimes are inaudible to some, but gradually pick up momentum. They get fuel from the listener's curiosity and eventually hit a climax like a poetic drama.<BR>Once the climax is hit, only God knows (heh) what sort of feelings protrude from the listener, and what sorts of emotions are manifested in the face and evinced unknowingly. The music compliments so many moods and are equally haunting. One of the benchmarks to me, is Chart #3 which involves what sounds like a fanatical evangelist preaching the word of God. To those that dont often listen to musique concrete, it can sound a little disturbing, but it ends up only adding more to the creativity that each of the members are instilled with.
B00006CXSS|5.0|Will without a doubt go down as the quintessential cinematic depiction of human kind at its very best and worst.  Band of Brothers leaves no stone of war unturned or explored no matter what ugly thing crawls out from underneath.  Through it all the ultimate truth remains that soldiers do not fight for money, politics, God, or Mom and apple pie.  They risk everything for the men to their left and right, because they know that man in the foxhole next to them will do the same.<br />Don't wait, don't even stop to think, buy this collection now.
630439845X|1.0|Forgive me for saying so, but 'The Piano' is nothing but a disgusting movie. It's just unbelievable that so many hold it in such a high regard. I can only see it as a perfect lesson for a sado-masochistic wannabe? I saw it once many years ago and I will never do it again.
031286504X|5.0|I have to say that this book was a pleasant surprise. A nice vacation from reading about the romatic vampire, or the postmodern vampire who is a rockstar and is far too effeminate to take seriously. Matheson's vampire is a filthy corspe who is not quick footed or witted and is basically a zombie only the passion is for blood and not brains. The struggle of the protagonist Neville is both heartfelt and realistic. A great book from beginning to end!
0812589041|5.0|This is close to if not the BEST book I've ever read.  Great writing, great story, hard to put down, sorry it ended...then there were sequels!!
B000000H57|5.0|I thought Bloody Kisses was TON best album but it was drawn to this one and I am glad it's a part of my collection. Every song is set to be a classic.
B00000J2PH|5.0|Carole King was one of those singer-songwriters who provided the musical backdrop for the exploration of alternative ways of looking at, exploring, and experiencing the world around us. Her many popular anthems described her feelings, existential angst, and sentimental deliberations about life, love and the battles between the sexes in very approachable and appealing ways. Both the melodies and the lyrics are topical, memorable, and quite up beat, although she is certainly capable of delivering some thought-provoking and plaintive songs, such as an existential wail over the problems with maintaining a long- distance relationship in songs like &quot;So Far Away&quot;.<br />Yet Carole always keeps the tunes within the pop realm, and packages them in a seamless production with great vocals and impeccable musical arrangements. Her studio players included everyone from James Taylor to Eric Clapton, and what is included in this classic album is a treasure for the ages. From \\"Tapestry\\" to \\"Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow\\", from \\"(You Make Me Feel) Like A Natural Woman\\" to \\"\\"You've Got A Friend\\", and from \\"Home Again\\" to \\"It's Too Late\\", the entire album resonates with her unique gift for terrific lyrics showcasing unforgettable melodies. It's all here, folks, a wonderful album that was one of the best pop albums emerging from the unbelievable sixties. Enjoy!
B00006GO9Q|5.0|This cd is sorta my own introduction to Miles Davis' new sound or modern sound. When he started experimenting with his general sound as sort of an evolution from Kind of Blue though by no means a suggestion that Kind of Blue was better or worse. Anything from this late genius is worth listening too.
B00003CXXM|5.0|In what can only be described as one of the best thrillers to come out of the fantasy factory in recent memory, rising star Matt Damon shows why his career is bound for glory in terms of both incredible versatility and sheer star power. In this loosely adapted version of best-selling mystery author Robert Ludlum, Damon plays the lead part of Jason Bourne, and man who awakes from shock aboard a Portuguese fishing boat with two gaping bullet holes in his back and a terrific case of amnesia. As he lands with some evidence of some puzzling leads in port, he follows the lead and slips into a nightmare world where everyone is chasing him and he has no idea of what is going on.<br />Along the way he enlists the support of an existentially challenged twenty-something woman in search of her life, and the two of them fend their perilous way through the maze of inexplicable violence and mind-boggling subtexts. Thus, discovering through a passport that his name is Jason Bourne, an American living in a sumptuous upstairs flat in Paris, Bourne and the soon to be main squeeze are assaulted by an assassin. And in the midst of all this pounding, he discovers more and more about his assailants, his own mysterious combat capabilities, and finally himself.<br />The cinematography is excellent, and adds to the lure of the film, as does the young main squeeze, a relatively unknown actress (Franka Potente) whose only other screen credit is for \\"Run Lola Run\\". One suspects we will be seeing more of her soon. The sets are realistic, and some of the chase scenes are extremely well choreographed, filmed and spliced together in some of the most exciting and memorable heart-pounders in recent memory.  The sporting cast is excellent and quite believable, the plot is a bit sticky but plausible, and as sheer entertainment it is a great afternoon's entertainment. I expect we will soon see a sequel or two, as the Bourne character is certainly an appealing and exciting film figure. Until then, enjoy this one!y this one!
B00005JKPF|5.0|The story is exciting, there are a lot of action and suspense.<BR>You never get bored.<BR>In this highly enjoyable sequel, the warring parties from the first instalment are forced into a partnership of necessity to battle against an scientist, Colonel William Stryker (Brian Cox), who is determined to kill all the mutants. To this end, in an excellent opening sequence, he coerces a teleporting mutant by the name of Nightcrawler into an attempt on the President's life with the purpose of turning both the public and the oval office against mutant kind. <BR>All the favourite X-people from the first instalment including Wolverine (Hugh Jackman), Magneto (Ian McKellen), Professor X (Patrick Stewart), Storm (Halle Berry), Rogue (Anna Paquin), Mystique (Rebecca Romijn-Stamos), Cyclops (James Marsden) and Famke Janssen (as Dr Jean Grey). In addition they are joined by three other mutants, Nightcrawler (Alan Cumming), Pyro (Aaron Stamford) and Yuriko Oyama (Kelly Hu). <BR>What follows is a superhero movie on par with \\"Spider-Man\\" and the best parts of the \\"Superman\\" and \\"Batman\\" series. \\"X2\\" is a too busy and farfetched, but it keeps twisting, and it features a great villain in Styker. In theme and approach, \\"X2\\" is similar to the second and best instalment of the \\"Star Trek\\" series, \\"Wrath of Khan\\" -- \\"X2\\" features a large sacrifice from a major character, and serves as a launching pad for future instalments. Just about anything could happen in \\"X3,\\" and that's a testament to how well this movie is structured. Every important mutant is still on the playing field.<BR>So I highly recommended it!
B0000009NG|5.0|This early work of Bowie is a gem that rocks consistently from beginning to end.  The characters that we will come to know so well, are beginning to come out into the light! Odd, chilling, enjoyable!
0142004235|5.0|a story of family<BR>a story of men<BR>a story of boys<BR>a story of betrayl and redemption<BR>a story of enlightenment
B00009RDG8|4.0|benicio del toro is great actor as usual, and the last fight sequence was a perfect ending to this great movie. a must-see movie if you're a fan of del toro, or just action movies.
B00007KWHN|5.0|after the excesses of yes, elp, and others, the new wave and punk scene appealed to me a great deal (and still does). it wasnt until recently that i bought this cd used, and was suprised at how well it had held up over the years. yeah, it never was about the lyrics with yes, but you cant criticize the excellent musicianship and use of the studio. if anything, steve howe is a bit underated, bill bruford is surgical with his drum style, and no one quite plays bass like chris squire. mix in electronics and keyboards with jon anderson's clear voice and yes had a recipe for success that topped most of the other pro-rock bands. reccomended.
B00003CXAA|5.0|the godfather is arguably the best movie of all time. And to be able to see it on dvd with all the exras you get with this collection is simply amazing! a must-have!
B00004XOWM|5.0|That's right, da bizkit is back. And heavier than ever. Songs like Take A Look Around and It'll Be Okay show the bands heaviness while songs like My Way & The One show how excellent the band is. This is nothing short of insanely awesome.<BR>-----------------------------------------------------------------<BR>1)Intro: The most entertaining Intro of all 3 CD's. 7/10<br />2)Hot Dog: Well, although this has 45 to 50 f-words, the music doesn't have a flaw yet. at the second chorus they calm down and then go crazy. A classical Limp Bizkit song. 7.5/10<br />3)My Generation: The first single of this CD. Fast song, DJ Lethal turntable work and insane guitars before the final chorus. Great song. 9/10<br />4)Full Nelson: Another song that's like Break Stuff. The heaviest song, could've been better though. You don't want to hear \\"You'll get knocked the **** out\\" every single chorus. But it's not Hot Dog, which is a good thing. Not bad. 8/10<br />5)My Way: My favourite song on here. Keyboards surround the middle which contains pure metal, and the talent of the band. Only 3 swear words which don't have the f-word in this. Great to me. Next to The One, this is the best on this CD. 10/10<br />6)Rollin'(Air Raid Vehicle): The 3rd single, and it's pretty good. 3rd favourite. A little more pop than metal, but still good. A bit repetitive, but at least it doesn't have 45 cuss words like Hot Dog. Another classical Limp Bizkit song. 10/10<br />7)Livin' It Up: I'll bet Ben Stiller likes this song the most. Well, Fred does a great job at rapping, although he's no Eminem. Rap/Rock song. A definite hidden gem. A cool song. The 4th favourite. 10/10<br />8)The One: Like I said on My Way, this was pretty cool, 2nd best. Much like My Way, only 0 cuss words. And I think this is the first song on the album that has 0 swear words (save Intro). Nu-metal at it's best on this song. Not to mention that hidden track at the end. Excellent song. 10/10<br />9)Getcha Groove On(With Xzibit): Another rap attempt. Should've had Eminem in it. Oh well, Xzibit's good enough, Xzibit rules by the way. He was on Eminem's B**** Please II. Together, he and Fred make a terrific rap song. DJ Lethal, keep the mixin' comin'. Wait 'till you get to Rollin'(Urban Assault Vehicle). 9/10<br />10)Take A Look Around(Theme From MI:2): My 5th favourite song. Pretty heavy. Wes Borland's triumphant song, he does his guitar the best better than any other song on this album. And Fred has interesting lyrics. Awesome. 10/10<br />11)It'll Be OK: Another cool song. Depressing, but unbelievably uplifting. Pretty good. 9/10<br />12)Boiler: Another excellent song. Another heavy song. 7 minutes, but very talented. And much like The One, there's a hidden track. The final single of the CD. Heavy, cool and uplifting. 9/10<br />13)Hold On: Acoustic to me. And Scott Weiland shows up to lend a hand. Although it's nearly 6 minutes, they have remarkable lyrics. 9/10<br />14)Rollin'(Urban Assault Vehicle): 6 minutes of funky beatz and guest vocals by Redman, Method Man and DMX. What's better? Another rap attempt. Pretty good too. 9/10<br />15)Outro: Ben Stiller has a converstion with Fred about Limp Bizkit and how good they are, and then giggles which is bad. But after the annoying giggle comes some special stuff. Fred's answering machine. Great CD and Outro. 9.5/10<BR>-----------------------------------------------------------------<BR>Limp Bizkit have made 3 CD's, but then made the awful New Old Songs. This is the last great Limp CD. Can't wait till the 5th album comes out. Peace.
B000001Y42|5.0|Because Limp are mad. Thanks to KoRn, Limp Bizkit was lead the way to great music, starting with 3 Dollar Bill Y'all$. Songs like Stuck, Nobody Loves Me and Leech show their heavy metal work that sound like they had problems in their life, while Sour, Faith and Stinkfinger are really groovy beatz, really heavy songs, while Pollution and Counterfeit are very good intro songs. <BR>-----------------------------------------------------------------<BR>1)Intro: Religious Intro, a little funny. 3/10<br />2)Pollution: Screechy guitars, pretty cool drums and turntable work make this song a classical Limp Bizkit song, as well as the funny segment at the end, with Fred yelling \\"back\\" over and over again with the other members telling him to shut up. An excellent song to open the CD. 10/10<br />3)Counterfeit: The first Limp Bizkit song. A pretty interesting intro, and then suddenly........ BOOM! They start cranking up the metal, this reminds me of KoRn's Clown, pretty solid hit. Definately one of the best songs on this CD, along with Nobody Loves Me, Sour, Clunk, Faith and Stinkfinger. At the end they start going insane one last time to end the song, and at the end, Fred's making some weird sounds. The entire song is great. 10/10<br />4)Stuck: This is another great hit. Finally, a song that has loads of DJ Lethal. And this is a longer version of Significant Other's Break Stuff, which is good. Limp Bizkit show just how heavy they can be. 9/10<br />5)Nobody Loves Me: Another anger song. Fred writes pretty good lyrics, a kinda weak outro, but the rest of the song is heavy as hell. My 2nd favourite song, totally heavy, but weak ending. Very good song. 10/10<br />6)Sour: Another DJ Lethal song. About Fred's ex-girlfriend (At least that's what I've heard). Insane guitars, turntables, and nice, calm drums. That made this song as my 3rd fav song. An insane song, one of the best. 10/10<br />7)Stalemate: Nice song. The beginning isn't too good, but the chorus is quite heavy, 6 minutes don't cut it. Maybe Pantera's This Love or Drowning Pool's Soul but not this. But still pretty hard though. 7/10<br />8)Clunk: Sweet stuff, interesting bass lines, unreal vocal effect, and insane turntable work by the legendary DJ Lethal. Complete metal, this gets 5th place. 10/10<br />9)Faith: A George Michael cover. But a little guitar and turntable work totally change. And it's one of the heaviest songs. And to top it off, this is my favourite song on this CD. Advice: skip to track 10 when it gets to 2:25 so you don't have to hear that awful hidden track. Limp Bizkit rock on. 10/10<br />10)Stinkfinger: Another great song, heavy, turntable-infested and a dark bass line. this makes 4th fav. 9/10<br />11)Indigo Flow: Uh, not so bad, but not so good either. It's great, but it's bad compared to Significant Other's Show Me What You Got. 5/10<br />12)Leech (demo version): The heaviest song, really cool. The only problem is that it's too short. Imagine this song at 4: 15, not at 2:11. Still good though. 9/10<br />13)Everything: 16 minutes long. The longest song I've heard without any skips. Really cool effect in the middle. An above average song. 8/10<BR>-----------------------------------------------------------------<BR>And that's it. 3 Dollar Bill Y'all$ is a great debut CD! I also recommend Significant Other, Chocolate Starfish & The Hot Dog Flavored Water, Drowning Pool: Sinner, KoRn's self titled album or Eminem's Slim Shady LP. Bye.
B00005O5CM|5.0|omg! i love this movie!  it is even better than the second one!  this movie had inspired me to work harder in school and first impressions of someone are not always right.  this show is better than princess diaries and many other shows.  MUST WATCH!
B000002KHH|4.0|I heard no problems with musical clarity, but then I'm not properly attuned to that, probably for the better. On this non-remastered version, they didn't bother to restore all the album's art packaging, you just get a flimsy little sheet of paper and some small background on the band - for 11 dollars - for an album from 1970 - ah, the recording industry!<br /> There's no art on the cd itself, a tracklist and band name/title of record, like classical cds. I'd be tempted to give this 5 based on the fact that it's a 'classic' but it can be repetitive and though they invented this style of music, they didn't feel the need yet to branch out and try something else. Planet Caravan is a brilliant song, it does have a sense of nature and the wilderness about it, like camping in a remote forest at night, you can almost hear the fire crackling.
B00006FDCJ|5.0|What most strikes me about this film, given the fact it is essentially one of the best and most thoughtful westerns ever filmed, is the unexpected level of thoughtful comment it makes about the underlying effects of violence for everyone that encounters it. Clint Eastwood wanted to make this film his coda for what he thought was an accurate and faithful portrait of the west, violence, squalor and all. Of course, in so doing, he succeeds beyond all reasonable expectations. Clintwood plays the central character of William Munney, a reformed alcoholic ex-gunslinger who is miserably flailing about in vain as he attempts to continue along the straight and narrow path he has maintained to remain on since his reformation, and he is a flop as a dirt farmer, left alone to raise his two children after the death of his much-adored wife. When the notion of a way out is thrown unexpectedly in his lap, it takes him little time to recognize the opportunity as a lifeline must grab in his desperate circumstances. Unfortunately, it means he must regress to all of the horrors of a life his wife had originally rescued him from.<br />Eastwood is supported by one of the most creatively talented casts in recent memory, from Gene Hackman playing his protagonist, the corrupt sheriff Little Bill Daggett, to Munny's old trail companion Ned Logan, underplayed masterfully by a mostly stone-faced Morgan Freeman, to a egocentric young killer-wannabe, played convincingly by a youthful Jaimie Woolvett. Richard Harris is also excellent as an English gunfighter, as is Saul Rubinek as an over-eager and somewhat nave yellow journalist who aims to make his journalistic bones in the literary world by writing stories about Little Bill. Yet amid all the action and carnage, one of the most memorable (and profound) scenes in the film consists of a simple conversation between Eastwood and Woolvett, in which Eastwood wastes no words describing the horror of killing someone, thereby robbing the person of all he is and all he ever can be. In the electric silence that follows, one begins to realize what Eastwood is really talking about, and it isn't just about the wild frontier. Another comment later on to his protagonist Little Bob is similarly something one has to experience to appreciate in terms of its philosophical import.<br />Of course, Eastwood uses the camera to great cinematic advantage, employing every aspect of the local topography to shower us with both a mind-boggling backdrop by way of the landscape itself and an epic drama threading toward its fateful conclusion in the dust-filled trail ways and smoke-filled saloons native to the area. This movie must mark the last of a long series of progressively more sophisticated and memorable Eastwood epics portraying the west and its settling, for it is hard to see how he could improve on this film, which is certainly going to become a classic among western films. There is little doubt that this is a captivating, thought-provoking, and worthwhile movie, and one I am sure you would want to have in your library of films. Enjoy!e is and all he ever can be. In the electric silence that follows, one begins to realize what Eastwood is really talking about, and it isn't just about the wild frontier. Another comment later on to his protagonist Little Bob is similarly something one has to experience to appreciate in terms of its philosophical import.<br />Of course, Eastwood uses the camera to great cinematic advantage, employing every aspect of the local topography to shower us with both a mind-boggling backdrop by way of the landscape itself and an epic drama threading toward its fateful conclusion in the dust-filled trail ways and smoke-filled saloons native to the area. This movie must mark the last of a long series of progressively more sophisticated and memorable Eastwood epics portraying the west and its settling, for it is hard to see how he could improve on this film, which is certainly going to become a classic among western films. There is little doubt that this is a captivating, thought-provoking, and worthwhile movie, and one I am sure you would want to have in your library of films. Enjoy!
0890090572|5.0|The first Sherlock Holmes book I ever read was given to me as a gift for my thirteenth birthday. It was a collection of the short stories, with a wonderful leather trim and gold leafing, and I thought it was fantastic. I read the first story, and was instantly hooked. Within a few days, I was disappointed with my wonderful new book because it was incomplete. I had devoured all of the selected stories, and was ready for more.<br />Shortly thereafter, I purchased what purported to be the 'only complete Sherlock Holmes available', compiled by Christopher Morley. This became my favourite book. But, alas, neither of these volumes was illustrated.<br />The original stories, which appeared in The Strand magazine, were illustrated, by the great illustrator Sidney Paget. Actually, careful research (which Holmes himself would insist upon) will reveal that Paget was not the first illustrator; however, it is not able to be determined conclusively how many artists preceding Paget. It is know that the first publication of A Study in Scarlet, in which Holmes and Watson are first introduced, was illustrated by on D.H. Friston. These illustrations would appall the Holmesian set today.<br />The next edition after the barely-received Beeton's Christmas Annual edition, was in book form, and apparently illustrated by Arthur Conan Doyle's father, Charles.<br />The next illustration was in The Sign of Four, appearing in Lippincott's Magazine, which showed a scene in India, but did not have one of Holmes.<br />The classic ideas of Holmes (in a visual sense) did not thus solidify until the popular series of short stories in The Strand, illustrated by Paget, beginning with the story A Scandal in Bohemia, in which Holmes is actually out-foxed by THE woman, but still manages a satisfactory ending to the case, and (particularly his illustrations of the serialised Hounds of the Baskervilles) Paget's illustrations have become the standard image.<br />This volume contains all the short stories (56 of them) and the novels (4). (At least, this is the official canon -- there are other proto-stories by Conan Doyle, and dozens of tribute stories written by other authors.) Hundreds of illustrations accompany the text. Perhaps Paget drew his image of Holmes based upon the actor William Gillette, who made a career out of portraying the Baker Street detective on stage in London and New York. Charlie Chaplain got one of his early starts in entertainment by playing the page attendant to Holmes opposite Gillette.<br />From the beginning introduction of Holmes and Watson to Holmes' gentle retirement to beekeepping on the southern coast of England, this book contains all the essential stories (none of the apocryphal, anecdotal, or tribute-written pieces are contained here). Holmes was often thought to be a real person, and Sherlockians the world over still search for 'evidence' to prove that he was. During his 'lifetime', the post office for the Baker Street area regularly received mail addressed to Holmes or Watson at 221B Baker Street. While such an address does not (and did not during the late Victorian era) exist, there is a business on the site that would be 221B, and they have dedicated a desk to Holmes, and strive to answer mail received in the great detective's name.<br />Perhaps the two elements that made Holmes and Watson the world-renowned figures that they became are, first, the dominance of the British Empire globally at the time Conan Doyle was writing, which made English things sought-after, admired, and to be emulated, and secondly, the introduction of a method of detection hitherto unknown, both in the annals of detective stories (save perhaps in a proto-form in Poe and a few other obscure pieces of dubious literary merit) and in real life.<br />Holmesian tales became required reading in the training of police and detectives in many parts of the world. It is still recommended even when it is not required.<br />Holmes permeates other literature and venuesas well. When Data on Star Trek: The Next Generation looks for images of Holmes, he is being guided by the descriptions in the stories as well as by the illustrations in The Strand. When the BBC produced Jeremy Brett's rendering of Holmes, the same holds true. When Basil Rathbone's films were cast, these illustrations and stories were uppermost in the directors' minds.<br />So, pull some tobacco from your persian slipper, stoke your pipe, scratch out a tune on your violin, and re-enter the gas-lit world of the foggy London, where danger is afoot and one detective can always save the day.nd venues as well. When Data on Star Trek: The Next Generation looks for images of Holmes, he is being guided by the descriptions in the stories as well as by the illustrations in The Strand. When the BBC produced Jeremy Brett's rendering of Holmes, the same holds true. When Basil Rathbone's films were cast, these illustrations and stories were uppermost in the directors' minds. <br />So, pull some tobacco from your persian slipper, stoke your pipe, scratch out a tune on your violin, and re-enter the gas-lit world of the foggy London, where danger is afoot and one detective can always save the day.
B00008OWZC|5.0|Exciting stuff for everyone waiting for &quot;the&quot; Zeppelin live album. Truth is, there probably is no such thing given the breadth of this band and number of concerts over a 10 year span. In conjunction with the DVD release, this 3-disc set sets the standard for other acts to follow. Mesmerizing, indulgent (in places), overpowering, delicate, inventive and purely fun....these performances have it all. For those critics moaning about Page's &quot;sloppy&quot; playing, I say pull yer heads in, and go buy a Steve Vai album instead.
6302581907|5.0|In watching Sister Act again recently (for the first time since I was ordained), there was a particular scene that reminded me of the power of the clericals -- the thugs in the final chase refused to shoot Delores because she was dressed as a nun; they couldn't shoot, in case she was a nun. Even though they were fairly confident that she wasn't a nun, the image she presented was one of being holy, and thus they couldn't bring themselves to do it. The combination of that scene with the nuns running through the casino, and working their way onto the flight, reminded me of my recent experiences in my collar.<br />Recently I had to attend a function at an exclusive club in Indianapolis. I had been to this club before (always dressed very well, three-piece suit or sharp business-formal double-breasted, etc.) and had always been stopped at the door, asked who I was and where I was going, etc. This last time I was wearing my collar. The door was opened, I was greeted ('good afternoon, Father') and left to wander about the club as I pleased.<br />A few days later, at a retirement party for faculty members from my seminary, I again wore my collar for the formal event. As the serving staff were putting out the plates for us, I noticed that they served the women first (proper etiquette), but then they served me as a separate stage before proceeding to the other gentlemen at the table (none of whom were wearing clericals).<br />People are far more deferential to me now. I can get away with a lot more. Hmmmm...<br />Oh well. Just a brief observation. On to the movie...<br />I've loved this film since the first time I saw it. From the beginning transition of Delores as a schoolgirl to Delores (Whoopi Goldberg) the casino show girl, to the exciting chase of nuns and villians throug the casino, and the 'happy ending' packaging, it all works.<br />Delores van Cartier (as anyone of that name probably should be!) is a showgirl in a casino. She has had the misfortune to fall into a love affair with a casino-owner being investigated by the police for various crimes, including murder (I know, unheard of, surely, but hey, this is fiction!).<br />Delores is an eye witness to one murder, and thus goes on the run. She contacts the police, and one particular policeman places her in a convent in another city, where she, masquerading as a nun, would live a quiet and cloistered life, out of public view, and safe from the criminals who are by this time scouring the country looking for her, dead or alive.<br />When Delores arrives at the convent, it is as much of a culture shock to her as she is to the culture of the convent, especially as that is envisioned and embodied by the Reverend Mother (played astutely by Maggie Smith). After a period of 'adjustment', the Reverend Mother finally decided that there is no place in the convent that 'Sister Mary Clarence' really fits into well, but perhaps she could, given her musical career, do something with the rather disastrous choir at the convent.<br />Delores/Mary Clarence does so reluctantly, but after a few false starts, instills confidence in the choir members, and introduces a 'showtune' element into their repertoire as well (much to the amazement, nay, horror of the Reverend Mother). It has the side effect, however, of drawing people and attention to the church. The church grows, and the choir continues its ascending popularity, while the Reverend Mother grows increasingly worried over the changes in her convent and the jeopardy such attention may bring to Delores' need for a safe haven.<br />The musical variations, combinations of hymnody and popular songs, really helps carry the story through its hilarious stages. 'I will follow him' is perhaps my favourite combination piece. According to the promotional material, she turns the nuns' tone-deaf choir into a soulful chorus of swingin', singing sisters. In the end, the music draws such attention to the church of St. Catherine that the Pope decided to visit.<br/>Supporting casts members include Havey Keitel as the casino-owner; Kathy Najimy as Sister Mary Patrick; and veteran actress Mary Wickes as Sister Mary Lazarus.<br />A happy ending is assured, as indeed is a sequel, with yet more nunnery nonsense..<br />Supporting casts members include Havey Keitel as the casino-owner; Kathy Najimy as Sister Mary Patrick; and veteran actress Mary Wickes as Sister Mary Lazarus. <br />A happy ending is assured, as indeed is a sequel, with yet more nunnery nonsense.
B00005JM03|5.0|I just saw The Italian Job and I think that it was an awesome movie.  The script was well written, the acting was wonderful, the soundtrack was exciting, and the Mini Cooper stole the show!  I can't wait for it to come out on DVD!
B000099T2L|5.0|Beyonce Knowles, the lead singer of Destiny's Child, has finally released her highly-anticipated debut solo album. With Kelly and Michelle already long since released solo albums, Beyonce made a wise move in releasing her solo effort last - this makes expectations high to which she can easily fulfil, and she has a reputation as being the best of the band, which she definitely is. \\"Dangerously In Love\\" was the name of Beyonce's solo effort, and it arrived in June 2003. The album is currently topping charts worldwide (including the US and UK) and shifting millions, making Beyonce an even bigger star than she already is.<br /><br />Dangerously In Love opens with the explosive first single, \\"Crazy In Love.\\" Featuring Jay-Z, the song is perhaps the best of 2003 so far. Outrageous trumpets, catchy beats and fabulous vocals make for an obvious album highlight. \\"Naughty Girl\\" is a very interesting song. The song samples Donna Summer's \\"Love To Love You Baby,\\" and has an excellent Far-East sound to it that adds a certain ambiguity to it. Catchy beats, loved-up vocals and superb production are definitely the order of the day. \\"Baby Boy\\" is a slice of pure R'n'B funk, featuring current man-of-the-moment, Sean Paul. Not quite an album highlight, the song lacks the significant punch that makes most of the songs on this album very good. Still, it's a grower.<br /><br />With \\"Hip Hop Star,\\" Beyonce dabbles in the genre of rock/R'n'B to create an interesting sound that - despite it's extreme efforts - falls flat on its face. Big Boi and Sleepy Brown do nothing for the song, either. \\"Be With You\\" is an album highlight. A speedy beat starts the song, before it slows down and the funky beat really kicks in. Beyonce sings about her lover and how much she'd rather be with him. Her vocals are sung at a steady pace, and the chorus is particularly enjoyable. \\"Me, Myself And I\\" is amazing. The song is even slower than the previous song, but it works incredibly well with it's bouncy beat and great vocal arrangements. \\"Yes\\" is a mid-tempo R'n'B song with a whole lot of soul! Beyonce's vocals slide over a crackly arrangement to create an old-school type of song.<br /><br />\\"Signs\\" features Missy Elliott. While not an album highlight, Beyonce does a good job of singing and the production by Elliott is on top form, as usual. \\"Speechless\\" is absolutely outstanding. Beyonce sings for six minutes about her lover and how he makes her speechless. The song is very slow, but so seductive and slinky. In the last minute, Beyonce just lets rip and her vocals simply soar. \\"That's How You Like It\\" is the second of three songs on the album to feature Jay-Z. The song has a fast tempo, and the production is smooth - very classy. One problem is the chorus. It consists of Beyonce and Jay-Z just singing the title of the song over and over again. \\"The Closer I Get To You\\" is an awesome duet with Luther Vandross. His vocals blend so well with Beyonce's, but the song ends too quickly. \\"Dangerously In Love 2,\\" is the follow-up to the original from the Destiny's Child album \\"Survivor.\\" This version is not quite as good, but it's a worthy effort.<br /><br />\\"Beyonce Interlude\\" lasts for a pointless 16 seconds, and is followed up by the rather bland \\"Gift From Virgo.\\" The song lasts for just 2 minutes and 42 seconds, and just gets no where over the course of its duration. \\"Work It Out\\" was technically the first single to be taken from this album, way back in July 2002 as the theme to Austin Powers: Goldmember. The Neptunes produced song has class horns, and it works well. Beyonce's vocals are deliberately eccentric, and it works well. \\"Bonnie & Clyde '03\\" is also included on the album. This is the third appearance for Jay-Z on the album, and it was a huge hit all over the world in January 2003. The album technically ends there, but the album continues after 15 seconds with the hidden track, \\"Daddy.\\" Beyonce sings wonderfully about her father, and how much she loves him for what hehas done for her career and her life. Overall, it's a wonderful ending to a top album.<br /><br />OVERALL GRADE: 10/10<br /><br />When you take into consideration the hard work that has obviously been put into this album, it's easy to see what a fantastic record it is. It deserves to be No.1 all over the world, and Beyonce is sure to just get higher and higher as a star. Beyonce is a multi-talented performer who writes/produces her own material, has the voice of an angel, can dance like there's no tomorrow, act in big movies like a true professional and to top it all off, she's drop-dead gorgeous. Don't listen to the negative reviews, this is a fantastic album and it's a must-have in your collection today.her life. Overall, it's a wonderful ending to a top album.    OVERALL GRADE: 10/10    When you take into consideration the hard work that has obviously been put into this album, it's easy to see what a fantastic record it is. It deserves to be No.1 all over the world, and Beyonce is sure to just get higher and higher as a star. Beyonce is a multi-talented performer who writes/produces her own material, has the voice of an angel, can dance like there's no tomorrow, act in big movies like a true professional and to top it all off, she's drop-dead gorgeous. Don't listen to the negative reviews, this is a fantastic album and it's a must-have in your collection today.
B000002KKS|5.0|I have had this for about a year, and I cannot stress this enough: Heaven and Hell by Black Sabbath is very possibly the best rock album EVER. I cannot put into words how great this album is. Ronnie James Dio's powerful voice was not so much a replacement for Ozzy Osbourne, it was more of a transformation. This \\"new\\" Sabbath sounds NOTHING like the old Sabbath. The musical and lyrical themes are magical, mystical kinds of stuff.<br />The album kicks off with, in my opinion, the best Sabbath song in their entire career. \\"Neon Knights\\" also happens to be my all-time favorite rock song. Right from the start, you know that something has changed about the band. They start off with a hard-rocking groove, and then all of a sudden... Dio's amazing voice takes the music into another dimension! In terms of songwriting, this is one of the best songs in either Sabbath's or Dio's catalog. The climax of the song, though, is Iommi's guitar solo. I could listen to this guitar solo on repeat for the rest of my life. Feel it!<br />The second song, \\"Children of the Sea,\\" is slower, and heavier. The main crawling criff is one of the best on the album, and Dio's vocal part is very melodic and beautiful. This is one of the best songs on the album.<br />\\"Lady Evil\\" is an uptempo rocker that makes you want to move! \\"There's a place just south of Witches' Valley...\\" This is also a highlight of the album. It has one of the best guitar solos on the record, as well.<br />\\"Heaven and Hell,\\" for many people, is the climax of the album (and for good reason!). From the opening hard-driving riff, you know this song is going to be something special. The guitar pummels away with the rhythm section for a little while, then pulls back, leaving only the drums and a mid-paced, galloping bass line. Enter Dio! He enters, singing his now classic line \\"Sing me a song, you're a singer...\\" After the verse, Dio sings \\"So it's on and on and on...\\", while the guitar comes crashing in, slamming out mighty power chords, and then turning into a sludgy, heavy riff. When the guitar pulls back again for the second verse, faint harmonized guitar leads can be heard echoing in the distance, giving harmony to the verse, where there was none before. After the chorus this time, the sludge riff keeps going, and Dio wails his final verse over it. One final chorus is extended for maximum build-up, and then a crashing finale! But wait...... it's not over. It is time for a monstrous, epic guitar solo! Starting quietly and slowly, Iommi creeps in, displaying his lesser-known talent for melodic beauty. Echo and delay effects make the solo very tripped-out and unbelievable! It ends on a fermata, and all is calm. Suddenly, Bill Ward starts a newer, faster beat, and all of a sudden the band comes crashing in, with power never before known!!! Dio screams and wails the song's final melody, with more intensity and inspiration than anyone could dream possible. He is soon joined by Iommi's lead guitar again, this time a fast maniacal solo that is technically impressive while still being melodically beautiful. This is the end to one of the best metal epics EVER. The song ends with a baroque-style acoustic guitar pattern that fades into the distance.<br />Then, suddenly, the first power chords of \\"Wishing Well\\" shake the silence! This is another great melodic track.<br />\\"Die Young\\" is one of the highlights of the album, with its furious, power-chord-driven riff, and infectious melody. This song contains some of Iommi's best guitar work on the album, even the little filler licks in between the vocal lines are incredible. Some of Iommi's most inspired work.<br />\\"Walk Away\\" is the only track on the album I would not recommend to everyone. It is kind of a pop attempt, and many Sabbath fans slander it for this reason. However, it is still a very good song, and should be appreciated for what it is.<br />The closer, \\"Lonely Is the Word,\\" is obviously a personal song to Iommi. It is sloooow, and very bluesy.Tony Iommi himself says that it is one of his favorite guitar solos. This is a very sad song, but very calm also, and a great way to close the album.<br />What else can I say? If you are a fan of rock music, this is one of the best things you can possibly spend your money on. It has been my all-time favorite album ever since I got it, and it still is! It stands the test of time, and has redeeming value through many, many listens.
B00005ASHM|5.0|I know this title gets thrown around a lot, but bear with me.  Ask your average guy on the street what the greatest album of all time is, and you'll get some pretty standard answers - Sgt Pepper's, Quadrophenia, Aftermath, Revolver, perhaps even Loaded - all are great albums, of course.  But, ask the artists who created these masterpieces what they think... I'd put money that most if not all would answer - Pet Sounds.  When The Beatles were asked their favorite album - ALL of them named this masterpiece.  I could rave all day - but just take John, Paul, George, and Ringo's word for it.
B000094DUP|5.0|Delta Goodrem. She acts, plays the piano, writes her own songs, and sings like an angel. This beautiful new multi-talented individual of Australia should be shared to the world.<br />Her chart topping hitz &quot;Born To Try&quot;, &quot;Lost Without You&quot; and &quot;Innocent Eyes&quot;, have all ripped through the chartz to No. 1 in Australia.<br />My personal favourites' include &quot;Butterfly&quot; and  \\"Year Ago Today\\", which I believe are sure predictions. Delta's music is quite breathtaking in that she achieves pure interaction with her pleasant voice and the essence of the piano chords and background music.<br />Currently suffering from cancer, Delta has sadly put her rising career on hold. However when she returns I'm certain she will be writing and singing with even greater passion to touch the heart's of each and every individual. She is the true Australian idol.<br />Delta Goodrem is indeed innocently inspirational...
B000092ZYX|1.0|is this the great white hope?<BR>oh boy.<BR>western culture, for gods sake, point the canon at yr head and pull the friggin string.
0671027387|3.0|No spoiler herein.  Dan Brown is a skilled author and this is no attack on him.  The book is entertaining and I had trouble putting it down after the half way mark.  However, I began to sense Dan's person politic persuasion with regards to America's two major political parties.  Towards the end of the book, when the riddles are being solved - it becomes more and more uncomfortable for those readers that hold opposite political beliefs from Mr. Brown.  Those that hold allegance to Dan's political party will love the conclusion.  Those that hold opposite political beliefs will feel cheated and frustrated.  Notice that I am not attacking DAn's story telling ability - it is terrific.  Actually, I'd love to read another one of Dan's books - but I will make sure it doesn't contain personal political contamination before I buy.
B00006BTCA|1.0|a band similar to joy division in that they play musical <BR>instruments.<BR>what is a soundscape, anyway?<BR>all the ones ive ever heard are real ugly paintings.<BR>you can hang this one over the bed in an ugly hotel room;<BR>the same painting in every room in the chain,<BR>but dont hang it next to ian curtis.
B00005JLT5|5.0|Not only were the depictions of the fall of Poland chilling, they were based on director Polanski's own life. Don't miss the &quot;making of&quot; featurette included on the DVD. Here you will learn about how the film's locations were chosen and the meticulous detail used throughout the film.<br />Adrien Brody rises to star status, made even more impressive by his physical deterioration and the training he undertook to improve his actual piano playing skills. His performance conveys even more with the use of his body than the words he speaks. And those words are at times poetic.<br />This film is an inspiration to those living now and for generations to come. It was haunting and unforgettable, yet uplifting. Don't miss it.
B000021Y77|5.0|Run Lola Run is a fun, intense flick. The plot:<BR>Lola receives a frantic phone call from her boyfriend Manni.<br />That day he was on an errand for his boss, a job with some mercs. It was a test, for Manni's boss, to see if he could trust him.<br />He took the \\"merchandise\\" to a buyer from whom he collects 1000,000 marks. Lola was supposed to pick him from the job, but unfortunately her moped was stolen that same day, then she rook a taxi and the driver mixed up the address.<br />So Manni takes the subway, but then some security guys show up, and Manni panics and leaves, with the money still on the train! The security guys keep him from retrieving it. He checks at the next station, but it's gone! Some vagrant guy has it, and disappears into the city.<br />Now Manni has only twenty minutes before his boss shows up, to collect the money! Lola reassures him she'll think of something, but he threatens if she isn't there in 20 minutes, he'll rob the store across from the payphone.<br />So Lola has to think fast, and move fast. Since her moped was stolen, she'll have to run. The first person she thinks of, for help, is her father, a bank manager. But will he help?<br />Manni's life is on the line. His boss is a dangerous man, who once headbutted Manni, for simply keeping a carton of cigarettes!<br />Run Lola Run is full of unexpected twists. Showing three seprate scenarios which Lola seeks alternate ways to save Manni. As she runs into people on the street (sometimes literally) We are given a glimpse into their lives, and shown how a simple second can change it.<br />It's fun movie, i got goosebumps the first time I saw it.<br />The actors are GREAT. Moritz Bleibtreu, is wonderful as Manni, who is QUITE believable in his portrayal as a desperate man.<BR>Moritz's mother, Monica Bleibtreu, has a small part as a blind woman, who gives Manni her phone card. And Franka Potente<BR>is FANTASTIC, she seems very likable personally. And as Lola, with her punk hairdo, dyed a brilliant fire-engine red! Her navel blazon with a tribal tattoo, that looks like a sunburst. Her attitude, and her energy! She's amazing.<br />But Run Lola Run is more about some cartailing mercs, and a punk fraulein...It has some deeper meaning. About twists of fate. How a single event can effect someones whole life. It's about true love, destiny and determination.<br />With it's unique directional techniques and adventuresome plot, it's truly unique and very exhilerating! A film I'm, sure you'll have no problem watching over and over again.<br />It' soundtrack (which you must get!) is scored with some excellent techno music (partly composed by Tom Tykwer!) And Franka lends her voice to a couple songs! The beats will get your adrenaline pumping, you'll want to get up and run with Lola.<br />The DVD includes an option to play English audio (for people who are lazy about subtitles) but the voices for this audio track are really pretty funny (in my opinion) Still you may want to play, just for fun. I prefer the original German version with subtitles. It has them in French or English. If you watch it over and over, you may just learn some German (i have)<br />Special features: You can chose a commentary by Franka Potente and TomTykwer, and they'll talk throughout as the film plays, pointing out funny and interesting facts. Like Joachim Krol (who plays the bum) was so believable in his bum outfit people treated him badly, because they thought he was a real bum!<br />It also has a music video for the song \\"Believe\\". The video features scenes from the film, some NEW scenes of Lola running and also shows some fun sequences of Franka singing! Herbert Knaup (the guy that plays Lola's dad) is also in the video.<br />Written and directed by TOM TYKWER! See it, buy it!
B000089RVX|5.0|I was drawn to evanescence when they began to be played on the radio with \\"Bring Me To Life\\".A woman at work bought the cd,heard it,and was blown away!I bought it myself,and couldn't stop playing the whole cd(sometimes except \\"haunted\\").I had a chance to see them in concert.Amy Lee just draws you in with her voice which is as strong in person as it is on the cd.I usually listen to hip hop,but this cd has so much to offer as far as deep lyrics,great background,and haunting strings,I couldn't pass it up.In summary,buy the...thing!
B00004XOWM|1.0|the only good thing about this album is the outro. the other songs are terrible. there is some good riff potential but it is ruined by dj lethal's syncopated scratch rythms.
B00009V93Z|5.0|our  boy elvis, by the looks of things was a very busy guy,  lot's of sessions, lot's of interesting tracks....<BR>for the fan and collector, this is a gold mine...!!
B000000OAC|5.0|Alright. I'm writing this review to contrast the last reviewer giving it only 3 stars. This album is an astonishing piece of work. Lets go over the tracks.<br />We Will Rock You - Yeah, its over played, yeah, you hear it at usually every arena game. There is a reason for this and its what happens to an uproar of fans that can boost a team and a moment. One of the greatest anthems 8/10<br />We Are The Champions - The champions are Queen and their fans. This song is a great accomplishment and strangly for the 1000th time hearing it, it hasnt tarnished and never will. 10/10<br />Sheer Heart Attack - This song will anyone say \\"what the heck is this\\" espicially when the screeching gut beeps come in. It's still okay 6.5/10<br />All Dead, All Dead - I love this song its a beautiful May ballad. I've heard May said it was about his cat that died and the lyrics would think its the loss of a romance with someone. I see it as the loss of anything.......All Dead.....All Dead.. Great song! 8.5/10<br />Spread Your Wings - Yes this is a masterpiece written by underrated John Deacon. Its a great song even better live. 9/10<br />Fight From The Inside - No NOT TAYLORS VOICE!!! ha, just kidding hes still great and brings a harder AC/DC kinda rock to the back and evened it the band out. okay song 6/10<br />Get Down, Make Love - Great song, I love the bass in it 8.5/10<br />Sleeping On The Sidewalk - its alright nothing great 6/10<br />Who Needs You - Pretty good 7.5/10<br />It's Late - Another beautiful May song 8.5/10<br />My Melancholy Blues - I really dig this song and I don't know why 8.5/10<br />all in all another great Queen album in their prime.
1582790329|5.0|Women in Regency England had few options in life except to marry well. They usually received little, if any, formal education, and their aim was to become \\"accomplished,\\" proficient in the social graces like music, needlework, sketching, whist and &quot;acceptable&quot; literature. Considerable pressure was placed on women to marry in order to obtain financial security, not just for themselves, but also for their immediate family. Love matches were rare. Ms. Austin writes, &quot;It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune must be in want of a wife.\\" So there you have it. The men and women of the Regency period, nobility and emerging middle class alike, were very focused on the business of marriage.<br />Our story opens in the small community of Longbourn, Hertfordshire. Word is out that the empty Netherfield Estate has been leased to a new occupant - a wealthy bachelor. Mothers and daughters suddenly upset their daily routine, and shatter the local tranquility - buying dress material, sewing, embroidering, planning and fantasizing about balls and marriage. Nowhere is there more excitement than at the Bennett home, where five very marriageable daughters anticipate news of their neighbor. The Bennett's have a particular reason for wishing their girls settled. The Bennett estate, Longbourn, is entailed. It can only be inherited by a male successor. Since the Bennett's have no son, their entire estate will go to Mr. Bennett's cousin. The girls must be married well, so they will have a secure home when their father dies. If their mother should outlive her spouse, they will have to provide for her also.<br />There is a ball in honor of John Bingley, the new resident at Netherfield, and for the friends who accompany him. Bingley is very taken with Jane Bennett, the eldest daughter, and a lovely young woman with a sweet disposition. The feelings are reciprocated and the two form an attachment. It is at this ball that Elizabeth Bennett, the family's second daughter, meets Bingley's friend, the aristocratic Fitzwilliam Darcy. Darcy, is much richer than Bingley. He is a handsome, intelligent man, and the Lord of Pemberly, a large, sumptuous estate in Derbyshire. Darcy, however, is the epitome of haughtiness when he arrives on the scene, and looks down his nose at the local yokels. Elizabeth Bennett, is quite different from most young women of the Regency Period. She had been encouraged to use and develop her strong intellect since childhood, and she has become quite literate, and enjoys fine books and literary conversation. She is bright, with a sharp wit, much more independent than her sisters, and very pretty. Darcy is attracted to her immediately, but snubs her unknowingly. She responds in kind, thinking him to be boorish and far too proud. Thus she is prejudiced against him from their first meeting.<br />The novel is filled with Ms. Austin's humor and delightful characters, including: George Wickham, a handsome military officer who further prejudices Elizabeth against Darcy with tales from their mutual past; William Collins, a pompous clergyman, cousin to the Bennets, and probable heir to the family holdings; Charlotte Lucas, a young neighbor and dear friend to Elizabeth and Jane; and Lady Catherine De Bourgh, the quintessential aristocrat. Jane Austen weaves her plots and sub-plots with elegant prose and wit. Her clever use of irony, reveals her characters' charms and flaws. At one point, Mr. Darcy actually insists that Elizabeth is the proud one. It is pure pleasure to read her narrative and dialogue. And the characters are so believable that is difficult to remain disinterested in their lives and foibles.<br />Mr Darcy learns more about Elizabeth with each chapter. He discovers her wit, intelligence and charm. She almost always spurns his awkward attempts to woo her. When she finally admits to herself how much she admires Darcy, he puts his foot in his mouth. He tries to tell Elizabethof his deep feelings for her. However, he explains that his strong emotions go against his social background. He is prepared to marry someone of lower status, prepared to suffer hostility from his relations, and society in general, in order to be with her. All of this, sounds condescending to Elizabeth, and he infuriates her. It is as if Darcy is doing her a favor by loving her. He also tells her, honestly, that he has sabotaged the relationship between her sister Jane and his friend Bingley, because he fears Jane wants to marry Bungley for his money. So, once again, Elizabeth rejects him because of his pride.<br />If the young couple would be able to understand and let go of their shallow pride and prejudice, a wonderful love and friendship could form and flourish. Elizabeth also exhibits her prejudice against her close friend, Charlotte, when she marries for convenience instead of love.<br />Ms. Austin paints a vivid picture of various relationships, and the marriage mores of Regency England. She portrays the relationships of the senior Bennett's, of Charlotte and her new husband, and of young, frivolous Lydia Bennett who marries at fifteen. Ms. Austin stresses the necessity of compatibility in a marriage, since divorce is almost impossible. She demonstrates the various forms compatibility takes in her characters' relationships.<br />This much beloved Jane Austin novel is one of my favorites. It reads like a dream and is difficult to put down. I can't recommend it highly enough. Enjoy!of his deep feelings for her. However, he explains that his strong emotions go against his social background. He is prepared to marry someone of lower status, prepared to suffer hostility from his relations, and society in general, in order to be with her. All of this, sounds condescending to Elizabeth, and he infuriates her. It is as if Darcy is doing her a favor by loving her. He also tells her, honestly, that he has sabotaged the relationship between her sister Jane and his friend Bingley, because he fears Jane wants to marry Bungley for his money. So, once again, Elizabeth rejects him because of his pride.<br />If the young couple would be able to understand and let go of their shallow pride and prejudice, a wonderful love and friendship could form and flourish. Elizabeth also exhibits her prejudice against her close friend, Charlotte, when she marries for convenience instead of love.<br />Ms. Austin paints a vivid picture of various relationships, and the marriage mores of Regency England. She portrays the relationships of the senior Bennett's, of Charlotte and her new husband, and of young, frivolous Lydia Bennett who marries at fifteen. Ms. Austin stresses the necessity of compatibility in a marriage, since divorce is almost impossible. She demonstrates the various forms compatibility takes in her characters' relationships.<br />This much beloved Jane Austin novel is one of my favorites. It reads like a dream and is difficult to put down. I can't recommend it highly enough. Enjoy!
B0000041Q3|3.0|Kirsten Flagstad's voice must be considered the voice of the century.  If she had sung and recorded \\"Turandot\\", she would be the best.  Flagstad's voice was more beautiful than Sutherland's and it was several times larger than Sutherland's.  Also, in her prime, her high C was even more beautiful than Sutherland's.
6304082428|5.0|Jane Austin's wonderful novel, of marriage and mores in Regency England, is faithfully adapted in this magnificent BBC/A&amp;E production, directed by Simon Langton.<br />The film clearly reflects Ms. Austin's theories on the importance of marriage for women of the Regency period. Most women were not educated, except for the social graces; acquiring, at least, some proficiency in music, needlework and &quot;acceptable&quot; literature, and learning skills essential to running a household. Considerable pressure was placed on women to marry well, to obtain financial security and social position, not just for themselves, but also for their immediate family. Love matches were rare.<br />The film opens in a small community in Hertfordshire, England. Word is out that the empty Netherfield estate has been leased to a new occupant - a wealthy bachelor. Mothers and daughters suddenly upset their daily routine, and shatter the local tranquility - buying dress material, sewing, embroidering, planning and fantasizing about balls and marriage, and, of course, gossiping. Nowhere is there more excitement than at the Bennett home, where five very marriageable daughters anticipate news of their neighbor. The Bennett's have a particular reason for wishing their girls settled. The Bennett estate, Longbourn, is entailed. It can only be inherited by a male successor. Since the Bennett's have no son, their entire estate will go to Mr. Bennett's cousin. The girls must be married well and settled, so they will have a secure home when their father dies. If their mother should outlive her spouse, they will have to provide for her also. Marriage is a serious business in this period.<br />There is a ball in honor of John Bingley, Crispin Bonham-Carter), the new resident at Netherfield, and for the friends who accompany him. Bingley is very taken with Jane Bennett, the eldest daughter, and a lovely young woman with a sweet disposition. Susannah Harker is perfectly cast in this role. The feelings are reciprocated and the two form an attachment. It is at this ball that Elizabeth Bennett (Jennifer Ehle), the family's second daughter, meets Bingley's friend, the aristocratic Fitzwilliam Darcy, (Colin Firth). Darcy, is much wealthier than Bingley. He is a handsome, intelligent man, and the Lord of Pemberly, a large, sumptuous estate in Derbyshire. Darcy, however, is the epitome of haughtiness when he arrives on the scene and looks down his nose at the local gentry. Elizabeth Bennett, is quite different from most young women of the Regency Period. She has a strong intellect and her father had encouraged her to become literate, and to enjoy fine books and literary conversation. She is bright, with a sharp wit, more independent than her sisters, and very pretty with &quot;fine eyes.&quot; Darcy is attracted to her immediately, but snubs her unknowingly. She responds in kind, thinking him to be boorish and far too proud. Thus she is prejudiced against him from their first meeting.<br />Elizabeth and Darcy's strong mutual attraction, and the conflict between them, which prevents them from forming a potentially rich relationship, provide an interesting tension throughout the film. Darcy's proud arrogance in his social class and position, and Elizabeth's prejudice against such haughtiness, seem to inhibit all promise of romance.<br />Ms. Austin's delightful characters, are brilliantly cast here, including: George Wickham, (Adrian Lukis), a handsome military officer who further prejudices Elizabeth against Darcy with tales from their mutual past; William Collins, (David Bamber), a pompous clergyman, cousin to the Bennetts, and probable heir to the family holdings; Charlotte Lucas, (Lucy Scott), a young neighbor and dear friend to Elizabeth and Jane; and Lady Catherine De Bourgh, (Barbara Leigh-Hunt), the quintessential aristocrat. Jennifer Ehle is the perfect Lizzy Bennett. She sparkles with wit and intelligence, and is just beautiful enough to be believable. Colin Firth brings the proud, but feeling, Mr. Darcy to life. And he is so handsome.<br />The scenery is breathtaking, the settings and costumes accurate to the period, the dialogue is faithful to the novel. Watching the film, it is almost impossible not to feel transported in time, back to Regency England, and become very involved with the loves, foibles, problems, and adventures of the wonderful Austin characters, brought so realistically to life, in this amazing production. A 5 Star BRAVO!irth brings the proud, but feeling, Mr. Darcy to life. And he is so handsome.<br />The scenery is breathtaking, the settings and costumes accurate to the period, the dialogue is faithful to the novel. Watching the film, it is almost impossible not to feel transported in time, back to Regency England, and become very involved with the loves, foibles, problems, and adventures of the wonderful Austin characters, brought so realistically to life, in this amazing production. A 5 Star BRAVO!
0316666343|5.0|You wonder what kind of person it takes to write a tale such as this one, but then you read about Alice Seabold, and you understand.  The imagination and details that this book gives makes you feel as if you are sucked into the world watching it from heaven as the main character does.  I felt as if I was screaming with her when that safe fell into the sink whole, I wanted to shake the people in the book and tell them to realize what is right in front of them. That is the sign of a truly wonderful book!!
B00007L4MJ|5.0|It is sad that so many great works of art have been lost or butchered for various reasons over the centuries.  And even though it is often impossible to restore them to their original glory, it is a worthy effort to try to do so.  Recut and reworked after its original presentation in 1927, Metropolis will likely never again be seen in its original form due to lost footage; however, the creators of the cut shown on this DVD have given us a good sense of what that film was like.<br />Though my experience with silent films is minimal, a youth spent as a science fiction buff introduced me to this film.  I had seen bits and pieces of it growing up but had never sat down to watch the entire thing until I obtained this DVD.  What an amazing experience!  I am sorry I waited so long to see it.  This film intertwines a love story, revenge story and social commentary with amazing special effects to create a powerful movie experience.  Few movies today can achieve the kind of success that Lang was able to create over 70 years ago.<br />It is a bit sad to come across those moments in the film where text has to break in and explain what happens in footage that has been lost.  (The intriguing character of &quot;the thin man&quot; has been almost entirely lost.)  Still, the creators of this cut have done Lang yeoman's service.  You have not seen Metropolis until you have seen this cut.<br />This DVD also contains an excellent documentary that details not only the making of Metropolis but the trends in the German arts that led to its creation.  We also get information on Lang's career after Metropolis and the work done to restore the film.  I highly recommend this DVD.
B00005AQGH|5.0|2Pac continues to amaze us with his rap. Truly he was the best artist in his era. &quot;The 7 Day Theory&quot; picks up right where &quot;All Eyez on Me&quot; left off; another classic album. From the heart pounding intro to the last song, Pac, or &quot;Makaveli&quot; easily cusses his way to classic status. &quot;Hail Mary&quot; is one of 2Pac's better songs, as his eerie voice sets the mood. &quot;Toss it Up&quot; has him dissing Dr. Dre and talking a little about thug love. But it is when Pac adresses the obstacles in life is when he is absolutely flawless. &quot;Blasphemy&quot; is an informative and intersting track. &quot;White Man'z World&quot; is another rhythymic PSA. But for all of his songs with good messages, a hardcore thug life song is soon to follow, and in this case it's &quot;Me and My Girlfriend&quot;, where the man adresses his love for the gun. Pac holds it down once more on this, the last album he made before he died, and proves once more his status among rap's elite.
0385504209|5.0|I thought this book was fantastic; I couldn't put it down.  Brown, no doubt, takes some liberties with history, but I can't wait to research what parts of the story were based in truth and which were fragments of his great imagination.
B000059PPN|4.0|This classic was directed in 1981 by Lucio Fulci and has become over the years a memorable horror movie. The film is genuinley scary at points, and slower at points, but I definitely have to admit that it was very freaky. The gore was really high in this movie, the killings were plain out crazy, which only made it freekier, thanx to the special effects which only made it more realistic. Anyway, I bought the version produced by DIAMOND ENTERTAINMENT DVD, It was 6.99, It was okay, no real extras except the director's Biography, the sound quality was week and un-restored (just like the VHS) and the image quality was pretty weak, lacking real strong colors, it seemed faded at points, definitely not restored much, but the 2.35:1 widescreen format was nice...can't wait to buy the Anchor Bay DVD of it, I heard the transfer is amazing and I heard the sound quality was better, too. Also, there is another version from EC entertainment with a nice transfer too (not as good as Anchor Bay's) but it did have a load of extras, but i'll stick with anchor bay, I'd rather have a top notch looking movie that was restored very well and you can tell it's dvd, then a decent transfer with lots of extras, plus, the Anchor Bay DVD has some extras, trailers, tv spots, bios, still gallerie...<BR>GET THE ANCHOR BAY DVD if you like this movie, if you've never seen it, buy the 6.99 bargain shelf one first, see if you like it.
B00003CXI1|4.0|Refusing to get hauled into the Harry Potter mania, but succumbing to the movie when it was shown on HBO, I must say I can definately see why children and adults alike all over the world are going cuckoo over the books. Who won't like waking up one day from your mundane everyday life, or if your life is bad as in Harry's case, to find out that your actually a wizard. And a famous one too! Living a horrid life under his cruel uncle and aunt who forces him to live in the cupboard under the stairs all changed one day when Harry's received a letter inviting him to study at the prestigious Hogwarts school of magic. There the movie takes you to a journey of Harry's magical adventuers with magic, mystical creatures, resident ghosts, pictures that have moving characters, staircases that shift every now an then, dining rooms with candles floating and everything that can boggle your mind and fill you with awe. He even gets to play quidditch, a game played on a broomstick.<BR>The movie was lovely, the special effects very convincing indeed, not at all forced or fake looking. The acting of the main characters left a little to be desired however. Daniel Radcliffe and Emma Watson were abit stiff in the first hour or so of the movie and looked like they were just reading of a script page. As the movie progressed on, they got better, but kudos must go to Rupert Grint as I felt he was the most at ease and natural of the three.<BR>I would definately recommend watching this one.
0385504209|5.0|One of the best books ever - weaving a good mystery with history.  I will definitely get his other books.
B00005K3LU|5.0|John McTiernan's star has been fading lately, but it shone like a supernova with 1988's Die Hard, a taut and exciting action thriller that made Bruce Willis an international star and began a trend of explosion-laden action thrillers that followed its basic formula -- sometimes successfully, but more often not.<br />The story takes a basic Western-movie plotline (lone hero faces off against a band of menacing black hats) and pulls it forward into the late 20th Century.  N.Y. Detective John McClane (Willis) arrives in L.A. for a Christmas vacation with his estranged wife Holly (Bonnie Bedelia) and their children.  At a Christmas office party in the still unfinished Nakatomi building (where Holly has an executive office), a band of what seems to be a group of well-financed terrorists takes most of the partygoers hostage.  It is up to McClane, who luckily is in a rest room as Hans Gruber (Alan Rickman) and his thugs crash the party, to foil the villains and rescue the hostages.<br />McTiernan, working from a screenplay by Jeb Stuart and Steven de Souza, blends in various types of styles into Die Hard.  With the relationship between McClane and L.A. police Sgt. Al Powell (Reginald Veljohnson) he inserted the \\"buddy picture.\\"  With the police angle, he uses the \\"cops and robbers\\" theme.  The screenplay and movie also highlight wit and droll humor -- especially on Gruber's part. As the prime mover of the action, it's Gruber who's the protagonist, with Willis as the heroic antagonist.<br />The 5-Star Collection DVD is one of 20th Century Fox's best releases to date. The widescreen format and sound are great, the new interactive menus are eyepopping, and the extra features on both discs are excellent.  Although perhaps a bit more expensive than either the VHS or original DVD release, the new Collector's Editions of the Die Hard films are worth every penny.
0790731509|4.0|A terrific film that gets better with age. There's not a false note or misstep in this movie. It becomes more relevant and rewarding as the years go by, and it's earned it's status as a classic American movie. <br />So why did I mark this down one star? This film deserves the DVD Special Edition treatment and all we have here is the film and a few brief production notes. This is one of Warners first releases in the DVD format and it's well overdue for a deluxe re-release with interviews, commentary, relevant documentaries and perhaps the screenplay. It's a crime that films like Road Trip get the deluxe treatment and worthy films like this miss out.<br />Still, this is an okay transfer and the mono sound is clear enough. If you love this film, you won't let the lack of features stop you from making a purchase anyway.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|I became a Beatles fan 12 years after their breakup, so I missed out on the entire Fab Four phenomenom that hit the world during their seven year run from '62 to '70.  My Beatles collection is correspondingly small; my taste leans more toward classical music, film scores, and Broadway shows rather than pop or rock.  Nevertheless, I have always admired the Beatles' ability to evolve musically and their showmanship, wit, and sometimes sardonic humor.<br />Before the advent of CDs, one of my prized Beatles cassettes was their 20 Greatest Hits, and when it wore out from countless hours on my Walkman, I looked and looked for its CD stable mate.  Apparently Capitol Records never bothered to release 20 Greatest Hits on CD or it was always sold out....but the alternative (buying the Red and Blue 2-CD sets) has always been too costly for my budget.  Therefore, I was cheered when &quot;Beatles 1&quot; was released in 2000.<br />This recording is great. It charts the Beatles' musical evolution from the cheerful &quot;I Want to Hold Your Hand&quot; to the soulful &quot;The Long and Winding Road.&quot;  Most, if not all, of my personal favorites -- &quot;Eleanor Rigby,&quot; &quot;Hey Jude,&quot; &quot;Penny Lane,&quot; &quot;All You Need is Love&quot; -- are included.  And even though some of these songs are over 40 years old, they still remain fresh and musically relevant.
B00009RGBS|5.0|Its a good musical. bold, brash, full of energy, bright, pushy. i would imagine a lot like the roaring 20's in Chicago.<br />built around the story of two women who kill the men in their lives. spur of the moment passion murder that puts both women in jail awaiting trial.<br />the movie is a switch back and forth between two 'circus rings' for want of a better image. the one ring is the musical numbers, the other ring is the storyline. life imitating art, then art returning the favor. very well done, because in one 'ring' you can say things differently, stronger, better than in the other 'ring'.<br />but there is another ring, real life, like the problem of the 4th wall,(the invisible wall separating the audience from the stage) is always there in an artistic piece, but you can't really talk about it. we watch their passion, their ambitions, their failings and most of all the way everyone plays to the crowd. whether the witness in the jury box to the jury, or the sexy musical numbers to us the audience. everyone knows the scheme is to present life enough like the real world to be believable yet unlike the real world in the ability to manipulate to prove a point.<br />in this way, the movie is a 3 ring circus, only we inhabit the 3rd ring with the movie, its actors, writers and the whole crew. this is why we watch the reality shows on tv. set our alarm clocks so we don't miss the latest crime drama. and go to movies like this. it involves us, it beguiles us with the similarity to real life, but like real life sometimes to play to the audience, to neglect the greater issues of life(what is guilt?), to realize that all the world is a stage and we but players.....neglects the duty to rise above this and act out of morality and responsibility.<br />i liked the movie, music and dancing is very good, despite the fact that i like neither very much. worth the time and thoughtful analysis afterwards. but i distaste the passion without direction, the ambition without direction, the winning without justice, and the movie seems to reveal in it. essentially saying if you can get away with murder than it is alright.<br />maybe the next Judge is less interested in outward appearances than innerward motivated, and less distracted by a pretty leg. let's hope so.n, the winning without justice, and the movie seems to reveal in it. essentially saying if you can get away with murder than it is alright.<BR>maybe the next Judge is less interested in outward appearances than innerward motivated, and less distracted by a pretty leg. let's hope so.
B00002MZ2T|3.0|Well to tell you the truth I pretty much bought this album because the guys were xtremly cute and I had a hard time deciding which one was cuter. So I went home and Listened to it. I hated it at first. Then it was the only thing I would listen to and it drove the family crazy. But after a while it got old and I have not picked it up since. Although if they had produced another album after this I probably would have bought it.Hope it helps.
B000094Q46|4.0|Aaron Lewis really hit the Jackpot this time. For anyone who has heard So Far Away or Price to Play there's no doubt that Lewis seems to be in a very reflective state of mind. He seems to enjoy using lyrics to display his most sincere and positive emotions. This is very refreshing and rejuvinating to some extent. Of course, Staind still brings the Heavy Punch in the gut sound that has made this band so infamous (the best example of this is Blow Away). This, combined with Lewis's very unique singing voice and a great baseline makes listening to this album a joy. Break the cycle should still be considered their best album but 14 shades of Grey comes in an incredibly close second. If you have the means, please buy this album. You will not regret it.
B000002JSZ|5.0|After reading several positive reveiws for this CD I decided to go ahead and purchase it.  Now keep in mind I have several AC/DC CD's and there are a few that didn't quite live up to my expectations.  When I played this CD however, I was blown away.  This is an awsome CD.  If you are a fan of AC/DC circa the &quot;Back in Black&quot; time frame, you will love this one as well.  This is definitely a close second to &quot;Back in Black&quot; as far as my favorites.  I highly recommend this CD...you will NOT be disappointed!
B000092ZYX|4.0|When I read at NME that Radiohead lead singer Thom Yorke had described the new album as \\"OK Computer 2,\\" I was wonderfully delighted. I think OKC is a great album, one of my favorites. I had known that the sound of the album would be much more organic, unlike recent other releases Kid A and Amnesiac, and had heard the same from people that I knew who had downloaded bootleg tracks. However, I waited until the release of the album to hear it in it's entirety. With the first two tracks, \\"2+2=5,\\" and \\"Sit Down. Stand Up,\\" I was excited to get through the whole thing. In almost every album that I own, the first track usually defines the vibe of the album. Unfortunately, not so much can be said about Hail to the Thief.<BR>     Don't get me wrong, this album is totally awesome, but it simply does not do justice to OKC, Kid A, and Amnesiac. It seems that Radiohead are finding it harder to surprise their fans. In \\"Hail..,\\" there are many watered down tracks that simply don't have as much energy as epic peices from previous albums.For me, songs such as \\"Sail to the Moon,\\" \\"The Gloaming,\\" and \\"Scatterbrain,\\" where at first very unnapealing. As I got bored with the better tracks, such as \\"Where I End And You Begin,\\" \\"We Suck Young Blood,\\" \\"Wolf at the Door,\\" and \\"Myxomatosis\\", I gave the others a try and my attention wasn't grabbed for more than a few listens of each song. After that, I saw the whole thing as a little dry and boring. Also, I realized that the drums in live versions of \\"There There,\\" are MUCH better and more intense than in the watered down studio version (so if you enjoy that song, please do yourself a favor and download live performances).<BR>     The fact of the matter is, Radiohead will never do another OK Computer. They aren't ever going to create another \\"Paranoid Android,\\" and for Hail to the Thief, \\"OK Computer 2,\\" simply doesn't follow through. It's a great album, but much plainer than everything they've done since '96. Definatley worth the money for any Radiohead fan, but their music will never be the same.
B00005JLT5|5.0|This is the second movie, next to Uprising (highly recommendable too), that shows the tragic Warsaw uprising. Only, the Pianist goes beyond and tells the story of the Jewish-Polish pianist Szpilman. I was not only fascinated by the performances of the actors but - as a German - I felt sad and extremely sorry for what has happened to all those people in the name of the German people. Actually, it was hard to swallow to see a German officer walking up to some Jews, returning to the Ghetto, and randomly shooting some of them dead. It was the way it was performed that was utterly believable. This inhuman capacity that some Human beings have is shown brilliantly in this movie.<br />However, it is not only the Germans but also the one Polish character that supposedly helps Szpilman to survive and simply betrayes him and almost let him die. It is the human dimension that makes this movie special.<br />A very nice and very believable scene is placed at the end when Szpilman was saved by a German officer who eventually dies in a Soviet concentration camp. The film shows also that not all Germans were bad; something many movies end up doing: bad Germans, good Allies. However, life is not like that and there is a lot of grey in between black and white.
B00006JJ1O|4.0|I think that Tatu has some really good ideas here. I love their heavy pop style, and i love their haunting vocals. The Girls lyrics are very repetitive, but if you're like me, and don't care, then i think that you will like this album. I love the instrumental parts in such songs as \\"Not Gonna Get Us\\", \\"All the Things She Said\\" and \\"Clowns\\". Their remake of the Smith song \\"How Soon Is Now\\" is very impressive. <br />I think sometimes that it is tiring to hear about their problemos, but overall, this cd is very enjoyable, though somewhat addictive. There were only two songs i didn't like on this albumn. \\"Thirty Minutes\\" just didn't strike me. They have a great combination in their heavy sound with their light voices, and i think that it doesn't do them any favors by going into ballad mode.  I also didn't like \\"Malchick Gay\\". I don't care if a song is repetitive, but this song just disgusted me. <br />I liked this album, and i would reccomend buying it. Its great music to drive to. Try Clowns while going down the expressway.
B00005ASOC|5.0|When I dropped by in a dvd/vcd store, i found 'Finding Forrester' in a shelf together with other great titles. I am a person who loves to see inspiring and thought-moving films and I'm fond of it and in fact collecting them as much as possible. With my tight budget I have so far, I can't resist to buy another one and thus, I bought 'Finding Forrester'. Soon when I arrived home, I immediately viewed it. I did not read the short synopsis at the back of the dvd/vcd because I want myself to be drawn unto the movie and most especially its story.<br />'Finding Forrester' is a movie that tells how important the integrity of friendship inspite of race differences, talents, level of intelligence or others that might be consider as a standard. William Forrester played by Sean Connery is an eccentric novelist with ill-tempered manners but a compassionate and well-depth person that ideally can be considered as a true mentor. Rob Brown is a newcomer actor who played Jamal Wallace, an Afro-American gifted-person in writings who at the same excels in basketball game. His performance was fair enough in giving justice to his character however, it is much better if he gives more 'life' or an 'emotional magic' to some scenes that needed most. I don't want him to be ultra-emotional but a little bit of stress of feelings to his character may somehow move the viewers.<BR><br />Sean Connery gave a brilliant performance to his character, he really personified what a novelist is, giving also justice to the fears and hopes of a novelist which he strongly portrayed. He showed us a picture (somehow) of how life can be for a novelist who after the fame of receiving Pulitzer-award...what comes next? what will the future will bring me to? how far i should be like this?---questions we sometimes asks in ourselves especially in our mid-life stage. One of my favorite actors is Sean Connery but it doesn't mean to say that I'll gave a plus factor for him because he's one of my favorites, to be fair enough...I really find this movie inspiring and moving if you could only watch it with understanding...you'll never mind the actors but the characters and most importantly, the story that matters most. Because of this film, I even like more Sean Connery as a well-deserved respect as an actor. Truly a brilliant actor. But the essence of this movie is all about friendship...if you are expecting to be a 'glorious' 'triumphant' movie at the end which the hero won in a contest or something...you better not expect that although there is a contest in the movie but it is not much emphasized or gave too much focus but the mutual friendship of both main characters. Integirty became a vital ingredient and important gem of the story. Integrity that keeps friendship so strong and lasts forever till the end. It happend to William Forrester and Jamal Wallace. This movie truly teach you the importance of Integrity in a friendship. A plus also in this movie, is the soundtrack...r&b is the theme which fits actually in the setting of this film. I love to hear all over again the themesong 'Somewhere Over the Rainbow' and 'What a Wonderful World' which was beautifully done in acoustic manner.<br />Brilliant casts...outstanding performance...very good scripting...I hope you'll find it too when you watch 'Finding Forrester'...
B00005JKN9|1.0|If you want to see a film which shows what New York City was like in the 1860's, the background scenery is for you.  History buffs might like it for that reason.  But the plot--if it can be called that--very quickly descends into one long, bloody, gory beating.  Granted, mindless violence is quite popular these days, but I think filming a boxing match would have provided more of a storyline than this epic actually managed to churn out.  The only parts I found remotely noteworthy was the portrayal treatment of the Irish immigrants in the turbulance of the Civil War era.  <br />So, in brief, the only way I could see this picture even being considered for \\"Best Picture of the Year\\" would be if the only other contenders were \\"Ishtar,\\" \\"Plan 9 from Outer Space\\" or anything else by Ed Wood.
B00008J2DQ|5.0|This album got godsmack back on track (thank [insert deity here]) after the horror that was awake.  This is even better than their first release (a feat not easily accomplished).  It rangers from metallica style old school metal (straight out of line, faceless, make me believe, I stand alone, dead and broken) to harder more recent styles (I F****** hate you, I am) To lighter more melodic stuff (changes, re-align, releasing the demons, serenity).  Sully Erna's voice is much stronger than on the previous two releases and the new drummer is excellent.  a definite must have.
B0000062Y2|4.0|I watched this movie to see his part and was completely thrilled.Does anyone know if he sings the song &quot;King Herolds song&quot; on the soundtrack for this movie? thanks.
B000001Y2U|4.0|This is probably manson's 3rd best album.  Worth it for the most part, although some of the songs just make you want to jam something sharp into your ears repeatedly (mister superstar, Man that you fear)  The other tracks (especially beautiful people, irresponsible hate anthem, the reflecting god, and wormboy) more than make up for this.  While it is my opinion that GAOG and Holy Wood are better, this is tied with mechanical animals for 3rd.  At least it isn't smells like children.  So, in summary, great, but not the greatest.
0156027321|5.0|Read the flap and think you are in for a modern day fable?  Much more goes on in this story than you expect.  Be prepared for vivid moments of gore and for some it will be a bit too much.  Get past that and you will find you would recommend this book to friends for different reasons. You WILL want to discuss this book with others. The tidbits on zoo animals are fascinating.  The child's view of religion and why he selects three is engaging.  The voyage may read like some other novels at times but just when you think you are done, the author produces a whole new event to dispel your complaicency. It will really original material. The ending is very unique and raises more questions which you will want to banter about with others. Grabs you on the first page and is hard to put down.
B00004U2GH|4.0|Those who have heard Johnny Cash's clasic album, At Folsom Prison, have, probably, been possessed of the seemingly contradictory feelings of both loving the album and wanting to hear something else in the same vein, and realizing that its novelty and sheer power could never be repeated. Enter Cash's second live prison album, At San Quentin:  here, indeed, the novelty of hearing Cash deliver prison ballads to an outrageously active prison audience is not as endearing as it was the first time around. Thankfully, Cash does not try to repeat that concert; consequently, it does not dimish the impact and enjoyment level of this album, even if it as not as atmospherically exciting this time around. This time, instead of using a setlist that consisted almost entirely of songs relating to prisons, Cash gives a more well-rounded and varied show, similar to the sets he was playing at other, more traditional, venues at that time. To be sure, he includes a generous helping of those songs in the set -- San Quentin, which the inmates demand he sing twice; the off-the-cuff Starkville City Jail; and, of course, Folsom Prison Blues -- all of which garner extremely enthusiastic responses from the prison crowd. In additon to this, Cash also delivers versions of some of his then-recent hits:  Big River, Daddy Sang Bass, Wanted Man (an oft-forgotten Bob Dylan composition prefaced by Cash's ringing endorsement of Dylan), and Ring of Fire. He also plays some older and more traditional songs, among them Wreck of The Old 97 and the best version of I Still Miss Someone that I have ever heard. He also played a short set of gospel songs, which were well-performed and sincere, and which the crowd seemed to truly appreciate. One thing Cash did not do, as he did at Folsom Prison, was play a short set of more humorous, light-hearted pieces. That is a good thing, as that section of said album was the most anemic, if well-intentioned, part of its running list. Cash does manage to elicit some laughterfrom the crowd, though, with the aforementioned Starkville City Jail and, of course, Shel Silverstein's unlikely composition, A Boy Named Sue, performed here for the first time, which became a smash hit. The performance of the latter tune sounds very spontaneous -- Cash himself was singing the song for the first time, having to read the lyrics off of a piece of paper, as he had not yet memorized them -- and yet sincere. In the hand of a lesser performer, this song could have easily come off as contrived and too silly and cute. Not so Cash:  the song comes off well in the hands of the master. The musical troupe backing Cash also had a lot to do with the difference between this concert and San Quentin. Gone was long-time Cash guitarist Luther Perkins, the purveyor of Cash's signature &quot;boom-chicka-boom&quot; style of music. New guitarist, Oklahoman Bob Wooton, freed Cash from this time-honored constraint, and he sounds positively wild and enthusiastic about his new-found musical freedom. Also backing Cash are not one, not even two, but three other famous acts:  The Carter Family, Carl Perkins, and The Statler Brothers. They all add another dimension and level to Cash's show, particularly on the gospel songs that come near the end of the concert, on which they all perform, and the closing medley in which they take turns singing bits of Cash's songs. Cash seems genuinely proud of this band of musicians, as well he should be, giving them lavish introductions and enticing the crowd to cheer for them. Of course, the main attraction of this album is how Cash plays to the audience, both with his song selection and his endearing, frequently funny, and occasionally rambling between-song banter. One is consistently aware that this kind of atmosphere would never exist anywhere but in a prison, and that is what makes the album so attractive and unique to the listener. If you loved Cash's Folsom Prison album, then pick up this inimitable follow-up, a classic in its own right,that remains Cash's best album in the eyes of many fans and critics.
B000089RVX|1.0|I appreciate the fact that Evanescence are as popular as they are, being a female fronted metal band and all, but what they're doing is really not as cutting edge as most MTV-fed teeny boppers would have you believe.  As opposed to the &quot;Goth Gods of the Linkin Park Generation&quot; or whatever other names have been slapped on them by Teen Magazine, they end up sounding more like a poor man's Lacuna Coil.  Only whereas Lacuna Coil's &quot;Comalies&quot; is complex, sweeping, and beautiful, Evanescence's &quot;Fallen&quot; seldom manages to rise above boring nu-metal tunes that we've all heard a thousand times before.
B00008WG3U|5.0|This is their BEST album yet.  All of their other albums sound the same but this one is different and way better.  I like all the songs on this one equally.  It is a great album and you should buy it no matter what the cost is.
B000099T2L|4.0|After many years of shining with Destiny's Child, Beyonce Knowles has decided she is ready for the world. Her debut is a great exhibit of her true vocal talent. I was mesmerized by many of her tracks and found that the only way to review this album was to go track by track. <br />1. Crazy in Love ft Jay Z- This is like one of the most popular songs out now. Her performances of this song are wild. Her voice and Jay's flow make this a hit.<br />2. Naughty Girl- This track has an oriental feel. I like it. The beat and her voice make a perfect combo.<br />3. Baby Boy ft Sen Paul-  A definite club banger. Sean Paul is hot now and together they kill this track.<br />4. Hip Hop Star ft Big Boi and Sleepy Brown- Another club banger. I am a huge fan of the Dungeon Fam. So of course, this song is one of my favs.<br />5. Be With You- This is a remake of a Bootsy Colins hit. Her voice sounds so good in this one. I think this is my favorite song.<br />6. Me Myself and I- This should be the anthem of a lot of ladies. You don't need anyone to support you because you can do it yourself.<br />7. Yes- This is telling us men that we have to wait on ya'll ladies to let us know when ya'll are ready for whateva.<br />8. Signs ft Missy- Another one of Missy's production. She is really doing her thang. Missy and Beyonce did their thing on this one.<br />9. Speechless- This is one for the bedroom. It is super sexy. I love the guitar and how her voice and the beat make love.<br />10. That how you like it ft Jay Z- Another hit. Jay Z and Beyonce can't stop making great songs. <br />11. The Closer I Get to You- A remake of another classic. Luther and Beyonce, what else can I say.<br />12. Dangerously in Love- The title track is actually just Beyonce singing a song from DC's Survivor album.<br />13. Beyonce Interlude- She's only talking about her beliefs.<br />14. Gift from a Virgo- A smoove closer. It has a old-school feel. I really enjoy it.<br />I hope my review helps you but I have the album you need it.
0385507755|5.0|An incredible story of the resilliancy of the human spirit.
B00005JLPK|4.0|The tempestuous story of the life of Frida Kahlo, Mexican flamboyant and surrealist painter, and Diego Rivera, her brilliant womanizing husband. Salma Hayek is perfectly cast in this sumptuous film that chronicles her own revolutionary behavior, not just politically but also sexually, especially given the era in which she lived. Beautiful cinematography renders a crippling trolley accident vividly real on the screen, while turning a trip to NY into a cartoon-ish sequence. <BR>Wonderful.
B000000H66|5.0|SYMBOLIC WAS A CD WITH GREAT SONGS FROM START TO FINISH ON THIS CD CHUCK SINGS AND SONGS GREAT KNOW OF THAT DEEP VOICE THAT YOU CANT UNDERSTAND. BESY CUTS ARE SYMBOLIC AND ZERO TOLERENCE EVERT TRACK GRINDS WITH GREAT GUITARS
0440180295|5.0|Now that I think about it, I think that this is one of the best books that I have read. I notice that sometimes when I write I start jumping around and such through time and I can't help that this book had an effect on me. It was a fun read and it moves along quite quickly and it was never boring to me. One minute you're in a crowded boxcar living in excriment and the next you are recalling your wife's death. I thought the ending was great and really tied together this perfect anti-war novel. I had it figured out early on, which is unlikely for myself, yet made the book so much more enjoyable. A brilliant piece of literature.
B000099T2L|4.0|1. Crazy In Love   At first it took me a long time to like this song but now that it's played on the radio all the time I don't listen to it at all. <BR>2. Naughty Girl    A least favorite but it seems like a song that would do good as a single <BR>3. Baby Boy   I really do like this song. It has a nice beat to it and beyonce sounds really good. <BR>4. Hip Hop Star   I don't like this song.  <BR>5. Be With You    I don't really like this one either<BR>6. Me, Myself And I   I like this song, one of my favorites. I love the beat. It's a relaxing song.       <BR>7. Yes   This was at first my favorite song on the cd. I love the beat and the melody to the song, beyonce did the dang thang.       <BR>8. Signs   I like this song, it has a little twist to it and I like it alot.        <BR>9. Speechless   A great love making song.        <BR>10. That's How You Like It   One of my favorites, it has a nice beat to it. It has a summer vibe to it.    <BR>11. The Closer I Get To You   It's a nice song but it didn't go with the album.        <BR>12. Dangerously In Love 2    I really do love this song but she should of left it on survivor, or at least did a whole different beat to it.      <BR>13. Beyonc Interlude        <BR>14. Gift From Virgo    A really really nice song, I think it could be my favorite.<BR>15. Daddy   What a nice song. Man, it's  really deep. Her dad really did do alot for her, and she is really lucky to not only have a dad but a MOM like that.<br />Overall beyonce's cd is really nice, one of my favorites of the year. She really did do a good job.
B000092ZYX|5.0|I can't believe all the reviews I'm reading on this album!!! This is Radioheads best album since OK Computer. Every track is a standout track.  It is definitly worth the money.  The only thing that I would recomend is that you give this cd a couple spins before you write it off. The songs grow on you big time.  I honestly hope that Radiohead continue in the direction they are going because the music just keep getting better and better.  Buy this cd and see what I mean.
0446608955|5.0|I like all of Nicholas Sparks Books.
0689859368|4.0|Although the book was a good introduction to the following stories, it wasn't complete in itself.  Not bad just make sure you have the following books before starting the first one -- you won't want to wait.
0783225482|2.0|Another great movie without all the extras fans deserve to have.<BR>First off this version of this film has been out for a very long time now and needs it's own \\"Rejuvenation\\".<BR>This DVD is the full screen format (Yuck) and the picture suffers from grain and the colors seem to be blah.<BR>In the back of this DVD box as well as the VHS you can witness a still of a scene which isn't included in the film, but is in the trailer you can see another scene in motion thats not in the original film. This gives the notion that the film had some extra running time and had been cut right before it's theatrical release.<BR>Ok Universal please re-master this very funny film and please include a new widescreen transfer with loads of extras Incuding those sceens that had been cut! A commentary also would be great with the director and cast!<BR>Death Becomes this current DVD release.
B00009V7T2|5.0|Interesting that I should say that, because when I bought the Radiohead album the day it came out, I was convinced that Hail To The Thief rightfully owned that spot. I originally got into The Mars Volta when I downloaded songs off their Tremulant EP because they were an offshoot of the eternally incredible band, At The Drive-In. I thought the Tremulant stuff was really good, but I know I was not prepared for this brilliant piece of music. I saw it in FYE for ten bucks, I said \\"Hey! Mars Volta's cd is out\\". So I bought it, expecting it to be at least good, however, it was exrtraordinarily beyond that. I guess what started it for me were the percussion bursts of Son Et Lumiere leading into Cedric's cathartic howl in Inertiatic ESP \\"Now I'm lost!!\\". Everything on this album is superb, and I know that nothing that has come out within at least the last three years can touch this album, if not more. Buy it if you want a vastly superior musical experience to that of which we've been exposed to so much (Nu-Metal, Pop-Punk). Also buy Hail To The Thief, it's #2.
B00008GKEG|5.0|Wow,what can be said about The Beatles Anthology on DVD.It's absolutely amazing.The Anthology itself is about 10 hours (plus 81 minutes of bonus material on disc five)long and is such a joy to watch that it almost doesn't seem long enough!<BR>Just about anything you ever wanted to know about the evolution and history of The Beatles from the very beginning in 1940(when Lennon and Ringo were both born)all the way up to their breakup in 1970.<BR>There are literally hundreds of vintage clips of The Beatles,and lots of concert footage,and the music-wow.All I can say is that in DTS sound(also available in DD 5.1 and PCM)the music comes through in a way that I've never heard it before,it is an absolute joy.<BR>The Anthology was made around '94 and '95 and features loads of interviews with the (then)remaining three Beatles,and vintage interviews of John Lennon.<BR>Disc five has some outstanding bonus features,my absolute favorite of which is the &quot;Real Love&quot; video.The song is fantastic(recorded by Paul,George,and Ringo from tracks done by John Lennon before his death),and the video itself is one of the best I've ever seen.But the music-wow,the music just sounds amazing in DTS.<br />About all I can say is that if you are a fan at all,this set is a must.
B000069AUI|5.0|I got interested in this group with their song &quot;Clocks&quot;. I just love the song. This is a great group.
B000077VR3|5.0|Moulin Rouge, in my humble opinion one of the best musicals ever, is even cooler on DVD. Probably because its better quality (no kidding).<br />If you haven't seen the movie, here's a brief summary:<br />Moulin Rouge is a musical that tells the story of Christian, a writer, who moves to Paris {Montmarte} in 1900...and ends up writing a play for the Moulin Rouge...and falling in love with the nightclub's star act, Satine. Filled with awesome renditions of reworked songs from the Beatles, Elton John and more...laughter and sadness (I cried the first 3 times I watched it)... and of course an evil villian, &quot;The Duke&quot;, who stands in the way of Christian and Satine's love.<br />If I could give this ten stars, I would give it ten. This goofy, unique, romantic, melodic, comedic, dramatic movie definitely deserves it.
6304076517|5.0|This is one of my favorite films, and I believe that the key to understanding and appreciating it is to realize that it is not literally a film of &quot;The Tempest&quot; -- it's a ballet based on the play. Yes, it is a rather unconventional ballet, one which could only be presented in film, rather than staged, because even things like overlayed images are part of the choreography. But you wouldn't expect to be able to follow the story of, say, &quot;Swan Lake&quot; (or &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot;...) just from seeing the ballet if you weren't already familiar with the story (or able to read it in the program notes), and the same is true here. Much of what you see on screen is the sort of stylized, non-literal interpretive action you find in any ballet. Yes, there are spoken words, but in a sense, they are mostly used as a part of the score.<br />Now, if there were only a DVD release...
B00005JM09|3.0|My opinion of the this film is very mixed, perhaps confusing. I apologize if it does not help:<BR>T3 will be extremely exciting for newcomers to the Terminator genre, but die-hard fans of the first 2 films may be slightly disappointed. Arnold is back in top form, perhaps his best form. Kristanna Loken's Terminatrix was calculated and cold, making her a perfect killing machine. Unfortunately, Nick Stahl bears no resemblance to the John Conner we are familiar with(blonde???) My largest complaint was this: This time, Arnold's Terminator is not likeable at all. He is cold, rude, and devoid of chemistry with John. He reminds me of Linda Hamilton's Sarah from T2, who, thankfully, was not in this installment. The fight sequences between The Terminator and The Terminatrix were very intense and exciting. The most satisfying surprise in T3 is the cameo of Dr. Silberman in the graveyard scene. It was, among many other scenes, very funny and nostalgic of the previous films. Unlike the intense stand-off at Cyberdyne headquarters in T2, there is no defining battle sequence in T3. When I first heard that James Cameron's passing on this film, I did not think it would have a large impact. I was wrong. I think if Cameron had made T3, it would have been legendary as the first 2 films. Sadly, The Terminator franchise follows in the footsteps of The Alien franchise: a disappointing third installment that does not live up to the previous efforts. Is James Cameron trying to tell us something? In closing, go see it, if for nothing else, entertainment purposes.
B000068PQ0|4.0|If nothing else, the Flaming Lips have a knack for creating intriguing music.  I've listened to lots and lots of albums in my life (the total must be past 500 by now), and I can honestly say I've never heard a band quite like them, or an album quite like &quot;Yoshimi Battles The Pink Robots.&quot;  I guess it's loosely classifiable as a rock album, but I don't hear too many guitars, and the ones I do hear are acoustic.  And more to the point, I don't recall rock music being this pretty.  However, classifications are kind of beside the point here.  Rock or not, what &quot;Yoshimi&quot; IS is an engaging, thoughtful, and challening piece of music that lives up to its considerable hype.<br />Perhaps the worst thing about &quot;Yoshimi&quot; is that is reaches its peak too early.  The album starts off with a bang with the awe-inspiring &quot;Fight Test,&quot; which combines reflective lyrics and irresistible melodies for perhaps the best song of 2002.  Most of the rest of the album isn't as immediate or accessible as the first song, but there's a lot of rewarding stuff here for those who are willing to pay attention.  Driving music this is not: &quot;Yoshimi&quot; demands in-depth (and repeated) listening to grasp its entirety.<br />On ambient songs like &quot;One More Robot/Sympathy 3000-21,&quot; &quot;In The Morning Of The Magicians,&quot; and &quot;Are You A Hypnotist,&quot; frontman Wayne Coyne doesn't sing so much as his vocals float over the band's ethereal soundscapes.  The result is mesmerizing, majestic music that brings to mind a mellower Pink Floyd.  The joyful &quot;Yoshimi Battles The Pink Robots pt. 1&quot; is sure to bring a smile to your face, and the trippy instrumentals &quot;Yoshimi Battles The Pink Robots pt. 2&quot; and &quot;Approaching Pavonis Mons By Balloon&quot; add some nice variety.<br />Lyrically, the album is a winner as well.  Futuristic sci-fi type lyrics abound, but there's some method behind the madness.  The songs, in their own weird way, echo such worthy themes as courage, love, and the need to live for the moment.  Most importantly, Coyne sings with so much sincerity that he can even make a seemingly trite statement like &quot;Do you realize that you have the most beautiful face&quot; (from &quot;Do You Realize??&quot;) sound completely convincing.  While some of the Lips' lyrics may be a bit &quot;weird,&quot; there is a lot of emotion behind them, and isn't that what music's supposed to be about?eird way, echo such worthy themes as courage, love, and the need to live for the moment.  Most importantly, Coyne sings with so much sincerity that he can even make a seemingly trite statement like &quot;Do you realize that you have the most beautiful face&quot; (from &quot;Do You Realize??&quot;) sound completely convincing.  While some of the Lips' lyrics may be a bit &quot;weird,&quot; there is a lot of emotion behind them, and isn't that what music's supposed to be about?
0151008116|1.0|I'm very sympathetic to this theme of trying to find God in the simple story. But Life of Pi is all wet!  The thesis of the tiger and the boy alone in a lifeboat is great, but for me the story and the all important final message just fizzle out to nothing. I'd sooner recommend Mark Helprin's 'A Soldier of the Great War' as THE book for this theme.
B00005JKES|5.0|In the spring of 1990, the ABC network treated it's viewers to a most unusual  viewing experience; the David Lynch and Mark Frost creation \\"Twin Peaks\\". A hybrid murder/mystery, primetime soap opera, darkly funny comedy and super- natural thriller...Twin Peaks was all of these and yet at the same time none. It would use what on other shows would be clichs to create a richly woven tapestry so original, thought provoking and emotionally truthful that it re- defined what television at it's best could truly be. At times it was hilarious and absurd, other times it was heart-wrenching in it's honesty of human  emotion and suffering, and still other times it was deeply chilling and disturbing with images you can't easily shake off days after...and sometimes it was all  these things at once. There had never been anything even remotely like it on  TV before and (so far) nothing like it since. It's influence can be seen in  countless other programs...but only elements, no one has achieved the true  artistry that \\"Twin Peaks\\" had. Being a mid-season replacement series, the whole of it's first season was only 7 episodes and had much of America asking the question \\"Who killed Laura Palmer?\\". <br />The series' was set in the fictional, northwestern town of Twin Peaks, where the murdered body of local homecoming queen, Laura Palmer is found on a beach  wrapped in plastic. This event sets the stage for the arrival of FBI agent Dale Cooper (Kyle MacLachlan) and the subsequent investigation as to the  identity of her killer. It is this investigation that will uncover the quiet  trappings of this small mountain town to reveal dark secrets hidden within and and even darker things lurking without. He will encounter a remarkable cast of characters, all with their own personal agendas.<br />\\"Twin Peaks\\" was and still remains groundbreaking television of the first  order. It was stylistically cinematic, each episode looks very much like an hour long feature film with an equally impressive soundtrack presentation. It was incredibly well written (with so many quotable lines the mind boggles at them all) with fabulous characters, a wonderful sense of humor and a shadowy (and sometimes very scary) sense of mystery. The large ensemble cast of  MacLachlan, Michael Ontkean, Piper Laurie, Sherylynn Fenn, Laura Flynn Boyle, Peggy Lipton, Miquel Ferrer, Ray Wise, Joan Chen and far too many more to list here are all uniformly excellent in their respective rolls.<br />For \\"Twin Peaks\\"' debut on DVD, Artisan Home Entertainment has put together a very nice set featuring episodes 1 thru 7 (unfortunately the 2 hr. pilot is missing due to rights issues, originally owned by Warner Bros. it is now owned by Paramount). The packaging is a slick fold-out design with transparent slip case, much like the design of Fox's X-Files box sets. 4 discs are included.<br />With only 2 episodes per disc, these transfers are mastered at a very high  bit rate and the results are stunning. Having been used to the soft, grainy picture afforded by the previous video versions of the series, I was quite unprepared for the unbelievable picture quality delivered on this release.  These new high definition, re-mastered transfers are breathtaking, with colors rendered perfectly (the green opening titles nearly leap off the screen). Blacks are solid with excellent shadow detail, flesh tones are accurately  reproduced and the show's red color schemes have never looked better (without a  trace of bleeding). No digital artifacts are present and I never noticed any signs of edge enhancement, all in all an incredible job. <br />The same can be said for the sound presentation here, you can choose between Dolby digital 5.1 surround and 2.0 surround or (in a first for any television DVD product) DTS digital surround. These are very good mixes, the DTS surround being the best. The surround elements are reserved mostly to ambient sounds  and Angelo Badalamenti's brilliant music, dialogue is placed mostly in the  center and is clear and intelligible. This is television and not a Hollywood action spectacular so don't expect reference quality surround use, but a  detailed sound mix perfectly suited to the show. Badalamenti's score is  especially well presented here.<br />I would suggest to first time viewers to try and get hold of the pilot episode. Although it has an alternate ending filmed as a possible \\"closed\\" ending for European markets, it is actually an uncut version of Cooper's dream in episode 2. You can also purchase an import DVD of the pilot from Amazon.com which is the original broadcast version, the video and audio is not as pleasing as on the set reviewed here but still it is acceptably good. Artisan has included a booklet with the season 1 set explaining the events of the pilot but I would suggest viewing it if possible before viewing ep.1 thru 7. With each show being a day in the investigation, viewers will likely be lost without the events of the pilot to start from. <br />Overall a very impressive set from Artisan. If you missed this extraordinary show before, don't miss it this time. And please hurry up with Season 2.
B000096I9G|3.0|First of all, too many close ups. They're all looking a bit 'pub dad' nowadays, so more perspective on the light show might have been percipient. Secondly, I remember 'A Short Term Effect', 'Cold' and 'Disintegration' played faster live, originally. The Pornography set seems to be played slower than the album which takes some doing. I can't see the point of doing a show like this if you're not going to bring something new to the table, a new interpretation, etc. What's the point of a ploddingly faithful rendition of the records on stage at this point? Okay, so it's now a historical document, it's 'on the record' so to speak, but so what? This is about as dynamic as a turtle. Know what a tortoise is? Same thing. Pleasant listening, but it might as well be Pink Floyd. There's an encore of Kiss stuff. I never understood why this material was left out of the trilogy loop when it sounds little different in style.
0316666343|5.0|This book was a book of the month for our book club and I was kinda hesitant to read a book about a 14 year old girl being murdered.  However, after finishing this book, I cannot rave enough about it.  It is an amazing and touching story which will stay with you and make you think.<br />I had my 16 year old niece read it and she insisted on buying Alice Sebold's other book &quot;Lucky.&quot;<br />I highly recommend this book to everyone!
0767825411|2.0|Okay, first off, the 2 stars are for the *video itself*, not the movie.  The movie is hilarious and very well done -- 4.5 stars.  Unfortunately, the VHS version is terrible.  The screen reformatting is horrendous -- the &quot;pan and scan&quot; isn't smooth at all, and the coloring is obviously off at some points.  Get the DVD instead.
B00005JKWJ|4.0|Blade 2 is a great action movie with vampires and blood. The action scenes in this movie are awesome and the dialogue isn't bad. I quite enjoyed this movie and the only reason I gave it a 4 instead of a 5 was because at times the movie was too dark.
B00005JKLZ|2.0|H G Wells invented the time travel story, alien invasions, tanks, death rays,air wars, mutation stories, etc. Having read just about everything H G wrote, the &quot;Time Machine&quot; is probably the most succtinct and visionary of his works (ignoring the class struggle elements implicit in the tale).The original story for the &quot;Time Machine&quot; was written by Wells in a frenzied night and morning session and it was superb.No subsequent cinematic production has done any justice to the original. The 1960 George Pal version was silly and dated, but at least Rod Taylor of Australia  bought a bit of verve to the film. The rest of the 1960 cast, cold fish Yvette Mimeux, and Alan Young with his phoney Scots accents, were pretty abysmal.<br />Unfortunately more time and labour was expended on this disappointing effort than can be justified. Guy Pearce, the male lead, is a gifted actor (seen &quot;LA Confidential&quot; or &quot;Memento&quot; ?) (and another Australian time traveller) and I can really can't criticise him more than to say he is languid and unimpressive. Guy must have realised the thin-ness of the material. Jeremy Irons is wasted in a cameo and the rest of the cast is utterly forgettable.<br />The liberties taken with the story, complete with happy ending, make the whole movie practically unrecognisable from the original story. Its not being suggested that a film has to slavishly follow the original work, but if you deviate greatly from the original at least some degree of originality or quality should be sorted. The plain dumb &quot;science&quot; (blowing up the Moon and having the fragments rain on the Earth, computers surviving eight thousand centuries without a service, ruins with discernible writing on them after 800,000 years, etc) are insults to the intelligence of even the most forgiving audience. The &quot;romance&quot; of Mumba and Pearce is dull and passionless. The Morlocks are creepy but uninteresting. Quite disappointing.
0440219078|5.0|The books that Lois Lowry writes and amazing.  Especialy in this book, theme and symbolism are brought through in a way that a child can enjoy just as much as an adult.  Our whole family read this book and had a discusion on its connections to the Bible as well as to idealism and the significance of difficulties.  I recomend this book to any age group, and any perfered reading genra, this book covers them all. --If you like this, also try Lois's other book, Gathering Blue
B00004TH6O|4.0|\\"Feel Good Hit of the Summer\\" leads off \\"Rated R\\" with a crazy, decadent vibe, but the album doesn't remain at such a chaotic pace. Queens of the Stone Age have everything in their songwriting repetoire: The band's music caters to the thinking man, the party goer, the rockers, people with a sense of quirkiness, and mainstream audiences who just like good, melodic rock and roll -- with a twist of weirdness thrown in.<br /><br />\\"The Lost Art of Keeping a Secret\\" is instantly likable, and it's the song that got me into this awesome band. Many of the other tunes on \\"Rated R\\" share the same low-key, melodic vibe of \\"Lost Art...\\", which makes for a great listening experience. Vocals on this album are shared, giving it a more eclectic feel than the classic-rock sound of [[ASIN:B00000AGA0 Queens of the Stone Age]]'s debut album, another excellent CD. Also, unlike the darker first album, \\"Rated R\\" has a brighter sound, and in some cases a more pop/rock feel, which caters to a wider audience. Various musicians, including the great Mark Lanegan (see [[ASIN:B0000035F5 Whiskey for the Holy Ghost]]), contribute to \\"Rated R\\", and the results are great.<br /><br />Perhaps \\"Rated R's\\" most interesting -- and best -- tune is \\"Better Living Through Chemistry.\\" It begins foreboding enough, with Josh Homme's distant, echoey vocals and a dark guitar riff. Paranoid lyrics give way to a quiet lull, before a Zeppelin/Sabbath riff kicks in unexpectantly.  The song is disjointed and a little strange, but perfectly sums up this band and its love of experimentation (on many levels!).<br /><br />Many of these lyrics are obviously influenced by drugs, all of them very rock and roll in their intent. It sounds like the band had a good time making \\"Rated R.\\" \\"In the Fade,\\" sung by Mark Lanegan, is a tune that should have made its way straight to modern-rock radio playlists all over the country -- the song has \\"hit\\" written all over it. A slower, mellow tune with pleasantly vibrating guitars, \\"In the Fade\\" is another great musical moment for this band, and showcases its versatility as musicians and varying musical tastes. \\"Tension Head\\" is pure hard rock, with an aggressive riff and raging vocals by bassist Nick Oliveria. By contrast, \\"Lightning Song\\" is a pleasant guitar instrumental that just kind of floats for two minutes, making way for the last Sabbath-influenced song, \\"I Think I Lost My Headache.\\"<br /><br />Overall, \\"Rated R\\" is less straightforward than the first album, less ambitious than the third album (see [[ASIN:B00006F83Y Songs for the Deaf]]), and full of more interesting sounds and great tunes by one of the best bands ever.great musical moment for this band, and showcases its versatility as musicians and varying musical tastes. \\"Tension Head\\" is pure hard rock, with an aggressive riff and raging vocals by bassist Nick Oliveria. By contrast, \\"Lightning Song\\" is a pleasant guitar instrumental that just kind of floats for two minutes, making way for the last Sabbath-influenced song, \\"I Think I Lost My Headache.\\"      Overall, \\"Rated R\\" is less straightforward than the first album, less ambitious than the third album (see [[ASIN:B00006F83Y Songs for the Deaf]]), and full of more interesting sounds and great tunes by one of the best bands ever.
0399134204|5.0|This was the first novel that I have ever read by Amy Tan and it was outstanding.  She did a masterful job of explaining how this group of four women came together and became known as the Joy Luck Club.  Each of the four women has a daughter and there is a section of the book for each of the eight women in which you hear in great detail about past experiences and how they relate to the events that were then unfolding in each of their lives.  For me, it was this type of character development that really brought this novel to life.  The author also gave the reading audience the opportunity to take a peek into a new and different culture.  I especially liked the way the mother's would prefer to talk in their native Chinese dialect and the daughters spoke in very fluent English.  This was, no doubt, a byproduct of their having been raised primarily in America.<br />The way that the four mothers used the Mahjong table as not only a means of playing a game but also as a way to reflect on their past and share their hopes and dreams for their own daughters was wonderful.  It allowed them to forget, even if only for a few hours, about the tragedies and heartache that they had all been through and allowed them to bond with one another.  Each of the women represented a wind direction at the Mahjong table and when the time would come that they would pass away, as Suyuan Woo did early on in the novel, the respective daughters of those women would then assume their role at the table.  To me, there was never a dull moment in this book and I know that I will be reading it again and again.  I definitely recommend this book to anyone, especially those who are reading an Amy Tan novel for the very first time.
B000002WPI|5.0|I remenber hearing \\"bring da ruckus\\" on  this cats boom box back in '93 when 36 chambers came out... I was like who's that ? After that i just hooked on all of their albums ! I can't express how excellent this debut realy,  realy is!! So much skills,production,raw all in one... It was realy overwellmean, if ya ask me! I still  blast this amazing album  whenever im just sitting in the stairs, infront of my apartment with my  boyz! If your into pure,powerfull, integillent, and,100 % quality hip hop... Own, Enter the wu-tang (36 chambers)!
B00005ASOI|2.0|That's a few hours of my life I won't get back, but I'm sure it was good for the time it was made.
B000002WU9|5.0|Wow, blown away ? Yes! I always got love for true mc's and reakwon is one of those pure mc's i always look for... His other disc &quot;immobilarity&quot; is still a classic disc, altought not near as good as &quot;only 4 cuban linx' i still had that raw sound in it! What can i say about reakwon's sideproject debut? it's  sick and the song &quot;ice cream&quot; ? Love the beat and bass on that track! The lirycs ? Out of this world!!high lighs ? &quot;incarcerated scarfaces( classic)&quot; , &quot;can it all be so simple&quot; , and, &quot;heaven &amp; hell&quot; that particalur track used to be our summer anthem around here!! Peace!
B000092ZYX|5.0|I could write pages about Radiohead and Hail To The Thief, but I'm going to keep this short and sweet. It might sound redundant, but this is not really Radiohead's return to \\"rock.\\" I personally thought that Kid A was brilliant and that Amnesiac, despite the questionable sequencing, had great songs. But too many overlook the fact that these albums were not completely void of guitars (see \\"How To Disappear Completely,\\" \\"Optimistic,\\" \\"Knives Out,\\" \\"I Might Be Wrong\\") and that they were not outright forays into experimental electronica. Hail To The Thief is more guitar-based, but it continues with the glitch-techno touches that made Kid A and Amnesiac (in)famous. Overall, Hail To The Thief sounds like a step backward on paper, but it's a very logical progression. \\"2+2=5\\" is one hell of an opener, moving from calm electronic beats to outright \\"Just\\"-era chaos in three minutes. \\"Sit Down. Stand Up\\" is beautiful and exciting and again reaches an urgent peak with its percussion and blip-filled ending. \\"Backdrifts\\" and \\"The Gloaming\\" are sparse songs reminiscent of the electronic aspects of their two previous albums, only much more stripped-down. \\"Sail To The Moon\\" and \\"Scatterbrain\\" find Radiohead in a soothingly dark and serene mood while \\"We Suck Young Blood\\" sounds like a horrifying sequel to \\"Life In A Glasshouse.\\" In a class of their own are the perfect \\"There There,\\" probably Radiohead's closest thing to an \\"anthem\\" in years, and \\"Go To Sleep,\\" a driving gem of a rock tune. \\"Myxamatosis\\" rides a distorted bassline and eerie feedback in ways only Radiohead could; if any song deserves a single release, here it is. Despite its more conventional nature, Hail To The Thief still requires a few listens to understand. It won't necessarily please those who gave up on Radiohead post-OK Computer, but if one keeps an open-mind and puts aside certain expectations, they should find this to be another classic in Radiohead's amazingly consistent body of work. My album of the year sofar.
B0000029GA|5.0|The only disc that nas ever sounded sick and topnotch on!Yo,  \\"illmatic\\" has one of the most pure hip hop sound ever and not to mention the lirycs. Nas, never  sounded weak or tired at all plus ? The beats was too sick! You should always bang the track \\" n.y. state of mind\\" classic hip hop anthem right there dun! Peace!
0792838068|5.0|I have never seen a movie that shows somebody's problem and addiction in such a round and honest way. With both Cage and Shue, these were the performances of a lifetime. Leaving Las Vegas was a very depressing movie, if not the most depressing that I have ever seen. It was funny, strangely romantic, violent, and depressing all at once. This film just painted such a vivid picture of a man who totally drinks himself away and the prostitute who fell in love with him. This was a very daring and original film. I would not recommend that any children should see it. Its R rating is well-deserved, for pervasive extreme alcohol abuse, strong sexual content including some nudity, language, and violece including a rape. Leaving Las Vegas is not the feel-good movie of the year at all. It is just an incredible film with very depressing elements. I give it five stars for the performances, the dialogue, the directing, the makeup, and the film as a whole.
B00005YU1O|5.0|This film is so visually stunning, I don't have the words to describe it. I highly recommend seeing it. It will leave you speechless. Beautifully presented.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Recent researches pointed that 90% of Britney's fans are cuter than her, 95% of the fans sing better than her, and 99% is under age to see that. &quot;She can't sing, she is just cute.&quot; Cute?! Where, in the bonbon? Ok, but-t music is the subject. Since there's no music, let's write more on the earlier subject.<br />Again, as we were talking...
B000059Z8J|4.0|With the release of the special edition of Superman: The Movie, we finally get to see the Superman we always wanted.  By just re-adding eight minutes of Richard Donner's film, we now have chemistry between Kal-El &amp; Jor-El.  We get to see more footage of the Krypton Council, a cameo by veterans of the previous Superman incarnations, and the finale that makes more sense.  Jor-El's warning about tampering with time no longer comes off as nagging, but rather commanding.  Sadly, the relationship between Superman's time travel stunt to save Lois Lane and the release of the Phantom Zone criminals in Superman II is not fully covered.  Oh well, the film is vastly improved and now stands as the premier superhero movie.  Kudos to then unknown Christopher Reeve as Superman/Clark Kent.  He is dead on as the Man of Steel.  Thanks again for the Superman we were promised back in 1978.  It was worth the wait!
B000084T18|4.0|good cd at first but gets old fast when you hear it over and over again on the radio.
B00009NH5W|5.0|The first time I heard TTD was in the late 80's while in Europe on a business trip. His voice was one of the most soulful I've ever heard. I was the first one out to but &quot;Hardline&quot; when it was released in the U.S. and have played it until it's almost worn out. I never bought another TTD CD since then.<br />Today I was in my local record store and saw &quot;Wild Card&quot; on the shelf. I'm so glad I bought this CD, it is simply a great piece of work. My favorites are &quot;Designated Fool&quot; and &quot;Ev'rythang&quot; as it showcases his immense voice/talent. <br />I've re-discovered TTD and ordered Vibrator and Symphony or Damn to add to my collection.
B000050IE6|5.0|Wow... what can i say?.. This masterpiece is absouloutly amazing. Just look at the other reviews, it just about explains everything, EXCEPT, you have to actually listen to this album to experience the power that is &quot;Opeth&quot;
B00008NRI8|5.0|I must admit, being a guy myself, I was a little reluctant to watch this movie, as it might be a 'chick flick.' After some coaxing from my girlfriend to watch the movie, afterwards, I was very impressed. The movie itself has a great plot, and some parts in here are just hilarious. I would absolutley recommend giving this movie a try.
B00005A46T|5.0|This is one of the only albums out today that can truely be considered heavy. This album brings not only the heavy down-tuned guitars, but a blinding speed and intensity that has been missing in recent years. You know this album is good when you listen to it and can't imagine it on MTV. The only eception is \\"Left Behind,\\" which altough more accessible, is still a well crafted song. If you are an old-school thrash fan who thinks modern metal sucks, this is just what the doctor ordered
6302798450|5.0|If your looking for a great movie that kicks,  well my friend this may be the one, did i say may I mean will!!  <BR>The movie starts off with a medieval twists and weird sci fi opening that is great.  He is trapped in time with some weirdos who criticize everything he does but do it because he has a shotgun, and awesome chainsaw attached to his arm,and a hot chick to follow!There are numerous fight scenes ,and hilarious one liners from the movie. Comedy horror which is one of the best movies trust me !
6300988600|4.0|The U.S.S. Enterprise arrives in an uncharted area of space to answer a distress call from the U.S.S. Defiant, NCC-1764. The starship is visible on their viewscreen, but sensors on board the U.S.S. Enterprise say it's not.<br />Kirk, Spock, McCoy and Chekov beam aboard and spread out to investigate. Everyone aboard is dead ... apparently killed in a bizarre mutiny, although there are no life readings aboard. McCoy, in the ship's sickbay, tells Kirk that he can find no clue as to why the crew died, but has taken readings to study. Then, as his hand passes through a body and exam table, McCoy realizes the U.S.S. Defiant is dissolving.<br />Quickly Kirk orders them beamed back to the U.S.S. Enterprise, but Scotty explains that due to the poor stability of the space around them, he can only beam three aboard. After the usual debate, Kirk stays behind while the others beam back. When Scotty tries to bring Kirk aboard, his image wavers, and disappears. Interphase, Spock calculates, will occur in a little over two hours. In the meantime, they must wait. If the captain is still alive, they should be able to retrieve him then.<br />Complications arise when Chekov goes crazy and attacks Spock on the bridge. Slowly, more members of the crew fall prey to the \\"illness,\\" attacking their crewmates. McCoy and his staff work round the clock to find a cure. When the doctor suggests Spock \\"put some distance\\" between the Enterprise and the  Defiant, Spock explains that any movement in the weakened space could disturb both ship's positions and jeopardize Kirk's rescue.<br />At a little over an hour before interphase, a Tholian ship appears, telling Spock that the U.S.S. Enterprise has violated Tholian space. The Vulcan explains that they were answering a distress call from the nearby U.S.S. Defiant and are waiting until they can retrieve Kirk. The Tholians agree to wait until the appointed time before taking action.<br />Unfortunately, when the interphase occurs, Kirk is not where he should be. Spock suspects that the Tholian's entrance into the area of space disrupted the U.S.S. Defiant's position. A funeral service is held for Captain Kirk, following which McCoy insists they view the Captain's last orders. Spock reluctantly agrees and the two men go to their friend's quarters and listen to Kirk's touching advice.<br />Uhura is the first to see Kirk's image floating before her, and for a time, McCoy thinks she's contracted the disease. But when he and Spock see the Kirk on the bridge, they realize that he is, in fact, still alive.<br />The Tholians decide that Spock has, lied to them and opens fire. Making a decision, Spock orders the phasers fired at the ship. The Tholian ship is disabled, but soon another ship joins it and they begin \\"building\\" a sort of web made of shining filaments. Spock analyses the web and announces that if they don't bring Kirk aboard and leave before the web is completed, they \\"won't see home again.\\" At the last minute, Spock orders full power against the web and the U.S.S. Enterprise is thrown outside the Tholian's trap, several parsecs from their previous position. The hope is that Kirk, caught in the U.S.S. Enterprise tractor beam when they changed position, was brought with them.<br />Tensely McCoy waits with a hypo of tri-ox for Kirk, whose air is running out as he's successfully beamed on board the U.S.S. Enterprise, alive and unharmed. In a humorous tag, McCoy and Spock convince Kirk that there had been no time to view his final orders and Kirk, somewhat disappointed that his wisdom had gone unheard, says that he hopes there isn't a similar circumstance where the two men will view the tape.
6304077939|5.0|Leolo<br />This is a dark comedy that has much in common with the wonderful French film by Patrice LeConte entitled The Hairdresser's Husband.  Certainly the two films are in the same genre. The film is a backwards and forwards look at the life of a gifted young lad named Leo, unlucky enough to be born a Silk Purse in a family of Sow's Ears, to complete the metaphor.  Leo has the soul of a poet, and we hear his exquisite thoughts weaving the film together.  The voice-overs are in French, of course, which makes them even more beautiful.<br />Leo is a dreamer, and his story is about the importance of dreams, and of love.  The film is full of premonitions and gives many clues about events to come.  It's a journey into the agonies and longings and ordeals of coming-of-age, but it's also much more.  It's at times zany, playful, tragic, poetic, pensive, and thoughtful.  It's filled with contrasts: innocence and depravity, sweetness and brutality, melancholy and etheriality, images of beauty and squalor, picturesque, warm vistas of Sicily and the cold starkness of tenements in Canada, a loving family cavorting on a Sunday outing and the craziness existing within that same family, just to name a few.  The wonderful sensitivity and beautiful poetic quality of this film are exquisite to savor.  It is a film that takes its time to tell its story, and finding that wonderful quality in a film is a true delight.  So many films made in this country and in the world are compacted into staccato images that hit one's psyche like a machine gun.  This one lingers on the images it presents, and imparts its message in its own time, on its own terms, and in its own unique way.<br />This is a film that needs to be seen more than once.  It's complex and deep and wide-ranging and ambitious in scope.  It's full of many-sided emotions and it's about more than just what happens in the plot.  Purchase it, and savor it, and contemplate the wonderfully told story of a truly amazing life.  Highly, highly recommended!!ly, highly recommended!!
B000069AUI|4.0|Since I recieved this album as a gift for my birthday, I have not been able to remove it from my cd-player. This is just one of those albums that in my opinion, is good from start to finish.<BR>There is a beautiful simplicity and honesty that is present in these songs that just blows most of the everday angst ridden sing alongs on the radio away.<BR>Now of course the theme of love and loss has been explored numerous times in music but this does not negate the fact that love and loss are still  profound emotion and songs with this profound emotion and feeling in them,(you guessed it) are in fact profound.
0140042520|5.0|This is yet another compelling novel by Jack Kerouac, but unlike his more famous semi-autiobiographical novel &quot;On The Road&quot;, this one captures more of Kerouac's spiritual and ascetic side and does so within the context of Buddhist muses and the more worldy aspects of existence. <br />In On The Road, Kerouac (or Sal) is a youthful wanderer seeking experience by hitchhiking across the U.S. and stopping to explore the wilderness of various cities. In Dharma Bums the wilderness he explores is the desolate mountains of California. At the beginning he sets ouf with his friend Japhy, and some other climber named Morley, to take on the precarious task of hiking a mountain called Matterhorn, and later Ray spends almost two months in solitude as a fire lookout on a mountain he calls &quot;Desolation.&quot; <br />While at times I became peeved at Kerouac's (or Ray's) somewhat childish Buddhist ramblings, I began to realize that it was this unfettered exuberance with life that is utterly lacking in the seriousness of our business oriented society with its somber goal to mechanize human life. <br />We hear very little of Neal Cassady (Cody in this book), who was the maniacal force that hurled On The Road along, with the exception of the scene in which Ray watches Cody's girlfriend Rosie who later commits suicide the morning after Ray tells her, in response to her paranoid rambling, &quot;But you're getting these silly convictions and conceptions out of nowhere, don't you realize all this life is just a dream? Why don't you just relax and enjoy God? God is you, you fool!&quot; Unfortunately I'm not too sure his consolation mitigated her paranoia about reality but you can't blame Ray's sincere attempt to help. The sytle of this novel is less plot and more sensory perceptions, which are captured in Kerouac's magnificant prosaic style. <br />Oh, one more thing. The book opens with Jack hopping out of a freight &quot;somewhere near Camarillo,&quot; which is the city I livein. I think that's one of the many reasons why I am drawn to his novels. He lived and experienced America more than most of the  American citizens who claim that Kerouac was a dissident while it was his dissidence that really proved how much he loved and felt for the U.S.
B00006RU5B|4.0|When the lead Vocalist of Rage Against The Machine left the rock world was shocked not ready to give up the crazy wild riffs of rage well in a hope of light Rage against the Machine annouced that they were going to get a new lead singer whoever thought it was going to be former Soundgarden Singer Chris Cornell..this is one of the best Rock Albums of the year not doubt about it must have...my favorite songs include (Like a Stone, Chochise,show me how to live, Gasoline) great album get this as soon as you can
B00003CXBK|5.0|This movie is 110% suitable for adults or kids of any age.  In case you're wondering, there're no robots, no sci-fi, etc. just an earthy struggle between a modern way of life and an ancient way of life.  The characters are endearing, and their struggle one which we all can sympathize with.
B000002J1B|5.0|Relayer captures Yes at their most inspired. If you've even wondered what people thought they were trying to do in those days with 20+ minute songs, check out &quot;Gates of Delirium&quot;. While the side-long songs on &quot;Topographic Oceans&quot; have enough pleasing moments, they're rather disconnected walks through galleries of sound paintings compared to the continuity of &quot;Gates&quot;, beginning to end. <br />I'd love to worship Yes religiously, the Gods only know how many near-transcendental moments Yes' music has given me, but I have to lament suspecting that even when this experiment in the old looooong songs successed with this much sheer brilliance, that management still went into panic after two albums without a hit single, and everything that has ever followed has suffered greatly from the hot breath of said management (who are to blame) down the neck of the artists. Have a look at Emerson, Lake and Palmer posing as the Bee Gees on the cover of &quot;Love Beach&quot; if you have trouble to believe that reality happens... I swear there must have been a time when the managers of Yes and Rush had to be having a contest to see who could put the most ominous thing in front of the naked man -- compare the cover of &quot;Going for the One&quot; with the immortal &quot;2112&quot; logo -- and were probably much more concerned with that than the quality of the music... Don't like &quot;The Messenger&quot;? There it is on the &quot;House of Yes&quot; DVD- and what does Jon say to introduce it? &quot;Our manager told us...&quot; <br />If &quot;Relayer&quot; had only been hailed for what it was, I love to dream of what would have happened after, even if there's a burst of the same inspired fire in &quot;Awaken&quot; before it goes into a long sleep. <br />But, even being able to, and even forced to, admit that Yes could indeed make some not-so-good albums, I remain convinced this is the best album they or any other prog rock gods ever made. <br />The album doesn't suffer any from Patrick Moraz's airy, jazzy bursts that have a tendency to help open the numbers... they're clearly ornament rather than intended to be content, and Moraz proves himself just as capable as Wakeman of rocking out when he wants to, and even more capable of adding hooks to the songs.<br />The slow pace of some parts of &quot;Sound Chaser&quot; and &quot;To Be Over&quot; (there is also plenty of smoke coming off Patrick's keys on &quot;Sound Chaser&quot;) doesn't seem out of place after the long, ever-increasingly spirited romp of &quot;Gates&quot; until just before the enthralling end (sometimes known as &quot;Soon&quot; and seperately featured on later live releases), Steve Howe's &quot;just-Steve&quot; solo space seems more a part of the whole for being part of the songs and fitting in nicely. Plenty of great work by Steve all over this, from the most beautiful and tasteful, to the some of the truly wildest.<br />I get the feeling there was &quot;an idea&quot; drifting around Atlantic records at about this time that for Zeppelin manifested as &quot;Ten Years Gone&quot; on &quot;Physical Graffitti&quot;, and as &quot;To Be Over&quot; on &quot;Relayer&quot;; the beautiful, &quot;quasi-Oriental&quot; phased twang guitar riffs on both works are melodic and moving, and they still tend to sound like works in their own right rather than clones of one another thanks to the powerful gifts of their respective bands. <br />Best of all I think this is still, to date, the best official perfomance of this work; the QPR live DVD captures the magic of all of &quot;Relayer&quot; live all on Vol I., and literally magical it is, but unless I'm yet another person with a faulty copy, it's more often visual joy than aural- the video is quality is awesome but whoever was running the sound mix should have been taken out and shot, the way that some instruments abruptly drown out others and do so for sometimes tens of minutes at a time, and should have been shot again forit ending up in the finished product. I'll gladly have another listen to &quot;Gates&quot; on &quot;Yesshows&quot; but for over 20 years, I've thought of &quot;Relayer&quot; as the best version of the best work of the best prog rock group, at their very best, and I still haven't changed my mind.
B000000OQF|5.0|Music in the late 80's [was bad] with all the \\"Hair Bands\\" who thought they were hard rock! Then Guns N' Roses came along and gave rock music a swift kick in the ... This album contains some of Slash's best guitar playing, with great riffs, and awsome solos. \\"Sweet Child Of Mine\\" contains Slash's best guitar solo ever! From the opining notes of \\"Welcome to the Jungle\\" to the end of \\"Rocket Queen\\" this album doesnt let up. Its one of the strongest albums I've ever heard. Not one bad song on Appetite For Destruction. Axl's voice is probly at its best on Appetite. This album is among rocks top 15 albums maybe even top 10, and its easily Guns N' Roses' best album, this is a most own for any colleciton. You will never hear a Guns N' Roses album with such power!
B000003TB6|5.0|The lyrics arent as intense as those in &quot;Illedelf Halflife&quot;, but for real hiphop heads and real lovers of jazzy music. . .then this is the one. The live sound of this album is really a beautiful thing; you hear the drum set and the bass guitar like you were there watching them live. Best of all, Blackthought and Malik represent perfectly. . .this CD is beutiful.
B00003CX5P|5.0|When Star Wars Episode 1 opened in theaters Summer 1999 No one knew what to expect they knew that it was going to be a Prequel to the original Star Wars Films but they werent sure how it was going to be Storyline and Character Developements After hearing Both sides of the Story of Episode 1 being bad or good i went and saw it for myself and boy was i Surprised This Movie Is Top Notch Entertainment And Liam Neeson Knows exactly what he's doing he may be Bland but thats his characters Portryal he supposed to be wise smart and calm thats what makes him the Jedi Master...as for the rest of the cast Ewan Mcgregor Stood A Good Performance Portraying the young Curious Obi-Wan Natalie Portman Did A Decnet Job And Jake Lloyd who played Anakin Put in a Few Good Lines that are Critical Of How he will in the future Transform into the Evil Darth Vader The Light Saber Battles are Outstanding and worth watching over and over the Pod Race is a thrill ride this movie is wonders to behold...No one Should Bag on this movie if only they could see for one moment how good this film really was then they wouldnt even dare talk Trash about it i am a Critcal Critic when it comes to films i judge only the best such as Titanic,Gladiator,Gangs of New York,Catch Me If You can, and many other A+ Films..anyways this is the ultimate Sci-Fi Adventure Enjoy
B000084T18|5.0|After releasing \\"Guess Who's Back?\\" underground, 50 Cent's hype began to rise so much that people were waiting for his debut album before it was even announced. After releasing \\"Wanksta\\" and \\"In Da Club\\", 50 Cent's hype was at his peak. In his first 4 days, 50 Cent broke Snoop Dogg's record for unit of albums sold by a debut rap album with 872,000 copies. After getting the album, now I understand why. Here's a breakdown of the album.<br />The album starts off with a 6 second intro which leads into \\"What Up Gangsta\\". The beat is straight up banging and 50 lays down 2 hard verses. One of the best songs on the album, \\"Patiently Waiting\\" featuring Eminem is next. Eminen's verse is ill as ever but 50 still comes strong over a dark beat. The mostly anticipated, \\"Many Men\\" is next and it basically talks about how 50's enemies wish death upon him but he comes back and get's revenge. \\"In Da Club\\" is the single everyone around the world has heard and it's still going strong on the billboard charts. \\"High All The Time\\" is an ode to the drugs he smokes as the song contains elements of Bobby Blueland's \\"If Loving You Is Wrong (I Don't Wanna Be Right)\\". The hardcore banger \\"Heat\\" is next which is filled with a gunshot drumline and some hot spitting by 50. \\"If I Can't\\" features a party beat by none other than Dr Dre while 50 flows very smooth. \\"Blood Hound\\" feat. Young Buck is actually one of my favorites. I'm really feeling the beat and the way 50 and Young Buck rapped to the song. Another song for best song on the album is \\"Back Down\\". The diss to Ja Rule and most of Murder Inc is strong and stellar over the dark, errie beat by Dr Dre in which 50 really gets his message across. The next single, \\"P.I.M.P.\\" follows right after that with the beat done by Denaun Porter of D-12. 50 talk about how he stay pimpin certain hoes and how they won't get nothing out of him. The Rockwilder-produced \\"Like My Style\\" is an average track and really didn't my attention that much but the beat is good. \\"Poor Lil Rich\\" is a track on how 50 grew up from being poor and how he's living up in riches and glory. The love song \\"21 Questions\\" takes 50 in a different direction in which 50 asks his girl 21 certain questions. \\"Don't Push Me\\" feat. Eminem and Lloyd Banks is another song that got my attention. Lloyd Banks really shined on this song and he shoulda gotten more props but 50 and Eminem had stellar verses. \\"Gotta Make It To Heaven\\" is actually a good song if you understand what 50 is saying: \\"I Gotta Make It To Heaven, But Going Through Hell...\\" The CD also features 3 bonus tracks which includes the radio single, \\"Wanksta\\", the lyrical genius of \\"U Not Like Me\\" and \\"Life's On The Line\\".<br />In my opinion, 50 came very strong in making this album but I wished the he would have spitted more realer topics because I know that 50 is capable of it. If you're not one the the 5 million people who has the album, you better go cop it now.
B00005ASIL|1.0|Jethro Tull was not a singles band, and this album is pointless. If you're considering buying it, you're probably fairly new to Jethro Tull: start with &quot;Stand Up&quot;, and see if you can get the un-&quot;remastered&quot; version without &quot;bonus tracks&quot;.<br />If you're fairly young as well as fairly new to Jethro Tull, you may be deceived by remarks such as this from Jethro Tull's web site, &quot;Widely recognized as the man who introduced the flute to rock music, Ian Anderson remains the crowned exponent of the popular and rock genres of flute playing; so far, no pretender to the throne has stepped forward.&quot; <br />According to its liner notes, written by Ian Anderson himself, Mr. Anderson took up the flute only a few months before recording Jethro Tull's first album &quot;This Was&quot; in the summer of 1968. Ray Thomas, on the other hand, played flute prominently on The Moody Blues's first album &quot;The Magnificent Moodies&quot; released in 1967 (as well as on the subsequent Moody Blues albums). Chris Wood played flute on Traffic's first album (and on subsequent Traffic albums), &quot;Mr. Fantasy&quot;, also released in 1967. Flutist Ian McDonald was an original member of King Crimson, which released its first (tremendously successful and influential) record, &quot;In the Court of the Crimson King&quot; in 1968. Thijs Van Leer was the flutist, keyboardist, and leader of Focus, a rock group from Holland that achieved mass U.S. popularity in the early 1970's, the same time Jethro Tull achieved mass U.S. popularity. Later, in the early 1980's, Men at Work, featuring flutist/saxophonist/keyboardist Greg Ham had a long string of hits (think of the flute in &quot;Down Under&quot;) and a record-selling first album.<br />Ian Anderson was early associated with his penchant for flutter-tonguing and singing through his flute, but these don't originate with him either: they are long-standing jazz-flute techniques. Mr. Anderson was probably consciously following in the footsteps of jazz flutist Rahsan Roland Kirk, whose &quot;Serenade to a Cuckoo&quot; Jethro Tull recorded on its first album, &quot;This Was&quot;. Other notable jazz flutists include James Moody, Herbie Mann, Hubert Laws, and Joe Farrel.
B00009V7T2|5.0|No wonder it is one of the favorite albums of &quot;Porcupine tree&quot; guitarist.  IT IS A MASTERPIECE.<br />What fascinated me at first listening, was the transitions between super fast music and slow music in every songs.  Then, &quot;Led Zepplin&quot;, &quot;Santana&quot;, &quot;The Music&quot; and &quot;Jane's addiction&quot; came to my mind. <br />Check out song &quot;Drunkship of lanterns&quot; a kind of speed salsa with springy guitar, just terrific!  I enjoy every single songs of this album.<br />My lyrics impressions:  Never heard something like that, so strange and intelligent.  Old prog would colour up to the eyes.  Knowlegde flow in the vein of the writer. French title for first song, lots of medical terms, science terms, latin words.  I see Mr. Pavlov is there (not spelled properly by the listener who wrote lyrics).  Omerta (code of silence by mafia in Italy) too.  There is also spanish singing on song &quot;Concertina&quot; from another album of &quot;Mars Volta&quot;.<br />I feel I would never be able to sing along a song.  The phrases structure are very complex and hard to memorized.  Maybe after a thousand try.  Well I am french.<br />Just buy it, it is a low price album with high quality music.
0808581945|3.0|Because I have spent virtually my entire adult life in prison, Im always interested whenever I hear about a book suggesting a different response to crime. Locking people in cages for decades at a time fails to prepare prisoners for the challenges they will face upon release.  <br />Several years ago I heard a fellow prisoner talking about Anthony Burgesss novel, A Clockwork Orange. He said that Burgess wrote about the state reprogramming prisoners in a way that would ensure the offenders would no longer break the law. I decided to read the book if ever I came across it, and was happy to see it last week.<br />Burgess tells his story through the first-person accounting of Alex, his teenage protagonist. Alex is a juvenile delinquent who catches his thrills by hurting people and destroying property. Eventually, one of his robberies turns into a homicide, and Alex finds himself in prison. He becomes part of an experimental project where prison doctors cause Alex to experience severe pain and nausea whenever he witnesses or contemplates the possibility of crime. When Alexs mind is completely reprogrammed, he is considered cured and released from prison as a free man.<br />I found the book somewhat difficult to read because Burgess tells the story in the vernacular of a British teenager. Many words are not Standard English, so its like reading a book in patois. Fortunately, the volume I had included a glossary in the back that I was able to turn to frequently, and through that translation, I was able to understand the book.<br />Like George Orwell, Burgess uses satire to expose the governments efforts to control all aspects of its citizens lives. During these Bush/Cheney/Ashcroft/Rumsfeld times, were seeing more and more of this governmental intrusion. In A Clockwork Orange, the government tinkers with the thought patterns of criminals in order to bring them into compliance. Once the government perfects its methods, those in control may use those methods to program everyone to think and live in accordance with the government machine. Freedom becomes threatened as citizens become numbed into the New World order.<br />Although Id like to see the criminal justice system reformed in way where individuals could earn their freedom after they achieved some clearly identifiable objectives, the onus should be on the individual, rather than the government, to make the change. This book was not an easy read, but one that the politically cynical might enjoy.
B000075BFK|5.0|Six years after 2Pac's death, his constant release of unreleased music is still growing. Another example of this is his release of \\"Better Dayz\\". After hearing the single \\"Thugz Mansion\\" being played on the radio (fianlly radio giving him airplay), I figured that I would pick up his album. After listening to both albums all the way through, I would consider this his fourth best CD ever. The beats so much better than \\"Until The End Of Time\\" and the songs on the albums have even greater messages. I'm going to break down the best tracks.<br />Disc 1 starts off with an intro and then starts off with \\"Still Ballin\\" featuring Trick Daddy. This is a great song and the beat is crunk. \\"When We Ride On Our Enemies\\" is a diss to numerous people such as The Fugees, Da Brat. \\"F--- Em All\\" is a diss to Biggie Smalls featuring The Outlawz in which the beat is banging. \\"Never B Peace\\" is all about how the streets will never be peaceful because there's always two sides clashing which results to innocent dying. \\"Mama's Just A Little Girl\\" is probably the best song on Disc 1. This song is an absolute classic in which 2Pac displays the hardship of a mother prematurely having at baby at an early age. \\"Street Fame\\" is another good song over a piano loop beat attacking his enemies. <br />On Disc 2, the album starts off with the great track \\"My Block\\". 2Pac gives shout outs to all his blocks in which he was raised and his time growing up. The first single, \\"Thugz Mansion\\" is a good track in which 2Pac hopes that there be a thug mansion when he dies. \\"Never Call U B---- Again\\" is a good slow tempo track featuring Tyreese which talks about ho he will treat his lady with more respect. \\"Better Dayz\\" is the best track on Disc 2 and probably the best track on both albums. Featuring Ron Isley, 2Pac talks about troubles in his hood and how he hopes that things will get better. \\"Fame\\" is one of my favorites. The songs is about what people would do to get a piece of fame. I like the \\"Fair Xchange remix\\" over the original because the beat is more hype and Mya is a good add-in to the song. \\"Catching Feelings\\" is another semi-diss to Biggie Smalls and the Outlawz attack some other people. \\"There U Go\\" is an ode about how certain gurls you meet can become and act like hoes. Another banger is \\"This Life I Lead\\". The beat in straight banging and everyone does their part here. \\"Who Do U Believer In\\" is a good personal song and \\"They Don't Give a F--- About Us\\" is a strong closer.<br />This is a strong double-disc album from 2Pac. After being a fan of his material for so long, I would suggest this album to add in your 2Pac collection or something to add to get away from the Bulls--- rap is putting out right now.
B00008G9JO|1.0|Let's admit it: &quot;Stand Up&quot; is not great music; it's merely great fun. Well, you can't have youthful exuberance forever, but for individuals, there are usually compensations. We get wiser and deeper. We grow. We mature. <br />Not so for rock groups such as the Rolling Stones and Jethro Tull. These lose their youthful exuberance and only gain staleness and sterility, and &quot;Heavy Horses&quot; is a particular case in point.<br />(Note that John Lennon found it necessary eventually to dissolve the Beatles, Paul Simon found it necessary eventually to dissolve Simon and Garfunkel, Sting found it necessary eventually to dissolve the Police. It's called &quot;LIFE&quot;. Deal with it.)
B00006CXXU|5.0|Just to give you an idea of what sort of peron I am, I am a punk girl from Baltimore, who works for a Spencer Gifts and usually makes fun of girls like Christina Aguilera! Until now! One day at work a song comes over the radio that had me at the words, &quot;Saving all your bulls**t for another day!&quot; The song was so incredible, and at first some co-workers and I thought it was tough, semi punk, and oddly likable Pink! We had no idea it was Christina Aguilera! Since purchasing the cd for that one song I have listened and become addicted to every track! Literally every track! &quot;Make Over&quot; is one of those songs that you want to listen to LOUD while driving in your car. &quot;Can't Hold Us Down&quot; is a woman's anthem, and to hell with anyone who doesn't agree! If you didn't like Christina before please give one or two songs a try! GIVE THIS CD A CHANCE! You won't be disappointed. I wasn't!
0920668372|5.0|I was reading the reviews for this book I read for the first time last night, and really understood.  For the \\"opponents\\" of this book, realize that much of the book is a metaphor. The mother does not really drive across town with a ladder, but the love in her heart would allow her to do so if her son needed her. <br />I'm about to have my first child, and this book helped me realize that although my own mother may not have been perfect, she always had love for me.  And with all the \\"unlove\\" in this world, a mother's love should be celebrated.  <br />Let's not all become amateur psychologists and analyze this book to pieces.. simply take it for what it is, an imaginative portrait of a mothers love.
B00000ILE6|4.0|I agree that for a sheer &quot;thrill rush&quot;, &quot;Aliens&quot; is hard to beat.  However, the first film still has more tension and terror for my money to make IT the better film.  Subtlety, the strength of Scott's movie, always works better than an all-ought frontal assault as Cameron's film possesses.<br />Besides the eye-popping visuals and the alien make-up, much of the second installment's strengths lie in the performances of Weaver (reprising her role as the first film's sole survivor, Ellen Ripley), Lance Henrikson as &quot;Bishop&quot; the android, Bill Paxton as a macho private that learns the meaning of fear, and Jenette GOLDSTEIN as a HISPANIC soldier.  The latter is so believable as a &quot;Latina&quot; that one would think she hailed from Puerto Rico.<br />If &quot;Aliens&quot; had not been in the sci-fi category, a nomination for a &quot;Best Supporting Actress&quot; Oscar may have been bestowed upon Goldstein. Everyone knows that &quot;The Academy&quot; only has a fondness for &quot;costume dramas&quot; or &quot;period pieces&quot;.
B00005JMGL|5.0|This movie is not a prequel or sequel to anything.  It is in fact the first movie ever done of the actual, original J. M. Barrie story and play, including the notion of using the same actor for both Captain Hook and Wendy's father Mr. Darling.  That actor, in this case, being the wonderful Jason Isaacs.  And I would predict that following this film's release, we will think of no other actor in the role of Captain Hook.  Jason Isaacs promises to be magnificent!
B000068IEU|4.0|The movie is disturbing. I guess thats what it's meant to be because it is in no way shape or form scary. The special effects aren't that great cause it was made in 71, but I Imagine they were decent for the time. I think the abbrupt ending and bad films cuts add to the messed up feel of this movie and make it better, cause the movie is so strange to begin with. I didn't find the killing or rape shocking, just the idea that the 4 criminals did it for the hell of it is kinda sick. and another thing that makes the movie kinda good, is that the parents don't act bloodthirsty or crazy, and all the victims are dead within a 10 or fifteen minute time span, and the parents are so ametuer about trying to kill the people, they barely are able to kill them because they are scared themselves or just not smart. but anyhow, if you bought this to see phenomonal acting and awesome special effect, you bought it for the wrong reason. It is a classic because this was the first movie to do this type of stuff, but I will say this, it's a heck of a lot better than most prissly teen slasher flicks you see today, and I liked this movie better than scream.
B000075BFK|5.0|listen 2 the last (hidden) track on disc 2. it prooves the 2Pac is still alive. he'll be back sept. 13, 2003 (exactly 7 years after his &quot;death&quot;)
B00005JLET|4.0|The reviews title in no way is meant to degrade this fine film.  With superb animation, a wondrous score, and a fascinating story, &quot;Spirited Away&quot; deserved its Oscar.<br />However, there are elements of the story that can be better appreciated by one slightly more familiar with Japanese culture.  It appears as though the &quot;dialog&quot; was altered to accomodate American audiences.  Perhaps, the version with subtitles, maintaining the original's integrity, would be preferable to this version featuring dubbed in performances from &quot;Anglo&quot; actors.
B000089RVX|5.0|I love everything from classical to Linkin Park and POD.<br />Evanescence has somehow managed to capture a clasical sound, wrapped up in a Linkin Park style, added some very deep (and sometimes dark) lyrics, and created a magical and soulful experience. Sort of a depper, darker Linkin Park with a female lead - and, no doubt, perspective.<br />I simply cant wait for their next album. I may be 40, but i know great music and huge talent when i hear it! :-)<br />This isnt everyones &quot;cup of tea&quot;, but i've been playing this album for the last two days over and over - it just gets better!
B000068IEU|4.0|The movie is disturbing. I guess thats what it's meant to be because it is in no way shape or form scary. The special effects aren't that great cause it was made in 71, but I Imagine they were decent for the time. I think the abbrupt ending and bad films cuts add to the messed up feel of this movie and make it better, cause the movie is so strange to begin with. I didn't find the killing or rape shocking, just the idea that the 4 criminals did it for the hell of it is kinda sick. and another thing that makes the movie kinda good, is that the parents don't act bloodthirsty or crazy, and all the victims are dead within a 10 or fifteen minute time span, and the parents are so ametuer about trying to kill the people, they barely are able to kill them because they are scared themselves or just not smart. but anyhow, if you bought this to see phenomonal acting and awesome special effect, you bought it for the wrong reason. It is a classic because this was the first movie to do this type of stuff, but I will say this, it's a heck of a lot better than most prissly teen slasher flicks you see today, and I liked this movie better than scream.
B00005JM09|5.0|Terminator fans get ready for the fastest adrenaline pumping Terminator yet!  Arnold returns in the third installment with fantastic dialouge and action sequences.  The story line is the best ever in the series and Arnold's nemesis is terrific to watch in action!  The chase scenes out do the earlier two installments (which were fantastic movies in their own right) but the acting by Arnold is superb.  Arnold makes you believe he's exactly who he is.  It will also be fun for My So Called Life fans to see the beautiful Claire Danes (wow has she ever developed into a beautiful woman!)  The theater was crammed full but I didn't care.  It is a riveting feature for action film lovers.  Don't waste your money on 28 Days Later.......See Terminator:  Rise of the Machines, and you WILL NOT be disappointed!
0066620996|5.0|There's really no comparison.  Buy &quot;Beans&quot; as well.  That's all.
B00006JL1Z|5.0|I suggest for you to purchase this collection of hits from the legendary FLEETWOOD MAC should you want to hear pop/rock music created to make a band become legends in their own time.<br />Short and simple this is &quot;classic pop/rock&quot; at the highest level.<br />The principal musical focus of this compilation is the decades of the mid-seventies &amp; early eighties when FLEETWOOD MAC truly  dominated music charts alongside the EAGLES. You'll notice how their music has aged like fine wine.<br />The combination of their harmonies, lyrics &amp; melodies all blend to perfection.<br />This compilation is a must for all avid pop/rock music fans.
B000068IEU|4.0|The movie is disturbing. I guess thats what it's meant to be because it is in no way shape or form scary. The special effects aren't that great cause it was made in 71, but I Imagine they were decent for the time. I think the abbrupt ending and bad films cuts add to the messed up feel of this movie and make it better, cause the movie is so strange to begin with. I didn't find the killing or rape shocking, just the idea that the 4 criminals did it for the hell of it is kinda sick. and another thing that makes the movie kinda good, is that the parents don't act bloodthirsty or crazy, and all the victims are dead within a 10 or fifteen minute time span, and the parents are so ametuer about trying to kill the people, they barely are able to kill them because they are scared themselves or just not smart. but anyhow, if you bought this to see phenomonal acting and awesome special effect, you bought it for the wrong reason. It is a classic because this was the first movie to do this type of stuff, but I will say this, it's a heck of a lot better than most prissly teen slasher flicks you see today, and I liked this movie better than scream.
006016848X|3.0|While \\"Men Are From Mars, Women Are From Venus\\" is a useful guide to maintaining a healthy relationship with one's mate, I can't say I agree with the title.<br />I don't mean to sound like a raging misogynist, but the planet Mars is typically associated with invasions, ruthless attacks, and unspeakable horrors. Considering most guys I know are laid-back schlubs who want to spend all day on the couch, who does this sound more like?<br />For example, I recently decided to play \\"Cap'n Sensitive\\" and help out around the house by making the bed. Now, aside from the pillows that my wife and I actually sleep on (the purpose of a pillow, unless I'm mistaken), we have seven \\"cute, cozy, decorative\\" pillows that rest on top of the bedspread. <br />Apparently, there is a very specific order to follow when placing the pillows. It's partially based on rank (i.e. size) and color, but logical analysis would be unable to determine the proper structure upon first glance.<br />Needless to say, my head was removed when my wife learned of my ignorant pillow-placement. She spent five minutes \\"explaining\\" that the one with the frills goes flower-side-out, because \\"nobody wants to see vertical stripes on the bed.\\" Why she felt the need to impart this information at the top of her lungs is beyond me.<br />My point is this: Mars is often depicted as a hostile aggressor to quiet, unsuspecting planets. I'm definitely the quiet, unsuspecting planet around here.
0441003257|2.0|The book had great potential with respect to plot and characters.  It DID have some very funny dashes of wit - presumably c/o Pratchett's input no doubt.  However, I found the story rather monotone, predictable, and uneventful throughout.  <br />How could two such talented writters come up with this stroke of syrup?  Honestly, I couldn't believe how terribley disappointed I was when I had finished it.<br />I obviously don't recommend it, because it was terribly BORING.
B00008LDPU|3.0|Ok,Ok. Pretentious in my book. Check out the original Heavy Metal. Alot more interesting and fun and, who knows, possibly one of the inspirations for Animatrix.
B000068IEU|4.0|The movie is disturbing. I guess thats what it's meant to be because it is in no way shape or form scary. The special effects aren't that great cause it was made in 71, but I Imagine they were decent for the time. I think the abbrupt ending and bad films cuts add to the messed up feel of this movie and make it better, cause the movie is so strange to begin with. I didn't find the killing or rape shocking, just the idea that the 4 criminals did it for the hell of it is kinda sick. and another thing that makes the movie kinda good, is that the parents don't act bloodthirsty or crazy, and all the victims are dead within a 10 or fifteen minute time span, and the parents are so ametuer about trying to kill the people, they barely are able to kill them because they are scared themselves or just not smart. but anyhow, if you bought this to see phenomonal acting and awesome special effect, you bought it for the wrong reason. It is a classic because this was the first movie to do this type of stuff, but I will say this, it's a heck of a lot better than most prissly teen slasher flicks you see today, and I liked this movie better than scream.
B00009L1TA|3.0|This flick starts out well but eventually get too confused for it's own good.  The first fifty minutes was a pretty engaging military drama/thriller that gets the viewer guessing what version of the truth is a lie.  Then it gets complicated beyond repair.  The filmmakers had a good thing going but threw in way too many twists, leaving the viewer with an understanding of what happened, just somewhat confused on why so many deceptions had to take place to get there.  If you liked the twistiness of WILD THINGS you'd like this flick, which I found  too busy twisting to be delivering genuine thrills and strong plot.
B00000IQW3|5.0|The Movie:<br />When I was young, &quot;The Last Starfighter&quot; always held my attention with it's awesome CG effects. Now I'm older, CG Film Effects are far more advanced, but this film still holds up! With its mix of exciting action, romance, and CG effects that are as fresh now as they were in 1984, &quot;The Last Starfighter&quot; is a remarkable film that will remain a masterpiece for years to come! Movie Grade: A+<br />DVD Review:<br />&quot;The Last Starfighter&quot; is given an exceptional DVD release! The picture has never been mor exquisite, the sound never more clear. The behind-the-scenes documentary is one of the best ever produced. With DVD, &quot;The Last Starfighter&quot; will last forever! DVD Grade: A+
630463949X|5.0|This concert is priceless now that the band is only 4 strong.  The show has the perfect mix of new and old with a great ending featuring the USC Trojan Marching Band.  This is a must have in everyone's collection.
0156027321|3.0|For an animal lover, this isn't the greatest book in the world.  A good portion of the book deals with vivid descriptions of how animals are killed and eaten by man or by beast.<br />And let me save you about 100 pages.  The whole entire first part can be skipped.  Pi likes animals.  His family are zookeepers.  His dad thinks tigers are the most dangerous animals on the planet.  Pi secretly goes around practicing Muslim, Christian and Hindu religions until they all find out about each other's roles in Pi's life and try to convince him to choose one - theirs.  And because money isn't good and India is falling apart his family decides to get on a boat with all their animals and move from India to Canada.<br />There, 100 pages saved - completely skip that part of the book.<br />The remainder of the tale is nearly its equal in boredom.  Maybe I'm just not &quot;proper&quot; enough to &quot;get it&quot; but it wasn't my favorite book.  The most interesting part was when Pi finds a floating island of flesh-eating algae.  And the final conversation with the Japanese men who want a believable tale about why their boat sank was also interesting.<br />The rest of the book I could have skipped.<br />Beware of the New York Times bestseller list.
B000002UJQ|5.0|OK computer is more than just a great rock album, its celestial and its the greatest and most important album to come out in more then 20 years. I saw Radiohead live at Glastonbury a couple weeks ago, and Yorke singing Karma Police (feautured on OK computer) was quite frankly the most touching moment of my life. Do yourself a favor, by this album, it is haunting, beautiful and ultimatly perfect.
0393039765|5.0|If you even liked the movie, you will love this book.  It's very excellent and I have read it several times!  It has excellent commentary and it's a true page-turner.  It's really great, I can't use enough superlatives.
B00006LLNU|5.0|( ) is the most beautiful album i have listened to, it trancends any earthly emotions, it soars above words and labels, and Sigur Ros are not a group to be forgotten anytime soon. I saw them live at Glastonbury a few weeks ago, and it was one of the best live shows i have seen, and brought me to tears at a few parts. Sigur Ros is an unearthly group.
B00003CXXM|4.0|Matt Damon is Jason Bourne, a 30 million Dollar weopon that went bad. He now is being chased by his employers after an assasination went bad, and something else happened also, he has lost his memory.<BR>Jason Bourne has to duck and dodge police men, while trying to find out his past. This movie is filled with great acting and a great storyline. Before seeing this movie I suggest reading the book. That way you will have a little bit of a background before watching the movie.<br />The DVD has great special features are great, I bought this movie last week and I'm still watching the deleted scenes and the behind the scenes feturette is marvellous. When they say this is a Collectors edition they MEAN IT!<br />If you like action movies then the bourne Idenity is for you!<br />Colin Nickell
B000003TA4|5.0|Its been almost a decade since the tragic death of Kurt, and still to this day, Nirvana is still remembered. Almost every rock bad today has tried to imitate the stlye of their music, but Nirvana will always be the one who created it. Even after all this time, this CD still remains to be one of my favorite rock albums. From Kurts lyrics, to the hard sound of the guitar. It will always be a classic, and Nirvana will never die!
B000003N7G|1.0|As a fan of jazz from the 50's and 60's, I keep trying to like this piece. Many of Coltrane's phrases repeat the same notes over and over. This can be clever once in a while, but over and over, it's just annoying. The first number is torture if you like melodic music. There's no connection between the phasing and the rhythm. Again, is this supposed to be clever? If you subscribe to the idea that &quot;weird is genious&quot;, then you may like this CD. <BR>There are many sax players from this period who have better tone and phrasing. Coltrane's tone is like listening to someone sing while holding their nose.
0385504209|5.0|This book was one of the most intriguing, suspensful, intelligent, and well-written books I have read. It was absolutely worth my time and money.
B000002H33|4.0|All I have to say is...intro of Damage Inc.  It gives me shivers every time I listen to it.  It is awesome.  Not to mention Welcome Home, Master of Puppets, and Orion.  Brilliant.  Still not as good as Metallica Black album.  Once again, Damage Inc.
B0000524CY|5.0|The Exorcist (1973) is the sensational, shocking horror story about devil possession and the subsequent exorcism of the demonic spirits from a young, innocent girl (of a divorced family). The Exorcist was notable for being one of the biggest box-office successes (and one of the first 'blockbusters' in film history, predating Jaws (1975)), and surpassed The Godfather (1972) as the biggest money-maker of its time. And it remains one of the few horror films nominated for Best Picture. However, it was also one of the most opposed films for its controversial content. Roman Polanski's successful Rosemary's Baby (1968) played upon similar fears of devil possession. The controversial nature of the film's content - exorcism (accompanied by blasphemies, obscenities and graphic physical shocks), was supposedly based upon an authentic, nearly two-month long exorcism performed in 1949 on a 14-year old boy (with pseudonym\\"Robbie Mannheim\\") in Mt. Rainier, Maryland by the Catholic Church (in the form of a fifty-two year old Jesuit priest named Fr. William S. Bowdern and Fr. Raymond Bishop). The official exorcism was reported in Thomas B. Allen's and Carl Brandt's 1993 book Possessed: The True Story of an Exorcism. [Possessed (2000) was also a pay-TV-cable Showtime movie of the same name, starring Timothy Dalton.] The film's plot was also partially inspired by a similar demonic possession case in Earling, Iowa in 1928. In the early fall of 2000, the film was recut and released in an 11-minute longer version (and retitled as The Version You've Never Seen), with an enhanced digital surround-sound, six-track soundtrack - as a writer-producer's cut. Additional scenes that were excised were restored to the print, including Blatty's preferred ending in which good triumphed over evil. (A bantering discussion between a police detective and a young Jesuit confirmed the fact that the spirit of Father Damien Karras lived on rather than the Devil's spirit.) Other additions included a shockingdown-the-stairs, back-bending \\"spider-walk\\" by the satanically-inhabited girl, enhanced scenes with Father Merrin (played by the brilliant central actor Max von Sydow who based his performance on the real-life Jesuit theologian Pierre Tielhard de Chardin), and a few other minor changes. We thought it improved the film. <br />David: ***out of***<BR>I was very impressed with this film. I consider it to be the scariest film ever made! It's intense and extreme, and shouldn't be ignored. Unlike films that rush to the gore, The Exorcist unwinds quietly while Friedkin calmly ratchets up the tension. He devotes considerable energy to the development of his characters, especially Father Damien Karras. This role is portrayed perfectly by the sad-eyed, craggy-faced Jason Miller; it is his sense of guilt in his mother's death, combined with his growing crisis of faith that provides the film with its spiritual and emotional depth. Don't watch it with that so what attitude. Take it seriously and watch it alone in the dark.<br />Andrew: ***out of*** <BR>This movie scared me to the point of tears. I also consider it the scariest movie ever made. A new millennium - a new Exorcist. Well, if nothing else, the re-release of the nouveau-gothic mannerisms of William Peter Blatty's novel, so effectively adapted to the screen by director William Friedkin, will provide an opportunity for a generation jaded by increasingly gruesome and gratuitous slasher flicks a chance to see how it can be done without sacrificing the crafty build up of suspense and subtle development of character. One that absolutely must be viewed in the dark.<br />Brandon: ***out of ***<BR>The exorcist, of course, is most often cited (by fans and critics alike) because of the scenes depicting Regan's possession. While recurring claims that this is the \\"scariest movie of all time\\" are highly debatable, there can be little doubt that this remains one of cinema's most shocking and gut-wrenching experiences. The special effects, which are key to creating half a dozen scenes that have entered film lore, retain every bit of their enormous initial impact. In my opinion it is the scariest flick ever!<br />This is a horror film that has stood the test of time and has scared audiences for generations. We hope our review has been helpful to you, and hope that wehave persuaded you to see this movie. Not only is it a great horror film,it is a great film period! So if you decide to buy it, you must view it in the dark.
B00005JLSE|5.0|Chicago deserved every award it won and more. The reviewers above must not have watched the same film I did, because Chicago is one of the most refreshing and wonderful films ever made. Moulin Rouge was wonderful, but Chicago took it to the next level. As for the musical being degraded from a cheery fantasy world to dark corners of society, I don't think the above reviewer has seen many musicals. The fact of the matter is, few musicals (especially since the 70s) are non-stop \\"life is bunnies and daisies\\" happiness. Even Oklahoma has its downer songs...and today, Broadway thrives on sheer fun (Hairspray and The Producers) and hard emotion (Cabaret, Les Miserables and Phantom of the Opera).<br />Don't listen to the featured comments. Buy this movie, and you'll understand all that I've said...brilliant performances accompanied by brilliant direction and choreography. Drew Out.
B000059XY7|5.0|THIS MOVIE IS ONE OF MY FAVORITE'S. ITS UP THERE WITH MOVIES SUCH AS STAR WARS,BATMAN,GHOSTBUSTERS,JAWS,AND THE BACK TO THE FUTURE MOVIES.PS SUPERMAN IS THE BEST MOVIE.
B000089RVX|3.0|To everyone hailing Evanescence as an original band, or calling their sound original, take a look at the band Lacuna Coil.  The whole &quot;goth metal&quot; sound w/ a female lead is nothing new.  Now before everyone starts wigging out on me, I'm not dogging on Evanescence, Fallen is a decent cd.  It just burns me up to see people calling them original.  They are carbon copy. Listen to Lacuna Coil's &quot;Comalies&quot; cd, or any of their other releases. They are phenomenal.
0792107683|5.0|THIS ONE IS AS CLASSIC AS CLASSIC CAN GET.<br />LITTLE GUY ALAN LADD TURNS IN A BIG PERFORMANCE AND UNDOUBTEDLY<BR>THE ONE HE IS MOST REMEMBERED FOR. HIS SEEMINGLY PASSIVE CHARACTER DRIFTS INTO THE TERRITORY AND ACCEPTS WORK AS A 'HIRED HAND' FOR A BLUE COLLAR FARMER, WHO IS ONE OF MANY BESIEGED SODBUSTERS.<br />BRANDON DEWILDE PORTRAYS THE UNFORGETTABLE FARMER'S SON 'JOEY' WHO GROWS TO IDOLIZE THE DELIBERATE STRANGER CLOTHED IN BUCKSKIN AND STRAPPING A CONCHO PISTOL RIG WITH HOLSTERED IVORY STOCKED, NICKEL PLATED PEACEMAKER .45. THERE IS A SCENE IN THE FILM THAT IS LIGHT YEARS AHEAD OF ITS TIME FOR 1953. JOEY'S MOM WHO IS ALSO TAKEN WITH SHANE SCOLDS THE MAN FOR GIVING HER YOUNG SON TIPS ON HANDLING FIREARMS. SHANE ELEQUENTLY RESPONDS AS THOUGH HE IS SPEAKING DIRECTLY TO THE FUTURE BRAIN DEAD ANTIGUN PROPONENTS. &quot;A GUN IS JUST A TOOL.&quot; HE SAYS &quot;LIKE A SHOVEL, OR AN AXE. IT IS NO BETTER OR NO WORSE THAN THE MAN WHO USES IT.&quot;<BR> THIS IS SUCH SIMPLE LOGIC THAT TOTALLY ELUDES THE POLITICALY CORRECT, WIMPY LIBERALS OF MODERN AMERICA.<br />SHANE BECOMES MIRED IN THE ON GOING LAND FUED BETWEEN CATTLEBARON 'RIKER' AND THE HARDWORKING FARMERS.<br />THERE IS A MEMORABLE FIST FIGHT BETWEEN SHANE AND A 'RIKER' TOUGH PLAYED CONVINCINGLY BY VETERAN CHARACTER ACTOR BEN JOHNSON. WITH EVERY SOLID PUNCH FROM SHANE, ONLOOKING 'JOEY' TAKES A SNAPPING BITE FROM A CANDY CANE. IT IS PURE DIRECTORIAL GENIUS. MODERN FILMAKERS CANT TOUCH SUCH ELEGANCE IN ACTION.<br />BUT THE CLOUDS TURN DARK AS 'RIKER'S' HIRED GUN SHOWS UP IN THE LANKY EVIL EYED FORM OF 'WILSON' DEMONICLY PORTRAYED BY JACK PALANCE. WILSON GOADS ONE COCKY SODBUSTER INTO A GUNFIGHT WHERE THE ASSASIN RUTHLESSLY BLASTS THE MAN BACKWARD SKIDDING THROUGH STREET MUD.<br />THE WHOLE FILM EVOLVES FROM A PLACID BEGINNING TO A SINISTER SHOWDOWN WHERE SHANE WHO IS A REPENANT GUNMAN HIMSELF FEELS OBLIGATED TO RID THE WEST OF RIKER'S PESTILANCE.<br />IN THE LAST CLASSIC CONFRONTATION SHANE TURNS THE TABLES ON WILSONWHO COOLY DRAWS BUT NOT QUICK ENOUGH. SHANE BLOWS THE VILLIAN INTO ETERNITY AND THEN TAKES OUT RIKER AND ANOTHER BACK SHOOTER. AS SHANE DEPARTS HE SYMBOLICLY TWIRLS HIS PISTOL INTO ITS HOLSTER AS THOUGH EXCLAMATING HIS 'JUST' FEAT.<br />OUTSIDE THE SALOON WHERE THE SHOOTOUT OCURRS SHANE DISCOVERS THAT JOEY WITNESSED THE WHOLE THING. SHANE TELLS JOEY THOUGHTFULLY THAT HE (SHANE) CANT RETURN HOME WITH THE BOY. IN SAVING THE RIGHTFUL FARMERS HE HAS CROSSED THE LINE AND CAN NO LONGER LIVE AMONG THEIR RANKS. &quot;THERES NO GOING BACK FROM A KILLING.&quot; HE SAYS REGRETFULLY, AND THEN RIDES OFF INTO THE DARKNESS WITH JOEY CALLING HIS NAME RELENTLESSLY.<br />AND AS THE BOY CRIES OUT FOR HIS HERO, WE TOO CRY OUT FOR THIS TYPE OF QUALITY ENTERTAINMENT THAT MUCH LIKE 'SHANE' SEEMS TO HAVE RIDDEN OFF INTO THE SUNSET.
B000002N25|5.0|I am not kidding.  This album is simply the greatest album of the last 50 years.
B00004Z4WQ|1.0|This has got to be one of the most horrible sci-fi/teen movie parodies, I've ever seen. This is a hodgepodge of sorts. The erratic-sequencing of all the paltry sub-plots (\\"I Know What You Did Last Summer\\" comes to mind) are questionable. I seriously doubt, the (director's) movie's dubious-intentions on making the viewer laugh. In fact, I laughed so hard watching this movie.... NO. Actually I didn't, It made me want to vomit. Much to my dismay, this awful movie came-across as being egregious and inept. If you're interested in getting shot in the head, with this cinematic-disaster of epic-perportions, then this is the movie for you. For those of you, who have enough sense to avoid this kind of debauchery, I would highly recommend covering your eyes and ears. (see no evil, hear no evil.) This is a \\"Scary Movie\\" alright. I wouldn't see it, again. I would give this movie ***negative-stars*** for being the worst movie to ever hit theaters in decades. And another thing, Carmen Electra has got to be the worst-actor in the realm of the silver-screen. She's one of the hotest-chicks out there, I'd have to admit...but she comes-up way short on her own merits. If I were you, I would avoid watching \\"Scary Movie\\" altogether. Don't waste an afternoon with your friends on this  movie. I would definitly go see \\"Not Another Teen Movie,\\" it's well put-together and has belivable action-sequences from such teen-movies like \\"Ferris Bueller's Day Off\\", \\"10 Things I Hate About You\\", and (a timeless classic) \\"The Breakfast Club.\\"
6300216268|5.0|Anyone born after 1980, generation Who Cares, has in all likelihood not been exposed to a movie like Harold and Maude. Before subtlety died out, films used to rely on the intelligence of the viewer. Harold and Maude rewards those who are willing to be active, rather than passive, moviegoers. <BR>The plot is almost incidental when held next to the amazing performances. Harold, a twenty-ish wealthy man still living with his overbearing mother, meets Maude, a 79 year old woman at a funeral. Harold is obsessed with death. Maude is obsessed with life. There you have the movie in a nutshell.<BR>Harold's staged suicides could have been seen as cheap parlor tricks intended to stun the viewer, but instead each one is hilarious that gives us an insight into Harold's wounded psyche. Maude could have been on overly perky, friendly woman, but instead there is a method to her maddeningly aggressive approach to befriend Harold. There is a reason she loves life so much. <BR>Harold and Maude fill a void in the lives of the other, and their whirlwind friendship is always joyous and honest. This relationship is why the movie is so infectious. They do not match, but they fit. <BR>All of this might not be enough for someone who uses movies as an escape, but for a viewer who loves well-drawn characters (as well as dark, cynical humor) this movie is perfect.
B000092ZYX|2.0|OK Computer still stands as Radiohead's masterpiece.  Amnesiac was a nice try but really nowhere close, and this one misses the mark even more.  Aside from the stupid premise that this album somehow has to do with some obsessive disenchantment over the U.S. 2000 election (get over it!), the songs just don't measure up overall.  There are a couple of good-approaching-great  tracks, but that's about all.  Whatever that stuff was that you guys were smoking when you did OK Computer - get some more of that....
0307120007|5.0|Our 2 year old daughter got this book when she was a few months old.  She immediately loved touching the bunny - and quickly learned to turn the pages - to look in the mirror with Judy.  By 7 months she was smelling the flowers, putting her finger in the ring and playing peek a boo with Paul.  At 9 months she would ask us to let her smell all the flowers in the garden and on the street.  She still loves the book and enjoys when we read it with her and her new baby brother (4 months old).
B00006LLNU|4.0|There are no words to describe this CD.  In fact, there are no words *on* this CD.  Anywhere.  Exept &quot;Sigur Ros&quot; on the cover and &quot;Sigur-Ros.com&quot; inside the cover.  As cute as this is, it really amounts to a cop-out.  Don't get me wrong.  The music on this CD is very moving - emotionally heart-wrenching stuff, and I absolutely love it. It's really fantastic.  But it begs - literally - for words.  Lyrics don't have to be too specific (see Yes) or meaningful in and of themselves (see hundreds of pop/rock records).  Nobody really has to know what the heck they mean (see &quot;Shock the Monkey&quot;), because they'll read their own meanings into them anyway.  The words just need to be there to give the listener something to hang his/her hat on.  Just like the music itself, words give the listener a clue as to the emotional intentions of the artist.  As incredible as this music is, it comes off as incomplete without words - any words - coming out of the singer's mouth.  Having written songs myself, I know how hard it is to craft the right words for the music.  But Sigur Ros seems to want to occupy the nether-world between instrumentals and actual songs and it comes off as abdication.  Gentlemen, choose.
B000001ELP|5.0|first off ,let me say that i'm not a kiss fan at all,but this album is great.my best friend is a kiss fanatic and she played me the elder one day,the first track she played was under the rose  and i was blown away,it sounded like nothing else i ever heard.this album has a bit of everything from the headbanging metal of the oath,the beautiful sounding just a boy to the great instrumental escape from the island.every song on this album is great with only mr.blackwell being the exception .i recommend this album to everyone.
B0000399WI|4.0|Falsely given a life sentence for the murder of his wife, bank manager Andy DuFresne (Tim Robbins) befriends fellow lifer Red Redding (Morgan Freeman) and astounds his fellow inmates with his resilency and sense of self-worth.  His financial skills also make him useful to the prison staff; soon he is acting as a financial advisor to the guards and helping the warden keep track of his illicit gains.    The film unfolds at a leisurely pace, as befits a story about men who are serving life sentences.  Director/screenwriter Frank Darabont does a good job of presenting the monotony of prison life without allowing the film itself to become boring by punctuating the story with little emotional payoffs along the way.  Although many of these payoffs are rather conventional movie feel-good moments, I still appreciated the fine work done by the cast and the satisfying albeit predictable conclusion./
B000007NZ5|5.0|for all of you people that said black sabbath died when ozzy left,then it's obvious you have never listened to headless cross.as a die hard sabbath fan ,i truly think this is by far thier greatist album.there's not one bad song on this album.every song kicks a..,tony martin vocals are great.he picks up where he left off on sabbath's last album before this,eternal idol,which is also a great album.iommi's riffs are deadly on this album on tracks like headless cross,black moon and when death calls.cozy powell[R.I.P.] also makes his first apperance with sabbath on this cd.he 's drum intro on the headless cross track is excellent.this is a must have for any die hard sabbath fan or fans of metal in general.
B00006879E|5.0|I was fortunate enough to see maroon five in concert. THey opened for john meyer and they were amazing. Adam Lavine, the lead singer has a voice that makes you want to stand up and breath and sit down and listen all at the same time. I definatly recomend this group and if you can, see them in concert- they rock!
B000002KHH|3.0|i'm a die hard sabbath fan,but i have yet know why this album is considered the most popular album of sabbath.for me this ranks as sabbaths worst ozzy era album and third worst sabbath album of all time  after seventh star and cross purposes.there's only 4 good songs on this album,they being paranoid,planet caravan,iron man and electric funeral with rat salad also being a decent instrumental track with some cool drumming by bill ward.war pigs is proberly the most overrated metal song of all time.for new comers to sabbath certainly the ozzy sabbath years i recommend you check out volume 4,master of reality and sabotage before you buy paranoid.
B0000027D5|4.0|Here we have an awesome 2 disc set of some of the most psychedllic-groovin, hip-happenin moovin', conga shaking, guitar wailing, sonic funk producing, controlled substance inducing music I've heard in a while.  This set was taken from a tour of Japan in 74 and I guess was impossible to get before it came in 91'.  This ain't your standard Santana stuff.  The songs are long and involved with an acid/jazz meets Hendrix feel to them.  There are very few vocals and the songs are hard listens at first until you get used to them.  Fans of radio Santana won't recognize much here as this is more of aband performance than any one individual.  Most of it is pretty out there and I loved it but you have to be in the mood.  It's not a &quot;lets put this on for 5 minutes&quot; type of CD.<br />Bottom Line:  Jazzy relentless onslaughts of trippy overdrive guitar and furious percusssion.  You know if you are the type of person who eats this stuff up!  Fans of &quot;Smooth&quot; need not apply.
B00008PW2D|3.0|Like most people here i have been a fan since they first began, but yes, the 5th season was not one of there best, but i can undertsand why, the writers on the show had most of the season writen out when both Sarah Jessica Parker and Cynthia Nixon annonced they were pregnent, so the cast had to take a 3 week break during filming so that the writers can re-write all the episodes, and because Sarah's belly was growing, the writers had to cut the season short. so they had to move through the story lines very fast and it was a mess.<br />Even though the 5th season was not all that great, it was a good chance to introduce new members to the cast.  The Sixth season has began, they are now on the forth episode and they are great, I do feel they are going to go out with a bang this final season.
0767827015|1.0|This movie portrays all white people as being racist and totally clueless of balck society. Like all John Singleton movies, as well as Spike Lee, whites are portrayed in a negative light. White people are the only group you can be prejudstice about without being labled racist. One line that bothered me was when the father says that white people put gun shops and liqour stores on every corner so black people will get drunk and kill each other. That is extremely way off base. The reason that these establisments are there is because people patronize them. If you do not want these businesses in your neighborhood do not shop there period. Organize you community to have them removed. I would like to see John Singleton and Spike Lee make a movie in which whites and blacks are working together to make a better society.
B00008PX8P|5.0|Customer reviews are generally written by the diehard fans.  I can't claim to be any different when it comes to Led Zeppelin.  Still, the music on this DVD is astounding.  Plenty has been written about the pain staking efforts that were put into producing the DVD -- especially in restoring the pictures and sound -- and it shows.  This DVD succeeds on many levels, but none more than as a direct, no frills concert film.  In that way, it is not too much different from the music.  Those who appreciate Led Zeppelin and the album-oriented blues-based rock of late 60's and 70's will find a lot to like about this.  Those thinking it might be intersting to get this because of that little snipet of a Led Zeppelin tune on a car commerical will probably be disappointed.  This is the antithesis of the 3-minute pop tune.
B00005R62K|5.0|This is the album that set the stage for speed metal/thrash in the 80s, and defined the NWOBHM(new wave of British heavy metal) sound almost 2 years before NWOBHM bands started to be noticed in the public eye in 80. Stained Class was miles apart from other major label hard rock bands at the time. At a time when arena rock was king of the rock charts with bands like Foreigner ,Boston and Heart that had more pomp than power, more progressive than heavy, more pop than rock, Judas Priest came out with Stained Class that dramatically set it apart from the arena rock bands, not to mention the Disco that dominated the industry at the time. Another big leap forward for Stained Class is that Judas Priest with this album was really the first metal band to fully ditch the psycadellic and blues roots that gave birth to metal 10 years before.<br />  If Stained Class has any drawback, it is its thin, Bad Companyish style production that saps some of the power these songs have, but its a minor drawback.
B00005JL3A|4.0|'Resident Evil' is amongst the two best Sci-Fi/Horror movies I've watched. (The other being 'Event Horizon' also directed by Paul W.S. Anderson)<br />The story is true to the game; a deadly virus has escaped in a secret facility called \\"The Hive\\", deep underneath Racoon City. The computer controlling the facility goes berserk, killing (?) everything & everyone in the facility.<br />An elite military team is sent out to investigate, and thats where the movie begins, accompanied by some awesome Marilyn Manson music. And there is barely a pause, until the great ending.<br />The only reason for the 4 stars is that the movie is not scary enough. The zombies just don't scare you.<br />But, Milla Jovovich, in a red mini-dress throughout the  movie, is stunning; she is great in the action scenes, and so is Michelle Rodriguez as Rain.
6301661737|4.0|Not as mind-blowing as a few other of Akira Kurosawa's films, 'Kagemusha' is still awesome in its vision and scope.  Very few directors have or had the creativity of this man.  Although all of his movies are about the same subject matter, he finds a way to be different each time.  The opening sequence is actually the best part of the movie.  Watch carefully, it is all done in one shot!!  The final scene is pretty dramatic too when Kagemusha is left all alone and has to face another army all by himself.
B0000562RG|5.0|Midnight's soaring vocals and Jon Drenning's blazing leads make this album an instant classic. Crimson Glory set all of the standards with this groundbreaking release. Don't expect to hear musicianship like this in today's hopeless atmosphere of grunge, alternative, and RB garbage. Crimson Glory was everything that most so-called &quot;bands&quot; of today are not. Shifting time signatures, inventive melodies, fiery lead runs, vocals that fly into the stratosphere... it's all here.
0385504209|2.0|First, the good things about this book: it's fast paced and well written. The mystery elements are engaging.<br />For Christian readers-- or even non-Christians who prefer an honest intellectual debate-- the enjoyment of these assets may be forestalled by strong negative stereotyping of both the Christian characters and the faith. The main Christian characters are, in order of appearance:<br />- A murderous thug (page 1)<br />- A shadowy power-broker, akin to the X-Files \\"Cigarette Man\\" (page 12)<br />- An honest but merciless police captain, like Javert in Les Mis (page 20)<br />- A wealthy and unscrupulous bishop, motivated by power (page 28)<br />It is the non-Christian characters (several of whom are goddess-worship afficionados) who exhibit the intelligence, resoursefulness, and daring to discover the truth despite the suppressive efforts and persecution of the aforementioned Christians.<br />The faith itself also comes under direct attact at times, most prominently in a lengthy section from pages 230-250. The discussion draws heavily on teachings of the Jesus Seminar. Many of the more controversial statements are presented, not as attributed theories with supporting evidence, but as prima facie historical facts. Some exerpts:<br />- \\"The Bible is a product of man, my dear. Not of God.\\" (page 231)<br />- \\"Nothing in Christianity is original.\\" (page 232)<br />- \\"It was all about power... the early Church literally stole Jesus from His original followers, hijacking His human message, shrouding it in an impenetrable cloak of divinity.\\" (page 233)<br />- \\"Almost everything our fathers taught us about Christ is false.\\" (page 235)<br />- \\"Behold... the greatest cover-up in human history. Not only was Jesus Christ married, but he was a father. My dear, Mary Magdalene was the Holy Vessel.\\" (page 249)<br />For those who hold the Church as an organ primarily of power, violence and deceipt, this book with make comfortable reading, in the vein of Umberto Eco's \\"The Name of the Rose\\". For the rest of us, the central ideas fit uncomfortably into a novel; space requires they be simply layed out as exposition, without evidence or discussion. Especially for the Christian, it makes the book a frustrating experience.the rest of us, the central ideas fit uncomfortably into a novel; space requires they be simply layed out as exposition, without evidence or discussion. Especially for the Christian, it makes the book a frustrating experience.
0609610570|5.0|This book describe a necessary leadership behavior in the Execution paradigm -- Insist on realism. As thinking is the basis of action, this concept requires more exploration and explanation. Prior to the introduction of Optimal Thinking into the corporate world, the pervasive motto was Think Positive. Optimism promotes persistence, but it is a poor strategy when the cost of failure or probability of failure are high. With the current integration of Optimal Thinking into leading corporations, the transformation from AnyCorp (consisting of any thinkers) to Opticorp (consisting of Optimal Thinkers) empowers the corporate culture to practice optimal realism. Optimal Thinkers accept what is out of their control, and optimize what is within their control. Using Optimal Thinking to ask questions like, What is within my/our control here? What are my/our options here? What is the worst event scenario? What is our optimal contingency plan? What is in our best interest? What is our highest priority? What are the best actions we can take to achieve it? What is the best thing you/we can do under the circumstances? empowers us to set clear priorities, and take the most constructive actions to follow through -- essential for optimal leadership and optimized execution. Execution-driven leaders who thrive on accountability and reward performance, must select the right people for the right jobs. This is achieved with Optimal Thinking. Read these two books, get your key people to read them too, and you will OPTIMIZE productivity.
B00005JKN9|1.0|After sitting through 2 disc's waiting for something good to happen...<br />I'm still waiting.
B00004RF9B|3.0|I love this movie.  It's classic science-fiction.  But the DVD transfer leaves some to be desired.  The picture often has bits of fuzz and other debris that you just wouldn't expect with a DVD.
B00000K2SC|3.0|One of the reasons given for the war against &quot;the agents&quot; and their matrix, is the survival of &quot;Zion&quot;.  But Zion appears to be nothing more than a dark and filthy hole in the Earth-- definitely not worth fighting for.  An interesting film with dazzling special effects, though.
B00005JM09|5.0|That's what Arnold said about T3. Mostow took over with his main goal to make a movie that fans and himself would want to see. Cameron was asked to direct but he turned it down. While T3 does seem short, T1 runs about the same time also. The action did not seem overlong and drawn out. That was Reloaded. I wanted the action in T3 to go on and on. It was that good.<br />Spoilers: I'd have to agree there were weak spots. A molecular neural net microprocessor as mentioned in T1 and T2 seems much more plausible in the creation of Skynet rather than an \\"advanced\\" software AI-virus taking over military computers and the Internet. Killing off Conner's lieutenants by T-X doesn't seem to fit with the ending of the movie where predestination happens anyways.<br />Overall it's a great film. Doesn\\"t quite match up to T2, but it's very close coming from a different director. Arnold returns in complete form in his best role and adds more to it making his character more mysterious than the T-101 in T2. Conner's last words with the terminator made it seem more like an ally and friend rather than the dumbed down father and Shane-like figure to teen Conner in T2. Conner's story though is the one we've waited to see all these years and Stahl does an excellent job showing how he grapples with his destiny.
B000066C6Z|4.0|This film is from the same wackos who gave us Airplane, Police Academy, and Naked Gun. If you've seen even just one of these, you pretty much know what to expect from this one. Except for one thing: for sheer mindless fun, Top Secret tops them all.<br />The movie stars a young (and apparently not very role-choosy) Val Kilmer as a teen rock n' roll idol who goes on a road tour in East Germany, where he meets and falls in love with Hilary (Lucy Gutteridge), who enlists his aid to rescue her scientist father.<br />But really, who cares about the plot? Watch this show for the deliciously insane gags. I won't even mention a single one of them, because they have to be seen to be believed.<br />Sure, the humor is unsophisticated. Even dumb. But that's the point. We all have to treat ourselves to this sort of lunacy now and then. And I'd have to say that Top Secret is the best way to do just that.
B00008OWZC|5.0|2003 is, in my opinion, quite a year for live albums- Sammy Hagar, The Who, Kiss, and new live albums from Tom Petty and Bob Seger coming out later this year- and this live set from Led Zeppelin is no exception. I have heard many of these on my local classic rock station, but not this good. As far as my ears can tell Zep were a better live band than a studio band. Every instrument is given a workout- Plant improvising on Sice I've Been Loving You, Page's countless guitar solos, John Paul Jones' bass solos, and Bonham's 18 minute drum solo on Moby Dick. If you love rock or music go to the store and buy this NOW.
B00008MZ0N|4.0|Released in 2001, The Fast and The Furious introduced us to the world of down-and-dirty street racing, with Vin Diesel and Paul Walker in the starring roles.<br />The movie was a natural hit, with its buff guys, well-rounded women, fast cars and wild life. This isn't a movie about deep meanings and complex plots. It's a simple cop-infiltrates-gang, cop-falls-for-girl story that is pumping full of adrenaline and excitement. <br />The movie does give a hard-edged view into life on the edge - the extras and cars in many scenes are real street racers who bring a realism into what they do. The characters don't have backgrounds, they don't have goals, and they don't have heroes to look up to. All they have is their gang, their immediate release in the rush of speed.<br />As a woman who likes sportscars, I did actually enjoy much of this, and was very happy to see that there was a female mechanic on the team that was just as trusted as the rest of the guys. Only a few years ago, the girls would all be jumping on the sidelines while the guys did the driving. But this film lets a female driver blow away a male racer, and includes women who can stand on their own. Kudos for that!<br />A fun, escapist fantasy to blow through a rainy evening with.
B00008PW3Q|5.0|Fleetwood Mac's first studio album with Lindsey Buckingham since 1987 and first with Stevie Nicks since 1990, was well worth the wait. Stevie and Lindsey both still are in fine voice and their songwriting is great. Lindsey's guitar skills have improved and of course, what can you say about Mick & John. Watch out for a few Grammy's for this album.
B00005Y7GQ|4.0|It is the weirdest movie I have every seen! It is in Chinese so you need the subtitles but it doesn't matter. The story revolves around a group of super heroes with various different powers (iron fist, iron leg etc.). They decide to create a soccer team and use there powers to help. <BR>The soccer matches all decend in martial arts battles for seemingly no reason.<BR>This film is such a laugh, it's great!
B000002UA5|5.0|This album is goofy and scary at the same time. But I LOVE IT
B000002KHY|5.0|As a North Carolina Tarheel, I feel a special affinity for James Taylor and his music.  When my entire freshman class in Chapel Hill was assembled on my first day of college, the program opened with a rendition of Carolina in My Mind.  It's a great song, no matter where you live or what college you support, but I always feel a little special tingle every time I hear that song.  Of course, this is just one of many great songs James Taylor has given us over the years, and 12 of his all-time best are collected here on this stand-out Greatest Hits collection.  Some songs should be widely familiar by name: the classic Fire and Rain, Taylor's cover of How Sweet It Is (To Be Loved By You), and of course the moving, inspirational, and timeless You've Got a Friend.  The other songs were ones I was not as familiar with, yet it only took one hearing to make them all feel like old favorites if not old friends.  Steamroller, I should mention, is an unusually forceful live recording that does contain one rather unexpected swear word in the moment of its highest energy, but in this day and age that one familiar word injected into such an amazing performance is, in my opinion, of very little import.<br />Something in the Way She Moves, Country Road, Walking Man, Mexico, and the somewhat sappy Shower the People are all wonderful songs sung in that unique manner and style of this most distinctive of singers.  Taylor's voice sort of washes over you, instantly putting your mind and soul in a more peaceful state; his voice is in fact almost hypnotic, in my opinion.  No matter how bad a day you may be having, I do not think it is possible to listen to James Taylor and then walk away in a bad mood.  There are some all-important and beautiful things in the world, many of them amazingly simple, and a subtle yet powerful type of optimistic joy for these simple things in life is poignantly reflected in Taylor's songs.  This goes a long way toward explaining Taylor's popularity over the years with listeners of all ages; his songs as well as the messages contained within them are timeless.s with listeners of all ages; his songs as well as the messages contained within them are timeless.
B00003CX9E|3.0|Everyone says it's the greatest movie ever made, so it must be true. Everyone says it's the greatest movie ever made, so it must be true. Everyone says it's the greatest movie ever made, so it must be true. I'm starting to convince myself.
0141180870|4.0|Anthony Patch, undeserving heir to a multi-million dollar estate, grows increasingly annoying, petty, and selfish as this novel progresses. He is an admirable college student as the novel begins, seemingly trying to 'find himself' and live up to his grandfather's expectations. But as his financial security destabilizes, so does his moral character. It's an interesting progression, all the more fascinating because it gives us working class types an opportunity to despise the filthy rich. There are definitely some slow moments in the novel, alot of forced philosophical musings, but the prose and the soap-opera like ending make it worthwhile.
B00008K7AN|1.0|I kinda regretted ever seeing this film. It's both good and bad.  First the bad review part - this film is so stupid offensive and insulting and as bad as Sixteen Candles and First Wives Club. This film is a First Wives Club Meets Sixteen Candles Meets New Guy Meets all movies with body switch theme (Vice Versa, Freaky Friday, etc.). I am digusted with the racism against asians, hispanics, and jewish with the stupid racial stereotypes in this film - it's sixteen Candles all over again with the stupid offensive and not funny either character and portrayal of korean student Long Duck Dong in Sixteen Candles and now in this film - it's a black girl's Korean mother. Then while there was seemingly way much of gay guy theme and very very little of the gay other gender theme it all only seems that way but no one is really gay - either gender. Rob fails to portray a character someone thinks is gay because it's the school snob in his body and rob fails as a girl trapped in a man's body due to a curse. If you ever seen Family Matters and know who Steve Urkel is think of Rob actually acting Urkel - ish because that's how it is in this movie - he doesn't really act like a girl (inside a 40 year old man) and not even a man who acts gay because it's really a girl's spirit inside the man's body. He just acts like Steve Urkel. Okay the script was stupid...and weak. It did have a few funny moments but Adam's cameo was annoying in the part where he kept mentioning places to hide weed. He did good in the rest of the cameos he did in this film. The other problems with this film is that many of the actors can't even act. The only good actors/actresses there didn't get enough airtime and I'm talking about the Mowry twins and Samia Doumit who plays Eden in the film. Rob was ok - sort of. The kid brother of the girl Rob's character Clive switched body with - is shown to probably be gay because he dresses in drag. This was stupid and didn't do well for the film. One other last problem is the stupid song that's sung by the two girls about boys - and it's bad stuff about boys. It's as bad as First Wives Club. The biggest mistake of making Hot Chick was to draw stupid, disgusting, and offensive parts from Sixteen Candles, New Guy, First Wives Club, and the body switch theme that has been done to death and make it into Hot Chick. The only things good though is the themes of True Love, Loyalty, Friendship, Enjoying Life, fighting for your marriage, and not taking things for granted. If all these problems have been fixed, and done diffrently, then it would've been a good teen flix but basically it mostly [was bad] and not really worth the time and money.
B000060P79|5.0|I'm 29 years old and I LOVE this album. I see some people here saying this is not &quot;punk&quot;... Who cares? What is punk anyway? Who's to say this isn't punk?<br />What I hear is an album that I can listen to 5 times in a row and not get bored. Great songwriting, good riffin' and good, fun-lovin' rock'n'roll! I bought this album together with AC/DCs Back in Black CD (remastered version) and it's essentially the same music. Loud guitars, three chords and rumpa-rumpa.<br />Five stars. Hope these guys stick around for a while.<br />Kudos!
B000069HK2|5.0|My brother brought the cd home and popped it into his stereo. I had never heard the used before.  He played &quot;the taste of ink&quot; and I knew that I had to have this cd.  I don't normally like this type of music because of the screaming, but it adds to the affect of the emotion that bert is trying to get through. They are up there with Thursday thank you very much! noteworthy tracks are all of them.
B00005JM09|4.0|If you have a problem with this \\"third installment\\", then get over it. I couldn't have done a better job with this movie, and I am not really an action fan! Oh well, personally I may give this movie five stars just because it was so much fun. I can't remember the last time I enjoyed myself more at the movies. James Bond's action scenes can't, well, begin to compare. Schwarzenegger is terrific, and Loken adds some well needed eye candy for guys sick of the pure testosterone in the last two. So much action I can't describe it, but you'll have fun garaunteed. I couldn't see why more people didn't want to go watch it again, because I want to! It moves so fast the first time! This is a great movie for the franchise, and it does justice to it as well, because it is great fun for kids and just plain exciting for adults. This is the kind of science fiction I (need) and want to see (let's hope Mostow makes more); but what can you say about that ending? Either way, it is hard to say you don't like it. Rated R (unfairly?) for nonstop action violence and excitement, and language.
B000002UJQ|5.0|wow         just               wow. OK Computer is liteally my most favorite album of all time. Nothing has ever captured my emotions as effectively as this album. This extacy. This bible. I was inspired a lot by the last track, &quot;The Tourist&quot;. It tells about slowing down in life and taking your time. I wish I could give this album 1,000,000,000 stars. Or maybe as many stars as there are in the sky. I don't know. Nothing can discribe my feelings about OK Computer. I am incredibly angry at those who dropped this album rating to 4.5 stars. The ones who said it'd be better to listen to Duran Duran. Why do they even buy the album and bother listening to it? Why don't they listen to their own Britney Spears and Aviril Levine music???
6303823351|5.0|Well, it may not be a film you would give five stars, but the fact is you can't beat the Beatles. No pun intended really. This crazy plot, about Ringo getting chased by nutty mystics, is really an excuse for humor and pot-smoking (but you won't see that any where except on the cutting room floor). Great songs, hilarious situations, I mean hey it's The Beatles. You can't complain, so just enjoy the fun. I did!
B000070WJE|5.0|First of all I'm not a very big fan of Robbie, or it'd be more proper I said I wasn't because this album made me one of his. I was pretty suprised when I listened to Escapology not only because of the level of the music / at last he's got normal backup musicians / but it seems to me that he's finally learnt to sing.<br />1. How peculiar 4/5 - Pretty good song with funny lyrics and wierd sound effects<BR>2. Feel 5/5 - The 1st single with awesome lyrics and slow passionate rhythm<BR>3. Something beautiful 5/5 - The 3rd single with fantastic light tempo and lyrics which will definitely cheer you up<BR>4. Monsoon 4.5/5 - At first I couldn't get it but then I understood what it's all about... contains a part where he starts embarassing the grouppies.<BR>5. Sexed up 5/5 - My second favourite song, reminds me with one of my previous relationships<BR>6. Love somebody 5/5 - It gives me a feeling as if it was a remake but it can't be; quite good song wherein Robbie shows us what he's got / I mean his vocals :-) /<BR>7. Revolution 4/5 - I haven't listened too much to this one, but the one who sings it with has a cool voice<BR>8. Handsome man 6/5 - My absolute favourite not only beacuse it's perfectly done musically but as if this one had been written about my best friend.<BR>9. Come Undone 5/5 - The remake of Duran-Duran's original though Robbie's better; oh, it's the 2nd single<BR>10. Me and my monkey 4.5/5 -  A fantastic song with very alternative lyrics though it becomes a lil' boring after 5 minutes<BR>11. Song 4/5 - I don't know much about it...it must be good<BR>12. Hot fudge 5/5 - I love this one!!! Has the tempo, the lyrics and EVERYTHING!<BR>13. Cursed 4.5/5 - An okhay song with good backup<BR>14. Nan's song 4/5 - Too short however it has very meaningful lyrics<br />I hope I helped you!
B00006JJ1O|1.0|This is the latest twist in a failing music world, if you can call making two teenagers sing as a lesbian act and be managed by nothing short of a paedophile music, then i have nothing more to say, the quality of music continues to decline, teeny boppers and people who bought this CD and their singles thank you very much for supporting this dire enterprise, the sooner they are gone, the better! Listen to the real musicians with talent, i have more respect for Christina Aguilera than this 'act', and that's saying a lot! Hey how about i go find two of my girl friends and tell them to kiss and sing, gee i'd have a lesbian music act, no talent, just rubbish!
B00006DEF9|5.0|For reasons too numerous to mention, this is my favorite musical comedy. Miraculously, it seems fresher and more entertaining each time I see it. Over time, it has developed what I guess could be called a cult following and then as it began to appear on television, in HVS and then in DVD formats, it was widely recognized as a great film. Indeed, it is ranked #10 among 100 on the list of the American Film Institute's \\"America's Greatest Movies.\\" Only rarely has \\"Hollywood\\" felt secure enough to make fun of itself; especially to spoof its own difficult transition from silent to \\"talking\\" films. That is precisely what this film does with exceptional style, grace, wit, and energy.<br />Don Lockwood (Gene Kelly) and Lina Lamont (Jean Hagen) are matinee idols who appear in silent films produced by a studio headed by R.F. Simpson (Millard Mitchell). I think Hagen's hilarious portrayal of her is the equal of Judy Holliday's best work.  Here in Texas, we would say that Lina is dumber than 100 chickens. Lockwood endures her in public while doing all he can to avoid her in private. Unexpectedly, he meets and falls in love with an aspiring young singer and dancer, Kathy Selden (Debbie Reynolds). Kathy eventually provides the voice Lina needs when appearing in sound movies. Don's best friend, Cosmo Brown (Donald O'Connor), is involved in all this delightful silliness, at one point providing a brilliant solo performance of \\"Make `Em Laugh.\\" This film is much too good-natured to be considered satire. There isn't a mean bone in the body of the film. Each member of the supporting cast is superb, notably Mitchell and Douglas Fowley as Roscoe Dexter, director of the Lockwood-Lamont films. Stanley Donen and Kelly are identified as co-directors. Betty Compden and Adolph Green co-wrote the sparkling script and also contributed songs to the musical score as did Fred Brown, Roger Edens, Nacio Herb Brown, and Hoffman. I cannot think of another film which combines both music and comedy as effectively. An American in Paris and Chicago are also among my favorites but neither is as cohesive (I am tempted to say seamless) as is this glorious entertainment. You can thus understand why I am so pleased that the \\"Special Edition\\" has such a wealth of supplementary materials such as a Commentary in which Reynolds, O'Connor, Cyd Charisse, Kathleen Freeman, Donen, Comden and Green, filmmaker Baz Luhrmann, and author/film historian Rudy Behlmer participate; \\"What a Glorious Feeling&quot;: a new 30-minute documentary about the making and impact of Singin' in the Rain: and \\"Musicals Great Musicals: The Arthur Freed Unit at MGM,\\" a 96-minute documentary about the career of producer-songwriter Arthur Freed. Treasures all!<br />For whatever reasons, Singin' in the Rain was nominated for only two Academy Awards and received neither. That's ridiculous. I wish it had been possible for this cast and crew to do another musical comedy together, this time focusing on the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. In that event, who would have been cryin' in the rain?ffectively. An American in Paris and Chicago are also among my favorites but neither is as cohesive (I am tempted to say seamless) as is this glorious entertainment. You can thus understand why I am so pleased that the \\"Special Edition\\" has such a wealth of supplementary materials such as a Commentary in which Reynolds, O'Connor, Cyd Charisse, Kathleen Freeman, Donen, Comden and Green, filmmaker Baz Luhrmann, and author/film historian Rudy Behlmer participate; \\"What a Glorious Feeling&quot;: a new 30-minute documentary about the making and impact of Singin' in the Rain: and \\"Musicals Great Musicals: The Arthur Freed Unit at MGM,\\" a 96-minute documentary about the career of producer-songwriter Arthur Freed. Treasures all! <br />For whatever reasons, Singin' in the Rain was nominated for only two Academy Awards and received neither. That's ridiculous. I wish it had been possible for this cast and crew to do another musical comedy together, this time focusing on the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. In that event, who would have been cryin' in the rain?
B00008NRI8|4.0|We are still quoting jokes from the movie and will be for a long time to come.  Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant have such a great chemistry that you can sense the attraction between their characters without the movie being degraded by bedroom scenes.  Their reactions to each other (eye contact, etc.) makes their romance very entertaining.  I thought the script was well-written.  The movie is artistic, especially how some themes are followed through - the Chinese take-out, the ideals of a cause and personal goals.
B00005QCVY|5.0|It was produced and directed by Frank Capra who collaborated with Frances Goodrich, Albert Hackett, and Jo Swerling on the screenplay. Nominated for five Academy Awards (including Best Picture) it won none. Over the years, however, it developed a loyal following, largely comprised of those who appreciate Capra's films. Only in recent years has it received the recognition and praise it deserves. How to describe this film? It focuses on a thoroughly decent man named George Bailey (James Stewart) who, after being financially ruined by his evil rival Mr. Potter (Lionel Barrymore), becomes despondent and attempts to commit suicide on Christmas Eve. George is rescued by his guardian angel, Clarence Oddbody (Henry Travers), and permitted to learn what would have happened if he (George) had never been born. Only then does George fully appreciate how precious life is. Of course, the film has a happy ending.<br />Many people think this is a corny film but I do not. As in other films (notably in Meet John Doe), Capra celebrates certain basic values which guided and informed George throughout much of his life. When facing financial disaster which involves not only him and his family but countless others who entrusted to him their limited funds...and their own dreams for a wonderful life, George temporarily loses his faith in those values and his will to live without them. He regains his appreciation of life only after a near-death experience and a realization of how important his life had been to others. I am reminded of the situation in Thornton Wilder's Our Town when Emily Webb fully appreciates only in death what she had not previously while alive in a town very much like Bedford Falls..<br />It is noteworthy that Leo McCarey, a contemporary of Capra's, affirms many of the same values in films he directed such as Going My Way and The Bells of St. Mary's. When It's a Wonderful Life appeared in 1946, the World War II had only recently ended. Moreover, only 17 had years had passed since the stock market crash. Several contemporary accounts of American society during the mid-1940s note an excitement about opportunities which had been denied by the Great Depression and then delayed by the recent war. An entrepreneur, George Bailey's dream is to enable as many people as possible in Bedford Falls to own their own home. The film traces his efforts to make that dream a reality while he also marries Mary Hatch and they start a family. Yes, George is idealistic and somewhat naive but has business acumen. Regrettably, he is vulnerable to....<br />I am among those who cherish this movie and the values which it affirms. I am especially grateful for the documentaries, &quot;The Making of It's a Wonderful Life&quot; and the special tribute to Frank Capra, &quot;A Personal Remembrance&quot; from &quot;Frank Capra Jr.,&quot; which accompany it in its DVD format. Until recent years, seeing it again was among the highlights of my holiday season. What happened? By way of concluding this brief commentary, I presume to suggest that those who allowed this film to be overexposed on television every December should be strapped into their seats in a screening room, eyes held open with duct tape, and required to watch the following films (repeated over and over again) for 168 consecutive hours: Battlefield Earth, Barb Wire, Howard the Duck, It's Pat, Little Nicky, and Wild Wild West. I further suggest they be joined by those who have butchered directors' cuts such as Sergio Leone's of Once Upon a Time in America.ssed since the stock market crash. Several contemporary accounts of American society during the mid-1940s note an excitement about opportunities which had been denied by the Great Depression and then delayed by the recent war. An entrepreneur, George Bailey's dream is to enable as many people as possible in Bedford Falls to own their own home. The film traces his efforts to make that dream a reality while he also marries Mary Hatch and they start a family. Yes, George is idealistic and somewhat naive but has business acumen. Regrettably, he is vulnerable to....<br />I am among those who cherish this movie and the values which it affirms. I am especially grateful for the documentaries, &quot;The Making of It's a Wonderful Life&quot; and the special tribute to Frank Capra, &quot;A Personal Remembrance&quot; from &quot;Frank Capra Jr.,&quot; which accompany it in its DVD format. Until recent years, seeing it again was among the highlights of my holiday season. What happened? By way of concluding this brief commentary, I presume to suggest that those who allowed this film to be overexposed on television every December should be strapped into their seats in a screening room, eyes held open with duct tape, and required to watch the following films (repeated over and over again) for 168 consecutive hours: Battlefield Earth, Barb Wire, Howard the Duck, It's Pat, Little Nicky, and Wild Wild West. I further suggest they be joined by those who have butchered directors' cuts such as Sergio Leone's of Once Upon a Time in America.
0446310786|5.0|I can't believe that I never read this in high school. Then again, I don't think that the people in my Alabama hometown have changed their mind much about black people since the 1930s when this book was set. The parents of my classmates would have wanted to censor this book for its cuss words and references to sex. Small town Alabama has changed a lot since this book was written in many ways but not at all in others. To quote from the book: \\"You're not gonna change any of them by talkin' right, they've got to want to learn themselves, and when they don't want to learn there's nothing you can do but keep your mouth shut or talk their language.\\" My personal choice was to keep my mouth shut and to get out of there!<br />Harper Lee paints a portrait of small town Alabama with its varying social classes. Below even the class that lives on the outskirts of the city dump is the class of the black people in the town. To Kill A Mockingbird is a story told from the viewpoint of children who had not been tainted with this social phobia and who had learned from their father, Aticus, to view each of these groups equally. Still, their curiosity about these different groups lead them beyond their own imaginations into the real world as they encounter people from each of these social classes. They invite a boy home for lunch who has no lunch of his own, they visit a black church with their housekeeper when their father is away on business, and they try to make contact with the next door neighbor who hasn't been seen for 20 years.<br />Then the children are unexpectedly plunged into world of intolerance where the town's adults live when a black man is accused of a crime he didn't commit. Their father is appointed as the black man's lawyer and the children hide in the balcony to witness the trial first-hand. They are shocked and dismayed by the townspeople's inability to see past the man's skin color to aquit him for his alleged crime. In response to the children's reaction, their black housekeeper says, \\"They've done it before and they'll do it again and when they do it -- seems that only the children weep.\\" How amazingly profound!<br />What a wonderful book!lack housekeeper says, \\"They've done it before and they'll do it again and when they do it -- seems that only the children weep.\\" How amazingly profound!<br />What a wonderful book!
B0000019HU|5.0|This is wonderful, everything that great music should be. Intricately composed songs that arent written as an intellectual exercise like a lot of math rock out there (by the way, i wouldn't consider this to be math rock), but are written for their incredible beauty and sadness and for the emotions they evoke. Slint has mastered a style of contrast between the depressing slow and melodic passages, and the mind numbingly harsh buzz of louder parts. Amazingly they manage to make their songs flow flawlessly throughout this entire album, so when the loud sections come you aren't thinking about how it's so much louder than before; the cd keeps you listening to what is going on at the moment. The extreme dynamics and repetitiousness of the guitars are carried out brilliantly, in a way that isn't the least bit annoying, and that adds to the overall mood of the album. The vocals (sing/speak) and drumming are just as incredible as the guitar parts, and all of the instruments go together perfectly. Spiderland was and is a hugely influential album in the rock world, though I really could care less about its historical significance because you don't need to keep it in mind to appreciate the music. Listen to Spiderland when you're depressed, and give it time to sink in and become a part of you.
B000089RVX|5.0|Evanescence is a powerful group. I 've never heard a vocals like that before. Really cool Gothic sound. A must for Fans
B00008A7HZ|5.0|Firstly, this album comes in the prettiest case i've ever seen with a notepad and bonus dvd.<BR>The songs are amazing, The lyrics are powerful and Delta's vocal's are stunning. This is the best record i have ever had the pleasure of listening to and it was worth every cent!
B000068IEU|4.0|Wes Craven and Sean S. Cunningham (as well as Steve Miner who had a small part in making the film) essentially started their careers with this bit of 70's trash. I'll be honest the film itself, viewed in modern times, without the filmmakers' commentary to explain the films many flaws, is nearly unwatchable. Its cruelly violent. Its disturbing in a bad way. And most of all its just not an interesting story... But... If you do watch the commentary and you do watch the making of featurette, you are in for a major treat. Budding filmmakers like myself will be extatic to hear stories of how two ledgendary directors (Craven of Nightmare on Elm Street fame, and Cunningham of the original Friday the 13th) got their start in the industry. Its just a lot of fun hearing the horror stories behind this terrible movie and how they made it work. They must have done something right because thirty years later people are still watching it for the first time.
0440237688|4.0|Jonas started off as being an eleven year old boy in a community where there are no colours, feelings or thoughts about sexuality. Jonas is nervous about the Ceremony, where he will become a Twelve, and, consequently, be assigned the role he will play in his community. Jonas does not know what he will be chosen to do. Will the Chief Elder make him become a Recreation Director or maybe a Nurturer, like his father? However, he is suddenly assigned the role of Receiver of Memory. The present Receiver of Memory, called The Giver, is getting old and it is his duty to transmit all of his memories of the past to the new Receiver before The Giver is released. <br />Through the lessons of The Giver, Jonas learns about warmth, tranquility, serenity and love. However, The Giver must also give Jonas memories of hunger, loneliness, war and death. After a startling discovery about what happens to the old and sickly newborns, Jonas prepares a plan with The Giver. But when Jonas's plan suddenly burns to ashes, he spontaneously decides to take matters into his own hands. What he does and his journey after his decision will surely startle readers' tremondously. The incertain future of Jonas will make readers' like me wonder whether there will actually be a light at the end of the tunnel for Jonas and whether Jonas's community will finally change and let people have their own feelings.<br />The Giver is a beautiful story filled with morals that will make humans understand that pain is sometimes necessary in order for us to enjoy the happiness that comes afterwards.
B00005JKN9|4.0|I must admit, I was impressed. I did not expect for this film to keep my attention, but to my suprise I found myself captivated by it. Daniel Day Lewis is a great actor, and I must give Leonardo DeCrapio some credit for turning in a solid performance. Cameron Diaz is always good, even in lousy movies. It is this acting that kept me involved throughout. Daniel Day Lewis stole the show, an extremely convincing villain for which I found myself wanting his death in almost every scene.<br /><br />But with every movie, there were some downfalls. The name of the gang for example, the Dead Rabbits? It may have been based on actual facts, but it was still lame. The catwoman in the opening fight scene is a bit out there too. And why DeCrapio was left alive at one point, I fail to understand. He should have been killed as a small boy. But given enough time, I could find flaws with every movie if I wanted too and these details are too mundane to distort my overall views of this nearly 3 hour masterpiece...
0441009425|1.0|Had a lot of hope when I began to read this tome.. and tome it is... it just meanders on and on and nothing moves ahead... sluggish. I've only managed to get through the first 100 pages and when I put it down I was relieved... nothing has drawn me back to it since. Just didn't engage me for some reason...probaly because it's really a rather dull beginning... And (as other reviewers have stated) I'm sorry too because I really did want to like this book. It's just a big lump of something impenetrable... and so uncomfortable to hold it in your hands, it weighs a ton!!
B00005N5S5|5.0|State of the art, for 1984. A perfect role for the Schwarzenegger, an emotionless robot. Arnold has never been a good actor, and this movie was the perfect showcase for that ability. He didn't have to act, and he did a good job.<br />James Cameron turned in his usual well detailed showcase, the whole plot and storyline were fantastic. Michael Beihn and Linda Hamilton were the real actors of this film, and their performances were believable enough to carry the film, especially Hamilton's.
B00003CX8Y|5.0|I wanted to investigate this movie, first of all, because I simply heard somuch about this animated movie that had been nominated for an Oscar, and because I have a friend who has played the role of the Beast onstage.<br />What I like about the DVD was that it lets me experience the movie three ways.The first is the Special Edition which, if youre like me and never saw the original, makes you wonder whats so special about it. Enter the second option, the original movie! The last option, the replay of the Special Edition with narration throughout by the actual animators, was the most satisfying to me.These are two very engaging guys whose play-by-play of the production processes and the decisions they had to make allowed me to see the movie with a new appreciation of the work involved without runing the films magic. I thoroughly enjoyed this presentation, although I wished that they could have captioned the narration.<br />By the way, the closed captioning, as done by my TV set, was reasonably well done with few mistakes.Tip: if you have CC turned on, turn OFF the subtitles on your DVD player, else you get captions on top of captions. Messy.<br />As far as the movie itself, well. The story is everything, and its a wonderful story. The animation, keeping in mind that this was originally done before the age of Pixar, I found the backdrops absolutely stunning, especially the ballroom scenes. The colors were bright and vibrant even when seen on my 20&Oacute; JVC TV. Of course, there isnt the nearly three-dimensional quality of, say, a &Ograve;Snow White&Oacute;, but at least the characters didnt appear to have the stilted &Ograve;Clutch Cargo&Oacute; movements typically seen in animation produced in Korea. I could tell the animators knew a little something about human anatomy.<br />There are really good special effects scenes. Realistic rain scenes and lightning. Being a lover of stage production, the songs were tailor-made for Broadway and I understand  that it became one after the 1991 release.<br />Paige OHara has a wonderful voice, and Im going to seek out more of her recordings. She makes you forget that Belle is an animated character. Robbie Bensons Beast is so convincing, I wish they could have used him to be the adult Simba in &Ograve;The Lion King&Oacute; rather than Matthew Broderick. David Ogden Stiers, from &Ograve;M*A*S*H*&Oacute;, is Cogsworth the clock and also narrates the beginning and end &Ograve;stained glass&Oacute; pieces. JoAnn Worley from the old &Ograve;Laugh-In&Oacute; show was the armoire cabinet. I was impressed by the use of top-drawer, albeit relatively unknown talent.<br />In all, I found Beauty and the Beast&Oacute; a very well done movie. I wouldnt mind buying it. The Special Editions new scenes helped the story make more sense. The only thing I didnt enjoy was the hit song at the end of the movie, but I had that same reaction to the end of &Ograve;The Lion King&Oacute; as well.came one after the 1991 release.<br />Paige OHara has a wonderful voice, and Im going to seek out more of her recordings. She makes you forget that Belle is an animated character. Robbie Bensons Beast is so convincing, I wish they could have used him to be the adult Simba in &Ograve;The Lion King&Oacute; rather than Matthew Broderick. David Ogden Stiers, from &Ograve;M*A*S*H*&Oacute;, is Cogsworth the clock and also narrates the beginning and end &Ograve;stained glass&Oacute; pieces. JoAnn Worley from the old &Ograve;Laugh-In&Oacute; show was the armoire cabinet. I was impressed by the use of top-drawer, albeit relatively unknown talent.<br />In all, I found Beauty and the Beast&Oacute; a very well done movie. I wouldnt mind buying it. The Special Editions new scenes helped the story make more sense. The only thing I didnt enjoy was the hit song at the end of the movie, but I had that same reaction to the end of &Ograve;The Lion King&Oacute; as well.
