B0000AQS0F|5.0|I wsa extremely nervous when I opened up the little box this came in. Not because of packaging but I thought this was the several case boxset of the Firefly series. Nope! I must have misread the description but all the DVD's were in one case. Which is wonderful because it saves so much space. It's really convenient to have all the DVD's in one container. Perfect, I didn't even know that the product was packaged this way. I used to have the box set but lost it so I was pleasantly surprised to find this compact little case. Saves a otn of space for when I bring it back and forth from home to school. Not to mention it's the best series ever, if only it was continued!
B002KHMZVI|5.0|I bought this as a gift for a good friend who loves this book.  I re-read the book and have decided I would like this product as well.  My friend is very happy with the gift.  She has listened to the book several times since I gave it to her.  Thank you so much for the nice packaging and quick shipment.
B004G8QHKO|5.0|Love The Naked and Famous so I decided to buy it from Amazon. It came right on time and the CD works perfectly! Amazon is the Best!
B0038M2AZA|5.0|I've read a few of T. Grandin's books and I was really impressed at Clair Dane's portrayal of her.  In Temple's books she says that to take on new experiences she likens it to going through a new door.  In the movie, they symbolically show this.  I liked when Temple [Clair Danes] is trying to enter through an automatic door at a grocery store and a country gentle-woman helps her.  Temple is scared of the door and explains to  the woman that she's autistic and the woman says something to the effect that it's OK to be artistic.
0385534639|5.0|This is unlike any novel I've ever read.  And I mean that as a most sincere compliment.  The Night Circus is fantasy, but not really....... a period piece, but only barely.  It has magic, love, the complexity of relationships, and the burdens our parents put on us.  I loved it.  But I have to tell you, it was hard to read more than  10-15 page at a crack, because I would have to put it down and think for awhile.  It's not often that a novel elicits that kind of reaction from me, if it ever has.  The plot is a game of magic between Celia, an illusionist, and Marco, who defies description.  They are merely the avatars of Celia's father Hector and Marco's mentor Alexander, who have been playing this game for a long, long time and are not terribly free with telling their players what is going on.  There are no rules, and no apparent judges, and the 'action' centers around The Night Circus, open from dusk til dawn (no vampires like the movie though), a 'magical' circus that entrances its patrons and is held together by the combined abilities of Celia and Marco.  Theirs is not an antagonistic game, indeed at the start they aren't told who the opponent is.  Other characters include Poppet and Widget Murray, redhaired twins who have interesting abilities;  Chandresh, the father of the circus;  Friederick, clockmaker and circus follower;  Bailey a young man smitten, though he's not sure whether he's smitten more with a young lady or the circus itself.  Bailey is the most interesting of the supporting characters, and my one slight itch with the book is that sometimes his story was more interesting than Celia's and Marco's.  There are other important characters, as most everyone with more than two or three lines is important to the story, and the resolution.  With Harry Potter you rationally understand that that stuff just doesn't happen, just as being inside the Matrix is incredibly unlikely.  But Morgenstern, in her debut novel, manages to convince the reader that all of that might actually be happening.  I'm not sure how........but then again, that's the point isn't it?  In my literary universe, there is a pantheon of debut novels that stand out:  The Sunne in Splendour (Sharon Kay Penman), A Time to Kill (Grisham), MASH (Richard Hooker)......and The Night Circus takes its place there, if not right at the top.  Because none of those others, amazing as they are, made me think and feel like The Night Circus did.  Five Stars
0385535139|4.0|I liked this John Grisham novel so much more than the last two. Interesting characters, great plot and sub-plots that make for a fast read that begs for more about Zinc's next move.
B0060SQG9A|5.0|What a great record.  It's strange to say record, having not played an actual record since the mid-80's, but it's a lot more natural than saying \\"great download\\".  Like I said in the title, this might as well be the follow-up record to What's the Story Morning Glory.  It could also be titled \\"How Noel Gallagher Got His Mojo Back\\", but Noel probably wouldn't like that title.  He might chuckle at first, interviews show him with a snarky sense of humor about himself.  It's long been a frustration of a sizeable minority of Oasis followers that the wrong brother was singing the songs. It goes back to the MTV show where Liam 'called in sick' (but was shown drinking beer and heckling Noel from the balcony) and Noel had to sing the songs.  I had no idea the guy could sing that well, even if they were all his songs at that point.  When someone other than the singer writes the lyrics, you just assume that said lyrcist just isn't as good a singer (Rush, Keane, Alice In Chains).  Not here, and when Noel's songs, by his own admission, were lacking in quality in later years, Liam couldn't come close to saving them.  Eventually his singing turned me off Oasis entirely, and I'm proud to say I've never heard a Beady Eye song.  But Noel has now made an album that pretty much tops anything he did with Oasis.  Maybe not having to babysit Liam really did take the shackles off his mojo.  The Death of You and Me is the best track, with a hook and overall music vibe that's the best thing he's ever written electronically (the acoustic version of Wonderwall is his best song, in my mind), with If I Had a Gun not that far behind.  The entire thing sounds like someone who is free to do what he wants, and no matter what his protestations are, The Death of You and Me sounds like a big middle finger to Liam......who of course disdains this album.  More reason to buy it, if you ask me.  Also, there's not a clunker in the bunch, which cannot be discounted.  Terrfic album, great writing, singing, andmusic.  Five Stars.
B005VPSEK2|5.0|Like most people, I love Kelly's second album, Breakaway. However, I was really disappointed with My December, and All I Ever Wanted was good, but a little too poppy for me. This new album strikes a balance between the rockiness of Breakaway and My December and the upbeat poppiness of All I ever Wanted.  Mr Know it all is a good song, but I actually find it a little boring and doesn't represent the album as a whole well. That song I would actually say is What Doesn't Kill You (Stronger).   Overall, these are some of Kelly's better songs imo, and it's nice to see her back.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|Great cooler and its BIG.  added on a second 120mm fan for push-pull cooling. OC'd i5-750 at 3.6GHZ at 40C
B005D9MUWY|5.0|this is the best keyboard that I have tried. better prediction technology than others I have tried. better highly recommended
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|recommended for anyone wanting to take notes and share them across devices. you have to give it a try. now.
B005I6EVUG|4.0|This Verso Artist Cover fits my Fire perfectly, yes the fit is snug but I'd rather it be snug and hold my device than flimsy and have it fall out! The cover is well made and very sturdy, can't understand the comments about a magnet as this cover doesn't have one. I'm pleased with my purchase tho I think nearly ALL covers are overpriced...
0061367036|3.0|If you don't want to take the time, and page through books on monsters, spirits, demons and ghouls yourself, this is a fun little read. I didn't get a sense of Sam or Dean while reading this, seems to me the author just culled a bunch of stories from other sources he researched and regurgitated them.
B005HV6Y5W|2.0|This is not a movie as much as it is a documentary & work of art. It was interesting with beautiful scenes. And the acting that was there was very good. But its not a movie u sit down with friends to watch for a good time.
0451205766|4.0|I came into this novel without seeing the movies and constantly hearing about how \\"I'm missing out on Sicilian culture\\" and I never could understand the difference between Italian and Sicilian. But, after reading this great story I've learned the difference and I've also had my interest spiked in the Italian mafia or organized crime.   The story is very flowing and leaves you constantly wondering what would happen next making this an easy read for anybody. My only complaint is the focus on Johnny Fontane because he seemed to have the depth of a minor character but had so much focus I was constantly dreading his story being told. All in all though, you cannot penalize this great story too much for this minor flaw.
B003L77G2Y|5.0|Fringe is one of those shows every smart viewer should see.  Anyone who enjoys great acting, amazing writing and being challenged as a viewer will absolutely love this series, especially season 3.  Season 3 is the culmination of an amazing series of set ups, twists, turns and payoffs.  Every episode results in an \\"OH MY GOSH\\" moment.  Do yourself a favor and pay attention while you watch season 1, enjoy season 2 when the show decides to trust their audiences to follow the narrative and ride the roller coaster then have your mind blown by season 3.
0553801473|3.0|After waiting what seemed to be forever for this installment to the Game of Thrones series I was rather disappointed. This piece of the story is typical Martin style and has the excellent flow to it. What it was lacking was the normal progress through the story line that we were so used to. A Feast for Crows and Dance with Dragons really should be combined into one book (it would be humongous) because after all, they're almost a reflection of each other but from opposite sides of the mirror. I guess Game of Thrones fans will have to wait another 4+ years for any progress on the story line to be made.
B005GVA2L0|1.0|I still think Amy Lee has a lovely voice but I havent liked anything since the first album. I think the departure of Ben Moody might be the reason for that. He had a lot to do with the songwriting on \\"Fallen\\". I was even hoping that the break between the second and third albums might result in some sonic growth but overall, the album is very bland.
6304711905|5.0|Val Kilmer as Doc Holiday need I say more? I quote this movie on a daily basis. One of the best movies ever, period!
B0067QPVJ6|2.0|I hope the DVD comes with 10-15 extra minutes of footage that was left on the editting room floor because the final cut gave almost ZERO time to any of the characters other than Joel and Mary Elizabeth. There was no tension or intrigue trying to determine which character had been infected. The director displayed a lack of understanding, of how to effectively pace a horror/sc-fi flick. It's unfortunate because some of the death scenes were pretty darn chilling! I just didn't care about anyone in the movie and only knew 4 or 5 of their names. There is a reason why this film only lasted 3 weeks in major maket theaters. And why the release date was pushed back from April.
B005KJZDXK|4.0|The CD came with good timing and I love these singers! The product was in good condition. Very easy listening for the Christmas season!
0446585025|1.0|While I think Ellen is funny, kind, and light hearted the fact this book was published and sells for $27 is almost offensive. I am led to believe her publisher said it was time for another book so they all make some more money and she did not have time so just filled pages with literal nonsense.  Please stick to the show and buy a book by an author who put time and energy into giving the reader a pleasurable experience.
B004UXUUDA|5.0|I watched this movie yesterday and I just can't stop thinking about it. This is a really captivating film, and I feel everyone should watch it. There are a few scenes that aren't appropriate for younger children, because there are graphic and extremely emotional parts. I absolutely love this movie, quite an amazing story.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I read many reviews on this item that were very negative but based on the positive ones and my personal preferences decided to order it anyway.  I can say without reservations that, for me and my needs, this is the perfect cover for the Kindle Fire.  It is a exact fit for the product and offers excellent protection.  What more can you ask for thirty bucks??
B005CM9DX6|4.0|I am not a die Hard fan of Opeth but saying that I truly believe that they are amongst the best bands in metal/hard rock arena today and like Mastodon/SOAD are quite progressive as well.   This album may be a bit of a let down for the fans who like the death metal vocals and hard /fast tunes..but for fans like me who listen to Opeth more for the musicmanship and the prog side of the band this is a great album. It definately pays tribute to a lot of the Jazz, classic rock influences on the band members but still keeps it's individuality of being an Opeth album.  Give it a few listens....keep it aside for a week or two and try again...this time see the songs jump at you like monsters.   'Slither' which at first sound like an out of place song for Opeth, more a Blackmore sevenites song.... on multiple listens the same song sounds like it did on your first listens but without the 'this is not Opeth' and this is when you start to appretiate the song rather then straight jacketing the band.  Another standout track is'Folklore' wow just wonderfull. This band will leave a leagacy of music for fans to rever in different moods....Steven Wilson says it's a great album..I tend to agree...  Yes this album is more jazzy, less extreme but still a monster if you get what I mean..
B005FVA63A|3.0|I bought this on .co.uk because it's at least $100 cheaper (depending on the exchange rate you get). The box is a little larger than the size of an album but about six inches deep, with paper-magnetic tiles on top of the Achtung Baby cover that you can remove. You have to flip open the front panel and open the top to get at the vinyl and book. There's a drawer underneath that you have to pull open revealing a 4 block drawer holding the CD's, glasses, pins a magazine lays on top. The corner of the drawer was ripped when I got the set, indicating how cheap the box actually is constructed. The glasses come sewn in a bag that you have to rip open to get at (I haven't).  The CD's are what I wanted and the remastered sound is excellent. You get 6 cd's, a complete set of all of the Achtung Baby music including B sides and all of the mixes, plus you get Zooropa. The vinyl is 180g album plus 7\\" vinyl singles housed in individual sleeves and put in a slip case. I haven't had a chance to listen to it yet.   All in all, this set is not worth the price, it's probably not worth more than $200. You have to love U2 or love music (like me) in order to spring for this!
B005YDLJ76|3.0|I really don't understand these Sony people! What's wrong with them? Why not a Blu-ray release too? On Youtube there are 2 offficial fragments in 1080P, so it must've been recorded in HD. Why then only release an inferior DVD??!
B006B31B80|1.0|This show has utterly lost its way, the suspense and action of the first season is completely lost.  Sad- I thought it would grow more intense after the first season. QUestions to ask- have any major characters been killed by the walkers so far in 6 episodes this whole season?! None. Not one, they go out from the farm, occasionally encoutner a situation and then come back. And the retarded farmer vet, with his barn full of zombies, seriously you have got to be kidding me? I know he is a \\"Religous\\" man and killing is wrong for him, but come on.  I will give this show one, just one MORE episode to blow my mind, and if it doesn't it, that is it.  This has devolved into a freaking soap opera, with what looks like not much budget spent on these episodes either.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|I found i had mixed emotions at the end of the story. The whole story in general was very real and not many feel good moments . No miraculous story twists of great personal triumphs. Dear friends and family die. The love triangle does not resolve in any grand way. Katness storms the capitol and doesn't even kill Snow despite great human expense. Nor does she ever really become the great leader you expect her to be. At the end she's just a broken person. But so is Peeta and they find and help each other through it.   I kept expecting Katness to fully devope into the independent self confident hero leading the charge against the capitol and ending victorious, like every other story. But now that I have read the whole story I'm glad it ended the way it did.   It's more of a story about over coming tragedy and moving on than fulfilling your potential or becoming great despite great odds. The story could have gone very different, but in the end it's a story anyone can relate to and that's what makes it so great.
B0050KEVO6|5.0|really hate this minimum word thing app is great for killing time if you have a what if mind. some of combinantions are obvious lots of others not so
B001RIY4WE|5.0|Good blu ray good movie I like explosions and robots.  I'm looking for John Connor.  DUH DUH DUH DUH, I love that theme song too.
B0008KLVG4|5.0|I bought this video to watch with my son.  As my first experience with JAWS was a seminal event in my life I wanted to share that experience with him.  Unfortunately, and this is no way part of the product review, watching it on a TV--even a 55-inch LED flatscreen--couldn't have come close to seeing the film in a theatre.  The fact that I saw Jaws in one of those old-time theaters with only one--giant--screen, I think deepened my sense of failure even more.  But, forgetting all that nitpicking, my son LOVED IT!!!  It really is a remarkable film and it deserves to be part of that canon of life-changing films--even ones in the genre of summer blockbusters--that should be handed down from one generation to another.  I'm not sure my son had the same reaction as I did the first time, and this may be part of TV's limiting value, because we were interrupted by mom calling us to dinner (don't tell her but I wanted to scream at her for undermining our male-bonding moment).  Nevertheless, my son couldn't stop talking about the movie.  To me, what makes a film great and why JAWS deserves that distinction, is not just because the action and the characters are so vividly and perfectly realized, but because the film is truly timeless.  Watching it 35 years after I had first seen it six times that summer (it played on that one screen for the entire summer), I was truly impressed at how it didn't feel dated at all.  It is a testament to Spielberg et al.  Knowing more about films now, my only criticism is not one at all: I wish the movie were longer and especially that there was more intrigue and detective work in Brody discovering what was killing those bathers on Amity Island.  I think it would have made the movie even more phenomenal if there was that element of mystery with Brody offering his theory up against the stonewalling of the mayor and his cronies.  Just a thought, but I think it would have worked without changing the movie...  Regardless, please watch this movie again and pass it on to your next generation!!!nd pass it on to your next generation!!!
0393320928|4.0|Great book! I had an old copy of it but wanted a new copy instead. I would recommend the book to everyone.
B002NOYX54|5.0|La tercera vez que lo adquiero, vienen a mi casa lo oyen otras personas y se lo he tenido que regalar!...lo mejor en musica desde Bob Marley
B0055EAJ7A|3.0|I suppose if you're a fan of the comics and expected the movie to be just like them, you might be disappointed in this movie. That seems to be the basis of a lot of the bad reviews. I liked this movie. It gave me just what I expected: fantasy action and cool special effects.<br /><br />However: I was unable to watch the Blu-ray and 3D versions of the movie. The movie would play, but there were no voices. And a silent version of a comic book action movie? Not a lot of fun.<br /><br />My BD player is a Sony BDP-S770. This is the only disc I've had any problems with. I've read some reviews here and elsewhere that say the copy protection makes the discs unplayable on some machines. Thanks for that, Paramount.<br /><br />Anyway, if you like good, mindless action flicks, give Thor a try. Just don't set your expectations too high.
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|Not sure what everybody's complaint is about. This is exactly what I wanted.<br /><br />I was looking for protection that wouldn't add to the weight or size of the kindle, and at the same time would protect it from use. I feel confortable with this cover to through my kindle into my backpack along with other things.<br /><br />My wife has the smart cover for the ipad and the quality of this is not as good, but close enough. I agree the price should be more on the $20s, but is the only option available, so I guess they can take advantage of that. If you are looking for better protection and don't mind the bulk and weight, a leather cover might be more what you are looking for.<br /><br />I got the black one and it looks great. I wish they would have added a magnet to keep the cover closed, but not sure if that is possible if the kindle doesn't have a magnet as well.
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|The movie is great, so we don't need to discuss that.  As for the Ultraviolet issue, you can still download the movie into your computer (or other devices) so that you don't have to stream it.  If anything UltraViolet seems to have added some new features to the digital copy option.  For instance, let's say you go to a friend's house and you want to watch this movie.  However, you don't have the physical disc or your computer with you.  Solution:  You can stream it!  If you don't want to stream it, Solution:  download it and save it on your hard drive.  Simple, wouldn't you say?  The previous generation of Digital Copy only allowed you to download the movie (no streaming option).   Conclusion:  Previous generation Digital Copy:  Download and Save only option  UltraViolet Digital Copy:  Download and Save and/or Streaming options  I hope this helps!
B005COO1X6|2.0|I have been reading Stephen King novels since I was 13.  In fact, he was the author who led me to reading.  In all fairness, reading novels such as \\"The Talisman\\" and various other heavy hitters has set my bar for him quite high.  The last one I really enjoyed was \\"From A Buick 8,\\" and it lacked the feel of his older works.<br /><br />With that being said, I purchased this novel with the same high expectations as the previous novels I hold near and dear to me, and turned on my new Kindle Fire for a 2 hour drive to my in-laws.  The reading started at a great pace, you get this story about a boy finding himself in an abandoned rest stop, and the muddy car pulls in, and....the connection is not made.  He's passed out inside the stop, you get this glimpse at his character initially, and then, nothing.  You are then taken outside for a short tale that parallels the rest stop.  Is the creature going inside the rest stop?  Why did that car stop THERE?  Is everyone stupid, despite obvious signs to not approach the car?  What IS the entity in the muddy car????  (Do you, Dear Reader, have a vivid imagination?  Yes?  Good.  You will need to write your own answers here, because they remain unanswered).<br /><br />(Sigh).  If you are a teenager looking to read your first horror novel or story, this one may be the one for you.  If you are an avid reader and wish to read something a la King's old novels of days long gone, pay a little more for something else by someone else.  This one ends up feeling as if the deadline loomed, King had to finish in a hurry, and the ending will do nothing but disappoint, with no resolution of the questions I posed in the previous paragraph.... I have never wanted a 2-hour drive to end more in my life.  Thank God I loaded up other more worthy reads for the ride home....
0684847817|5.0|what an amazing book! i am astounded at how much information resides within this book for knowledge of fae folk...both good and bad.   the pictures are so beautiful, full of life and wonder. tis a great book for both young and old! a book that will surprise you everytime and keep you guessing til the end. not to mention, it is the perfect edition to brian froud's collection. and to anyone who is interested in the least about \\"the little people\\", i strongly suggest that you buy this book!!!
B004A8ZWSS|1.0|Take two actors that are well known. Bring them to Venice. Tell them to dress up and walk around. The Female actor has one mission; to look good. The Male actor is a side-kick that is supposed to talk in almost a whisper. Forbid any storyline or manuscript. Tape 90 minutes and use a lot of promotion. What do you get? The Tourist!  What I do not understand is how these actors agree to do this? Is it the easy money? Well, if you want to look at the face of Angelina Jolie with a few kilo of make-up on and if you really think Venice looks like in the movie this is a film for you. Those of us who have been there more than once and struggled through the city with the real tourists have a hard time buying this.
B004US4K2C|5.0|Goodbye and good riddance HTC sense. works great on my eco 3d. I cannot believe this is a free app
0316017930|2.0|The basic premise of the book is that \\"it takes 10,000 hours to become proficient\\" at a skill. That's just patently false!. There are people that can memorize a book after having read it only \\"once\\" (Think \\"Rain main\\"). There are people that can learn a new language (Lithuanian) in a couple of weeks (not 10,000 hours - Think Daniel Tammet). What annoys me is that some people now quote that FALSE STATEMENT as though it were gospel. It's NOT! Oh well, there are also other major errors in Gladwells books, but he IS entertaining. And it wouldn't hurt if he lost that \\"absent minded professor\\" look! He could tuck his shirt in (or leave it out). Not half-in half-out...before a giving a talk at TED. His dress looked totally planned . . . in a bad and manipulative way!
B0025KVLVA|1.0|This is the worst beatles album I have ever heard..The disc lacks any bass and some songs do noyt even sound like the Beatles.. ...The whole disc is poorly recorded old beatles songs with manly lyrics and highs but no lows or much midrange..I have a good system with good cables and powercords..This might be the worst recorded disc that I own by any artist.
0786891416|3.0|I bought this book for my mom as a gift.  She was mildly disappointed. The cute exchanges between Beckett and Castle were nonexistent, and nothing like the television show.  I know it can't be exactly like the show but this was so far different as to be a completly different story.  She liked the book, but was it wasn't what she expected.
B000K8EQ5W|4.0|I loved this movie so much, but I confess I had to stop asking myself, 'how could that be?', \\"why\\", and 'but, if\\". Just accept the basic premise of a time warp or parallel universes, and enjoy the fantasy. Sandra Bullock is as luminous as I have ever seen her, Keneau is wonderful, and the chemistry and emotions are spellbinding. Having always loved architecture myself, I reveled in how the various homes, projects, plans and dreams interwove between persons, times and relationships. A great movie to make you want to believe in love again!
B000059MEK|5.0|The music that is laid out and exhibited by Daft Punk's Discovery album is a great representation of the progression technosonic music has made in the past century. While the album is comprised of compositions that are innovative and modern in many aspects such as style, technology used, and expression, the album's influences can be traced back to early landmark developments in the field of electronic music.   Discovery includes fourteen tracks, ranging from those that are lyrically characteristic of typical popular music (such as \\"Digital Love\\", \\"Face to Face\\", \\"Too Long\\") to those that are much more focused on the instrumentals rather than lyrics (such as \\"Aerodynamic\\", \\"Voyager\\", \\"Short Circuit\\"). There are also tracks that seem to incorporate lyrics as part of the instrumentation as certain words or phrases are repeated and emphasized at certain points (such as \\"One More Time\\", \\"Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger\\", \\"Superheroes\\"). One of the prime examples conveying the French duo accomplishing this innovative endeavor is the track titled \\"Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger\\". In this particular track, vocoders are used to recite grouped strands of words (\\"Work it, make it, do it, makes us\\"; \\"harder, better, faster, stronger\\") and then later combined to elicit more intelligible phrases (\\"work it harder, make it better, do it faster, makes us stronger\\").   Another noteworthy aspect of Discovery that enables the album to receive accolades as a key proponent of modern technosonic music is the major utilization of electronic instruments. Daft Punk's appliance of synthesizers, vocoders, drum machines, and sequencers to the album's overall feel of electronic music is in compliance with the historical development of electronic instruments that include the Telharmonium (the first intentional electronic instrument), the theremin (the earliest electronic instrument to remain in active use today), and the Hammond Organ (which paved the way for other piano-based synthesizers such as the Moog and the Yamaha DX7).    One of the more prevalent composition techniques and motifs this album employs is sampling. There are a total of four such tracks in Discovery, each sampling a different song from the disco era. \\"Digital Love\\" samples George Duke's \\"I Love You More\\"; \\"Harder, Better, Faster, Stronger\\" features Edwin Birdsong's \\"Cola Bottle Baby\\"; \\"Crescendolls\\" uses \\"Can You Imagine\\" by Little Anthony & the Imperials; and lastly, \\"Superheroes\\" rehashes Barry Manilow's \\"Who's Been Sleeping in My Bed\\". Daft Punk's wide use of the composition technique of sampling and its incorporation into electronic schemes is very much reminiscent of one of the earliest landmark composers in the field of electronic music, Karheinz Stockhausen. Stockhausen, a German composer, was credited as the first to combine electronic music with sample-based music, as portrayed in his composition from the mid 1950s \\"Gesang der Junglinge\\".   Discovery's employment of sampling is also accompanied by the heavy use of the technique of looping. Most of the tracks in this album incorporate looping in varying degrees; some tracks for the most part loop only the instrumentals and background layer while the foreground layer and vocals change (\\"Digital Love\\", \\"Something About Us\\") and other tracks for the most part loop both the background and foreground layers, including lyrics (\\"Superheroes\\", \\"High Life\\"). Looping can be traced back to another prominent figure (and a fellow Frenchman of the duo) in the history of electronic music, Erik Satie. In the late 19th Century, Satie has explored different artistic forms of music, one of which was the technique of looping, which he incorporated into his musical genre of repetitive music.    As the examination of the Discovery reveals, this album has drawn inspiration from previous work and developments in the history of electronic music and portrays a great appreciation of such advances through its use of different techniques and instruments. Furthermore, based on the success and positive reception this album has accumulated since its inceptive release back in early 2001, it appears that through Discovery the legacy of early electronic music has reached the masses in the turn of the millennium and at the same time has set precedence for future advances in technosonic music.
B00598Y414|5.0|Okay, I bought this mainly for nostalgia's sake. I grew up in the 80's listening to Iron Maiden, Y&T, Armored Saint, The Rods and all that. The reason I picked this record to buy is because it's a good overview of 'Maiden from that period. It covers a couple of songs from the first two pre-Bruce Dickinson albums and steam rolls through Number Of The Beast, Piece Of Mind and Powerslave. There isn't a bad song on it (although after a couple of listens the long audience participation segment in the otherwise classic Running Free begins to grate and I find myself skipping to the next song after the first 2.5 minutes). The production values are very good, and the crowd noise isn't obnoxious like on some live records. Maybe they didn't include every one of my favorite songs, but this was a big deal when it hit in the mid-eighties. Iron Maiden's first live album! I kind of quit listening to them after that. I understand they've made a ton more albums including some live records and best of discs. That's cool but for me the initial burst of power summed up on this collection defines an era and still blows me away.
B0068TJLSY|4.0|It's a movie that made me feel like Stephen King had a hand in it.  Great acting, all the kids were great and I think this one would be suitable for kids and adults.  It was full of action and had a few funny moments too.  The only bad thing I can say is that it was dark as in, just not a lot of light in this movie and sometimes it was hard to really tell what was going on.  Gave me that feel good feeling in the end...watch and you'll see what I mean.  Don't want to spoil it for you!
B000ZN8036|2.0|The \\"Into the Wild\\" DVD is done in a almost continous flash back format. It is very hard to put the young mans life story together unless you have read the book. The book is excellent. I recommend reading the book and not watching the DVD.
B004JHY8A8|4.0|This a good book. You'll enjoy reading it, it's interesting and engaging. Nothing more. I love novels that let you in on some history, the history of the Val dhiv and the attitude of the French to it is fascinating. The story was well written and not to dramatic or depressing. I just don't feel as though I really did get under the main characters skin.. Didn't really manage to identify with her.. Still lively book.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|This app is perfect for anyone who needs to write and travel. Being able to have access to my writing and scribblings anywhere from any computer.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|this romantic tale of a teenager`s journey through a tragic experience is the most real and realatable story you will ever read. Katniss Everdeen battles confusion over her feelings for Peeta Mellark whlie fighting for her life. this is an amazing booj that everyone should expirience.
B004EBUXSA|5.0|I was hoping to save up and buy an i7 Extreme. However, after doing some reading and research, I realized that sometimes there are cheaper processors that give more bang for your buck. I googled up this neat site that compares processors by performance and then how it relates in terms of pricing. (passmark Software Cpu benchmark) If you don't have the money, but want the kind of  performance that can still compare with a more expensive processor, this is the one for you. With the option for overclocking to 4.5 Ghz (which I haven't done yet, because I have yet to get liquid cooling) it is a stellar performer! It's got all the bells and whistles to make this a powerfully performing, yet energy efficient processor. My only concern is the small heat sink it comes with. I would not risk overclocking with it. Definitely get a proper cooling system before doing anything in the overclocking department, especially if you live in a warmer climate like I do. A good buy. No regrets! :)
B004RFYEEC|4.0|Unless you are a big Beach Boys nut (which I am), I wouldn't get this box set.  There are a lot of nice things inside, but there is only one CD of listenable music.  There are four CD's of session music, outtakes.  A lot just parts of songs that were edited together.  I don't understand why record companies feel the need to released vinyl along with CD's, but I guess it is a way for them to make sure they can get more of your money.  No matter what the reason was, this is a nice box set of a record that wasn't released for 35 years after it was supposed to be.  Unless you want everything having to do with this release, I would buy the two CD set, one disc of the regular LP and another disc of selected outtakes.  However, this is a very nice package.
B0034G4P8A|5.0|This is such an on point representation of what Thor is as a comic character. It hits on all the hallmark aspects of the comic while fleshing it out to make him a living breathing person. Awesome.
B004SUWR2C|4.0|As a previous reviewer mentioned, the overall poor score for this game is based off of numerous old reviews (look at the dates). This game has been optimized for the Fire in HD and looks and runs great. I won't disagree that it's a bit pricey, though.
B001UV4XIS|5.0|The movie is fantastic, possibly the best of the series. It's a fabulous way to end the series and the acting is the best it's ever been, especially Daniel Radcliffe. I have no interest in the digital version so I can't speak to that but the DVD version is everything you could want in a movie.
B0044DEAUA|5.0|HAve had quite quite a number of handsfree kit , but this is the best so far. Speaker is very clear, Microphone works very well.
0061989142|5.0|Please don't buy this book expecting something deep...it's title describes it perfectly- it's about style and how to aquire your own personal style. It was a fun and light read. Lauren has a real grasp on her personal style and was able to share how to personalize your closet quite well. I enjoyed this book and recommend it for those who enjoy this type of subject!
B004LWZW4C|5.0|This movie is outstanding. A must see.This is the way the X-Men is ment to be, the only thing missing is Wolverine.[[ASIN:B004LWZW4C X-Men: First Class (+Digital Copy) [Blu-ray]]]
159514188X|4.0|I picked up 13 Reasons Why from the library at the recommendation of a fellow blog friend. To be honest, I didn't know what to expect from a book that deals with teen suicide. However, after reading so many great reviews, I decided to go ahead and give it a read. I'm glad I did.<br /><br />The book has two main characters, Clay and Hannah. We follow Clay as he listens to Hannah's suicide tapes.  I really liked Clay and, bless his heart; he didn't deserve to be on those tapes. He didn't deserve to believe he had any part in her death. However, I couldn't imagine reading this book through anyone other than Clay. He was such a great guy, and he did really care about Hannah.<br /><br />Then there's Hannah. I felt bad for her, and I can definitely sympathize, but I also found her to be frustrating. I feel that she didn't try hard enough to get help. We only see her trying one time to talk to an adult, (or anyone for that matter), who was definitely not qualified to help her. I had an issue with this, because it always seems to be that way with the schools. They let bullying roll of their backs, and say that it's a rite of passage. I also have to wonder, where were the parents? We don't hear of them often, and if she knew that they loved her, why didn't she go to them for help? Why didn't they notice something was wrong?  I also felt that she was being childish in her tapes. I can see making the tapes to get her story out, but in parts she was very annoying. It almost seemed that she was just making the tapes out of revenge. This could have definitely been the point, however.<br /><br />Overall, this book was a very touching read that shows readers the consequences of bullying. I hope that when young adults read it, they will take into consideration how their actions could affect someone else's life.
B004I8WD6E|5.0|I'm new to the iphone world and I bought the 4s on Sprint when it came out in October. I searched for hours high and low for the right case for me and eventually settled on an Incase Slider just so I would have some protection for my new investment. I liked the Incase but I felt like it wouldn't absorb any shock if I ever dropped it. I ordered the AmazonBasics case at the beginning on November even though it was out of stock. I finally got the case about 2 and a half weeks after I ordered it. The case is kind of bendy but once its on the phone it feels like just like a hard case and I feel like since it's a softer material it will offer a little more protection than my old case. Seriously if you haven't ordered this yet, do it. I spent $40 on my Incase and only spent the $8.99 on this one. I've been looking for a clear case for a while since I think iphones are too pretty to hide. I'm a happy customer with this one.
0525422943|4.0|I have really been looking forward to reading Where She Went. I had read, and loved, If I Stay earlier this year. I was a little worried when I started reading the book, because so many people have raved over it, and I was afraid I would be disappointed. I wasn't disappointed at all, it was awesome.<br />The story is told from Adam's point of view this time. I've loved Adam since I read If I Stay, but in this book he's turned into this huge mess of a broken man. Sometimes he was a bit much to take, even though I know he was this way because he was so heartbroken over Mia. He really, really loved her.  Mia was great in the book as well. It was really different seeing her from Adam's point of view. I expected her to be broken as well, considering what all she had been through in the previous book. I actually expected a little more emotion from her, but she seemed to be at terms with all that had happened.<br /><br />I liked the alternating viewpoints of the past and present. It definitely made the book more intense because I wanted to know what was going to happen next, but then I'd have to read about something related that had happened in the past.  The writing was beautiful, just as the previous book was. The plot was engrossing and quick paced. I had the book finished in one sitting. The ending of the book was absolutely perfect. I also liked the lyrics at the beginnings of some of the chapters as well, and I found myself wishing that it was from a real music CD. I would totally buy it!<br /><br />Overall, I loved this book. It is definitely the perfect sequel to If I Stay. If you read it, I hope you enjoy it as well!<br /><br />Happy Reading!
B0050QV0RQ|5.0|This is probably the best game I've ever played on a mobile phone. Kudos to the developers. The translation to English seems to be a little rough, but in my opinion, that just contributes to the 16bit look and feel. Buy this game.
0142419400|5.0|I was a little worried about reading Anna and the French Kiss. I have read so many reviews from people that adore the book, and I was afraid that it would not meet my high expectations. I worried for nothing! This book was just what I needed, a quick paced, cute, fluffy read. I really enjoyed it!<br /><br />I loved the characters. They were all wonderfully developed, and I really cared for all of them. Anna and St. Clair are the perfect couple. I was rooting for them the whole time. Both had their flaws, and that made me love them even more. I loved the secondary characters as well, Meredith, Rashmi, and especially Josh. I even loved the characters that I hated. (Amanda)  I enjoyed watching all of these characters develop more and more throughout the book.<br /><br />The storyline was well written and well paced. I love the setting and the descriptions. I want to go to France SO bad now! The picture Ms. Perkins created in my mind was incredible. The descriptions were delicious. I felt as though I was really there.<br /><br />Overall, this was a really fun read for me. Ms. Perkins is a very talented writer, and I loved the journey she took me on with this book. I caught myself smiling as I flew through the pages. I'm anxiously awaiting the release of Lola and the Boy Next Door now!
B004EPYZPS|3.0|This movie had great promise. Elle Fanning's performance almost balanced out the formulaic plot. If I'd had stopped watching at the halfway point I would have given it five stars. The second half deserves one. Average score is therefore three stars.
0525423281|5.0|I was so very excited to read `Lola and the Boy Next Door'. I had read `Anna and the French Kiss' a few weeks ago, and had really loved it, so I was hoping that Lola was just as good. I have to say, this book was amazing. If it's even possible, I love this more than I loved Anna. (IS that even possible??)<br /><br />Lola is our main character. I really loved Lola. She's funny, spunky and quite a snazzy dresser.  She is like no other character I have ever read about. Lola is not perfect; she makes mistakes and bad decisions, just like everyone else. I definitely loved her more and more throughout the book, as we find out more about her.<br /><br />But the boy that steals the show is definitely Cricket.  Oh My Goodness, I Love Cricket.  He is tall and gawky, shy and awkward, romantic and swoon-worthy. Yes, he's all of those things, wrapped in one little ball of perfection.  I seriously love their relationship. The times in the book when they are together are the BEST! Cricket has earned a position as one of my favorite male characters EVER.<br /><br />I love almost all of the secondary characters in the book, especially Lola's parents, her best friend, Lindsay, even Cricket's sister, Calliope.  I love that we see some of the characters from `Anna and the French Kiss' in Lola. I have missed these characters, and I was so glad to see them again! (I'm not going to spoil it and tell you who.) The one character that I didn't care for was Lola's boyfriend, Max. I saw straight through him from the beginning of the book, and knew he was going to be a problem.<br /><br />The story was very creative and well paced. I literally flew through this book, and read it in just one day. This made me a bit sad, because I didn't want it to be over quite so soon. The ending of the book was so very wonderful. It left me smiling and sighing. I loved the ending!<br /><br />Ms. Perkins has such an amazing, wonderful, extraordinary writing style. I love it. The characters and the stories she creates are fantastic. I also love that she has a way of getting messages across about certain subjects. For instance, that it's ok to be different; that not everyone, if anyone, is perfect. She's definitely becoming one of my all time favorite authors, and I am looking forward to reading more of her work.<br /><br />Overall, I love this book. It's so amazing, and wonderful and perfect. I could go on and on. I just hope that everyone loves it just as much as I did. I can't wait to buy a finished copy to add to my collection.ay of getting messages across about certain subjects. For instance, that it's ok to be different; that not everyone, if anyone, is perfect. She's definitely becoming one of my all time favorite authors, and I am looking forward to reading more of her work.  Overall, I love this book. It's so amazing, and wonderful and perfect. I could go on and on. I just hope that everyone loves it just as much as I did. I can't wait to buy a finished copy to add to my collection.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|I've been a paid subscriber to evernote and use it to centralize my research, bills, and files and just jot notes from my computers, phone, and tablet. nice way to organize my life.
0545259088|3.0|I am so glad to have finally read Forever. I had been waiting a while to read it, and I'm both glad to have read the book, but also sad that the series is over.  I'm definitely going to miss these characters, but I'm excited to see what journey Ms. Stiefvater will take us on next.<br /><br />Sam. I love Sam. He's such a wonderful character. Kind and caring, he's probably the most unselfish character I've ever read. He is amazing, and his love for Grace is beautiful. I do love Sam. However, I felt that in this book, he just did, well, nothing. I spent a good chunk of the book waiting for him to come up with a plan, waiting for him to do something, anything. But he really didn't deliver. I liked the alternating viewpoints between the characters, which gave us a chance to see Grace's life as a wolf. I thought it was interesting to see what she went through, and she handled it a lot better than I expected her to. I love the times Sam and Grace were together. They are an amazing couple.<br /><br />Cole surprises me more and more. I've grown quite fond of him, and also of Isabelle as well. We see a completely different side of Cole in this book, and I like this side much more than the one we were first introduced to in Linger. Isabelle is another character that grows on me the more I read about her. I really like the relationship between Cole and Isabelle. I loved watching it blossom and grow between them. If Ms. Stiefvater would write a series about them, I would totally buy it.<br /><br />I thought the plot was well thought out, and the writing was lovely, as always. I do wish that there had been more activity going on in the book, at least in the first half. I needed something to be going on, and it wasn't. That's probably my biggest complaint.<br /><br />I felt Forever is a good ending to the series, although I would have loved to have the book keep going, and going. But, all things must come to an end.
B00082ZS5W|5.0|Do it for the Band! This band Cooks!!! Great Show with Excellent editing. The songs go well beyond the studio recordings with far extended and outstanding renditions. A Must See for any who love a good Rock Show.   And then the icing on the cake, Love her sweet charming voice. But she's forceful with it a lot of the time with tingling effect. Then you learn about her as the show goes with her frank, honesty and revealing stories and such. What a charming and wonderfully talented singer and songwriter. And guys, if you think it's not gonna happen, be prepared to have your heart stolen. She is Pure!  I never knew anything of Dido prior to this viewing other than her name. It's made me a fan for life with this one output. I couldn't stop wanting to arrange one of my weekend nights into a Dido night.  And the plus here is the Concert on CD!! The downside is you don't get all songs from the DVD and one is shortened. ( Some might think It's a good song to shorten. I always miss it, though ). But still works during the day when sitting down is not an option.  This is in my Top 5 concert videos at the moment. Everyone deserves to attain their best frame of mind and experience this well capture concert. i understand how it was shot over 3 different concerts and all. Well Bravo! Love the Results.
0061438294|5.0|I bought this book based on a speech from someone in my Toastmasters club.  I've always been fascinated by human body language, and this book really puts some specifics around it. The author gives us the benefit of his decades of professional experience learning and then relying on particular nonverbal communications that people transmit  He is very careful to avoid generalizing or overreaching, and in fact makes it a point several times to mention (a) that each individual has his or her own \\"baseline\\" body language, which you need to be aware of because it's the variations from this baseline that are important; and (b) that there is no way to identify with certainty that someone is lying, so if that's what you're looking for, then stop now. Rather, the nonverbal communications (or \\"tells\\") are clues that the individual is feeling unusually agitated, worried, nervous, or happy, in the particular situation being observed. It was a neat experience to read about specific instances from the author's FBI days, almost like getting privileged information. There are a few surprising interpretations contained here, which make perfect sense once the author walks us through them.  Furthermore, the author gives many pages of correlation between our body language and our deeper, subconscious brain functioning (the limbic system), which adds a scientific perspective to the largely observational nature of the many examples.  Now that i've read this book, i'm looking forward to practicing the techniques that the author shared -- not only to better understand my conversation partners, but also to give off signals to help them better understand me.
1400052181|5.0|This book arrived when promised and was in great shape.  I have wanted to read this book for some time.  Am enjoying it so much.  Would use this seller again.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Hello there. First at all, thanks so much for shipping this blu-ray set collection. I'm just receiving it and the only thing I could say that would be...\\"may the force be with you guys\\"...I appreciate it thanks!!
B0050XFY4O|5.0|I was amazed at how the story drew you in. I kind of wish there was more at the end to see what happened. I cried at the separation between these too. It was really wonderfully portrayed and the actors did a fabulous job. I know it was a film...but they seemed to really be in love. Just...great movie.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|Hey there, I'm so pleased for buying this B ray, the movie looks great on 120 inches projection screen. Besides I like the special features.Thanks a lot guys!!
B000002UAR|5.0|The Beatles/ Revolver (1990 CD):  If you have the 1990 CD, you don't need the 2009 edition (unless you have been living under a rock and absolutely need the documentary included in the 2009 edition...which you will check out once and then forget about).  As to the album itself, well it's the freakin' Beatles Revolver album isn't it!  If you don't have one, get one.  Highly Recommended (of course).
1439190275|4.0|very informative. Makes a lot of sense, if you really stop and think about it.Sugar is our enemy, carbs too.
B001NERPHS|5.0|Bob Dylan and The Band/ The Basement Tapes (Columbia 2 CD):  These were private tapes of Bob Dylan and The Band jamming together.  These recordings were never intended for release.  However, during the decade when Dylan was absent from the music scene, fans were desperate for new Dylan material.  Filling that gap were the various bootleg LP pressings of \\"The Basement Tapes\\" which consisted of a great many more songs than what would eventually be released by Columbia on two LPs (represented on these two CDs).  This is one example where the bootlegs were so popular that the studio decided that they were missing a chance to make some money if they did not come up with an official release.  There is the obvious question of `how did the bootleggers get copies of the original tapes in the first place?'  The obvious answer is, someone decided to unofficially allow the boots to be made just to keep Dylan's name alive during his self-imposed `exile'.  Whether they were made available by someone in the studio, by a member of The Band, or by Dylan himself, we don't know.  However, the official release of the Basement Tapes double LPs by Columbia certainly wasn't made to entirely replace the bootleg versions.  In fact, the official release seems to have been created to give cleaner versions of some of the songs that were of the poorest quality in the early bootlegs, along with a few of the more popular songs.  In short, the official release is more of a supplement to the old bootlegs rather than an alternative to the bootlegs.  Now that the neighborhood record store has been obliterated by the modern rip-off computer sources, it is becoming increasingly difficult to find the more complete bootleg versions of the tapes.  Those old boots are certainly worth searching for, especially since there were some fairly high quality boots produced in the late 1980's and early 90's (before the stores disappeared).  However, the incomplete sessions that are Columbia's Basement Tapes, is certainly worth owning, in fact, there are some great cuts preserved in these two CD's...enough to consider them essential for any fan of Dylan's work.tainly worth owning, in fact, there are some great cuts preserved in these two CD's...enough to consider them essential for any fan of Dylan's work.
B005MW7C70|4.0|I love this album.  Great guitar playing, great vocals and a very good collection of tunes.  I keep coming back to this album and listening over and over.
B005J29HCQ|5.0|The Beach Boys/ Smile sessions (2 CD version):  Having heard the rumors about the Smile sessions all my life, I was pleased to discover that the completed version was as magnificent as I had hoped.  The first CD of this two CD set is that completed version of the album (plus a little more).  The second CD in this set can safely be thrown away without any feeling of loss.  The booklet in this box is very good.  The poster and button included are fun.  This box set easily gets five stars for the first CD (I'll just ignore the second CD).  They also have a Five-CD set available of these sessions...I can't imagine a better way of ruining a great album than to listen to four CD's worth of outtake mess.
B004LROUW2|1.0|So, let me start by saying I am a huge Murakami fan. All his books were a wonderful read, up until this one. I am not entirely convinced he wrote it, joking of course.  From beginning to end I really couldn't figure out why he wrote this, and what we were suppose to get out of it. It wasn't entertaining, it wasn't a good love story, it wasn't suspenseful, it wasn't exciting, it wasn't intelligent, it really wasn't anything at all. I would go so far as to say it was just plain boring, and poorly written.   In general, I think he just couldn't stop writing, and the pages kept piling up and up with no apparent goal.
B00005ASHM|5.0|The Beach Boys/ Pet Sounds (The complete Albums in Stereo & Mono):  This is a beautiful and absolutely classic album.  This particular single CD version of it gives us both the Mono and Stereo mixes.  Both are great.  I originally did not want to buy a bunch of individual albums by the Beach Boys.  I wanting instead a good compilation but, having been disappointed with the five-disk history set, I turned to the original albums.  I had the old LP of Pet Sounds many years ago and this CD is a revelation of brilliance and clarity.  I could not be happier with this CD, and am glad that I was not forced to buy the multi-disk Pet Sounds Sessions in order to own the album.  Highly Recommended.
1419702238|5.0|The book again, had a good storyline. The book had some new stuff that deals with Gregory's life. Overall, a good book.
B000002WTI|5.0|Jefferson Airplane/ Surrealistic Pillow:<br /><br />First - a short review of the album:<br />  Surrealistic Pillow is one of the finest albums ever made.  In 1967 there was a number of classic albums that were released.  Of those albums, only Sgt. Pepper had more influence than Jefferson Airplane's Surrealistic Pillow.  If you don't have it, you should get it (if you can figure out which CD version of it is available and right for you).<br /><br />Second - a short review of a specific release (as it's getting difficult to tell one release from another and each seems to be different in one way or another).<br />  This is a Review of the Surrealistic Pillow CD that is identified as RCA/BMG 24 Karat Gold Collectors edition #66598-2 from 1995.  This version of the album has the eleven tracks from the album in Stereo, followed by the same 11 songs (slightly different recordings) in Mono.  22 tracks in all.  I am very happy with this disk.  I have no opinion on the other versions of the album that are listed on Amazon.  I have no idea if this particular version is even listed on Amazon.
1442346949|5.0|Like most professionals, I have to use a PC at work and so I have some at home - but I love my Apple iMac.  I'm also old enough to remember the beginning of the personal computer revolution and the start of Apple Computer, so I wanted to know more about Steve and Apple.  I have really enjoyed - and been moved - by this biography.  Of course, the focus is Steve, but the work illuminates an entire industry as well as an interesting pathway to incredible success.  If you're interested in Steve Jobs, Apple Computer, or success in the high-tech world you will likely find this read or listen worthwhile.
B000000IS4|5.0|Cream/ Disraeli Gears (1992 Gold, UDCD562):  Disraeli Gears is another true classic Rock album.  If you don't have this one, you need to get it.  Highly Recommended.  The Ultradisc Gold edition I have contains the original album in Stereo in tracks 1 to 11, and the Mono version of the album in tracks 12 to 22.  There are several versions of the CD (or CDs) available and it would be worth your time to find the one that best fits your collection.  I have no idea if the specific CD edition I have described is available here.
B00584UF4E|5.0|Belgian-Aussie artist Gotye (Wally de Backer) delivers a great art-pop album in the form of Making Mirrors. If you like your music original, interesting, with killer hooks and an arty slant then this is for you. Standout track, Someone That I Used to Know has just become the biggest selling Australian record since Savage Garden's Truly Madly Deeply in 1995. You won't regret this album, you'll wear it out.
B000NOKA0S|4.0|The Songs of Leonard Cohen:  All the songs on this CD were written by Leonard Cohen and this release became very influential on the whole `singer songwriter' movement of the late 60's and early 70's.  However, this is an album I respect more than I enjoy.
B002GYKTS6|3.0|THis is definitely one of their worst albums. Its not bad but its also not good. Here we have intrumentals or better say jams during their masterpiece Signify. Well its like a background music to a film with a lot of ambient music. Its like taking drugs this album. Well its too much and nothing really memorable. If you are new to Porcupine tree this is the last album to begin with. Start with Sognify and Lightbulb sun.
B00000K29E|4.0|Big Brother & The Holding Company featuring Janis Joplin (extra tracks edition):  Janis died so young that every recording of hers is precious, but as an album, this one is not up to the standards that she would soon reach.  There are however, some great songs in this album (others are just ok).  The Janis Joplin Collection box set is the best place to get all her essential albums in one place.  This single CD of her first album has the same bonus tracks as the disk in that box set.
B001O8C5EQ|5.0|THis is defiitely one of their best albums. Its total psychedelic. THe atmosphere is perfect and there is a variety of songs that gives you a variety of emotions. Its ambient, ballad, rock, dreaming, travelling....... AMAZING. A must buy for people who would like something unique psychedelic and calm album. Here we have master songs like : The sleep of no dreaming - Sever - Dark matter - master insteumentals like : Waiting phase 1 - WEaiting phase 2 - idiot prayer - and the rest songs are very very good. Whast you would also like is the mix of the musical organs. THere are many organs and the sound is one of the best i have ever heard in any album. A MUST BUY. 5 STARS
B0000009RT|5.0|The Mothers of Invention/ Freak Out! :  Listening to Freak Out is like walking through a carnival, catching the various sounds of different booths and events, and yet having all those sounds add up to one enjoyable day.  Now the Frank Zappa carnival always employed the Best musicians, although none of them could be classified as \\"stable\\".  In short, Freak Out is a wonderful album from the midway of the 1960's.  Note: The great \\"Trouble Every Day\\" song was written about the Watts Riots in Los Angeles, an event that shaped much of the album.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|Great for making shopping lists, to-do lists, and reminders. Cute  1x1 widget can show you how many items are left on your list. User friendly, clear directions for first time users, has nice color options. I've used many list apps including Astrid, but this beats them all.
B000002GQE|5.0|The Moody Blues with the London Festival Orchestra/ Days of Future Passed:  There are several versions of the album out now that include bonus cuts.  I find the addition of these bonus cuts to be a distraction rather than an addition to the experience of this album.  The seven tracks of the original album are nearly perfect in their composition, performance, and positioning.  The original album is highly recommended.  A quick finger on the stop button is recommended to separate the album from the bonus tracks (if you have that version).
1594744769|4.0|I very much enjoyed this book, and am looking forward to the sequel. It was fun and different and really cinematic.     Read my full review at Examiner.com:  [...]
B000002UAU|5.0|The Beatles/ Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band:  I'm perfectly happy with my old CD version of this nearly perfect album.  There is no need for me to describe this album to you.  If you don't have a copy, you need to get one.  Having this version of the CD for a long time, I have yet to see a reason to replace it with a newer CD.  This album would obviously earn the sixth star in this rating system.
0064440346|3.0|Owl at Home is one of Harper & Row's many titles in the I Can Read! series.  The inside cover explains the series' system for promoting independent reading in young children, and the title page is followed by a table of contents that enumerates the book's chapters.  Young children will enjoy the protagonists' childlike innocence in this episodic narrative of loosely connected adventures in which he demonstrates his faulty understanding of physics by welcoming winter as a house guest, becoming frightened by his own feet, making tear-water tea, striving to be in two places at once, and discouraging the moon from following him home.  Readers will delight in predicting the outcomes of Owl's mishaps and recognizing the flaws in his logic.  Lobel's heavily shaded, representational, cartoonish line art provides a depth and richness that complements and extends the text, facilitating the reader's comprehension of Owl's logical fallacies.  Furthermore, the use of a muted color palette comprised of black, white, and orange renders a soft, warm firelight glow to Owl's antics that make his simple, erroneous conclusions oddly endearing.
B004NELBPC|1.0|The app stinks it's always freezing. The content is extremely far far extremist left as it gets.  I will be junking this app real fast.
0399250395|5.0|Much like its protagonist, The Very Hungry Caterpillar metamorphoses. As its story begins and as it ends, it is a nature book featuring the life cycle of the butterfly from egg to adult; in the middle, though, it becomes a counting book featuring a tactile hook. Starting with the larva-eaten endpages, the copious whitespace allows for easy focus on the little caterpillar as it sets out on its journey though a series of die-cut pages. Beginning with a single hole in a single apple on a very short page, each opening in this section becomes longer and longer, with more fruit and more holes. Therefore, a child learning to count has multiple signifiers of increasing amount and quantity: the simple visual of the brightly-colored cut-paper fruit; the hole in each piece, which he or she can feel as an individual item; and the size of the page, which scales in direct proportion to the the number represented. The days of the week are also taught as these feats of larval gustation begin on a Monday and continue through the subsequent week. When Saturday comes, the concept of kind is combined with quantity as the caterpillar eats only one of a variety of less-than-healthful foods, which leads directly to the suggestion that such eating will cause a stomachache. On Sunday, the protagonist is one week old and has become a very corpulent caterpillar indeed. The final metamorphosis completes the nature lesson, conveying the notion that strange changes can be wonderful.
B004EPYZTE|5.0|I'm no Comic collector or a huge fan of them but, when  I was younger I was totally into Conan. I still have the comics from back then and this movie follows the comics. I was a sceptic to begin with but, I have seen this movie three times since I bought it. It has brutality, bloodshed, and boobies!!! Awesome.
0439023521|3.0|\\"The Hunger Games\\" is a wonderfully written tale set in the future where children are pitted against each other in gladiatorial like games. At face value, the book, which is a highly entertaining read, seems destined to become a classic. The author does an amazing job conveying the main character's thoughts and emotions as she is thrown through one terrible ordeal after another.  The problem with the book is that the storyline did not end with any major surprises. I kept waiting for a plot twist that never occurred. The storyline ended almost exactly where I thought it would. Worse, the ending was abrupt and incomplete. That said, the book is part of a series, and presumably the storyline is not over. I was also dissatisfied that the book did not provide me with any deeper insight into humanity nor did it force me to look at the world differently. If there was a moral or point to the story I failed to understand it.  To summarize, the author of the book did everything right. Perhaps that is the problem with the book. Because the author did everything right, the story feels too synthetic, too manufactured.
B004J4WKTW|5.0|I've noticed that the main complaint about this book is that it is overly verbose and tedious to read in places, but I disagree with those that hold that opinion. The book is meant to be savored slowly, not rushed through in one fell swoop. The prose is beautiful, but if you're not used to descriptive narration, it may take some time to adjust. The characters are not quite as human or as deep as is the current fashion, but they're not supposed to be.  (Spoiler alert: you have three stories going on at once, so it would be a headache to try and sort through it if the characters were more developed. As it is, the stories are subtly and loosely interwoven until you finally reach the end, which is perfect, in my humble opinion. Everything is related.)  The book is beautiful, and it had me enjoying every moment. I told a friend in the middle of the book that I couldn't wait to find out what would happen, but that I didn't want it to end. Having finished the book, I am quite content to have discovered what happened, but cannot wait to reread the book and notice everything I probably didn't notice the first time. The book is stunning, a thing of wonder, and it has been placed in my \\"favorites\\" collection on my Kindle. I'm in love with \\"The Night Circus.\\"
B004EPYZT4|3.0|Since so many people consider the original CONAN with Arnold to be a classic (even with some of the cheesy and campy scenes),  you know the makers of this film were fighting an uphill battle to have the film be accepted.<br /><br />I was not really expecting much, but we rented it any way.<br /><br />I was surprised.<br /><br />It was much better than I expected.<br /><br />They tried to maintain a darker tone that was more consistent with the Howard books.<br /><br />I am sure most people will still regard the Arnold version of Conan to be a classic and this film will probably be forgotten quickly ........... which is kind of a shame, because is really is better than the harsher critics proclaim.
B0055SWM08|5.0|it's great! ! this was my first app for my new kindle fire and does not disappoint -charmingly addictive gameplay with soundtrack to please.
B002ZG993Q|1.0|I have never seen Clooney look so out of his element. Not a drop of character in this guy, no edge. When he's in bed with the hooker, the sex is even worse than most Hollywood fake sex & that's saying something.<br /><br />This film looks like it came out of a beginning filmmaker's kit. I think someone dropped a few of the pieces opening the box.<br /><br />Well, some people collect paint-by-numbers paintings so I guess there's always a market as good old PT Barnum once said.
B001QWBM62|5.0|I had a H2, and this one is so much better. H2 had that awful noise with external mic, but this one is crystal clear. Both functionality and sound quality are fantastic.
B002L6I9Z4|1.0|We bought this camera for our son who absolutely loves Legos, and what a disappointment this product is. Picture quality is terrible (for a $50 camera), the flash washes out everything, and after you connect it up to a Mac it makes the camera unstable with a red exclamation mark icon that doesn't go away and no longer able to take pictures. I can't imagine what the profit margin on this thing must be, because Lego certainly didn't spend a lot on its internal design and components. In short, don't buy this camera.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I have a leather case for the Kindle Fire that is okay but bulky. It also doesn't allow me to stand the Fire up to watch movies. I just received this Lightweight MicroShell Folio Cover and love it. It's exactly what I wanted. It's very light weight, looks great and can be stood up to watch movies. I read a few negative reviews and honestly I don't know what people expected. This is exactly what it's supposed to be. The quality is also excellent. It's kind of like the smart cover for the iPad 2.  UPDATE: It's going on two months with this Kindle Fire cover and I'm still loving it. It's held up well under all kinds of use and misuse. I wondered how long the elastic strap would last but it still seems like new after much use.
015603252X|4.0|A moving, intense memoir of the life of this prolific Israel author, tells of life in the Land of Israel from the 1930s until the early 1950s. The author manages to juggle humor and sadness, in a book which does bring to life the Israel of that time. It is circular in nature and not chronological and dwells also on life in Europe for Jews before the re-establishment of the Jewish State. The two problems with the book are the amount of detail can become monotonous and boring and that Oz  sometimes tries too hard to be iconoclastic and cynical, leading simply to a certain putridity. Though my own politics differs from Oz leftwing (yes still humane) political though and that may account for part of my irritation.<br />The author describes his grandmother's obsession that the Levant is filled with germs, and her immaculate obsession with cleanliness as a result. Oz describes his early childhood with a clear and penetrating memory and end in his mother's suicide at 38 in the early 1950s-with Oz describing her depression and his pain and psychological exploration of her suicide. He describes his intellectual but frustrated father and the stifling, book filled flat in Jerusalem from which he escapes to the animating  Kibbutz Hulda at the age of 15. The author describes the situation of Israel in the last years of the British Mandate of Palestine, and provides interesting history of the birth of Israel. From the Holy Land during the Second world war, when the Jewish yishuv (community) of Israel feared the Holocaust coming to the Holy Land at a time when the Nazis looked like they had the Palestine mandate strangled by their control of the Caucuses in the north and their advance in North Africa on the other frontier. At this time Haifa and Tel Aviv, as the auhtor mentions were bombed by Italian planes. The gripping elation and fear at the vote in the Untied Nations at the end of 1947 in which the partition of Palestine was agreed to, the coming of the painful War of Independence and the shortages incurred therein, the atrocities of the war such as the burning alive by Arabs of 50 nurses and doctors on the road to Jerusalem and the killing of dozens of Jews in Jerusalem during a terrorist bombing by pro-Arab British Army deserters calling itself the British Fascist Army. The author describes his first sexual infatuation with a schoolteacher in her 30s named Zelda, and this too is described in immaculate detail. Overall a great contribution to Israeli literature and thought.e and the shortages incurred therein, the atrocities of the war such as the burning alive by Arabs of 50 nurses and doctors on the road to Jerusalem and the killing of dozens of Jews in Jerusalem during a terrorist bombing by pro-Arab British Army deserters calling itself the British Fascist Army. The author describes his first sexual infatuation with a schoolteacher in her 30s named Zelda, and this too is described in immaculate detail. Overall a great contribution to Israeli literature and thought.
B004DLPXAO|4.0|It's been a whole day and I finally was able to get comcast.net to download a mobile version and it runs quite well on the Fire.  I also discovered how to 'push' objects to my Fire and now I'm getting the hang of it.  I wish there were a bit better documentation, such as, \\"This is the concept of using the Fire.  Do this, then this, and expect this.  If you get this, then do this.  Etc.\\"  I come from a big computer world, and I'm not as up to speed with these devices.  A section on how to find things we know and love is also a desirable addition to the \\"Getting Started\\" document.  I know the Fire is just getting started and Amazon has a way to go with it.  I really don't want to go the other way, so I'll wait and see what else I can get into with the Fire.  Thanks for listening and reading.  It is really terrible,in my way of thinking, to hype the kindle Fire and then not have a browser available for it except for one of your choosing.  I should have bought the iPad as my son did--he's enjoying allit has to offer while I get to sit here and wait for you to get the apps you should already have.  You have them for the HTC EVO phone, what is so different with the OS for this machine versus the Kindle Fire?
B005D9MUWY|2.0|I have been using SwiftKey for a while,  and while I like it,  the word correction engine is not quite right.<br /><br />For one thing,  it corrects real words into other words.  I can't imagine it is supposed to do that,  but whether it is an incomplete dictionary or a bug I can't say.  Prediction engines are fine,  but they shouldn't overrule what you actually type!<br /><br />Second,  the amount of weight given to the first letter in a word is so high that you almost never get a correct correction if you get the first letter wrong.  \\"omplete\\"  corrects to \\"omelets\\" rather than \\"complete.\\"  \\"zay\\"  corrects to \\"Zac\\" rather than \\"say.\\"  It needs to put more weight on nearby letters and high frequency words.<br /><br />Third, it corrects singular to plural and vise versa.  I am not sure if this is some effort at a grammar check,  but it isn't very good at it if so.<br /><br />Fourth,  it STILL randomly capitalizes words.  Really annoying.<br /><br />And last,  it corrects all caps.  I hate having to choose to uncorrect what I typed.  The choice should error to what was typed rather than what SwiftKey thinks should have been typed when the typed is a word.<br /><br />And when I try to go back to correct a word,  it has lost what I originally typed.  Since it has no ability to place arrow keys on the keyboard,  I am left trying to place the cursor or just deleting and retyping the word.  Whenever it tells me how many keystrokes I've saved,  I grumble that I am pretty sure it is not counting miscorrections among them.<br /><br />The reason I keep using it is that the deleted space correction (when you miss the space key or hit a bottom row key between words)  is much better than  other split keyboards and deleted spaces are my most frequent typing failure. I prefer Google's correction engine,  though.  I wish I could find a Google port with split keyboard that works on my Galaxy Note 10.1.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|My advice is to do the research before you buy anything.DUH!  Ok the reason I bought this cover is two fold. The first being price. I did not want to spend $45 on a cover. I think that is just too much for a simple product. I paid under $30 and that was at the top of my range. The second reason is the design of this cover. I tried to figure out from the reviews what this thing would really be like when I got it. I will cut to the chase, it is simply the perfect fit for the Fire. It is not an over thick piece of garbage that wouldn't protect the device. There is little waste of space and the design works well. I would recommend this cover to anyone that does want to add a little protection to their Fire but does not want to add bulk. It is well built and should stand up to frequent use.  A SMART BUY!
B005QBKXOQ|5.0|Sure, there is nothing new here, but Break The Spell is like an old pair of shoes, familiar and comfortable. Surefire hits on this album, Crazy, Losing My Mind, Everything But Me, Gone Too Soon, Crawling Back to You, Who's They, Start Of Something Good, Rescue Me and Spaceship, which by the way is just about as good as a song can get, pure pop perfection...There really are so many songs on this album that could be released as singles that you will be hearing from this album for a very long time. If you are a fan of Chris' voice, pick it up, throw it on your MP3 and savour the music and his voice. Recommended.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|this app is awesome...it makes me feel organized and never forgetful (as long as I actually look at it) very nice app
B0055SWM08|5.0|Quell is a beautiful game that challenges you with puzzles in such a serene way, that you actually feel more relaxed as you play. I love it and recommend it for casual puzzlers.
0061784788|5.0|absolutely wonderful, love the whole series! A great book , it is a must read and i couldnt put it down.
B005LY4B0A|5.0|This game is lots of fun and very challenging.  If you like cute puzzle games like Cut the Rope, this is definitely for you.
B005PTQPU0|4.0|First the Bad News: Unfortunately the CD format has made a lot of artists feel the need to do a double every time out.  And I really feel as though this new CD from Kate Bush suffers from being too long, about 16 minutes too long to be exact.  Although I feel like the majority of the music here is very good 2 songs practically ruin it for me.  First, the title track has got to be the worst \\"song\\" Kate has ever put out and I'm somewhat surprised she let this one be released.  On the Aerial record Kate did a song called Pi, an odd song where she sung the numerical value of Pi.  A strange idea that really worked, for me anyway, because the music was great behind what she was doing.  On the song \\"50 Words for Snow\\" Kate counts to Fifty while \\"Joe\\" reads off 50 different alternatives to the word snow.  OK, Kate can do whatever she wants, she is an artist and she takes a lot of chances that usually work, and for that I commend her and admire her.  Unfortunately the musical part of this tune is just uninteresting.  Not only that but it goes on for over 8 minutes by the end it is just kind of embarrassing.  I really am surprised they let this song be released.  The other misstep in my opinion is the duet with Elton John.  It is not as bad a song as the title track but it just seems out of place.  I guess it is a love song the spans several lifetimes, but it seems awkward and forced and doesn't ring true emotionally.  It plods along and 8 minutes later I'm wondering what on earth Elton is doing on this record.    Now the Good News!!!  The rest of the music on this CD is very good in it's own somber sort of way.  That's about 50 minutes of solid music and that is plenty.  I thought Aerial was a very good record and I think this music is an interesting continuation and departure from the style of that CD.  Musically it is very slow and somber and at times it reminds me of Arvo Part mixed with slow somber jazz.  It is not a party record, it is the kind of music you listen to onyour own and chill out while it washes over you.  To me it sounds almost as though Kate is grieving through this music.  She sounds very sad at times and it can be quite moving.  \\"Lake Tahoe\\" is a beautiful song that sounds like Church music at times.  I was reminded of Arvo Part in his minimal piano compositions from \\"Alina\\".  In some ways this record reminds me of the obscure 70's progressive rock band Van Der Graff Generator and I never thought I would say that about a Kate Bush record even though I think it is very cool.  \\"Misty\\" is another somber tune that contains some beautiful piano passages and doesn't seem too long at 13 minutes.  The song \\"Wild man\\" was released as a single.  Wow!, I want to live in a world where this song can be a hit single.  I doubt this would be a hit in Europe, not a chance in America.  \\"Wild Man\\" is the only tune here that even approaches upbeat.  And it is not very close to being upbeat.  It is one of the best tracks here, a weird, sympathetic tale of \\"Big Foot\\" from what I can tell.  Musically it almost seems a companion with some of the tunes from David Bowie's \\"Scary Monsters\\" record.  And that kind of makes sense for a song about Big Foot. So I recommend this new Kate Bush CD, I like it but from now on I'll be skipping Tracks 5 & 6.
B004FOA84A|3.0|fun game but its pretty easy to solve the puzzles. plus its really short. would be nice if it was longer and more challenging.
1451648537|4.0|There was a lot to Steve Jobs, despite his penchant for minimalism.  But what stands out the most to me from Isaacon's biography is Jobs' passion for making great products -- his uncompromising obsession with making everything that he touched as perfect as it could be.  That's what Jobs' legacy is for the great majority of us who didn't work with or live close to him -- he not only gave us incredible, ground-breaking products, but a model of personal passion to produce the thing that is perfect.<br /><br />Isaacson presents more than that one side of Jobs.  There is also Jobs the interpersonal disaster, the narcissist seemingly utterly lacking the capacity for empathy.  As Isaacson says and cites others saying, Jobs seems to actually need to tear down other people now and then, and shows little regret afterwards.  This often-public destruction of another human being can be rationalized as the need to push people to extreme accomplishments, or to separate \\"B players\\" from \\"A players\\", but it is all too-often abused as an excuse for simply being a jerk.<br /><br />Another side that Isaacson reveals is Jobs as complex husband and father.  Given how difficult his relationships with people in general were, it's not hard to imagine that his romantic relationships were difficult as well, or that he struggled as a parent, particularly with his daughters.  His initial denial of his first child, by his girlfriend at the time, is appalling but really not so surprising, given all that we learn about his apparent drive to unfettered self-indulgence.<br /><br />But all of that, as reprehensible as it is, pales in comparison to what I took away from Isaacson's book about Jobs the designer.<br /><br />The \\"product\\" is more than the thing, for Jobs.  It begins with the advertising, the shopping experience at the Apple store, the paying experience, the packaging, then the thing itself, how you use it, how you use it with other products, the support experience, even how you eventually replace the product with something new -- Jobs wanted every bit of it to be perfect. Hence the closed system that Apple both suffers and thrives from.  In an almost measured, wise moment, Jobs grants to Bill Gates that each pursued a profitable course, one controlling the product and the other freely licensing it for wide adoption and multiple sources of innovation.  Of course, when he comes back to himself, Jobs believes and says that what Microsoft produced, by allowing any and all to play in an uncoordinated manner, was \\"crap.\\"  Openness sounds good and plays well in the technology culture, but Jobs' particular path to perfection demanded and thrived on control.<br /><br />What's odd is that, as a person of so little empathy, Jobs could be such a great, almost unerring, judge of what people would love in a product.  After all, \\"perfection\\" here is hardly an objective standard -- it's Jobs' own judgment.  He was wrong now and then -- the G4 Cube or that hockey puck mouse that came with the original iMac -- but his batting average was awfully good.  Isaacson provides a jaw-dropping list, from the Apple II and the Mac, through Toy Story, iTunes, the iPhone and iPod, the iPad, the Apple retail stores, and right up to iCloud.  And he did it all while disdaining customer focus groups or even customer testing.  \\"Our job,\\" he said, \\"is to figure out what they're going to want before they do.\\"<br /><br />Jobs' passion went beyond the product, too, to the company itself.  It's clear, especially later in his life, that Apple was not just a vehicle for him, that he wanted to create a great company that would continue well beyond his leadership, to go on to create great, innovative products, with that same no-compromise approach.  He may not have been a great teacher or mentor, and we'll see how that part of his legacy turns out, but the intention to create a great company that outlived him was certainly there.<br /><br />Jobs has sometimes been derided as simply a skilled marketer (by distinction from Steve Wozniak's technical brilliance), even as a con man, manipulating whole crowds by creating  \\"reality distortion fields\\" around him.  But I think Jobs was sincere. Even when he shilled his products, proclaiming them \\"the greatest thing we've done\\", he meant it.  Why not?  He had made sure it was great, he wouldn't stop until it was.  When he told the Cupertino City Council, while showing the drawings for Apple's proposed new headquarters, \\"It's like a spaceship has landed,\\" he wasn't so much hyping as he was showing his own genuine delight with what he and his architects were creating.  That delight was the payoff for his perfectionism.<br /><br />Isaacson's book won't be the only biography of Jobs.  I'd be interested to read, for example, a study of Jobs as designer (or of Apple's design history under his leadership, finally giving due respect to the contributions of not only Jony Ive but the many others who contributed).  But Isaacson's is certainly a good starting point, a kind of opening to the conversation that others can now take up and hopefully will.arketer (by distinction from Steve Wozniak's technical brilliance), even as a con man, manipulating whole crowds by creating  \\"reality distortion fields\\" around him.  But I think Jobs was sincere. Even when he shilled his products, proclaiming them \\"the greatest thing we've done\\", he meant it.  Why not?  He had made sure it was great, he wouldn't stop until it was.  When he told the Cupertino City Council, while showing the drawings for Apple's proposed new headquarters, \\"It's like a spaceship has landed,\\" he wasn't so much hyping as he was showing his own genuine delight with what he and his architects were creating.  That delight was the payoff for his perfectionism.<br /><br />Isaacson's book won't be the only biography of Jobs.  I'd be interested to read, for example, a study of Jobs as designer (or of Apple's design history under his leadership, finally giving due respect to the contributions of not only Jony Ive but the many others who contributed).  But Isaacson's is certainly a good starting point, a kind of opening to the conversation that others can now take up and hopefully will.
1433502410|5.0|I had used the NIV translation of the Bible as a child, transitioning to HCSB in my late teen years. It was around this time that I began to understand how Bibles are translated, and the differences in them. I decided that I wanted to get a translation that is as close to word-for-word as possible, while still reading and flowing well. The English Standard Version of the Bible fit that bill perfectly. It is highly readable while still staying incredibly accurate and true to the original wording and meaning of the ancient texts.  This Bible is also full of seemingly countless resources. Cross-references, footnotes, commentary, high-quality full color maps, and so much more. It is an excellent tool for serious students of the bible, and also for those who just want to get a little deeper into than before. This Bible is formatted excellently and all of its features are easy to access and use.  I bought this Bible a couple of months ago from Amazon and have thoroughly enjoyed using it since then. It is my go to Bible when I do my daily reading at home (I use a smaller ESV Bible that I carry with me when I am at school or Church), and the amount of time and effort that was put into this resource by world-class theologians and scholars is astounding.  I highly recommend this Bible to anyone who asks my opinion on which Bible to buy and I recommend it to you also!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|This should come standard on all portable devises. Whatever information I save here is instantly available on my laptop, phone, work computer &amp; now on my Kindle Fire.
B005OCFHHK|5.0|These movies are EXCELLENT!!  Of course the books are better, but you can't beat the quality of these movies!!  The story line is magnificent and the characters are SO well rounded.  This series REALLY COMES TO LIFE via Blu-Ray!!!
B005V20JKI|4.0|I got this game for my Kindle Fire.  Challenging and great graphics.  You change characters every time you get a muffin and a lot of the characters are funny.  You will enjoy it.
B005DMNS4A|2.0|I have the gold cd & the original lp.But this is about the gold vs new remaster only.First let me say,this is absolutely one of THE WHO'S finest moments in rock history.This album brings tears to my eyes at times with the strength of the emotional output from the music/lyrics.I played the new cd(a friend bought it)& my gold through a british musical fidelity 24bit cd player & parasound muscle amps w/jbl-sony-polk speakers(blue collar set up).The gold shined all the way.The backgrounds,the bottom ends,Daltry's voice clear crisp;Moon's drumming & cymbals,thunderous and sparkling crisp.Townsends guitar(the background on Punk meets the Godfather just blows away this new remaster).Entwhistle's bass booming. The new cd sounds good but the gold sounds better in my opinion,since the gold is an older remaster and what i've been reading in reviews compares the two.In my opinion,if you have a high end set up,get the gold if possible,you'll here the difference;if not get the new remaster you will not be disapointed.THIS IS A GREAT ALBUM!
B005OOL1IC|5.0|I dont see y people are complaining, this movie was funny! funnier then alot of other movies that came out this yr!... by the way stop basing ur reviews on the stupid ultra violet copy and jus base it on the actual movie!
B004SBQGHS|5.0|this app is so much fun.  I use it all the time. this app is best on a bigger screen
B004UXUUDA|5.0|I first Sarah's Key last year and was captivated by the amazing story. Just like in the movie/book I did not know the French rounded up the Jewish French and sent them to work camps like the Nazi, despite being well versed in World War 2. From this story I learned yet another heartbreaking event in history. The movie displays the book well. It has you hooked from the beginning. I recommend that anyone who wants to read and watch a slightly educational movie they should. The movie brought tears my eyes. Despite being heavily in French it was easy to pay attention to what was happening almost able to understand the actual language. It added something to the movie. Also watching it on Amazon was incredibly easy and the feed was great. Rent this movie for a moving story line you will even learn something along with it.
B004LWZW4C|1.0|Very dissapointed with this product, tried to watch it last night and first the movie would not load and then at the middle of the movie just stopped and nothing would work, luckily I had already downloaded the digital copy, but still I'm very mad at amazon, for not warning me before i gave them my money, since i got the movie a month ago, now I can't exchange it for a refund. Makes me think that the high quality of a Bluray disc comes at a very high price, guess I'll stick buying DVDs instead of Bluray, at least I know my DVD player doesn't need any crappy upgrades that just make it hard for me to enjoy a good movie.
B002BU0DPE|2.0|I've owned two sets of the PX21.  They both sounded great as long as they were working, but they don't appear to be designed very well.  The first was ruined in less than a week when the small plastic connection between the left ear cup and the frame broke.  I purchased the same model as a replacement due to the fact that I was so impressed with the sound.  The second set is less than a year old, and I'm having a few problems with it as well.  The microphone boom has become loose, so I had to tape it into place.  There's also annoying static in the earpieces and it takes adjusting the volume controls back and forth periodically to make it go away.    Not much value for the money.
B005FVA63A|5.0|This set it's awesome, everything in the box it's a collector's dream , I only would have liked if the sunglasses could close, and just a warning the Sydney concert won't work because of region issues, but I don't mind since I already have it on VHS and DVD, but still called customer service and I will get a working copy of the DVD.  WATCH MORE TV.
B000I2JDEY|5.0|This film is the equal of \\"Street Car Named Desire\\"  How Elizabeth Taylor managed to give the performance of her liftime as an aging sexpot when she was in her thirtys is amazing...<br /><br />However, to me the best performance in this film belongs to Sandy Dennis.  To this very day I still believe Dennis was one of the greatest female actors of all time.... Watch the way she holds her body in some of the most dramatic<br />scenes when Taylor puts the make on her husband...<br /><br />I will say though, The movie can depress the hell out of you for it is so in your face with all the honesty that comes from every direction.
B004SBB0LU|5.0|Well, I agree with most of the reviewers on here who say these are by far the best sounding Queen cd's released to date. Crisp, clear, full, quiet, beautiful best describes the way they sound. Yes they are louder than the 1992 releases, but no stupidly louder and their is an openness about them, i.e. they don't sound like Metallica's last release.<br /><br />What you wont find here are louded up compressed to hell vintage tunes with no feel or soul to them. The quiet parts are quiet, the loud parts are loud etc. They sound the way the were originally meant to only better.<br /><br />The second cd is cool, but nothing special. It is however a massive step forward from the 1992 releases. What was with some of those remixes? Were they trying to turn Queen into a dance band? I never understood stood some of those remixes back then and still don't to this day!<br /><br />Inside the ordinary jewel cases you'll find the same stuff you found on the albums with a few more pics thrown in here and there for good measure. Overall nothing special, but all good stuff just the same.<br /><br />As far as tunes go, I like Box set A and C better than box set B. However that's just my take and yours may vary. Box A is killer from start to finish. Box set B has two of my least favorite Queen albums. Both The Game and Flash didn't do much for me back than and still don't today. However I enjoyed Hot Space when much of the population was wondering \\"what the hell\\" lol. The first 4 songs on the game are fantastic, after that it's alright. Flash is well Flash, nuff said! Box C also has some great material on it. The only two releases that didn't do anything for me were The Works and Made In Heaven. The works has a few decent tunes on it, but overall it's lacking in my opinion. Made In Heaven which was put together after Mr. Mercury's passing is what it is, which is a final farewell with songs that were cut and spliced together from old master tapes that had been recorded months or in some cases years before hand.<br /><br />Queen along with Zeppelin are bands that had careers cut way to short by the tragic death of one of their members. These band along with Pink Floyd, Sabbath and a few others are what music is all about. They were creative as hell and deserve to be known as some of the best bands of all time. I don't think you'll find that the bands of today or really the last 20 years will have the kind of loyal following or staying power (to quote Queen lol) these groups have. I'm not sure if it's because they're just not as creative as those older bands were or if it's just because they can't play their damn instruments and thus are limited in what they can do? Whatever it is, they are light years behind those groups who basically got the ball rolling in the late 60's, 70's and early 80's!<br /><br />So in conclusion, yes their could have been more pictures and better packaging etc. However if you loved Queen, you will not be disappointed with what you find here as all three box sets have the goods and sound great.ith Zeppelin are bands that had careers cut way to short by the tragic death of one of their members. These band along with Pink Floyd, Sabbath and a few others are what music is all about. They were creative as hell and deserve to be known as some of the best bands of all time. I don't think you'll find that the bands of today or really the last 20 years will have the kind of loyal following or staying power (to quote Queen lol) these groups have. I'm not sure if it's because they're just not as creative as those older bands were or if it's just because they can't play their damn instruments and thus are limited in what they can do? Whatever it is, they are light years behind those groups who basically got the ball rolling in the late 60's, 70's and early 80's!  So in conclusion, yes their could have been more pictures and better packaging etc. However if you loved Queen, you will not be disappointed with what you find here as all three box sets have the goods and sound great.
B004SBX112|1.0|As with all Angry bird chapters, this one too is mind numbing and tiresome. If it weren't for Amazon's free app, this one wouldn't have had a prayer.
B001EOQWF8|5.0|My son loves this movie. So much in fact he ruined his DVD so when I looked for a new one I bought it on Blu Ray. I enjoy watching it with him also.
B005KMX866|4.0|..the last chris isaak was not too inspired. i know chris is happy and successful but i miss the brooding ,sad , mystery guy. I hope the glen campbell goodtime hr phase is over. this cd has some hot rockabilly and i think of all the sun tribute i've heard (setzer, johnny rivers etc) this is the best. next time out maybe he could do a halloween , spooky record..what the hell ..buck owens did one. ps don't co host with kelly rippa as a regis replacement!
B00009RAJI|5.0|Very little praise can be added to this album that hasn't already been heaped upon for decades. As a completist, I enjoy the alternate takes but, for the average listener, the single CD version is probably adequate.
1250004217|5.0|Because of the reviews that I'd read, this novel had been on my Wishlist for quite some time.  Finally, I downloaded it to my Kindle to see what all of the \\"hoopla\\" was about.  What I found was a tale that grabbed the reader from the very first page, and never let go.  I like to read about WWII, and this piece of fiction gave me some insight into some historical fact that I was, prior to reading, unaware of.  Heart wrenching of course, but nevertheless fascinating, Sarah's Key was that novel I loathed to put down and could not WAIT to get back to.  Well worth the five stars and all of the great reviews.  DYB
1591844096|4.0|Seth Godin's Linchpin absolutely earned the accolades dressing the back cover, proclaiming: \\"This book is a gift.\\" He manages to articulate - and quite simply so - the history of American work ethic that has potentially plagued or country, while shedding light on the future and the direction that those looking for security need to look to. His ideas are so easy to understand, and so obvious, almost, that they will have you scratching your head wondering how you weren't ahead of the curve on this one - unless you were, in which case you are already a linchpin. But for those that are perhaps looking for rejuvenation - whether in school or at the workplace, this book offers not a route to take, but a means for discovering yourself as a way of discovering your potential and the incredible possibilities of a career without boundaries.  Throughout Linchpin, Godin advocates standing out, being different, and exerting emotional labor as opposed to the other option that worked on the assembly line: fitting in. He highlights the transition, as doing a job in a factory that isn't classified as yours could be detrimental to your employment status, whereas nowadays, completing a task or doing a job that isn't getting done is absolutely essential. It's what the linchpins already know and have already been doing, and it's why they're getting promoted. Godin's book offers commonsensical knowledge with recognizable clarity to aid in digestion. His style is simplistic and artistically matter-of-fact, which speaks to his desire to reach those that need to hear it most.  The advice he offers isn't static - it's always going to be relevant and applicable to every position at every company that's begging for a linchpin. Recent graduates might not know how to acclimate to their entry-level job at fill-in-the-blank. If this book reaches them before their stifling by-the-book manager does, they'll be okay. And for those that are suffocating within their profession with ten or twenty or thirty years of \\"service\\" under their belts, Godin tells them that it's never too late. He advocates getting a new job without leaving, by simply stepping up to the plate and delivering results faster, better, and stronger than you ever have. Re-inventing your position within the company and proving your indispensability. He offers up a choice - and it's just that - a choice well within our capacity. It's on us. We need to decide what we want and what we can do to essentially discover who we are and where we can go as a result.   If a reader walks away from Linchpin gaining nothing, than it might be that they're already lost and unwilling to change, having been scarred from the mechanical lifestyle they bought into too long ago. Godin offers a shovel and begs us to dig beneath the surface to our core, to understand ourselves in the new economy and cut the shackles binding us to definable boundaries and unprovoked limitations. You can't help but feel empowered by the verity inherent in his words, recognizing that they have the ability to enhance your life in boundless ways. It seems as though he knew the book would speak to readers in different ways, feel differently in their hands depending on their status and outlook. Designed to be read in slim increments complete with micro-chapters and subheadings ideal for the subway commute to work, Godin gives anyone and everyone the chance to make a change - to run and not look back. His message is simple and necessary: become indispensable.
B004EPYZTE|5.0|Okay I came into this movie with pretty low expectations because the critics bashed it to a bloody pulp. I guess they expect every movie to be some deep mind bending award winning masterpiece. All I can say that this movie is fun and is for people like myself that enjoy detaching themselves from reality for two hours for the sake of pure entertainment. If you like blood,boobs,violence and lots of action then this movie is for you. If not well keep watching Gone with the wind. I have never understood the people that know they dont like this genre watch it anyways then feel inclined to come on amazon to bash it with their negative reviews.
B0053JJLLC|5.0|I loved the book; classic Crichton, although the character development seemed a little...plastic.  However, it's a page turner and I'd highly recommend it!
B003TJ4YUQ|5.0|Amazing CD if you like the music from you-tube then you will love this since its the same music plus it comes with a DVD how can you go wrong?
B00001NTXN|5.0|My 12 year old son received this game as a gift and we have real battles on the board as we try to outsmart each other into falling into a trap and losing a lot of steps towards victory.<br /><br />The object of the game is to move your pawn one space at a time to the other side of the board. The first to reach the other side wins. Simple enough. But you and your opponent(s) have walls that can be placed. Each turn poses a question: do you move your pawn or do you place a wall to block your opponent's moves. The only caveat is that you must always leave a way through.<br /><br />The trick is to plan things out a bit. You can wait until they are almost to the other side and then start to block them so that they have to back-track all the way home. Or you can keep them going around and around. The better you plan, the better you will be towards the end because if you use up all your walls too quickly, you have no way to block and it's smooth sailing for your opponent from there on.<br /><br />I love playing this and can make it as complex or simple as the player I am battling with. Obviously, I don't try as hard playing with my 7 year old but some day, there will be no holding back! There are four pawns so you can play with two, three or four people.<br /><br />A game can be played in about 10-15 minutes so it is easy to play a few rounds before calling it quits. The board is nicely made of wood as are the pawns and the walls.
B0050KTR36|5.0|this app is great! it runs smoothly and keeps escalating the challenge. it is very addicting too! well worth it.
B00424F4JC|5.0|My 12 year old son received this game as a gift and we have real battles on the board as we try to outsmart each other into falling into a trap and losing a lot of steps towards victory.<br /><br />The object of the game is to move your pawn one space at a time to the other side of the board. The first to reach the other side wins. Simple enough. But you and your opponent(s) have walls that can be placed. Each turn poses a question: do you move your pawn or do you place a wall to block your opponent's moves. The only caveat is that you must always leave a way through.<br /><br />The trick is to plan things out a bit. You can wait until they are almost to the other side and then start to block them so that they have to back-track all the way home. Or you can keep them going around and around. The better you plan, the better you will be towards the end because if you use up all your walls too quickly, you have no way to block and it's smooth sailing for your opponent from there on.<br /><br />I love playing this and can make it as complex or simple as the player I am battling with. Obviously, I don't try as hard playing with my 7 year old but some day, there will be no holding back! There are four pawns so you can play with two, three or four people.<br /><br />A game can be played in about 10-15 minutes so it is easy to play a few rounds before calling it quits. The board is nicely made of wood as are the pawns and the walls.
B004FS27JK|1.0|This was already released in 2000 and was called \\"Whitney: The Greatest Hits.\\" Only difference is the cover and the fact that they're releasing the North American track listing to Europe. Nice try, Sony.
B005HSG3U6|3.0|Really would be much nicer to have a tilt option for portrait view.  This cover is effective as a cover but as a triangular prop it actually tips over when I use it in the landscap mode pictured, I have to turn it 180 to get it to work and even then the cover does not slot into configuration positively.  It easily slips back to flat if jostled.  So, in the end it is a protective cover.  It works reasonably well as a one hand hold with the elastic belt across the back of a hand.  I'm not sending it back, but it just rates \\"ok\\".  If there was a cover that propped up in portrait mode, I would definitely prefer that.
B0068TJLSY|5.0|I absolutely LOVED this movie, haven't seen a film this good in years. It's absolutely a must-have for any dvd collection!
B0000046JP|5.0|This is a great addition to my collection of renditions of The Concerto de Aranjuez. It is my soul music and I have heard it done by most instruments and most genres and styles of music. This is a lovely traditional rendition by one who knows the meaning of each note. It is simple and elegant. I recommend this CD!
0380729407|4.0|Ray Bradbury is a master storyteller, there's no denying it. And his style is clearly on display here: a flair and passion for nostalgia he effortlessly imbues throughout this allegory: a morality tale which on the surface seems simple enough but has several complex themes running through it (if one cares to take notice and truly analyze it). The premise is familiar: a dark and sinister carnival, centuries old, led by a Mephistopheles-like character, Mr. Dark/The Illustrated Man, arrives one chilling October morning to tempt the fair people of Green Town, by granting them their deepest and most secret desires. However, as such similar allegories and parables play out, we discover the Luciferian-like temptations are nothing more than a Pandora's Box waiting to happen, and the most unimaginable horrors to be unleashed on the unsuspecting victims. But there are those among us with purity of heart who have the vision to see through such treachery and pose the biggest threat to evil. And therein, Bradbury harkens us back to such a time of innocence, a time of ageless wonder, an almost dream-like time, a time when our very thoughts and passions were at its infancy, and the dark and fearsome world, which lurked in the shadows and deep recesses of our unsophisticated and underdeveloped minds, were still years away at a safe and measurable distance, a time when we were all children... lamentably, a time when everything was a beautiful lie. As in most magical and sensory-leaden fairy tales, the ending is predictable and almost anti-climatic: Yes, good does defeat evil, as it always seems to in idyllic literature, but Bradbury's delivery is rather hokey as Bradbury is prone to get caught up in over-sentimentality, happily exploring the make-up of his past. In hindsight, I had hoped Bradbury would explore the depths of the dark underbelly of evil which lie within all of our souls and our pathetic attempts of the denial of its existence, instead of just skimming its surface.
B0013ND30M|5.0|Was in great shape and here days after I ordered it. My son is loving it and I will order more from them.
B005RUV0NY|5.0|we love the series! we were instantly hooked! we love the scary zombie confrontations! i love darryl's character--a bad guy who puts his badness to positive use. we love the effects! its so real for us that we get scared when its scary, we admire smart moves, we hate some characters, and we get mad at the actors who play the role. kudos to all who made this series! sometimes though, theres a bit much talking. but all in all very impressive.
B0058VA2U4|5.0|It's been quite a while since we had a studio album from Anthrax, and even longer since we had one featuring classic vocalist Joey Belladonna leading the way.  With \\"Worship Music\\", Belladonna has returned to the fold and is once again voicing the legendary thrash pioneers, and things just couldn't be better.  \\"Worship Music\\" is just plain awesome and enjoyable metal that you can't help but love.  Standout tracks like \\"Earth on Hell\\", \\"The Devil You Know\\", \\"Fight 'Em Til You Can't\\", \\"I'm Alive\\", and \\"Judas Priest\\" are practically perfect, and remind you of the fact that in this day and age of cruddy metal pretending to be hard, the original forefathers of the genre still do it the best (mostly that is, I'm not mentioning anything involving a certain band that starts with the letter \\"M\\" and ends with \\"etallica\\").  Belladonna himself sounds great, and while I do miss John Bush on vocals, having the band's classic vocalist here just adds to how awesomely enjoyable \\"Worship Music\\" ends up being.  All in all, pick this up, you won't regret it.
1451627289|4.0|I really enjoyed this book, it entertained me, held my attention and kept me from cleaning but that's what I want from a book foremost.  It did get a little syrupy at times but really, who cares? If I wanted to read something life changing I'd borrow a Bible.  It's a good yarn, it will keep you up past your bedtime and a week behind on your dusting. Enjoy!
B004I8WD6E|5.0|Beautiful Case for the Verizon iPhone 4s. It was kind of hard pulling the iPhone in there. This worth it for any iPhone 4s White.
1401207529|5.0|I read this in one sitting, and AFTER I read \\"The Dark Knight Returns\\"  both are Frank Miller, but this one he opted not to be illustrator, thank god.<br /><br />The Illustrations, by David Mazzucchelli are incredible and really have the feel of the Batman most of us are familiar with today.  This is the first four issues in DC's \\"revamping\\" of characters.  For the most part, it starts from scratch but the nice thing about it is that it does it with the assumption that most readers are already familiar with Batman.  Eg, they introduce Selena Kyle and later show her putting on a cat costume and roaming about at night, they show early beginnings of James Gordon.  I definitely think that Chris Nolan drew a lot of ideas and inspiration from these issues.<br /><br />The story is really good and the illustrations complement it exquisitely.  I could definitely read it several times.  Good buy!
0312430000|3.0|The author, Atul Gawande, storytelling abilities and the examples used made the book an easy read.  I now use checklist in my professional and private life.  As the book suggested, checklist is a good tool to prevent failure due to lack of organization, attention to detail or just plain forgetfulness.  The author is a little long winded but a good book.
B004J4WKUQ|4.0|This was such a fun read for the holiday weekend.  Referencing so many videogames, movies, TV shows, and music that I grew up with and/or knew of and experienced after the fact (like the true geek that I am.)  The audience for this book is clearly geeks who grew up in the 80's, though its thoroughly enjoyable for others, they may simply miss some of the more obscure references. But that's what google is for, right?    My biggest complaint about the book is simply that it ended.  Along with John Scalzi, I'm happy that there is some great, fresh blood in the sci-fi genre recently.  I look forward to whatever comes next from Ernest Cline. Highly recommended.
0321704452|3.0|This was a good read; the techniques discussed in the book are things that anyone can use to become a better public speaker.  The author's, Garr Reynolds, simple tips such as writing down your ideas on paper before you begin preparing your slides or the use of storytelling to communicate your ideas are tools everyone can employ.  There are also great images in the book as well.
B002ZFQD0E|5.0|I had this album on mp3, fell in love with it and realized it was so well produced I had to get the CD to experience the full sound spectrum. You can't even begin to appreciate the album on one listening.  Ms Monet can't be put in a box  because she draws on so many musical  genres, from classical, funk, rock, soul, pop, alt-rock, jazz, Latin, show tune and disco. This is deeply laired and lovingly crafted album that offers up something new every time you listen to it. The arrangements and backing musicians and vocalists are impeccable. Ms Monet is a very intelligent and cultured lady  which shines throughout  the album. She is truly in a class by herself.
B003L77G8I|5.0|Some TV series jump the shark after a few years; Bones may have had it's best season for season six. The last two episodes are game-changers! Anyone who likes Bones MUST see season six.  The downside: you have to sit through the FBI warning, disclaimers, etc. EVERY time you watch an episode. Why?
0670020478|1.0|After reading 50% I find that it contains almost only accounts of peoples way to success. Here's me hoping for a change....<br /><br />...<br /><br />And nothing changed.<br /><br />This book contains stories and references to research and books. If someone hopes to find their Element they will be looking elsewhere.
B0034DGPEU|3.0|I finally broke down and purchased this for Thanksgiving reading.  Ultimately, I really enjoyed the book, the characters, and the development of the story.  I have to admit though, that it started off a lot like another book I have read, so for the first 50 pages or so, I was trying to figure out if I had perhaps read the book already!  Glad I stuck with it.
B0068TJLSY|5.0|Read some of the reviews before hand and became cautious as to purchase or not. Well I took the chance and lest I say I was totally impressed and entertained. The plot line was rather slow in the beginning but moved quicker as characters developed. Every possible human emotion played out seamlessly creating an action packed landscape too a spectacular conclusion.  Fantastic cinema at its greatest.  Worth watching!
B000O8OTNC|4.0|I got this and immediately used it on a few knives I own, works much better than the stone I have. I had to figure out a good way to hold it, I almost sliced my palm open because I was holding it on either side of the sharpeners with my thumb and forefinger. You pinch it in the groove set to the side, and that works well, but makes my hand ache, wah wah.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Well executed, nicely designed puzzle game. You're able to approach the puzzles from different angles which promotes spacial reasoning, and the music is peaceful. I find the whole game experience quite enjoyable. Worth the 99&cent;!
B005ARYDYC|5.0|Loved this MOVIE!!  I liked the new version, but no one does that part like KEVIN BACON did it....just saying!!  And the blu-ray version is GREAT LOOKING!!
1442346272|5.0|If you have the Audio Version you will get a lot out of this book.  20 CD's will fill you with all the nooks and crannies of a life that was   lived by a man trying to leave a mark on history.  Admirable and through ... I recommend this book LIKE LIKE
B004SJ3AXI|3.0|I'm not a big-time Birds player, but this game seemed worth the time. I find it amusing, though Seasons is a bit harder than I expected, so for my 8-year-old brother and 12-year-old sister, sitting down to play Birds is more like sitting down to watch big sister play Birds for them... The only other issue I've noticed is that the game seems to crash quite a bit on my Kindle Fire. It's usually very random, and I've only had to actually kill the app once, but it's a tad annoying nonetheless. I'm glad I got the free version before trying out the paid version. Anyway, I hope you find this review helpful.
B005LRWRZ8|2.0|Well the only songs that stand out for me is track 1 and track 6 maybe I need a hearing test but everyone has there opinon.
B0001I55OC|2.0|If you want to see the movie, watch it first, then read the book.[[ASIN:0345468260 Timeline]]  It is soooo much better.<br />I am biased because I read the book a few weeks ago. I'm sure I would have liked it more if I hadn't read the book. The Punk & I watched it and the whole time he told me to hush.  Apparently, I was saying, \\"That didn't happen in the book\\" too much.<br />The book gets into the quantum mechanics of probable time travel, while the movie skipped over it. In the book, the characters are well written. You don't have to know a lot about them to like them.  They are very empty in the movie because all they do is run away from soldiers.  My biggest peeve was that three of Micheal Crichton's characters were female in the book and the screenwriter had them grow penises for the movie.  The only character to keep true to the book is Marek (Gerard Butler).<br />Even the setting of the war was changed!  All the espionage with Lady Claire is gone.  Oh wait, she's still Lady Claire, only completely different. In the book she is a conniving widow. In the movie she is an innocent spy and romantic interest for Marek.<br /><br />As for the copy I received off Amazon.  It was from a third party.  It stopped three times. The first time, it would not move ahead at the 24 mark.  We had to chapter ahead and \\"rewind\\" nine minutes back.
B0014Z4OQG|4.0|Monster movies are a weird bunch, some are downright awful, some are worse, for the most part they are all terribly cliched and pretty much the same. A monster attacks, levels a few buildings, kills or eats people and must be turned back by a mere few who are willing to step up to it and fight back.<br /><br />\\"Cloverfield\\" has all of these cliches, including characters who do stupid things to advance the story. The difference between those previous monster films and \\"Cloverfield\\" is it is filmed from one of the actors handheld cameras that somehow manages to survive numerous monster attacks, buildings that collapse and plenty of explosions.<br /><br />While the acting isn't all that great there are some legit reactions to the terror and destruction from the actors as they keep trying to escape this monstrous 200 foot tall beast. The monster is somewhat unique looking, the main actresses are very attractive and there are some pretty good effects and great scares in this.<br /><br />There's really not much of a story as after the initial monster attacks, three of the actors go to rescue the main guys girlfriend (Odette Yustman, \\"The Unborn\\"), which leads to some good sequences.<br /><br />There are a few unexplained things as a lot about the creature is kept a mystery, the short running time does work in the movies favor as it was constant action with only a few slow parts. \\"Cloverfield\\" is enjoyable and is certainly a major step up from other monster movies. ***1/2 out of 4 stars.
B0021L8V0M|5.0|intriguing and very exciting! this is an action packed film full of suspence.  It will keep you on the edge of your seat especially the uncut version.
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|\\"Lulu\\", or \\"How To Kill Two Musical Legends' Respective Careers In Eighty-Seven Minutes\\", is the worst album I have ever heard, hands down. It should be said that I am not a Lou Reed fan, I am a Metallica fan. But I've admired Reed's work enough to think that this would've been interesting.  It is not interesting, it is horrible. I do not know what Metallica was thinking signing on for this.  After restoring decades of fan alienation with \\"Death Magnetic\\", a record that easily stands up against their seminal 80's work, Metallica consigns themselves to being the backup band to a former musical trailblazer who's clearly lost his way.   This album sounds like Metallica turned over a bunch of their unfinished demos from the \\"Load/Re-Load\\" sessions (i.e., simple, boring, chugging riffs) to Reed so he could just croak over them in a very acoustic-unfriendly room. The words he sing-speaks rarely match the music, and in fact the music often seems incidental. Or perhaps the vocals seem incidental, it's hard to say what's the most out of place here, it's just all a hot mess.  I don't think Reed even cared what music was playing behind his words, I think he just told the guy in the booth, \\"Cue the next one up and I'll start talking.\\"  I don't know enough about Lou Reed to know what his fans expect from him, but I honestly wouldn't think this would scratch their itch, either.  Reed has never been a technically great singer, but we still know from songs like \\"Sweet Jane\\", \\"Walk On The Wild Side\\", \\"My Love Is Chemical\\" (remember that one? cool little lost 80's nugget), \\"I Love You, Suzanne\\", etc. that he is capable of SINGING. He is capable of forming notes on the musical scale with his voice. He doesn't do that on this record. He talks/rambles/grunts for nearly an hour and a half, often sounding like he's been on an ultra-low-fiber diet for the past few days and is now dealing with that in the studio.    And the lyrics...holy geez, the lyrics...I don't even know where to begin...all I can say is hunt around online and try to find a snippet of the first minute or so of the album.  Listen to the first words Reed speaks.  It doesn't get any better from there, let me tell you.  Avoid this album like the plague.
B003EV6DBM|5.0|If you enjoy Dr. Who.  Matt Smith is a great carry-on from David Tenant, with his own zany style that matchs what Dr. Who lovers have come to expect.  Full of twists and turn that keep the viewer hopping.
B003VANOFY|1.0|The sound on this headset is great, when it works.  I went through two of these headsets.  The first one kept cutting out every minute or so whenever I was listening to 7.1 content.  Stereo was fine, but on 7.1 it sounded like the headset keep resetting and reconnecting.  I went through Logitech forums and behold found my issue there in many threads.  The thing that was infuriating to me is that Logitech did not even respond to any of these threads in their technical support forum.  After I found a possible workaround by hacking the registry, I tried it but this did not seem to have any impact.  I finally decided to return this to Amazon in the hope that it was defective.  Amazon shipped me another headset and I had the new one the day after I sent the old one back.  This headset has the same problem, maybe it's the software driver.  However this headset actually had another problem, the center channels were completely out!  Logitech failed again with this purchase and this time I did not request a replacement for the headset.  My biggest disappointment was not just that this headset didn't work, but that Logitech seems completely disinterested in helping out people with this problem.  I have purchased a lot of things and gone through technical support and I can say, if your company takes pride in its products and clearly is behind the product I'm willing to continue to try and get it working.  In this case Logitech just didn't make the grade.  I have several great Logitech products and I will probably purchase more, but this isn't the first time I ran into problems with their customer support.  I definitely would not purchase one of their products just because their name is on it, they no longer have my trust.
B00003CXA6|1.0|since you haven't actually sent me this dvd I don't know how you expect me to review it. Up to you.
0385737947|3.0|Thomas doesn't remember much of anything about life before he arrived in the Glade. About all he does remember is his name. He woke up in a metal box elevator and when it opens he finds a group of 50-60 boys about his own age (15-18 years old) looking down at him. It seems that for the past two years this group of boys has been living in a gigantic stone maze where cybernetic monsters called \\"Greivers\\" come out at night to hunt. Woe betide any kid outside after dark. The boys do have one saving grace. Their living area, \\"The Glade\\", has a house for them to stay in and the openings that lead to the Glade close at night. So as long as you're in the Glade by the time night falls, you are safe. The leader of the Glade boys, Alby, runs a tight ship, and he has to, or life would disentegrate into something right out of Lord of the Flies. Every boy has their job and function in the Glade. One of the most dangerous is that of the Runners. Each day they go out into the Maze to map its layout, hoping to find a way out. What makes this job even harder is that every night the walls of the Maze reconfigure! I forgot to mention that all the boys have lost their memories just like Thomas. The only way you can get your memories back is to get stung by a Griever and nobody lines up for that prize. Kids that have gotten their memories back never talk about them and get more emo. The boys do know that someone made the Maze. They are called The Creators. But none of the boys know WHY they are there and what the purpose of the Maze is. A new boy has shown up every month for the past two years, until now. The day after Thomas shows up, a dead GIRL comes up in the box. Well, at least they THINK she's dead until she rises up Exorcist style and proclaims \\"Everything is going to change\\" and then collapses back into a coma. In her hand is a piece of paper that says \\"She is the last one. Ever.\\" Things are about to get interesting.  The Maze Runner is a one trick pony novel that goes on a lot longer than it should have. The one trick pony gimmick comes from the lost memory and \\"what is going on?\\" cliches we've seen in countless Twilight Zone episodes and Japanese anime series. The annoying thing about Dashner's plotting is that the boys in the Glade DO KNOW a lot of things about their past lives and the Maze but the AUTHOR doesn't allow them to speak. For example, when Thomas arrives at the Glade and starts asking just simple questions, all the boys just tell him to shut up or even NOT to ask questions! Even when Thomas asks them what time lunch is, they tell him to shut up! So instead of giving new Gladers vital information that might help all of them survive, they withhold it. Dashner has no idea of how to create suspense except to keep his characters from askint too many questions. I guess in Dashner's mind, if the reader doesn't understand anything until the end of the book, it's supposed to be entertaining. It gets old really quick. Really, in the end, the author is using ignorance as his main plot device. What made it even worse was that even when Gladers got their memories back, they had some kind of biological inhibitor that made them go into convulsions anytime they wanted to talk about them. Convenient, Mr. Dashner. The Maze Runner probably would have done better as a short story. I will probably pick up the second book in the series just to see if it gets any better.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|I know people keep saying, 'Its not the same as Band of Brothers', but I actually liked this series better, it doesn't suffer from the stilted writing and directing Band of Brothers did in later episodes. It also captures the horror of the war in the pacific in a way that never has been done justice before.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|Great app! Have difficulty with my standard keyboard now! My whole family has switched to SwiftKey X. Love the themed keyboards for added fun.
B006CUJH1U|5.0|LOS ANGELES - For Record Store Day's Black Friday 2011, The Doors will unveil a limited edition, four-disc vinyl boxed set that spotlights L.A. Woman, the legendary quartet's final album with singer Jim Morrison. The collection includes 7\\" vinyl singles for three of the album's most iconic tracks, each backed with a b-side featuring an unreleased, alternate take of the same song. A fourth 7\\" contains unreleased studio chatter recorded during sessions for this historic album giving an inside peek of the band at work on their final masterpiece.    Numbered and limited to 4000 sets worldwide, the L.A. WOMAN SINGLES BOX will be available exclusively at participating independent record stores on November 25 for a suggested list price of $49.98. For a directory of participating stores, please visit [...]  \\"There will always be a need for indie record stores - and for vinyl. I think vinyl's making a comeback, actually - it just sounds so much better!\\" says guitarist Robby Krieger.    \\"Our music was made with an independent spirit, and we believe in independence - of the mind, the heart and the soul,\\" says organist Ray Manzarek. \\"L.A. Woman is 40 years old, and we look back fondly, with deep appreciation, on 40 years of that special exchange between an independent record store and a customer searching for something new that can open their hearts, minds and souls!\\"    The collection contains 7\\" singles for \\"Love Her Madly,\\" \\"Riders On The Storm\\" and \\"The Changeling,\\" each presented in a sleeve featuring original artwork from an international single release from the era. To complement the music, the set also includes an exact replica of a poster Elektra used to promote the album around the original 1970 release. The poster was designed by Carl Cossick, who also designed the instantly recognizable die-cut album cover used for L.A. Woman, and features the provocative, crucified \\"Electric Woman\\" image featured in the original vinyl sleeve of the album.    \\"Record stores are a place of community; something we as humans desperately need. Yes, the web is an electronic community, but you can't feel, smell, or touch on the Internet,\\" says drummer John Densmore.    The fourth 7\\" offers rare insight into the group's creative process with two \\"Inside The Workshop\\" selections that capture previously unheard studio dialogue from Morrison, Manzarek, Krieger, and John Densmore as they recorded the album in Hollywood with producer Bruce Botnick. The first side features band dialogue from the recording of \\"Riders On The Storm\\" while the second side spotlights the band discussing their cover of John Lee Hooker's \\"Crawling King Snake.\\"    L.A. WOMAN SINGLES BOX provides a first listen to some of the unreleased material that will be included in the highly anticipated upcoming deluxe edition of L.A. Woman, set for release from Rhino in early 2012.    L.A. WOMAN SINGLES BOX - Record Store Day's Black Friday Exclusive  Track Listing    Side One  \\"Love Her Madly\\"  Side Two  \\"Love Her Madly\\" - Alternate Version*    Side One  \\"Riders On The Storm\\"  Side Two  \\"Riders On The Storm\\" - Alternate Version*    Side One  \\"The Changeling\\"  Side Two  \\"The Changeling\\" - Alternate Version*    Side One  Inside The Workshop - \\"Riders On The Storm\\"*  Side Two  Inside The Workshop - \\"Crawling King Snake\\"*    * Previously unreleased    # # #
0756665949|5.0|Purchased this item for my daughter's birthday and she loved it! Excellent quality and full of information. Well worth the price!
B0060V1WJ6|5.0|Emma Stone has really impressed me with the direction of films she accepts and once again, this is another one for the DVD shelf! This movie speaks to anyone who's ever been in love, through it's different correlating stories, right down to some cheesy lines. Young and old, this is a must see movie. This is right up there with [[ASIN:B003H05W0I Third on a Match]].  Great film!
B003EYVXT6|5.0|SPLICE is a cunning, creepy and clever Sci-Fi thrill ride. Did I mention \\"sexy\\"? No matter. If you want a nice case of the Heebie Geebies, SPLICE will not disappoint.  The underlining theme is nothing new. This is Frankenstein told over --but you can forget about gothic villages and peasants with torches. SPLICE's creature finds life in a state-of-the-art Mega Corporate genetics lab. This hopelessly doomed experiment-gone-wrong is the creation of 2 curious and brilliant gene splice jockeys who can't fight the urge to throw a little bit of their own human DNA into the old chromasonal cauldron. Every phase of the creatures development is stunning and even shockingly cool film making. What ya gonna do when your very own monster grows up to be the amphibious, winged, deadly and scrumptious babe of your dreams?  Euthanize her?  Not the choice of our red-blooded American male scientist--or his young wife intent on mothering a child of her own creation.  Things get sticky, hot and incredibly creepy. In the end, nothing good can come of messing around with the laws of creation. Especially in the last 15 minutes of this horror thriller.  This is slick and scary sci-fi story weaving. Its wonderfully first-rate musical score is an unexpected delight.  But I would hate to give anything away. Go ahead and buy this one. SPLICE is one Blu-Ray that is worth multiple viewing and worthy of a place in your sci-fi horror library.
B004FOA84A|5.0|Petty cool role playing game with great graphics and sound.<br />you have to solve puzzles to move on in the game.<br />So far the puzzles are not that hard to solve.
B004W2UBYW|5.0|I am deeply moved, saddened, and inspired upon finishing this book Steve Jobs. I hope readers will experience his humanity and the humanity of his process and  product. Although clearly he suffered from extreme natcisstic personality disorder, he was deeply emotional, passionate to the core, and cultivated selective powerful and meaningful relationships.  I believe he resided at a true intersection of art and science with unique intelligence and intuition and viewed the world in ways that only a very few could share.
B0063IH60K|1.0|Hate apps that are ad intensive and a lot of reviews on here have made it clear that is the case with this app.  Gonna skip this app.
0307593312|1.0|I sat through 3.5 hours of there audiobook. It's slower than molasses. I bought the book because a review compared the author to Phillip Pullman, Neil Gaiman, Jonathan Franzen, and Jeffrey Eugenides. These are my favorite authors but 1Q84 is nothing like those authors. The characters are uninteresting, the prose is flat and repetitive, and the few things that happen that might be called \\"plot\\" are implausible.
B005SV9X22|2.0|This performer is very talented and puts on a good show, but I am of the belief that it is realy a man posing as a woman. Perhaps Lady GaGa is a transvestite and we are all being deceived. I have seen pictures on the internet of what looked like male parts. I'm positive if the pictures are on the internet they must be true, :-) .  An operation would account for the missing parts of recent pictures, but when I look at the face I can't help to think it's really a man, i.e. \\"Dude GaGa\\", LOL.
B003NFM3JU|4.0|I had never paid attention to the Scrooge story until I purchased this movie.<br />Its good on bluray, but really freaking good in 3D.I watched it 3 times in 3 days with different people.  Humbug ??? Its not for everyone though, families and spiritual or religious people will get a greater kick out of it.
B005ORVN1Y|4.0|The new remasters sound wonderful, I like them better than any previously released recordings. Signals in 5.1 is phenomenal!  The packaging however is an unmitigated disaster!  Every single disc in my Sector 3 box set has feathered scratching on the disc playing surface. They either came out of the factory that way or the plastic sleeves are the cause. Either way, this is totally unacceptable. I ended up putting the entire set in jewel cases to avoid any further damage to the disc surface. The plastic sleeves are a joke. The playing surface of any CD should never be in contact with anything period.  5 stars for the remasters....they sound absolutely superb.  1 star for packaging only because Amazon doesn't allow 0 stars which is what it should be.
B0058PJ6NE|2.0|I've used the free older version for the last several months.  It had some very minor issues, but worked wonderful and I found myself using it everyday.  I found myself upgraded to the pro version and now I have nothing.  The app does not download anything.  Installed on a Motorola Xoom 4G, Honeycomb 3.2
0312430000|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed the Checklist Manifesto (I listened to the audio version).  The author captures the listener/reader with fascinating detailed stories.  I was engrossed listening to the stories.    This book has helped me understand that checklists can really help even the most complicated tasks.  It explained that many people may find it absurd to use a checklist just like the doctors did in the hospital feeling that they don't need such a tool.    I also learned something new and that was that a communication task (checklist) can also be used to ensure communication amongst individuals all working together but on different things.
014241493X|2.0|I didn't enjoy this book.  The story starts out strong, interesting, and unusual - a perfect beginning.  But as it goes on, the plot sort of gets lost in the main character's brain.  There are too many times when you can easily picture Quentin winking at you after he delivers a particularly self-aware monologue or poetry analysis.  It's a novel that wants you to KNOW it's a novel - there is no subtlety or understatement here.  The plot (such as it is), the characters, and even the 3-part structure all seem to exist solely as vehicles for John Green's POINT, and he doesn't make any effort to hide the puppet strings.  And you know what?  That's okay.  It's a perfectly legitimate approach to writing, it's just not my thing.  I prefer a story over a thinly veiled collection of metaphors.  Some other things that bothered me were:  -Every character sounds the same; no one has a unique voice.  -On top of that, the common voice is unrealistic.  No one speaks so poetically, with such deep and immediate self-reflection - except, of course, every single one of John Green's characters.  -The jokes were more awkward than funny.  -I couldn't care about any of the characters - I can barely remember their names, let alone anything else.  They were flat, uninteresting vessels for John Green's literary agenda.  (Again, fine - just not my thing.)  John Green is a decent writer.  Not anything to get too excited about, but decent - sometimes even quite good.  What he lacks in skill and delicacy, he makes up for in cleverness.  I'd just rather read a well-crafted story than a mediocre essay disguised as a novel.
081297381X|5.0|Having studied the Bible for more than 30 years, this is as close to a modern-day revelation that I've read. It is about human weakness in understanding what we don't know. Nassim takes a while to follow, being of middle-eastern decent and living in NY (city), but he has wisdom and experience that very few possess. Literally, everyone should read this no matter what taste or disciplines you aspire to, this will further your pursuit like none other.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|ot is a good app but people give it too much credit. verry addicting. as parent a little violent for kids. i need more words so cjfjfnc jfjfjd. p.s  thanks for reading my review hope it helps
B005ORVMT2|4.0|The new remasters sound wonderful, I like them better than any previously released recordings (even the flawed Fly By Night cd which will soon be replaced). Fly By Night in 5.1 is just great!  The packaging however is an unmitigated disaster!  Every single disc in my Sector 1 box set has feathered scratching on the disc playing surface. They either came out of the factory that way or the plastic sleeves are the cause. Either way, this is totally unacceptable. I ended up putting the entire set in jewel cases to avoid any further damage to the disc surface. The plastic sleeves are a joke. The playing surface of any CD should never be in contact with anything period.  5 stars for the remasters....they sound absolutely superb.  1 star for packaging only because Amazon doesn't allow 0 stars which is what it should be.
B001794FOK|5.0|My favorite movie in the world. It sparks just the best area of my brain! I really wish I could do what he could do!
0321704452|2.0|For some reason I wasn't a great fan of this book.  I thought it had too much personal background of the author and the cultural experiences he had.  I've read a few other books on presentations and have taken a presentation course.  There wasn't much new presented here to me.
B0050SYS5A|1.0|So, not only did the tracking get unusably bad... hand movements were inaccurate and it kept saying sensor could not detect the floor (even after multiple sensor calibrations), when I finally took it off, I found it had gouged the crap out of the face of my Kinect!  The directions for the sticker that came with it said that if you were taking it on and off frequently, to put the sticker on.  I put it on and took it off twice, and now my Kinect looks like Freddy Kreuger decided to slash the crap out of it.  I am SO MAD!!!!  Would it KILL them to put some sort of rubber washers on the inside of the metal lenses?  I am definitely returning this, but unfortunately I am still left with a maimed Kinect.  DON'T DO IT.
B004132HZS|5.0|While I wish that the DVD included more special features, this is a series that never stops being interesting to me. The quality of the production, director Paul McGuigan's eye in A Study in Pink and The Great Game, and the extraordinary performances of Benedict Cumberbatch and Martin Freeman, make Sherlock a master class in film/television arts. There are also hilarious commentaries with creator/producer/writers Mark Gatiss and Steven Moffat, and Gatiss/Cumberbatch/Freeman. As a modernization of Sherlock Holmes, the show remixes canon elements in a way that feels authentic and demonstrates the profound love and respect the creators have for Arthur Conan Doyle.
B005I6EVUG|2.0|I saw this cover online and loved the look.  I went to Best Buy and there it was! Purchased it immediately, took my KFire out of my purse and sadly the cover does not actually fit, although it specifically says it was made for the Fire.  IT WILL NOT CLOSE all of the way which leaves the magnet closure completely useless.  I was very disappointed and returned it within 5 minutes of purchase.  Hopefully, Verso will redesign it.
1466208686|5.0|Let me get straight to it - if you're wondering whether to buy this book, stop wondering! This book is the best resource for interview preparation if you're looking for a job in software.  The best part of this book is that it helps you think in the right way. It's not just a list of questions and answers - there are many books out there which focus on aggregating interview questions and providing solutions, but this book helps you develop your reasoning and approach towards solving coding questions. And if you get asked something straight out of the book, you're just plain lucky :D The author has put together a wonderful set of questions that spans pretty much the entire range of programming questions.   I would like to point out that the first few sections shouldn't be dismissed as 'HR' questions - they contain valuable tips on dealing with behavioral questions as well as how to handle various situations that may arise during an interview. They also contain great tips on negotiation and shaping your career in general.  The 5th edition definitely has more content and more interesting puzzles than the previous edition - I especially enjoyed the blue-eyed people problem a lot :D If you have the fourth and are considering buying the 5th edition you might want to first look over it at a store and then decide, since everyone has contrasting opinions on how much 'more' content is required to buy a new edition of a book!  Candidates should also explore careercup.com, which is run by the author - it's a great and free resource for finding new questions and solutions, as well as talk to the author using the chat feature.   The book is structured very well, and split up into smaller modules. So if you're comfortable with algorithmic questions but still uncomfortable with recursion, you can jump straight into that section. It's a great book for students and experienced professionals alike; I've owned both he 4th and 5th editions and it's well worth the investment you put intoit!
B005RJ6AIK|5.0|I have loved Hawaiian music for years...and have missed it since moving to the mainland long ago.  This album brings together the best of the best...including Gabby and the Beamers.  I love having this range of voices and music bundled in one album...brings me back to a moonlit night on the beach as I head into another New England winter.  Saw the movie yesterday...a great job capturing the mood and feel of Hawaii thanks in large part to this soundtrack.  I hope these artists get their due on the world stage.
0439023513|5.0|I devoured this book in a day after reading the previous two books in two days. The after-effects of this series and this book in particular are haunting. It makes you think and reevaluate your priorities in life.
B003EV6DBM|5.0|This is my favorite series of the rebooted Who. Full of delightful special features: extra scenes between episodes, commentaries, Doctor Who Confidential (sadly edited, but still amazing) and I really like the in-vision commentaries because seeing Karen Gillan or Steven Moffat as they watch the episodes is hilarious. Well worth the money, and one of my favorite presents to myself.
1935707590|4.0|Foundations of GMAT Math is the second edition of the book dedicated to a review of basic math principles. If you picked a GMAT Math book and having a hard time with it, this book is for you. Prepare to see pie charts explaining factions, multiplications table, explanations of what a multiple or prime is and how to factor numbers. If you have not faced math (or were afraid to) in the past 5 years, this book is for you. Here are some important facts:   PROS:   - Very thorough   - Fixed all(?) of the previous typos  - Significantly reworked and improved the sequence of topics (now arithmetic is before word problems)  - Added Arithmetic (2nd edition only)  - Great coverage of coordinate geometry   - Helpful and valuable divisibility and exponents section   - TONS of bonus questions online (500+ of GMAT-format questions)   - Have not verified every question, but hoping for quality better than the first edition (had many mistakes)  CONS:   - The book has 500 practice questions but they are not in a GMAT format, rather a math-textbook format   - Massive! Massive (see my images I uploaded comparing it to the previous edition) 500 full-size pages - I think the expectation is that you skip parts that you know   - Some shortcuts (such as diamond method of solving quadratic equations) are confusing to those educated in formal math (but then those probably won't be using this book)   - Easy (i know it is supposed to be), but still - only easy questions   Bottom line: if you are comfortable with other MGMAT books, this book is probably not for you. If you are uneasy about math, give this book a try - you don't regret it. It is fantastic value for the 800 questions it offers. Would also recommend you pick up Number Properties and Word Translations by Manhattan GMAT. If you have purchased a full Manhattan GMAT set of books and hesitating between this book and Kaplan's version, definitely get this one - it integrates better.   For reference, here are the topics covered by the book:1. Arithmetic (new)  2. Divisibility (very helpful!)  3. Exponents and roots - helpful as well   4. Fractions   5. Fractions, decimals, and percents   6. Equations  7. Quadratic Equations  8. Beyond equations   9. Word Problems  10. Geometry (very extensive section)   BB, GMAT 750   Founder of GMAT Club
B003E8P9G0|4.0|This is an excellent book in my opinion. The different p.o.v.s, witty scenes, gripping plot, and the not-so-ordinary relationship between two siblings is very fun to read and perfect for those in desperate need of a good read. But don't take my word for it; go read it.
0439023521|5.0|I enjoyed this book for its fast paced story, endearing characters and setting that lacked the wizards, magic, vampires and other fantasy items that are normally found in books aimed at this genre.  I could easily picture every character in the book and understood their struggles even though it is written in the first person from the perspective of Katniss, the main heroine.  Its obvious that the book is not a stand-alone and reading the follow-on books is a must as the story in this book ends more like a season finale for a TV series than as a book, so if you read The Hunger Games, plan on picking up Catching Fire and Mockingjay as well.
B005HSG3TC|3.0|I am getting a Fire for Christmas and am looking for a good light case. Will probably buy this one but am disappointed in the color selection.  If you are a woman, you can only get pink or the traditional black, white or graphite.  How about a little more color, Amazon??
0439023521|5.0|A client of mine recommended this book. I am not usually interested in science fiction or fantasy but I decided to give it a shot. I was captivated from the very first page. Never have I read a book that just sucked me in to its depths and made me search so deeply within myself. It changed my world.
B0034G4P8A|5.0|This movie single handedly explains how mankind is suppose to represent themselves.  Today guys are worried about being polite, making sure they dont hurt anyone's feelings, and always backing down from any challenge and adversity!  NOT IN THIS MOVIE!  Thor is a prince from another universe where being a true MAN is expected.  After watching this movie, I have extreme urges to go around town displaying my shivilry to all woman, and crushing all men who appose me ( almost like Conan ) just with a touch of class.  This is a good thing, however society these days is full of such wimps, if you say the wrong thing to someone or god forbid you challenge a man to a good old fashin fight where the best man wins, not the best man wins and then the loser attemps to stab, shoot, call his friends or the police and taddle on you for being better then him!  So my conclusion... watch this movie, enjoy it, embrace it, then go to the gym, go get in a fight ( and not a drunk fight ), and then after you win or lose the fight, laugh it off with your opponent and joke about how you never really know someone until you fight them, and gain a friend for life!  A REAL FRIEND! not a fake scared one(s) like you more then likey have now.  AMERICA land of the free, home of the BRAVE! Know and understand those words, you'll enjoy this movie and LIFE a lot more!  5 out of 5 stars.
1594484805|5.0|I Received the book very quickly  before book was even due to arrive.  That was nice as I was wanting it for work.
B005W3G2D4|5.0|I first started listening to Kelly Clarkson about a month ago when I got her very famous song \\"Breakaway\\". As soon as I heard that song, I knew that Kelly Clarkson was one the best artists I have ever heard. I bought this album after listening to all the songs on Spotify and was amazed that for the first time, I had actually found an album where I actually enjoyed every song that was in the album. Normally when I buy an album, there are always one or two songs that i don't care for, but in this album I can confidently say that every song is a masterpiece. Great job Kelly, I would definitely recommend this to anyone I know who likes your music!
B004EPYZUI|5.0|(No Spoilers dont worry) After the first 15 minutes of the movie you understand that something happened but you dont understand what obviously until the end. Even if you dont get the what happened at the end I still think the movie had enough action and crazy visuals to entertain most everyone. Its a movie that makes you think but in different ways and the movie reminded me of \\"An Occurrence at Owl Creek Bridge\\" a short story by Ambrose Bierce. Now if you do not understand the movie once you have finished it then read this short story and you will most likely get it and feel smart and think that the twist was cool because i thought it was! Its not just hot girls and action... thats just a plus ;D
B004EPYZPS|5.0|This reviews is heavy with spoliers. This is a relationship movie. Often summer popcorn type movies have been criticized for lack of character development and this movie, with some exceptions, is creatively different. The relationships in the movie are  interwoven with a compelling science fiction plot involving the sabotage of a military train transporting an alien from Area 51. Once the alien is let loose on this small American town many strange events begin occurring that impact the struggles the human characters are already experiencing.<br /><br />The central character in the film is 14 year old Joe Lamb who lives in a small town in Ohio. At the start of the film we discover that Joe has just lost his mother in an industrial accident at the factory she worked.  As a typical young teen Joe is heavily involved with his friends, chief among them is Charles Kaznyk who is passionate about the zombie movie they are all making on a super 8 camera for a local film competition. The lead actress in Charles's zombie movie is Alice \\"Ellie\\" Dainard on whom Joe has a crush. But this budding romance is the center of further pain and controversy for Joe. Alice's father, Louis Dainard, is an abusive alcoholic and it is revealed that the day Joe's mother died she was covering a shift that Louis was unable to work due to his drunkenness. This fact cause problems between Joe and his father, Jack, a deputy sheriff and the relationship between Joe and Alice also furthers the already strained relationship between Louis and his daughter Alice. The budding young romance also puts strain on Joe's friendship with Charles when it is revealed that he too has a crush on Alice.<br /><br />The conflicts of these relationships play out as the town is under siege from an alien which has escape when the train it is being transported on is derailed by a high school teacher,  Dr. Woodward, who had been involved in secret government projects where the alien had been abused and cruelly treated as scientists were performing tests on it. Joe, Alice, Charles and their other friends witness the train wreck as they are filming their super 8 zombie movie. Soon strange things be happening. Power lines and townspeople begin disappearing along with dogs running away as the military arrive without saying a word to what really was on that train. The military unit searching for the alien is headed by Colonel Nelec who was also part of the team performing tests on the creature in the early 1960s. Joe's father is arrested by Colonel Nelec when he begins asking too many questions. Events take a turn for the worst when Alice is abducted by the alien after an argument with her father.<br /><br />When examining their recently developed film footage of their zombie movie they glimpse the alien creature that has abducted the townspeople, including Alice, and been causing the strange events in town. Joe and his friends proceed to break into the school to find out all they can about this creature by investigating Dr. Woodward's office. Watching films, reading documents and listening to tapes they discover that this alien has been tortured and tested by its human interrogators and its only desire is to repair its ship and go home. At this point the military comes crashing into the school and incarcerating  the kids. While locked in a bus on the way back to where the military has set up camp the creature attacks the bus killing  Colonel Nelec. The children escape unharmed and eventually uncover the lair beneath the water tower where the alien has held the people he abducted and where he is repairing the ship. After setting the people free Joe has a confrontation with the alien telling him its alright ot leave and that he should go. The movie ends with the mysterious cube material repairing his sip and the alien leaves.<br /><br />The cinematography is excellent and the film really captures what it was like to be 14 in 1979. I was about the same age at that and have fond memories of the period. Except for the villain, Colonel Nelec, all the other characters are multidimensional and complex. The relatively unknown actors playing the young kids are very convincing and it comes across very naturally. When they are having lunch together the next day after the train derailment they are trying to discuss the situation but they still can't help but being kids and acting goofy and childlike in their confrontations with one another. It is a delightful scene. I think the stand our performances are from the lead actors, Joel Courtney as Joseph \\"Joe\\" Lamb, Elle Fanning as Alice \\"Allie\\" Dainard, Kyle Chandler as Jack Lamb Ron Eldard as Louis Dainard, Riley Griffiths as Charles Kaznyk. Elle Fanning  particularly stands out not only in the film itself but as an actress within the zombie movie being filmed. She displays that there is deep acting talent in the Fanning family. The movie has a lot of heart and you really get to see inside of their emotions in the film. You also get to see them change, grow and mature because of the events they face.<br /><br />My only negative complaint about the film is the lack of one relationship. That is the relationship between the alien creature and the children and in turn we the audience. JJ Abrams likes the mystery element to movies and wants to keep the alien a mystery and to a large extent that works. Although the creature is revealed, wonderfully created by Neville Page, it is so late in the film that we never really get a chance to develop any emotional connection to the creature. It is this shadowy figure lurking in the dark in which we only get small glimpses of from time to time. Although we do learn the alien's story in bits and pieces along the way more interactions between the creature and the children would have provided more of an emotional connection. If we had more of a connection to the creature the ending would have provided more of an emotional punch. Plus, to be honest, I am a nerd about these things and monster and alien movies are among my favorite types of science fiction stories so when you have such a great creature design and top notch special effects I would like to see more of the creature! But all in all a very good movie by JJ Abrams and one I will watch over and over.nel Nelec, all the other characters are multidimensional and complex. The relatively unknown actors playing the young kids are very convincing and it comes across very naturally. When they are having lunch together the next day after the train derailment they are trying to discuss the situation but they still can't help but being kids and acting goofy and childlike in their confrontations with one another. It is a delightful scene. I think the stand our performances are from the lead actors, Joel Courtney as Joseph \\"Joe\\" Lamb, Elle Fanning as Alice \\"Allie\\" Dainard, Kyle Chandler as Jack Lamb Ron Eldard as Louis Dainard, Riley Griffiths as Charles Kaznyk. Elle Fanning  particularly stands out not only in the film itself but as an actress within the zombie movie being filmed. She displays that there is deep acting talent in the Fanning family. The movie has a lot of heart and you really get to see inside of their emotions in the film. You also get to see them change, grow and mature because of the events they face.   My only negative complaint about the film is the lack of one relationship. That is the relationship between the alien creature and the children and in turn we the audience. JJ Abrams likes the mystery element to movies and wants to keep the alien a mystery and to a large extent that works. Although the creature is revealed, wonderfully created by Neville Page, it is so late in the film that we never really get a chance to develop any emotional connection to the creature. It is this shadowy figure lurking in the dark in which we only get small glimpses of from time to time. Although we do learn the alien's story in bits and pieces along the way more interactions between the creature and the children would have provided more of an emotional connection. If we had more of a connection to the creature the ending would have provided more of an emotional punch. Plus, to be honest, I am a nerd about these things and monster and alien movies are among my favoritetypes of science fiction stories so when you have such a great creature design and top notch special effects I would like to see more of the creature! But all in all a very good movie by JJ Abrams and one I will watch over and over.
B0067QPVD2|1.0|I have to say, and this will be a short review, this will appeal to those of you who love the current rash of remakes and CGI driven horror films. This film has no soul like the first. We were spoiled by a stellar cast, master director, master musician and master of FX, Rob Bottin. Here we have, well, a CGI creature, that we see too often, too clearly, and wouldn't look out of place on your PS3 game. Overall forgettable.  The current movie chart is a lot like the music chart, almost everything is much of a muchness, z-list celebs and poorly executed productions. This is no different.
B005W8SNNG|1.0|[[ASIN:B005JU5JTI Bad Teacher]]<br /><br />This is the worst movie starring Cameron Diaz that I have ever seen!!!  I was very disappointed!  It isn't worth paying a penny for much less $3.99!!!  I hope people read this review before they pay $3.99.  You might as well just flush that money down the toilet, which is where this movie needs to be!!!  What was Cameron Diaz thinking when she read this script and decided to take this role.
B002EDH0FE|5.0|I am blown away. This movie somehow delivers exceptional entertainment value with a smart, sophisticated storyline. Only liberals could hate this movie.
B001UV4XI8|5.0|This movie was definitely the most least-violent Harry Potter movie that has been made, but that was because the first half of the last book wasn't too action-packed, that isn't to say that it wasn't exciting though. It was mostly just having Harry, Ron, ad Hermione run around Britain hiding from Voldemort. But even though it wasn't too action packed, it was still a great movie that followed the book very well. The way that the movie ended with Voldemort getting the Elder Wand was very nice, although I was crying when Dobby died! :(
B000EZMIC4|1.0|I PURCHASED THIS EXCELENT DVD BACK IN 1995 WHEN IT WAS FIRST RELEASED AND THE ORIGINAL CAME WITH TWO DISCS,NOT ONE.  ALSO ANOTHER THING THAT CAME WITH AND MADE IT VERY UNIQUE WAS A RED FLASHING LIGHT THAT WAS INSERTED INTO ONE OF THE SIDES OF THE DVD BOX.TO BE AN ORIGINAL COPY FROM 1995 IT HAS TO COME WITH THOSE FEATURES,OTHER THEN THAT..FAKE !
1400069181|5.0|I knew that it was likely I would enjoy this book, based on what I already knew about Blake Mycoskie & TOMS, (which I already owned 2 pairs of), but this book & his story was so much more than I even imagined it would be.  I was expecting to read about the TOMS story, but never expected to be SO inspired by Blake's journey, honesty, & encouragement, that any one of us can move forward in a similar manner. Blake not only provides encouragement, but also concrete information & ideas about ways to take even baby steps forward, in order to start down a path of philanthropy, while also making a living. I am getting ready to read it for a second time, so that I can take notes & start my list of things to do, to help me personally move down a similar path. I am so grateful to have had the opportunity to read this incredibly moving & inspirational book.
B001PB3RU8|5.0|I bought this years ago, but never wrote a review....just finishing up the new CD and figured I'd give my review for both.  I really like Florence's voice and music, both CDs are from different places creatively.  I am really happy to have Florence in my music collection.
B004FJJGBG|5.0|The Avatar 3D movie is a stunningly beautiful WORK OF ART!  (It includes a 2D version as well as the 3D)<br />I am proud to have as part of my movie collection. I was lucky enough to get on when I bought a Panasonic HDTV this year. But not everyone was so lucky and I know that many people want to purchase this movie. My review is not focused on how great the 3D version is(but it is), you can read this in other reviews, but on how best to go about getting this movie sooner rather than later.<br />(Note: you can check the list of other 3D movie releases with release dates in the FIRST COMMENT after this review)<br /><br />Some of you may want this movie right now and not want to wait until 2012 when Panasonic's rights to the Avatar 3D theatrical version expire(Feb 29, 2012). And yes, that is the only version you can buy right now, the 3D theatrical version. There is no extended 3D version yet.<br /><br />Yes, the prices on e-Bay are high, but the good news is that they are going down or fluctuate all the time. More copies are flooding the market as Panasonic is offering free copies for the purchase of 3D TV's, 3D Blu-ray Kits and Blu-ray players.<br /><br />Seven months ago you couldn't buy the Avatar 3D blu-ray on e-Bay for under $129. Three months ago you couldn't buy one for under $109. Now, as of 11-26-11 copies are daily being sold for auction in the range of $65-$85; but to get these you usually have to bid on them.<br /><br />Don't buy a copy here on Amazon from 3rd party sellers, you have no buyer protection. You can buy from sellers that sell \\"Fulfilled by Amazon\\" but their prices are just too high here right now at $149.99. Some people worry about buying on e-Bay and getting knock-offs, well the same thing could happen here on Amazon from 3rd party sellers. Almost anyone can sell on Amazon these days. e-Bay has a very good complaint process which always works in the favor of the buyer.<br /><br />If you're not that familiar with e-Bay, set up an e-Bay account and a PayPal account and start watching the auctions daily. Doing this obligates you to nothing. This will give you a chance to learn about e-Bay. Prices vary from day to day and week to week.<br /><br />I suggest you set up an account right away because you might get lucky, see something at around $60 bucks and want to jump on it. But don't be in a rush to buy. Make sure you understand how e-Bay works. Also, decide what you're willing to pay and watch for it. If you miss out on one that looked good, no worries, another will come along. Look for sellers with 100% seller ratings and realize that if you bid and win you will be expected to pay for it; usually through PayPal and usually within 4 days.<br /><br />Use your spare time on e-Bay reading through the \\"Learning Center\\", \\"Answer Center\\" and community forums so that you understand the bidding/payment process and go in with eyes open.<br /><br />Another option is craigslist. I see some in my area going for $75-$85. Realize that people who sell on craigslist usually ask a higher price than they are willing to take. Try to make personal contact by phone if possible; people tend to ignore e-mails if they get too many. See if they will take a lower offer, but make it reasonable. Even if you agree to their price, when you come to pick it up, be friendly and ask if they will take $5 or $10 less. Sometimes this will work, sometimes not.<br /><br />Obviously, you can always wait until after Feb, 2012 if this all sounds too expensive for you OR if you just refuse to buy this as a matter of principle. The 3D theatrical version may indeed be available for around $20(doubtful) by then, which will be a good deal. Of course, I'm guessing that's when the 3D extended version will be released creating yet another dilemna for those of us who want to enjoy this movie in 3D.<br /><br />Please don't mark this review down as \\"unhelpful\\" as I'm only trying to help people get a copy of this epic movie at a fair price and pass on what Ihave learned about how e-Bay, craigslist and Amazon work.<br /><br />UPDATES:<br />Observation I made on 9-18-11:<br />e-Bay prices for Avatar 3D are now at $40-$70 if you are willing to bid, watch & wait.<br />\\"Buy It Now\\" and \\"Best Offer\\" prices on e-Bay are roughly $65 - $70 if you watch and wait; if you can't wait they can easily be purchased for around $85.<br />(Your best chance for a low price is in an auction ending on a weekday.)<br />Craigslist prices are fluctuating wildly between $50 and $100 depending on where you live.<br />Current Amazon prices are $103-$189 ---> ridiculous overpricing & no buyer protection unless you buy one of the \\"Fulfilled by Amazon\\" ones. As of today, the only \\"Fulfilled by Amazon\\" one is $189 which is pure profit to the seller.<br /><br />11-27-11: When you shop on e-Bay look for sellers that have a 100% rating and a Feedback score of about 30-100+. These are almost always individuals selling their extra free copies of the DVD. Avoid sellers with 0 Feedback unless you're very familiar with e-Bay. Don't buy the copies that come from CHINA; there's lots of them out there right now. Make sure that the listing description clearly states that it is the 3D version. It's best if you see they have included a picture of the actual product they possess as compared to a stock picture. If you are unsure about a listing ask the seller a question. They usually respond quickly. If the price seems too good to be true, it probably is and you should skip it. You should easily be able to pick up a copy now in the $68-$90 price range. I saw someone that snagged a copy at around $20 recently.<br /><br />3-6-12: THE GOOD, THE BAD AND THE UGLY:<br />THE GOOD: Since Panasonic's exclusive rights to the movie ended Feb. 29, everyone is trying to sell their copy on e-Bay, hoping they are selling it before the movie is released to the public for a lot less. There are over 450 brand new copies of Avatar 3D up for auction right now, so the supply is extremely good.  Right now may be an excellent time to start watching e-Bay/craigslist for deals. I've seen at least 3 sell for $44-$55 in the last week or so.<br /><br />THE BAD: Since Panasonic is no longer offering Avatar 3D free with the purchase of HDTV's, Blu-ray players and 3-D Kits, the supply will slowly decrease, causing prices on e-Bay to slowly start rising again until the movie is released. The question is, when WILL the movie be released? No one knows for sure. No release date has been announced.<br /><br />THE UGLY: If you were expecting a March or April release of Avatar 3D, you can probably forget about that. There are rumors, and they are just that, RUMORS, that the 3D movie may not be released until Fall to coincide with Black Friday. The only upside is there are also rumors that the next release will be 16 minutes longer. So it may be some sort of slightly extended cut.have learned about how e-Bay, craigslist and Amazon work.<br /><br />UPDATES:<br />Observation I made on 9-18-11:<br />e-Bay prices for Avatar 3D are now at $40-$70 if you are willing to bid, watch & wait.<br />\\"Buy It Now\\" and \\"Best Offer\\" prices on e-Bay are roughly $65 - $70 if you watch and wait; if you can't wait they can easily be purchased for around $85.<br />(Your best chance for a low price is in an auction ending on a weekday.)<br />Craigslist prices are fluctuating wildly between $50 and $100 depending on where you live.<br />Current Amazon prices are $103-$189 ---> ridiculous overpricing & no buyer protection unless you buy one of the \\"Fulfilled by Amazon\\" ones. As of today, the only \\"Fulfilled by Amazon\\" one is $189 which is pure profit to the seller.<br /><br />11-27-11: When you shop on e-Bay look for sellers that have a 100% rating and a Feedback score of about 30-100+. These are almost always individuals selling their extra free copies of the DVD. Avoid sellers with 0 Feedback unless you're very familiar with e-Bay. Don't buy the copies that come from CHINA; there's lots of them out there right now. Make sure that the listing description clearly states that it is the 3D version. It's best if you see they have included a picture of the actual product they possess as compared to a stock picture. If you are unsure about a listing ask the seller a question. They usually respond quickly. If the price seems too good to be true, it probably is and you should skip it. You should easily be able to pick up a copy now in the $68-$90 price range. I saw someone that snagged a copy at around $20 recently.<br /><br />3-6-12: THE GOOD, THE BAD AND THE UGLY:<br />THE GOOD: Since Panasonic's exclusive rights to the movie ended Feb. 29, everyone is trying to sell their copy on e-Bay, hoping they are selling it before the movie is released to the public for a lot less. There are over 450 brand new copies of Avatar 3D up for auction right now, so the supply is extremely good.  Right now may be an excellent time to start watching e-Bay/craigslist for deals. I've seen at least 3 sell for $44-$55 in the last week or so.<br /><br />THE BAD: Since Panasonic is no longer offering Avatar 3D free with the purchase of HDTV's, Blu-ray players and 3-D Kits, the supply will slowly decrease, causing prices on e-Bay to slowly start rising again until the movie is released. The question is, when WILL the movie be released? No one knows for sure. No release date has been announced.<br /><br />THE UGLY: If you were expecting a March or April release of Avatar 3D, you can probably forget about that. There are rumors, and they are just that, RUMORS, that the 3D movie may not be released until Fall to coincide with Black Friday. The only upside is there are also rumors that the next release will be 16 minutes longer. So it may be some sort of slightly extended cut.
B005OLF6BI|5.0|Taylor Swift's  \\"Speak Now Tour\\" cd and dvd set is phenomenal.  I first listened to her cd and was glad to hear the concert performances of the fan favorites and covers of other tunes.  I also took the time to watch her concert showing which also turned out to be worthwhile. The following are musical tracks that stood out the most for me from both the cd and dvd: \\"Sparks Fly\\", \\"Better Than Revenge,\\" \\"Fearless,\\" \\"I'm Yours,\\" \\"Hey Soul Sister,\\" and \\"Drops of Jupiter\\".  In addition, the selection of \\"Love Story\\" as the last concert song for the dvd showing was a great choice.  Taylor Swift's \\"Speak Now Tour\\" cd/dvd  combo is best for the many who like Taylor Swift's singing and/or open-minded in listening to country/country pop music.
0743290119|1.0|I was captured by the book cover - it was engaging and promised to be as smart and funny as Weisberger's previous chic read, The Devil Wears Prada.  Wrong.  Weisberger seems to have had one story to tell and Devil told it.  This book is boring and one-dimensional.  I finished it but kept wondering why I was still reading.  Don't bother.
B0007939NO|5.0|Perfect, received in great shape and quick. Very happy. Thank you! Hard to find, tickled that I found it. It wasn't in PPV.
B004XISI4A|4.0|Of all of the ASOIAF books, this was the one I most looked forward to. The title suggested something fabulous was going to happen with Danerys and her dragons, and after A Feast For Crows, I was eager to learn everything GRRM admitted had been left out of that book.<br /><br />Unfortunately, very little actually happens in this book. Admittedly, that's because most of the book is taken up with retelling AFFC from other characters' points of view, but even after all that has been done, very little happens. Certainly nothing happens that answers any of the questions and cliffhangers from AFFC.<br /><br />I feel like characters are safe again. At the beginning of ASOIAF, any characters, no matter how central or important they were, could lose their heads. Now, GRRM seems to have lost his teeth, and is reluctant to kill off any characters, even minor ones, even when it seems to me at least, that thye should have died a dozen times by now (Davos, any one?)<br /><br />Part of GRRM's appeal to me was the fact that nobody was safe from him, but that's been lost now. At one point, a MAJOR character is missing, presumed dead, and I never once feared for their safety. In earlier books, I would have assumed the worst.<br /><br />This book has the same unfinished feel to it that AFFC did. Important characters are referred to only fleetingly, and some not at all (there's no Sansa or Petyr or Samwell, those chapters were written but will appear in The Winds of Winter).<br /><br />AFFC is very tightly focues and constrained, wheras ADWD is sprawling and wide-ranging. I think, having gone straight from AFFC to ADWD, the contrast in the two styles threw me, and as a result I didn't enjoy ADWD as much as I did the previous books.<br /><br />The cliffhangers come a little freely in this book. I've often called GRRM the king of cliffhangers, but that's because I think he is a master at timing them, and resolving them timely as well. There were too few resolutions in this book, and whenthey came, they were incomplete. YI was left thinking \\"Ok, so that character who in AFFC seemed ansolutely certain to die, is alive. BUT HOW? WHY?\\" The resolutions to some cliffhangers were only given a fleeting mention- some only a few words, which was frustrating.<br /><br />The evolution of some characters is disappointing. Jon Snow being made Lord Commander of the Night's Watch would obviously change him, but I think he's changed too much, and he's very annoying. He spends most of the book seeking advice off all around him, then ignoring it and doing his own thing.<br /><br />Other characters' progressions are overly drawn out. I, for one, wish Arya would hurry up and finih her damn training. I spent most of the book waiting for Tyrion to come into his own, and be the conniving devious git he was in the earlier books.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong, this book is brilliant. The characters are all believable and deep and three-dimensional, the plots are intricately woven and the setting is incredible. By the standards of other writers, this book is breathtaking. By the standards GRRM set in his earlier books, it's a little disappointing, especially after such a long wait.<br /><br />If I had read the books as they were released, I would have been waiting 5 or 6 years between A Feast For Crows and this book, and I would have been sorely disappointed.
B005QI4TP8|5.0|I like this CD, its pretty good.  Florence has been busy, 16 songs is a lot to take in all at once....so far I like them all.  The CD won't play in my Corvette's CD player, too bad because I think this would make some really good driving music....  I will have to fix that.  Thanks for the music Florence.
B0051UP5NQ|5.0|I was at a meeting and needed to take notes and of course was pen and paperless. Realized I had dled this faotd, and decided to put it to use. Worked great, won't need  pen/paper ever again!! Also great for opening up attachments to emails. No complaints here!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Buyer Beware--You probably won't be able to put this book down once you start it.  I've never read a book quite like this with twists and turns, despair and happiness throughout.  Highly recommend!  As soon as I finished I really wanted to know what would happen to Katniss, Peeta, and the rest of the characters
B003F3NDWG|5.0|I find the series Castle to be very enjoyable.I am now waiting for season 3 to arrive.I hope the series will be on for many years.
0061537969|4.0|Maybe it's because I have a dog that seems to exhibit human behavior and qualities, maybe it's because Garth Stein is a good author, or, and most likely, maybe it's because \\"The Art of Racing in the Rain\\" is a highly enjoyable little novel.  As you know, I avoid bestsellers, and like [[ASIN:1565125606 Water for Elephants: A Novel]] the only reason I found myself reading this one was on recommendation alone. Also, like \\"Elephants\\" I was surprised at how much I liked this one. Of course, the idea of a dog telling a story seems a bit corny and slightly childish, but Stein writes the part of Enzo so well that you almost forget you are reading from a canine's point of view. Enzo is insightful, smart, funny and you can't help falling in love with him or rooting for him when he tries to express his feelings. The story itself is original as well (there really aren't too many novels concerning talking dogs and race car drivers) and aside from Enzo himself, there is a great slice-of-life type story going on here.  While the majority of this novel is a good read and makes said reader feel good, the philosophical thoughts and ideas presented are easily seen as Garth Stein's. This can cause the presented opinions to come off as high brow and too intellectual. I'm guessing that the main crux of Stein's views is that we should make the most of what we have and enjoy life to it's fullest, but then again, this argument could be seen as totally different by someone else. The main point is not quite so easily expressed.   Every once in a while it is nice to take a break from my novels of bloodshed and horror, and wrap myself up in a book that makes me feel good and \\"Racing\\" is that kind of book. It's original, its funny and while the conclusion is sad, Enzo comes off as more of a hero than anything else. The story is realistic (minus a talking dog) and it's original. If anything, \\"Racing\\" reminds us to find joy in all things, whether it's speeding around a track in a Ferrari or simplytaking a brisk walk in the rain.
B004T4LUPW|5.0|Calengoo maximizes information density in a legible manner, something the stock calendar app totally fails at. Can't function without it. totally worth it. droidx
B0052UZIFA|4.0|I beat all the levels but it was really fun while it lasted. It was both challenging and fun.  Worth it.
B004LWZW4M|5.0|OK to start Franko great. Serkis oscar-worthy (who cares if he is just doing faces of apes) story is great. Plot done before but a freshness added to it. The way that the plot is forked and turns into 2, was brilliant. I payed 8$ and i felt like i stole from the theater IT WAS THAT GOOD. I have pre ordered the DVD/Blu ray already. BEST MOVIE I'VE SEEN IN FOREVER
B004VPAXHU|4.0|This CD takes you on an intense and mystical ride. The CD feels like a play is being enacted in front of you.  The songs are very visual and you can \\"see\\" the escalation.  The instruments are wonderful. The strong strokes of the cellos and the little ticklingof the piano keeps on various songs.  \\"And Dream of Sheep\\" has this light delicate playing of the piano with suttle pauses and the sounds of heavy sound thunder every so often, for effect. This is a CD to enjoy while lying in down with great sound muffling head phones.  You can close your eyes and enjoy how different instruments come and go in each song. \\"Running up the Hill\\" has to be my favorite of this CD.  The strings are delightful and galvanizing while the rest of the music gallops up that hill. \\"Waking the Witch\\" is startling after listening to the more mellow songs before it. Try it, you will see what I mean. That song is a little dificult to describe. It has an interesting backbeat.
B00009Z576|1.0|This album cracked me up.  I stopped buying YES an album or two before this was originally released.  Thought I'd see what I missed way back then.  What a hoot!  It sounds like a STYX tribute band!  That \\"camera camera\\" tune was side-splitting but I'm sure it wasn't supposed to be hilarious.  Greasy kids' stuff I tells ya!  They say you can never go home.  Sometimes you should not even try.  What a riot!
1451627289|5.0|Stephen King demonstrates wonderful mastery of storytelling craft.  11/22/63 overwhelms and absorbs the attention from the beginning.  The time travel concept was beguiling, and the characters aroused a constant need for reader attention.  King makes no secret of his skill, his characters \\"Just tell what happened.\\"  Keep in mind this is Stephen King, whose stories are reliably macabre.  Some events display a sadism so severe the characters could not recover in real life in time to maintain the action as written.  As a result of King's style, I avoided for years reading anything King has written since his first few novels.  A while back, I stumbled across a copy of his nonfiction work On Writing.  It reminded me of his excellence as a storyteller.  English class was a snore for many of us, but his stories about teaching  high school English were fascinating.  King adds details of the Kennedy story that never got much attention at the time.  But the book as a whole is a masterpiece of intertwined stories.  It's not just about Kennedy, but about the righting of wrongs, caring for those who need help, seizing opportunities that can't be avoided, nurturing love where it grows, and the life stories of the main characters.  Except for a few scenes of violence where the good guys lose, King's story constantly rewards the reader's attention.  It took some thinking to decide on five stars for 11/22/63.  The love story clearly pushes the boundaries of an R rating so this story isn't appropriate for early teens.  No other action horror story I've read this year comes close to this one.  Yet the over-the-top violence troubled me.  Upon reflection, much of the trouble comes not from the uniqueness of the violence, but from the realism of the characters and my affection for them.  To rate this story less than five stars means I should take stars away from most of the other fiction I've read this year.  After 11/22/63, my reaction to King's style will probably be to read a lot lessof the thinly developed action adventures his competitors offer.  11/22/63 is among the best fiction I've read this year.
B0055SWM08|4.0|great app...didn't give it 5 stars only because the video skips a bit...was joy perfectly smooth.  It might be something exclusively with the Fire.
B004EPYZPS|5.0|So, i just saw this movie today, and i loved it. The Story follows a group of kids making their own movie while some really weird things start to happen on their small town. I liked it because it was original and not that predicitable. I kno when a movie is too predictable b/c my dad starts to say whats going to happen but that never happened. I liked that is was intense but not scary A GRAET MOVIE FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY (OR FOR YOURSELF)
B005V20JKI|4.0|well I could say something useful but I'm just stuck in this screen and figured giving a review might get me out
0307593312|1.0|I've read everything else written by Murakami that is available in English, and enjoyed all of his previous books, but this book made me think that either he's lost his touch as an author, or that someone else wrote it for him (or with him), just as one of the main characters in 1Q84 rewrites a mysterious and mystical book for one of the other main characters. If you're already a Murakami fan, you can probably grunt your way through this tedious, badly written, overly long chunk of fiction. If you're not a Murakami fan, I'll bet you're going to delete it from your Kindle or resell your paper copy long before you finish it.  I did read the whole thing because I was hoping that Murakami could somehow breathe a bit more life into his own characters as well as make sense of the plot, but he didn't, and I barely made it to the end.
B006ANJ4BW|5.0|Well worth the time and money (and in my opinion better than the first). Jason Momoa made a great barbarian (not to mention he is very easy on the eyes lol). If you liked the first Conan, and like those kind of action movies, then you will not be disappointed.
B0055V6EZE|5.0|I got this CD for my dad and he was so happy about it! He's been playing it in his car ever since he got it!
B000KKPN5C|4.0|I love the compact design and that ease of use of the flash. I like the fact that it uses batteries. I like how you can bounce the flash in such a small flash. Pretty great flash for the price. Some things I don't like though is there are only 3 angles to bounce the flash. wish it had more. also don't expect it to do a great job in really large rooms with high ceilings (i.e.: church, anywhere above a 15 ft ceiling pretty much). But for the price you can't beat it.
B002N5N4M6|5.0|This has got to be one of the funniest shows out there now, and to own one of the many seasons to come is a relief in the fact that comedy is still here.
1451648537|5.0|This is one of the best biographies I have ever read. It is an extremely long and thorough description of Steve Job's life, but is never dull or boring. It goes deep into Steve's life and past, and shows what made him so unique, and also illustrates the madness and brilliance that goes into Apple's products. A must read to learn about one of the most influential individuals of history.
B0050QV0RQ|5.0|Nice. Great game all around and good story. Controls are simple and function well. Had no real issues and the game is simple enough to not need to devote your full attention but you will get sucked into it.
B005V20JKI|5.0|kindle fire. best game on the market. I love it. entertaining for hours but not so addictive it cant be put down if you need to do something. absolutely perfect.
B000LT2IHI|1.0|The screws that are supposed to connect the feet keep falling out.  A huge choking hazard!  The head of the giraffe is very hard and heavy.  Another dangerous feature since this toy tips if a child pulls up on it.
B003WTE886|5.0|Pro's:<br /><br />\\"Mine\\" narrates the tale of a young woman who's scared to open her heart because of her \\"parents' mistakes.\\" When she does so, she's delighted and surprised to find lasting love with someone who's committed to overcoming conflict. \\"Back to December\\" (written for Twilight star Taylor Lautner), apologizes for breaking his heart (\\"You gave me all your love and all I gave you was good-bye/So this is me swallowing my pride/Standing in front of you saying I'm sorry for that night\\").<br /><br />Turning the tables but still making a good point, \\"Dear John\\" takes singer John Mayer to task for manipulating her (\\"Don't you think 19's too young to be played by/Your dark and twisted games when/I loved you so?\\"). Taylor regrets not taking friends' advice regarding the notorious lothario (\\"I ignored [it] when they said/Run as fast as you can\\"). \\"Haunted\\" finds her pleading with a former beau to believe \\"I still mean every word I said to you.\\" \\"Last Kiss\\" wishes an ex well.<br /><br />\\"Mean\\" vulnerably expresses how much a music critic's words have hurt her. \\"Innocent\\" extends an olive branch to Kanye West, who infamously interrupted Taylor's acceptance speech at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards. Taylor insists that there's space for second chances, that his selfish choice doesn't have to define him (\\"Every one of us has messed up too/ ... Today is never too late to/Be brand new/ ... Who you are is not what you did\\"). \\"Never Grow Up,\\" a tearjerker in the vein of Harry Chapin's \\"Cat's in the Cradle,\\" has Taylor reflecting on getting her first apartment and how her parents must feel as they think back upon the innocence of her early years.<br /><br />I question this later, but if we take Swift at her word on \\"Speak Now,\\" a woman's insistence upon breaking up a wedding in order to deliver an ex-boyfriend from a lifetime shackled to the wrong mate is a brave choice.<br /><br />Con's:<br /><br />\\"Mine\\" implies a girl spends nights at her boyfriend's place (\\"There's a drawer of my things at your place\\"). \\"Sparks Fly\\" describes a paramour as \\"kind of reckless\\" and \\"a bad idea\\" who invites a woman upstairs (\\"It's just wrong enough to make it feel right/ ... Gonna strike that match tonight/Lead me up the staircase\\"). \\"Last Kiss,\\" allegedly written about Joe Jonas, hints at \\"sleepovers\\" too when it mentions \\"watch[ing] your life in pictures like I used to watch you sleep.\\" \\"Better Than Revenge\\" bristles with vituperative venom as Taylor hisses at a boyfriend stealer (supposedly Jonas' first post-Taylor girlfriend, Camilla Belle), \\"She's not a saint, and she's not what you think/She's an actress/But she's better known for the things she does on the mattress.\\" Taylor obviously relishes the chance to unleash her lyrical lambaste here: \\"She should keep in mind/There's nothing I do better than revenge.\\"<br /><br />That penchant for wishing enemies ill also turns up on \\"Mean,\\" where Taylor fantasizes about a critic's future (\\"And I can see you years from now in a bar/ ... Washed up and ranting about the same old bitter things/Drunk and grumbling on about how I can't sing\\"). Likewise, Taylor unsheathes her claws when she says a bride's dress is \\"shaped like a pastry\\" on \\"Speak Now.\\" Taylor insists that the woman is an insufferable bridezilla, but it's also possible to interpret the singer's insistence upon breaking up the wedding of her ex-boyfriend as self-centered payback--especially because of the kinds of things she says on other songs.<br /><br />Overall, This album is highly recommended to any T-Swizzle fan!!<br /><br />***Pro's and Con's by PluggedIn.com. Not my own review!!***a paramour as \\"kind of reckless\\" and \\"a bad idea\\" who invites a woman upstairs (\\"It's just wrong enough to make it feel right/ ... Gonna strike that match tonight/Lead me up the staircase\\"). \\"Last Kiss,\\" allegedly written about Joe Jonas, hints at \\"sleepovers\\" too when it mentions \\"watch[ing] your life in pictures like I used to watch you sleep.\\" \\"Better Than Revenge\\" bristles with vituperative venom as Taylor hisses at a boyfriend stealer (supposedly Jonas' first post-Taylor girlfriend, Camilla Belle), \\"She's not a saint, and she's not what you think/She's an actress/But she's better known for the things she does on the mattress.\\" Taylor obviously relishes the chance to unleash her lyrical lambaste here: \\"She should keep in mind/There's nothing I do better than revenge.\\"   That penchant for wishing enemies ill also turns up on \\"Mean,\\" where Taylor fantasizes about a critic's future (\\"And I can see you years from now in a bar/ ... Washed up and ranting about the same old bitter things/Drunk and grumbling on about how I can't sing\\"). Likewise, Taylor unsheathes her claws when she says a bride's dress is \\"shaped like a pastry\\" on \\"Speak Now.\\" Taylor insists that the woman is an insufferable bridezilla, but it's also possible to interpret the singer's insistence upon breaking up the wedding of her ex-boyfriend as self-centered payback--especially because of the kinds of things she says on other songs.  Overall, This album is highly recommended to any T-Swizzle fan!!  ***Pro's and Con's by PluggedIn.com. Not my own review!!***
0395645662|5.0|Jonas lives in a perfect world. Everything in the world has been carefully planned and designed and carried out to make the world perfect. Each family has exactly one boy and one girl. All children get a bicycle at nine, no sooner, no later. At dinner, each family member brings up the feelings of the day; at breakfast, each family member relates his dreams. All families. Every day.<br /><br />Twelve is the big year, the year each child will be assigned his job, the perfect job just for him. Jonas is eager, though perhaps a little anxious, to turn twelve and learn what his role in his society is to be.<br /><br />He is shocked to learn that he is to become the Receiver of Memory, the one person in the society who holds all the memories, both good and bad, happy and sad, of the past in his head. He is given special privileges: he can ask any questions he wishes of anyone and he can lie. He studies with an old man, the former Receiver of Memory, a man who asks Jonas to now call the Giver.And the Giver does given memories to Jonas: color, snow, the sky, families, pain, and - most powerfully - love.<br /><br />As Jonas learns the black truths behind the perfect world he lives in, he and the Giver realize it is up to them to change this perfect world.
B005Y9B5UG|5.0|Me ha encantado este DVD como todo lo de Shakira, muy bien producido y ella tan natural, autentica, tal y como ella es........Lo recomiendo que lo adquieran......Alfredo Pena
0783240287|5.0|This movie was shipped promptly and it plays wonderfully.  The music and the presentation will appeal to adults and children alike.  Note to parents with small children some of the costumes are a little racy but bear in mind that is just my opinion and I tend to be conservative.  By todays standards they are fine.  I believe that this movie can be enjoyed by all ages.
B005V20JKI|5.0|i truely love this game, it has hours of fun gameplay.<br />i cannot recommend it enough.  the only issue i have is turning into the bull can be frustrating.
B005QPMB2Y|5.0|I have been using IP Cam Viewer for over a year and a half.  I have never seen a more active developed app out there.  I use the pro version and monitor all my cameras that I have available.  Some of the cameras I have are pretty old, but this app works with it just fine.  I have a few cameras with audio, that also works fine; however, if I do not have good data (3G/4G) reception on my phone, then the audio/video can get choppy, but that has nothing to do with the app.  When there is a great connection, then the video/audio quality is great!  I use the app on almost a daily basis - even from out of the county.  This is one of my most used apps.
0316017930|5.0|Gladwell loves a good story. And he's such a good storyteller that the reader can't help being carried along with his ideas. I read and loved Blink. I read and loved The Tipping Point. Now I've read and loved Outliers.<br /><br />But are any of these valid if they are studied carefully and scientifically, rather than anecdotally? Outliers seems grounded in basic American common sense: People are successful when they work hard. (And, it helps, when circumstances are fortuitous for their success, he adds.) I'm still thinking, hard, about the last chapter, which concludes with a study done on students' reading and math acquisition over the summer months and during the school year. The study splits up children according to their SES: low, medium, and high. Here's the startling conclusion: low and middle SES kids learn MORE during the school year than high SES kids. Odd. And, further, in the summer, low SES kids learn little or even lose ground while high SES kids make tremendous gains.<br /><br />Gladwell certainly knows how to tell a good tale.
B00005OMTT|5.0|I had recieved this cd in a fairly decent amount of time from when I had purchased it.  I would recommend purchasing from this person for everything that was described from the merchant arrived @ my house.  Greatly appreciated and would buy from this person again..
B005KMX866|5.0|Chris Isaak and his love for Sun recordings has done it again.  This album is Chris at his best; doing what he loves the most, which is to sing all the great Sun recordings from the past, but it's also a fresh look at the great hits of the 50's.  Chris and the Silvertones add their own original renderings of the great founding songs of the start of rock-n-roll.  This is one great-sounding CD of rock songs with clear sounds and a rhythm to dance to.  The two disc set is well worth the money as both discs reflect Chris vibratone sounds faithfully. Fun for all ages.  Looking forward to his next CD set.  [[ASIN:B005KMX866 Beyond the Sun (2CD)]]
B005FVA3LK|5.0|I cannot believe what crap I am reading in these Amazon reviews.  Why don't all the critics of this awesome boxset, try and put together 10 discs themselves, from material 20 years old, with some that is quite rare and then print a great book, print a great box to carry it all in for less than $150!  With all of the bitching and moaning I am reading, it is no wonder that many other countries think pretty poorly of the English speaking world. I received my set last week after waiting for it to be released and I love it!  This is one of my Top 10 albums and contrary to what some people have written, I do not actually own every scintilla of product that U2 released between 1990 and 1993, and so therefore I appreciate all the extras. BTW, I own the Sydney concert on VHS, so I am looking forward to watching the concert that I attended, with crystal clear picture and sound now on DVD.  Can all the whingers go somewhere else to unload..... don't complain about this amazing boxset!!
B0041T4ML4|5.0|This is one of the best books I've read in a long time. I liked the story, I liked the pace of the book and I liked the ending.  It's true that the characters aren't really \\"lovable\\" and you really never know for sure who to root for but they're fascinating characters and you always want to know more about them and what they're going to do. I really enjoyed this book and I highly recommend it.
0142000671|5.0|Lenny and George are friends who travel together, looking for work during the Great Depression in America. George is world wise and street smart but Lenny is slow and nave. George and Lenny have struggles finding work and Lenny, because of his limited intelligence, is always struggling to keep from jeopardizing the jobs the men find. Despite their struggles, George and Lenny have big dreams, dreams of getting their own place and living off the \\"fatta the land.\\" Lenny and George find work on a ranch, but within hours of arriving, the men are worried about keeping their jobs. The owner's son is a small man who is always looking for a fight. In addition, the owner's son's wife is a flirt, inciting her husband's raging jealousy and anger. And it is not long before trouble comes.A powerful story, with vivid characters and rich symbolism. One of my favorite reads of all time.
1594744769|2.0|What really made me buy this book, as I'm sure it did for others, were the pictures. They're beautiful and weird and artsy, I love them. They offered such a weird and borderline demonic nature to the book, I expected a story of troubled children misunderstood by the world. I got that, kind of. The children have weird abilities, but for the most part they're normal, which I guess is ok? It wasn't what I was expecting though. Why are kids feeding ribbons into each other's mouths? What was the importance of a little girl seeing double in her reflection? They have gorgeous photos for these children, but these intriguing children's stories are never explained. All in all I was just disappointed that this book turned out to be a Lightening Thief wannabe. I wanted a story that truly made me go \\"WHAT?\\" Don't go for this one if you want a good story. However, I am definitely keeping it for the eerie and beautiful pictures. Go to a bookstore and look through those.
B004VD3YIM|5.0|This camera viewer is the best!!!! I definetely recommend it!!!! so worth the $4 the free version is good too
B005LRWRZ8|4.0|At first you don't know what to think, then the album grabs you, the next thing you know, you can't put it down. I thought it might be a 3 star album at first, but I think it deserves 4, slightly better than the last 2 albums from Megadeth. There are at least 5 songs that I've listened to over and over again (\\"Black Swan\\", \\"Wrecker\\", \\"Millenium\\", \\"Deadly Nightshade\\", \\"13\\", \\"We the people\\"). As always Dave Mustaine has some great messages in his lyrics. Look forward to the concert.
0452289963|3.0|It would be easy to belittle this book, with its sixties feel and its you-can-do-it attitude and its mystical all-religions-are-one philosophy. It is easy to be cynical in the face of such idealism. Let's hope Tolle doesn't disappoint us later with tell-all revelations.I found much to like in this book, if one can overlook its flaws. Tolle is just a person, not a prophet, for one. I'd like to take the good parts from this book, just like I take from Socrates, not as if he is Moses carrying the Ten Commandments.And here is what I took away: Ego is killing our world. We must step back and look at the world from a bigger perspective. We must set aside our thoughts of taking everything we can get as what is due to us. We must live in the now, not in the anxiety-filled world of what has already happened or the fear-filled world of what might happen.
1451648537|5.0|Loved this book. Walter Isaacson tells it like it is with the good and the bad. The character (Steve Jobs) is real but inspiring in these pages. Recommend it to everyone.
0439023491|3.0|Okay, are the Hunger Games an amazing piece of art and one of the best trilogies ever written?  NO.  Is it addicting to the point where you can't put it down until you finish?  Yes.  The books ARE exciting and captivating, and that takes talent.  On the other hand, it's not too difficult to captivate an audience when you are writing about children killing each other in warped death games.  That's pretty dark and weird stuff, and that tends to grab people.  When I first read the description of the book, I thought it was a re-make of Battle Royale or something, but it's just a very similar premise.  Battle Royale is a lot better though.<br /><br />There are going to be major first book spoilers, because I'm assuming you already read it.  When I downloaded the first book to my Kindle, I borrowed it from the lender's library.  I was so intrigued by it being a #1 seller and its premise with good reviews that I borrowed it immediately.  I actually didn't know it was considered a young adult book until about mid-way through.  If I did, I probably would have never borrowed it.  The problem with dramatic books made for young adults is that most are obviously a toned down version of real life, and they FORCE you to love the main character.  They have the obvious/good bad characters and they basically tell you who is bad and good and who you should be rooting for.  Actually, this is done in a LOT of adult books as well, but it seems to glare at me even more in young adult novels.<br /><br />IN REAL LIFE -<br /><br />There is no real way to define people as good or bad.  I understand Collins want to be moral when writing for a younger audience, but these are books about CHILDREN KILLING EACH OTHER IN AN ARENA UNTIL ONE SURVIVES.  Can Katniss please face some real moral dilemmas in the arena instead of her always being perfect, always making the right decisions, and always making kind, logical decisions under TERRIFYING conditions that would put people into shock and make them act in ways they never thought were possible?  If you didn't notice, Katniss only kills in the first book if it is in absolute self-defense.  And the other tributes who she becomes so fond of, especially Rue, all conveniently die before the end so that Katniss doesn't have to deal with that issue.  She never faced any severe moral dilemmas, and that really frustrated me.  The book had SO much potential.  Collins could have really given a hard, deep look into the human psyche and the book could have been so powerful.  Even if it was tragic, even if Katniss made decisions that may have seen as immoral or show lack of character at times, that still doesn't mean the readers would hate her.  Actually, they might like her more because she would seem more human.  I prefer books where the characters act like people (not always good, not always bad), and we as readers can interpret ourselves how we feel about them.<br /><br />In the second book, the Capitol is infuriated with Katniss for what her and Peeta did in the arena.  They found it to be a symbol of defiance and were terrified of a rebellion, and they wanted Katniss to fix it.  She was almost an icon of Capitol resistance (her and her Mockingjay), and the Capitol either want Kat to fix it, or they want her to pay for it.  That feels right to me - one person is often the cause of revolutions.  But the way they made her pay for it and the way the government acted didn't really make a lot of sense.  While always so perfectly cunning in the first book, they act like a bunch of idiots in this one, and I think it was just a way for Collins to make parts of the story happen.  Lots of dei ex machina in this book.<br /><br />And once again, we are faced with Katniss always finding herself in convenient situations where she doesn't really face any true test of her conceived notion of moral character, although she does contemplate it a lot.  Now, the book is not BAD.  It IS captivating, it is interesting, and I honestly think thelove triangle thing between Peeta and Gale is a great storyline.  I don't find it cheesy and contrived, and I really believe Katniss is acting human in these parts of the book.  Some of the other characters in this book are also really great, particularly Haymitch.  There are a lot of layers to him.  Cinna, on the one hand, I feel is one-dimensional and dull.  Didn't see a lot of promise in that one.<br /><br />I guess I am just frustrated with the missed potential this book had.  It was entertaining, but it was not gritty and real enough for a book on this subject.  Everything about Katniss was black and white, and I honestly think Collins didn't have to guts to write this book in the way she knew it should be written.  Maybe she was just worried about upsetting people since it is a sort-of young adult novel, but I think it was more than that.  I definitely think she is capable though.  At times in the book I was very moved, especially as I said before, with her relationships with Gale and Peeta.  She is definitely a talented writer and has a way with words.<br /><br />Collins had the ability to make this a masterpiece, but I don't think she had the guts.  Entertaining book though - I read it straight through.  Would recommend for entertainment purposes, but don't expect anything groundbreaking.love triangle thing between Peeta and Gale is a great storyline.  I don't find it cheesy and contrived, and I really believe Katniss is acting human in these parts of the book.  Some of the other characters in this book are also really great, particularly Haymitch.  There are a lot of layers to him.  Cinna, on the one hand, I feel is one-dimensional and dull.  Didn't see a lot of promise in that one.<br /><br />I guess I am just frustrated with the missed potential this book had.  It was entertaining, but it was not gritty and real enough for a book on this subject.  Everything about Katniss was black and white, and I honestly think Collins didn't have to guts to write this book in the way she knew it should be written.  Maybe she was just worried about upsetting people since it is a sort-of young adult novel, but I think it was more than that.  I definitely think she is capable though.  At times in the book I was very moved, especially as I said before, with her relationships with Gale and Peeta.  She is definitely a talented writer and has a way with words.<br /><br />Collins had the ability to make this a masterpiece, but I don't think she had the guts.  Entertaining book though - I read it straight through.  Would recommend for entertainment purposes, but don't expect anything groundbreaking.
B005ELZKWS|5.0|Don't be fooled, this is a great album, has a rythm and blues feel to it, the lyrics are cool. You can feel these guys had fun writing this album. Completely disagree with the 1 Star ratings or for that matter anything less than 3 stars, some people have anger issues. The music is great, definitely better than some of the older Sammy albums. It's a bit different, laid back, it's all Sammy Hagar material here, nothing surprising, and in no way are these guys selling on their big names alone... can't wait to see them again in concert.
B0068TJLSY|4.0|It was like watching stand by me mixed with war of worlds. While each has its charm, it was a nice movie with great characters with an alien backdrop. I think a lot of people expected Independence Day, but I enjoyed the new twist on telling an alien action story.
B0058YPG2K|5.0|My Husband got me hooked on this show back when it first premiered 4 years ago! And I must say I am so thankful I took the time to watch this mesmerizing show! It is truly addicting to watch and you never know what will happen next with Walter White, Jesse Pinkman and the rest of this talented cast of characters! I am a bit sad that it only has 1 season left but I am sure it will go out with a BANG!!! I only have season 1 on dvd and I have the rest of series on wish list here on Amazon.com. You wouldn't be sorry if you bought this show!  AMC has a true winner, and everyone on the show are just stellar in their performances! I Love this show!
B005HV6Y5W|5.0|I read a jaded review on here giving it one star just because there are movies out there that do try to be more than just recycled entertainment garbage that we have seen over and over.  Movies for entertainment are great and can accomplish their job well.  \\"Movies are not art.  Get over it\\"  That has to be the most simple-minded review of a movie I have read in a long while...and I have read plenty of tween Twilight reviews.  Art can come in various mediums.  Get over it.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|Hi, I'm living in Belgium (Europe) and i've buy this box in USA because the same in Europe is cheaper and cost a little more (on Amazon.fr !)... Incredible !  This Box is amazing and all the Bluray work fine on European Playstation 3 (with French subtitle & language !)... Perfect !  Love to buy on Amazon.com ! ^^
B0045TYDNC|5.0|It works, it's made of durable plastic, it fits snugly.  This is not complicated engineering but Nikon did it right.
0618918248|5.0|I enjoyed this book, and found it quite well written and fair. It took a little to get used to his British style. My religious history is: raised Catholic, became a Hindu based Yoga practitioner in my late teens through 20's, born again Christian in my late 40's. I am now in my mid 50's. I had to do some mental gymnastics to get my head around some of his concepts but was able to at least conceptually understand all of them. I have studied comparative religion and philosophy in college so I have been exposed to thinking in various ways about such issues. I do believe that he has some very good observations as to the phenomenon of religious practice and its pervasiveness among practically every culture and civilization throughout human history. What I thought was particularly interesting, and I felt answered some questions for me personally, was his explanation for where the \\"religious\\" emotion may have its roots. My memory may not been entirely accurate in this recollection of his theory, but he expressed how religious feeling/fervor may be a misfiring of the human emotion of love. I found this particularly eye opening for me personally because I did have a very strong emotional experience that began both the Hinduism and Born Again Christian phases of my religious past. These \\"love affairs\\" lasted for quite some time - years. These experiences in themselves are highlighted by a completely material \\"love affair\\" that I had that forced me to reflect on their similarities. This material love was over a particular motorcycle that I really wanted to acquire in the 80's. The explanation for all of these fits well with the \\"love misfiring\\" theory that he expressed in the book. It would be useful if Mr. Dawkins could expand on that theory in future books/writings.
0525423281|5.0|Dare I say it, move over, Meg Cabot, there's a new writer in town!  As you might recall, I didn't particularly enjoy Anna and the French Kiss, the predecessor of sorts to Lola and the Boy Next Door.  I was in a very small minority of people who didn't think the book was that great.  I do not feel the same way about Lola, not at all!  Although it does stem back to the YA trope of \\"the boy next door\\", I felt like there was enough originality to the concept for the book to stand up on its own, and I loved it.  I know Stephanie Perkins has mentioned that she draws inspiration from Meg Cabot, and that is certainly seen in this book.  The way the story was told maintained a level of suspense throughout the storytelling process and left me completely engrossed, reading the book in one sitting.  Sure, some of the story was predictable, but the writing was great, the characters were the epitome of fresh, and it all came together to create a new YA fiction classic.  My one small complaint would be Cricket's slight, erm...perfection?  He reads as an altogether 2-dimensional character, and don't get me wrong, he's freaking adorable, but no person can be that perfect.  Still, I loved him, I loved all the characters, I loved the slightly-more-than-cameos we got from Etienne and Anna, and I can't wait to read Isla and the Happily Ever After!<br /><br />Rating: 5/5
0439023491|5.0|This is the second in the trilogy and I found it just as compelling. Those feeling it is a transition book only I feel have missed the value in this installment.  Catniss is more and more torn as to her true feelings between Gayle and Peeta.  The surveillance by the \\"Capital\\" becomes clear everywhere, even in the woods, and she realizes there is no privacy - much like our world today.  Keeping the masses poor and downtrodden is a political tactic used more and more without realizing that it increases the chances of revolt - much like today.  Another round of games where the past victors are pitted against each other is to remind the people that even there strongest are no match for the Capitol's might speaks of how our champions are struck down if they don't speak the correct message (Wikileaks, Dixie Chicks etc.)  It also shows that when it is best to join forces we have those who still can't get past their own ideas that they will be on top so take actions against their best interests.<br /><br />This book shows how the propaganda on TV twists facts and promotes lies such as the same image of a burned out section 13 that people are realizing is decades old - much like today where video clips may not be of the rally being reported (Fox has been caught dozens of times with this tactic.)  How the Capitol people are inconvenienced by what is going on the rest of Panam, much like the wealthy and Wall Street are inconvenienced by protests.  And even though the main idea of the book is how a revolution is slowly \\"catching fire\\" and momentum, it again sheds light on our current condition.  Each reader must answer if they are the self-absorbed members of the Capital who can't think past celebrity news and fashion, or are they the ones working against their own best interests thinking they just might be a one-percenter some day, or are they the hard working people striving to survive and provide something better for their children?  This is why it is such a compelling read, it is drawn from our own dilemmas and psyche.it is drawn from our own dilemmas and psyche.
B0059DOJGY|4.0|Age of the Joker (AOTJ) is another very good Edguy album and one worth listening. However, it's far from the 3 great Edguy albums in my opinion, which are Mandrake (melodic Euro power metal style), Hellfire Club (best one in my opinion with it's traditional heavy metal style) and Rocket Ride (that started the more Hard Rockian funny approach). But after that, we received Tinnitus Sanctus and AOTJ, which brought the level down a bit. That contrast is even higher when we compare these albums with the last Avantasia albums.  But on the bright side, AOTJ is better than Tinnitus Sanctus. While TS had some songs that were totally fillers (eg. Pride of Creation) and did not really add much new stuff from the previous albums and there is not really a connection between its songs, AOTJ's songs are all good ones and in a lot of times we see some new elements for the band. Sabbath, southern rock, oriental music, psychodelic touches some of the songs. Also the consistency between the songs is greater, the album flows better. And when they do not really bring anything new (such as Nobody's Hero and Every Night Without You), the songs hold themselves well.  The best ones for me are the kick-ass fast heavy Nobody's Hero (hope they open the show with that), the intricate melodic / oriental Rock of Cashel, the ultra-heavy-for-Edguy Faces In The Darkness (imagine Toni Iommi playing with Edguy...), the movie-soundtrack-like Fire In The Downline, Behind the Gates of Midnight World (hard to label as it shifts from Sabbath to Queen to Edguy just as easily) and the traditional Edguy ballad Every Night Without You, which reminds me a lot of Rocket Ride's Save Me. And if you have the Limited Eddition, the cover Cum On Feel The Noize and the other ballad Standing In The Rain are awesome.  The down moment for me is the single Robin Hood, which is a nice song, but it's too much like Superheroes and King of Fools.
B0060V1WJ6|1.0|Someone recommended this film, and even though I think Steve Carrell is a terrible actor (he only knows how to play the nerd apparently), I decided to give it a try. First of all, the characterization in this film was awful. The marital problems were glossed over, and the 13 year-old kid did things no 13 year-old would be stupid enough to do. The worst part comes later in the movie when the teenage babysitter develops a crush on Carrell's character. I suppose the filmmakers thought this was funny, but I don't find it remotely humorous when an underage character sends nude photos to a grown man. It's not even believable, because let's face it, Carrell is a minus ten in looks.   On the bright side, Gosling did a great job in the secondary romance. Too bad the main story was awful. I highly recommend viewers skip this if they are sensitive to issues dealing with inappropriate relationships with minors.
B004HYGF18|1.0|this cd is nothing but rehashed crap ,it blows .who did they lay money on for all the praise . other bands have done it better !
1609611543|5.0|I have read literally hundreds of books on nutrition, dozens which warn us of the evils of wheat. But what makes this book unique is its intense focus on this one \\"food\\" item and the havoc it wreaks on our health.<br /><br />I knew wheat was really bad, and even wrote about it in my own two nutrition books. But I sometimes wondered why it wasn't quite so bad in the `50s and `60s when I ate it  as a child. This book contains an entire chapter on the history of wheat's hybridization, and how it has become something very foreign. Without doubt, our bodies no longer recognize it as food. Ironically, the hybridizing accomplishments of a Dr. Borlaug enabled farmers to grow eight times as much wheat, solving world hunger and saving many hungry Chinese from starvation. You could even say that wheat enabled us to overpopulate the world. But one may wonder, what good is a huge population of sick people?<br /><br />The author blasts the drug companies as not being interested in true healing. This is why MDs are not educated in the simplicity of nutritional healings, which can be as simple as eliminating all glutens (the main offender being wheat).<br /><br />So what is so bad about this deadly grain? The author compares wheat addiction to that of cigarettes. It actually gets you high with exorphins. It pumps up the blood sugar (increasing insulin, and hence fat storage and overeating) more than sugar. It wreaks havoc on the intestines. (I noticed decades ago that I had to eat a sandwhich without the bread to avoid constipation.) In fact, the author implicates wheat in nearly every disease of civilization. Indeed, this ubiquitous \\"food\\" plays a role in every malady from diabetes to cancer---most startlingly perhaps, even schizophrenia!<br /><br />Best of all, perhaps, by simply giving up wheat, we can lose anywhere from 10 to 70 pounds! Our appetites diminish with the loss of this addictive food, and we naturally and effortlessly consume about 400 calories less per day. Now if that doesn't motivate you...<br /><br />But what can we eat without wheat? It's found in bread, cereals, bagels, donuts, cookies, cakes, casseroles, nearly every processed food, and more. Yet, rest assured that once past the addiction, you won't miss wheat. There are tons of recipes in this book for wheat and gluten-free living.<br /><br />I agree with the author on this: give up wheat and your life will change! For me, the brain fog was gone, and it transformed my life.t can we eat without wheat? It's found in bread, cereals, bagels, donuts, cookies, cakes, casseroles, nearly every processed food, and more. Yet, rest assured that once past the addiction, you won't miss wheat. There are tons of recipes in this book for wheat and gluten-free living.   I agree with the author on this: give up wheat and your life will change! For me, the brain fog was gone, and it transformed my life.
B006AX6ONI|4.0|While it is true that Mark Cuban's eBook \\"How to Win at the Sport of Business\\" is simply a compilation of his blog posts (which are all available online for free), this book has something that his blog doesn't. Editing. I've read a number of his blog posts over the years and a few things are clear to me: 1) Mark is a smart, successful guy. 2) He has a lot of good ideas and information in his head and he's willing to share what he knows with anyone willing to take the time to read what he writes. 3) He's not a great writer. (His blog is filled with typos and weird punctuation issues.)  Thankfully, this book has been edited. The punctuation errors so common on his blog have been fixed, and most typos corrected (though there are still a few, and in some of the storytelling parts he changes from present tense to past tense). The blog posts have also been arranged in a logical way so that this book reads very comfortably as a complete book. That said, my biggest complaint about this book is also the editing. There is one blog post that appears twice (with different titles though). I don't know how someone misses something like that.   Small quirks aside, this book is a good, fast read filled with lots of valuable information. There is by no means anything earth shattering here, but there is plenty of useful information for anyone running a business or thinking of starting one.
B005LS5M2M|1.0|What kind of scam is that?  Buy it to own it but the license runs out in a few months.  What a bunch of scamming con artists.  I cant wait to see the studios file for bankruptcy over this stuff with movies getting produced and sold directly to viewers cutting out the studios.
B005DI994W|5.0|This movie brought back a lot memories.  I can remember  seeing this movie when it came out in the theaters.  Being in blue ray only made ir better.<br />Thank you
B00003CX8Y|3.0|This product arrived earlier than it was originally stated which was nice. The description of the item said that it was \\"like new\\" however, when I opened the package the disc had scratches COVERING the entire surface. I watched the whole video and it still worked fine. However I would not have purchased it had I known the disc was torn up. At least the movie still played fully and well!
B005ZCXFD2|3.0|I don't understand the negative reviews this movie got. This movie was nice, perhaps the people judging it were biased and effected by the demonization of one culture by the media and the the superhero whitewashing of another. Don't let the ego projection of what you've aloud yourself to believe about different cultures ruin this movie for you. :)
B004SDEP38|5.0|Some of the complaints I've seen have been pretty harsh because apparently people were expecting this app to be the same as a $100 word program for their PC. If you come into this app with realistic expectations, you will not be disappointed. I have used this application to create plenty of worksheets for my students as well as check some of the labs they have turned in via email. Yes there are some alternatives but this is the program I use the most for word processing. It has made my tablet a mini PC and I highly reccomend this for anyone looking for a good productivity app.
B000BTC5LW|5.0|This is the concert from the Pink Floyd Division Bell tour in 1994. It was the first concert my parents ever took me to, and this DVD is EXACTLY how I remember the show. I was 11, and the show was so vivid, and the videos played were so memorable, to this day I can visualize exactly what it was like to be there live. This DVD is perfect. It's as if my memories were put directly onto the DVD. I'm so in love. Pink Floyd will always be top on my list of favorite bands, and this concert is my #1 concert of all time. I have a feeling that will never change. Thank god I have this DVD so I can relive this experience at any time. It just makes me happy.
0385535139|3.0|Fairly typical Grisham effort, but his repeated mis-use of the word \\"podium\\" really annoyed me.  John...podiums are stepped onto, lecturns are stepped up to.
B002LFPAUC|5.0|Me and my whole family love Fawlty Towers but have never had the pleasure of owning all the episodes. I got this as a gift for my family and alittle myself and we all love it! Fawlty Towers is hilarious and if you don't get the humor I feel truely sorry for you. If you do lack the ability to laugh then gift it off to someone that does. This is a great buy.
B002ZG99N6|3.0|It's an engaging movie but I'd rather not have seen it because of the violence. And the talk scenes are too slow and don't fix the holes in the plot. Otherwise a good movie.
B003L77G8I|5.0|Purchased from awesome seller! Was only watched like once so was in excellent shape! One of my favorite season of Bones. David and Emily are great at bringing these characters to life. Both are very funny and I could watch them as these characters for a long while.
B004OZOTSQ|5.0|Ok so i want to buy this app just not sure do u have to have wifi on ur computer cuz i have no wifi anywhere.  I do have normal internet on my desktop? Please help
B000Z27HLS|5.0|Got this as a Christmas gift for my older sister. She loves it and I love the price. Great buy.
B006BQI1V2|5.0|I rarely ever leave a review, but this movie was MOVING.  The book was given to me as a gift.  I got half way through it and it was so sad I did not read on.  The movie did the book justice from what I read.  The book truly came to life on screen.  Such a touching story to see a little girl persevere through mere circumstance of who she was and fight for her family and her future.  Great story, and superb acting.
B004EPYZQ2|3.0|This is truly the love-child of J.J. Abrams and Steven Spielberg.  It is half-Cloverfield, half \\"The Goonies\\".  Too bad that between the two of them they couldn't think of anything original to do.  On the upside, lots of noisy things blow up.  It is not bad American cinema; in fact, it's quite good, in the same way that a Big Mac is good American cuisine.
B0058VW36U|5.0|This game is GREAT! I got it when it was the free app of the day, but I would pay for it if I had to. So fun!
B000FS9FCQ|5.0|\\"Remember remember, the 5th of november. When the gunpowder treason should not end with out reason.\\" I loved this movie! It will confuse you, but you can always rewind! Its very powerful. I highly rememend it!
B004K4AVAG|5.0|OK, here's my two cents on this CD.  Please no negative responses to this, we are all entitled to our opinions. If it doesn't float your boat, I understand.  Music is very subjective, it either moves you or it doesn't.  Though my first love is contemporary country music, I've always been proud of the fact that I listen/buy music that is pleasing to my ear and venture beyond my comfort zone.  So with that, I will see what's out there besides country so that I don't limit myself.  I was interested in this gal the moment I heard her.  I too was skeptical that I would like all her songs, but couldn't turn down an outstanding sale this Black Friday.  Well I have been listening to this CD for the last three hours, just bopping in my seat and loving every second of this.  I won't go into my analysis of every song, but this is great CD to shake your body to, clean your house to,or exercise to.  She's a music and marketing genius...my hat's off to her.  This is really good folks, if you are on the fence, it is definitely worth your hard earned money.  Again, just my opinion.
B004LWZW4M|4.0|The rise of the Planet of the Apes, a very thoughtful and arresting return to the origins about where it all began.<br /><br />Caesar is - following the traces of the mythical story -the descendent of a special lineague, nurtured by a strain that regenerates the damaged cells (a sort of neurogenesis) thought for all patients who suffer the altzheimer disease. In plain experimental phase, the things will get out of control and the messy consequences will be about to exploit.<br /><br />Despite the gruesome of the last quarter of the picture, the film alludes to classic films of the past.<br /><br />The film pays tribute to Spartacus, as caesar as lider of the slaves. But King Kong is also, in the air where the apes refuse to appear as circus spectacle. Caesar stood before the sequoia brings us back to 2001 in the famous sequence of the monolith and the awakening of the intelligence.<br /><br />Once more, the emerging generations will have to watch the first of the saga in 1968 to have the entire pciture of the saga.<br /><br />A kinetic movie where the science is the major culprit for playing to be God. That's - to my mind - the only flaw of the script.
0553801473|1.0|While reading the first 4 books in A Song of Ice and Fire Series, I just couldn't put them down. But while reading a Dance With Dragons, I have to make myself read in order to finish the book.<br /><br />The book has too many pointless descriptions of places, clothes and food. There are also too many pointless dialogues and things who could have been told in one chapter, takes 3 or 4. Besides that, something rarely happens.
B004EPZ09S|5.0|My wife and I saw this movie recently.  We had a two-person date deal that included a large popcorn and two large drinks, but frankly we found it difficult to enjoy any of the snacks while watching \\"Contagion\\".<br /><br />The story line is gut-wrenchingly realistic...so much so that I wonder why an outbreak of the type shown in this film hasn't happened before.  The portrayal of the effects of an extremely virulent virus are graphically portrayed, and the manner of death is grim and gritty to say the least.  If you go to see this show you need to be prepared to see (or look away from) a depiction of an autopsy where a person's skull is opened and the skin on the top of the head is pulled over the top of the face (just FYI).<br /><br />References to the technical aspects of identifying and fighting a disease like this was the central focus of the film, but there was not so much technical info that it would put off most viewers.  Yet, at the same time, there were enough of the technical aspects that a scientist would have something to chew on.<br /><br />Be prepared to have a flutter in your stomach throughout most of this movie.  Also be prepared for extremely tense drama, including pulses of strong language.<br /><br />The collection of top-notch actors in this film is quite impressive, and while outbreak kinds of movies have been produced several times over the past several years, this one was top-notch.  It did not seem self-serving or contrived.  The air of authenticity in the film was overwhelming.<br /><br />The film is compelling in a cautionary vision of social and political breakdown that could accompany a global pandemic.  Scarily compelling!<br /><br />I noticed that a few other reviews (i.e., 1-star reviews) stated that this was the most boring film that they'd seen in a long time.  Well, all I have to say about that is that if you go to this film expecting lots of gunfire, explosions, brain-eating zombies or the like you are going to be disappointed.  If, on the other hand, you are looking for intelligent drama and a story line that is both plausible and terrifying then \\"Contagion\\" is for you.<br /><br />All in all this film is simultaneously outstanding, disconcerting, grim,and gritty.<br /><br />5 stars (and I'm still thinking about it a day later...)nt drama and a story line that is both plausible and terrifying then \\"Contagion\\" is for you.   All in all this film is simultaneously outstanding, disconcerting, grim,and gritty.    5 stars (and I'm still thinking about it a day later...)
B0058EBNAO|5.0|Solid, reliable, lots of useful weather info. love the weather clock and the 10 day forecast. Runs great on Droid Incredible.
B004RJMUJO|5.0|This is one of the best games for the Kindle Fire. It plays amazingly well and it shows how responsive the Fire can be. Just one dollar, a must-have!
0525423656|5.0|Although I'm used to a faster paced novel, Crossed was enjoyable.   Ally Condie changes the point of view dramatically with Crossed. It is told from the Ky and Cassia. Cassia sets out to find Ky, but encounters Xander on the way. The first half was not as exciting as the second half when Cassia finds Ky, but with new characters and the beginning of a love quadrangle, Crossed turned out to be a solid follow-up consistent with Matched. The poetry is there and serves as a bartering tool, which reminds me of another dystopian author's book, Kailin Gow's Wordwick Games Series.  Other books like Matched, which I recommend are Kailin Gow's Desire Series, Wordwick Games, and Fade Series.
B005IS56CG|5.0|great album!!! got 2 refunds for pre sale price that got cheaper and a free tshirt!! who wouldn't be happy with that?!
B00001X590|5.0|This is a classic Joe Cocker album [despite the odd cover] and I was quite happy with the price and the quick delivery.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Cut The Rope for the Kindle Fire is an amazing experience. The gameplay is perfect, not a single bug! Great for your kids or for anyone who wants to see how beautiful this app looks on the Kindle Fire. Worth every penny, get it!
0198326769|5.0|This was a very interesting story, and one that I couldn't put down. Although the main character was a bit naive at times, to the point where it was sometimes frustrating, I believe that without that naivety the story would have been less effective. It presents a thoughtful statement on social injustice, and the inhumanities that people are subjected to in the name of what is \\"right\\". I think everyone should read this book, so that they can become better acquainted with how discrimination can effect everyone, even one's own family. Great read, and highly recommended!
B005QBKXOQ|5.0|Unless your a country fan this one will Rock You.  Chris's voice is incredible and Most every song is well written and performed to perfection.  The Deluxe addition offers 14 tracks so you definitely get your moneys worth.  My song favorites:  Renegade   Crawl Back to You (of course)  Crazy  Out-a-my-head  Maybe we're already gone  Rescue me  But really there isn't a bad one on here.  If your into the heavier music... Lullaby may put to you to sleep.  Possibly the best CD out this year.  I also purchase Nickelback Here and Now  (This one is better overall)
B003X27L9U|5.0|I'm not the fastest reader but finished this in just over a week. It's a brilliant story which is bristling with emotion and could engage even the most hard hearted reader.  Jack is a superbly written character and I congratulate the author for her efforts.
B0068TJLSY|2.0|Has a low budget feel.  like ET but special effects are sub par for a Spielberg production.  No surprises.  Just ok.
B000QCS8TW|4.0|While having brunch with a friend of a friend who singing the praises of this series, I decided this book was just what the doctor ordered.<br /><br />Wow this book is well-written.  It is a cross between reality and fantasy and I love that!  It is an intense book--I like that.<br /><br />Reading books have seasons and the season was put on pause for me when the friend of the young princess was cruelly struck down and killed by a sword.  That haunted me to the core.  So I am still in mourning...I will return to this book and series, but I need to get to an emotional place where I can bury that young boy and walk away unscathed.<br /><br />That says a ton about this book and the writing.
0439023483|5.0|Haven't read a book like this which I simply could not put down in a long time.  Read all three books in record time and am not anticipating the movie!
B0064J6OMO|4.0|My wife and I watched this on demand a few nights ago. If you have kids I think this can be very funny; you may recognize many of the situations and find them humorous.  The story plods along a bit on the plot around Ryan Reynolds character, but Jason Bateman's character and his family really are quite humorous.  And there are a few scenes that are just hilarious, though there is one seen that is very distressing if you have children (baby's in danger, etc.)  Very foul-mouthed humor as well, if you are offended by such things you have now been forewarned.
B0044XV3QY|5.0|incredible movie, color is outstanding, special effects are unbeleivable  the story is great and shows how big corporations don't care about anything but their bottom line, no matter the damage done to others
B005SZNZAY|5.0|Just a quick review of the best CD I've purchased in several years:  The Good:  1.)  His voice is as absolutely spectacular as it's ever been and makes an obvious choice for an acoustic record, where he can and does show it off.  He shimmers throughout.........  The Bad:  2.)  Well, as hardcore fans we always have a couple suggestions on song selection, right?  Like we've seen on youtube he did several other tunes on this tour I would have loved to see on this collection:  \\"When I'm Down\\", \\"Like Suicide\\", \\"Seasons\\" and the online medley masterpiece, which includes \\"Man of Golden Words\\", \\"Comfortably Numb\\" and \\"Say Hello to Heaven\\"..........  The Beautiful:  Man, in my opinion he sits atop the lead vox mountain as the greatest vocalist over the last 20 some odd years, hands down.  Throw 10 bucks down on these 18 songs, grab it and rush it around town shouting to your friends and relatives \\"You gotta hear this!!  Take it home, listen to it several dozen times like I have while youtubing the couple nuggets left off..........  The Suggestion:  Chris and crew, follow this bad boy up with a \\"Live\\" Acoustic Songbook DVD, please!!!   The Funny Story:  I bought this at the nearest location of one of the massive media chains in the country, you know the one I mean.  Employee comes up to me to ask what I'm looking for.  I said the new \\"Chris Cornell\\" to which he replied, \\"Is he a classical composer or a jazz artist?\\".  No joke!!  I said \\"You know, the former lead singer of Soundgarden and Audioslave\\", in which a blank stare appeared from the employee.  Apparently they don't offer the Rock 101 training course at this chain.  Told him it'd be easy to find if he'd just point me to the \\"Has Talent\\" section as it'd be the only CD there!!!!!
B002TLSSXO|3.0|These cooking utensils are so colorful and fun to look at, I fell in love with them at first glance. However having used them for about 2 months now I have noticed the handles are definitely not heat resistant.  If you leave them in the pot, the handles will melt and you end up with \\"scars\\" where the edge of the pot touches the handle. I've also noticed the edge of the spatula is starting to de-laminate a bit too, which is a big concern as I do not want plastic pieces to end up in the food. As much as I enjoy looking at these I don't think I will continue to use them.
B001E45XT4|5.0|Plantronics GameCom 367 Closed-Ear Gaming Headset; so far so good as far as cheep headsets go.  seams fairly sturdy, but I would recommend putting the mic back into its housing to avoid damaging it.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|my friends have all been reading thi for years and i finally understand why they love it! i cant wait to get started on catching fire!
B004WOS3P4|5.0|David Cook does it again as he writes songs that touch your heart and make u want to sing along. Definately a hit. w2g David
B003L77GGK|5.0|it is one of the best dvds ive bought in a long time im glad i got it and it was a great price
B005FVA63A|1.0|Wow, what a disappointment. Don't get me wrong; I'm sure the Uber Edition is Uber Excellent, but the condition of the one I received was shameful. It had clearly been opened and had someone try and look at it as they had ripped the box that the set comes in. When you're paying over 400 bucks for a collectors edition (supposedly) you expect to get it in collectable condition; no? Not from Amazon I'm afraid. So my options are to deal with it - not likely, or send it back - which I'm doing. So who now has to pay to send a damaged item back to the US from Australia despite it clearly being Amazon's problem? Yep, good guess, me. What a joke. I have bought from Amazon for a very long time, but am starting to question it as more and more goods are damaged when they get here and it is clear they are damaged from the way they are packed. Lift your game Amazon. Just because you're number one doesn't mean you get to treat customers with contempt.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|If you have a Kindle Fire, there is actually a version with higher resolution graphics for the Fire. Get that one instead. I made the mistake of getting this version (basically for smartphones), then finding out days later that Popcap released a Kindle Fire optimized app. Wish Amazon made it easier to find apps optimized for the Fire. Thankfully Amazon refunded my money on this version so I didn't have to pay double for the same game.     Ignoring that issue, PvZ is hands down one of my favorite games. Only wish Popcap would make a sequel already! ;) Here's a link to Kindle Fire version...    [...]
0307120007|5.0|Wonderful memories of reading this book to my daughter from her 18 months of age and older. It kept her attention thoughout, a short story and fun to read to her.  She absolutely loved interacting with the peek a boo page, the soft bunny fur and putting her finger through mummy's ring as well as feeling daddy's scratchy face.  I can still smell the scent of the flowers!!!
B003VANOFY|5.0|I'm real happy i spent so much on these headphones. Despite their high price, they are VERY well built. My pitbull got a hold of them while i was out of the house and they stood up to the abuse that the dog layed on them. The sound quality is better then any headset i've had to date. With surround sound input these headphones are perfect. In addition the software that logitech put out for these is very easy to use, with a lot of great features.
B004EPZ07U|1.0|have to join the chorus of other s- you don't get a real digital copy of the movie.  In order to get your \\"digital copy\\" you have to sign up for 2 different services;  agree to a dozen pages of  legal agreements that take away your rights to anything; hand over personal information, then install multiple additional applications on your computer in order to watch this movie. Oh, and after paying for a high def blu ray movie, you only get a standard def download/access What a load of BS.  The blu ray plays fine, but don't expect that you're actually getting a digital download of anything...
B004MC8CA2|4.0|UPDATE February 2013<br />====================<br /><br />OK, now I know why every Bible reading person who owns a mobile device would not have one.  I have been concerned about how easily (and how OFTEN) these various translations are updated. Over the last two years, I have observed many changes, not only minor changes, but major ones - changes that change the meaning of the text. Changes that downplay the deity of Christ. Changed that I would not have known about had I not already memorized a lot of Scripture. But there is a trend toward less memorization, not more. I can see why! There are so many translations, and even those change regularly. Sometimes the Scripture verses on the screen in church are different from what is in the pew Bibles, even though it is the same version.<br /><br />If you do not already have massive quantities of Scripture memorized, go ahead and use the app, but I recommend you also hold on to your paper Bible, especially if it is a version that has been around long enough not to have been updated to the point of being virtually unrecognizable as the \\"faith which was once delivered unto the saints.\\" (Jude 1:3<br /><br />My Original Review<br />======================<br />I am using YouVersion on my Amazon Kindle Fire, and I have really been enjoying the ability to switch among dozens of translations. I especially love that I can even have some of those read to me, so that I can listen while doing housework or other things that I can do and still concentrate on what I am hearing. I am still figuring out all the things I can do with this app.<br /><br />Know you should read the Bible but don't know where to start? No problem. You can choose from a number of Bible reading plans. I am enjoying the One Year Bible reading plan, and listening to the corresponding audio Bible. You can take notes, share with friends on social networks, and even participate in live events with other YouVersion users.<br /><br />This app is also available for android devices, iphones and ipads. Even as a paid app it would be well worth it, but as a free app - I don't know why every Bible reading person who owns a mobile device would not have one.id devices, iphones and ipads. Even as a paid app it would be well worth it, but as a free app - I don't know why every Bible reading person who owns a mobile device would not have one.
1451627289|5.0|Add another great \\"NON-HORROR\\" book to Steve's collection. This story could have been cut by about 100 pages or so, but all in all ... it was pretty good; I'll have to put it on my \\"read again\\" list for the future. I truly and thoroughly enjoyed it. Now that it's over, I wonder why George didn't just kill Oswald when he was living close by instead of waiting until the very day. I understand it makes for a better story, but ...  For those who give this story less than 3 stars ... shame on you! This is partially politically driven, so I believe those people couldn't care less about politics and thought this book was boring. You know what they say about opinions.  I thought the love story between George and Sadie was a bit unrealistic I should say. But who am I to judge the love life of a 35 yr old man from 2011 living in 1958?  Looking for another great book like this one? The Religion by Alex Wolfe. Out in March of 2012. Write it down. You'll thank me for it later!
1400069181|5.0|I started the book on a Tuesday morning and was finished by Wednesday night. In other words - I loved it. It was filled with inspirational stories and practical advice for commiting what I call audacious acts of humanity. I love everything about this company and what it stands for.
1595822003|5.0|I owned this book back in the early '90's, having found it in a bargain bin at a comic convention.<br /><br />It was then, and is now, the most beautiful edition of this novel I've ever seen. Shelley's novel is given the all-star treatment here, a fine reproduction, heavy stock paper, the cloth binding, and, of course, the added bonus of Wrightson's artwork. The people at Dark Horse have outdone themselves with this.<br /><br />I won't bother to review the novel; either you've read it and love it, or not. The art is the main attraction in this edition, and it does NOT disappoint.
B005KMX866|5.0|Sun Records, and Chris Isaak. It had to happen one day, and here we are nearly 30 years after Chris's first LP. Having recently making my first pilgrimage to Memphis, i can say that they nailed it. The vibe from that room is here on the cd.   This is obviously a dream for Chris Isaak, and i am enjoying the music..The liner notes says it all ( Grammy material for the liner notes)..  So just slap it on..Turn it up, and Rock On.
B003UESJF6|5.0|I don't normally enjoy Will Ferrel films but this movie was so funny! I would reccomend this film to anyone
B005W3G2D4|5.0|This album is inspiring and beautiful. What a talented artist! I think this album and the song topics (and melodies) appeal to many age groups. Great job Kelly! Buy the album!
B000B5MI3Q|5.0|No other watch maker provides superior value in a diver than Seiko when it comes to the SKX007. You just cant't beat the durability and accuracy of a Seiko diver. For me, the automatic movement gives a superior value because you never need a battery which avoids costly pressure testing after the case has been opened. If you want a watch that you can wear in pretty much any situation, the SKX007 is for you. It is sharp enough to wear with a shirt and tie or just jeans and a t-shirt. The lume on this watch is absolutely unbeatable too. It is easily readable in low light and the ball on the end of the second hand assures you that it is still running. I just have no complaints about this watch!
B005VPSEK2|4.0|I have listened to Stronger quite a few times. At first I was not impressed; but the more I listen to it, the more I like it. I think this album is balanced in that I can easily turn it on and listen all of the way through. It is worlds better than My December, but it's not quite as good as Breakaway or All I Ever Wanted. If you like Kelly or Pop Rock, I would recommend buying the album. But I would also suggest spending the extra money for the Deluxe Edition. The extra songs are actually good.
0374275637|4.0|I bought the book to learn how to make better decisions and stop second guessing myself. I learned so much more about how our brain works and so much more. It is somewhat technical--not layman exactly--but very entertaining (I got Audible Book). As an author, it gives me the inside track of how I very scientific sociologist type person thinks. It's cool. I did learn a lot and I do make decisions based on facts; statistics; not bias (subconscious)and know (better) when to listen to my intuition and when to hesitate and examine the facts. Educate your intuition and learn how to make better judgements.
0385535139|1.0|John Grisham should be embarrassed.  Good for a few laughs due to it being so absurd, but otherwise a waste of time and money.
B004GYY714|5.0|I couldn't get though my day without this app. easy to use, stable, low batt use and very clear audio.
B005BX3NAA|5.0|i love guns and roses cd. my favorate song is november rain and paradice city.    i love all the   songs on it.
B0040HJNKC|5.0|Some bluesman are like fine wine they get better with age.  In an era when some performers as they age lose a little something to their \\"talent\\", and they just dont sound the same, Buddy Guy still plays as if he's in his 20's.  As a performer he still has the youthful charm and energy as he did in his early years.  And this album is no exception.  Living Proof is a must have to any Buddy Guy fan or any Blues fan for that matter.
0007208316|3.0|We didn't actually read this book.  It was a donation for a library.  We were happy to help.  We've read other Shakespeare compilations tho, and even tho they are hard to understand (given the Elizabethan English), once you start... you can't stop!  Good soap opera!
B004VMUS9G|5.0|With this application running in the background I never again have to worry about reading or playing games too long, I simply set the timer and it tells me when I need to stop and get ready to go or get back to work.
B000022TSW|5.0|My 15 yr old son loves south park, and it is  really pretty funny.  This movie is a great addition to his collection, got it for him for christmas. I don't  think we will watch it until  his grandparents are asleep.
B005IZLPME|5.0|Marvel has done it again!! Captain America is one to the finest superhero genre movies available. I wasn't sure about the casting when I first heard about it, but I have totally changed my mind. The acting and script are top rate! A fair warning to comic fans, the costuming follows the concept of the new ultimate comics lines but they did give a bow to the classic look and I, for one, thought it was well done. As for the DVD itself, I love the HD look. I haven't been able to watch it in 3D yet because I haven't actually purchased the 3D television but I loved it in the theatres and look forward to it at home.   A must have for any superhero movie collector.
B005J29HCQ|5.0|Upon listening to this deluxe edition twice now I can only imagine what would have happened had this been released in early 1967.  The disc is an endless flow of 4 and 5 part harmonies with a constantly changing musical background.  The sound quality is as crisp as any recording done today.  To break this down in a paragraph is impossible. If you liked Pet Sounds,then you will love this at the first listen.These recordings leave Pet Sounds in the dust.And that is no small feat. It is a shame Brian Wilson felt such pressure from the Beatles cause he had something here that could have easily gone toe to toe with Sgt. Pepper{I don't say this lightly as I am a total Beatles fan} A great package all around.enjoy!!!!
B003CN4R74|5.0|Evanescence has underwent a dynamic evolution in the last 5-7 years.  They have lost and gained band members.  Amy Lee is married and is in a very different emotional state from when Fallen was on the charts.  The band's creative influences have expanded with new members and the life experiences of the existing ones.  So when we look back over the last two albums you see that the band has focused on the brooding emotions of longing, separation, betrayal, and other feelings. The songs took on the brooding feel on the Open Door with slower tempo and with no rigid, formulaic song structures, but powerful vocals throughout most of the album (with the exception of Cloud 9 and its fast tempo).  This album, the label obviously wanted more accessible music so they went back to more of the conventional music formula with defined hooks and bridges.  The band brought a faster and more upbeat sound.  You have a lot of distortion used and the vocals aren't as centered on the songs as in the past on the studio recording.  Seeing them live, I could see a difference as Amy's vocals on-stage will not be overshadowed.  I am not sure why they chose to do that with her vocals on the studio mastering, but that is only thing that keeps this from being flawless.   You have a dynamic range of songs here and still some emotions being expressed but the songs are all faster and the whole experience is not as dark as previous efforts.  Probably the most uplifting overall since their release of Origin.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|I love these games.  I have them on my phone and now j have it on my Kindle Fire.  Me and my sisters now play them all the time.  I got my friends hooked on them now too.  Great job.
B005RUV6RO|5.0|This show has been great. The first season seemed to depict more intense life and death decisions with much deeper connotations. This season has slowed down a bit. However, I believe this is only because they have the temporary reprieve of being in the illusion of safety and normality on the farm. However, I think that the curtain is already being lifted on that charade. I have really appreciated the exploration of characters and the internal conflicts and prejudices of every individual.
B0052P5DIC|4.0|If you are reading this you are probably a fan. But maybe you did not get to hear the 4 lp set when it came out in the seventies (or it's various cd editions afterwards). They were always Japanese, hard to get or incomplete. So here is your chance to listen to this energetic big band version of Return to Forever. Don't miss it! The other 2 cds have been available and are also great.
B003ZSH606|5.0|To the guy who did the second review and gave this album 1 star for \\"sounding like b-sides from previous albums\\" or something that effect, I say SO WHAT! Weren't you A fan of Synkronized and Travelling Without Moving, etc.? Many artists keep songs  written and \\"in the vault\\" for years only to release them much later. Anyhow, this album is a nice bumpin' funk album with great musicians, period. I only found out about this release a few days ago, bought it, and now I'm loving some good old fashioned Jamiroquia!
0143038583|5.0|I had to read this for one of my political science classes.  At the start, I wasn't that into it but as I read further into the book, it does become more interesting.  Pollan's story of seeking the \\"perfect meal,\\" is a hard question.  Is it possible, is it even logical to consider that everyday we would be able to obtain what we need in order to make such a meal.  He covers the basics of his journey through the industrial food chain to local poly face farming.  Hunts his own game, and collects his own fungi (mushrooms).  I highly recommend that everyone reads this.  It really makes you think about where your food comes from.  Maybe open your eyes to what the industrial food chain companies have been trying to hide for years.
B0040JHWKS|5.0|I am embarrassed. I bought this a year ago, and am just now finishing playing it for the first time while doing a home project. I bought it because it's just 'the thing to do', the price is certainly right, and it was expanding a favorite album of mine, Darkness on the Edge of Town.<br /><br />Like the title says, I can 'hear' a couple extra albums in the song listing. I appreciate the fact that they are finished  and not all demos. This release takes me back to 1978, and while BORN TO RUN was great, DARKNESS resonated with me then, and will do so for as long as I live.
B004I1AGTC|4.0|This follows the story of the first movie, IP Man.  It has a good story line but not as strong as the first.  It follows IP Man, and his family as he transitions into starting his own school and the merge with the British Empire.  Donnie Yen gave a great performance again.  Has great martial art fight scenes like the first, just shown in a different light.  I highly recommend this movie, but you should see, IP Man, first.
0439023521|3.0|I didn't expect to be so engaged, but when I sat down last night to start the book, completely exhausted still from Thanksgiving festivities, I found myself reading the book until I finished it at 3 AM.   It was a lot of fun, and I definitely enjoyed it a lot, but it felt \\"elementary\\" to a point. I guess I'm used to books directed at a different audience (I picked this up on recommendation), but this had the feeling of a book I would have read in middle school. That's not to say it wasn't good--it was--it just seemed tailored towards a young audience... which again, is fine.  There was also a lack of detail. Some will disagree with me here, but I didn't feel as if I was completely in the world. I felt more like I was reading about a world. When I read a book, I like to feel more like I'm part of the world I'm reading about. This didn't have that for me, though I did have strong emotions about the characters. I cried over something that happened in here, and I haven't done more than tear up while reading in a LONG time.  The only other complaint I can make is that I didn't hate the other contestants much at all--even the main antagonist. I viewed them all as victims of the Capitol, but maybe that is the point.  Overall, I won't be talking this book up to everyone I see like I do with many other books, but it was worth reading, and I did buy the second and third today so take that for what it's worth.
B003INBNXO|5.0|This is one of my favorite martial arts movies.  I would not compare this to an American martial arts movie, it is portrayed in a different sense.  The story was was strong and had a great cast.  Donnie Yen did an amazing job in representing Master IP.  I really enjoyed the choreography and cinematography of the intense fight scenes.  I strongly suggest this is a must for any into the martial arts.  Oh, and Master IP would later have Bruce Lee as a student.
B000002UA0|5.0|Got it really fast. Item condition is great as stated. The CD looks almost new and the disk itself doesn't have scratches.
0307477479|2.0|First of all, I don't buy books and then NOT finish them, but I did with this one. Furthermore, I don't throw away books, but I happily threw this one in my garbage can when I was 3/4 through with a cry of rage. I was really looking forward to this one, and was maddeningly dissapointed.<br /><br />The first quarter of the book is really good, but then becomes too-post modern and self-aware for its own good. I like the non-linearity of it all, but there were characters I loved that got too little attention in the book or never came back around.<br /><br />Then I realized: This is just a collection of short stories parading around like a novel. Period.<br /><br />It's barely a professionally weaved narrative, and if you want to argue that a non-linear or a narrative open to interpretations was its intent, I disagre even there. It barely accomplishes this and feels thrown together. It's randomness is called \\"creative genius\\" by supporters, I'm sure, but that's just so they can rationalize to themsevles something vague they didn't understand. They want to be part of the \\"cool club\\" and say they \\"totally grasped a radical and thought provoking book.\\" Sure, if you've never lived up your life and/or you're 16 years old, I guess this book \\"about punk\\" or \\"subversive culture\\" might be something of a newsflash. Grab anything but this for your education of counter-culture and the music business of the past and present. Blah.<br /><br />Matt -- a 26 yr old dude from MD<br />[...]<br />(for movie and book opinions by MH, Film & Media Studies Degree)
0307454541|3.0|The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo starts so slowly that if everyone and their mother hadn't said how much they love it, I would have quit reading it. Someone told me that it gets interesting at page 100 - but it's more like page 165. And then it is pretty much over at page 477 - when there are still 150 pages left in the book.<br /><br />The story is interesting, but it moves so slowly that I was never \\"hooked\\" in any meaningful way that matched up to all of the hype from everyone else. Maybe it's because Larsson passed away before the book was printed, or maybe it's just the style of Swedish crime fiction, but the book could easily have been 100 pages shorter. This may be one of the rare occasions where the movie will be better than the book.<br /><br />As for the plot: the whole thing is a middle-aged journalist's wildest fantasy: revenge, sex, sex with a hot hacker babe, mystery, intrigue and most importantly the ability to impact society as a whole with good reporting. That was the hardest part of the whole fantasy to swallow.
068981528X|5.0|While this \\"fractured fairy tale\\" of the three little wolves and the big bad pig is funny (especially the repetitive parts where the pig asks to be admitted and the wolves run off), it also speaks to today's world. Kids will love the ways in which the three little wolves build stronger and stronger houses, until they end up with a barbed-wire concrete fortress -- and still the pig manages to destroy their dwelling. The visuals show that the stronger the house is, the uglier it is. Finally, because the big bad pig can break through anything the three little wolves can construct, the siblings build a totally different kind of house -- a house that changes the big bad pig forever.
1574216988|5.0|This item was exactly what I ordered.  It was delivered on time and with no damage.  I would recommend this site and would order from it again.
B000HEWEDK|5.0|Nice update of this classic old science fiction staple. Not quite a hokey as I remembered it to be but definitely \\"G\\" rated, even with the addition of the omitted scenes. In retrospect, I think I would have enjoyed the landing scene without the added landing effects. This was a welcome addition to my collection of the original The Day the World Stood Still and Five Million years to Earth.
B0036EH3U2|4.0|First of all I would have given my review a five star rating had it not been for a shotty description of whats included on the discs. The series in itself and the video quality are superb, I love how each individual disk has a plastic holder with many collections today using cheap cardboard or paper sleaves that scrath the disks. Now to my WARNING, if you are like me you want to see everything from the series including both of their movies The Plan and Razor, well they are included on the blu-ray collection a + for the product, but nowhere on the amazon product description does it says so. So I ended up ordering Razor blu-ray separately as to have a full collection, at this point I had forgotten about The Plan movie and now I have made an unnecesary purchase and thats a double - in my book so thats where my 4 star rating comes. So If you order this you get everything to have a complete BSG experience and more just dont buy the movies separately.
B005NNUKF4|5.0|I would like to start this review off by saying this version is a definite purchase regardless of how many Dark Side of the Moon copies you own (MP3, CD or Vinyl).  A lot of the reviews are dealing with the Immersion Set.  I am speaking of the MP3 download.  So be mindful when you see reviews for something other than what you are getting.  I did not purchase this album for the \\"Remastered\\" version of Dark Side of the Moon.  I purchased this album for the second half of its content, Pink Floyd live at the Empire Pool Wembley, London 1974.  The description says that this too is \\"remastered\\".  I am not sure from what?  I have not heard or seen this concert in their catalogue but I could be mistaken.   With that said this live recording of Pink Floyd is a masterpiece.  David Gilmour's guitar solo on Money shows him at his peak.  I am of the age where I grew up with Pink Floyd but was not old enough to attend live shows.  If only?  Get this recording and you will find yourself listening to this live show over and over.  It is well worth the money for the fan who has it all already.
B006ANJ4BW|1.0|I did not like the effects of the movie at all. You don't want to waste your time with this movie.
1451648537|5.0|I have loved Apple products for decades and have admired Steve Jobs as well. This fascinating book has given me insight into this complex man. There is no doubt that he was a genius but a very human one. I got a reality check on my previously untroubled portrait of Jobs born out of his amazing products and iconic image (the black turtle necks, the blue jeans, tennis shoes, most of all, the practiced unblinking stare, which could be a major theme in the book). He was a times a brutal business man, mean, really mean, and unethical to even this closest supporters when he didn't have to be. However, the instances of his crying (crying!) openly when frustrated in a business context was more than a little weird, like a spoiled two-year old not getting his way. Also, the manner in which he abandoned his first child and was mostly distant father to his children was very sad. In spite of it all, I have to love this man for the way he stood up and fought for his company and shoved those money-chasing hacks aside. I love this book!
B00008973A|1.0|This is one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  Forget the fact that it is so completely off base with the musical, it just sucks as a movie.  If you're going to make a movie based on a musical, how about hiring people who can sing?  Michael Douglas is the only actor in the movie with any talent and I would think he'd be embarrassed to have this in his repertoire.
B003L77G8I|5.0|Love, love, love the show. So glad Bones and Booth finally got it together.  Can't wait to see the seventh season to catch up with all the goings on. Love the story lines and even the gooey bits when they are examining some melting body. Hope they keep making this series as I really enjoy it.
B0042JH0EE|5.0|We have always enjoyed Phil Collins' music, but this takes us back to our era.  Bought this as a gift for my husband and he was tickled.  Great Condition and Fast Ship.  Thanks!
B004EPYZQ2|5.0|I just had to put a review in. Really a fantastic movie. An instant classic. The 15th best movie I have ever seen.
B000LPQ6DE|5.0|This is the first version of Jane Eyre I've seen and I've loved it ever since. No other versions even compare to it! Masterpiece Theatre has romance, drama, suspense, everything you could want. I love the actors, you can feel the passion between them. I'd give 100 stars if I could! Definetly you should buy it, you'll love it!
B001UV4XJ2|5.0|I want to know how to contact   the company that release Harry Potter Deathly Hallows part 2   too tell them they should go back to the digital copy from itunes   the UltraViolet Digital Copy  really ticks me off Terry
B000E1ZBGS|2.0|I'm NOT by any means an Austen purist, but really!  Turning the Bennet home into a hovel, where huge pigs roam freely and laundry suffocates the yard, and an unkempt, filthy-looking Mr. Bennet is perhaps a misguided attempt to make Darcy look far, far superior to Elizabeth, and makes his descent to her level perhaps more accessible to those who don't read and don't have an understanding of the time.  Yikes.  There were parts I enjoyed, and I liked Matthew Macfadyen as Darcy.  Kiera Knightly is very one-note as an actress, don't like her.  Very unsatisifying.
B006ANJ4BW|2.0|To be short and sweet, if you enjoy TV movies ala Scyfy channel type of movies then by all means rent/buy this.
B005MYEQ4U|5.0|I can't remember the last time I paid to see a movie three times, but I did with \\"Midnight in Paris.\\" It is a wonderful story, so magical, so well done, so thought provoking.
B004EI3ON4|2.0|Great music ruined by terrible MP3 compression.  The music is awesome, and probably one of the best theatrical scores since Star Wars.  Just make sure you purchase the CD set instead of downloading the MP3 versions from Amazon cloud.  The sound quality of these MP3s is similar to what you might remember from the early Napster days.  All of the bass lines have been cut off and instead just result in a \\"crackle\\" type of sound.  As this music relies so much on the deep and heavy bass lines, this completely ruins the listening experience.  If you are planning to listen using Ipod earbuds or similarly poor devices you will probably not even notice, but any reasonably good equipment will leave you cursing Amazon for screwing up such incredible music.  Save yourself the pain and just avoid this purchase.
B005TPN2MY|2.0|There were some funny parts in this movie, but it seems like the directors didn't really take advantage of them. The movie had a surprisingly strong cast and a potentially really funny plot, but in the end the main events go by way too quickly. Plot twists like being accused of a murder are great entries into comedy, but it seems before the full weight of the accusation sinks in the movie ends. I don't really know if this movie deserved 2 full hours, but at 1.5 hours it just seems like it's going through the motions.
B004VMVTNU|5.0|I use this every day, has great features that make it so much better than standard alarm clock. Got during free app of the day promo.
B005LJK3AC|2.0|There were some funny parts in this movie, but it seems like the directors didn't really take advantage of them. The movie had a surprisingly strong cast and a potentially really funny plot, but in the end the main events go by way too quickly. Plot twists like being accused of a murder are great entries into comedy, but it seems before the full weight of the accusation sinks in the movie ends. I don't really know if this movie deserved 2 full hours, but at 1.5 hours it just seems like it's going through the motions.
B0053VKP8S|1.0|I hooked up the unit and I am having a problem.  It seems it won't work on my Pioneer system in Phono mode.  It works on the VCR setting on the Pioneer but I'm getting a tremendous buzz.  Can anyone tell me what is wrong.  I'm about to check my Pioneer to see if something came loose but I haven't moved it since purchasing the new HDTV.
B004EPZ084|3.0|There were some funny parts in this movie, but it seems like the directors didn't really take advantage of them. The movie had a surprisingly strong cast and a potentially really funny plot, but in the end the main events go by way too quickly. Plot twists like being accused of a murder are great entries into comedy, but it seems before the full weight of the accusation sinks in the movie ends. I don't really know if this movie deserved 2 full hours, but at 1.5 hours it just seems like it's going through the motions.
0374275637|5.0|This book has already been very well described by many reviewers and so I will not waste your time repeating the same descriptions.  I just want to add my 5 star review to this outstanding book.  This work by a pioneering researcher into how we really make decisions is far superior to the large number of popular books describing those same things (e.g. Gladwell).  Those books are interesting and valuable in that they make readers aware of just how easily our brains can go wrong in a world very different from the one that shaped them.  However, Kahneman's book goes much deeper and does a remarkable job of helping the reader actually understand what is going on.  I simply loved it.  This book will also give you some ammunition in avoiding some of these mistakes; something most of the popular books make no attempt at doing.  If you are interested in the human brain, how we think, or just good science writing in general then you will not be disappointed by this work.  Two big thumbs up!
B004EPZ08E|3.0|There were some funny parts in this movie, but it seems like the directors didn't really take advantage of them. The movie had a surprisingly strong cast and a potentially really funny plot, but in the end the main events go by way too quickly. Plot twists like being accused of a murder are great entries into comedy, but it seems before the full weight of the accusation sinks in the movie ends. I don't really know if this movie deserved 2 full hours, but at 1.5 hours it just seems like it's going through the motions.
B004EPYZXK|5.0|I loved the hell out of this movie when I saw it in the theatre. The audience seemed to enjoy it as well. I get it if some people aren't into it, if they are looking for more gore or are tired of the \\"homemade movie genre\\", but I found it to be intense, scary, and entertaining. I was talking about it for days afterwards, and really felt like that was a movie that was totally worthwhile. I'll be buying this for my permanent collection. It really is like \\"Paranormal Activity in space\\", but it's also great for all the conspiracy theory lovers out there as well - in terms of the truth about Apollo missions, extra terrestrial/gov knowledge, and what the gov would do to a team in space if they had encountered something. So...you're getting your sci-fi groove on as well as your horror groove. More like paranormal activity meets X-files meets Alien.  :)
B00008PX8P|5.0|There is definitely a lot of LZ here at least 5 hours, covering the early days on disc one and up to an including material from \\"In Through The Out Door\\" on disc two. This covers a wide spectrume of LZ and is well worth the money and on Amazon is less than in stores.
B00005NG9Z|5.0|If you're an Alice in Chains fan or just a fan of the Seattle sound, this dvd is a must. It's amazing but makes me feel sad for what could've been.
B005N95JA4|2.0|Come back with me to the hazy days of 1978.  At the time I was a teenager and I loved all of the great music from the sixties, especially the old Stones' stuff.  But most of the those bands had broken up or were releasing garbage - Bob Dylan's Neil Diamond phase, The Who without Keith Moon?  Even Led Zep. released a crap album.  I felt like I had missed the party.  To say the Stones image had been tarnished before they released this album would be an understatement.  Since Exile on Main Street, the Stones had released a string of terrible albums - Goats Head Soup, It's Only Rock and Roll, Black and Blue, and especially Love You Live which really showed how much they had deteriorated as a live band.  By the end of the decade they were just another bloated, tired rock and roll band living off its back catalog.  This was supposed to be the album where they reclaimed their bad-ass image.  Put a little jet fuel back in the tank.  It didn't.  The album opens with a disco song!  DISCO?????  I remember thinking - you have got to be kidding.  The Jam, the Sex Pistols the Damned, and the Clash, even Elvis Costello, had laid down the gauntlet and you respond with a disco song?  People who were not around in the late '70s might not realize how much rock and roll fans hated disco.  In 2012 disco from the '70s sounds quaint - in the late '70s it was crap, and it was everywhere.  The rest of Some Girls consisted of muddled, badly produced, subpar rockers with lousy guitar playing, boring drumming and wimpy vocals.  Some people even said that the title track contained racist lyrics about \\"black girls\\".  There were two songs I liked  - Before they Make Me Run and Respectable.  That was it.  Thirty some years later everyone is calling this one of the great Stones' albums.  Forget it.  This album does not come close to Let it Bleed or Sticky Fingers.  Their fall from rock and roll relevance continued.  They were not the same band.  They had made the terrible mistake of hiring Ron Wood- who was never as good a guitar player as Mick Taylor.  Charlie Watts had developed this annoying, snare heavy style.  Bill Wyman was Bill Wyman.  Mick Jagger had totally sold out, his jet set image robbed him of any credibility.  Keith was just doing what Mick wanted him to do.  I shudder to think how songs not good enough to be on this album the first time around must sound.  Then there was the horrid Saturday Night Live performance, and the terrible tour that accompanied this album.  The Stones might say that Some Girls was a reaction to punk, but the absence of any real rock and roll didn't challenge it.  It justified it.  Don't believe the hype - there was no reason to re-release this album.  This band is only in it for the money and this is just another one of Mick's money-making schemes in my opinion.
0321334876|5.0|I used this book as my primary source to transition from programming at College in C (where most programs are several thousand lines at most) to programming professionally in C++ (where you often have to manage anywhere from tens of thousands to millions of lines of code, most of which were not written by you).  It does a fantastic job of giving you tips about the proper way to engineer your software so that it's not just correct, but also maintainable and self-documenting.  You'll also find reading other people's code much easier after going through this book, since the paradigms that Mr. Meyers describes aren't just for academic interest -- they're actually being used out there in the wild.  Each of the 55 \\"Tips\\" are quite short and fairly self-contained, and the Author's friendly style makes this book an extremely easy read to boot.  If you don't know why you'd bother to use a \\"const\\", why you'd use the more complicated C++ casts when the C-style casts work just fine, or why you would ever declare a constructor to be private, then it's time to pick up this book.  Even if you do know all of these things, this book will almost certainly teach you something, or at least remind you of a few techniques.  This should be everyone's second book on C/C++.  Highly recommended.
B0047Y17P2|5.0|I'm surprised this didn't get as good reviews as his earlier books. I really enjoyed it. I never was able to predict the ending until the last pages when it was given away. And then there was another little surprise on the very end. I love this character. The mystery was great and this one seemed to bring you in a little closer into the main character's love life and made him even more real. Great book.
B00689J512|1.0|I like beats in some of the songs they made you want to dance, but the lyrics made you want to turn it off. Just in time for christmas, but this album will never hit my christmas cart! I would'nt buy this for anyone teen are 21 and older.
B005R4255C|5.0|This has to be one of the best engineered albums of all time. If you are a long time Michael Jackson fan, this will be very refreshing to you. If you are a new Michael Jackson fan, this will only peak your interest in Michael Jackson's career.
B004FOA84A|4.0|Love this adventure. Only problem is too short.  I want to play more.  Very addictive game, I couldn't put it down.
B003ES5ZPK|5.0|Great Product
B000JO9Y6I|1.0|My sister-in-law INSISTED I would LOVE this show so I bought season one.  I forced myself to get though the first four episodes hoping it would get better--some shows are slow starters--but I don't think I can get through any more.  What an idiotic premise!  Don't waste your time.
B005OCFHHK|5.0|I waited for this collection without buying any of the individual movies. It's a very nice compact set, so if you love the movies and don't own any of the individual ones, this is the set for you! It is wider than a normal DVD or BluRay case, and ends up looking like a TV series single season set. It is also set up very nice, with each disc on its own \\"page\\" within the box (see photos). I'm not sure why, but all of the discs except Deathly Hallows Part 1 have a cover image while Deathly Hallows Part 1 is black. That is my only complaint about the set. BluRay is the way to go since it looks amazing on any size TV!<br /><br />Like some other reviewers have pointed out, this is essentially the individual movies packaged into a condensed set. If you're looking for extended versions of each of the movies, it looks like you'll have to wait nearly a year for that set to come out.
B001VS46DC|5.0|I really enjoyed this DVD....I thought I was purchasing a CD but I can enjoy it and not always watch.
B005JZBP8W|1.0|My Fair Lady, both the stage and film versions, have played major roles in shaping my understandings of music, theatre, cinematography -- and even, linguistics. Over the past 20 years, I have owned this film on VHS (twice), laserdisc, DVD (twice), and now on Blu-ray. Knowing what I do about the current film elements held by CBS, this Blu-ray is a severe disappointment.<br /><br />In the early 1990s, the original film elements were deteriorating in vaults; it was brittle, cracking, fading, and suffered from differential shrinkage. CBS paid a good sum in 1994 to save the film from being lost forever. Using digital technology to the best of their abilities, a new archival element was created -- preserving the film and allowing a new generation of viewers to see it in a condition not seen since the 1960s. At the same time, 35mm prints were created for LD, VHS, and later DVD transfers. Imperfections in the prints were not noticeable and yielded the best presentations in those formats due to their limited resolutions.<br /><br />Now we come to the Blu-ray. I am not entirely sure if this transfer comes from one of the previous 35mm prints (the only tell-tale sign is the 2.35:1 aspect ratio). However, this print has major flaws that were not seen in the previous releases. First, and somewhat minor issue, the text in the title sequence has some distracting movement; this becomes less apparent if you are watching on a screen smaller than 32\\".<br /><br />The major problem has to do with an image distortion on the left and right sides of the image. Approximately 20% of the screen is affected. It is as if you were viewing the film with tunnel vision -- or watching a 2.5 hour dream sequence where the DP has ordered Vaseline to be spread along the sides of the lens. The edges of the picture is hazy and milky -- sometimes, it appears as an amber haze in scenes that are dimly lit. Unfortunately, this occurs throughout the film. Even funnier, the 1994 'Restoration' credits presented at the end of the film also has the muddy edges! It was digitally generated on a solid pink background -- there shouldn't be any change in color. Contrary to what I have read on many on-line reviews, this disc will not satisfy the 'typical' Blu-ray viewer. How many films have you seen where the image fades and loses color along the edges?<br /><br />It is obvious that this disc was put together with little thought or consideration. The artwork on the cover is a rehash of a previous DVD release with more Photoshopping (flip the image along the vertical axis and add a pink-to-white gradient in the background); if the rights are available, it would have been better to use the original poster artwork. The art on the actual disc is generic -- a solid light blue with the title printed at the top. Possibly due to rights issues, only a few of the special features from previous formats are available on this disc.<br /><br />I believe this was an attempt to capitalize on the holiday season, since My Fair Lady often receives air time in between Thanksgiving and Christmas. I was extremely skeptical since its release was quickly and mysteriously announced this summer.<br /><br />I have contacted CBS Home Entertainment about the image problem. So far, I have not heard back from them.has the muddy edges! It was digitally generated on a solid pink background -- there shouldn't be any change in color. Contrary to what I have read on many on-line reviews, this disc will not satisfy the 'typical' Blu-ray viewer. How many films have you seen where the image fades and loses color along the edges?  It is obvious that this disc was put together with little thought or consideration. The artwork on the cover is a rehash of a previous DVD release with more Photoshopping (flip the image along the vertical axis and add a pink-to-white gradient in the background); if the rights are available, it would have been better to use the original poster artwork. The art on the actual disc is generic -- a solid light blue with the title printed at the top. Possibly due to rights issues, only a few of the special features from previous formats are available on this disc.   I believe this was an attempt to capitalize on the holiday season, since My Fair Lady often receives air time in between Thanksgiving and Christmas. I was extremely skeptical since its release was quickly and mysteriously announced this summer.   I have contacted CBS Home Entertainment about the image problem. So far, I have not heard back from them.
B004EPZ03Y|5.0|It's time to meet the Muppets.<br /><br />It's 2011 and the Muppets have been gone for a long time (since 2005), but anyways, they make their grand comeback in this excellent movie! The Muppets is filled with laughs and good storyline, leading to a good message. The Muppets is one of the best family movie I've seen all year and Jason Segal & Amy Adam do a fantastic job in this amazing movie! A+
B004T4LUPW|5.0|I love this app, doubles as my day planner on my kindle fire. I can customize the font size and color of the background, as well as sync to my smartphone and google gmail account.
0385341008|5.0|My daughter told me about this book.  I felt like I was there with these women.  It brings you into the story<br />and you want to keep reading until the end.  I wanted more when I was done.  The characters where stong and their suffering was<br />intense.  I want to read more by this author.
0596806027|3.0|this book is a short introduction to the main new elements of HTML5. It's easy to read but it will not become my reference book on HTML5. I would recommend it to people with HTML experience who wants to learn what's new in HTML5.
B002HWRYJE|1.0|The plot has more holes than a doughnut shop and is based on more coincidence than any logical thinking person could ever accept.  The Spock character is utterly unconvincing.  In fact, EVERY character is utterly unconvincing - with the notable exception of Kirk's.    I'm 48 and was a \\"Trekkie\\" before the term was ever coined.  As outlandish as some of those plots (and the subsequent movie plots were), they always flowed logically.  This movie just doesn't flow at all.  It is shallow, ridiculous and relies solely on \\"wow!\\" effects.  The engineering section of this Enterprise is more fitting of a 1960's Naval submarine.  Apparently this enterprise is steam powered.  (I'm a Naval engineer.)  There is ZERO homage paid to the original engineering set, which actually looked far more futuristic and convincing than this shameful mockery.  I HATE this movie and nearly stopped it on several occasions - purely out of disgust.  Buy the most updated version of the original series and forget this abomination of this mess, which is essentially a slap in the face to Roddenberry's original vision.  OR, if you want two hours of \\"Trek\\" movie entertainment, rent \\"The Wrath of Kahn.\\"  More cerebral folks would be best served by \\"The Next Generation,\\" which is more \\"Einstein and Shakespeare\\" instead of this movie's \\"Earnie and Bert.\\"
B005V20JKI|1.0|On further levels, game randomly hangs my Galaxy S so hard that I have to take battery out. After one such failure my save data was wiped out. I liked gameplay, but you can't play game with unlockables if you lose them every so often. 1/5
B003NFM3JK|2.0|Watched this with the family tonight and it was nearly a complete flop. We rarely watch PG with our little ones but they had seen older versions of A Christmas Carol and were familiar with the story - this one is pumped full of adrenaline and creepiness. Really? Why? The tale is much better told for meaning than for thrills. I guess maybe those bases were covered with the earlier, and in my opinion much better, versions of the tale adapted to film.   That said the voice acting was good and I am fond of the actors involved (in general). The CGI was ... well creepy but good (in a Polar Express way). The story stayed pretty much true to Dickens' work - but it diluted it with 3D moments and action. Perhaps this speaks to the tween/teen market better than traditional dramatizations but it just wasn't really for us.  With at least four very good live action versions in circulation we won't need to view this 'amped up' version again.  Just our .02
B004AYCWZI|2.0|I should preface this review with the information that I didn't finish the book. I began The Hundred-Foot Journey hoping to get new and renewed appreciation for Indian and French culture and cuisine. I overlooked distractions such as Abbas Haji's accent, the fact that buildings in Lumiere were constructed of limestone instead of the local granite, Morais' inconsistent use of French, and the unlikely scene at the Lumiere market. But I couldn't overlook the fact that Morais tried to pass off Hassan as simultaneously a first and third person narrator. He stands at the border of Madame Mallory's property (\\"The small hotel's garden was quite long and deep, almost a field, and it gently sloped down a hill to where I stood\\") and from this vantage point can see the chef \\"pluck some pink, immature leaves from the plants center\\" and \\"scope out the thistle fuzz called the choke.\\" From this distance he can hear all the conversation between Madame Mallory and her sous chef as if he were hovering directly above them. I have been reading some great literature lately, and that must be why I decided to stop wondering if I should suspend disbelief or ignore something as basic as a confusing narrative voice...and I closed the book.
B004FJJGBG|5.0|Mine eyes have seen the treasure of the gift of Movie 3-D;  From theater old school Red & Blue to Active Shutters for Home TV;  It has escaped from Oscar's shackles and set technology for people free;  Avatar has marched us on!  3-D, 3-D is Coming To Ya!  3-D, 3-D is Coming To Ya!  3-D, 3-D is Coming To Ya!  Avatar has marched us on!  Panasonic Viera Plasma is the Ultimate 3D-TV;  They bundled Gen 3 shutter glasses with 3-D Avatar to see;  When set loose on the Oppo through the Sony Receiver A/V;  Our 3-D Home Theater is rocking on!  3-D, 3-D is Coming To Ya!  3-D, 3-D is Coming To Ya!  3-D, 3-D is Coming To Ya!  Our 3-D Home Theater is rocking on!  Give credit to the Father for allowing us to see;  How His Mercy, Grace and Righteousness has gifted man for free;  If it was not for His Love for us we would not have 3D-TV;  Our Man Caves would still be stone!  3-D, 3-D is Coming To Ya!  3-D, 3-D is Coming To Ya!  3-D, 3-D is Coming To Ya!  Our Man Caves would still be stone!  Our Drum Major has led us to glimpse the Beauty of The Lord;  He's made a Gracious Offer that we all can afford;  Just believe in Him and follow Him to where your eternal 3-D is stored;  Our God is Marching On!  <Refrain through 3D Eternity>  Glory, Glory, Hallelujah  Glory, Glory, Hallelujah  Glory, Glory, Hallelujah  Our God is Marching On!  <Refrain through 3D Eternity>  ...Blessings, GhillieMan
B005F6NA56|5.0|1234 IS AN EXCELLENT SONG THAT EVENTUALLY TURNED ME ONTO HER MUSIC, ITS ABOUT HOW PAST LOVES N AQUAINTANCES AFFECT YOUR LIVES, AND HOW YOU CANT GET IT BACK, AND ALSO HOW SOME OF US MAY HAVE A HARDENING OF THE HEART! ANYWAY LOOK UP A LIVE SHOW OF \\"SEA LION WOMAN\\" ON YOUTUBE OR READ THE LYRICS TO \\"1234\\"
B000KKPN5C|5.0|This is not a powerful room blaster of a flash. But it is a very convenient step-up from the built-in flash on my D90. I can carry it easily in my pocket, and get it out when I need it. The bounce flash feature gives some really nice shadow free photos, but is limited to rooms with relatively low ceilings and short distances. If these limitations are a problem for you, get a more powerful unit. But, considering the moderate price of the SB-400, you might want to get it in addition to one of the larger units. It sure can be handy when you don't want to carry around one of the larger units.
B004YDMXOA|5.0|SOME OF THE MOST ROCKIN MUSIC FROM THE 80'S  PROBABLY IN THE TOP 30 ALBUMS OF ALL TIME IN ROCK N ROLL!  OTHER TOP 30 ALBUMS:   BOSTON (1ST ALBUM)  BLACK SABBATH (SABBATH BLOODY SABBATH)  ANY TROGGS  THE SWEET  BLUE OYSTER CULT  ANGEL ETC...
B004LROUNG|2.0|I like reading Mr Grishams books and have enjoyed most, if not all. But this one left me not wanting more of Mr Grisham.
B000025TOL|5.0|EXCELLENT ROCK N ROLL, NOT PUNK MUSIC, EVERY SONG ON THIS CD ROCKS HARD...  THE RAMONES ARE FOUR BROTHERS THAT TELL IT LIKE IT IS, BOUT HOW THE WORLD SUCKS AND WHAT YOU CAN DO WITH IT!
B005UG542S|5.0|A FITTING END TO THE BEST SERIES OF ALL TIME!!!! :D CAN'T WAIT TO BUY THEM ALL ON BLURAY! This movie was so exciting and it had me sad and happy till the end. I can't believe I been watching & reading Harry Potter since I was a kid and now I'm 21 years old. I can't help but be choked up inside.
1419702238|5.0|Zoo-we-mama! The sixth instalment in `Diary of a Wimpy Kid' series from genius children's author, Jeff Kinney.<br /><br />Confession . . .  I am a wee bit obsessed with the `Diary of a Wimpy Kid' series. It all started when I watched the movie last year, and spent the whole film painfully belly-laughing. After that I devoured the first five books, and then bought them for my little cousins to enjoy too.<br /><br />So when the sixth book arrived in my hot little hand I got gleefully stuck into it (and partially because my cousins are harassing me to read it and pass onto them).<br /><br />In `Cabin Fever', forever nerd Greg Heffley is accused of a horrible crime regarding damage to school property. A truly heinous, awful crime that he maybe-sorta-definitely did commit.<br /><br />But Greg receives a Hail Mary when a terrible blizzard traps the Heffley family indoors and away from the school inquisition . . .  except being stuck inside for infinite family time gives the Heffley's a dose of cabin fever.<br /><br />This was a fantastic instalment in an infectious kid's series! All our favourites are back, from Rowley to Rodrick. Greg is as lovably goofy and hopeless as ever. In `Cabin Fever' he turns into a criminal mastermind (sort of), but receives his punishment in the form of room-sharing with big brother Rodrick. Hilarity ensues.<br /><br />In this novel Greg observes the unfairness of boy push-ups versus girl push-ups, he finds his old doll Alfrendo and kidnaps a grandmother.<br /><br />Jeff Kinney's series is fantastic and not just for kids (as evidenced by my belly-laughs while reading). `Cabin Fever' is another wonderful instalment in an already classic series, and I can't wait for the seventh book.
B005DI994W|5.0|This film was purchased from Amazon.<br /><br />This movie portrays the story of a real hero, one who had considered himself a coward. His fellow officers presented him<br /><br />with the feathers as proof of his cowardice.  The story of his redemption is truly gripping.
1451648537|5.0|This man was one of the most incredible men of our time, his style, his vison, makes this a great read.
B0050KEVO6|5.0|seriously awesome,  so simple and amusing. I have wasted wayy too many hours playing this one lol. I highly recommend this game.
B004KPLVW2|4.0|This movie defines \\"classic\\". Loved it and it made understanding the 2nd a LOT better. On another note, I love that anytime I use amazon i can rely on a speedy delivery. I recieved this ahead of schedule, as usual.
0307477479|3.0|There is an anticipation reading this book, of how these vignette stories will ultimately come together.  They ultimately do overlap, but only by the smallest, most immaterial fragments.  The book was, for me, a collection of short stories.  To the extent there are themes, they circle around the power of memory, the impact of past on present, and how aspirations define us when we're young and the extent to which we achieve them defines us when we're older.  But aren't these themes universal?  They don't pack a lot of punch here.<br /><br />If \\"time\\" is in fact the goon referred to in the title, the title is a misnomer for me.  A goon squad to my understanding is a loose organization of thugs, assembled to incite fear for a political purpose.  Time is not threatening or something to fear in this novel.  It's just life.  If there was a deeper point, I didn't get it.<br /><br />On the positive side, Jennifer Egan writes with rich, textured prose, and some of the characters are interesting.  Unfortunately about halfway through the book you begin to wonder what the point is, and it never delivers.<br /><br />I listened to this book on audio CD, narrated by Roxana Ortega.  Ms. Ortega's male characters sound gruff and cartoon-like, but she has a warm, attractive voice overall, and brings a nice sensitivity to the material.
B005GVA2L0|5.0|I CANNOT take this cd out of my car! Unless it's to take it into the house to listen to!
B000AMJDHY|2.0|I thought this was gonna be a great album. The song \\"I write sins not tragedies\\" is simply amazing. But don't be fooled, the rest of the album pretty much sucks. If you heard \\"I write sins not tragedies\\" on the radio and loved it, like i did, do your self a favor and just buy the single.
B005PTQPU0|5.0|I a in love with this album. It's not the kind of music she used to put out before that you could listen to anywhere. This is the stuff you play when you want to be alone and not think about the rest of the world. It takes you away into her world.  I find it interesting that its an album about snow, but I find it very comforting and warm. She doesn't go crazy as she used to, but her voice is very soothing. And I love that its mostly just her and her piano - makes the album seem very personal.   My favorite song I would say is the first one. Snowflake. An absolutely beautiful piece. All of the songs are great though. Definitely a must buy for fans of Bush (that is if you're ok with 7-minute long songs, which I find perfectly fine. Wouldn't have it any other way).
1902040457|5.0|Ordered Roman Coins by Sear (Vol II) as a used book / like new. Received the book within days. Looks new to me. Great price. Quick service. Extremely satisfied.  For the serious collector of Roman coins, Mr. Sears' books are a must. The information contained therein is both priceless and timeless. The values may change, but the relative rarity between the issues will always remain the same, barring the discovery of a large hoard.
0811879542|5.0|I saw this book on a children's bestseller list and read the reviews.  I thought it looked silly, but I ordered it for a gift for my nieces.  They are 3 and 5 and absolutely LOVE it!  I highly recommend it and I will be buying it as a gift for my nephews for Christmas.
B000HWZ5WE|5.0|Sea of Love & Rockin' at Midnight...what's more to say. Those 2 songs are worth the price right there. But 2 more jewels are Young Boy Blues and I Gotta Woman. Love the cd. Jimmy and Robert at their best!!
B004EPYZQ2|5.0|This film worked for me on several levels, but for those of us who were budding filmmakers in the late 70s and early 80s, this was a love letter and a testament all rolled into one. At one point or another I uttered virtually every line those kids said while trying to talk my friends into my filmmaking exploits (though they were far more successful than I ever was at talking family and friends into the act). This film was beautifully shot, wonderfully acted, and aside from JJ Abrams's penchant to insert superflous lens flares into everything he makes, it was an outstanding snapshot of the era. A shame there aren't more movies being made like this these days.
B000002MIY|4.0|The jazziest of Donald's work, in or out of Steely Dan. This is mostly a Steely Dan record and sets the stage for the masterpiece \\"Two Against Nature.\\" Lots of great sideman appear on this one, and it is very slickly produced by sidekick Walter Becker. I like the clean sound, especially in songs like Snowbound and Florida Room. When I first got the cassette almost 20 years ago, I couldn't stop playing it and made myself tire of it. Reordered it and after all these years its still fresh. \\"A virus wearing pumps and pearls\\" what a great line. If you like your rock smooth and jazzy: Check it out, its worth the ride.
B003Y74AZ2|5.0|I got this for my new iPhone 4s. It doesn't add much bulk and, most importantly for me, makes it much easier to grip. There is no screen protector, but I wasn't looking for one. People have commented to me how much they like my case and are surprised when I tell them the price. It's a great value.
B0014KD46W|5.0|Not a fan of the first song \\"I'm not Drowning,\\" it just doesn't fit with the other eight songs.   \\"Fly\\" is an awesome tune that brings you back to the seventies, it would have fit on any Traffic record.   \\"Raging Sea\\" has great Hammond organ and percussion, would fit with his eighties stuff.   \\"Dirty City\\" has Clapton and is a classic: Does anyone play the B3 better than Steve? I don't think so.   \\"We're All Looking\\" is another that would fit with his eighties stuff, again great organ: love the bass line.   \\"Hungry Man\\" is Winwood for the 2000's, great guitar by Neto.   \\"Secrets\\" is funky and groovy B3, top notch guitar, awesome percussion, and great flute. Bravo!  \\"At Times We Do Forget\\" is a solid 5 star Winwood song from any era, his voice has never sounded better.  \\"Other Shore\\" is a mellow, smooth jazz type tune with great vocals. Drummer Richard Baily shines.  In summary: The greatest Hammond B3 player ever, great guitar work, excellent percussion, solid horn player and a singer that sounds better than ever. Sounds like 5 stars to me, just skip the first song.
B003R4ZMNQ|5.0|it came ontime as promised and i like it.  its good to see how the series began.  i never cared for the origional but this is an fun updated show
B002CVQ7P2|4.0|I can see the points of those that don't like it and of course I see the side that likes it. This is a sometimes brilliant, sometimes spacey, sometimes jazzy, and sometimes silly album. But, it is always great music to these ears. Listening right now to the female space vocals similar to a Gong album, then right into an intense march beat with Hammond organ. Awesome. I give it 4 stars as it can get a little dragged down but not for long. The Rotters Club is a 5 star effort, they perfected it for the second album.   Phil Miller the guitar player is different than most I have heard and he is masterful. Richard Sinclair on bass, has jazz licks and a top notch voice, some great exchanges with Miller. Pip Pyle is one of the top 5 drummers in prog rock, damn he is good. Dave Stewart on keyboards and I suspect the musical direction is a master of his craft as well. If you like 70's mellow prog, you will dig this.
1451627289|5.0|Finally...the King of old is back!!  If you read Stephen King back in the 70s and 80s and loved him, but found his latest stuff to be a bit off the wall even for him, you are going to LOVE his latest book!  11/22/63 is the old King.  It is the King who develops his characters and makes us care about them.  It is the King who brings back former characters (from IT) for us to see again.  It is the King *I* have missed for years.    The premise is simple...if we can go back and change the past should we do it?  Can we do it?  Does it want to be changed?  What will happen?  Jake/George has to make this decision, and it is a great ride from there!  Not since The Stand have I wanted a book to continue like this one.  When it ended I found myself sad and wanting more...whereas many of King's latest books have left me sad and wondering why I bought it.  This is the King of Old.  Enjoy.
B00000DGUY|4.0|I was not a real big fan of Dire Straits, enjoyed a few of their tunes but thought they weren't up to my level. I bought this to have some of their music and it soon became one of my favorite CD's. The average fan doesn't know about the other versions or what we are missing. This is a great collection of tunes, not a bad one on here. If your like me and like to have some music from various bands without buying the whole collection, this one is a great bargain. Look out though it might have you buying more from this great band.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|This collection of Star Wars movies is very well done in Blu-ray.  The original 3 movies have beautiful clarity and color in comparison to when they first came out.  The 3 newer movies are even better than ever in the Blu-ray form.  The collection arrived in great condition and very quickly, in a matter of just a few days.  The price was very fair compared to other stores offering this collection.
B005VMV3I0|1.0|The storyline and the actors sucked!  Who would think that with all those top rated actors, that it would be such a bad movie.  You were warned.
B0031YJFCQ|5.0|Wow. I highly recommend the entire \\"Girl With/Who...\\" (Millennium) Trilogy.<br /><br />Part 3, [[ASIN:B0031YJFCQ The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest (Vintage)]] picks up right where Part 2, [[ASIN:B001NLKT60 The Girl Who Played with Fire (Vintage Crime/Black Lizard)]], ends. Lisbeth Salander, who is the crazy, talented, computer genius, and key to the series, didn't appear as much in Part 3 and I really missed her. We finally learn about the terror and strength of her childhood, which formed the person we see in the trilogy.<br /><br />The first book, [[ASIN:B0015DROBO The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (Millennium Trilogy)]], starts out a little slow because you get some background about different threads of the story in turn, without any idea how they'll fit together.<br /><br />Parts 3 (The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest) doesn't have the slow start problem since it's a continuation of Part 2, but it does slow down a time or two in the middle when we're introduced to new characters. The slow parts don't last very long; be patient and the pace picks up again shortly. That new thread will weave in too, in a very surprising fashion.<br /><br />If you haven't read any of the series, this isn't something you want to start in the middle. Plan to begin with Part 1, read the first several chapters at one sitting and then you'll be into the interesting part for the rest of the series.<br /><br />I read all three books in just under three weeks. I haven't enjoyed reading so much since I was a kid. I began Part 2 (The Girl Who Played with Fire), around 8 am on a Sunday and read straight through to around 3 am on Monday, with a few breaks for meals. I finished the last half of Part 3 (The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest), in a similar fashion, devoting a large part of a weekend to reading.<br /><br />I'd probably consider the books PG-13 or R-rated, with different circumstances over the course of the Trilogy. Warning: foul language, violence, sex (same and opposite), rape, murder.<br /><br />It's a long, intense series, but not necessarily explicit. If you're looking for a light, easy read, look elsewhere. If you want depth, complexity, mystery, and suspense, the trilogy is awesome.<br /><br />Throughout the books, I had a hard time keeping track of who was who. The books were originally written in Swedish and mostly take place in Sweden, so the names were odd to me (not the book's fault) and many people/place names tended to blur together for me because there were so many characters and places. There are a lot of characters to go with the complex stories.<br /><br />In spite of the issues above, I have to give all three books 5 stars out of 5. I was always eager to find out what would happen next. And the author surprised me several times. I'm still amazed at the masterful weave of complex storylines.cessarily explicit. If you're looking for a light, easy read, look elsewhere. If you want depth, complexity, mystery, and suspense, the trilogy is awesome.      Throughout the books, I had a hard time keeping track of who was who. The books were originally written in Swedish and mostly take place in Sweden, so the names were odd to me (not the book's fault) and many people/place names tended to blur together for me because there were so many characters and places. There are a lot of characters to go with the complex stories.     In spite of the issues above, I have to give all three books 5 stars out of 5. I was always eager to find out what would happen next. And the author surprised me several times. I'm still amazed at the masterful weave of complex storylines.
1576875776|5.0|I was interested in this book when I read the announcement and for the price I couldn't leave it. Today it arrived and tonight I finally had the time to have a good look at the pictures.<br /><br />Vivian's story is explained elsewhere, so I won't repeat it. I'll just give my impressions of the book.<br /><br />All pictures appear to be taken with the Rolleiflex, giving square pictures. All pictures have the same size and similar toning, which gives a great consistency throughout the book. The pictures themselves show everyday scenes from a long time ago, from all parts of society. You'll find old people, young kids, homeless people, rich folk, men and women and many different scenes. From the pictures I gather that her style was very unobtrusive, just letting the stories unravel in front of her eyes (and lens) and firing the shutter at the right time. There are quite a few pictures where you see people looking at the camera, but many more where she seems to be a passive observer.<br /><br />What I love about this book is that the images come across as totally unpretentious, void of the \\"artsy\\" side some photographers appear to want to develop. Wonderful, if there's a second book coming out, I can't wait to pre-order it.<br /><br />The paper and print quality is pretty decent for the price, although some pictures had tiny dots where they shouldn't be. Probably due to the price constraint. It's printed in China, which pushes the price down too I guess. Nothing bad, again, the prints are still very nice and I have more expensive books in my collection that are worse in terms of quality. Don't let this hold you back in buying the book. Amazon has a great return policy anyway.
B0015DROBO|5.0|Wow. I highly recommend the entire \\"Girl With/Who...\\" (Millennium) Trilogy. The first book, [[ASIN:B0015DROBO The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (Millennium Trilogy)]], starts out a little slow because you get some background about different threads of the story in turn, without any idea how they'll fit together. I read probably the first two or three chapters at different times and wasn't getting into it. Then I read a few reviews that said stick with it a while and the threads will begin to come together. I'm grateful for those comments and wholeheartedly agree, be patient. At my next sitting, which turned out to be not too far into the book, things did start to tie together and I was hooked. I am amazed at how many complex threads the author wove together. Plan to read the first several chapters at one sitting and then you'll be into the interesting part.<br /><br />Part 1, [[ASIN:B0015DROBO The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (Millennium Trilogy)]], ends at a good point and can be considered a standalone novel. Part 2, [[ASIN:B001NLKT60 The Girl Who Played with Fire (Vintage Crime/Black Lizard)]], picks up with the same core characters a year later. Here, we learn a lot about the crazy brilliant girl with the dragon tattoo and go where you'd never expect. Part 2, [[ASIN:B001NLKT60 The Girl Who Played with Fire (Vintage Crime/Black Lizard)]], ends in a cliffhanger so you'll want to continue on to Part 3, [[ASIN:B0031YJFCQ The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest (Vintage)]]. I got all three from the library, with about a month's wait. I put all three eBooks on hold at the same time. Miraculously, they came available in the right order over two weeks. I read all three in just under three weeks. I haven't enjoyed reading so much since I was a kid. I began Part 2, [[ASIN:B001NLKT60 The Girl Who Played with Fire (Vintage Crime/Black Lizard)]], around 8 am on a Sunday and read straight through to around 3 am on Monday, with a few breaks for meals. I finished the last half of Part 3, [[ASIN:B0031YJFCQ The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest (Vintage)]], in a similar fashion, devoting a large part of a weekend to reading.<br /><br />I'd probably consider the books PG-13 or R-rated, with different circumstances over the course of the Trilogy. Warning: foul language, violence, sex (same and opposite), rape, murder. It's a long, intense series, but not necessarily explicit. If you're looking for a light, easy read, look elsewhere. If you want depth, complexity, mystery, and suspense, the trilogy is awesome. Part 3, [[ASIN:B0031YJFCQ The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest (Vintage)]], stepped back a few times and went into background about a new character, which slowed the action, just like the beginning of Part 1, [[ASIN:B0015DROBO The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (Millennium Trilogy)]]. Be patient and that thread will weave in too, in a very surprising fashion.<br /><br />Throughout the books, I had a hard time keeping track of who was who. The books were originally written in Swedish and mostly take place in Sweden, so the names were odd to me (not the book's fault) and many people/place names tended to blur together for me because there were so many characters and places. There are a lot of characters to go with the complex stories.<br /><br />In spite of the issues above, I have to give all three books 5 stars out of 5. I was always eager to find out what would happen next. And the author surprised me several times. I'm still amazed at the masterful weave of complex storylines.[ASIN:B0031YJFCQ The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest (Vintage)]], in a similar fashion, devoting a large part of a weekend to reading.     I'd probably consider the books PG-13 or R-rated, with different circumstances over the course of the Trilogy. Warning: foul language, violence, sex (same and opposite), rape, murder. It's a long, intense series, but not necessarily explicit. If you're looking for a light, easy read, look elsewhere. If you want depth, complexity, mystery, and suspense, the trilogy is awesome. Part 3, [[ASIN:B0031YJFCQ The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest (Vintage)]], stepped back a few times and went into background about a new character, which slowed the action, just like the beginning of Part 1, [[ASIN:B0015DROBO The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (Millennium Trilogy)]]. Be patient and that thread will weave in too, in a very surprising fashion.      Throughout the books, I had a hard time keeping track of who was who. The books were originally written in Swedish and mostly take place in Sweden, so the names were odd to me (not the book's fault) and many people/place names tended to blur together for me because there were so many characters and places. There are a lot of characters to go with the complex stories.     In spite of the issues above, I have to give all three books 5 stars out of 5. I was always eager to find out what would happen next. And the author surprised me several times. I'm still amazed at the masterful weave of complex storylines.
B005V20JKI|4.0|Having just now completed the game, I can say that if I had a demo of this game I'd likely have bought it. It's a lot of fun and a great time waster as well. I'll admit that I'm a sucker for RPG elements in most games and this one does not disappoint.  My only complaint is that some of the switchable characters are fairly worthless and it makes it hard to play when you keep getting junk from each muffin. I'd love to see a survival type mode where you get to pick from the list of characters which will randomly show up (maybe list a roster of 5). I'd love to see that feature in the main campaign as well.   I still have more to play, I've maxed out my lives and perks thus far, onto character types!
B001NLKT60|5.0|Wow. I highly recommend the entire \\"Girl With/Who...\\" (Millennium) Trilogy. The first book, [[ASIN:B0015DROBO The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (Millennium Trilogy)]], starts out a little slow because you get some background about different threads of the story in turn, without any idea how they'll fit together. I read probably the first two or three chapters at different times and wasn't getting into it. Then I read a few reviews that said stick with it a while and the threads will begin to come together. I'm grateful for those comments and wholeheartedly agree, be patient. At my next sitting, which turned out to be not too far into the book, things did start to tie together and I was hooked. I am amazed at how many complex threads the author wove together.<br /><br />Parts 2, [[ASIN:B001NLKT60 The Girl Who Played with Fire (Vintage Crime/Black Lizard)]], and 3, [[ASIN:B0031YJFCQ The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest (Vintage)]], pick up much faster because we've already got background on the main characters in Part 1 (The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo). This isn't a series that you'd want to start in the middle. Plan to begin with Part 1, read the first several chapters at one sitting and then you'll be into the interesting part for the rest of the series.<br /><br />Part 1 (The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo), ends at a good point and can be considered a standalone novel. Part 2 (The Girl Who Played with Fire), picks up with the same core characters a year later. Here, we learn a lot about the crazy brilliant girl with the dragon tattoo and go where you'd never expect. Part 2 (The Girl Who Played with Fire), ends in a cliffhanger so you'll want to continue on to Part 3 (The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest). I got all three from the library, with about a month's wait. I put all three eBooks on hold at the same time. Miraculously, they came available in the right order over two weeks. I read all three in just under three weeks. I haven't enjoyed reading so much since I was a kid. I began Part 2 (The Girl Who Played with Fire), around 8 am on a Sunday and read straight through to around 3 am on Monday, with a few breaks for meals. I finished the last half of Part 3 (The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest), in a similar fashion, devoting a large part of a weekend to reading.<br /><br />I'd probably consider the books PG-13 or R-rated, with different circumstances over the course of the Trilogy. Warning: foul language, violence, sex (same and opposite), rape, murder. In Part 2, I got really tired of a paranoid cop who kept imagining the worst about the \\"crazy girl\\" (Lisbeth Salander) and using all sorts of insulting language about her. She didn't appear as much in Part 3 and I really missed her. Lisbeth Salander is the key to the series.<br /><br />It's a long, intense series, but not necessarily explicit. If you're looking for a light, easy read, look elsewhere. If you want depth, complexity, mystery, and suspense, the trilogy is awesome. Part 3 (The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest), stepped back a few times and went into background about a new character, which slowed the action, just like the beginning of Part 1 (The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (Millennium Trilogy)). Be patient and that thread will weave in too, in a very surprising fashion.<br /><br />Throughout the books, I had a hard time keeping track of who was who. The books were originally written in Swedish and mostly take place in Sweden, so the names were odd to me (not the book's fault) and many people/place names tended to blur together for me because there were so many characters and places. There are a lot of characters to go with the complex stories.<br /><br />In spite of the issues above, I have to give all three books 5 stars out of 5. I was always eager to find out what would happen next. And the author surprised me several times. I'm still amazed at the masterful weave of complex storylines.an Part 2 (The Girl Who Played with Fire), around 8 am on a Sunday and read straight through to around 3 am on Monday, with a few breaks for meals. I finished the last half of Part 3 (The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest), in a similar fashion, devoting a large part of a weekend to reading.     I'd probably consider the books PG-13 or R-rated, with different circumstances over the course of the Trilogy. Warning: foul language, violence, sex (same and opposite), rape, murder. In Part 2, I got really tired of a paranoid cop who kept imagining the worst about the \\"crazy girl\\" (Lisbeth Salander) and using all sorts of insulting language about her. She didn't appear as much in Part 3 and I really missed her. Lisbeth Salander is the key to the series.   It's a long, intense series, but not necessarily explicit. If you're looking for a light, easy read, look elsewhere. If you want depth, complexity, mystery, and suspense, the trilogy is awesome. Part 3 (The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest), stepped back a few times and went into background about a new character, which slowed the action, just like the beginning of Part 1 (The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo (Millennium Trilogy)). Be patient and that thread will weave in too, in a very surprising fashion.      Throughout the books, I had a hard time keeping track of who was who. The books were originally written in Swedish and mostly take place in Sweden, so the names were odd to me (not the book's fault) and many people/place names tended to blur together for me because there were so many characters and places. There are a lot of characters to go with the complex stories.     In spite of the issues above, I have to give all three books 5 stars out of 5. I was always eager to find out what would happen next. And the author surprised me several times. I'm still amazed at the masterful weave of complex storylines.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Color is good, response time is excellent, for this challenging little devil. As much as I like this game, it does NOT have an unlimited number of challenges, the way Angry Birds seems to. After you complete level 35 (or so), all you can do is start over again. Plays well on the Kindle Fire, and only costs $0.95 cents.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|this game is very fun it has cool levels and it is funny to see the birds fly.  i hope thid game will beable to play in ipods
B0011UBDTK|3.0|Received on time. Qualty was gritty.  A couple of the discs did not work.  Vendor said I had to go through Amazon.  Amazon has never responded.
0545265355|5.0|i love this book series, so much!when i read the first one i started to think i should just buy them all. so i did. but seriously this is a very good book series and lots of my friends have read it so i picked it up and read it ( do not get the kindle edition of any of these books they always get screwed up.) anyways a good book. i would recommend this to 10 and up because many adults have read and even my mom has read so pick it up if you are a fan of the harry potter series twilight artemis fowl etc... enjoy!
B00632HWOG|1.0|i downloaded this app specifically for messenger.....says you can switch between mail and messenger .....messenger is not compatible with fire....wth????????????????
B005V20JKI|4.0|Downloaded this not knowing what to expect.  Was pleasantly surprised! Fun game with great characters. Nice level up system.   The pumpkin head character is lame though.   It works on kindle fire unlike the review above said. If it doesn't load right away try a hard restart.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|I've tried many other keyboards, but this is the best one by far... The predictions are fantastic... The keyboard learns your writing style soon &amp; it makes typing so much quicker... Very intuitive keyboard... Definitely recommended!
B0068TJLSY|4.0|J.J. Abrams movie is mysterious through much of the movie and has you guessing.  The movies destruction scenes are imminence and impressive. On top of this the movie is touching at times and makes you feel for the young characters.  And finally there are some parts of the movie that will just make you laugh.  A great watch and just plain fun.
1423140591|5.0|Rick Riordan does it again with The Son of Neptune. Everyone in my house couldn't wait to get their hands on Riordan's latest installment of the adventures of the Kids from Olympus. This time, around, though, the twists and turns are getting windier and windier. What really struck me, though, was that, as Riordan's audience has grown with Percy, so have Riordan's novels. This new one adds several dimensions that have not been present in the past and Riordan's readers are required to do a little more thinking. The amount of time between the appearances of specific characters has gotten longer and the focus on personality deeper than in the first Olympian series.<br /><br />It's not that there's not plenty of action: it's definitely still there! It's that it's accompanied now by greater attention to who each character IS rather than just what he or she DOES. And the new characters are just delightful. Each of them seems to have a more convoluted history than the last. Riordan also reminds readers that demigods can come from anywhere and can be of any background.<br /><br />Readers are also invited to compare and contrast the challenges faced by the Children of Camp Jupiter and the kids of Camp Half-Blood, which leads to comparing and contrasting aspects of Greek and Roman culture as well. This inevitably leads to seeking out the \\"Roman\\" versions of familiar myths and questions about why the Romans invested in the same gods such different personae.<br /><br />I would recommend, though, that readers of The Son of Neptune go ahead and order a copy of The Lost Hero as well. Riordan does a fair job of filling in the gaps for new readers, but those new readers are going to want to go back and read the earlier stories.
B00004R99J|5.0|Pocahontas is one hour and twenty-one minutes long and released in theaters on June 23, 1995. The film takes place in the year 1607 on a voyage from London to James Town. The crewmen are basically looking for adventure, Governor John Radcliffe (the leader of the expedition and unknown to the crew) is seeking to find gold mainly because Spain has found gold in Mexico and South America and this is his last chance to redeem himself. Captain John Smith is also part of the crew mainly for the adventure. Once the ship lands in the New World, Governor John Radcliffe hands out the shovels and picks and orders his men to start digging. Meanwhile John Smith is scouting the land for any Indians that might be unfriendly to the settlers. While scouting the land, he meets Pocahontas and the two quickly bond. John Smith explains to Pocahontas that the expedition here is to look for gold and Pocahontas tells John Smith that her village has no gold. John Smith returns to camp and explains to the crew and Governor John Radcliffe that the Tsenacommacah people have no gold. Governor John Radcliffe believes this is a lie and plans to attack the tribe at first sunlight. John Smith sneaks back out at night to warn Pocahontas and her people. Kocoum comes looking for Pocahontas and finds John Smith there with her. Kocoum attacks John Smith and is killed by Thomas who is trying to save John. John Smith is brought back by the village to be killed the next day. Before Chief Powhatan can kill him Pocahontas intervenes and saves John. The crew sees this and puts down their weapons; however Governor Radcliffe thinks this is a trick and aims his musket at Chief Powhatan to kill him. Captain John Smith saves Chief Powhatan and is serious wounded. In the Captain John Smith is taken back to London for treatment of his wound and Governor John Radcliffe is sent back to London in chains.<br /><br />The main thing I did not like about the movie and did not mention above is the character of Grandmother Willow which is a giant willow tree with a women's face. Those scenes just made the movie weird. Pocahontas is the first Disney movie to be bases on a real life person even if the movie did interpret the events correctly. Pocahontas is an enjoyable movie to watch and gets an A+.<br /><br />DVD EXTRAS<br /><br />Chapter Selection<br />Set Up<br />Bonus Material<br />A. Pocahontas Read-Along<br />B. Pocahontas Trivia Game<br />C. Music Video<br />a. Colors of the Wind - Performed by Vanessa Williams<br />b. If You Never Knew - Performed by Jon Secada and Shanice<br />D. Theatrical Trailer<br />Preview Trailers<br />A. The Little Mermaid II Return to the Sea<br />B. The Tigger Movie<br />C. Toy Story 2<br />Play<br /><br />VHS PREVIEWS<br />A. The Hunchback of Notre Dame<br />B. The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh<br />C. The Aristocats<br />D. Aladdin and the King of Thieves
B000O8OTNC|4.0|I got this little guy because it was cheap and my kitchen knives were getting pretty dull. I wouldn't use this on more  expensive blades, but for my 20 dollar chefs knife it worked great. Got the knives I've used it on back to their former glory and made things much easier in the kitchen. It is quick and easy to use and did what I expected a cheap sharpener to do.
1442346272|5.0|I was impressed when I opened the cd set and saw 20 CDs . I knew that I would have hours of enjoyment during my commute. The book is well researched and spans the birth if the tech age, silicon valley , Steve Jobs personal life, accomplishments, and idiosyncrasies. I have learned so much and am only on disc 7. I highly recommend this well written and well read book.
B004EPYZPS|2.0|When I first saw the trailers for this I was instantly drawn in. The moment I found out that SPEILBERG had done this movie, I knew it was a MUST SEE. After waiting almost a year to see this train wreck of a movie, I was VERY dissappointed. The movie dragged throughout and there was no , EDGE OF YOUR SEAT type moments, we all just sat there waiting for ANYTHING.<br /><br />The timeframe of the movie was perfect and the cinematography was excellent, but the story line was weak and lacking. This movie came to theaters the day I got married and I am so glad we did not go see this. I want the $5 back I paid to see this. This movie could have been a BLOCKBUSTER, but it is honestly just horrible. Speilberg is losing his touch and he should never work with JJ Abrams ever again!
B005PTQPU0|4.0|The most notable thing for me about this album is its straight forward presentation, different from most of the multi-layered previous efforts by Kate.  Most of the songs are vocals with Piano and Bass and some very nice jazzy drums to pull it together.  I have to say that this album will take some time to get to know, it is not pop that will grab you the first time.  The quality of the recording is excellent, I listened to it the first time on audiophile grade headphones and I could really hear the details of the performance.  It sounds to have been done mostly on analog equipment, you can hear a tiny amount of hiss on the quieter moments.  The sound is very warm and realistic, not something you hear much is current world of over-processed music.  People who express disappointment that this is not like her earlier works do not really know Kate, she's not the type to repeat herself - and this is no exception.  This is different enough that I see it as start of another chapter of her career.  Perhaps the fact that she and I are the exact same age tempers my opinion of this work, maybe we all mellow a bit with age but her music mellows like a fine wine.
B000001ESN|5.0|Permanent Waves is one of those. I mean, a relic to be protected, cherished and shared. With Hemispheres behind it and Moving Pictures around the corner - all in a space of three years! - Rush recorded this undisputed masterpiece in Canada during September and October 1979 and released it on the first day of the new decade. Bearing a fresh sound while retaining the core elements of their music, the album originally consisted of three tracks on each side, with the two longer ones closing them.   Geddy Lee, Alex Lifeson and Neil Peart were all at the very top of their powers here, both individually and collectively, their synergy in perfect alignment. Neil also manages to write great, inspired lyrics to accompany the songs which are all impressive in their diversity.   The Spirit Of The Radio, with its lyrics about musical freedom and integrity, opens the album in such original fashion, paving the way for an unforgettable listening experience that will need to be revisited from time to time for sheer pleasure. The two extended songs - Jacob's Ladder and Natural Science - are Rush at its most inventive and thought-challenging, unbelievable magnificence. It has to be said that even outshined a bit by the greatness of Moving Pictures, Permanent Waves is no inferior affair and ends on a much stronger note - Natural Science being a far superior closer than Vital Signs. \\"Wave after wave will flow with the tide, and bury the world as it does. Tide after tide will flow and recede, leaving life to go on as it was....\\"   As for the title, Geddy offered this explanation in 1982: \\"a theory that was going [within the band] about, like, culture waves; and there was a night when Neil said that a big album was like a permanent wave and I told him, 'that's our title'.\\"  I can only end by saying that I'm glad to have been hit by this permanent wave countless times. \\"The shifting shafts of shining weave the fabric of their dreams....\\"
B005HSG3TC|4.0|I bought this for use around the house. I didn't want it in a cumbersome shroud. It has a quick flap that flips over the screen, and a simple stand function for when I don't need to hold it. I own a rOO case for my Kindle 3 that my Fire fits in, so will use that for transporting. I'm happy with this case. Amazon even gave me a $10.00 credit automatically without me asking when they dropped the price. No complaints from me, It was as I expected it to be. I would recommend a different case for taking the Fire out of the house absolutely, but for home use this product is fine...
0198534469|5.0|Complex analysis can challenge the intuition of the new student.  This text is unique, among high quality textbooks, in giving a careful and thorough exploration of the geometric meaning underlying the usual algebra and calculus of complex numbers.  The Cauchy-Riemann equations define what is meant by a holomorphic function.  Restricting to these particularly pleasant and useful functions, the formalism of calculus looks very much like ordinary calculus.  Too many students muddle through complex analysis with the notion that it looks like calculus, except some extra nice functions also hold.  Such students commonly become competent, but they seldom actually get good at complex analysis.  In particular, for many engineers, complex calculus remains an unpalatable mystery, even though they know how to do the calculations.  That is the difficulty, and Needham corrects the whole of the difficulty perfectly.<br /><br />Ahlfors is a great classical text.  Conway (two volumes) is thorough, clear, and modern.  Carrier, Krook, and Pearson is especially concise and well oriented to the practical calculations of engineering and applied science.  Berenstein/Gay is very modern and oriented to a very high quality undergraduate or beginning graduate who intends to continue in (very) pure mathematics.  All these and more (e.g. Saff) are at least very good or perhaps excellent texts.  Because there is a body of problems that beginners are expected to be able to work (mathematics is also a culture---there are expectations), it is probably necessary to pick one of these texts and to use Needham's book as one of two texts for an excellent course.  I know of no other book that gives the great intuitive and geometric understanding of complex analysis that Needham gives.  I would, under no circumstances, teach any beginning course in complex analysis at any school anywhere at any time for any reason without using Needham as one of the texts.  If I were feeling particularly self-satisfied, I might possibly use it as the only text.  I myself seldom feel so confident.  Perhaps you do.  This text is used frequently at M.I.T. and at Oxford.  That seems to me a great recommendation.  The book is very well and clearly written.  The prose flows.  It is a great joy to read.ossibly use it as the only text.  I myself seldom feel so confident.  Perhaps you do.  This text is used frequently at M.I.T. and at Oxford.  That seems to me a great recommendation.  The book is very well and clearly written.  The prose flows.  It is a great joy to read.
B0060ZJ7BC|5.0|I had just read the book - after finishing The Big Short. I love baseball movies, and was really interested to see how such a detailed and complex book could be turned into a watch-able movie (although Michael Lewis's books ARE character driven). The screenplay makes a few changes for the sake of storytelling but I was thrilled and amazed that this fantastic story was brought to the screen in an understandable and charming way, and Brad Pitt's acting is reasonably down-to-earth, believable and not annoying.
B0034G4ORC|4.0|I remember seeing a beat-up helicopter in a park near the San Diego Comicon in the summer of 2010 with the name Battle: Los Angeles on it and wondered what kind of movie this could be.  \\"Skyline\\", the other invasion movie, was pretty bad and so there is no comparison.  Quite an improvement, actually!<br /><br />First Impressions:  Despite several of the critical reviews I really liked this film.  I brought in the best of past war films, had some decent characterization and did not overdo the whole \\"blow everything up\\" thing.  It is clearly a \\"guy\\" movie!<br /><br />Story:  The aliens have landed under the guise of a meteor shower in 20 areas across the planet Earth.  What arises is a war machine that has troops, air support and a similar communications system as our own, with auto-drones and their version of mini-tanks.  And they're cleaning up Mankind to take our water.<br />They clearly had never dealt with marines.  Aaron Eckhart plays a retiring staff sergeant, who is haunted by the memories of the men who have died under his command.  As he is making preparations, the invasion begins.  Soon he is redeployed with one of his men the brother of a man he let die!<br /><br />The good parts deal with the war, the blood and terror of it, civilians standing in the way to guard their land; marines being brave and self-sacrificing to lead the charge.  Sure there were some cheesy lines and the occasional undeveloped character that dies and we don't care, but overall great film!<br /><br />Cons:  The only thing I did not like were the occasional plot holes, such as one guy was going to get married, a civilian woman was checking out the staff sergeant, and a little boy remained orphaned - and I would have liked to have seen a closure for them somehow.<br /><br />Bottom Line:  Definitely a film for any military or war buff.  The science fictional trappings are subdued and the story is really about the marines under incredible pressure and odds and how one guy who thought he was washed up rises to the occasion.  Several points may bring one to tears it's really that intense.  Recommended.<br /><br />DVD:  The DVD I had was poor.  Not even a scene selection and no special features except for upcoming previews of Sony movies.<br /><br />Other Director Jonathan Liebesman Films:<br /><br />[[ASIN:B002C6VMKW The Killing Room]]<br />[[ASIN:B000KJU1KK The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning - Unrated (New Line Platinum Series)]]ints may bring one to tears it's really that intense.  Recommended.   DVD:  The DVD I had was poor.  Not even a scene selection and no special features except for upcoming previews of Sony movies.    Other Director Jonathan Liebesman Films:  [[ASIN:B002C6VMKW The Killing Room]]  [[ASIN:B000KJU1KK The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning - Unrated (New Line Platinum Series)]]
B0057R5XRG|4.0|What a great just fun trilogy. Maybe a bit far fectched but a fun set of movies to sit and lose yourself with your family.
B001FB4W0W|1.0|I got this because of the reviews. I hated it did not even watch the second episode, never mind the second season...
B0063IH60K|5.0|It is a great game to play on the Kindle Fire. It was fun to play, and didnt have any problems.
B001DJ7PQ4|5.0|I've never seen \\"Doctor Who\\" before.  Based on a recommendation by a friend, we bought this DVD set.  Absolute fun to watch. It's a family event, perfect for all ages. Interesting plot, wonderful actors.  Love David Tennant.  A definite thumbs-up if you're a science fiction fan. After finishing this set, we got the first, second and third series too.
B004GYY714|4.0|Nice Radio but watch the Radio settings.   I installed it on my new Kindle Fire. It ran great until the station was changing because it was in shake mode. Please do yourself a favor and change the Apps settings so that it does not do shake mode for changing the stations. This setting stays on even after the app is shut off or removed. It will interfere with the running of the Kindle Fire. Any movement of the Fire will reset the screen, and apps. Books will not open. Hard reset will not work. Device settings will open but will not correct the problem unless you remove everything by resetting to factory defaults.  I reinstalled it and it seems to work again.  Other than that. Its a likeable App.
0439023521|5.0|After speeding through Suzanne Collins' epic story of an extraordinary girl and her adventures,  I now understand the meaning of \\"immersed in the story.\\" The Hunger Games is a fantastic page-turner and is a mix of crazed love and brutal action. When Katniss Everdeen is forced to leave her beloved family and home to participate in the annual Hunger Games, her bravery and strength surprise everyone. Her skills are put to the ultimate test while she fights against 23 competitors for her own life. When she decides to team up with her companion from home, she begins to realize that she not only wants to leave there alive, but her feelings toward him are beginning to change. Follow Katniss on her twisted journey to save her own life that leaves you wanting more through the last page. With a cliffhanger at the end of each chapter, you can't help but keep reading.   Collins is a spectacular writer that has an engaging way of keeping you hooked. This book has shown me how determination and skill can lead you to success. I would suggest this book to any thrill seeker over the age of 12. Boys, girls, or adults, this book will capture your attention throughout. Read this book; you won't be sorry!
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Yes. If you are looking for a game for the Fire. This is it. It's a fun game to play.
B005LHO274|4.0|This must be one of the best astro apps currently available for the Android platform, and the author is quite responsive to suggestions. There's an amazing amount of information available in program, along with very nice visual displays.<br /><br />Unfortunately, updates here lag at least a few weeks behind the versions available in the Android Market (not sure why - but it is very disappointing), so perhaps it makes more sense to get your apps on the Android Market. This was my first purchase of an app from Amazon, I am not sure I'd get another app via Amazon because of these delays (and I have been an Amazon customer since 1997 for all sorts of things). Software versions should be really be up-to-date. One-star deduction due for this (not sure if the author is not supplying the current version in a timely manner, or if Amazon is dragging their feet at this end)<br /><br />Amazon version 1.81 (still)<br /><br />Market version 1.82<br />Market version 1.82.1<br /><br />Update March 15, 2012 - the app still hasn't been updated here on Amazon even though it has been available on the Android Market (now Google Play) for several months. Very disappointing.
0307719774|5.0|I enjoy this book.  It has good questions.  Some are easy to answer and some make you think.  I don't look ahead because I find that I look forward to the next question more if I don't have a chance to think of my answer ahead of time.
B005FNPIG8|4.0|I enjoyed \\"Assassination Games.\\"  No one should watch a Jean Claude Van Damme film expecting Marlon Brando or a classic story.  But as an action film, this holds up well.  Van Damme is again the strong silent type with his good looks translating well as he ages a bit.  Scott Adkins makes the greatest impression in the film, looking good as he hangs tortured and suspended from the ceiling, pained by his wife's death and fierce at exacting revenge.  I see he was in \\"Borne Ultimatum\\"; and I'll have to watch it again to spot him.  Marija Karan does a nice job as October, the prostitute with no options who causes Van Damme to enter the church as the film concludes.  I'd seen her earlier this year as a Russian tennis player on the cable TV series \\"Covert Affairs.\\"  She does a nice job.  Ivan Kaye as the major bad guy Polo Yakur who is released from a Romanian prison to be a sitting duck with competing assassins gives a good performance, albeit one with little range demanded of him.  Director Ernie Barbarash is moving on from Van Damme to a Dolph Lungren project called \\"The Package.\\"  It must pay the bills.  \\"Assassination Games\\" is surprising good, given that you want to sit back and enjoy the action.  Enjoy!
B0068TJLSY|3.0|I expected this movie to be somewhere between the goonies and ET.  The rating is PG13.  At first I thought it has the potential to become a cult film, like the two mentioned. As the movie follows a group of teenagers, while making a film they watch a train derail and strange things start to happen.  The alien does not show up until the last part of the movie.  The alien fights and eats people.  While it is not a horror movie, the movie does show people getting crushed and blood splattering (warning for parents with younger kids) and this is the reason I am not sure about it becoming a cult movie.  Adults looking for a good alien movie will most likely be disappointed.  Again this is more like ET or Goonies with a darker twist and more blood, but not a bad movie.  Target audience are probably teenagers.
B005KMX866|5.0|I loved Chris' take on Buddy Holly's \\"Crying Wishing Hoping\\" on the [[ASIN:B005GKIL0U Listen To Me: Buddy Holly]] CD.  \\"Beyond the Sun\\" also highlights Chris' great gift as an interpretive vocalist.  His love for this music is infectious.  \\"Trying to Get to You\\" blows me away as it makes me flash on Elvis but ultimately tickles me with Chris' passion, \\"I kept travelling night and day, running all the way, trying to get to you.\\"  Likewise, on \\"Can't Help Falling in Love\\" you can flash on Elvis with the vibrato in Chris' voice, but he moves so completely into the lyric that it relived rather than an imitation, \\"Shall I stay, would it be a sin?\\"  \\"It's Now Or Never\\" again thrills me with the passionate vocal married to the lyric of a great love song, \\"When I first saw you with your smile so tender, my heart was captured, my soul surrendered.\\"  One of my favorite Chris Isaak tracks is \\"Notice the Ring\\" from his [[ASIN:B00005V8ST Always Got Tonight]] CD.  Like that track, \\"Miss Pearl\\" explodes from the speaker and burns with a searing electric guitar.  Tucked in the set is a Chris Isaak original \\"Live It Up\\" that fits well into the set, \\"You can go downtown and run around; and baby I can be your clown, but baby if you cheat on me, well I won't want to take it.  I'll know & I'll be following you.\\"  On the second disc, Chris rips on \\"My Baby Left Me,\\" adopting the song completely.  Chris' take on the Roy Orbison classic \\"Oh, Pretty Woman\\" lets the melody shine with that classic guitar line.  Carl Perkins' \\"Your True Love\\" sounds fresh.  \\"Everybody's in the Mood\\" is another of my instant favorites with jazz spicing the rock mixture.  \\"Beyond the Sun\\" is a stunning set that combines Chris & his band's excellent performance with some classic material and the sense of musical history transported to the 21st Century.  Bravo!
B006B31B80|3.0|I was so excited to get a second season of Walking Dead after the stellar debut of season one.  I keep watching and keep hoping that THIS time they'll finally snap out of the overgrown, hackneyed soap opera writing and actually get to some good zombie bashing, and some good scifi exposition of the virus.  But no.  We get Lori bugging her eyes out at everyone, and Maggie alternately slapping and screwing Glenn, Dale trying to \\"daddy\\" Andrea, who's trying to prove she's not just a stupid girl DARNIT by shooting into a group of her allies to prove...she should be trusted with a gun?  And now Lori's knocked up.  Whoopee.<br /><br />Another thing, why would any writer or producer think that devoting so much time to finding a missing stupid child (who couldn't follow simple directions and stay put) would be compelling?  It's not.  It's stupid, and tired, and needs some resolution.<br /><br />I will continue to watch, only because I pre-ordered the whole series.  Lesson learned, next time, wait for Netflix.
1451648537|3.0|For a book so long it seems to have little to say. It seems to be a rush job with need of editing to eliminate an incredible amount of repetition. It's quite short on the technical side. Maybe people will be happy with that and I guess I was looking for some other book! In conclusion, Isaacson could have cut 200 pages and got a technical consultant and produced a better work.
B000002C1W|5.0|It's an excellent cd that is a lost gem! If you are a collector of Pink like me, you'll enjoy this.
B0058VW36U|5.0|fun and addictive, hard to beat so you can love it for a while. great time killer. I love it!
B005ZTFPFQ|3.0|trackball doesn't work too well on a touch pad, kind of small screen size for the actual game, controls take up half of your display
B000FQJAIM|4.0|This review is both about the movie itself(whether you want to call it STAR WARS or Episode IV: A New Hope) and the changes Lucas did in '97 and again in '04.  I remember watching Star Wars for the first time. Not when it first came out in the theatre, I wasn't born yet. But definitely before it became Episode IV and was the just Star Wars. I became instantly hooked, from there on out I was a diehard Star Wars fan- still am to this day! I even have the figurines from when it was released in '77, right down to the Tusken Raiders lol. And then when the next two came out, my love for all things Star Wars was cemented.  That said, when the new version of it came out, complete with revisions and touch-ups and add-on's, I was impressed. How could a Star Wars fan not be? Whether your loyalty lies with the original or not, you have to look at from an unbiased point of view. All movies from that era were grainy, dusty and so forth. To see it touched up and tweaked a bit is to be expected, especially thid day in age. Personally I love both versions.  The only complaint that I do have, is that I wish they would have seperated both versions on Episode IV-VI. But the money mahine has to be kept filled somehow I spose. Therefore my rating is as follows: Star Wars(original)= 4.5 stars & Episode IV:A New Hope(new version)= 4 stars.
B0058EBNAO|4.0|Would be truly 5-star if you could move it to SD.  I know some people hate the &quot;clock&quot; but I find it and its notifications superior to the other weather apps I've tried.  Just need to get it off internal storage, guys...
B0050DZN4K|1.0|i love this app i just wish i could get my content on it! please update soon. The authentication you have setup for when we try to connect our accounts just stalls and doesnt do anything.
B003R50F00|5.0|Words can not adequately represent what I felt after finishing this book. I cried. I knew what was coming and I could not stop myself. This book wringed me of emotion and left me feeling emotionally drained. That is the only way I can explain it. Markus Zusak has done a brilliant job with The Book Thief. The writing style, the descriptive language... It's brilliant. Heavily recommeded.
B000E1ZBFY|4.0|If you have Polish ancestry, you should see this movie. It chronicles the strife of the Polish people through a most difficult and now almost forgotten time.  First the outbreak of war and the exodus which ensued and then the first signs of the Jewish persecution. These events mark the start of Karol Wojtyla's long journy from worker to poet and teacher. A journey full of encounters that lead him to become a priest and finally, in 1978, to become the man we all know as Pope John Paul II.  A moving journey through 50 years of history.
B004EPYZQ2|5.0|I gotta say this, and I HOPE it isn't a spoiler.  The movie takes place during the Cuban Missile Crisis.  Perfect time frame for a creature feature in a small town with a railroad track running through it that connects directly with an Area 51 military transport train.  That is a GREAT premise!!!  THAT along with the kids filming their own movies (just like Abrams and Spielberg did as kids), about zombies.  Very in line with the youth of today (if we believe YouTube and Entertainment Tonight)... at least that's what the movie industry will have you believe.  I think this movie was a serious/humorous JAB at all of that crap.  It's been SOOoo long since I've seen a movie like that.  It's been a long time coming, and I thought it was GREAT!  The movie is Abram's homage to Spielberg.  From the floating lamp that we saw in Poltergeist, to the bicycle in E.T.
B004NSULHM|1.0|Radiohead blows. This album sucks worse than the first...but it's all relative. Because everything they have ever done is garbage. Now, you've probably read that a million times, but unlike the first 999,999 times, this time around I am going to explain exactly why.   I have a huge music collection built over 40 years. 10,000+ albums. All genres...the only qualification to be included is unmistakable talent, indisputable originality (and thereby importance to that genre) or the most important factor, whether or not I like the music. And I have become very, VERY open minded. I NEVER dismiss a band on a single listen. Even if they are critically acclaimed or have a large following, rather than assume there are a lot of morons listening to them, I go back and always do a second, third and sometimes a fourth critical listen before making a decision. With Radiohead I saw their albums at the tops of these \\"Best 1000 Albums of All Times\\" lists for nearly two decades...so I figured...what the hell am I missing here? Fifth, sixth, seventh, ad nauseam listens. Evaluating myself as much as the music toward the end. I've heard them live; I've listened to OK Computer 25 times. Bad news sports fans...Radiohead eats dogazz. They just friggin suck...and no amount of whining, angst ridden hand wringing from suicidal teen emo wastoids is going to change my mind. They blow.  What you have here at the Radiohead round-up of tone deaf fans is a bunch of people who first experienced an OD at a rave listening to them and had the whining, pretentious, \\"gawd I feel EXACTLY the way you do!\\", syrupy synth dreck imprinted permanently on what was left of their brain ingrams. Then they got wind of what that little dwezil gnome, lazy eyed front man dwarf looked liked and it was puppy love compounded. I watched Keith Emerson fall off a stage onto his Moog once at a 1974 concert and remember the resultant 2 minute and 43 second cacophony of synthetic sound and feedback being at once infinitely and definitively far more musical than anything Radiohead has ever produced. They make a repetitive, whining sound to trance out to. You could substitute a clothes dryer exhausted through a pipe organ. That's it...come on just admit it. There is nothing here or I would acknowledge it. No talent. No creative drive. No musicianship. No originality. No message (besides \\"feel free to open a vein while you're out there listening to our rhythmic, thumping crap\\"). Nothing. I put in my 40 hours or more...and I am here to tell you from someone who owns everything from Blur to Blind Willie McTell...Ornette Coleman to Frank Zappa....Lou Reed to Dvorak....Radiohead sucks.  Now...if you are out there and anywhere near being a) musically knowledgeable and b) not maniac depressive and off your meds you KNOW I'm correct. If you want to do a lot of drugs and listen to a monotonic soothing buzz while you are in a state of semi-consciousness, by gawd...Radiohead might just be your band. Either them or one of the other interchangeable angst-synth cookie cutter pile of s**t \\"bands\\" out there that have piled on the \\"life is TERRIBLE, I want to DIE, it's all my PARENT'S FAULT\\" morbidly depressed, overly coddled, pseudo pained suburban dwelling teeny bandwagon since the late 80s. But know this...you had your time in the sun. It's over. The Radiohead curtain is coming down and the wannabe wizards behind it are exposed. Radiohead SUCKS. That's right...they SUCK. And they always have....
B003Y5H542|2.0|This movie has beautiful animation, but the story line is the slowest I've ever experienced. This is not a movie for kids.
B004EPYZPS|5.0|Super 8 offered true enjoyment in forms I did not expect. Action, excitement, and otherworldly adventure are stock-in-trade for Spielberg and Abrams, and that expectation is what first drew me to the film. But those elements of the movie quickly became less and less interesting, even a bit burdensome, while other aspects emerged as genuinely engaging, delightful, and moving. Super 8 is a genuinely good and worthwhile film not for the elements one expects from Spielberg and Abrams but from those one does not. I'll be specific. The underlying premise of the film (which I will not reveal) which drives the basic plot and offers a whopping dose of the extraterrestrial unknown, but proves utterly predictable and if visually exciting, conceptually leaden, heavy handed, and, really, just inevitable. The same is true for the movie's themes, which come close to being gaggingly sentimental and simplistic as is often the case with a Spielberg project focusing on young people. But the plot, action, even the special effects really serve as a vehicle for the development of characters: their emotions/perceptions and relationships. In other words, it wasn't what literally happened in the film that grabbed me -- it was the way different characters (as individuals and in relation to each other) experienced those events that made the movie great. Abrams handles his young actors far, far better than Spielberg ever has done and allows them to rise above \\"the idea of youth\\" that is so deadly and false in Spielberg to become convincing, likeable, fascinating, and endearing people with believable identities. Brilliantly, Abrams has all the main characters experience the main events in individual ways; the main characters grow and change in real time, before our eyes, through the experiences they are having. And as the characters change, real relationships -- which are numerous -- grow and change, too. The performances are wonderfully varied, and all the main performers are terrific. Elle Fanning may be the standout here, leaving far behind the \\"look at me; I'm a young actor\\" effect that tends to mar her sister's work. All of the young actors skilfully create distinct characters but the viewer never ends up thinking \\"this kid can act\\" because we believe in their creations. And it is how these young characters experience the events in the movie, not those events, that really grabbed me. There is fear and uncertainty, pain and loss, but it is ultimately the sweetness of finding others that makes this less a thrilling film than a genuinely beautiful one.
140053271X|5.0|I have 4 Nooks- I have been using them constantly for the last 2 years (Simple Touch, Color, Classic Nook WiFi). Although I rabidly love my Nook Colors, I adore this little Simple Touch. It is light, I can read it in many environments, I can carry it in my purse easily, and I don't always need the tablet like functions that I have with my Nook Colors.   I have had a wonderful experience with Nooks, and with service and support people in a brick and mortar environment (if there is a problem the store personnel make the call for you-you are not on your own). I may buy a Kindle some time-if I truly find a reason, but it will be a backup to my Nook library.       I know that Amazon is doing this loss leader thing, selling at a loss, trying to convert everyone to Kindles so that you will be married to them forever (now that they finally have something that can compete with the Nook simple touch and Nook color).  But please don't drink the kool aid without thinking about what you really need. For me, it is nice walking into a store and sitting in an easy chair, reading books for free on my Nook and communing with other people who are truly book lovers. I buy that experience when I support a brick and mortar book store.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|been using evernote.for a while now on Pc, kindle, iphone, and now on android phone.  great app to keep notes handy to access anywhere.
B004ODLUGM|5.0|This was such an excellent movie for those who love the book! It was put together so nicely! Anyone who loves te book will love the movie!
031250926X|5.0|My 9 month old boy loves turning the pages and sliding the little windows.  A great way to make story time interactive.  His favorite book is still the Grouchy Lady Bug, which he pulls down off of the shelf by himself :)
B005DZMP00|5.0|I was a little reluctant to buy this as I have several complete show recordings from this tour.  But I am really impressed with the sound quality and how well the songs flow on this set.  A lot like Vol.1 you probably wouldn't know these songs were taken from different shows.  Packaged nicely with cool new artwork with the date and venue from where each song was recorded  This compliments the original Europe 72 very well,with no repeat songs and as I understand some of these tracks had to be cut from the original.  Unless you bought the complete Europe 72 recordings,Buying this is a no brainer.
B005HSG3TC|1.0|Amazon initially sold this item for $39.95. I pre-ordered it along with a Kindle Fire. Although the price dropped by $10 prior to shipment.  I was still charged the full price of $39.95.  An email offering a $10 credit was received but the credit was never applied to my account. I am a regular Amazon customer and am very disappointed with this turn of events.  I have never been disappointed by Amazon before and was very surprised by this poor roll-out of a new product.
0545265355|5.0|This series is so awesome!!!!!! There's mystery, intrigue, and government conspiracies. I love it. I couldn't put it down. I can't wait for the movie!
B005GSY23M|1.0|Hi, Drive is a great movie and this is a great sounds track. my problem with this particular product (MP3 Download) is that it is missing the first 5 songs.. which are probably the songs most people are looking for. Suck it up and buy the CD version.
B005J7K964|5.0|This is a dream come true for me. I've waited a long time and   Giorgio Moroders version is a \\"Must See and Must Hear\\" I've   already played it four times and just received it in the mail (3)  days ago. It would be great if his version could be digitally re-  mastered like the recent black and white one made.
1423140591|5.0|Wonderful book.  It was a fast read, but full of hope, adventure, and excitement .  The only disappointment is that I have to wait so long for the next book.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|now that they fixed the lag, this is truly the best available keyboard. definitely get it.   could you please make some more themes though? you can never have enough options.... Im still looking for a blue one
0345529057|3.0|I got the package in a decent amount of time, but one of the books was damage. :( As for the books, I'm reading the first book, and it is excellent. I can't wait till I get the second book. It's a page turner for sure.
B003L77GH4|5.0|I got hooked on Season 1 of Vampire Diaries through a friend, and as soon as I was done immediately purchased Season 2.  Doesn't disappoint.  Came promptly and in perfect condition.
B005DR64OQ|1.0|This movie is not worth a minute of your time, but then you should know that already since it has Nicolas Cage in it. If you want to see a movie where everyone in it is as stupid as stupid gets, this would be the movie for you. I can't believe I watched the whole thing in hopes somehow it would get better, what a waste of time,it didn't. I threw it in the trash since I couldn't even think of anyone I disliked enough to give it to, I couldn't do that to anyone. I did learn a lesson though, I never cared for Nicolas Cage movies, but I thought I would give this one a chance since Nicole Kidman is in it (even though she has been in some pretty bad movies). What a mistake, some things never change, if Nicolas Cage is in it, it will suck. DO NOT BUY THIS MOVIE  The worst rating Amazon will allow is 1 star, I would give it 0 if I could.  Kerry Stansbury
B005974C94|5.0|Que buen CD+DVD hicieron estos dos tremendos musicos  lo recomiendo ampliamente a todo aquel que le gusta  este tipo de musica.
B006ANJ4BW|2.0|I found the story disjointed and not making sense at times.  The Conan character was not fully explored which made him feel shallow.  The overall cast is good, but the poor direction and writing weakened the movie.
B005DMNS4A|2.0|I can't understand why they didn't just re-release Quadrophenia the way they did Tommy. Tommy is available as a multichannel sacd hybrid. This can play on any cd player and for those who have a cd player that is also capable of playing sacd, there is a 5.1 multichannel mix. The sound quality is excellent on this Tommy disc and is very reasonably priced. I'm hoping that after the hype of the high priced box set fizzles out, and after not selling the amount of copies they expected, they will offer us Who fans \\"Quadrophenia\\" in the multichannel sacd hybrid format.    I'm not willing to pay over $100.00 for a super deluxe box set which contains demos that i'll probably never listen to and books that i'll probably only read once, to get the 5.1 multichannel mix, which is only available in the super deluxe edition. If I want to get all the information about how this recording was made, I'll just look it up on wikipedia.     So with all that being said, I am not buying the deluxe edition or the super deluxe edition. I'll wait until it's released on sacd and hopefully that will be very soon.
B004SJ3AXI|1.0|Freezes my phone every. single. time. Uninstalled and reinstalled countless times. Updates don't fix anything. Needs zero stars! Big let down.
B004UBM4TA|5.0|I have collected most of the early 3D releases so far and the 3D effects on this movie are fabulous, the 3D journey through the cosmos and into the far reaches of space really make you realize what 3D can do when it is presented in the right format with material that transcends the average fare of most movies. It is very educational to the kids and you can view this many times without it getting old. I paid about 30 bucks for it at the time, and next to Avatar it is one of the best 3D titles I have to exhibit the technology and wow factor.
B004I1AGTM|4.0|Great story line that picks up after the first movie.. and again IP Man shows his Iron fist... Lots of action, and great new characters.
B000X107GI|5.0|I popped one in a garage door opener and it came to life right away and I have four more as a back up. I would recommend these to anyone who needs them, why pay more in the store when you can get the same thing through Amazon for less.
B000002I69|4.0|Of all the great jazz drummers, from Buddy Rich on down, there is in my humble opinion no greater recorded solo than Alan Dawson's on \\"Take Five\\".  His shadowing on the hi-hat, crescendo, and controlled power is awe-inspiring.  For any drummer of any style of music who wants to hear how it's done, take a listen.
B004EPYZT4|3.0|What is it with Hollywood, these days, and remakes? I wasn't expecting much going into this movie to begin with but it ended up being alot worse than I was expecting it to be. You'd think with a $90 Million budget, we'd see something absolutely spectacular. The thing that gets me even more is the fact that the director is Marcus Nispel. Marcus Nispel, as you all may know, is the director who remade The Texas Chainsaw Massacre & Friday the 13th(both of whom were box-office successes). To me, the remake of The Texas Chainsaw Massacre  was even better than the original so you can see why it really gets to me.<br /><br />This remake tells the story of a young boy born on the battlefield who grows up hellbent on avenging his father's death yet his vendetta escalates into something much more where he faces the most impossible of odds.<br /><br />Seems to me that where the film falls is in actor Jason Momoa. His portrayal of Conan is simply awful. Like I read somewhere in another review of the movie online, it seems as though Momoa felt like he couldn't live up to Arnold Schwarzennegar's Conan. Let's face it, Momoa has the pecs for the movie...I just wish he would've shown some passion for the role. Too, the screenplay lacked depth and scope which could've been another reason why this movie failed.<br /><br />The action in the movie is tight, however, and gory. That, I hate to say, seems to be the only redeeming value to this movie.<br /><br />As much as I'd like to recommend this Conan to everyone, I'm afraid that I can't. Heck, Conan the Adventurer(the TV series) was even better than this and it was made on a cheaper budget. I'd hunt down the original Conan movies. They are more entertaining and worth your hard earned cash. I'd only recommend this one if it were in a bargin bin.
B000H30B2C|5.0|First let me start by saying that I emphasize with those people who think this movie is too long. Thats the only thing that kept me from going to see it in the theater. Actually it goes by pretty  quick for me and that includes the extended edition. This is the best of three of them althouth I do like all three of them.Naomi Watts Jack Black and Adrien Brody are better or at least as good as the original three. Jack Black played Carl a movie producer trying hard to get a hit movie. Adrien Brody played Jack a playwrite who is tricked into riding with them on that ship. And finally Naomi Watts plays Ann a down on her luck actress whose luck is so bad that she actually believes that nothing good lasts a feeling she doesnt shake. Until the end because even though King Kong dies she ends up with her true love-Jack. Now lets get back to what I like about the movie. I really love the extra scenes in the extended edition. They make the movie ten times better. The dinosaurs werent even in the first remake.  Thats the one that has the most flaws and thats just the begining but like I said I like all three of them. King Kong is my favorite movie and  if I recommeded it I would recomend the original. Better still I would reccomend this version of King Kong and the extented edition which is made ten times better by the three extra scenes as I said earlier. King Kong lives. Yes King Kong lives. And this is the best one. If you want to watch the original go ahead. Otherwise watch this one or better yet the extented edition.  I cant say it enough. This is the best version especially the extended edition.Theres an extra dinosaur scene. There is a river or moat scene that isnt in the theater version. Actually its more of a raft scene. He fights three dinosaurs in the dinosaur fight. When she was rescued King Kong was asleep and quickly not to mention inadvernadly woken up. They wouldnt have gotten away if they hadnt frightened up some pterodactyls. King Kong is an excellent movie. Like I said Im not trying to get negative but some people dont understand that in a movie like this you cant have instant action. You also cant see King Kong right away. This brings me back to my original point lentgh. Some people dont understand that the first hour was spent getting to know the charactors. I understood that once I gave this version a chance. As for the annimation/cgi who cares if there was too much of it. I found it thrilling. One scene I find funny is when Ann and Jack first meet and she mistakes some one else for him. That is actually one of the few funny scenes as this is meant to be an action movie rather than a comedy. But getting back to the annimation/cgi as I said I found it thrilling. And believable by the way. Unlike most people by the way I dont think there was too much of it. I loved it. I dont want to get negative or have too many people get mad at me which Im sure some will but thats what I think. I dont see why some people wanted to see the natives again especially the way they were portrayed. Besides you dont need to see them at all after Ann is sacrificed to King Kong a fact only Peter Jackson knew for sure. He did the best job he could which was his best with the story especially the extended edition and its three extra scenes.As well as some extented scenes.This brings us back to annimation which was used in at least two of those scenes.You cant do a movie like this without some kind of annimation which not everybody understands. Dino De Laurentis tried and thats why his version even though I like it is as bad as it is. Merian Cooper used stop motion annimation. Peter Jackson chose cgi which like stop motion annimation I found thrilling. I loved it. Jacksons version also stays true to Coopers unlike De Laurentis who destroyed the story  that is KING KONG when he made his version. Anyway Peter Jacksons version -paticularly the extended edition-is the best. King Kong lives. Thanks Amazon.d to see them at all after Ann is sacrificed to King Kong a fact only Peter Jackson knew for sure. He did the best job he could which was his best with the story especially the extended edition and its three extra scenes.As well as some extented scenes.This brings us back to annimation which was used in at least two of those scenes.You cant do a movie like this without some kind of annimation which not everybody understands. Dino De Laurentis tried and thats why his version even though I like it is as bad as it is. Merian Cooper used stop motion annimation. Peter Jackson chose cgi which like stop motion annimation I found thrilling. I loved it. Jacksons version also stays true to Coopers unlike De Laurentis who destroyed the story  that is KING KONG when he made his version. Anyway Peter Jacksons version -paticularly the extended edition-is the best. King Kong lives. Thanks Amazon.
B000641D2Y|5.0|ANOTHER CLASSIC! DISC WAS SHIPPED FAST AS EXPECTED. A FEW SCRATCHES BUT IT DIDNT AFFECT THE PLAYBACK. OVER ALL, EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS PURCHASE WAS PERFECT!
B005D9MUWY|5.0|This app gives you very good control of the look and feel of the app and than some. You input your common writing account and it learns your typing style.
0307595579|5.0|The look of these books are great. They are not flashy and the roughly cut pages are a neat addition.  I read the series in about two weeks. The books themselves are absolutely amazing. The story is both engaging and suspensful and keeps you on edge waiting to see what happens on the next page.  Every so often there are some very slow parts which can be difficult to get through. But you have to push through and make it to the end, you will be completely satisfied.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I am a workout DVD junkie and this DVD is my favorite go to workout.  When I am short on time, but I cannot skip another workout this always gets me back on track. I pop this in before work in the morning and it has me sweating breathing hard from just the warm up.  20 minutes later, it's all over and I can start my day off right.  Don't let the shortness of this DVD fool you, even the easiest workout will have you sore in the morning and reaching for the ice pack.  If you consistently use this DVD, 30 days later you will definitely see some progress and look better naked!
B004SVM7BW|2.0|Wants to write on the pdf file, but not able to edit the file. Didn't know there are different kind of pdf files. And it does not work all of them.
B00127RAJY|5.0|If you are a working woman, pressed for time and need a workout to get rid of that \\"extra\\" and tighten your muscles, this is best workout DVD! A 20 minute intense workout. I have found the results to be amazing. I kept with the one a day exercise regiment but I initially was a bit discouraged because I wasn't seeing the pounds shed right away. However, I started receiving comments from my associates and daughter stating I was looking better. My clothes were my gage....inches, leaner thighs and waist (my most troubled spots). Jillian Michaels 30 day shred is like your personal trainer and coach. You can follow along with Jillian and the modified or challenge facilitator. I am still working at it...I like what I am seeing.
B004Q9T4E4|4.0|Having read [[ASIN:0465023266 The Cash Nexus: Money and Power in the Modern World, 1700-2000]], [[ASIN:0143116177 The Ascent of Money: A Financial History of the World]], and [[ASIN:0143112392 The War of the World]], which is by far Ferguson's best book, I had great exceptions and I wasn't disappointed.   In Civilization, Ferguson tries to answer the question of what caused the West (mostly North America and West Europe), from approximately the year 1500, to dominate the world militarily, scientifically and economically. Ferguson attributes the Western dominance to six \\"qualities\\" or the \\"killer apps\\". In Ferguson words:   1. Competition, in that Europe itself was politically fragmented and that within each monarchy or republic there were multiple competing corporate entities  2. The Scientific Revolution, in that all the major seventeenth-century breakthroughs in mathematics, astronomy, physics, chemistry and biology happened in Western Europe  3. The rule of law and representative government, in that an optimal system of social and political order emerged in the English- speaking world, based on private property right and the representation of property- owners in elected legislatures  4. Modern medicine, in that nearly all the major nineteenth- and twentieth -century breakthroughs in healthcare, including the control of tropical diseases, were made by Western Europeans and North Americans.   5. The consumer society, in that the Industrial Revolution took place where there was both a supply of productivity-enhancing technologies and a demand for more, better and cheaper goods, beginning with cotton garments  6. The work ethic, in that Westerners were the first people in the world to combine more extensive and intensive labor with higher saving rates, permitting sustained capital accumulation  As usual, Ferguson puts his vast amount of knowledge into play by covering a wide range of topics accompanied with great anecdotes and a splendid writing style, which makes this book a highly enjoyable read.   Having said that, this book is not without flaws. I found some of the chapters to be somewhat unfocused. For example, in the chapter covering the \\"killer app\\" medicine, Ferguson starts by providing a short brief of the European colonization of Africa, and the effect of Western medicine had on Africans.  Having read this chapter, I got the sense that Ferguson tried to defend European colonization by saying that it improved African health care, which the bulk of the chapter is devoted to. Interesting, but not very related to the topic.  Overall, this is a provocative read which will definitely upset some people, however, it is still a very informative and interesting read.  P.S. An interesting lecture of Niall Ferguson explaining the 6 \\"killer apps\\" can be viewed at Ted.com (just search for Niall Ferguson).
0345472322|5.0|Everyone should read this book. I bought it as an educator to look into the impact of a teacher's mindset on his or her students. After a few paragraphs, however, I realized that this book has a message on the importance of a growth mindset that is important for anyone and everyone, not just educators or coaches. Dweck uses many anecdotes from real people that serve to make the work easy to relate to on many levels.
B005KJZDXK|4.0|I am a big fan of She & Him, and I adore both of their previous albums. I was very excited about this holiday album, and while it's good, there's just nothing super special about it, in my opinion. All of the tracks are just good...there aren't any renditions that blow me away. Also, as other reviewers have mentioned, it's a little on the dreary side for a Christmas album. You can't win 'em all, I guess.
B002JVWQSW|5.0|Have enjoyed getting to know the Modern Family. No matter what your family makeup is you will indentify with something that is going on in the program. Funny and enduring.
B005UG542S|1.0|Movie's quality is horrible - a lot of artifacts present on the screen during playback.<br />Movie itself is really good. My suggestion - find it somewhere else to watch - like I did.
B000NA2BEU|5.0|Found complete season 2 first and had to have one and then three. Lots happening. Lots of drama and twists. Like Veronica as a person and makes it more believable. VERY disappointed that there was not a season 4. I was ready.
B005V20JKI|4.0|Very fun game works really well on my kindle fire but immediate force close on my wildfire s phone not sure why. Addicting game besides the phone thing
B003L77G06|5.0|My daughter suggested Modern Family to me since I enjoy series. Have enjoyed growing with the family. Could be a family next door these days. Fun.
B003Y5H5C4|4.0|Rent this if you like hilarious thrillers starring gifted improv actors. The direction and editing are also top notch.  I watched this with virtually no expectations and was thoroughly entertained for two hours! Reminiscent of \\"Ruthless People\\" for those of you with long memories...
B003Y5H574|5.0|Don't expect to have your horizons broadened...just enjoy the performances for some of the best actors around. The cast is extensive and well chosen for their character. Fun twists. Comedy at it's finest.
0385343175|2.0|Who is the adult here?  It is pretty hard to tell through the major portion of the novel.  I have just about given up on Danielle Steel's repetitive novels.
B002JVWR4A|5.0|Have always enjoyed the dynamic between Bones and Booth and the whole gang. Finally caught up with all the seasons and can't wait to see how the team transitions forward with Bones being pregnant. Enjoy their intellect.
0156030306|5.0|I don't normally like classifying things as literature - it comes across as snobby and pretentious, and there tends to be a real negative connotation associating 'literature' as being distinct from exciting storytelling. Flowers for Algernon isn't like that, though, and it displays some exceptional writing. I'm sure you'll have read the blurb about what the book is about, so i'll skip that.  This story is told in the form of journal entries which track the progress of the main character, Charlie. Everything is told mostly from first person, with some third person sprinkled through (though not without a distinct purpose). Through these journal entries we see the development of Charlie from his own perspective; almost everything external to Charlie is shown, and the relevent information delivered through implication. We see him grow intellectually and emotionally through the passage of time.  There are a number of themes present in this book, many centering around mental illness but also having wider implications. There are also a number of metaphors and thoughts which recur throughout the book, giving it a subtle strength. All of this is shown through Charlie's experience.  Keyes' writing is subtle, very well crafted and engaging (I read the whole book in one night because I refused to put it down). Everything here has a purpose. The only problem I really have with the story is that I didn't feel like my emotional connection with other characters was strong enough. There was still something missing which, despite the heart-breaking ending, didn't affect me with some real intensity. I think this is somewhat understandable, though personally I would have liked a few extra scenes with this characters somewhere to create a bit more engagement. It still made me sad, and even made me shed a few tears, but it didn't send me into emotional turmoil until the very last line.  And what a last line it is! It manages, from my view, to tie everything in the story together to bringit to a head, as well as implying about what comes after. It's overwhelming, and is quite possibly the best last line to a story i've ever read. Again, it's truly fantastic writing.  5/5
B003L77G8I|5.0|Have all the back seasons now and am waiting for the next season to air. Like to wait for the DVD release to view without commercials. Enough is going on in each episode that you can watch them over and over again. Cast has changed up a bit and keeps it interesting to see how the new ones fit in.
B006AX6ONI|5.0|Great book. Short and straightforward. It gives practical advice and its highly motivating. Get ready to get pumped up. Mark delivers once again. Highly recommend it.
B0060V1WJ6|1.0|I watched this movie because there were many good reviews. Technically, the movie is not boring but the characters, like the movie title suggests, are stupid in ways that are not likable. This can make the viewers feel good while watching. It's like soft drink with lots of saccharine.
0439023483|5.0|Oh my. Where to begin? This gem of a book has been forever the top of the list on Amazon.com. I never payed much attention (if any) to it. Unfortunately, whenever I read what at the time I considered the best book ever, I feel as if I'm never going to find a book quite like it. That's what happened before this book. But, boy, was I wrong! I am not exaggerating, I LITERALLY did not put this down until 4:45 AM, because my Kindle's battery died on me (oh the HORROR).   I loved the concept of it, despite how disturbing it was, and at the beginning, I couldn't help but wondering, \\"Wow, what was Suzanne thinking when she came up with such a plot?!\\" The characters are unforgettable, each with little specs that make you love/hate them in their own special way. The narrator's in depth point of view provides valuable insight to what was going on through her head at the time. Collins' writing is simple, yet captivating, in a way that makes you desire to read more. It hurt a lot when this book ended, but it's partly my fault because I read it in nine hours.  Of course, there is a good amount of violence, so I'd reccomend this to 12+ audience at the very least. While the concept is pretty brutal, it is all the most engaging. This book is action packed, and I absolutely cannot wait for the movie!  In the many reviews that I had read before reading this book, I unfortunately came across a great deal of spoilers that particularly flawed the reading experience. I know how some of you feel about spoilers, so I won't bother to say anything about the plot or what happens in the end (although it is a bit predictable)!   It's been a while since I've felt this way about a book. While I'm quite sure there are many other books similar to its life or death plot, for some reason, this is unique. While I read the other two books, I will be eagerly and painfully awaiting the release of the Hunger Games movie. If you choose to read this, enjoy!  - A satisfied reader!
B003H9MSPG|2.0|This gun is very easy to figure out how to use. My little brother is 5 and he could easily figure it out.  If you are getting a first time gun i reccomend the \\"RECON\\". this gun looks kind of like a sniper but trust me its not. with the extended barrell it shoots up to 18 feet, roughly. with out the extended barrell it shoots a lot farther but is still not super accurate. The toy quaility is great ive had for about a year and a half and its been through more than 50 wars. I havent had any problems. OVERALL i say its okay.[[ASIN:B003H9MSOM Nerf N-Strike Recon CS-6 Dart Blaster]]
B000I2JDEY|4.0|I'm going to try to break this movie down without getting into long drawn out explanations. Liz and Burton, now married, plays a couple who invites a new younger couple(Sandy Dennis and George Segal) over for a \\"nightcap\\" thinking because she's the daughter of the President, things will look good for them, but that thinking is quickly changed when they walk into a unhappy home with a boozy wife, an unhappy professor who though beaten truly knows how to press Liz' buttons for ammunition and it's a fight to the finish, with the innocents in the fray. Not for the upbeat but if you like dramas of this caliber, here it goes and do enjoy!
B004LROUNG|1.0|this book costs too much!  Don't buy it! If enough of us refuse to pay over $10 maybe the publishers will give in.
B004SJ3BCI|1.0|Its hard to control. Adjusting my fingertip up and down on the screen seems to do nothing and it launches birds when it feels this is required, not when I do. Sometimes completely ignores my attempt to launch entirely.
B004EQAVHI|1.0|This had a fascinating premise, and I understand how there was a galant intent to stay away from melodrama or fall into a science fiction genre but this movie so was boring...I mean really, really boring.<br /><br />The film involves how society utilizes clones for a future harvesting of their organs. The clones accept their fate and do nothing about it. The clones do nothing and nothing happens in the film.<br /><br />This flick could have used a bit of drama, action, kung fu, conflict resolution...ANYTHING to pick up the pace and make something happen.<br /><br />Great concept but there should have been something; a revolt (you're not taking my organs!), showing the anguish that a life exists just to aid somebody else, something!This was the wrong approach for this movie.<br />I was completely disappointed!!!
0790729628|4.0|The directors cut of Blade Runner  edited scenes I wanted, but thats not sellers fault.  Good product, great price.  Would do business with him again!
1451627289|5.0|I'm giving 11/22/1963 five stars because I am one of King's fans - with several shelves of my library devoted to him.  I love the premise of this book and as always it is well-written in King's one-of-a-kind style.  But this book contains more than a suspenseful plot; it contains entirely too many references to King's political ideology.  What is the point?  We, your \\"constant Readers\\" already know on which side of the fence you reside, so why the need to allienate your fans with these references.  The entertainers, and this includes authors, who feel the need to expose their politics to their fans (continuously) only succeed in driving many fans away.  No definitive decision has been made by this \\"constant Reader\\", but I might have just added the last Stephen King novel to my library when I shelved 11/22/1963.
B005N95JA4|3.0|I used to think folk were whingers and whiners who bagged re-issues. Surely with superior new technology the most recent version would be the best, I reasoned. Oh WOW! The \\"Some Girls\\" Deluxe Edition arrived and I put the disk on expecting a sonic orgasm. Unfortunately, it was shrill and compressed beyond belief. Having read the reviews imploring me to get hold of Virgin 1994, I returned to the dust encrusted CD sitting on my shelf. Basically a deaf person could hear how far superior the 1994 Virgin release sounds with far better realised bass. I'm not kidding. It is blatantly obvious! I will never dismiss naysayers as misery guts ever again! Sadly it is at us$175.00 as I write this review for new. Get second hand. I know I will stock up on a few at US$5 each because it is my most played Stones post-Decca CD. Take care Y'all. You will agree with me!
0439023521|5.0|When I first started this book, I was a bit appalled, but fascinated, I must admit. This could happen. Our world, our country is so addicted to greed that  the sacrifice of people is a daily circumstance for corporations, politicians, and the \\"Illness of Greed\\" seems to be world-wide.    That being said, the characters were well-developed and engaging, and I went through this book before I knew it!    I will also say that the two books following The Hunger Games were each better than the one before, and held my interest to the last word!    Katniss is very engaging, as are the other characters, ordinary people trying to work together to survive in a brutal post-apocalyptic world.  The story shows the point of view of those in the elite city, those either ignorant by choice, or so jaded by excess and brain-washing by their government, that they happily cheer the poor victim/combatants.    The idea of escape is never allowed to openly exist in the minds of the colonists, but of course, it is the human instinct to live free and to find a way to that end.    From one exciting chapter to the next, this unusual and provocative book will hold you from beginning to end.
B006ANJ4BW|3.0|You can tell he enjoy his work. If you like syfy channel movies or shows then you will like this movie.
B000EZ7ZZE|5.0|Movie is great, always a fan of Resident Evil the Video game... and in blu ray wow, looks great!! i own all 4 of them and they are great! hope they come out with a new one soon!!!
B005NA3B8U|1.0|The game kept locking up my Droid Charge when I pressed play from the main screen. I would have like to play it as it seemed like a fun game from the photos.
B000XJ5TOK|5.0|Movie is great, always a fan of Resident Evil the Video game... and in blu ray wow, looks great!! i own all 4 of them and they are great! hope they come out with a new one soon!!!
B0013D8LOK|5.0|What's to say? Great version: awesome actors, perfect casting, surprisingly good voices from some you wouldn't expect, amazing backgrounds/sets, beautiful make-up/wardrobe, etc., etc...Wonderfully done. I watched it because it has some of my favorite actors - keep watching it because I love it! And so does my baby daughter! I was on bed rest for 5 months before & after having her - both in & out of m'belly, she LOVED the music! I bought it for her on DVD this year for Christmas because I taped it on my TiVo Sept 2010 right before she was born. Now, more than a year later, my TiVo box is shot & she's to the point that she freaks if I let commercials play anyway. I think maybe the box broke BECAUSE  sge watched this & a few other taped shows so many times. Sooooooo, now she can watch it straight through on the old XBox - yay! If you love Sweeny Todd or are just a little twisted, you'll dig this flick. If you're a Burton nerd or are a fan of Johnny Depp (Benjamin Barker/Sweeney Todd), Helena Bonham Carter (Mrs. Lovett), Alan Rickman (Judge Turpin), Laura Michelle Kelly (Lucy Barker), or Timothy Spall (Beadle Bamford) - or even Sacha Baron Cohen (Adolfo Pirelli/Davy Collins - he's not nearly as annoying in this as he can be) - then give this a shot because they all do a great job. It's dark & dreadful & impossibly charming - a classic & a favorite in our house!
B000YPUFA6|5.0|Movie is great, always a fan of Resident Evil the Video game... and in blu ray wow, looks great!! i own all 4 of them and they are great! hope they come out with a new one soon!!!
B004OZOTSQ|5.0|Would recommend for anyone that transfers files from their phone to computer. Sooooo much faster than USB, and you don't have to plug it in. Cheers, Dooblou!
B0046MOVD0|5.0|Movie is great, always a fan of Resident Evil the Video game... and in blu ray wow, looks great!! i own all 4 of them and they are great! hope they come out with a new one soon!!!
B003E6K1VK|5.0|I'M IN LOVE AND I DON'T CARE WHO KNOWS IT! Audiophile or not, if you cannot hear a difference (or only hear a marginal difference) with the E7 you are not LISTENING to your music.  I would pay double the price for the quality of this product and the extras which include a screen protector, silicone case, USB cable (buy iPOD cable separately), and velvet carrying bag.  If you've ever purchased an iPhone it comes in a very similar white thick cardboard box, pure class.  I decided to open my E7 yesterday and have bought 6 CDs (listened to through Apple Lossless) since then because of the pure audio bliss this gives me.  I am inspired to listen again.  I listen to everything from Lil Wayne to the Flaming Lips.  Deep bass, snappy highs and all around great sound, many times I've found myself just nodding my head to the beat which I never do.  I've only used it connected to my laptop (not my iPod, but I do have a LOD) so far; it separates the instruments and widens the sound, feels like you're actually listening to some high-quality studio monitors. Like a hifi audio system with the tweeters screaming and bass slamming you in the chest--I can hear the piano hammers hit the string and the guitar fretboard and with the drums you can feel the kick drum but also hear the shatter of the cymbals, horns sound alive as well--it seriously blows me away.  If you want to really hear musicians in the studio buy this product--it will change the way you hear music and what it means to make a great recording.  I'm using a basic HP laptop out to the E7 then out to the Audio Technica M50s (it's like butter in my ears), I also have the Grado M80i's (A TON OF SOUND LEAKAGE BUT MORE THAN FANTASTIC AUDIO).  I am a casual musician (dabble with the bass guitar and keyboard) and if you listen to a live cd  with the E7 like Zac Brown or James Taylor you will be stunned by the realism.  If you're fence sitting about this product, I'd say pull the trigger and LISTEN for yourself.  I'm upgrading tothe E9 so I can connect it to the E7 for Xmas (drown out the in-laws) because I'm so impressed with the FIIO company.  Just WOW.  TLDR: PULL THE TRIGGER AND BUY THIS LITTLE SONIC PISTOL
B0009PAVI2|3.0|Just wasn't too happy with the interior material. It's not sandpaper rough or anything, but it is definitely a bit disconcerting to put a $100 filter in between this material. I have some tiny microfiber cloths that I wrapped around my more expensive ones, but then that kinds of defeats the point of a quick access device like this.  You can fit two filters in the back pocket if you screw them together.  I wasn't too impressed with how it connects to my Tamrac strap. It's designed to do this, but the hook on the strap is tiny, and the hook on the case is huge, so it just flops around wherever it feels like. Wish it was more secure.  Guess companies think nobody is using filters anymore so they don't put a lot of time into making these better?
B001QWBM62|4.0|I was in the market for a quality sound recorder.  So far, the zoom H4n hasn't disappointed.  I purchased it as additional gear for use w/ Canon 5d video.  Besides those projects, it's great at grabbing sound at concerts or presentations.
B000YGIIPO|5.0|\\"Because, you see, you just think for many rats, but you don't think OF them.\\"  For this sentence alone, this book should be required reading for every idiot liberal arts student in the entire world. It's SO obvious, unless you're an Occupisher. When they come for YOUR neighbor, will YOU say anything? Tolkien is the only other comparable writer to Pratchett's books, but Pratchett does it better; it's more real, more human. We should mourn the fact that journalists like Pratchett are ...well, so few and far between. God bless you, Terry. May we find a cure.
B005TZFZJC|1.0|I previewed all songs and all I have to say is that they are all boring. The lyrics are lame and the beats are not original at all. It seems it took her one day to make this album. Definitely her 5 minutes are up.
B004SBX112|5.0|More Angry Birds please. What's not to love about this simple but fun game? Thanks for the free one Amazon.
B004EPYZPS|3.0|This is a reasonably entertaining film.  Its strong point is the acting of the young actors.  Many times actors under the age of around 15 simply cannot act; they mouth their lines pertly enough, but at the end of the day they are not convincing as characters.  These young actors can actually act, and seem like real people caught up in a real situation.  The plot kind of meanders along with the trademark Spielberg plot of an extraterrestrial situation that the bad US Government agents are trying to ruthlessly cover up.  We've seen it before.  I kept waiting for the kids to ride their bikes into the sky.  And that spaceship, I think I saw it somewhere before in a Richard Dreyfus film.<br /><br />The sub-plot of the fathers who are dealing with grief, albeit unsuccessfully, in different ways is carried off well, and some viewers will find this more interesting than the countless crashes, smash ups, etc. that relentlessly punctuate this film.  An enjoyable family film.  RJB.
B00425S1H8|5.0|I purchased this product because my Dell laptop doesn't have a serial port to use for a console connection to Cisco routers. I didn't want to buy a Dell docking station with a serial port either. I purchased it after reading all the reviews. It works fine with Windows 7 and TeraTerm or Hyperterminal.
B005H9B2CE|4.0|When I was a kid I read \\"Thor\\" marvel comics as from the first issue, and in fact these comic books ignited my interest in authentic ancient Norse mythology, which in many ways is more interesting than Greek mythology in my opinion.  So naturally, when \\"Thor\\" made its debut I had to see it, fearing the worst.  Fear not, this is an intelligently made movie that has a linear plot, excellent special effects, and believe it or not, pretty good acting and character development.  The incomparable Anthony Hopkins as Odin the All-Father adds extra zip to the film.<br /><br />While the special effects in this one were occasionally a distraction, mostly they support and help make the movie, and provide lots of visual treats.  This one rewards the viewer who has a quality TV or video device because the scenes involving Asgaard and Jotenheim are spectacular.  The ending leaves room for more of \\"Thor\\" (no spoilers here) and this film shows the potential for even better \\"Thor\\" films in the future.  Enjoyable and recommended.  RJB.
B0051BVQFG|1.0|Got the digital download and its at 480i? Wow! First time I've actually paid for a movie and the last time I'll pay for a digital download.
B00004TJTS|5.0|Hands down, my favorite 'boy and his dog' movie of all time. Also a box of kleenex flick, without a doubt.
B003R0LBVW|1.0|Avoid this book if you are at all susceptible to depression or self-pity.  Although well-written enough to drag me in, by 1/3 through the depressive, self-pitying voice of this novel took possession of my mind, and I had to get rid of it.  I deleted it from my Kindle and moved on to something else - like a well-written fantasy - to erase the horrid voice that was trying to take over my mind
B003Q6D25K|3.0|I thought the first Paranormal Activity was an excellent film.  While watching Paranormal Activity 2, I thought it was very similar in the plot development.  I felt as though the plot was a little slow but the finish was good.  In the first film, I enjoyed the alternate ending better because I felt as though it really made the film end in a WOW! This film lacked that Wow factor at the end but it did leave a nice tie in which I thought was creative.  If you didn't like the first movie I don't think that you would enjoy this one either.  If you enjoyed the first film and are looking to jump out of your seat I feel this is the film for you.
B003Y5H4Y8|4.0|I did not realize this was a remake of an Israeli film until I read other Amazon reviews.  Now I'd like to view the original.  The one thing that is hard to imagine though is that anyone could be better than Jessica Chastain as the young woman Mossad agent in 1966.<br /><br />Three Mossad agents are presented with a rather thankless task.  To abduct one of the horrific doctors from the Holocaust, who was experimenting on Jews and killing them, and bring him back to Israel so justice can be meted out.  If they had just been told to kill him in East Berlin, it would have been a much easier task. The actor who plays the villain does a virtuoso job.  I think that role would have been the most fun to do as an actor.<br /><br />This 1966 portion of the film, starring Chastain, is a 5 star effort.  Where the film is surprisingly not as stellar is with the story decades later when the female agent has aged into Helen Mirren.  Mirren is good but the whole contemporary portion of the story feels off after we've been in 1966 with our original threesome.  I assume this is always a problem when you are cutting back and forth between two time periods.  I am curious as to whether the original film had the same problem.<br /><br />Nevertheless, it is well worth viewing and finding out the problems these Mossad agents ran into in both 1966 and then three decades later.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|I heard the movie is great, one family member saw it and agrees, but none of the rest of us is so far able to see it with this set. I suspect that we eventually will see the regular DVD. We were hoping to see it in Blu-Ray though, and eventually in 3D, but apparently although our TV is capable, we need a compatible player. I can understand that for the 3-D but making it so difficult for the honest buyer to view the Blu-Ray disc is ridiculous.   What gripes me is the error messages we get trying to play the Blu-Ray: Your system is not compatible with HDCP, BD playback is disabled. (ErrorCode=3106) or \\"The content is protected. The content is not allowed to play in the current display mode. Or other \\"Not HDCP compliant.\\"   In other words, we pay for the set, but since our hardware is sufficient to play it, but not sufficiently new and up to date to meet some copy protection standard, we are penalized for buying the product.   If you do not have all the latest and greatest equipment, you might want to inquire first with Warner Brothers as to whether you will be able to play the Blu-Ray. What a shame!   Perhaps someone more sophisticated about Blu-Ray discs can expound, all I know is we have not yet managed to play it! So much for relaxing while watching a movie, more like hours of stress, frustration, and disappointment. It was particularly disappointing to one of our family members who has followed the series closely. At least our books work fine.
B005BOUY38|5.0|There is a lot of maturity and comfort in this album. As someone who owns all 3 of his albums and listens to them constantly, it was really nice to hear this new sound. Lovely ballads and \\"Slave to the music\\" is a really fun track. Definitely a keeper!
0312330537|5.0|Shantaram is probably best book I've read in the past 5 years. The blend of an utterly intriguing storyline, spectacular imagery and beautifully developed characters allowed me to finish this 900 page book faster than I have many half its length.   At its heart, it is a love story, but there is so much more to Shantaram. It explores the beauty of friendship, the struggles of poverty and the ability we have to create change, both internally and externally.   While I give it 5 stars because I really did 'love it', Shantaram wasn't entirely without fault. While always compelling, the storyline, being 'based on actual events', drifted from the utterly believable to the ... questionable.   In the end, however, I was left with a lump in my throat and the disappointment that 900 pages wasn't 901.
B003QSBYNK|5.0|The movie gives a nice insight into the monarchy and to queen Elizabeth herself. How she dealt with the death of Diana, and the press, is amazing. It goes to show how much pressure she is put under, being the head of state.
B0057C8OP4|5.0|After the tragedy of having GaGa's \\"Judas\\" released as a bogus CD-R single, although it did have plenty of remixes, it is a treat to have an official CD release of Edge of Glory. Although there's only the radio edit and one remix, the Cahill Remix is the full length 7 and a half minute version. It's an excellent remix, giving the song a slightly softer house flare and embellishing with some floaty disco strings. Too bad these types of remixes weren't included on the awful \\"Born This Way - The Remix\\" CD that was just released.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|This was a great movie that I enjoyed a lot. It is a little dark so if you get disturbed easily, then I would stay away. I usually don't enjoy dark movies, but I really enjoyed this movie. The action and character development in this movie is touch notch and one that shouldn't be missed. If you saw Batman Begins, then you have to see this.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I love this workout video! It totally works. The price was great and the delivery was fast. And I love the way Jillian sets up her exercise circuits.
B002ZG981E|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie. It makes you think and has a lot of action in it. It might not all make 100 percent sense, but that is part of the movie. It makes you think and brings you into a different type of thinking. Is it the best movie ever made? No! IT is hard for this movie because there is a lot of hype in it. If you don't want to think and you get confused easily, I would stay away then from this movie. I enjoyed it and thought it was cool.
1597801585|5.0|But when a new author wins both the Hugo and the Nebula for the same book, what else can you expect?<br /><br />Bacigalupi paints a vivid portrayal of a world unhinged by seed companies that genetically engineer plagues so they can sell crops resistant to their manufactured illness. They have subdued the entire world with this technology. All but Thailand. Bacigalupi adds a post carbon energy economy and rising sea levels to complete a picture of an alien and hostile Earth.<br /><br />The Dickensian plot is peppered with characters that are equal parts villain and hero making the reading compelling and all too real.<br /><br />Andersen Lake is sent by one of these \\"calorie companies\\" to Thailand, to discover the secret of their resistance to the pressures of the plagues released by the company. He soon falls in love with Emiko, a sex worker in the seedy district of Bangkok. Unfortunately, Emiko is contraband--a genetically altered human thrown away by a departing Japaneese diplomat. And Emiko carries a deadly secret.<br />flag
B004EPYZUI|2.0|This is a really weird movie. Half the time you have no idea what is going on and even when it is over there is some open interpretation. I don't mind movies like that, but this movie was just so weird and it was not my cup of tea. I think this movie is for a select crowed. The artistic stuff and action scenes were pretty cool, but the story so so. I would rent this first before buying if I was you.
0553381695|5.0|The best fantasy saga since \\"The Lord of the Rings\\". Even if you don't like fantasy, youll thoroughly enjoy this series. The story is set in a very detailed fantasy world, and the construction of the characters' personalities is excellent. And the best of all: not a single cliche in the entire book. There are not entirely good or entirely evil characters. Everyone has character flaws, and you can't say for sure who are the protagonists. Some characters you hate in the first book you'll find yourself rooting for in the 4th. This is Martn's greatest achievement: he tells the story from the point of view of some of the characters, and the informatin you have about the plot is only what the characters get. When he tells the story from the POV of Arya, for instance, the narrator's entirely vision of the world is simplified. When it's Sansa, the narrator becomes more romantic (in the literary sense). When saw through the eyes of Catelyn, the enviroment becomes more bitter and frustrating. Definitely a masterpice.  About the plot: After the rise of the four kings (Joffrey, Robb, Stannis and Renly), Robb sends Theon to gain his father's loyalty to the North's cause, in exchange of a crown for himself. But Balon Greyjoy wants a kingdom of his own, and proclaims himself king, starting \\"The War of The Five Kings\\". The quest for power sends brother against brother, and Tyrion's wits will be tested when he is in charge of the defense of King's Landing. Arya's quest to Winterfell becomes more dangerous than she anticipated. And across the narrow sea, Dany tries to rebiuld her army.  It's a \\"middle series book\\", with no proper ending. If you do not intend to read the entire series - which is a \\"tour de force\\", since the books are HUGE and Martin announced a total of seven novels -, you won't be satisfied with the second one, because there's no closure at all. But if you give the series a chance, you won't regret it.  In time: the first season of the HBO adaptation ends exactly in the end of the first book (A Game of Thrones).
B004ZJZPXO|5.0|I saw this and then I watched the show firefly. I feel like you need to do it in the opposite order by watching the TV show first and then the movie. The show is awesome and I am sad to see that it only had one season. The movie is really good too and you should do yourself a favor and check it out. It is a little syfy but doesn't really feel like it.
B000F4LPJ6|5.0|if u can handle the many deaths in this movie, then this is the 1 u should check out. similar to 'lord of the flies' that came out years ago, but very muched amped up. its a very interresting story, plus theirs drama 4 the ladies. it makes u think if u was in that situation, what would u do??? who would u trust??? this movie is out there, but i have 2 say....it was a wild ride and i enjoyed it very much. a rent became a buy 4 me. check it out. it will keep u entertained, and make u think.
B002ZG97EC|5.0|I thought this movie was an enjoyment to watch. I am in my 20s and I thought this movie was funny and had a good story too. I recommend buying this movie because it is such an enjoyment to watch. Some of my friends who are in college love this movie.
B0064NTZJO|5.0|alot of people thought this was gonna be a nonstop action movie by the commercials, but its actually in my opinion more of a drama with some action and gore in it. but i have to say this was a very enjoyable film. all loners out there will feel ryans performance in the movie. he doesnt have alot of dialogue at all, its all looks. sometimes thats all u need 2 get your point across. but it definetly works. also bryan cranston from 'breaking bad' does an awsome job as his employer/ manager. and mel brooks in his most talked about performance ever does a scary job playing the bad guy here. bottom line is, this movie is more of an artistic movie bringing you back to the 80s with its soundtrack and oldschool storyline. i saw this movie 5 times already and i'll only see it more once its in blur ray form. a great ride.
B002SJIO4A|5.0|District 9 is a polarizing film. If you go onto Metacritic, you'll find that most reviewers either give it a 100 or 90-----or a 50. The same goes with the Amazon reviews. But my opinion is that YOUR opinion of the movie is a matter of taste. The movie itself is extremely well-made. The acting, effects, sights, sounds, plot, action sequences, all are top-notch. Whether you like it or not depends a little on what movies you like. If, like me, you enjoy films like A Clockwork Orange, Memento, No Country for Old Men, Pan's Labyrinth, etc. this might just be for you. District 9 is unusual and original enough to appeal to cult-movie fans, action-packed enough to appeal to adrenaline junkies, and intense enough to appeal to horror fans.    So why all the negative reviews? The main reasons I can think of are that; some parts of it are gross--no way around that. More than excessive amounts of blood and gore though, the movie goes for intensity, like 27 Hours. Also, the overall plot or direction of the movie is a little bit murky at times. Some may be unsatisfied with the ending. Finally, a certain scene (I won't spoil anything) involving a mech goes on a bit too long.  None of these added up to make District 9 any less enjoyable for me. At the 'turn' of the film, during a particularly intense scene, I was simply gaping, open-mouthed, going \\"OHMYGOD...\\". District 9 will take you through a variety of emotions with its gritty, realistic camera and strong acting from Sharlton Copley.   Sorry I didn't say too much about the actual plot, but I don't want to spoil it for anyone. JUST WATCH IT.  YOU MAY BE GLAD YOU DID:  D. Latzanich
B005Y1B3Q0|5.0|i love this movie. fans of the oldschool 80's action flicks should own a copy of this movie. all the action stars 2gether in 1....whats not 2 like???? a great movie!!!
B00004XONN|5.0|This is some of the most beautiful experimental rock music I've ever heard. One of my all-time favorite albums, and \\"How To Disappear Completely\\" might just be my all time favorite song. I can't recommend this album highly enough to anyone who is even a little adventurous in their rock music listening preferences.
0439023521|5.0|I have never read a book quite like The Hunger Games.  Suzanne Collins spins an incredible, action-packed tale that she based on the ancient Greek story of the Labyrinth.  The story takes place in Panem, a country that springs up from a destroyed America.  Panem has been divided into thirteen districts, controlled by the evil President Snow.  The Capitol keeps the rebellious districts in check by forcing them to send two tributes - a boy and a girl - to compete in the Hunger Games - a grisly competition in which teens fight to the death on live TV.   Collins introduces us to Katniss - a smart, caring teen who ignores the Capitol to hunt in a forbidden forest.  This year is the first in which her younger sister, Prim, is eligible for the Games.  Katniss reassures her sister that the odds of being selected are too slim to worry about.  However, Prim's name is chosen, and Katniss volunteers to take her place in a desperate attempt to save her.  What follows is a terrible, gory, even disturbing plot as the Games begin.  Katniss struggles to survive, for the rule of the Games is \\"kill or be killed.\\"  Though violent, I was unable to put this book down, and I couldn't stop thinking about it for days.  I am anxiously awaiting the movie!  I recommend this book to everyone, especially those of you who loved Harry Potter, The Maze Runner, or Divergent!
B002ZG981E|5.0|One of my favorite movies, and personal best Ive seen in a long time. Its been a while since such a movie has kept my attention from start to finish!
B001QXE0OC|5.0|This album really suits any mood. It has great music 4 a party, too. My favorite tracks are \\"Falling Down,\\" \\"More,\\" and \\"As A Blonde.\\" Great tracks, awesome rhythems (I probably didn't spell that right), etc. Who wouldn't want 2 buy this album?!
B005ORVMT2|2.0|THE GOOD: If you have a high end receiver and a surround sound setup, the DVDs for Fly By Night, Farewell To Kings, and Signals sound terrific.  THE BAD: The cds are definitely NOT AN IMPROVEMENT over the 1997 remasters, unless you consider LOUDER and less dynamic range to be an improvement. I used Sony studio quality headphones connected to a THX certified Pioneer Elite receiver to compare each album. The 1997 remasters have a much warmer sound and are less harsh sounding.  The only reason I give the Sector box sets 2 STARS is because of the DVD in each set.
B004JZBGWI|3.0|nicely designed but integration with calendar needs a lot of improvement. tasks need an optional due date to make this a useful app.
081297381X|4.0|ego. it seems difficult to discuss \\"the black swan\\" without at least a mention of taleb's ego. while i personally don't take offense at the author's sense of self-worth, i can see how some readers' aversion to taleb's personality could carry over into their assessments of his books. however, it would be a mistake to put too much emphasis on the arrogance of others. don't lose sight of the ideas. in my opinion, \\"the black swan\\" is not as monumental as its author would believe, but it is certainly worth a read and does contain some thought provoking threads on the role of uncertainty in our lives.<br /><br />a black swan is a highly improbable event of extreme impact that appears obvious and explainable in hindsight. psychological tendencies blind us both before and after the appearance of the black swan, making the black swan hard to predict beforehand, yet making it appear plausible through our rationalizations afterward. this is a story about human limitations in interpreting information; this is a story about epistemology.<br /><br />as an example of a black swan, consider the death of a chicken which has been consistently fed every day by a farmer, viewed from the perspective of the doomed fowl. (those familiar with philosophy will recognize this example as russell's chicken.) taleb repeatedly reminds the reader that black swans are not objective events and care should be taken to consider who is the \\"sucker\\" when discussing black swans. death by the farmer's hands may come as a complete shock to the chicken based on the chicken's observations every single day of its life, but the wringing of the chicken's neck is not at all surprising from the farmer's perspective.<br /><br />taleb attempts to make the concept easier for a wide audience to understand through the use of the metaphor of mediocristan and extremistan. roughly speaking, in mediocristan, deviations from the average are not large enough to seriously impact the average when notable deviations do appear in new data. in extremistan, the deviations from the average are large enough for a small number of sizable new measurements, even a single one (the black swan), to significantly skew the average. the measured heights of a population is a topic that belongs in mediocristan, while the wealth of that same population belongs in extremistan. in more formal language, mediocristan is the realm governed by normal gaussian probability distributions and the results that come from using bell curves, while such mathematical tools fail in extremistan. it is the use of tools from mediocristan when one is really dealing with a situation in extremistan that causes blindness to black swans. it is the chicken's belief that each day's events couldn't diverge too much from the uneventful past that caused the chicken to so completely misjudge the farmer's benevolence.<br /><br />the black swan plays a huge role in the financial markets, where fortunes are won or lost by the appearance of statistical outliers. wall street has an entire army of financial analysts and programmers whose work depends on a foundation from mediocristan. economists and finance professors are in the same boat. yet, empirical data doesn't seem to support the hypothesis that these tools are even appropriate in this setting. (mandelbrot does an excellent job explaining why these tools are inappropriate in part one of his book \\"the misbehavior of markets\\" if you're not convinced by taleb's presentation; i read mandelbrot before taleb so i was already familiar with the message going in.) it seems remarkable and absurd to me that so many people can ignore the empirical data and just go about their affairs in the dark like this, especially when they are surrounded by this data every single day at work. however, as upton sinclair wrote, \\"it is difficult to get a man to understand something, when his salary depends upon his not understanding it.\\"<br /><br />taleb deserves credit for attempting to get more people to opentheir minds to the existence of black swans and to protect themselves from these events as best they can. where he goes wrong is that he overreaches. taleb relates black swans to almost every subject under the sun, and while the connecting of the dots is interesting, frankly, this enterprise just doesn't seem ready for prime time. it also doesn't help that taleb seems to misunderstand some of the topics he writes about, especially when he talks about math and science.<br /><br />for example, on p.55 taleb writes that \\"mathematicians will try to convince you that their science is useful to society by pointing out instances where it proved helpful, not those where it was a waste of time...owing to the highly unempirical nature of elegant mathematical theories.\\" this is simply an erroneous understanding of mathematicians. first and foremost, mathematicians are interested in the beauty of mathematics. applications to society are secondary, and the pure mathematicians don't even consider the social utility of their work at all. see for example g.h. hardy's book \\"a mathematician's apology\\" that is representative of this attitude. imagine my surprise when taleb later quotes from hardy's very book on p.240 to contradict himself 185 pages earlier! another example, on p.287 taleb writes that he finds \\"it ludicrous to present the uncertainty principle as having anything to do with uncertainty\\" since taleb believes the future positions of subatomic particles are gaussian in nature and as such average out by the law of large numbers. he further writes, \\"can someone explain to me why i should care about subatomic particles that, anyway, converge to a gaussian?\\" it doesn't seem like taleb really understands quantum mechanics enough to be writing about it. in reply to taleb's question, i offer the phenomenon of quantum tunneling as a counter-intuitive example with both theoretical appeal as well as useful engineering applications.<br /><br />in attempting to make his point of view seem grander and more original, taleb also changes the names of various well-known concepts. for example, the aforementioned heisenberg uncertainty principle is called the \\"greater uncertainty principle\\" in taleb's book. in place of \\"survivorship bias,\\" which is quite standard terminology, taleb instead writes of the \\"casanova effect\\" and \\"silent evidence.\\" readers familiar with physics will also recognize the \\"anthropic principle\\" from cosmology when taleb discusses casanova. it is helpful to use a different label when there's a significant twist or other insight, but new labels are more harmful than not when the underlying concepts are essentially unchanged.<br /><br />overall, taleb is a colorful author whose personality is intimately woven into the narrative. this has the effect of making the book easy to read while also exposing various weaknesses when taleb walks into territory he's under-prepared to travel. however, these criticisms are not enough to negate the greater message. \\"the black swan\\" and his earlier book \\"fooled by randomness\\" clearly demonstrate that taleb understands the main problem with treating the world as if it were entirely tameable with our comfortable statistical toolkit. nevertheless, focusing on the author's personality is what draws many readers away from the real message of the book, and taleb carries some of the blame for that, though not all of it. this missing of the mark also shows up in the recent \\"occupy wall street\\" protest movement. wall street professionals can make a lot of money using a faulty understanding of how the financial markets work, underestimating risk, yet get the american taxpayers to socialize the losses when the black swan does show up. this is fundamentally unjust, but that message too is similarly pitifully lost in the focus on the protestors themselves.o protect themselves from these events as best they can. where he goes wrong is that he overreaches. taleb relates black swans to almost every subject under the sun, and while the connecting of the dots is interesting, frankly, this enterprise just doesn't seem ready for prime time. it also doesn't help that taleb seems to misunderstand some of the topics he writes about, especially when he talks about math and science.  for example, on p.55 taleb writes that \\"mathematicians will try to convince you that their science is useful to society by pointing out instances where it proved helpful, not those where it was a waste of time...owing to the highly unempirical nature of elegant mathematical theories.\\" this is simply an erroneous understanding of mathematicians. first and foremost, mathematicians are interested in the beauty of mathematics. applications to society are secondary, and the pure mathematicians don't even consider the social utility of their work at all. see for example g.h. hardy's book \\"a mathematician's apology\\" that is representative of this attitude. imagine my surprise when taleb later quotes from hardy's very book on p.240 to contradict himself 185 pages earlier! another example, on p.287 taleb writes that he finds \\"it ludicrous to present the uncertainty principle as having anything to do with uncertainty\\" since taleb believes the future positions of subatomic particles are gaussian in nature and as such average out by the law of large numbers. he further writes, \\"can someone explain to me why i should care about subatomic particles that, anyway, converge to a gaussian?\\" it doesn't seem like taleb really understands quantum mechanics enough to be writing about it. in reply to taleb's question, i offer the phenomenon of quantum tunneling as a counter-intuitive example with both theoretical appeal as well as useful engineering applications.  in attempting to make his point of view seem grander and more original, taleb also changes the names of various well-known concepts. for example, the aforementioned heisenberg uncertainty principle is called the \\"greater uncertainty principle\\" in taleb's book. in place of \\"survivorship bias,\\" which is quite standard terminology, taleb instead writes of the \\"casanova effect\\" and \\"silent evidence.\\" readers familiar with physics will also recognize the \\"anthropic principle\\" from cosmology when taleb discusses casanova. it is helpful to use a different label when there's a significant twist or other insight, but new labels are more harmful than not when the underlying concepts are essentially unchanged.  overall, taleb is a colorful author whose personality is intimately woven into the narrative. this has the effect of making the book easy to read while also exposing various weaknesses when taleb walks into territory he's under-prepared to travel. however, these criticisms are not enough to negate the greater message. \\"the black swan\\" and his earlier book \\"fooled by randomness\\" clearly demonstrate that taleb understands the main problem with treating the world as if it were entirely tameable with our comfortable statistical toolkit. nevertheless, focusing on the author's personality is what draws many readers away from the real message of the book, and taleb carries some of the blame for that, though not all of it. this missing of the mark also shows up in the recent \\"occupy wall street\\" protest movement. wall street professionals can make a lot of money using a faulty understanding of how the financial markets work, underestimating risk, yet get the american taxpayers to socialize the losses when the black swan does show up. this is fundamentally unjust, but that message too is similarly pitifully lost in the focus on the protestors themselves.
B006671NPM|4.0|I loved the movie. It was, by far, the best of the series. And the 3d was really good too. Of course, its still a 2d to 3d conversion, so its not the best. I give the film 5/5 and the 3d 4/5. Its worth buying, of course you will want to get it from Best Buy.   Also, this movies 3d is MUCH better than part 1's 3d. I don't know what it was so bad. If I had to guess, the producers got part 2 ready for the theaters, taking time to make it the best it could be, and then rushed part 1 just to make money on bluray release.
0812548094|4.0|Wizard's First Rule was an okay book with a lot of flaws. Stone of Tears has non of those flaws. The plot flows nicely, there is some real good character development, the characters are no longer childish, and the book is just really interesting! Richard and Kahlan's struggle for love is intriguing, and once they're separated, each has their own fascinating plot.  However, there's just one issue with this book- it's a compete copy of the wheel of time. Banelings are darkfriends, the blood of the fold are the children of the light, the sisters of the light are aes sedai, the sisters of the dark are black ajah, and the tare in the veil is the bore in the dark one's prison- it's completely ridiculous! The only reason I didn't give this book 1 star for being totally unoriginal is that the bottom line is that i enjoyed reading this book. If in order to make me enjoy reading his books Goodkind has to copy... well I won't appreciate him as much but I'll still like his book.  One other small problem I had with this book was that there were some really disgusting and inappropriate scenes. For example the scene where a wizards power is passed on to one of the sisters...  In the end, this book is definitely worth reading and i highly reccomend it .
B0052UZIFA|2.0|it would be nice if it atleast had the unending challenge. zen garden is another feature missing. It angers me when people publish unfinnished aps for the android. yet they give the iphone everything.
B0000542DJ|3.0|Its funny how people will watch a movie and think the movie presented the truth. Its really this movie and Garrison's book that made me realize that it really wasn't a conspiracy. Why? Because the conspiracy people can't get enough conspirators. Garrison uses such hearsay in the book and \\"so and so heard some one heard this.\\" Not credible in any real way. Garrison's own people thought he was a liar. I used to believe in a conspiracy but really how many people would it take? How many bullets to blow someone's head off? I've been to Deally Plaza. The shots weren't difficult and Kennedy wasn't traveling very fast though it may seem that way because Zapruder was filming from the side. So was it the Mod, Russians, Castro, CIA, LBJ, Defense Department, Nixon, Howard Hunt or Clay Shaw? Why choose when Oliver Stone will let you have all of them and anyone else you'd like. That's much easier than thinking. Guns Kill. Oswald had a gun. No need for conspiracy. If people would just look at OSWALD after the arrest. Really look at the man. Look how happy he is to be on TV. Sure he denies the killing, but seems to enjoy the game. Most people would have been poohing in their pants if they were told they had killed a police officer and the president. Not Oswald.  A wanna be loser finally made a name for himself.
B004EPYZQ2|3.0|J.J. Abrams - Director / Writer / Producer presents us with a love story that incidentally is visited now and then by an alien.  Marketed as a sort of kids \\"Blaire Witch\\" story, the film is a pale reflection of \\"The Goonies\\" (1985.)<br /><br />Basically kids making a movie witness a train wreck and possibly something else. We know that they are in trouble as \\"poof\\" out of nowhere men in uniforms with flashlights appears.<br /><br />There is a disclaimer in the beginning of the film but there does seem to be a lot of gratuitous potty mouth in the presentation.<br /><br />Even if the plot was formula and many times formula can be fun, Elle Fanning excelled as a zombie. See her earlier works as Phoebe Lichten in \\"Phoebe in Wonderland\\" (2008).
B000V9KFLY|5.0|This is one of my favorite DVDs. Ms. Dion had included several of her recordings from other DVDs...but that is ok because they are some of her best works. I am a schmuck. I admit it. Her rendition of O Holy Night is breath-taking and gives me goosebumps every time I hear it. There is something for everyone on this DVD. If you can't listen to it and get into the Christmas spirit then maybe Alvin and the Chipmunks might help...or maybe \\"Grandma Got Run Over by a Reindeer\\"? :)
B002ZG4Q5W|5.0|Well I have to confess that I have seen many Shakespeare plays but not King Lear; so this is not a comparison review.<br /><br />I heard about this movie and Akira Kurosawa and read the reviews. So I figured it was time to plug a hole in my cultural vacuum. I'm not that artsy so I didn't really expect the results.<br /><br />Starting this film I realized that I was going to have to rely totally on the subtitles. I have been in Japan but the only words that are recognized are the few that were written on amazon.ja. Before I even got comfortable subtitles was sucked into the story and the characters. Now I was hooked. I not only wanted to know what everybody was doing but what they were doing when they were not on the screen. While the movie was running I kept thinking now it's going to stop. But no it went on and on and on. Then when I wished it would keep going on and on and on, it was over. This is one of those movies that you wish there was a sequel; but you know that wouldn't be practical. So be prepared to lose yourself in another reality.<br /><br />The basic story is that Lord Hidetora Ichimonji (Tatsuya Nakadai) after ruthless career of conquering the neighbors in killing off rivals has finally brought the territory under peace and his absolute rule. Now that he is about to retire he hands the reins over to his eldest son to the consternation of the two younger sons who expected to share in the power. He lets them know they can share by supporting the eldest son. You can see the formula but have no idea how it really will turn out with the two younger sons, old rivals, a disgruntled brat (okay Fox) wanting her Castle back, and many other subplots.<br /><br />One side note is that as I watched Lord Hidetora Ichimonji's slow disintegration I could see my own father now in his 90s and relate because this movie was so real not just the play.<br /><br />Just an observation, I found the contrast between the primitive countryside and sloppy built castles compared to the intricate eating utensils and clothing to be surprising. It makes you wonder if it really was that way. And I'm not quite sure what they were trying to say when they are pussyfooting around between Buddhism and Shintoism.<br /><br />The DVD that I watched had several extras that this time instead of being in Japanese is now in French with English subtitles. As with most extras watching the movie again with this knowledge adds a new dimension.the intricate eating utensils and clothing to be surprising. It makes you wonder if it really was that way. And I'm not quite sure what they were trying to say when they are pussyfooting around between Buddhism and Shintoism.<br /><br />The DVD that I watched had several extras that this time instead of being in Japanese is now in French with English subtitles. As with most extras watching the movie again with this knowledge adds a new dimension.
B0024FADDI|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies by Mr. Campbell. It is very similar to quite a few SiFi/Horror flicks of the early and mid sixties. It is hard to describe the fun parts of this movie without going into details and giving some of the good bits away. It is funny only in that special way Mr. Campbell has of making something dark laughable. If you are a fan of his work you will not be disappointed with this one.
B001SKB1Y0|1.0|An avid Woody Allen fan that stopped paying attention to him after he seduced his step daughter, I decided to watch some of his new material after watching a documentary on his career on PBS. This movie was suggested by a relative.  What a mistake. I wasted 3.99 on a rental and 30 minutes downloading it. Endless monotone dialogue with predictable outcomes, I had to stop the film 2/3 through. I was tempted to do so at 1/3 but thought there might be a key moment that brought it all together. At 2/3 of the way through it became clear to me that this was one of Woody's dry flops. Not really a knock on Woody, as he does go up to the plate swinging. In baseball, succeed 3 times out of 10 and you are close to the hall of fame. I think Woody is batting better than 300 even with this boorish romantic drivel.
0345529057|5.0|Martin's boxed set came in A -1 condition from Amazon, and I am completely immersed in the series. Since the huge number of characters may quell some readers, I advise that they just stick with the first book until they get caught  up in it., and I believe they will  become deeply involved with each major character and many minor ones.  The info concerning different kingdoms  (in the back) is helpful, as is the map; however, for quicker reference I started a list of characters of my own in alphabetical order. (Is there such a list published yet?). How great to finish one book and know there are more to follow; I  regret the \\"deaths\\" of some of my favorite characters, but the tragedies help one become involved in what these losses mean. I don't know about others, but I'll keep reading the series to the end.
0811879542|5.0|I bought this for my niece for her fifth birthday.  She loves it.  Even her 18 month old brother participates in this interactive book.
1451627289|5.0|I think for almost all of his books lately this is true...but not this one.  I LOVED THIS BOOK.  High praise from me when I think Mrs. Tabitha King is the better writer.  But Mr. King has hit a homerun to me.  I loved Salem's Lot, Pet Cemetery and The Stand...but not much else by Mr. King.  I did truly love this book and I think everyone will if you don't get your panties caught up in the time traveling.  It can send your mind in circles so just suspend your disbelief and enjoy this rip roaring ride!!
B004WDRT1Y|5.0|Lived up to my expectations! My wife and I loved it. Buy it!Arrived on time and in perfect condition. Spent only $30 on this wonderful collection.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|this game is awesome and challenging. It is like finger physics and I have lots of fun on this game.
B0053KWDES|4.0|Ipod Classic 160GB, FIIO L3 Line Out cable, FIIO E11, and Sennheiser HD 598.  Total bliss on the ears.  I had a Microshar 107 AMP which sounded great with Klipsh earbuds but was really muddy on the bass with Sennheiser 598's.  Now I am hearing everything crystal clear and paid half as much for this amp.
B00008H2LB|5.0|Being exaustingly hyped up for \\"something\\" coming out (and liking it) usually produces two feelings: satisfaction (which is the norm) and then the undefinable \\"being-blown-away-and-trying-to-gather-the-pieces-of-your-body\\" feeling. Things that exceed your expectations are rare to find. For me it's been The Dark Knight, Resident Evil 4, and Linkin Park's Meteora. And really, in my entire life (with the exception of The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask) that has been it.<br /><br />But let me talk about Meteora for a second. This came out at the rise and fall of the Nu Metal era (System of a Down, Disturbed, Korn, Deftones, Limp Bizkit, etc.) and it managed not only bring upon the genre's purist perfection, but also the genre's extinction, too--even for Linkin Park.<br /><br />Truly you can't expect Linkin Park to record a follow-up Nu Metal album to Meteora, because the truth is simple: it can't be outdone. Meteora is the epitome of Nu Metal, because really . . . it isn't. Already Linkin Park were abandoning ship (and wisely doing so, I might add). I think ultimately \\"Breaking the Habit\\" was their link to their later albums.<br /><br />I truly believe Meteora is one of the greatest albums of all time and terribly underrated.
B001TM1X54|5.0|My daughter got this for her 1st birthday and is now 15 months. She absolutely LOVES this book. It is a fantastic story and she can do the flaps herself and knows most of the animal noises. This will always be one of our favorites. I recommend this book to all my new mom friends!
B000E8QVWY|5.0|I ordered this for a friends birthday and kept my fingers crossed that I would receive it in time for the party.  Well, of course, I did. The move arrived before the scheduled time and my friend was really happy with it.  Would absolutely order from this vendor again!!!!
B002KECK1G|1.0|I was very disappointed.  To begin with this DVD stuck 4 times and I had only gone into it 15 mins.  This version is so old fashioned and boring and it looked like something someone made on a budget in an empty warehouse.  It was VERY cheaply made.  They only had about 15 people (if that) acting in the whole movie but I have to admit we didn't watch it after the first 15 minutes.  We were so disappointed.  I made a big mistake buying this copy.   I know what the story is about cause I saw this movie years ago that's why I told my husband it was a MUST SEE for everyone but I must have seen a remade American version cause, even though it was still black and white, it actually had a lot of actors in it making up the group of people they had to live and work with as if an army of brainwashed people.    If you ever want to see 1984 don't buy this version.
1442346949|5.0|I do not write many reviews (Shame on me.) But I enjoyed this book so much. I think Walter Isaacson is one of the best for a project like this. I feel like nothing was left out and there was nothing put in I did not want to read. Isaacson said there he put things in that Jobs would not want to read, but he was not hard on Jobs. He made the worst of Jobs shine actually. The worst of Jobs is what defined him to seek greatness. We all know Jobs could be an A**Hole. But it came mostly from passion. And I think we are all happier for it. Job's Black/White outlook on things was almost comical when reading. He would stomp his feet and make the ideas he did not like sound stupid and he would not stop arguing with you until you saw it his way or just gave up. Either was good for him, because he always felt right. And he was most of the time, and the biggest oen to be wrong on, was his health and I though this part of the book was the best written part. Every time Steve was quoted,  I channeled in his voice and it just made me smile. I was left feeling more connected to Steve than before reading. And that is what I looked for. - This was a \\"Job\\" well done.
B0060V1WJ6|1.0|I was so excited to see this movie becuase I'm a huge Steve Carell fan, but it was awful. Full of characters who behave badly and unrealistically. I never felt that the story had any direction. Such a let-down.
0439023521|5.0|This book pulled me in immediately and kept me reading like a mad woman. I highly recommend it to anyone that likes YA and adventure or post-apocalyptic stories. Suzanne Collins writing style is simple yet riveting. I give it two big thumbs up!
B004EBZX6W|5.0|This is a fantastic App. I was able to optimise my wireless network in just a few minutes. There are plenty of features here. Nice little gem.
B00005JLR8|5.0|I absolutely love this movie. Djimon Hounsou's performance is both convincing and strong in this   movie. It's an absolute must have if you are a fan of his work!
B0054N73EY|5.0|I'm With You shows the Red Hot Chili Peppers are still in the game of making great music. Like some of the best ones out there, this album will grow on you after listening to it about four times. The first five songs are a strong beginning and among some of the Pepper's best tunes ever. Tracks one and three are in my opinion the best of this album. \\"The Adventures of Rain Dance Maggie\\" is a great classic RHCP anchor song right in the middle of the disc. Unfortunately, the album loses me for the remaining tracks 8-14, except for the cool track \\"Even You Brutus?\\" It's not that any of those remaining songs are terrible, they're just not up to the RHCP standard for a lifelong fan. Their worst songs are still better than the junk new bands are putting out.<br /><br />Without lead guitarist John Frusciante, the Peppers bring the rhythm section forward with this new album. Chad and Flea show off some of their best work and are center stage. Anthony shows he is without a doubt a strong front man, even without Frusciante's harmonies. New guitarist Josh Klinghoffer recaptures some of RHCP's early funk and it seems he'll grow into the new position. This is all not to say Frusciante's lead isn't missed. Without John, a scaled back indie sounding RHCP is missing the big stadium rock, fire, and loudness that Californication, By the Way, and Stadium Arcadium have. Change is good though. My prediction: we'll have another one or two good albums from RHCP with the current line up, and then in about five years John Frusciante will rejoin his brothers and Josh will stay on as rhythm guitarist for the Pepper's best work yet. It's going to be insane and I can't wait. It's nice to see a great band still evolving before our eyes.
B004UXUX7S|5.0|Based on the trailers, you would expect this film is mostly a comedy.  After all, it takes place in Hawaii and it stars George Clooney who we see in the trailer running with a funny gate and determined but weird look on his face.  Yes, this scene is in the movie but this isn't a comedy.  It's about a death...and life.<br /><br />Matt (Clooney) is a wealthy attorney but his real nest egg rests with some large acreage than he and a bevy of cousins have inherited from their families that have roots with a native Hawaiian princess.  The land is pristine and undeveloped.  Although jointly owned, Matt is the sole trustee therefore can decide on what happens with the land.  A plan is in place to sell the land to developers which would provide each of the owners a huge fortune.<br /><br />This really isn't the main story however, important as it is to the outcome.  Matt's wife is in a non-reversible coma and on life support after a boating accident. She will soon die.  They have 2 daughters, one 17 and another 11.  He's never been overly involved in their upbringing as this was the mother's role.  To complicate matters, Matt finds out that his wife had other outside interests besides boating.<br /><br />Alexander Payne (\\"Sideways\\") doesn't make a lot of movies but they always resonate.  This one is no exception.  He and his co-writers have put together a strong drama that is never heavy-handed or depressing.  This takes a deft hand at the helm and Payne provides it along with a stellar performance by Clooney and a cast of newcomers (Shailene Woodley and Amara Miller as the daughters) and veterans (Beau Bridges, Judy Greer, Robert Forster and Matthew Lillard).<br /><br />Blu ray update:  I still love the story and the way director Alexander Payne manages to get great performances from virtually every person on the set.  From surfing legend Laird Hamilton to George Clooney in what must be considered the finest of his career.  One thing the Blu ray allows you to do is study the actors in a closer more personal way as they inhabit their characters.  Clooney's character Matt King runs the gamete of emotions as he tries to deal with multiple catastrophes including the loss of his wife.<br />The other standout performance is by Shailene Woodley as Matt's oldest daughter Alex.  She goes from a wild partying 17 year old to a mature take charge older sister.  The younger sister Scottie is played by Amara Miller and frankly I didn't pay much attention to her the first time I saw the film.  I was so absorbed with everything else.  But watch this young actress steal scenes and add a bit of needed humor at the appropriate moment.<br /><br />Even small roles are played for all they're worth.  Robert Forster is the dickish father-in-law of Matt.  But Matt gives him an opportunity to grieve in his own way.  Watch the tender scene in the hospital as Forster's character says goodbye to his daughter.  Check out Judy Greer as the aggrieved spouse of her husband's infidelity.  The husband played by Matthew Lillard is likewise remarkable.  Far removed from Scooby-Doo. Beau Bridges has a couple brief scenes as Matt's cousin, but he takes full advantage.  Finally, you have to give it up for Patricia Hastie in an unappreciated and probably agonizing role as the comatose Elizabeth.  \\"The Descendants\\" is one of the finest films from 2011.<br /><br />The Blu ray shows a perfectly presented video in 1080p.  The colorful Hawaiian landscape shows up well with sharp focused detail.  It has a very film-like quality which is appropriate.  The aspect ratio is 2.40:1.  The audio is DTS-HD MA 5.1 and while not spectacular it is not distracting either.  This is a dialog centered film and it is clear and centered.  The guitar and ukulele plays in many scenes and they sound great.  Well done.e actors in a closer more personal way as they inhabit their characters.  Clooney's character Matt King runs the gamete of emotions as he tries to deal with multiple catastrophes including the loss of his wife.<br />The other standout performance is by Shailene Woodley as Matt's oldest daughter Alex.  She goes from a wild partying 17 year old to a mature take charge older sister.  The younger sister Scottie is played by Amara Miller and frankly I didn't pay much attention to her the first time I saw the film.  I was so absorbed with everything else.  But watch this young actress steal scenes and add a bit of needed humor at the appropriate moment.<br /><br />Even small roles are played for all they're worth.  Robert Forster is the dickish father-in-law of Matt.  But Matt gives him an opportunity to grieve in his own way.  Watch the tender scene in the hospital as Forster's character says goodbye to his daughter.  Check out Judy Greer as the aggrieved spouse of her husband's infidelity.  The husband played by Matthew Lillard is likewise remarkable.  Far removed from Scooby-Doo. Beau Bridges has a couple brief scenes as Matt's cousin, but he takes full advantage.  Finally, you have to give it up for Patricia Hastie in an unappreciated and probably agonizing role as the comatose Elizabeth.  \\"The Descendants\\" is one of the finest films from 2011.<br /><br />The Blu ray shows a perfectly presented video in 1080p.  The colorful Hawaiian landscape shows up well with sharp focused detail.  It has a very film-like quality which is appropriate.  The aspect ratio is 2.40:1.  The audio is DTS-HD MA 5.1 and while not spectacular it is not distracting either.  This is a dialog centered film and it is clear and centered.  The guitar and ukulele plays in many scenes and they sound great.  Well done.
085786078X|5.0|As he does with his famous online videos, Tofield perfectly captures the idiosyncrasies only cat lovers know and appreciate.  If you've ever brought a new kitten into a home with an older cat, you'll recognize nearly every page of Kitten Chaos.  Lots of laughs in this one! Great gift idea for someone who needs a little levity.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|A warning to anyone thinking about buying this movie. The copy protections prevent the Bluray disk from working in all Bluray players. What a scam!
B005N0C0I2|4.0|As a diehard Oasis fan, it was very disappointing to see them split up. However, the Gallagher brothers are both some of the most polarizing and iconic personas in rock music. And seeing (and hearing) what each of them would come up with after the end of Oasis was very intriguing. With Liam's new band Beady Eye, I was pleasantly surprised with the result. It's a solid effort with decent songs. With Noel's first solo effort, expectations were reasonably higher. After all, he was the main songwriter and driving creative force behind Oasis. Of course I wasn't expecting another \\"What's the Story (Morning Glory)\\" or \\"Definitely Maybe\\", but I was expecting this material to be on par with most Oasis records, especially since a number of these songs were written by Noel years ago, so perhaps they would still retain that Oasis \\"feel\\" to them. I would have to say that after numerous listens, I think this album does in fact hold its own if you're comparing to previous Oasis albums, specifically \\"Dig Out Your Soul\\" and \\" Don't Believe the Truth\\". A few of these songs have similarities to tunes from those two albums. Here's a track by track review of the album:<br /><br />\\"Everybody's On the Run\\" - Right from the start, here is probably the best song on the album. I first heard this song as a bootleg when Noel was playing a simple acoustic version during sound checks I believe. It was great then, and the album version is amazing as well. Such a great and uplifting track. Absolutely love the melody, the lyrics and Noel's voice is amazing and powerful here. The strings are a great touch as well.<br /><br />\\"Dream On\\" -  This a decent tune, though for me, not the strongest in the bunch. it's a bit whimsical and the lyrics are a bit silly. I do like Noel's voice in the chorus however. With the constant mid-temp beat and featuring a horn section, it feels a bit like something that could have been on \\"Don't Believe the Truth\\".<br /><br />\\"If I Had a Gun...\\"-  Noel played this one at sound checks as well, so I had heard this one before as a bootleg. This is a really good song, though for some reason I don't love it as much as I should. A great piece of  powerful songwriting by Noel, especially lyrically.<br /><br />\\"The Death of You and Me\\" - The lead single from the album, this one reminds me of \\"The Importance of Being Idle\\", especially the rhythm and guitar work. There's also some horns on this one. Another strong track and very catchy.<br /><br />\\"I Wanna Live in a Dream (In My Record Machine)\\" - Probably a top 3 song on the album. Again, this song has been around for a while, and the finished version here is great. Strings and a choir are added to this one and it sounds great. Brilliant tune.<br /><br />\\"AKA..What a Life!\\" - Might be my second favorite song from the record. Probably the most upbeat tune here and definitely the most \\"pop-ish\\", yet its excellent. I love the production here. Listen to this on a decent sound system, and the drums really come to life and seem to drive the song. The piano and guitar work is great too, which vaguely reminds of something from \\"Dig Out Your Soul\\". Its definitely a highlight of the album.<br /><br /> \\"Solider Boys and Jesus Freaks\\" - This is another tune that I haven't gotten too terribly excited about. It's a decent enough song, and it kinda has a \\"Don't Believe the Truth\\" sound to it. This features a horn section and a constant rhythm that drives the beat throughout the song. Again, not a bad tune, but nothing that really stands out too much to me.<br /><br />\\"AKA...Broken Arrow\\" - I've warmed up to this one a bit more as I've listened to it more often. Like a lot of these songs, I really like the rhythm of the song (sounds like bongos mixed there as well). The melody is good, and Noel's voice is great here too, especially with the chorus.<br /><br />\\"(Stranded On) The Wrong Beach\\" - Another one that's grown on me a bit more. Once again, love the bass line and the guitar. To me, this one also soundslike it could have been on \\"Dig Out Your Soul\\".  This is one however, that I can really imagine Liam singing and giving it a bit more edge to it.<br /><br />\\"Stop the Clocks\\"- Probably the oldest song on here. I believe Noel said he wrote this around 2001. There are several different versions of this song out there, and as far as song structure goes, its stayed pretty much the same as the version that I have. Without a doubt, this is a great song musically, lyrically, vocally; it`s the complete package. Another great addition was the backing choir here. It's a slower tempo song until the last minute or so, and it really kicks into a full rock song complete with a cool guitar solo. A great way to close the album, and another modern day classic from Noel.<br /><br />\\"Let the Lord Shine a Light on Me\\"/ \\"The Good Rebel\\"- Though for some reason, it doesn't list these two tracks on here, these are 2 B-sides that are on the deluxe version of the album. As most Oasis fans have learned, some of Noel's best work have been B-sides, and these are no exceptions. \\"Let the Lord Shine on Me\\" is a brilliant tune and should have been on the standard version of the record. An uplifting and almost gospel sound to it, complete with back-up singers and a \\"voice\\" solo if you will, it's an amazing song. \\"The Good Rebel\\" is a great track as well. The rhythm of the song is very good, and another superb vocal from Noel. Again, this should have been on the standard album as well.<br /><br />*And though its not featured on this version, the song called \\"A Simple Game of Genius\\", which I believe is on the digital download and Japanese editions, is a must have for fans. I honestly think it's the best song I've heard from Noel in years. Absolutely amazing track. *<br /><br />Overall, this is a really good album, and there's not many negative things I can say about it. However, there are some things perhaps missing from it. One being are guitar solos and the more \\"rock'n'roll\\" tunes. For me personally, it doesn't bother me as long as the songs are good. But for Oasis fans that are looking for a \\"Champagne Supernova\\" type solo, or a \\"Rock'n'Roll Star\\" kinda track, there simply aren't many, if any, moments like that here. With that being said, if one really wants to compare this with Oasis material, this is a more melancholy and softer album, and it doesn't have that edge or attitude that I'm sure Liam could have provided to some tracks, though again, most of the songs aren't written in that style anyway, and are more suitable for Noel's voice obviously. If one wants to get picky, then yes, the album is too short with the standard edition only having 10 tracks. And every B-side I've heard so far is definitely worthy to be on the album. Another question is bound to come up is whether this is better than Beady Eye's \\"Different Gear, Still Speeding\\". Clearly, these albums go in different directions, though they both have an Oasis feel to them. With Beady Eye you get the more straight-forward rock'n'roll album, and Noel's album is the more polished. But if having to compare the two on which I personally enjoy the most, Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds beats Beady Eye by a decent margin. But I suppose that's a different discussion for a different day.y imagine Liam singing and giving it a bit more edge to it.   \\"Stop the Clocks\\"- Probably the oldest song on here. I believe Noel said he wrote this around 2001. There are several different versions of this song out there, and as far as song structure goes, its stayed pretty much the same as the version that I have. Without a doubt, this is a great song musically, lyrically, vocally; it`s the complete package. Another great addition was the backing choir here. It's a slower tempo song until the last minute or so, and it really kicks into a full rock song complete with a cool guitar solo. A great way to close the album, and another modern day classic from Noel.  \\"Let the Lord Shine a Light on Me\\"/ \\"The Good Rebel\\"- Though for some reason, it doesn't list these two tracks on here, these are 2 B-sides that are on the deluxe version of the album. As most Oasis fans have learned, some of Noel's best work have been B-sides, and these are no exceptions. \\"Let the Lord Shine on Me\\" is a brilliant tune and should have been on the standard version of the record. An uplifting and almost gospel sound to it, complete with back-up singers and a \\"voice\\" solo if you will, it's an amazing song. \\"The Good Rebel\\" is a great track as well. The rhythm of the song is very good, and another superb vocal from Noel. Again, this should have been on the standard album as well.   *And though its not featured on this version, the song called \\"A Simple Game of Genius\\", which I believe is on the digital download and Japanese editions, is a must have for fans. I honestly think it's the best song I've heard from Noel in years. Absolutely amazing track. *  Overall, this is a really good album, and there's not many negative things I can say about it. However, there are some things perhaps missing from it. One being are guitar solos and the more \\"rock'n'roll\\" tunes. For me personally, it doesn't bother me as long as the songs are good. But for Oasis fans that are looking for a \\"Champagne Supernova\\" type solo, or a \\"Rock'n'Roll Star\\" kinda track, there simply aren't many, if any, moments like that here. With that being said, if one really wants to compare this with Oasis material, this is a more melancholy and softer album, and it doesn't have that edge or attitude that I'm sure Liam could have provided to some tracks, though again, most of the songs aren't written in that style anyway, and are more suitable for Noel's voice obviously. If one wants to get picky, then yes, the album is too short with the standard edition only having 10 tracks. And every B-side I've heard so far is definitely worthy to be on the album. Another question is bound to come up is whether this is better than Beady Eye's \\"Different Gear, Still Speeding\\". Clearly, these albums go in different directions, though they both have an Oasis feel to them. With Beady Eye you get the more straight-forward rock'n'roll album, and Noel's album is the more polished. But if having to compare the two on which I personally enjoy the most, Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds beats Beady Eye by a decent margin. But I suppose that's a different discussion for a different day.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|For the money you cant go wrong. this bag holds my Canon t2i with my Canon 100-400 zoom lens attached with hood on.   Exactly what i was looking for . Many other slots for extra lenses and extras. I love it !
B005TQAI6G|1.0|OK....so let me start by saying that I am a die hard Britney fan and have seen her 12 times live on various tours.  I did not get to see the Femme Fatale Tour so I was very excited to see the DVD.    The only positive thing I can say about this concert is that Nicki Minaj comes out and does her thing on \\"Till the World Ends.\\"  Everything else about this concert dvd was terrible.  The filming was static and very cheap looking (I think there were about 3 cameras total)....and the editing was just awful (it looks like they spliced together some raw footage and called it a day).  It looks like they filmed a dress rehearsal of the show because the audience in silenced in the audio mix and Britney's live vocals (because she did sing live for a good portion of this tour) were dubbed over making it look like very sloppy lip syncing.    There is no backstage footage and nothing leading up to the concert besides a lame video.  This should go in the books for a guide on how to mess up a concert dvd.    I wish she would have released the Circus Tour instead.
1451627289|5.0|I am down to my last 20% of this wonderful, wonderful book. I wish it was 2000 pages. I never want it to end. Mr. King you outdid yourself this time. A great story. Any SK fan or not a fan should buy this book and enjoy..forget the price, it is worth every penny. Jake, George, Sadie, Al, etc., etc,. you made my days and nights. Awesome!
1451648537|5.0|All in all, an amazing book. I am a frequent reader of books, and I absolutely loved this book. Although it was a long read, I never got bored. Personally, I loved the NEXT chapter and the Pixar stories.   I have always been familiar with Steve's overarching stories, but this book really has a chance to detail them and put them into context.   Like other reviewers--yes, there are gaps. I was a little dissatisfied with the lack of treatment about his personal life and family. Towards they end they suddenly reappear when he falls ill.   I also liked the chapter format, but at times I wish the book was even more chronological. For example, I would have liked to know the overlapping of events--that he met his wife while developing a new product, for example--but this overlapping of events was slightly lost when each chapter treated each stage of his life separately.   But in the end the book does Jobs justice. Isaacson did a great job selecting and honing in on themes throughout his stories--two major ones were the intersection between technology and the arts, and the idea of integrated end to end hardware and software vs. open licensing of technology.   I know that I will reread this in the future for inspiration and as a memento of an incredible individual.
B001UV4XIS|5.0|People coming here to leave 1-star reviews for ultraviolet aren't being fair, because the movie itself is phenomenal, and fans of the series should be pleased with the conclusion. It is full of excitement, and great scenes that gave me chills. The end scene brought tears to my eyes. Kudos to all the actors and crew who stayed on to make all of the movies. I will be watching and loving them (and the books) for years to come!
B004UUKDNA|3.0|I listened to Foster The People when they debuted on SNL about a month ago and thought they were amazing and their sound was hip cool and fun.  I decided to buy the CD, without listening to the entire album first, after seeing lots of great reviews.  Big Mistake.  It's another Cd that will go down in my pile of one or two hit wonder albums that is fine and good, but after the first two songs, it didn't interest me much.  Perhaps they are one of those bands that just sound better LIVE.  A lesson learned for me to remember to listen to all the songs on a cd before purchasing it.  A mistake I won't make again.
B002SR3T10|5.0|This is another rock band who has been able to pull off a Christmas package and retain their classic sound. My favorite is probably the Ian Anderson composition 'Ring Solstice Bells', but the entire disc is a wonderful mix of original and traditional (I can't recall hearing a more sprightly version of 'God Rest ye Merry Gentlemen') with Anderson's Flute leading the way.
B003ELKNOK|5.0|Disc was in perfect condition. All the extras were inside as well. Arrived before I expected to see it. Definately would buy from them again. Thank you.
0300169787|5.0|I was so impressed with the quality of the images from the exhibition and enjoyed the quotes from Lee Alexander McQueen. The quality of the paper and ink was awesome! A must buy for anyone who loves McQueen!!!
0385535139|4.0|Most John Grisham novels are serious. Corporate greed leads to poisoned water. The criminal justice system overlooks real innocence. But every once in a while, we get a glimpse of Grisham the humorist. [[ASIN:0385535139 The Litigators]] is the funniest of his 23 novels.<br /><br />Finley & Figg is a two-bit law firm on the wrong side of the tracks. They would advertise on billboards and television, except that they cannot afford it. Quick divorces and DUIs are the bread and butter. By sheer luck, the firm ends up with a bright associate named David--Harvard Law grad and former corporate attorney at one of the largest firms in the world. Finley, Figg, and David embark on a mammoth suit against Krayoxx, a cholesterol drug, in hopes of a quick settlement and historic payday. It is David versus Goliath, and every reader will quickly realize Finley & Figg doesn't stand a chance.<br /><br />The cast of characters is a step above most mass market fiction. Rochelle the secretary; a disgruntled client of Finley, runs the office. There are the desperately obese and comically greedy who latch on to the suit following promises of riches when Finley & Figg take on David's old megafirm in court.<br /><br />The novel's opening says it all: \\"The law 'rm of Finley & Figg referred to itself as a \\"boutique 'rm.\\" This misnomer was inserted as often as possible into routine conversations, and it even appeared in print in some of the various schemes hatched by the partners to solicit business. When used properly, it implied that Finley & Figg was something above your average two-bit operation. Boutique, as in small, gifted, and expert in one specialized area. Boutique, as in pretty cool and chic, right down to the Frenchness of the word itself. Boutique, as in thoroughly happy to be small, selective, and prosperous.<br /><br />Except for its size, it was none of these things. Finley & Figg's scam was hustling injury cases, a daily grind that required little skill or creativity and would never be considered cool or sexy. Pro'ts were as elusive as status. The 'rm was small because it couldn't afford to grow. It was selective only because no one wanted to work there, including the two men who owned it. Even its location suggested a monotonous life out in the bush leagues. With a Vietnamese massage parlor to its left and a lawn mower repair shop to its right, it was clear at a casual glance that Finley & Figg was not prospering. There was another boutique 'rm directly across the street--hated rivals--and more lawyers around the corner.\\"<br /><br />This is the only Grisham novel where I laughed out loud nearly every chapter. [[ASIN:0385535139 The Litigators]] is recommended for all readers.s were as elusive as status. The 'rm was small because it couldn't afford to grow. It was selective only because no one wanted to work there, including the two men who owned it. Even its location suggested a monotonous life out in the bush leagues. With a Vietnamese massage parlor to its left and a lawn mower repair shop to its right, it was clear at a casual glance that Finley & Figg was not prospering. There was another boutique 'rm directly across the street--hated rivals--and more lawyers around the corner.\\"  This is the only Grisham novel where I laughed out loud nearly every chapter. [[ASIN:0385535139 The Litigators]] is recommended for all readers.
B005HSG3TC|1.0|I purchased this item with the hope that it would stand up to the good reviews.  It didn't.  I am returning it.
B003Y5H5C4|2.0|I love the cast but the movie is just plainly boring. Disappointed from directors of Zombieland. Just save your time and don't watch it.
B004A8ZWWO|3.0|At one point during this movie I looked over at my husband and said, \\"Wake me up when this gets interesting.\\" He said he was thinking the same thing, and we nearly left, but we hung on for just a few minutes more in hopes that this would deliver the barrel of laughs we'd been anticipating. It never quite did, but it did finally get entertaining enough to make us want to see how it ended.  In a movie take off of the Bernie Madoff story, Ben Stiller plays Josh Kovacs, the manager of the Tower, an elite residence for the insufferably rich. He heads an all star cast consisting of Casey Afleck, Matthew Broderick, Alan Alda, Judd Hirsch, Ta Leoni, and Michael Pea with Eddie Murphy playing Stiller's childhood friend who has become a thief and who takes on the task of teaching Stiller and his Tower employees how to rob the Tower.  It is the cast who saves this movie-- Murphy is a hoot and Matthew Broderick, especially, does a terrific job. It does have some amusing scenes, particularly when the actual robbery finally occurs, but overall, I expected it to be much better. If you are hoping to laugh all the way through the movie, you are better off seeing Due Date or The Other Guys, but if you want to take a little nap before the action starts, this is the movie for you.
B000R8YC18|5.0|Muy buena pelicula, la recomiendo, buenas actuaciones, y el 2do CD tambien tiene subtitulos en espanol, me gusto mucho, saludos
B004Z4LVZK|4.0|This book is very intrigging. I hate to put it down. Am hoping the next 2 books are just as good.
B003Y5H54W|4.0|ok movie and was very surprised to see who the werewolf was you to will be shocked and i am not going to give it away but you will like after you see to
B00004T9VY|5.0|I was introduced to this album back in the late 80's and had been hanging on a old cassette till now. How nice to have it on Cd now. Every song is still just as good as the first time I listened to it.
B0000AYL17|5.0|i purchased this SACD because i'm a big collector of them and i am a hugh steely dan fan too.  it was pricey but since they don't make SACD's anymore it wasn't too bad.  i got it and put it in my SACD player and the sound that came out of my multichannel sound system was nothing short of incredible.  this is one of the best, if not the best multichannel SACD's i've ever heard, EVER!  i do highly recommend it to anyone who is a fan of SACD and of course to anyone who is a steely dan fan and has a SACD cable player, which they sell here on amazon!
0316098329|5.0|I believe this is the first time I have ever read a story written in the persective of a very young child. Its amazing how as children we view our life as normal- until proven otherwise. How something so among something so horrific love can build a wonderful relationship between a mother and child. A Must read!!!
B005JU5JTI|1.0|1st off, Cameron Diaz was grossly miscast in this role. There were probably dozens of actresses who could have played this role better (how does she keep getting job after job after job?? She's an AWFUL actress - at best).  Now i like funny and sexy as much as anyone. But these \\"jokes\\" were just downright crude and not even a little bit funny. This makes the Seth Rogen-type comedies look like Gone With the Wind.   Although all the roles were bad, Justin Timberlake did the best job in his, rising slightly above the rest of the pig slop, proving he was actually too good to lend his name to this trash.  Its lucky to get a one-star rating here, as you can't dish out zero stars. Avoid at all costs.
B004HEXSLI|5.0|Very interesting read. Both the prespective on CVA (stroke) and the relationship between right and left brain. If one is questing to be the best you can be, thia adds a tool to the chest.
B003PGNBNY|5.0|I love ordering from Amazon. So easy to use. I got my purchase fast. I enjoyed the movoe. I will use Amazon again.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I am very pleased. I really only keep text notes with it so far, but it does everything I need and synchronization between devices is awesome!
B0058VW36U|5.0|Our whole family loves helping Omnom get his candy.  This adorable little monster just wants you to understand when you need to cut the rope so he can have his treat.  Cleverly designed, works perfectly on my Kindle Fire, nice options to try to improve your score.  A favorite!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This app is great for having the Word anywhere anytime. Great for live events to know what is going on in your area. Lots of other features too many to list. Enjoy this app. Many versions to choose from I love it.
B0058VW36U|5.0|this game is sooo fun if you like games that have levels this is the game for you it's totally worth the download.
B0000DBJDM|5.0|The movie opens in darkness, we hear a slow melodic pulse, faint breathing. The darkness lasts until it segue into \\"Echoes,\\" bookending the movie. Being that this was filmed in October of 1971, the film is as vivid as though it were shot recently. I only wish Yes' Yesongs was of this quality. The film is punctuated by brief interviews with band members, and these snippets cut back and forth from color to black and white. These interviews give us a feel for the personality of the band members in a relaxed atmosphere.    There are also scenes of Pompeii including murals, statues, and flowing lava; the eerie music seems a backdrop,  darkly commenting upon the horrors of what happened in Pompeii. A subtle comment upon our own mortality. We are shown Pink Floyd in the amphitheater, and then in a recording studio. Often, the film fluctuates in this manner. \\"Saucerful of Secrets,\\" seems to glide from cacophony, chaos, and then evolves into the more melodic, less avant-garde. I can see why Floyd is referred to as \\"space music.\\" \\"Set Your Controls for the Heart of the Sun,\\" nebulous, haunting, dreamy, throbs a slow rhythm that characterizes so much of their music. Like most people of my generation, the first Floyd album I bought was \\"Dark Side of the Moon.\\" I am not familiar with all their albums, so this is for me an introduction to some of their early songs as well.  I enjoyed both \\"The Director's Cut,\\" and the original. Although I am not a professional film critic, nor a professional photographer, I do feel that this film was very well done. Highly enjoyable.
B005I6EVUG|4.0|It's a beautiful cover as I said but the are minuses.  It doesn't close all the way when you put the Kindle Fire in place.  The fit it very tight, which hopefully means the elastic bands will hold out and not drop my brand new Kindle Fire.  As someone else stated because of the material used to make the cover it does stand on it's own in portrait and landscape, which is great because I didn't expect it to.<br /><br />I think the cover is very classy and I like that one reviewer painted it with gold paint to make the names of the places inscribed on it stand out.  The magnet that some reviewers have talked about are apart of the packaging not the cover it's self.  The insert in the pocket has a magnet inside of it under the \\"light it up! with Lightwedge\\" advertisement and then there is another magnet in the Verso packaging that sits in place of where your Kindle will go.  The two magnets make the cover close all the way, once you remove the packing there is no magnet apart of the cover itself, therefore there's nothing to pull the cover close.<br /><br />I hope the cover does stretch out a little overtime so it will close on it's own but I have no intention of returning it because I do love it.  Yes, it's overpriced! I mean really costing 20% of the cost of the Kindle Fire it's suppose to hold is just ridiculous. But from what I've seen and read the rest of the covers out there are overpriced, cheap to the touch and cheap looking.  So I'll be sticking with this one.
B005CRQ2IU|1.0|I'm a huge Amazon fan and consumer but I have to say I'm extremely disappointed in their decision to make Watchmen only available on Kindle Fire. I thought Amazons entire business model was to sell services to consumers around the world. The fact that I can't enjoy Watchmen on my tablet because I don't have a Kindle Fire goes against this.  I hope Amazon realize this and change this decision soon.
B003RD5WRI|5.0|This movie is simply beautiful.  I saw it for the first time as a girl in France and have loved it ever since.  I've bought it in VHS(!), DVD and now, finally, Blu-ray with the original soundtrack.<br /><br />There are a few people writing about one soundtrack versus another and I've not looked into the one that was put in the American theater release so I have no opinion on that soundtrack.  I will say the original that you'll get with this one is amazing.  I still have my original cassette tape of the soundtrack that I'd bought and I have nothing but great things to say about the included soundtrack<br /><br />I will mention that I wish I'd read (before I bought it) about the much less expensive option of buying from amazon's UK site to get this though!  Ouch!  That was the only [and very] painful part of this and I am still giving this a 5!
B004SVM7BW|2.0|I have the app goodreader on my iphone and its awesome. I touch a letter it highlights it and I can edit the Pdf. This app is no where as User friendly. To do a strikeout one has to go through two menus and that's if you can actually get the item to highlight--most of the time it takes over 3 attempts. There isnt a settings menu to do useful things like lock the screen so it doesn't hibernate or make any useful changes. It is frustrating to say the least. I can only hope that they read these reviews and improve their app.'
B000V5ZIBU|4.0|A long, deep (sometimes slow) pilot, but probably a necessary primer to cross-over in to absolutely the very best-written, engaging, and creative Star Trek series of all.  It only gets better from here.
B0064J6OMO|3.0|I like crude humor, and I feel Ryan Renolds does it best. We all know of all the changing bodies movies and what is going to happen. But, this one was pretty good. I had a few good laughs. It wasn't the best but, it wasn't the worst. But it was good enough for a lazy Saturday night.
1439196834|5.0|When I purchased the playbook I didn't know what to expect. However I knew it would be fun.  Now that I've finishid it I'm gld I purchased it. It's like when you read it you imagine a whole episode of Barney.  So I encourage you to purchase this item.
B000006FNX|3.0|Excellent enemy in this film, and Connery although being 53 in this film pulls it off. It's something to see a 53 year old Bond with a 30 year old Basinger, but it the movie works, and well worth watching in its totality. Basically, a fun movie and easy to follow.
1612680003|5.0|This was an eye opening book. Excellent read. I have my young adult children reading it and will be giving out copies to family and close friends as Christmas gifts.
0545091020|4.0|It is pretty good , only lacking in actual adult language , malice, and very conservative sexually as opposed to the reality of teenagers and sex given the amount of teen pregnancy in this country; and given this is the post apocalypse without birth control, it would be a seemingly a bigger issue. It's a new take on the post-apocalypse, and reconstruction thereafter. The first book is good as a stand-alone read ,But when made into a trilogy the plot takes a nose-dive and the writing kind of craps out .
B0060V1WJ6|2.0|So Steve Carrell is in this movie. Julianne Moore is in this movie. And some other actors are in this movie. I thought it would be a nice romantic comedy to watch with my wife. Maybe I should have read a little more about the premise.  I'll admit, we only watched about half of the movie before we turned it off. I'm sure the movie ended fine with everyone finding a stable relationship, but up to the point I watched, I didn't like the message. And that message was that it's cool and all right to be a player.  Let's not mention the disturbing crush the babysitter has on Steve Carrell's character and the disturbing position the babysitter finds the son of Steve Carrell's character. Both deal with minor children and it made me uncomfortable.  Overall, I didn't care for any of it. Yes, I'm a prude, and if you are too, avoid this movie.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|As a fan of the books I was blown away with each movie. I mean some left out details and such, but when you have a collective group of people who are trying to make the best movie possible, you can overlook those missing details. The cast has improved with each film and the effects have become spectacular. Watching these books come to life has been an honor and a privilege. I have seen many movies that have come from books, but I have never seen them portrayed as real and as true to the book as these movies. With the exception of 'To Kill a Mockingbird'. These films are fantastic and I would recommend them to anyone. Regardless if you've read the books, you will enjoy these movies and hopefully come to love them as I do.
B002MW50KO|1.0|If SNL did a parody of a Bob Dylan Christmas album, this would be it. We can't listen without cringing. And laughing. My 7 year old heard it and said, \\"This man is a terrible singer\\". We put on some other Bob cd's to correct the misperception.
B00000K3D4|2.0|This movie was difficult to sit through. The acting is poor, the special effects are dated (it is, after all, an old film), the plot is rambling and even Bowie in his relative youth can't save it. Also, the music is bad-- who would have thought this could be the case with Bowie doing the soundtrack?-- but it's boring. I'm sure that when it was released, it was the cat's meow, but watching it today is difficult, at best. I bought it because so many people rated it so highly, but the joke is on me. I would recommend saving your money and watching something else. There are a whole lot of better alternatives out there now.
B004GYY714|5.0|After tying more than a few apps like this one i came to the conclusion that this one is by far the best of them all. all radio stations line up nicely, by category, location, genre. with the pro version you can even record your own stream, you just got to love that. try the free version first and see for yourself, you will love this application just as much as many of us have.
B001UV4XIS|1.0|Sounds like the \\"UltraViolet\\" is a system for tracking customer habits.   \\"UltraViolet\\" will eventually be dropped from the descriptions . Causing the public to think they have changed the movie industry.   Amazon will benefit if they STOP providing this kind of presentation.  I for one will not purchase from companies (the movie industry) that need to control me.    I enjoy watching movies on my big screen TV.  No, I do not have netflix. I never will.    Movies will soon become a thing of the past, for me.  Movie studios will no longer get my cash.  And my cash IS what they want.    Hey! Movie Industry -  You want my money, Provide me with the format I want, and I will continue to spend my cash on your product.    Can you say \\"Who Are The Brain Police\\"? \\"I knew you could.\\"
B0052UZIFA|5.0|This thing plays amazing on my Samsung Admire. All of you who are complaining need to get a new phone.
B005DMNS4A|3.0|The Quadrophrenia tour was notoriously problematic, but on a fabled night at the Spectrum in Philly, the Who were absolute magic.  Parts of the show were broadcast on King Biscuit, and this has been bootlegged repeatedly for years.  Legendary concert, and priceless rendition of Townsend's autobiography.
B004VMUS9G|2.0|The amazon app store on my phone is messed up now too trying to always reinstall this waste of processing cycles.
B005V4FJC4|4.0|This is a delightful Christmas recording, done with a light touch that gives it a simple warmth so needed with all the heavy handed XMAS stuff thrown at us.  I bought it on a whim and I can tell it will be a favorite, especially since I don't have anything quite like it in my quirky Christmas collection.  I can't give it a five star since a couple of the tracks missed the mark.  However the rest were spot on!
1906735875|4.0|Forget the Stallone flick from the 90s (and possibly even the upcoming new take starring Karl Urban, I've got a bad feeling about it...), this is the one and only Judge Dredd.  One of the most important comic book characters ever, this first collected edition of early Dredd tales is essential reading.  In a lawless mega-metropolis of a future, there aren't any cops, there's Judges.  The toughest and most take-no-prisoners of them all is Joseph Dredd, who never removes his helmet and takes his job uber-seriously.  As previously mentioned by another reviewer, these early Judge Dredd stories that appeared in the British comic magazine 2000 A.D. were a satirical take on typical American Hollywood action hero conventions, but were also surprisingly fun, entertaining, and occasionally endearing.  This first collection of the Case Files doesn't feature the best of Judge Dredd per se', but it sets the stage for the adventures of a legendary comic book character, and one of the most revered antiheroes in comic book history as well.  If all you know of Judge Dredd is that excuse of an adaptation starring Sylvester Stallone, pick up these collections to get the real effect of who Judge Dredd really is.  You won't regret it.
1451648537|1.0|I traveled to China last week and given that I spent almost 24 hours in the travel (return trip from Singapore) it gave me a lot of time to read the book I had been anticipating reading forever now: since it first got announced more than a year ago. The book was finally finished -- I didn't know that was the reason to hold it back -- only after the tragical disappearance of one of the most influential mind of two if not three generations, Steve Jobs.<br /><br />The book is about 600 pages, was blessed by Steve Jobs who agreed to open his memory and his address book and ask everybody in it to contribute. So I dare to say that my expectations were extremely high given the opportunity to write about a secretive genius who had so much ups and downs in his life.<br /><br />Just a reminder, Apple, was in 2001 [the stock price plunged 75% in late 2000 to about $7] on the verge of bankruptcy and was as uncool as possible among the young generation. But just 10 years later, in 2011, Apple is the most valuable company on the planet, has sold hundreds of millions of Macs, iPhones, iPods, and dozen millions of iPads. Let's not forget about the many billions of music, movies and TV shows sold on the iTunes Store and the many billions of iOS Apps sold as well.<br /><br />All this, in only 10 years.<br /><br />Well, unfortunately, it seems like Isaacson is completely ignorant of anything technology, and makes many trivial errors showing this lack of understanding. Wouldn't you expect the author to have at least a bit of understanding of technology in order to be able to convey the message of someone who changed forever the way we interact with technology? Maybe this is the main reason for the book to be missing the whole point by such a high margin.<br /><br />Instead of focusing on how someone with such a creative mind and laser beam focus as Steve Jobs managed to change the world, and telling the story from this perspective, Isaacson seems to have decided to show us all how Steve Jobs was a half-mad and half-evil person who happened to be lucky enough to get back to Apple and create products which, although were supposed to be complete failures, managed to break through and be a bit hit anyway.<br /><br />The largest focus of the book is on showing how mean he could be to his employees, family and friends and how big a failure he was: he was a failure at Apple, he was a failure at Pixar, he was a failure at NeXT, but he got lucky in every turn of event. How and why? We don't know, because Isaacson himself doesn't understand what he is writing about, and so there are no real analysis or explanations. Just unrelated facts, turned in a way to show only negative aspects.<br /><br />The author completely fails to explain anything good Jobs did, and what they were. Given that the author believes Steve Jobs was just a madman, he doesn't bother trying to find the answer to the following questions:<br /><br />Why was the Macintosh such a revolution and such a game changer?<br />How did he manage to build the Macintosh in the first place?<br />What was he doing at Pixar? He was the CEO, but according to Isaacson, Jobs was just making everybody waste their time. We do not know what he was doing during the many years he was running the company<br />What was he doing at NeXT? Why was NeXT such a great platform that Apple decided to buy it? Oh and that platform also happen to be at the heart of Mac OS X and iOS. The author seems to believe that NeXT did not have any value, and that Steve was just a good salesman and managed to outsell Gasse and his Be OS.<br />Why were dozens of thousands of \\"Apple fans\\" cheering Steve Jobs on his keynote return? He was away from the spotlights for so long and became so irrelevant. Yet, crowds were cheering him up when he returned. The author fails to explain any of that, yet writes about Steve as he had failed everything before coming back to Apple. Which obviously couldn't be more wrong.<br /><br />Oh, and by the way, when Steve Jobs refused to let Flash go on the iOS stating it was sucking all the processing power and battery and was too poor for mobile devices, it wasn't just because he was holding a 15 year grudge against Adobe. It turned out that Adobe decided to stop the development of mobile Flash after failing for 4 years to produce anything that would be even \\"good enough\\" for the mobile world.<br /><br />Finally, while Isaacson spends half of the book explaining that Steve Jobs has psychological disorders and the other half explaining all the issues he had with his family life, he completely fails to even give the point of view of either his wife, or his children. He also fails to give Steve's point of view, while he had access to all of these people.<br /><br />Considering the extremely high esteem I have for Steve Jobs, and how influential he has been in my life, I had very high expectations for this book. Unfortunately, stealing of Steve's quotes Isaacson repeats the most in the book, I find this book to be just \\"a piece of _hit\\".<br /><br />I'm sorry Isaacson. You know what a perfectionist Steve was, and the fact that you dared publishing such a poorly written, poorly structured and poorly organized book is plainly an insult to the memory of Steve Jobs, who decided to put much of his legacy in your hands.<br /><br />I am sure he wouldn't have allowed such a poor book to ever be published, even though he had promised not to interfere with your work, which words he actually kept.<br /><br />And the same way as he wouldn't have settled for a mediocre product, I cannot convince myself to put a positive review of your half baked book.<br /><br />[Update: it looks like Isaacson is considering updating the book, and the changes seem to show that he realizes he missed the point. See quote below]<br />The author discussed potential plans for expanding the already 630-page book in the future. One possibility is doing an extensively annotated version. Another is writing an addendum that addresses the period surrounding Jobs' death. Fleshing out the details seems like a logical next step, since Isaacson believes the Apple (AAPL) CEO's story will be told for decades or a century to come. \\"This is the first or second draft,\\" he said, referring to his book's role in documenting Jobs' life. \\"It's not the final draft.\\"<br /><br />-> I agree: it's just a draft, and unfortunately, should never have been published as such.
B005NPLXJ4|1.0|Despite all the negativity surrounding Metallica over the years (most of it deserved), I remained a huge fan throughout my youth.  There's no denying the impact the band has had on the metal genre, bringing it to mainstream audiences like no band ever could before, and in all honesty, no band has really been able to do since.  Acts over the years like Korn, Disturbed, and countless others have achieved great deals of mainstream success, but didn't have either the staying power, or the mix of raw talent and songwriting ability that Metallica had all throughout the 1980s to the late 90s.  Now, here we are.  The most legendary metal band other than Black Sabbath uniting with legendary singer/songwriter Lou Reed to bring us \\"Lulu\\"; a collaboration of two distinctly different acts that could either be a smashing success or a complete and utter train wreck.  Well folks, \\"Lulu\\" is possibly the biggest train wreck of music I think I've ever heard.  With the Metallica boys in the background and Lou on vocals, \\"Lulu\\" is an unimaginitive mess.  Every single track on this album sounds so disjointed and just plain ugly that you'll be plugging your ears from the get-go.  I'm not exaggerating here or kidding either, \\"Lulu\\" is just plain horrible.  The real tragedy about this is two legendary acts combining to make this.  It wasn't a match that made sense to begin with, which is kind of what made me look so forward to it in the first place: it was something different.  Well, it is something different alright, it's just plain garbage.  It's a shame too, \\"Lulu\\" could have been something that at least warranted a listen for fans of either, or any, music genre.  Instead, this is what we're left with: a gaping black hole on the careers and discography of Metallica and Lou Reed alike.  Avoid.
B00005QGAV|5.0|Can't believe dangerous is 20 years old 11-26-1991.<br />One of my favorite michael jackson albums.<br />So many great songs like black or white , jam , in the closet , heal the world , who is it and many others.
B005LZW8FO|2.0|The far-fetchedness of this story belies the notion that nothing should really surprise us in our age of near magical technology and discovery.  In a mundane world of sadness and tragedy, what would happen if another version of our earth suddenly appeared?  This attempt at a psychological sci-fi tale inverts the known with the unknown and teases with all the possibilities therein.<br /><br />I wish there were much more joy and mystery in this unusual film of hope amidst the ordinary.  But this is still definitely worth a look.  In my opinion, some of the deleted scenes would've helped finesse the story about this young woman dealing with the pain of causing a tragic accident.<br /><br />It's too much of the world we know and not enough of the other.
B0043RSE2M|5.0|I love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love love this! Mostly because it's my most favoritist favorite movie IN THE WORLD!!!!! Once again, love love love love love love love love love love love love LOVE it!!!!!!! :D
B004EPZ0BQ|3.0|Not to be confused with NO STRINGS ATTACHED, a superficially similar but vast inferior film, this sexy, feel good movie again plays with the notion that good friends having sex can lead to complications and - love.  This is a movie of the moment set in the real world we all know and share.  When the movies steps aside from boy-meets-girl clich&eacute;s, it deals with real human feelings, fears and emotions -- just slightly over- the-top (hey, it's a movie!).  Justin Timberlake and the immensely photogenic Mila Kunis find the right notes for this flirtatious and perhaps cautionary tale that reminds us that what we think we want is not always what we really need.  There was a change in tone with Richard Jenkin's alzheimer character and Woody Harrelson's annoyingly intrusive gay guy.  Both characters felt forced.  Not just to be politically correct but to make the movie seem even more au current and a tad manipulative.
0345529057|5.0|This book series is absolutely amazing. I have not enjoyed reading a fantasy series this much since Lord of the Rings.  If you're looking for the kind of books that keep you reading until the last possible minute when you got to head to bed for work in the morning, these are the books for you
B001V7UXG2|4.0|Before he was Dr. House he was Bertie Wooster and he was fantastic. Hugh Laurie and Stephen Fry play their parts of the bumbling aristocrat and his valet to perfection.  I've only read parts of the P.G. Wodehouse and this series makes me wants to read all the books.  I'm afraid to though, because I fear that when I read the books I'll only see Fry & Laurie playing the parts in my head.<br /><br />Anglophiles and fans of Brit-coms, comedies, the Jazz Age will surely be delighted! Highly recommended.
0316044695|5.0|My dad gave me this book to read after he finished it.  With him retiring a Lt. Col in the USMC, I always had the utmost respect for those in the armed forces.  This book gave me a new level of respect and admiration.  I was amazed at what the human body can overcome.  What the author and his team went through had me wiping away tears.  Thank you for what you do.  This is one of the best books I've ever read.  I'm on here now to buy a few to pass out for Christmas gifts.
B00000AFDW|4.0|Dont the \\"fans\\" steer you wrong this IS a good album so what Ace and Peter are gone news flash Peter was not on Dynasty or Unmasked even they said he was and Ace was not on Creatures even tho hes on the cover as well. Does it really matter who played what? or is just the songs that matter? most of the people that claim this album sucks are those that can not get past the fact that Ace and Peter are gone and Tommy and Eric Singer are now wearing the Spaceman and Catman makeup these people are also known as bitter EX-fans that still like to pretend its 1977. Now with that said how can you listen to songs like   Psycho Circus   Within   Dreamin'  Raise Your Glass's   And not enjoy it? Sure its not what KISS claimed it will be but did Ace really play on all five songs on Alive II? did he really play on Creatures? did Peter really play on Unmasked and Dynasty (Minus the one song) KISS claimed that those albums where what they said at the time of release and in 1998 they DID pick up there they left off in 1979 with the session players and saying that its Ace and Peter so really they didn't \\"mislead\\" the fans they kept there word. Call me a sheep if you want but I listen to the music and in the long run thats all that matters. You dont see the band when you put in the CD (Or play them on your Ipod/itunes so does it really matter? there are more important things in life than 60+ year old men and who is where their makeup and costumes. Just listen to the CD and judge it on the music and not the \\"Ace & Pete are gone and someone else is wearing there makeup\\" and \\"Ace & Pete are not on it\\"  I took one star away for that awful \\"I Fianlly Found My Way\\" that and \\"Nothing Can Keep Me From You\\" run neck and neck for the worst KISS songs ever
B005IZLPKQ|5.0|watched the summer blockbuster & as a comic--book fan it was on point as of THOR & the X-Men 1st Class each ending is a on-going story to the next movie tie-end starting with IRONMan, i can not wait for the AVENGERS to be in the Movies......GREAT to watch & have.
B006ANJ4BW|5.0|As a youth in the 60's, I cut my teeth on Howard's Conan, loving the pure barbaric truth of his nature.  I had a thirst for Howard's work, and I drank it in with the gusto of Conan drinking wine. I truly could not get enough.  That being said, there is nothing Conan that would not at least hold my interest.  This movie cannot be compared to the prior issues. Arnold, Sandahl, Mako, Pro Surfer Jerry Lopez, and James Earl Jones, were wonderful. In 1982, it was more than I could ask for. The second movie and Red Sonia were disappointing to me, but I still have watched them many times.  In 2001, I was ready for new high adventure with Conan, and that was given to me. Those who adversely criticize this movie do not truly love the genre, and perhaps I do not truly care for what their opinions are, such is my affection for Howard's work.  Chad Stahelski, the sword master of this movie, did a great job, and Momoa has given credence to that.  Rachel Nichols beauty was subdued, in my opinion, to make her more believable as a tough warrior woman.  Momoa was perfect in a way Arnold was not, rangy and perhaps more truly barbaric, though Arnold fit the Howard character with his massive build.  For those who did not like this movie, its fast pace, and great actors, I leave you with my favorite Howard quote.  \\"Civilized men are more discourteous than savages because they know they can be impolite without having their skulls split, as a general thing.\\"  Robert E. Howard  Cal
B00000IPAX|5.0|This album is really awesome and its the first blink 182 album i bought. Heres how i rate each of the songs.  1. Dumpweed - Used to be my Favorite song 9/10  2. Don't leave me - Really excellent song. 9/10  3. Aliens Exist - Another really great song. 9/10  4. Going away to college - Good song but not the best. 8/10  5. What's my age again - good but overplayed 6/10  6. Dysentery gary - Good song with funny lyrics. 8/10  7. Adam's song - Great song, but depressing 8/10  8. All the small things - Overplayed but i still love it. 7/10  9. The Party song - One of my favorites 10/10  10. Mutt - Great song 9/10  11. Wendy clear - Absolutely my favorite song on the album. This song is great with meaningful lyrics 15/10  12. Anthem - Used to not like it but now i do 8/10
B00406UK7S|3.0|This was a good little movie. It was tense in places, the dialogue was good, and the acting serviceable. For me, it was too gorey, but I suppose that is a matter of taste.<br /><br />The one thing I would have liked more of was character development. Everyone is fine, but nobody is that interesting. In fact, the villain, who never speaks, was the most fascinating character. Watch it for Fassbender, though. I think he'll be a big star soon.
B005BGBPBG|5.0|This movie was GREAT!!! I LOVED it. I Guess It could be the hopeless Romantic in me, but I LOVED it... Absolutely If you watched it and didn't like it maybe you were having a bad day? IJS this movie was awesome and the Price was Right LOL (I rented it) 2 thumbs up.....I'm one that 9 times out of 10 I'm rooting for the underdog and in this movie I think both women (Rachel & Darcy) got what they both really wanted and or even Needed.... I'm glad it worked out the way it did. I better stop there I don't like spilling the tea and give away too much but yea I so liked this movie... Maybe I'll watch it again... Hey let me see what else is for rent in the same price range or even FREE &lt;--->I loves FREE (*:*)
B0033H7VI6|1.0|I was tricked into buying this knife.  Thinking 1095 was property treated by a company like schrade.  I was wrong.  It is 1095 steel, but not properly hardened.  Unless someone had a machine that wants to prove me wrong.  It is too soft.  It can only hold an edge for a few cuts.  I compare it too my Buck 420HC which Rc 58-59 and it is much soft.  If you listen the blade makes when you tap with something or scrape with it, you can hear, it is low pitched compared to a properly hardened steel.  Good steel, good shape, good shealth.  Poor hardening and tempering.  I bet it makes a good throwing knife becuase it is soft....but don't rely on it as a cutter.
B0050SYS5A|1.0|ok so i was 50/50 on ordering since some people said it worked while most said it was useless. It came in and...  It's useless.  It clipped on jsut fine, lined up perfectly but when I was setting up the sensor, the tracking was intermittent at best. It seems that the zoom seems to just darken the sensor and make it harder to pick up on hand movement.   I couldnt even get enough tracking to select the game that was in.  Be warned, if you order this you may have the same problem.  Epic fail by Nyko.
B005V20JKI|5.0|very addictive and great game when on a trip or just trying to pass time. Great game for all ages.
B00006JDVV|4.0|\\"Reign of Fire\\" (PG-13 DVD), released 2002; runs 1 hr 42 mins; has English or French audio options; with Spanish as the only subtitle choice; English for closed caption (hearing impaired); widescreen; filmed in England and Ireland; shown in 16 other countries besides the USA (each time with that country's own specific film title); this film was made on an estimated 95 million dollar budget; and stars Christian Bale, Matthew McConaughey, Izabella Scorupco, Gerard Butler, Scott Moutter, David Kennedy, Alexander Siddig, Alice Krige, and others.<br />This is basically a dragon slayer film with two strong leadership individuals governing their own camp, when those paths cross and in the ensuing saga, they discover they have to join forces.  Matthew McConaughey was a lot less effeminate in this film than he is in so many of the dopey romantic comedy chic flicks he typically syrups along in, and by contrast here in \\"Reign of Fire\\" actually (physically buffed up) he performs admirably as the military leader.<br />Somebody said this movie reminded them of Roy Ward Baker's (1958 TV series) \\"Quartermass and the Pit,\\" Larry Cohen's (1982 R-rated) \\"Q: The Winged Serpent,\\" and Tobe Hooper's (1985 R-rated) \\"Lifeforce.\\"  Of the three referred to In this list, the big name star-studded one about Quetzalcoatl (Aztec legendary beast) would be the one I'd watch first (\\"Q: The Winged Serpent\\").  If you're a strong zombies fan, then \\"Lifeforce\\" is your ticket to fun.  \\"Reign of Fire\\" is a large scale effort movie that originally was also made-for-TV like \\"Quartermass and the Pit.\\"  A few reviewers say \\"Reign of Fire\\" is B-movie status.  I'm guessing they haven't seen many B-movies.  This DVD is far above that, although not necessarily in my top ten favorites.
B001HN6922|4.0|For those unfamiliar with the Cars concept, the entire story takes place in an alternate world, devoid of humans but populated with anthropomorphic cars.  Such a concept should in itself indicate that an animated cartoon embracing it is most likely aimed at children, most notably boys, as opposed potential philosophers seeking the true meaning of their existence.  Which is why it is a bit puzzling that such a movie would be panned by critics for lacking sufficient emotional depth, particularly when it presents an interesting storyline, clever cultural and geographic allusions, imaginative effects, and action sequences that fit in well with the story.  In its prequel, Cars, star rookie racer Lightning McQueen, on his way to a career-defining race, finds himself exasperatingly stuck in an insular small town, Radiator Springs, where he comes to learn true friendship, loyalty, love, and character.  A solid theme, no doubt, but where does one go from there?  A return to Radiator Springs would have been dull and repetitive.  Instead, Cars 2 takes a completely different tone, where McQueen takes part in a series of races in locations such as Tokyo, London, and Italy, while he and his provincial but sincere Radiator-Springs-acquired best friend Mater become embroiled in an international spy caper.  The message is nothing extraordinary, but solid: good triumphs over evil, be true to your friends, and sometimes even the seemingly-stupid can be ingenious.  But at least one of those is a common theme in countless films, including the whole series of James Bond movies, which are alluded to throughout Cars 2.  One could even argue that Cars 2 is a better \\"Bond\\" movie than most of the recently released actual Bond movies.    Is the idea of a world populated by talking cars flawed?  Of course it is.  The persnickety critic could always ask the obvious, such as, who built the cars, who pumps the gas, if two cars fall in love, do they mate and produce little cars.  But to dwell on such issues would be similar to asking how alien life forms from light years away can speak perfect English, after watching a Star Trek episode, and would detract from the overall theme of the story and the cleverness of the concept, particularly when it employs some ingenious parallels between the car world and our actual human world.  Nevertheless, watching Cars 2 is an enjoyable experience for both adults and children.  Adults will marvel at cleverness of the parallels, children will love the talking cars racing around the track, and all will enjoy the interesting storyline and the characters.
B0019N94X6|5.0|guess i'm the 1st one to leave a review for the blu-ray release, so i'll make this short and to the point. whether you've seen this movie or not or even already own it on DVD let me just start off by saying BUY THIS ALREADY!! it's Al Pacino at his finest (though any role he's ever done is freakin' amazing). it's in full 1080p and best of all it has DTS-HD 7.1 (yes you read it right) 7.1 master audio. so get your home theaters ready and \\"say hello to my little friend.\\"
B000UX6THK|5.0|What an incredible show! I think it's safe to say that this show paved the way for many shows following it. Unfortunately, it got cancelled before its time, but then we'll never know if it would have to continued to be great or if it left us as it should have: wanting more. I think of \\"Lost\\" and how it started out such a terrific thriller that held our attention and fascinated us but then wound its way into the ground as if torn apart by the smoke monster. We were not left wanting more, we were left wondering how we could get the last few years of our lives back. Not so with \\"Twin Peaks.\\" It was good enough to leave us wanting more and this dvd box set gives us a little bit more. We are treated to the entire series here on dvd in great condition but without too many fancy bonus commentaries and behind-the-scenes interviews that I find take away from a show's fiction and the viewer's imagination. Maybe \\"Lost\\" would've remained more of a cool mystery if the cast wasn't featured each week on \\"Jimmy Kimmel Live.\\" There is a good interview with David Lynch + some of the cast members and I liked the addition of the SNL footage as well as the featurette about the annual \\"Twin Peaks\\"a-looza held in Washington. That's right, young \\"Twilight\\" fans, WA state was known to us as home of Twin Peaks way before it was known to you as home of Forks! This show remains a classic and if you like creepy stuff, this show will be sure to appeal to you. Watching it now is just as satisfying as back in 1990. If you prefer reality tv or simple comedic sitcoms then probably this show is not for you. It is a little on the dark side...
B0051UP5NQ|3.0|Why does it take longer for apps to get updated on the Amazon market than the Google Market?  Devs please get your app updated on Amazon!!!
B000TXZVGQ|5.0|I remember Thursday nights in the Fall of 1994- watching this great new show but being torn between it on ABC and \\"Friends\\" on NBC. I admit that \\"Friends\\" usually won out but that didn't make this show any less awesome. (This was way before TiVo...) Anyway, I was enthralled with Jordan Catalano too, just as Angela was. (Did you ever notice that they always refer to him as \\"Jordan Catalano\\" instead of just \\"Jordan?\\") I was 20 when this show aired so I was not in high school but to this day, I still like old tv shows and films set in high school. \\"My So-Called Life\\" is a classic high school period piece and just as entertaining/ addicting now as it was then. I still find myself rewinding the parts featuring Jordan Catalano. Too bad he is the only one of the cast who didn't come back for the featurette. It would have been sheer pleasure to indulge in commentary and interview with the fine actor but, like Jordan, Jared seems elusive and, well, too cool for school. It doesn't surprise me that he is not featured in the extras- in fact, it's almost in keeping with his character. I still liked hearing from the rest of the cast and crew who all comment on the show and each other.<br />I must say that when I went back and watched all the episodes again, some of the parts now seem a little corny. I think one reason the show didn't work is maybe because they put too much emphasis on the parents who seem way more horny to me now than they did back in 1994. I find myself cringing at how dorky they are and how I can't help thinking \\"oooohh GROSS!\\" whenever Angela's parents start making out. No wonder she never wanted to look them in the eye or talk to them! Rayanne's hair and wardrobe also made me start to cringe after a while. That one bleach-blonde hair strand really bothers me now and even radical Rayanne can't seem to pull off rocking the plaid flannel bathrobe to school. So some parts of the show have not escaped the corny factor. That is kind of like how high school is in real life though- we look at our old yearbook pictures and cringe.<br />I like seeing how things were in a time before cell phones and the internet became staples of our existence. It's refreshing to allow nostalgia to dictate our enjoyment of something. This show is a timeless classic and this dvd set is well put together. It features an extra dvd loaded with interviews and you get several commentaries on various episodes. Again, Jared Leto is missing from them, but did you really think Jordan Catalano would make it to the reunion?
B000H6SXMY|1.0|These discs are completely worthless! Each one skips and pauses and makes it impossible to watch. I think they may be bootlegged! Do not buy these! Save your money!! They don't even have a list of the episodes!! What a ripoff!!!!
0307946711|3.0|We reviewed this for our bookclub.  Most of our members didn't finish it because it reminded them of \\"Groundhog Day\\".  That isn't to say that it was as good as Groundhog Day.  It was more exasperating than anything else especially the ending.
B003ZSJ212|2.0|This is more-or-less my point of view regarding this latest release.  I was not interested in purchasing this set because of reviews I read, nor am I a fan of buying anything that gets re-released over and over again.  BUT, I got a copy loaned to me by a friend last week.  He likes them by the way - to each his own, and I surely will not judge him!  Anyway, I was not impressed with this version.  I really don't need to go into why, and rehash the same things that other reviews have complained about time and time again.  Suffice it to say, I have the same concerns about this version that about all of the 3 star and less customers have.<br /><br />Just info to ponder.  I purchased and watched repeatedly the original version that was released  YEARS ago on VHS - unmolested and original all the way. I still have them and though my home is now converted over to the latest greatest in home theater entertainment with high definition flat screens, surround and blu-ray players through-out, I still have a VCR set up - just for my Star Wars videos (and a few others - like \\"Smokey and the Bandit\\", \\"The Black Hole\\", \\"The Holy Grail\\" - etc.) There is something about watching the original Star Wars trilogy with all the \\"flaws\\" still intact. When these movies where re-released in a box set for the FIRST time (but still on VHS), I refused to buy them... For one, I thought \\"well, I already have them!\\" And two, I knew exactly what was going on with George's insatiable appetite for his Star Wars fan's easily taken money. To this day, I have NOT purchased any remake or re-issue of the original Star Wars trilogy - period. Do I have Star Wars ANH thru ROTJ on DVD? Yes - the 1997 re-release.  It was given to me as a Christmas gift by a friend (I did NOT pay for them, nor am I a big fan of them). I also have the prequels on DVD. But that's it! Personally, I refuse to line the pockets of George Lucas time and time again every time he decides that he needs cash for a new Hummer or wants to remodel his home in the Hamptons and (again) pulls Star Wars out of the closet, brushes off the dust, sends it down to ILM and has them add some new CGI scenes, or sound tracks or add a deleted scene or two from the 'bin-o-deleted scenes' barrel (not too many, we need to keep some back for the re-re-re-release when he decide to have his head cut off and put in a jar like they do on Futurama - I hear THAT is expensive!). Ridiculous George!!  I know, I know... They are HIS movies, and he should be allowed to do with them as he pleases.  Yes, he should.  Never-the-less, there comes a time when you realize that George is capable of doing what his fans want, yet does not.  I'm going to guess that most of us, at some point, will start to wonder; \\"Am I being taken advantage of?\\"  In my opinion, Yes!  If you're ok with that, well - you have every right to be. Some people like to see all the new \\"cool\\" stuff and can't wait for the next incarnation and will happily buy them, adding the latest version of the same movies to their stock-pile and increasing their overall investment to hundreds of dollars, again, for the same movies.  I can't do that.  If you're a true Star Wars fan, you know that George wanted his movies to be more than they were when he originally released them, but the technology to accomplish his dream just wasn't there...  But the way they turned out is what made them magical and filled us \\"original\\" fans with wonder.  What's wrong with giving that back to us in an original, untouched blu-ray release?<br /><br />Lucasfilm is on the right track by embracing blu-ray technology - a little late, but hey - It's all part of the big $$ plan - right?? Anyway, if George wants another cent of mine, here's what he's gotta do.  Take the original, unmolested theatrical version of the original trilogy AND the prequels and go down to ILM, or where-ever he goes to have the movie doctors perform their ritualistic hacking and re-hacking of these classics and say these words only: \\"Take to computer -STOP-, clean up -STOP-. Put on Blu-Ray -STOP-. Put in nice packaging -STOP-, mass produce.\\" If he'd only do that, I'd be happy to drop some coin once again for the original trilogy.  But until then, I cannot see buying another \\"upgraded\\" version.  Those of you who are still considering buying this... I'd wait!  Sooner or later, we \\"original\\" fans will get OUR version that WE remember watching in the theaters!!<br /><br />I don't own it, I won't buy it, but I DID watch it.  I don't care for this newest \\"beating of a dead horse\\" version.  When it comes to reviews, what's the difference in whether you bought it and loved it, bought it and hated it, or refused to buy it and why??  None in my opinion - they're all important.  Let's see if Amazon agrees, remains neutral and allows THIS version of my review/feedback of this product to be posted.<br /><br />As with all my reviews, the above is only my opinion of an item that I own or have tested.  Depending on the overall rating that I give it, it is possible that I may have either purchased or tested a faulty unit or an exceptionally good one.  Your experience may differ from mine, better or worse.  Paying attention to the up or down trend from several reviewers will help you make an educated decision on whether or not the item is for you.<br />Best of Luck!!ter -STOP-, clean up -STOP-. Put on Blu-Ray -STOP-. Put in nice packaging -STOP-, mass produce.\\" If he'd only do that, I'd be happy to drop some coin once again for the original trilogy.  But until then, I cannot see buying another \\"upgraded\\" version.  Those of you who are still considering buying this... I'd wait!  Sooner or later, we \\"original\\" fans will get OUR version that WE remember watching in the theaters!!  I don't own it, I won't buy it, but I DID watch it.  I don't care for this newest \\"beating of a dead horse\\" version.  When it comes to reviews, what's the difference in whether you bought it and loved it, bought it and hated it, or refused to buy it and why??  None in my opinion - they're all important.  Let's see if Amazon agrees, remains neutral and allows THIS version of my review/feedback of this product to be posted.  As with all my reviews, the above is only my opinion of an item that I own or have tested.  Depending on the overall rating that I give it, it is possible that I may have either purchased or tested a faulty unit or an exceptionally good one.  Your experience may differ from mine, better or worse.  Paying attention to the up or down trend from several reviewers will help you make an educated decision on whether or not the item is for you.  Best of Luck!!
B00511PTWM|4.0|This dual-port adapter gets the job done but is kind of annoyingly big. I've used quite a few cigarette lighter adapters in general and some of them go in and out really easily and others feel like I'm going to pull the whole panel off I have to try so hard to get them to come out. This one thankfully is the former; it goes in and out of the lighter port pretty easily. As noted in the photos above there is a kind of twisty thing that you can push down to help make it flush when it's in the lighter port...unfortunately the thing is so long that it never actually can get flush because it doesn't go down far enough. You can also push down the grey button on the side to swivel the thing up and down, which is really great. Unfortunately in my case when I have this thing plugged and it's got stuff plugged into it it sticks out so far that it actually gets in the way of my gear shift. Thankfully since the adapter head can maneuver up and down it can be moved out of the way, but really...why is this thing so big in the first place? Overall a good buy if you need an extra plugin while in your car, but be mindful of the fact that this thing is pretty huge.
B000R7HY0K|3.0|Starting with the extras which are nothing to write home about really but director Quentin Taratino gushes over his longtime editor Sally Menke. Somebody needs to tell Tarantino it's in the editing where his movies fail (and as good as Kill Bill was, it is the prime example of something in dire need of editing).<br /><br />This is the entire problem with Death Proof. Visually it looks great. The music and dialogue (although these scenes go on far too long especially the ones of the women in their cars) are first-rate. Kurt Russell channels a deliciously evil version of Snake Plisken. The \\"chicks\\" in the flick are all first-rate although I did not really get the fully clothed lap dance which was less than sizzling and seemed like just stuck in there for no reason.<br /><br />The movie seems to end after an hour then (SPOILER ALERT) we basically get the exact same movie scenario playing out again. Yes, it plays out with a different ending but what was the point of running pretty much the exact same plotline (Russell stalks women, tries to run down said women with his car, action ensues).<br /><br />Basically, Tarantino has made a stylistic B movie but a B movie nonetheless that runs about 30 minutes too long.
1416955070|5.0|When I first started reading this book I thought it was kinda slow but once I saw where it was heading it instantly grabbed my attention and I was hooked. I thought this book was better than Twilight and I still do even though Clary makes me mad as much as Bella did and Simon is like Jacob who I personally didn't like anyways. Jace is like the most arrogant guy ever but that's what makes you love him. He's the main reason why I fell in love with the book.
B000FS9FCG|3.0|I'm tired with this whole \\"it's a graphic novel\\" nonsense, when really a graphic novel is just a fancy way to say better done \\"comic book.\\" V For Vendetta has lots of great Orwellian type themes, but it still comes across as far too simplistic and dumbed down for the masses.<br /><br />First of all, if you can get past the ridiculous mask and '60s mop top Peter Tork haircut of V (and why in the scene at the pub when this V guy first appears that not a single patron makes as wisecrack about the fop in the ridiculous mask is so beyond me it's mindboggling).<br /><br />The action is definitely good. The casting is brilliant. John Hurt (hey, 1984 and all) as the Orwellian leader of Britain was perfect as was the SCTV-like telescreen he talks through. The Stephens--Fry and Rea--were inspired. Again Britain seems bereft of actresses such that yet another American must play an English heroine (Natalie Portman, come on down).<br /><br />As far as the extras, all you get is a 15-minute \\"Making Of\\" which is good but spends a little too much time trying to tell us how there are parallels in this graphic novel to the post-911 world. Sorry, but I get tired of this Conspiracy 101 drivel being spewed by anyone, and the fact this movie had virtually no impact at all on people's consciousness proves that that was a stretch (unless you now count donutheads at Occupy Whatever City wearing V for Venti masks)<br /><br />It's good fun to watch as long as you leave your brain cells at the door.
B0055V6EZE|4.0|i enjoyed this album of this versatile performer. i also gave it to my father, who's a big fan of blues and rock and roll music, and he enjoyed it a great deal as well. laurie can sure sing and play the piano in \\"american\\", as successfully as he plays one on tv! :)
B0000640VO|5.0|Director Jean-Pierre Jeunet is a master of his craft--pure and simple. His ability to make even the most mundane situations and twist and turn them into something magical is beyond fantastic.<br /><br />And if this movie doesn't want you to hop on a plane and go to Montmartre in Paris to experience this world of Amelie, then there is no hope for you.<br /><br />As far as the DVD, it's well worth it for the extras (and fret not, most of the stuff is in English). The \\"Look of Amelie\\" shows how precise and prepared the director was and the cinematographer actually steals the show with his explanation of various shots and scenes. There is more--funny outtakes, screen tests (hey, why don't more DVDs thorw those on?), a couple of Q&A's with the cast and crew as well as a nice face-to-face with Jeunet himself.<br /><br />The entire package is well worth having.
0545265355|5.0|I loved this book; it was different than the normal books I usually read and it was a nice change of pace.  I was hooked almost immediately and told all my friends to read it too, highly recommend.
B003L77G6A|5.0|If you liked Friends then you will love this show. The group dynamic in this show is hilarious and those who love science fiction will love the references made in the show.
B003ZVJFFM|5.0|When I watched this on a video streaming site, I was not sure what to expect.  Wow!  Was I pleasantly surprised!  The animation is spectacular!  The skin textures of the close-up shots!  The eyes capture the emotions of the characters - particularly in one scene when Cratchit and Scrooge are face-to-face on the stairway of Cratchit's home.  I loved the portrayal of the Grim Reaper as only a morphing shadow.  Wonderful creativity while staying true to the Dickens tale.  Carry does an excellent job not over-acting this part.  The only drawback I can see to this film is some minor cartoon-ish moments that remind you that you really *are* watching an animated film.  I will definitely get this on blue-ray to see all the detail that I missed on my first viewing.
B0053Q9DHW|5.0|I loved this movie. I've seen a lot of adaptations of the novel & this was truer to the source than most.  I especially liked that they didn't cast a 35 yr old actress as a 19 yr old governess.( That happens more than you'd think.) The actors did a really good job of retelling my favorite story.
B004LWZW7E|5.0|It is an excellent show. If you like shows like Matrix 2, you will like this.  This is going to be a slightly \\"weird\\" review. I am not going to comment on how the characters have acted or how their lives flowed in the \\"new world order\\" they were in. You can read those in other reviews or just watch this nice movie yourself to find out.   I find the show's \\"new world order\\" intriguing and will comment more on that.   GENERAL CONTEXT  The show portrayed a \\"new world order\\" where people are genetically engineered to stop aging once they reached 25 years. From there you must earn every seconds or year of your living and the entire economy is transacted using time as cash. The world was split into different zones.   Those who are rich with time (i.e. \\"cash\\") are in the same zone, while those who are poor were grouped in the ghetto zone. Those in the ghetto zone were the labourers producing things and living from day-to-day, if not seconds-to-seconds. Once you have run out of time, you died.   As time became the transactional medium, those without enough time would never get to enjoy the fruits of the labour they have produced. Its most likely beyond their reach as the fruits were too expensive (sounds familiar?). In any case, the labourers died as they have ran out of time.   You see in this show, the price of basic necessities kept inflating and hence more and more time were used to pay the bills, while the time wages (esp in the ghetto) either remained static or were reduced.   The show had a mantle: \\"For a few to remain immortal, many must die. So in this case, it triggered one to think, \\"For few to live well, others must die\\" due to the scarcity of resources.   THOUGHTS ON PLOT  Granted that Immortality is what everyone craves for. As stated above, the show took on the genetically engineered future where Immortality was achieved.   From there the prescient plot mashed well on the \\"new world order\\" of immortality that functioned in the instinctive Darwinism of humanswhere it kept quoting \\"Survival of the fittest\\" (In my view, it's the \\"Survival of the smartest\\"), and alongside the competitive nature of Capitalism in us, under an environment with scarce resources.   It tackled well how were people going to die, given that the limited world resources cannot support an immortal world where the population could expand infinitely (without death).  With the introduction of time as a transactional currency, and inflation lurking to \\"kill of the poorer population\\" by inflating them to run out of time, it resulted in a working capitalism system which naturally climaxed on the loop-sided case where the winners took all (the time) and achieved the rights to immortality.   From this, it gave Death a positive spin and showed a meaning in the greater cycle of things. Through death, one was able to make way for others (with changes coming about) and through death, one can better treasured one's time on earth to accomplish something. To quote from the show \\"Why do it now, when you can do it a hundred years later\\".  Every systems functioning in the name of Capitalism probably needed a reset when the winners were too well established, for the purest and rawest form of capitalism to return. That was where the revolution (and our hero) came in with the \\"fight club\\" moment to overthrow/reset the Order.  To wrap up, I now touch on abit on other aspects of the show. The 2 lead characters of the show. Justin Timberlake and Amanda Seyfried have chemistry as a couple. Both looked and acted well, as do the rest of the cast. And truly, kudos to Justin for taking on this project. If only the marketing for this show had been better, it may reach the status of zen-like show like Matrix.  If I may say, it's a sci-fi cult. I don't normally give 5 stars because I believe there's always much rooms for improvement. But for this show, in terms of how the refreshing plot and the characters comes about, I think a full 5 stars.  Can't wait to buy the DVD and see theextras in it.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  MINI SPOILER   This scene somehow stood out. Will Salas's (Justin Timeberlake) mum Rachael Salas (played by Olivia Wilde) was having her 50th birthday. But as Will cannot even afford the time go eat a decent breakfast, his mum transferred 30 minutes to have his breakfast.  Later in the evening she went to the bank to pay 2 days time worth of loan. She was planning to take a bus from the bank to meet Will for a birthday dinner after the loan payment. But she only had 1.5 hours of time left in her life, while the bus ride inflated from 1 hour to 2 hour.   She couldn't afford the ride and could only run to the dinning place. When Will (flushed with time at that point) didn't meet her at the stipulated time, he ran towards the bank's direction to find her. Will's mum life expired in a matter of seconds before Will could reach her and transfer time to extend her life. She died in his arm.   It stuck in my mind that in stark contrast, the 30 minutes that Will's mum gave him in the morning may have ultimately cost her life in the cut-throat inflationary environment they were in.
B000W078SK|5.0|Let's not tell him that Reader's Digest Condensed Books are just that.  Since our marriage, 3 years ago, he has read aproximately 35 RDCB's.  And he cannot object to the prices I pay since I usually buy used.  The best bargin in town!
B001YIJOI6|5.0|Chords and molodies of Vienna Teng.  Voices and sentiments of Regina Spektor.  French touch in the instrumentation.  Clean, crisp, effortlessly sophisticated and thoroughly engaging.  Is there such a thing as Parisian contemporary folk? Happy and uplifting even when the songs are in monor key.
B00005AQE8|5.0|Don't listen to haters, Tupac was the greatest rapper who ever lived and for all those Biggie fans, you can't post a review about Biggie on a Tupac product. You can't compare Pac and Biggie. You can't.
B005UBNL0A|4.0|I've just assembled a new gaming rig with this CPU and as an AMD addict for years (decades actually), it's the first time I am not blown away by one of their new processors. I do now understand the mixed reviews the FX has gotten since its release. Now don't go thinking this is a bad CPU. It's not. It's just not what I expected it to be I guess.  First of all, the FX 4100 is a really \\"open\\" CPU, it lets you toy around with a lot of its features and options thanks to the fact that it's unlocked. People who are a little more than just computer literate will love this, cause it enables you to tune your processor the way you want it and explore its limits. AMD has done a very good job on this side and provides the tools to do just about anything you want. If you own a good motherboard (and you should with such a processor) as I do (Gigabyte 970A-UD3), you can really unleash some of the hidden potential of the FX.  The other interesting thing about the FX is that it's a semi-intelligent CPU if you will. It adjusts itself to use more or less power to execute certain tasks. Or so it should. The problem is, it doesn't seem that the software really understands that. Sometimes, you will get very good results performance-wise and then another task will just behave so poorly that it'll make you regret your old Athlon or Phenom. Another issue is that certain games for example, do not want to run at all with an FX installed. Red Faction: Armageddon is one such game. This is quite sad and honestly, it feels like the FX was just released a bit too soon, with lots of promises to wipe out the bugs at a later point in time.  Overall, the FX is not bad at all, just not ready to hit the market, as too many developers still code their applications and games to use a single core, whereas AMD encourages buyers to go for up to 8 cores where their CPUs excel in performance.  I do like the FX for what it is, namely a true step forward in CPU evolution, but at present times, if you are a gamerfor example, you might want to stick to the Phenom family for a while until the software evolves with the hardware.  UPDATE: Gigabyte just released a new BIOS update which includes the new AMD AGESA instructions set and it fixes, well, pretty much all the issues with game compatibility and gives a nice little performance boost. Thumbs up for AMD on this one for this quick fix.
B003L77TZI|1.0|Katy Perry is so ovverratd & this album sucks ,  i dont know why they play her music alot shes so untalented .  Perry needs to go away for a while 
1451648537|5.0|Maybe you have to be my age to have experienced the full evolution of the personal computer.  Apple started it all.  I had no idea that Jobs was so obsessed.  He didn't invent any of the stuff, he understood the implications of what's available and how it should be moulded into changing so many people's lives. That was his genius.  Buy this book and read it if you're a baby boomer.  It will be personal to you. Buy this book if you're young and you want to know what it takes to achieve greatness.  This is the best written bibliography I have ever read.
B004K4AVAG|5.0|i bought this album about 4 times ,  Born this Way is my bible and i love it so much   i listen to it everyday .  my top 5 ;  -Goverment Hooker  -Judas  -Schiebe  -Bloody Mary  -Heavy Metal Lover  Buy the New Single  Marry the Night 
B005QBKXOQ|4.0|I have been a fan since the start.  I loved their debut, but felt that \\"Leave this town\\" was a much better album than their self-titled debut.  This album certainly feels like a few steps back.  Where \\"Leave this town\\" did not have a single skippable track, this one has several.  \\"Leave this town\\" also had around 6+ excellent bonus tracks, all of which would have been better than several of the songs on \\"Break the spell\\".    Now, for the album.    Renegade - 8/10 - A great, hard, opening track with a very catchy chorus.    Crawling back to you - 7.5/10 - One of Daughtry's weaker power ballads, which makes it a surprise that it was chosen as the first single.  The verse's are the strong suit for this song, as the chorus is not particularly catchy.   Outta my head - 8/10 - I was initially VERY turned off by this very different sound for Daughtry, but since giving the song a chance, I have really warmed up to it.  Very catchy with a funky groove.  Very different for Daughtry on this one.    Start of something good - 10/10 - This is easily the best Country tinted Rock Ballad yet from Daughtry(This one is similar to \\"Home\\" than \\"Tennessee Line\\").  The Chorus is extremely catchy, this song is just perfect in every single way.  This needs to be their next single.    Crazy - 10/10 - If only every song on the album was this good.  Catchy is an understatement.  These are the kinds of songs that Daughtry is the master of.  Break the Spell - 8.5 - A great song.  Great, Catchy chorus.    We're not gonna fall - 6/10 - The first true misstep of this album.  Power ballads used to be Daughtry's specialty.  This song is nothing special lyrically, and is not catchy in the least.    Gone too soon - 10/10 - Beautiful song that Chris wrote for a friend who was going through the grief of a miscarriage, at the same time that his twins were born.  This is very emotional song that will hit home for many people out there.   7/10 - Losing my mind - This song has a catchy chorus, but is leaningtoo far into the \\"Pop\\" genre for my taste.  I like this song, but I would not advise Daughtry to go any further into the \\"Pop\\" genre than this song right here.   Rescue me - 5.5/10 - The second true misstep of this album.  This song has a very generic sound to it, and is not catchy in the least.    Louder than ever - 9.5/10 - Love this song.  This is the perfect song to listen to while driving on the interstate, with the windows rolled down!  Catchy is an understatement.  This would be a great summer single!  Spaceship - 10/10 - Easily one of my favorites.  Beautiful song, that has a taste of Nostalgia, and an almost surreal feel to it.  Very catchy.  LOVE this song!    Bonus Tracks  Who's they - 10/10 - When a bonus track is one of the best songs on the album, it makes it even more disappointing that \\"certain\\" songs made the final cut.  This is a phenomenal song.  Very well written, with a unique setup(It is basically 2 verse's, and then a bridge).  The entire first half has a darker sound to it, though it is slower.  Then, almost to the 2 minute mark, the song hits into a bridge that is some very hard material coming from Daughtry.  This song should have made the cut, no doubt.    Maybe We're already gone - 9/10 - Another song that should have made the cut.  A great song with a very catchy chorus.  Everything but me - 7.5/10 - Not my favorite song, though I think this should have made the cut over several songs that did end up making the cut.    Lullaby - Undetermined - I cannot really give this one a definitive critique, as I have not given it enough airtime.  It is a very raw recording, unedited, acoustic ballad.  Just Chris and his guitar.    Conclusion : This album is definitely nowhere near as good as \\"Leave this town\\", and I am to be honest not sure I would rate it as high as \\"Daughtry\\", either.  While this album is a step in the wrong direction, it is still a very good album, with a few major missteps, and a few phenomenal standouts.    Standouts:    Startof something good  Crazy  Gone too soon   Spaceship   Who's They   Major Missteps:   We're not gonna fall  Rescue me   Overall, still a great album from Daughtry that I would definitely recommend to any Daughtry/Rock fan.
B005TQAI6G|1.0|i bought this yesterday , watched it the first performance of Hold It Against Me was good then the rest sucked , please save your money .  Britney Spears lipsyncs all the way and her dancing is too horrible . i reccomend Lady Gaga's Monster Ball DVD .  This DVD is an Embarrasment & it sucks !
0307279189|5.0|My answer prior to this book was an emphatic no. I am greatful for this book as it shifted my paradigm. I had given up on long distance running due to injuries and flat feet. This book has renewed my enthusiasm for running.
B005SV9X22|5.0|ive seen this about 10 times , and ive expierenced in person .  this concert is so amazing & spectular no wonder its the 4th highest grossing tour of all time   this concert dvd is a must have , you will not be dissapointed .   i love you Lady Gaga ( stefani )  - Your Little Monster ,  Jesse Corona   @Misterr_Fluffy
B005UDD1R6|5.0|Looked around for a reputable media player for the Kindle Fire and stumbled across this one.  Great app on a little machine, found all video, photo and audio files for me to decide what I wanted to do next. Tapped \\"Play\\" and it scrolled through my photos just loaded on the K-Fire.  Great App!
B001OQCV6A|5.0|My entire family enjoyed this movie.  This version of the Sherlock Holmes story is a combination mystery and action thriller.  The action and the story keeps you engrossed and on the edge of your seat.  Includes a first-class score, along with excellent sound and visual effects.
B003XE1DI8|5.0|My daughter love this crocs, the color is beautiful and as always so comfortables. You can wear them all day long, and never get tired!
B0058VW36U|5.0|Love this game.  Like all great games it has a simple premise and controls, but manages to be devilishly hard in the advanced levels.  The physics is well done, and higher levels require thought and excellent timing.
B005VA8AZQ|1.0|We got the first few episodes of this because we liked the leading actress in it (also on Friday Night Lights - which I highly recommend to adult audiences).  This series was just a little too sick for me.  I don't mind some creepiness, but there was too much in here that was just plain \\"sick\\".  We quit after 2 episodes.
B005MTHRAA|4.0|My copy repeats the scene where Medea gives Jason gifts to present to Glauce and then shows two differeent endings for Glauce. It  did not include the Tony Palmer documentary on Callas.  This seemed a bit strange since the official release for this DVD is 6 December.
1451648537|3.0|I'd always known that Steve Jobs had a tyranical management style, but I never really knew that much about this man's personal story and how he actually treated other humans whom he considered to be much less than himself.  I respect the products he created, but I cannot respect the methods he used to make them happen.  This man had terrible character flaws.  For some to idolize Steve Jobs as something other than a person who trampled on employees, co-workers and competitors to acheive his design dreams is just beyond my comprehension.  Whether Jobs disturbing behavior is due to the fact that he was adopted, or that he ate too much fruit or took one too many acid trips does not excuse the abuse he leveled on most of his personal and professional relationships.  I recommend the book, but don't be surprised if you come away as disgusted about the character of this tech icon as I did.
0143106465|5.0|If you love literature and you love needlework, this one is double the love.  The book is timeless and the needlework cover will be as well.  Enjoy
B000000OYQ|1.0|Jimmy Page is all over the guitar here, but the writing stinks.  The vocals, the engineering that's like driving nails into your ears--I'd rather hear two gerbils run up and down a Strat with a bent neck and strings about to snap.<br /><br />If you want latter day Jimmy Page, check out \\"Live At The Greek\\" with The Black Crowes as a backing band or his duos with Robert Plant.  There's a reason \\"Outrider\\" is selling for 3 1/2 bucks.
B005C8VQT4|5.0|According to some of the reviews on this board, Herbert Von Karajan is well known for his fine recordings of Richard Strauss' Orchestral works.  Until I purchased and listened to this five(5)  DGG  disc set of Strauss' complete early 20th century orchestra works (tone poems) plus the Four Last Songs splendidly sung by Anna Tomowa-Sintow, the horn and oboe concertos, the Alpine Symphony and the Intermezzo from his last opera \\"Capriccio\\" again with Anna and Dance of the seven veils from \\"Salome\\"  that are fabulously conducted by Karajan directing the magnificent sounding Berliner Philharmonic, I had never heard Von Karajan's recordings of Strauss ` orchestra works.  Having now heard this low priced recording, I am in agreement with the praise that has been heaped on these wonderful recordings.  The recordings are magnificent indeed sounding as if recently recorded .   Herbert and the Berliner certainly perform these Strauss orchestra works wonderfully with, to me, finely judged tempos and great melodic detail.  The sounds produced are breathtaking. Being a lover of Strauss' operas, I can now, with this recording, add his orchestra works to my \\"love list\\".
B0037ODTIQ|2.0|The low rating is for the Blu-Ray, single disc edition: Very grainy image on about 60% of the movie, particularly on the dark scenes.   Other than that the movie is quite enjoyable: great cast, good to great acting, very convincing setting, exciting and very well filmed battle scenes, and a solemn message (in my opinion) about the unpredictability of the outcomes of war. It is about a real historical operation (the Market Garden operation) which seemed well crafted and promising, but which proved to be a failure due to the many uncertain factors surrounding it (favorable weather conditions, low German morale, efficient radio communications, etc).      The movie is quite long but extremely enjoyable, if you can ignore those grainy scenes. I especially love that it does not present the Germans as soulless monsters, but instead it fairly portraits them as patriots doing their best to fight a lost cause in the most chivalrous and less villainous way possible. One of the most humane and balanced war movies I have ever seen. Second only to Full Metal Jacket in its effectiveness to transport the viewer into a major military conflict.  Buy it on regular DVD, unless this single Blu-Ray edition is priced below $10.   Note: There is a two disc Blu-Ray edition, but I have not read comments on its image quality (or lack of it).
B004I8WD7S|5.0|loving this find by AmazonBasics. This is an Apple Store quality product for a chinatown price! thin, adds plenty of protection, feels good, slides in and out of jeans easily.
B005FLX2WC|5.0|What more can I say, besides awesome?  Beth Hart's voice, and her mastery of it, can make you believe anything she wants.  Couple that with Joe Bonamasso's incredible guitar work, and you have a masterpiece. If you are a fan of either, you must own this work.
B005ER6SNM|1.0|This was a horrible movie.  I can't believe I even watched the whole thing.  It is tasteless and disturbing.  Who ever thought this was \\"the sickest movie ever\\" was wrong, it is the most disrespectful movie ever.  Through it in the garbage.
0385534639|5.0|\\"Stories have changed,\\" the man in the grey suit tells Widget. The treasures of fantasy, the elegance of fairy tales--no longer presented in modern literature. They are gems buried beneath ancient stones, beneath frozen ground.   Quite to the contrary, the story Morgenstern presents is intoxicating as a bottle of wine, flowing through my bloodstream with similar force. It is difficult to hold this book in my palms and not wholly believe the words entrapped within its pages. Or simply to believe these stories are any besides the quiet, black-and-white dreams that seep around the wrinkles of my pillows.   I cannot imagine this book having been more magical, more curious, more suspenseful, or more perfect.   I wait raptly for Morgenstern's next work.
B005NPLXJ4|5.0|This is a LOU REED album, peeps, not a Metallica album, so stop the hating.  Maybe if you spent more time admiring the psychotic exuberance of Reed's poetry here instead of still being so pissed at St. Anger but more generally the post-80s of everything, you'd be able to grow just like Metallica has and open up to the shiz of one of America's greatest living songwriter/poets who influenced more metal and indie/alt music than anyone in the second half of the 20th century.  In Metallica Reed has found his true metal machine, a muse able to soundtrack the destruction of the soul of a modern man in love and hate--the band can now be his own Crazy Horse.  Listening to the album one wonders how Sonic Youth might have fared instead, but the material here is even too stark for their gorgeous dissonance--only Metallica can mainline this symphony of nihilistic rage and extreme sexual insecurity.  It is the music sludged out by Metallica that is the frame here; perhaps the only improvement in a remastered version would be the removal of Hetfield's vocals which are out of place here (and occasionally ridiculous, like when he misreads the word \\"tablet\\" as \\"table\\" with predictably senseless result.)  It is Hetfield's guitar that is most essential here.  Here's to recognizing a match made in hell between the godfather and the sons, and Reed fans can be all the more exhilarated by it.
B004LKRR6U|5.0|This doll is absolutely beautiful and stunning.  Looks just like Grace Kelly!  The dress is also beautiful.  Just like in the movie!
B001GZ6QEC|3.0|Author Esther Vilar once wrote, &#34;In a country where man is exploited as unscrupulously as the USA, a movement that fights for more women's rights is reactionary, and, as long as the screaming for female equality does not stop, man will never get the idea that he is actually the victim&#34;. For Vilar, this is just a beginning. I should admit I'm a big fan of hers. It would be interesting, however, to review The Dark Knight from a feminist perspective. Women for the most part don't exist in this movie and when they do it is only as someone to be fought over or protected. It's better than not being fought over or protected (at any cost), I suppose.<br /><br />Though they are unseen objects, the characters who we see rise or fall according to their relationships with the fairer sex. The Joker is the way he is, psychotic because his wife has left him and he's become disfigured. The district attorney goes from Gotham's greatest hope to it's scariest villain when his girlfriend is killed and he's disfigured. The male-centeredness of this movie is just a kind of fantasy meant to appeal to boys and young men? It is sort of an archaic mindset...? in our real world heterosexual expression is gradually criminalized? and an effort is made to separated men from their children for all except financial attachments? We're always given the (completely self-serving [to some]) advice that your real parents are the one's you're living with. The world presented in The Dark Knight is an aberration from that, it is a fantasy like something out of the 1840's?<br /><br />The strength of this movie is in Heath Leger's portrayal of the Joker as an agent of chaos and somehow also as a super master-mind criminal. He channels a bit of the TV series Joker as well. The completely unbelievable, or at least the unlikely, is made believable and realistic. The Joker merely has to utter merely a single hint and citizens across Gotham are turned into mad-men, so scared, they're willing to do his bidding. Perhaps on some level we identify with the Joker. When Batman and the Joker are together Batman's voice turns a bit psychotic or disturbed as well, as if the two may be opposite sides of the same coin. The joker is often trying to teach Batman that there are no rules, trying to make him see reality. Movie buffs might remember the tough-kid, John Bender, from the movie 'The Breakfast Club', at a few points in the movie John Bender claims that his brutal honesty is an effort to help the other kids. As these moral dilemmas played out in Batman, I wondered if the 'moral ambiguity' on screen was not a morality play at all but a means to give the movie 'depth' or gravitas. Unfortunately, I didn't see the end of this very engrossing movie so my review is incomplete. I may have given it 4 stars (although I may have noted an objection to it's 'message' or something here also). There are very few things one can't get out of in this world. Helping to bring in the groceries from the car is one of them.<br /><br />This has been the best Batman movie I guess. I must say I liked the original series and original campy movie more than all of the Batman movies since then, I think.<br /><br />This film had one scene that was completely ridiculous. A lot of great, legendary movies do have one scene in them that's a bit far-fetched? In Steven Spielberg's, ET, it's when the young boy's bicycle begins to fly. When the Batmobile (the new one is kind of ugly I must say) when the Batmobile is chasing a Semi-truck down the freeway and the occupants of the truck are just about to launch a missile at a SWAT team truck carrying Commissioner Gordon, Batman, who can't even see inside the truck from where he is behind it, he hits a button inside the Batmobile and it leaps into the air and somehow deflects the missile at the exact moment it's fired.<br /><br />My review is intended to be offensive toward women, by the way.<br /><br />There are so few chances to be a hero these days.e level we identify with the Joker. When Batman and the Joker are together Batman's voice turns a bit psychotic or disturbed as well, as if the two may be opposite sides of the same coin. The joker is often trying to teach Batman that there are no rules, trying to make him see reality. Movie buffs might remember the tough-kid, John Bender, from the movie 'The Breakfast Club', at a few points in the movie John Bender claims that his brutal honesty is an effort to help the other kids. As these moral dilemmas played out in Batman, I wondered if the 'moral ambiguity' on screen was not a morality play at all but a means to give the movie 'depth' or gravitas. Unfortunately, I didn't see the end of this very engrossing movie so my review is incomplete. I may have given it 4 stars (although I may have noted an objection to it's 'message' or something here also). There are very few things one can't get out of in this world. Helping to bring in the groceries from the car is one of them.   This has been the best Batman movie I guess. I must say I liked the original series and original campy movie more than all of the Batman movies since then, I think.  This film had one scene that was completely ridiculous. A lot of great, legendary movies do have one scene in them that's a bit far-fetched? In Steven Spielberg's, ET, it's when the young boy's bicycle begins to fly. When the Batmobile (the new one is kind of ugly I must say) when the Batmobile is chasing a Semi-truck down the freeway and the occupants of the truck are just about to launch a missile at a SWAT team truck carrying Commissioner Gordon, Batman, who can't even see inside the truck from where he is behind it, he hits a button inside the Batmobile and it leaps into the air and somehow deflects the missile at the exact moment it's fired.  My review is intended to be offensive toward women, by the way.  There are so few chances to be a hero these days.
B0055SWM08|5.0|The app is really quite easy, for the most part. But it was definitely worth the dollar. Many because it was challenging without being frustrating, like some others are due to my arthritis. Poor motor skills don't really matter. In addition, the music is quite soothing. Not for fans of first person shooters.
B000P12LWY|5.0|You can't go wrong with this buy. You will get sucked into watching The Tudors. It's got everything you are looking for. The actors are great, drama, and romance.
7885255921|3.0|how many seasons did this really run?<br />[...]<br /><br />above is a link to the amazon instant video, that is why i think there should be 10 seasons in this 8 disk set
B005M92MJ6|5.0|First few listens I had decided I really like the record. After a few more I started to really love it. Then I saw them perform most of the record live at a show in St. Louis and I appreciate the songs that much more.   This is a record that takes a few listens to fully appreciate, but if you are a fan of Maynard's music with other groups then that should come as no surprise.   One of the things that I really love about this record is the ebb and flow from ballad to some of the harder hitting songs. There really is a bit of everything and its all well done.   Here's hoping there will be more Carina Round and Jon Theodore on the next release!
0316044695|5.0|I'm a veteran of 23 years of USN service.  I was stunned by the courage of the team, and grateful to their dedication to each other.  All deserved the Medal of Honor.  Petty Officer Luttrell deserves our deepest gratitude for chronicling the courage of his teammates.
B004EPYZT4|3.0|Remaking a movie that wasn't all that great is usually a bad idea.  The opening scene is laughable as with most of the \\"dramatic\\" moments.  Why are there sand people? Sand? Really?  The blood is over the top in some scenes, but the overall look of the movie was good.    The actor was better than Arnold too!
0385534639|4.0|Every so often a novel is published that publishers hype up so much that you think it could never possibly live up to those lofty expectations, well this is not one of those times. The Night Circus by Erin Morgenstern is not one of those books; it not only meets every expectation set but surpasses them in leaps and bounds.<br /> Spanning over decades The Night Circus weaves a tale of magic and romance that captivates readers from the very first page. It begins with a contest, a unknown wager struck by to rival magicians that pits there two young apprentices, Celia and Marco against each other in a competition that will span there lifetime. Celia and Marco weave together The Le Cirque des Rves, there stunning stage that encompasses the heart of the story and the amazing secondary characters that bring there story to life.<br /> Its hard to put into to words why I loved this novel, the characters were superbly written, the story delicately weaved , and the scenes is painted out for you to see in vivid color. I literally could not put it down, I would take it with to work in hopes that I would have a spare moment to slip back into this world to figure out the strange competition actually entails or see what dazzling bit of magic they would come up with next.<br />Magic, romance, forbidden love, mystery, foretelling, and strange circumstances all add up to one incredibly put together debut. I suggest that everyone put this on there TBR pile and get to it as soon as possible because it will not disappoint.
B005O64VH8|5.0|Honestly, I haven't listen to the entire thing yet...two or three songs to go.  This album really feels like an addition to White Stones, which is a good thing.  Very laid back, strong instrumental songs, on the edge of melancholy at time, but never depressing and always uplifting.  I am not the biggest fan of their songs with lyrics.  But, this time the group pairs up with Moya (see Clannad, Maire Brennan, Enya's older sister) for the song Dream was a stellar choice.  Mary's Lament is, so far, the one that sticks out.  Thought of it, as a throwaway song at first, until you figure out what the lyrics are.  You will NOT hear this song by your local music station that starts playing Christmas music before Halloween is over.  I do not think there has ever been a darker Christmas themed song written.    For the instrumentals, the ones that stick out thus far is Anticipation, which is very good and possibly the first time that I can think of that both Rolf and Fionnuala play the same melody at the same time.  Fionnuala's Cookie Jar is so far the only upbeat song on the album.  Have yet to listen to the Suite, but a 10 minute long Secret Garden song cannot possibly be a bad thing.  This is a great pick up if you enjoy what made the group at the beginning.  Contemplative, instrumental songs, with a few songs with lyrics for variety, though definitely worth your time as well.  I would highly recommend this to any fans of the group...obviously, but also for anyone else.  Great for in the car on the way home, as you feel the stress of the day melt away.
B0055X6TVQ|4.0|I purchased this new book in the audio version for a friend and he really likes it.  He read the \\"Pillars\\" series in hardback but says he really like the audio version of this book.
0062011847|4.0|Plot summary: Sam Vimes is going on vacation. To the countryside. And Sybil and Young Sam are, of course, coming along. But things here aren't all quiet nights and milking cows. Something is afoot: something that smells (and it isn't just Young Sam's new favorite hobby). Before Sam can shake a walking stick, he's pulled into a mystery wrapped up in a country-bred blanket.<br /><br />The good and the bad: Let me first say that Sam Vimes is perhaps my favorite character - ever - and by any author outside my own storytelling. I love Sam, adore him, identify with him, and fervently wish I knew him. But there are parts of this book where I don't even recognize him. Or Sybil, his wife, for that matter. For instance, at one point toward the beginning, Sybil makes some remarks about how Sam \\"matters\\" now, and how maids do not, and I had to take a step back. I nearly put the book away then.<br /><br />One of the things I love about these characters, this writer, and this world is Pratchett's razor-sharp insight that pierces \\"things\\" - beliefs, usually - most of us never even realize is there, much less examine. Often that means peeling back the skin of some pretty fundamental ideas, like religion, and class. And one thing Pratchett is not is an apologist for the peerage, and that's one of the things I like most about him.<br /><br />However, I read Pratchett not for insight, but for comfort. His characters are, at heart, profoundly good, and there is an underlying sweetness and redemption to all he writes. When things in the real world push me down, I hide in an alley behind a cardboard box and devour Sam Vimes.<br /><br />Despite its shortcomings, the story redeems itself, and I felt touched before the final pages, but, and while I'll keep the book, this is not a story I'll read again for a while.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I love this album!! I enjoy every song on here. I have all of her albums and I would say that I like this one the best. Keep them coming!!
B005RDF2RG|4.0|Ok, I'm behind the times, I know.  I just watched Shrek for the first time.  As an adult, I actually really liked it.  But it definitely had some language not appropriate for my little kids--and not just \\"jackass\\" \\"kiss ass\\" and the other witty statements about the donkey.  They had \\"crap,\\" a song with the repeated chorus \\"I don't give a damn,\\" and about a dozen \\"shut up's.\\"  So if you're ok with a mild amount of cursing, the movie is fine. It ranks right up there with Cars and Toy Story.  But I have no idea why they couldn't have refined just the language to make it an all-around hit for younger ears.<br /><br />The renting option here on Amazon is great.  Have had no problems with it.
B0068TJLSY|1.0|For parents and kids like us who find it offensive, this film is loaded with swearing. It hardly ever lets up. My husband and I don't recall that 2 of the words were even in use in 1979. I didn't like that 3 of the 4 helpful adults in this movie used drugs or alcohol. The special effects are great. I think the story is weak and as a sci-fi fan I would have liked more of the \\"science\\" explained and more alien involvement other than simply throwing junk straight up in the air for most of the movie.  There is very little humor although one boy has perfect timing remarking on methods of suicide. (You would have to hear him, it's not as bad as it sounds.) All the kids did a pretty good job acting as their quirky characters. But if you find bad language offensive, I'd skip this one. Our son left the room halfway through. It was a Spielberg film and I wanted so much for it to get better, but I should have followed his example.
B004EPYZTE|3.0|1. Should have use the Basil Poledouris score. It is just so good.  2. Wrong casting for Conan. Look at the comic books and previous movies, you want emotion in the face, and unfortunately he doesn't have none.
B005JU5JTI|5.0|It's a really funny movie. I am really not sure why so many people here write bad reviews. I guess these people are mainly teachers, who take their jobs way too seriously or prudes (or a combination of both).  It's a lot of fun - quite vulgar, but awesome.
B002JVWQSW|2.0|Let me start by stating: I LOVE this show, I think it's the best show on TV, and I think it deserves all the awards. There is nothing I don't love about this show.  However, I'm extremely disappointed in the quality of these DVDs. Whoever made them did an awful job, at least as I try to run them on the computer. They refuse to run in any program other than this bizarre one bundled with them which ends up freezing my computer ever few minutes. They're also extremely quiet, to the point where I can hardly hear them with my computer at max volume. The video quality in general seems low for a DVD, I feel like I'm watching a VHS or something. Not to mention the 5+ minutes of trailers that play at the beginning of the DVD.  The only reason I rated this two stars is because I can't stand to give Modern Family only one star, it's such a perfect show. But these DVDs are the worst.
B004EPYZT4|3.0|I was disappointed in this movie.  The plot was just too thin.  There is A LOT of violence and gore in this movie.  I have no problem at all with violence and gore when it augments the story, but because the plot was thing, it seemed like the violence and gore were the only point of the movie.  Just gore for gore's sake.  The acting was very good, but the actors can only do so much when the story isn't there.  This movie could have benefited from better writing and more focus on some sub-plots.  It was okay to watch, but I wouldn't recommend buying it.
B0038P59A0|2.0|This movie has nothing to do with Conan Doyle's character of Sherlock Holmes.  Despite highjacking character names and \\"The Lady in Red\\" this Holmes nothing in common with the traditional Holmes character.  Gone are Holmes' analytical strengths and deductive reasoning to be replaced with violence and movie effects.  If you want authentic Sherlock Holmes, leave this in the trash bin and check out the BBC series with Jeremy Brett, a genius who truly understood the complexity and brilliance of the Holmes character.  You will undoubtably see what a pathetic imitation this movie represents.
B0068CARXY|5.0|love this album keep it coming riri really enjoyed this album omg so fresh just what we needed rihanna navy baby!!!!!
B005QI4TP8|5.0|Like many, I struggled a bit with Ceremonials when I first got it. Initial thoughts mirrored those represented here: Where was the charming quirkiness of Lungs? Why is every track so overproduced? Why do some songs (albeit some beautiful ones) sound just a little too reminiscent of other artists (All this and Heaven Too, Lover to Lover, Breaking Down, Never Let Me Go)? After repeated listening, however, I've come to realize this is an amazing album with a surprising number of anthemic songs that will make great additions on the next FATM tour (What the Water Gave Me, No Light, No Light, Bedroom Hymns, Strangeness and Charm, Spectrum, Heartlines).   The two albums represent an incredible body of work from an exceptionally talented artist -- and the overall continuity is more apparent when played collectively in a new playlist. The \\"purists\\" might complain, but I've merged Lungs and Ceremonials using all the songs from the Deluxe versions of both albums, with the intention of creating a satisfying new flow where all the songs can realize their full potential, and where I'm not forced to \\"sacrifice\\" one album for the other.   Here is the playlist:  Dog Days Are Over, Strangeness and Charm, Swimming, Bedroom Hymns, I'm not Calling You a Liar, Landscape (UK version), Hurricane Drunk, Spectrum, Blinding, Drumming Song, No Light No Light, Between Two Lungs, Hardest of Hearts, Only if For a Night, You've Got the Love, Bird Song, What the Water Gave Me, Girl with One Eye, Seven Devils, My Boy Builds Coffins, Falling, Never Let Me Go, Rabbit Heart, Remain Nameless, All This and Heaven Too, Are You Hurting the One You Love, Hospital Beds, Leave My Body, Howl, Lover to Lover, Heavy in Your Arms, Heartlines, Kiss with a Fist, Breaking Down, Cosmic Love, Shake It Out.  Let me know what you think!
0783114893|3.0|This film is nothing your mother hasn't already told you about the danger's of hitchhiking. It's a film I guess you sould see especially nowadays, but it isn't one that's an all out blockbuster. I was disappointed that there wasn't more to the story, but the ending was classic. To me this is a film you can see once, it is far from a true classic. I will say this about the movie;  it's a learning experience for those who are careless about who they haul around in their vehicles.<br />-Kris L. CocKayne-
B000LTAY1U|4.0|Two years ago we found this item browsing through Amazon.  We liked the whole idea of the watch and placed an order for our son in law.  He uses it almost every day.    we have now given it to the next son in law.  This will be his favorite, we know from our daughter.
B000UBMSB8|5.0|I am so happy I purchased the four disc collector's edition of Blade Runner, it's a great science fiction film with a great cast; and Harrison Ford as Deckard-AWESOME. I would definitely recommend it to all science fiction lovers and those like me who love the Star Wars films will enjoy this one. I thought the effects were excellent, the opening scene draws you in , like the one in Star Wars-A New Hope does. If any of you saw the Island you will definitely like Blade Runner they are similar in a way.<br /><br />-Kris L. CocKayne-
6305882592|5.0|I was very pleased with this products quality and the promptness with which it arrived. It was is new condition and had no scratches. It plays without any problems. The price was reasonable. Thanks so much!
1401216676|4.0|After hearing so much about Batman: The Killing Joke, I had to give it a read.  I've always been more of a Marvel fan but admittedly haven't ever been an avid comic reader.  That said, this is a quick and interesting read that is very much worth the time.  However, although this novel changed the character of the Joker, those of us younger readers (I'm nineteen at the time of review) that grew up with the criminally insane Joker probably won't find this as groundbreaking as long-time readers, especially after Heath Ledger's portrayals.  The Killing Joke is definitely a great story and I'd recommend it to anyone looking to get a better understanding of the Joker or to read this to understand the influence of this story on later generations of Batman stories.
145551389X|4.0|I am a huge fan of Gaga, have been since The Fame. When she announced the release of this book I was very excited! Terry is a wonderful photographer so I knew it would be a nice collaboration. There are lovely, and raw, photos of Gaga through out. My favorites are of her in in bed and the following pages (she's in black underwear and looks outstanding). The shots are simple but oh so striking! There are cons to the book, unfortunately. I'm not a big fan of the onstage performance photos. Don't get me wrong, they are beautiful. But not really new. I was most looking forward to the behind the scenes shots (like the ones I mentioned earlier). A second (and quite problematic) con is the binding. As another review mentions, it's cracking. I just recieved my book brand new, so there's no excuse other than eh production. Luckily, none of the pages have come loose yet, but I'm afraid they will. I'm EXTREMELY OCD when it comes to my books, so if pages do become loose, it will bother me extremely. So in that regard, I'm very disappointed. But over all it's a nice book that any Gaga fan will adore to have and I recommend it!
B003ZIXO0C|1.0|CD is great, but all it has it 3 pictures while the music plays. I though it was her holiday special. Disappointed.
B0034G4ORC|1.0|I am so glad I didn't pay to watch this movie.  Not only are the characters generic and boring, the dialogue is painful, and the story so uninteresting.  The only way I got through it was to listen for cliche military movie phrases like \\"this is not a drill\\", \\"I didn't sign up for this!\\" \\"We've got company!\\" etc.  Please do not waste your time or money on this piece of theatrical crap.
1451629184|4.0|I was very interested in Jacee's experience and so surprised after going through such a terrible ordeal that she still has an upbeat and positive attitude.
030788743X|5.0|Ready Player One by Ernest Cline is an amazing novel for a generation that grew up in the age of computers, video games, and 80s entertainment.<br /><br />My husband heard an interview with the author on NPR, purchased the book, and read it immediately. He then gave it to me and I finished it in a couple days. I couldn't put it down.<br /><br />This book was a wonderful read. It made me smile and was just plain entertaining. This book is currently on the top of my FAVORITES list!
B0062A5RUA|4.0|First, there aren't many live albums, so this is refreshing.  It's also refreshingly mixed well - it's not just Slash blowing everyone else in the band out of the water.    Since Use Your Illusions and the later \\"sidekick\\" guitarists-to-come, in future Slash collaborations, there seems to have been lacking Slash's counterpoint to another guitar player (namely Izzy).  Even next to Gilby, all you'd hear is Slash (...which is not such a bad thing.  It just takes away some of the interesting features/dynamics of a composition). It's even more apparent after listening to the guitar mix on Appetite again.    This recording does a good job of bringing up the other guitarist to the front with Slash to get a nice \\"back and forth\\" dynamic.  That is, you're actually aware there's another guitarist with another style to contrast (yet, compliment) Slash.  This also reminds me of a star quarterback (Slash) being paired with a star receiver (other guitarist):  Montana-Rice, Marino-Duper-Clayton, Elway-Sharpe, etc.  It's just more exciting.  4 stars, just because Myles has no edge, in my opinion.  Sure, he's able to hit the high notes/has a pretty wide range and so can pull-off more tunes.  I understand there's a lack of unique singer talent out there today.  Also, when Axl's the standard bearer, it's difficult to accept less than him:).
B0052TDGQO|5.0|I've read most of the reviews, even the few bad ones.  As for Scott's \\"freshman\\" efforts, he is (very simply) GIFTED. He has a fantastic voice and could sing \\"Twinkle Twinkle Little Star\\" and give goose bumps to many people including me, a 62 year old classical music lover. I love opera and listening to all the great voices, and was never a lover of country music.  However, this young man is on the top of my list. He is pleasing to the ear and this album demonstrated his talent.   Go Scotty....I believe you are on your way to becoming big. I hope he doesn't let anyone influence his genre.
0754541762|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo1AB0LJY2R5V54]]THIS IS AN ESSENTIAL READ FROM LEXISNEXIS TOLLEY<br /><br />An appreciation by Phillip Taylor MBE and Elizabeth Taylor of Richmond Green Chambers<br /><br />As few people, including practitioners, really know how the UK pension system works, this book should be a revealing and enlightening read. As author Stephen Ward states, the purpose of this book is to place all the key information about pensions tax in one volume -- and in this aim, this accessible and informative work of reference amply succeeds.<br /><br />The book starts with the history of pensions tax to bring us completely up to date with changes in the system introduced by the Finance Act 2011 which Ward hopes will stand the test of time at least until next year's Finance Act 2012.  He traces the development of the UK pensions tax system throughout the twentieth century, a process which in his view, culminated in something of a `labyrinth of often contradictory rules and regulations' which as we move into 2012, may well repeat itself.<br /><br />As Ward observes, the Finance Act 2011 provides 60 pages of new legislation dealing with what has been termed `disguised remuneration'.  The aim of this book therefore, is to deal with the pension tax elements of such legislation in as clear a manner as possible.<br /><br />For the practitioner, clarity is one of the main benefits offered by this book, especially when one considers that apart from the value of one's home, the value of one's pension arrangements is typically a major asset. The book, therefore, examines the pensions tax rules which apply to contributions, the pension fund itself and the resulting benefits, together with the effects of  relevant legislation on these and other factors.<br /><br />Usefully, each of the fourteen chapters begins with an introduction before going into the detail required.  The tables of statutes, cases and statutory instruments provide avenues for further research and the no less than six appendices include HMRC guidance which further illuminates this quite often opaque subject.  In addition to lawyers and accountants, journalists too -- or anyone working with pensions -- will find this excellent guide from Tolley LexisNexis a valuable addition to their reference library.s quite often opaque subject.  In addition to lawyers and accountants, journalists too -- or anyone working with pensions -- will find this excellent guide from Tolley LexisNexis a valuable addition to their reference library.
B004FRX0MY|5.0|Brings my entire music collection to my mobile phone and Kindle Fire. Same playlists same songs all in one place. The ability for songs to automatically load to my cloud drive when I buy them is a big plus, as is the ease in which I can download the tracks back to my computer.
1907698043|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo2WBMFS2BDBU73]]COVERED BY THE REVISED REGIME<br /><br />An appreciation by Phillip Taylor MBE and Elizabeth Taylor of Richmond Green Chambers<br /><br />This new SRA Handbook is simply something you must have as a practising solicitor now the revised regime is in place.  It's a guidance book but much more covering all aspects of what we currently do within the profession in one volume.<br /><br />Do read the introduction in detail as it covers the fundamental structure in the following sections: SRA Principles; SRA Code of Conduct; Accounts; Authorisation and Practising Requirements; Client Protection; Discipline and Costs Recovery; Specialist Services; and, finally, a most useful Glossary.<br /><br />The handbook ends on a positive note when it says that the regulatory objectives can only be achieved if we (the SRA) and our regulated community (us) work together in a spirit of mutual trust for the benefit of clients and the ultimate public interest.  We feel all practitioners agree with these sentiments and we welcome this constructive new approach to regulation. Do read the two other recent Law Society Publishing books which compliment this work: `Outcome- Focused Regulation' and the new edition of the `Solicitors' Accounts Manual'.
B000EUDAWG|2.0|My son played with this rc spider for about 20 minutes the first day and 5 the next day. Then he forgot about it. I regret having bought it- he was so crazy for it when he did not have it!
B004EPYZQ2|4.0|I don't know what people are expecting from JJ Abrams and Spielberg.  This isn't meant to be a serious film.  It's an homage.  Sure, it borrows from the genre, but I couldn't necessarily tell what was going to happen next.  It's a decent film that is entertaining.
B001E75QH0|5.0|I found the DVD's to be so much better then the VHS ones.They are better to watch and still gives me a lot of entertainment.
B0002OXVDW|5.0|Exellent collection,a must for musical lovers the best stars from MGM.  I got this collection before on video, but now on dvd it's much better certainly for  the bonus parts.
B003Y3ZTGA|5.0|Awesome. I can't think of a recent album that is as good as this one as a whole. This cd is a great listen through and through. I saw Katy Perry on tour in Nashville this year and it made me an even stronger believer in her. She's a great artist and I have a feeling we will be getting more and more great music from her in the coming years.
1419702203|4.0|Coming on the 10th anniversary of his passing, \\"Living in the Material World\\" is a warm and loving recap of George Harrison's life by his widow Olivia Harrison.  There certainly have been a number of biographies on Harrison, largely done without the approval or assistance of the Harrisons or their estate.  By and large they've been an unseemly mix of hatchet jobs or fluff designed to capitalize on Harrison's fame, reclusiveness, and hesitancy to do interviews.  Harrison's delightful [[ASIN:0811859002 I, Me, Mine]] was a great glimpse into his personality and life, yet it left readers and fans wanting still more.  To an extent \\"Living in the Material World\\" answers some of those questions fans had in a somewhat oblique fashion without rolling in the mud as some biographers had.  Reading through you get a sense for unanswered questions such as why Harrison toured so rarely, why his musical output declined in frequency.  Harrison was not only a renaissance man with a variety of interests, but was profoundly contented with who he was and his place in the world.  He didn't feel a need for external validation or to define himself solely through his music any longer.  His business interests certainly took plenty of his time and yet he found new pursuits such as filmmaking that he found preferable.  New friendships outside of the music world expanded his horizons in ways he couldn't have enjoyed himself when confined solely to music.  Reading through you get a sense that Harrison was truly liberated when the Beatles broke up and that his years with them had been a time of limitation and confinement.  Set free he could make deeply personal and intimate music that would resonate with true fans and in all honesty I personally enjoyed Harrison's solo output far more than those of the other Beatles solo.  The Harrison that emerges here is a more complex, complete, and fascinating character than what has been presented in other biographies.<br /><br />Certainly some have found things to complain about, namely that it isn't a warts and all portrait of Harrison; and truly, what else would you expect here?  Others snipe about the various slights and oversights but by and large they are minor detractions.  What particularly heartened me was how much it focused on the post-Beatles era of Harrison's life.  Certainly the Beatles shaped who Harrison was and who he became, but there was so much more to Harrison than simply being a former Beatle.  If anything he became more interesting and fascinating once freed from that gilded cage and it becomes clear why Harrison didn't dwell on pointless nostalgia for it (rather unlike Sir Paul).  \\"Living in the Material World\\" is largely directed at Beatles and Harrison fans who I have no doubt will be snapping this up for themselves or as holiday gifts.  If you think about it, this is a very appropriate gift as the book clearly was borne out of love and respect; a perfect gift for a time of love and sharing.  Put on [[ASIN:B00005214X All Things Must Pass [BOXED EDITION]]] and cozy up to read a book that will give you glimpses into a life well lived, full of love and contentedness.mplain about, namely that it isn't a warts and all portrait of Harrison; and truly, what else would you expect here?  Others snipe about the various slights and oversights but by and large they are minor detractions.  What particularly heartened me was how much it focused on the post-Beatles era of Harrison's life.  Certainly the Beatles shaped who Harrison was and who he became, but there was so much more to Harrison than simply being a former Beatle.  If anything he became more interesting and fascinating once freed from that gilded cage and it becomes clear why Harrison didn't dwell on pointless nostalgia for it (rather unlike Sir Paul).  \\"Living in the Material World\\" is largely directed at Beatles and Harrison fans who I have no doubt will be snapping this up for themselves or as holiday gifts.  If you think about it, this is a very appropriate gift as the book clearly was borne out of love and respect; a perfect gift for a time of love and sharing.  Put on [[ASIN:B00005214X All Things Must Pass [BOXED EDITION]]] and cozy up to read a book that will give you glimpses into a life well lived, full of love and contentedness.
B002ZG976U|3.0|The music never caught on with me and I don't feel that they utilized their star power very well.  The story has been done before.
B000TEUSJU|5.0|This three disc edition is the one for collectors! If you love cult movies, ancient Rome, or just want to see what the fuss is all about, this is the edition to get...
B002G1YPH0|5.0|Short and to the point:  Cheap.  Very high performance.  Expandable (Two 120mm fans in push/pull = love.)  Fits basically every MB/CPU released in the past decade.  Pretty easy to install, but I suggest loading up Youtube and watching ALOT of \\"212 Hyper Plus Installation\\" videos, the diagrams that came with it are poor, at best.  A very nice AMD guide is here:  [...]  Notes:  It's large, have a big case, watch your orientation and ram slots.  120mm fans are cheap, and common - use two, it's worth it.  The thermal paste is good - the thick, grey kind that's almost like a rubber-based adhesive.  Edit, they removed the link to the 3rd party AMD installation guide, just Google \\"Hardwarecanucks Coolermaster Hyper 212 Plus AMD Installation & Clearance\\"
B005L38QK2|3.0|The controls are good, the sensitivity very good but the mouse cord is rough and wants to catch on my slide out shelf which gets very aggravating, why would they not make it smooth plastic like all others? I had to disable the buttons on the right hand side of the mouse because my fingers constantly bump and activate them, It may be good for someone with large hands, maybe that is why I have trouble with the buttons my hands are small. It looks awesome, glides nice and the buttons click smoothly and easily, it is just the location of some of the buttons and the mouse cord that make me not like this mouse.
B005UBNL0A|5.0|Pros: Cheap, overlocks hilariously well.  Cons: Low max tmp, some motherboards (AM3) don't support it out of the box, even though they're supposed to - they won't until you update their BIOS, requiring another AM3 slot CPU to do so.   Outperforms my old i7 940 - substansially in some games and applications. The price is so low while on a budget build I was able to get a rather snazzy motherboard (Asus Sabertooth 990FX). 4.6ghz on air cooling (212 Hyper Plus) with 30c idle temps.   Due to lazy software developers very few applications are properly multithreaded, so the benefits of having a extra four cores (that which are idle 90% of the time, for example on the FX 8150) is rather minimal.   Are expensive 420 core procressors the future? Absolutely - but not until software catches up, until then, save yourself some cash, get this processor instead.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|Got my Fire - got the cover a few days later.    I like this cover because:  It is light - the Fire weighs enough already  It is plastic and therefore wipeable  The screen cover is lined and will do well enough to prevent scratching  The cover makes the fire easier to hold as it is not slick  The fire snaps in securely - but it is easy enough to take out  The reading stand works fine on the dining table  I still use a sleeve for when my Fire is not in use and it fits just fine with this on.  I'm using a K2 sleeve I got on the cheap.  I sprung for the leather lighted cover for my K3 - but don't need that now!!  Love my fire - feel like I'm treating it nice with this cover.
B004KABHEY|4.0|This is a good psychological thriller, the best I've ever read in a book. It was a bit slow starting off, but I got through it. It doesn't start getting good until the climax. I give it a high star rating ONLY because of the marvelous and clever twist. The writing was mediocre and I there were time when I couldn't stand to read more of it because it was so slow and boring.
B004J4WKTW|5.0|This is a fascinating novel. I loved the premise of a bet between rival illusionists driving the plot.  The scenes describing the illusions are simply breathtaking. This is not an easy read because of the structure, but if you're looking for an unusual story, this is the one!
0553593544|5.0|I LOVED this book. It has everything I like to read in a novel - action, violence, little romance, international intrigue and espionage. This is definitely on my reread list. This is the best book in the series.
0399226907|5.0|I ordered this board book for my new grand daughter.  It is so cute and colorful. Being a board book, it isn't something that will be torn or broken.  My 4 year old grandson came over.  We read it to him.  He loved it.  He actually was saying what was on the next page.  We thought maybe he was psychic until he said his preschool teacher read it to everyone.  He even showed the book around like the teacher did.  My daughter in law remembered it from when she was little.  This was one of her all time favorites.  It's about a caterpiller eating everything until he gets big and fat and turns into a butterfly.  The colors are nice.  It's cute that pages have holes in them showing how many things the caterpiller ate on that page.
B003777QYQ|5.0|Great book. I learned a lot about writing that will help me in the future. I also enjoyed the biography part. Mr. King does not have an interesting life, but he writes his biography so creatively that he makes it seem so. I will definitely reread this book and refer to it in the future.
B005MWJ106|5.0|This is genuinely good stuff; history the way history should be presented.  There is a lot of information in this book so don't try to digest it all at one time.  Enjoy the journey over tens of thousands of years.  I sure did.
1612930425|5.0|Rich and complex characters, entertaining subplots, believable and relatable characters, but scanty romance. The pace is too slow for my liking, so I probably won't reread it. Literary fiction with romantic elements.
0140011749|4.0|I'm not embarrassed to say that I came to the Jeeves stories many years ago through the wonderful BBC television program starring Hugh Laurie and Stephen Fry.  For some reason, it took me a few decades to actually pick-up a Wodehouse book, though this one has been sitting on my shelf for a long while.  It's too bad, really, because excellent writers of humor are so rare, and Wodehouse definitely fits into the category of excellent writers of humor.<br /><br />Consider this turn of phrase (from \\"Jeeves and the Unbidden Guest\\"): \\"She fitted into my biggest arm-chair as if it had been built round her by someone who knew they were wearing arm-chairs tight about the hips that season.\\" I laughed aloud when I read this.  It's an image both telling in the story and unforgettable as I think back on it.  Wodehouse is a master of such humorous images.  And the idiosyncratic dialect spoken by Bertie as our guide through most of these tales, is a linguistic masterpiece.<br /><br />Of course, the real charm of these stories comes from the characters.  Every story is populated by a new set of colorful supporting cast of rich aunts & uncles, grasping nephews, clueless beaus and brides-to-be.  But the great constant is the semi-dynamic duo, Bertie Wooster and his manservant, Jeeves.  Bertie and his friends manage to get in scrape after scrape, but Jeeves always manages to come to the rescue (once his pique over matters of sartorial taste are mollified) with his extensive knowledge of his \\"betters\\" and their quirks of behavior.<br /><br />Of the number of collections of Jeeves stories and novels, this one has much to recommend it.  So many of the stories are first-rate.  \\"Jeeves Takes Charge\\" relates the first encounter between Wooster and Jeeves.  A number of stories take place in New York City, where Bertie gets exiled after irritating his aunt--a treat for American fans.  \\"The Rummy Affair of Old Biffy\\" stars what is certainly Bertie's most air-headed pal (and that's saying a lot), and one of my favorite endings in the Palace of Beauty at the Wembly exhibition.<br /><br />In fact, the only sour note for me is the last story in the collection, \\"Bertie Changes his Mind\\".  Not that the story doesn't have its humorous moments, but it was disconcerting to me to have Jeeves narrate the story instead of Bertie.  Jeeves works best for me as that enigma hovering at the edge of the stage, only walking in when needed to solve the problems.  Seeing him continuously in action too much of a peek behind the curtain for me.<br /><br />Still, these are fun, fun stories.  A bit repetitive, sure, but fun just the same.  Anyone who enjoys period stories that poke a bit of fun at the rich and BYTs of the post-(WWI)war period will find a lot to like here.gs in the Palace of Beauty at the Wembly exhibition.  In fact, the only sour note for me is the last story in the collection, \\"Bertie Changes his Mind\\".  Not that the story doesn't have its humorous moments, but it was disconcerting to me to have Jeeves narrate the story instead of Bertie.  Jeeves works best for me as that enigma hovering at the edge of the stage, only walking in when needed to solve the problems.  Seeing him continuously in action too much of a peek behind the curtain for me.  Still, these are fun, fun stories.  A bit repetitive, sure, but fun just the same.  Anyone who enjoys period stories that poke a bit of fun at the rich and BYTs of the post-(WWI)war period will find a lot to like here.
038572179X|5.0|Great book. A little too slow-paced, but it never-the-less kept my interest. The behavior of the characters were disturbing at some points and I had nightmares about it. The middle of the book was too graphic for my taste, but McEwan gave great descriptive detail of the war scenes. The ending of the book was sad once I learned what had happened to the characters I liked. I hated Briony in the beginning of the book, but felt sorry for her at the end. McEwan's prose is verbose, but very descriptive; sometimes there's too much description of unimportant things.
B004MPR80E|5.0|Seldom have I started reading a book on the recommendation of someone I have met once but her enthusiasm for the content piqued my interest and I bought it.  I have never enjoyed a medical history novel as much as I have this one, perhaps more so being an oncologist, but the interwoven story so beautifully written, describing the history of leukaemia and Fabers interest in finding a treatment when no one else had paid much attention to it is fascinating!  This is a must read for all haematologists and medical oncologists - apart from providing the background to how we got to where we are it makes one realise how far away from a cure for many cancers we are.  I couldn't recommend this book enough to all my colleagues and those entering the field of Internal Medicine for whom oncology remains a mystery! A can't put down masterpiece!
B004OZOTSQ|5.0|The application looks nice, but I keep getting an error message \\"The server at (address) is taking too long to respond.\\"  I haven't been successful in using this app on my Kindle Fire  ****UPDATE - IT WAS USER ERROR.**** I received help from their suppport team very quickly and resolved the.problem
B0001FYPZU|3.0|Hi,  This item didn't work in my DVD player.  However, I found customer service to be responsive and easy to work with on the return process.
B002JWD6AS|3.0|I'm town in this review, its not that the story was bad, but it was definitely for young kids not young adults like me who read ya books. I didn't like the multiple point if view between the two characters, and the author lacks character building. I read the whole book and the whole thing was just.... Stupid. The characters were not three dimensional, especially Grace. Her personality didn't fit. I'd recommend for teens who aren't into reading that often, or anyone looking for an easy read. But don't expect to get lost in this book, impossible.
B0034G4OXQ|3.0|good movie  was recommended by my daughter delightful story unusual ending thank you for asking for my opinion. I would suggest movie watchers to share.
B005PW3OS8|5.0|If you like Sci-fi/Action, this is a good one. It's well written for the most part. The ridiculous turns in the plot (one or two) are excusable because it's playfully done and a little self-ridiculing. Presentation is great. Action flows throughout. Pleasant to sit and watch.
B003U53HOS|5.0|For if such a tale could grace the wounded, there may yet be hope  for those that in love cling to fate.
B0051QIGP4|4.0|As a huge fan of Lady Gaga, i bought this album very quickly once it was released.  I was hoping that there wouldnt be strictly \\"Meaningful\\" songs, if you will, like Born This Way ( Which was a great song).  I was hoping that there would also be fun songs like what made me love Gaga in the first place.  I was pleasantly surprised!  Most artists will sing a few songs that have meaning, and a few about going to the club, poppin bottles, and getting home late.  Lady Gaga spent time and put thought into this album and was able to write songs that were exciting and upbeat, but werent based on shallow topics.  GREAT album, If your on the fence, go for it!
B004EPYZPS|3.0|Super 8 is mildly entertaining....but like most Spielberg flicks... there is a fair amount of cheese involved and it is rather predictable if you have seen his other movies.
B000002G8N|5.0|this is one of my favorite clapton albums,and I have them all plus some boots.The songs work great as a piece of work that fits together.this epitomizes what clapton wanted to become after the sixties,great musicianship without hitting you in the head with it.tom dowd production,subtlety at it`s best.I would love for clapton to try something in this vain in 2012.A real good heartfelt album by good musicians having fun.With good understated production.Which I think has been claptons biggest problem later on,being overproduced.Simon climie UGHHHH.but doyle did agood job on 2011`s clapton.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I love these cute little games. they're quirky and fun and its great having goals to meet. they're very generous with giving out points and advancing isn't too hard. the controls for a couple of games could be improved (which is why I kept my rating at 4 stars) but other than that this is one addicting app to own!
B0063IH60K|4.0|Absolutely love this app. I tried many others available for the Fire, but this one is far and away the best. Looks great, runs smooth.
B0053YGYO4|5.0|Great CD! I really enjoy listening to it, and it's definitely a CD you can listen through and not skip tracks. I think it's better than their last album, and it grows on you each time you listen to it. Very pleased.
B005NJ2K6U|5.0|It sucked me in early and then I realized how subtle and complex it is. Awesome puzzle game!  Highly recommended.
B000003TA4|5.0|The album that started up the alternative and grunge rock craze of the 90's. Also one of the best albums of all time. I am going to do a song by song review. Here we go  Smells Like Teen Spirit: 5/5. The most famous Nirvana song ever. Amazing vocals from Kurt.  In Bloom: 4/5. Great song. This is the one that introduced me to Nirvana. Great chorus and drumming from Dave Grohl  Come As You Are: 4/5. Another one of Nirvana's biggest songs. Has a cool guitar effect. Great lyrics  Breed: 4/5. I have never heard a drummer move as fast as Dave in this one.   Lithium: 5/5. My favorite song from the album. Starts off slow, but gets heavier as it progresses. I love the lyrics too.  Polly: 3.5/5. Good, but probably the weakest song on the album. It is one of the the first songs I learned to play one guitar though  Territorial Pissings: 4/5. Fast punk rock song. Kurt looses his voice at the end. That's dedication  Drain You: 4/5: Great song. Weird lyrics though  Lounge Act: 5/5. I love the bass line from Krist Novoselic in this. Kurt's voice is top knotch too  Stay Away: 4/5: Good song, probably my second least favorite though  On a Plain: 5/5: My second favorite song on the album. I love the chorus from all 3 of the members  Something in the Way: 5/5: Great closing song about Kurt's time period in which he was homeless.  Buy this album right now. Thanks for reading
B0055SWM08|5.0|Relaxing and challenging at the same time.  Zen music soothes you like a morning meditation in a Japanese garden.  I love this game.  The best dollar I ever spent.
B0060V1WJ6|5.0|The cast made this movie, the story is a little bit hokey, especially the ending.  It is the cast that make this movie great.  I don't know if I would even call it a romantic comedy because the focus of the movie is on Carrell and Gosling.  Supporting cast really benefit the movie, Marisa Tomei's performance is wonderful.  Awesome soundtrack. Surprised by Gosling's comedic abilities, he outshines Carrell.
B005H0IW6W|5.0|this is an excellent Christmas album by Michael Buble!! great as a gift or to crank up while decorating, wrapping presents, or baking cookies:)
B003QSHIPS|5.0|the vinyl is heavy and the artwork is amazing.  sounds freakin awesome.  i wish all of their albums were easily attainable like plastic beach is.  if youre looking for a sweet addition to your LP collection this is definitely that.
B00555Z2PS|4.0|The poor quality control of new vinyl records never ceases to amaze me.  Here we have an \\"audiophile\\" pressing from a dedicated record company, of one of progressive rock's finest hours.  Well, 80 minutes, in fact.  The first three sides impressed me greatly; they are totally flawless sides, with an even more beautiful restoration of the original master sound than I could have hoped for.  The fourth side, well, it's not perfect.  It's not even really acceptable.  Back in the eighties when records were still pressed routinely by all the labels, your basic record from the local record store would generally be in much better condition than this side.  It seems to contain \\"fuzzy\\" grooves, places where the press has gone awry, and the resulting distortions which crop up for a second or two at those spots is pretty bad.  The bad grooves can even be seen by eye, as notable \\"sparkles\\" on the face of the vinyl.  Not sure whether this is a problem with one press or a bad mother, which would have been used to make hundreds of bad copies.  In spite of the problems the side is still listenable, but it is a crying shame compared to the other three perfect sides.  Overall this record is still a great improvement over my old copy from the local record store way back when, but it still feels like when the ball goes left of the goal posts.  A disappointment considering the product hype and the price.<br /><br />*** Update ***<br />I have recently played some of the vinyl in comparison with the Rhino remaster of this album on CD, and it actually surprised even me, a vinylphile, how superior the sound of this record is over the CD.  The CD remaster, while crisp, is overly harsh and midrangy, it sounds almost like a police radio in places by comparison to the record.  So, very glad that Friday Records did not try to use the same master, although it is a shame to be missing the ambient introduction as with the original record.
0553801473|1.0|Spoiler alert....and descriptions of graphic bodily functions etc. I give it one star, as a grace...compared to his other books in this series. But as a stand alone book...it doesn't deserve one star at all. ZERO for me.<br /><br />We purchased this book because both my hubby and I enjoyed the series so far.  I personally did not like Book 4, however.<br /><br />It has taken me almost 4 months to finish this volume.  Why?  Because it is so God awfully MORBID!  GAD...one would need psychiatric counseling or antidepressants at least to enjoy this book. So I trudged along at about 20 pgs a night...put it aside...tried again and again. Hubby kept saying...stick with it... it gets \\"better\\". Well it doesn't.  Some chapters, actually seem like the older volumes. Then the slag begins again. Boring, endless new dead end characters, pus, gore, stink, monkeys throwing feces, vomiting, blood, burning, eyeballs exuding liquids (poor Prince Martell). Poor Dany... she is vomiting like the rest of them!<br /><br />I have reached my maximum ability to tolerate \\"realism\\" where Martin is concerned.  Does every page, every chapter have to have gruesome, endlessly detailed morbid descriptions of body functions, injuries, behaviors, murders?<br /><br />We purchased this book on Amazon...and sent it to our vacation destination. What a huge mistake. Don't read this book if you are looking to relax, or have a good time. It will drag you down, and poison your days and possibly your dreams.<br /><br />I can't see any of this book on movie or TV media.  How would it translate?  Good Grief!<br /><br />I do think RR Martin is a talented writer (from his earlier books). But this stuff?  NOPE....it is just sensationalism and depressing.
B0052GACNM|5.0|Tony Bennett... gentleman.  How else can you describe a man who invites such a diverse cross section of musicians and vocalists, from Amy Winehouse to Andrea Bocelli,  and blends his talent with theirs to create such a wonderful album. His raport with his fellow artist,and his obvious respect for their talent is the hallmark of a true professional.  Blown away by Lady Gaga, Queen Latifah and Andrea. Superb results with kd, Natalie Cole, Michael Buble and Willy Nelson. Not one lowlight anywhwere. This album really has something for all music lovers
B0053F042G|4.0|This wasn't quite a Matrix, or Inception, but it was great nonetheless.  I'd recommend this for anyone.  The storyline is interesting, the dialogue isn't too predictable, the ending isn't mind blowing, but I enjoyed the whole ride.
B000RMQH30|4.0|Overall a pretty solid effort from Ben Harper and the Innocent Criminals. It has some excellent tracks such as Less, Say You Will and Heart of Matters are the strongest efforts on this disc in my opinion. If you do not get up and dance to Put it On Me then there is something wrong with you. Need You Tonight is just a soulful song and the title pretty much sums it up. As Ben pleads for the love of a woman.
B005QYKE2Y|1.0|These transformer movies are horrible.  The special effects are the only good thing about these movies.  The actors, especially the main actor have drab storylines, stupid dialogue, and the transformer voices are poor.  Unless you're a kid, this movie is not for you.
B004SDEP38|1.0|This was supposed to be a $15 version that was the free app of the day.  It is nothing more than an ad based document viewer.  I find it highly unlikely that anyone would pay $15 for that.  Where is my 'full version?
B0012QTT4O|5.0|This first season is fantastic.  There are definitely relationship scenes that are skip-worthy, but the story feels original, and interesting. The young guy is dumb, but that's ok, we all know a few dumbies in real life.  The following seasons are OK, but the first season really shines.
B0043KK4N6|5.0|I loved the music, the dancing, and I could watch it over and over. It was great which is why I ordered the dvd and the soundtrack. You will love it too.
B0012HCASA|4.0|Keep the remote nearby, there are some fairly mundane sequences that last 10-15 minutes. I don't know why producers think we need to sit through boring conversation in order to relate to characters.  Aside from these dull moments the show is pretty good.  Like most shows it is full of unbelievable scenes, but androids with guns is hard to ruin, and River Tam is in the series, so it's a keeper.
B004L0NGEC|3.0|needs update! won't find connection to Internet to upload new photos.  some photos appearing fuzzy and nowhere near &quot;hd&quot;. needs new way to upload new photos
B005LJITS0|1.0|The special effects are good, and the acting is good.  But the storyline feels generic, and the dialogue suffers the same.  After awhile I began skipping ahead a lot, just to see the predictable ending.  There are enough films with great special effects, and good acting, so I cannot recommend anyone spend the time or money watching this.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|solid keyboard. needs some tweaking. other than that, excellent app. Love how well the predictive text works in most cases. Solid.
B001FW58D6|5.0|The first two series of this show are tremendous.  They're all good, but the first season of Fringe is really hard to beat. The characters, especially Walter, are fantastic, and each episode contains a unique set of challenges, action, and clever dialogue.
B005LJK3AC|2.0|Someone find me a movie with a normal screenplay in which characters are not caricatures, PLEASE!  Another great cast struggling to salvage this piece of garbage.  A couple of good one-liners and laughs do not make a movie.  Barely watchable.
B005PW3OS8|1.0|Watching this felt like rewatching Green Lantern, Xmen, except it was slower, and less interesting.  I think teenagers, and old people might enjoy this, but we felt bored, and cannot recommend this movie to anyone.  It felt like a waste of time.  Watch Xmen instead.
0375826726|3.0|After reading the final book of the Inheritance Cycle within 17 hours after first opening it, I have to admittedly say that I have mixed feelings as to the final book of the series.   I personally found the parts of the conclusion quite disappointing. The final defeat of Galbatorix also seems to come out of the blue, although close inspection shows a few hints that Paolini added into the final half of the story (although the logic behind the hint and its connection to the antagonist's defeat is never made clear). The problems with the plot can be summarized as simply being unable to follow how the conclusions were eventually reached. The only way such conclusions could be reached personally would be to draw upon inferences from Star Wars, Lord of the Rings, and other popular works of fiction. While in my opinion the first few books were quite original, there are a number of striking similarities in this book to other mainstream novels that made me set the book down for a few minutes in frustration before continuing.   On the positive side, the plot does contain a number of satisfying twists that quite frankly I didn't see coming, most notably the final defeat of Galbatorix as well as interesting dialogues via Eragon, Nasuada, and Roran as they attempt to make crucial decisions. The unfolding love interest between Arya and Eragon as shown in the previous book and its final conclusion is also a prime sub plot below that of defeating the king.   Paolini also dabbles in what I assume to be a new form of writing style for him, keeping the reader engaged with a perfect combination between plot twists while remaining true to the original story line. Unfortunately, the pace of the book changes a lot. For example, the final battle, which is only a fraction of the time frame that the book takes place in is roughly 200 pages long while at the same time glossing over vaster stretches of time where more information would be appreciated, leading to a frustrating sense of the final battle being like watching a repeating clip of the matrix in slow motion for three hours straight.   Probably what I appreciate most about the final book was his ability to remain within a general framework of the series for the past nine years. While not all of the questions were answered in the final book, it cannot be said that the ending was not consistent with clues given in the first book.   Overall, good book although slightly less than what I had hoped for.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|Amazing,  amazing,  and more amazing every time I use this keyboard.  It's like it knows what I'm going to type next. Amazing!
B004LROMSO|3.0|Another year in Hollywood brings us another reincarnation of the King Arthur stories.  This time its a miniseries from Starz and GK-TV that features a primarily younger cast, with some violence, some nudity and lots of drama.  All the main characters are back, from Merlin to Arthur to Guinevere.  The emphasis in this version of Arthur is the relationship between Arthur and his half-sister Morgan, and the political intrigue the latter pursues to defeat the former.  A major subplot is the formation of the Knights of the Round Table; here we see a lot of infighting as Arthur has to earn their respect under the tutelage of Merlin.  And Merlin here is more of a campaign manager and less magician, though he does resort to the latter only in times of need.  Overall, an OK retelling, but somewhat lacking in comedy and adventure.
B005V20JKI|5.0|This is a very fun game to play on the kindle fire,I cant put this game down. Official addicted!!! It's a must download if you haven't.
B004WE01YA|5.0|Over the years I have watched this movie in 2D several times.  I thought it was a wonderful work of art all along.  But now, this movie in 3D has set a standard of excellence that will be hard for other works to reach.  I highly recommend this movie!
030746363X|5.0|the slow carb diet just seem to make sense to me.  It wasn't hard for me to switch.  I did a lot of my own cooking but I feel like I am saving more time with eating out options and the beans.  Even though I feel like I am eating constantly, I have way more energy.  Also, I feel like I can skip a meal if I am busy doing something.  Granted, it is not my goal to skip meals, but prior to the slow carb diet, I felt that I HAD to eat every 3-4 hours or I start to feel sluggish and irritable.  Still working on the work out portion.  I think I am doing too much rather than not enough.  So far, a great and inspirational book.
B004TMPJP6|1.0|I love this appoint my ipod and computer. It does not, however, work on my new fire. please add an enter button asap.
1401323820|5.0|Book by Richard Castle,\\"Heat Wave\\"  was as I thought.  It held my interest with every page I read. Lots of readers will enjoy this book.
0553801473|3.0|5 Star Review: This book was awesome!  And it would have been even more awesomer if it had a plot!<br />3 Star Review: Eh, it was okay.  Could have used a plot.<br />1 Star Review: This book stunk!  Where's the plot?<br /><br />It's unanimous!<br /><br />This review will be replaced with a real review when the series is complete. Maybe.  Hey, I'm not your puppy.<br /><br />Warning: This incomplete series may have caused a slight case of Martin Derangement Syndrome in this reviewer.  Consume responsibly.  Limit: 3 books per day.
B0013527I4|5.0|I adore the muppets.... I got season 1 last year & the first disc did not work. I was so sad. I've heard other people say this of other tv show sets. Before I plunge into Season 2 or 3, I don't want to be disappointed by malfunction!
0321687299|5.0|I bought this book as a present, but I won't lie - I sat and read through a lot of it before I wrapped it up and it was very informative and well written. And was well received as a gift.
1451648537|5.0|Almost since the start, I have been an Apple enthusiast: iMac, iBook, iPod, iPhone. If you asked me why, my stock answer was that \\"Apple makes it simple.\\" But, of course, there's a lot more to the equation than that.<br /><br />Most of it could be summed up in two words: Steve Jobs. He was not an easy person for the public to know or understand, full of complexities and driven by demons despite his Zen studies. Walter Isaacson has come a long way in revealing Jobs: the good, the bad, and the ugly.<br /><br />\\"His passions, perfectionism, demons, desires, artistry, devilry, and obsession or control were integrally connected to his approach to business and the products that resulted,\\" Mr. Isaacson concludes. \\"The unified field theory that ties together Jobs' personality and products begins with his most salient trait: his intensity.\\"<br /><br />This intensity led Steve Jobs to adapt a binary vision of the world. Everything was \\"either/or\\": either the best thing ever or totally awful. \\"The finish on a piece of metal, the curve of a head of a crew, the shade of blue on a box, he intuitiveness of a navigation screen - he would declare them to \\"completely suck\\" until that moment when he suddenly pronounced them \\"absolutely perfect.\\" He was such a perfectionist that he found it nearly impossible to buy furniture for his home.<br /><br />His quest for perfectionism and ferocious drive totally redefined everything from personal computers to animated movies, music, phones, content creation, tablet computing, brand-defined retail stores, and more. As Arthur Miller once wrote, \\"Attention must be paid.\\"<br /><br />I am in awe of the research Mr. Issacson did and the portrait of Steve Jobs that emerges. This is a man who was a creative and intuitive genius; he brutalized those under him with his harsh assessments, yet nevertheless got people to achieve flights of imagination that they never believed could be possible. This is a man who could be narcissistic and self-obsessed - who initially abandoned his first daughter Lisa but ended up being quite the father to Reed, his son. This is a man who set priorities and focused with laser attention on every detail, but who suffered from reality distortion and was in total denial of his potentially curable cancer until it was too late. This is a man who produced some of the simplest-to-use technological innovations on the planet and transformed total industries but who did so without focus groups, onerous meetings, and bloated committees.<br /><br />Finally, this is a man with a fierce dedication to privacy, who toward the end of his life, agreed to this book with no control over what was written nor even the right to read it before it was published. What emerges is a definitive and eye-opening book about a man who was motivated not by money nor by philanthropic impulses nor even competitive urges, but the desire to \\"seek fulfillment by creating a legacy that would awe people.\\" For all innovators, it is a must-read.ended up being quite the father to Reed, his son. This is a man who set priorities and focused with laser attention on every detail, but who suffered from reality distortion and was in total denial of his potentially curable cancer until it was too late. This is a man who produced some of the simplest-to-use technological innovations on the planet and transformed total industries but who did so without focus groups, onerous meetings, and bloated committees.  Finally, this is a man with a fierce dedication to privacy, who toward the end of his life, agreed to this book with no control over what was written nor even the right to read it before it was published. What emerges is a definitive and eye-opening book about a man who was motivated not by money nor by philanthropic impulses nor even competitive urges, but the desire to \\"seek fulfillment by creating a legacy that would awe people.\\" For all innovators, it is a must-read.
0062060554|5.0|The book didn't start getting REALLY good until I was more than halfway done. And when I say REALLY good, I mean it went from okay to AMAZING in .8 seconds. The plot was so thick, the book has sucked me in so much. The last half of the book flew by and I ended up reading the whole book in one day. It was gripping. I was on the edge of my seat throughout the end. And when it ended, I truly did not even want it to end. It was amazing. And because of that, I highly recommend it. Not only is the style and concept different, they end up gripping you till the very last page.. if you let it.<br /><br />read more about this book on my new book review blog [...] :)
B005LB1MY6|1.0|Nostalgia is a dangerous thing: one can become too engrossed in the past and forget their duty to press on towards the future. In Justice's case, nostalgia is more than dangerous, it's lethal. Audio, Video, Disco would have sounded dated in the 80's, but today it just sounds misguided and childish. This is video game music at its worst, mindless weight-room ambiance at its best. But where Justice goes terribly wrong is in the seriousness with which they constructed this technical monstrosity. This is not a tipping of the hat to their past, nor a tongue-in-cheek trip back-to-the-future--this is serious business. The opener \\"Horsepower\\" has us believing possibly we are in for a joke with its pretentious, Rocky-esque attempt to \\"pump us up\\" and its RadioShack-quality synths. But if there is humor in this album it is on an inside-level. We are left wanting it all to end after \\"Parade,\\" perhaps the cheesiest assemblage of rock-anthem wretchedness and self-indulgence--the fake fade-out maneuver at the end had me cleaning my keyboard of vomit for hours--but the nightmare trudges onward towards the title track, which is slosh-and-burn disco at its least-inspired. At its conclusion we are left wondering how so much could possibly have gone wrong in sixty minutes. Here's hoping Justice is served and this duo is appropriately nailed to the cross.
082300659X|5.0|This is another beautiful volume from artist, author Juliette Aristides.  It is well made with a quality binding rarely seen in a book priced so reasonably.  The profuse illustrations are meaningful, pertinent and include an appropriate scope of both contemporary and historic sources.  The content is cogent and instructive, and the accompanying DVD was sufficiently inspiring that I just had to get out my sketchbook.<br /><br />I am a portraitist who paints using renaissance technical traditions, and my belief is that this book offers a effective approach to the study and practice of drawing that seems to be a fulfillment of what was forseen as needed by gifted authors from the late 19th and early 20th century, like John Vanderpoel and Harold Speed.  These authors wrote at a time when the extremely linear art instruction as practiced by the European academies was under concerted attack and dismantling, I think they foresaw the need for instruction of the type and scope offered here.<br /><br />After first stumbling upon 'Classical Drawing Atelier', I've been pleased to add both 'Classical painting Atelier', as well as this newest volume, 'Lessons in Classical Drawing', to my library as soon as I looked them over.  Though I've never met the author, I can't help but respect both her writing and her artwork.  I suspect that anyone who appreciates art and especially those of you who are interested in the highest craft practiced in the visual arts will cherish her books as well.<br /><br />Plus, if you are interested in really learning about representing and interpreting visual phenomenon (read; learning the discipline of drawing in it's highest, fullest forms), and you can't, for whatever reason, participate at a quality atelier, this is a very good place to begin as well as augment your studies.
1904994679|5.0|We buy it every year. There are so many fun stuff! I just wished that they made for paper cover. The hardcover is not very comfortable when holding it, it's not safe either.
0756404738|5.0|Rothfuss did it again with this fantastic, yet realistically written, novel. Great characters, memorable stories that can make bards weep.
0307387178|4.0|I cannot say enough good things about this book. Amazing. I originally bought it for my son. I read it first, before I gave it to him. It draws you in on the life and adventure of this young man. A true masterpiece, in my opinion. I immediately bought the DVD movie after reading this book, which is also, amazing. I believe everyone should and needs to read this book, maybe for a reality check into the minds and hearts of our children. Thanks Amazon.
B005D63RQK|5.0|Literally one of five shows I will turn my Tv/PC on for. This show has a formula for success.<br />Make sure you know what version(SD/HD) you are getting as well as whether or not your PC can handle it.<br />13 episodes a season sucks but most great shows these days are condensing for quality.
0446364495|4.0|This book, The Bridges of Madison County, is rightly so labeled, a classic. Great book that I lost myself in reading, isn't that what a book is suppose to do! I would recommend it to anyone and everyone. Also the sequel. Thanks Amazon.
B001V5ADS2|5.0|Literally one of five shows I will turn my Tv/PC on for. This show has a formula for success.<br />Make sure you know what version(SD/HD) you are getting as well as whether or not your PC can handle it.<br />13 episodes a season sucks but most great shows these days are condensing for quality.
0143038419|4.0|I read this book long before it became popular. Recommending it to all the people that I know have a love for reading. I love it, I love the story. What an adventure this woman had. I got lost in the pages, like you should with any good story. A longing to have such an adventure a find my true self came with turning the last pages of this book. The sequel also is good. Thanks Amazon.
B003AYDPYQ|5.0|Literally one of five shows I will turn my Tv/PC on for. This show has a formula for success.<br />Make sure you know what version(SD/HD) you are getting as well as whether or not your PC can handle it.<br />13 episodes a season sucks but most great shows these days are condensing for quality.
B005QBKXOQ|5.0|What can I say about this album? Only one word, Wow. It has a awesome beat to it and I can't stop listening to it.  It is my new addiction. I greatly recommend this to anyone who like Rock music. My favorite songs are Renegade, Crawling Back To You, and Outta My Head. I highly recommend you listen to them. Peace.
B005UKJX4E|1.0|Sounds like a good story line, but honestly don't rent it. period!!!  I wrote this only to save others from my mistake
B003M98792|4.0|Brings it back lone wolf and cub this was classic whoop ass flick from the early 80s this is proberbly what Quintine Tarintino grew up on also lol well it was what was hot in the 80s and what I grew up on before Ago Kashmir came out it spawned the Japanese flicks good old days of Saturday kung fu theater lol. Not for the kiddies
B0064J6OMO|4.0|I found some parts of the movie a little over the top as far as swearing and crude humor. However I would be lying if I said it didn't make me laugh. The storyline of people switching walks of life is a bit old but many of us can relate to one character or the other.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|What a waste of time ~ it took over an hour to get everything downloaded, password, and redemption codes and all I can do is watch it on my computer. It's spotty at best on my iPad and doesn't even allow use on my AppleTV. Prime example of a product that isn't ready for the public yet. Don't bother getting this version.
B006ANJ4BW|3.0|I collected all the \\"Conan the Barbarian\\" and \\"Conan Saga\\" comics in my twenties. These Hollywood renditions are laughable so don't expect much of this movie. Visually, the actors look like well fed, smooth, pretty boys/girls from L.A. The environment sfx aren't bad, the monster animated sfx are noticeable. The curly haired actor looks nothing like any Conan from any comic but I suspect Hollywood goes by pecs/biceps size.<br /><br />The 'acting'? Wow .. can you say 'Hercules' the t.v. series? Yeah. Right there.<br /><br />If you're ok with the Xena/Hercules, you'll like this. 2.5 stars.
B000HIVIOW|5.0|My children grew up watching this video. They loved loved loved it. Every Christmas we watched over and over. Funny thing, they are now grown and have not watched in years but they can still hum the music to this day. Beautiful soundtrack. This is a must have for any children!!!!
B001AQT11M|5.0|I remember Snow White from when I was a child and I used to watch it often. I bought this for my 1 year old daughter and neither her or my 2 year old son seemed interested past the first 2 minutes of it. Tried to put it in a few weeks ago, which is now about 10 months later and we all sat through it. I forgot how cute of a movie this was. My kids are really into all the different animals now and they kept saying look at all the animals and the princess. I think the classics are just as popular now as they were back when we were children, we just have to introduce them to our children and they will actually watch them and enjoy it.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|everything syncs seamlessly. everything I enter in on my iphone, chrome, or on the kindle is easily readable. I highly recommend this app!
B0036TGT3E|5.0|I loved this movie as a child and was excited when it came out of the vault. I bought this for my two toddlers, but also for my own personal enjoyment. I didn't know if they would like it because so many Disney movies are animated nowadays, but they enjoyed it just as much as I do. This movie is really cute, the musical numbers for different scenes are enjoyable and the graphics for the blu-ray are very crisp and clear. I loved this just as much being a 26 year old as I did when I was 8 years old.
0880796863|5.0|I am absolutely delighted with this deck. I have some antique books from the late 1800's through the 1930's and I was hoping that these illustrations would capture that feel. These cards are illustrated with the Art Nouveau era's softer, more muted color palette. I find these cards very pleasant to look at with the more original color palette, mezzotints and benday dots. The cards have the same slick, shiny, coated surface rather than a more matte look that I was expecting, but that is really more practical anyway for regular use. The deck also includes a small booklet (seek additional information. This will not be of much help if you are a beginner), and I especially appreciate that there is a card dedicated to Pamela Coleman Smith's bio. One strange thing is that the Six of Cups is colored differently than other Rider decks. The female's hair is WHITE, not yellow. This lends itself to some different interpretations on the subjects of aging, nostalgia, etc. - I actually think it's a better card (for me) this way.<br /><br />The deck's printing is sharp and clear, and the box is printed with a lovely pattern in metallic ink. As a note to those who often focus on each card's strongest colors, the most noticeable difference with this Rider Waite version compared with later versions is that there is no true blue in these cards. It instead is a gentle shift between soft aquas and greens rather than the more intense sky blue range. This subtlety may not be for everyone, however I personally don't care for the brighter, more modern versions. Some look like they've just traced the originals and color penciled them in.<br /><br />There have been several comments regarding the US Games copyright mark on the cards. The type is an extremely small and thin font appearing in the lower right margin. It's probably 3 point type. I personally didn't even notice it or register an annoyance at first seeing it. In my opinion, not all corporations are \\"beasts\\" and I think US Games, Inc.should be credited for keeping the art of tarot alive and readily accessible to us. If you are that offended by their corporate status, buy tarot card designs from another company so you don't feel that you are supporting \\"the Beast\\". Also, it may not have been mentioned by anyone that on the box it states \\"Copyright 1993 The Estate of A.E. Waite\\", so the original creators are still actively in ownership, which I am happy about. If anything bothers me, it's \\"Printed in China\\" on the box.
B0068TJLSY|5.0|It kept my attention the whole way thru. I loved every minute of it. J. J. Abrams rocks. The story was well done.
B0012QTT4O|5.0|The first episode started off slow, but by the end of that episode, we were hooked! We are almost finished with Season 4 and can't stop watching. Great series.
B005QI4TP8|5.0|Beautiful, spooky, and different from everything else out there. Like Lungs, it takes a couple listens to get completely hooked.
B002BWP49C|5.0|Bill Condon did an Excellent Job with Breaking Dawn Part 1 by staying close to the book. The wedding scene was beautifully done. I Love Bella's wedding dress very much. The Reception Ceremony was extremely funny with Charlie & Emmett. I truly didn't care about Jessica and her jealousy act. Plus Rene's singing did not catch my attention. I Loved the way Jacob interacted with Bella at her reception until he got angry and almost ruined Bella & Edward's moment due his childish temper even though he was truly looking after Bella's well being. However she is married now and you can't interfere with her decisions. The Honeymoon was Perfect! Now I have to clarify due to critics not having the facts straight. Edward & Bella consumed their marriage twice not once like some people speculated. Their first night Edward felt terrible for the after bruises Bella had from being intimate and made sure to keep Bella busy by the time is was bed time by doing regular site seeing activities. Until Bella finally woke up from a dream of desperation to mate with her husband once again. This is when Edward & Bella conceived. The fact is Edward & Bella slept together twice. Plus also please note Edward is 109 years old not 104. Please read the books before the facts are written. Also, Bella's pregnancy and make-up effects were Spectacular. I was feeling so bad for Bella the way she looked and what the baby was doing to her. The birth scene was extremely scary to watch as a Mother myself knowing this would truly be a lifetime experience to forget having a c-section this way. Plus the imprinting was perfectly explained. However people always love to judge. Please note Jacob is a Protector, Brother and Guardian for the moment until Renesmee turns 16. Then she makes the decision if they stay together more than friends. This is Tribal legend. Plus please note when the wolf pack were speaking in Jacob's mind is through their thoughts. Yes, I know this is a fictional story but please note wolves in real life do communicate mentally they don't speak or turn into humans. So please critics let's just enjoy the movie. This was Perfectly done just like our book was written. I can't wait now to see Breaking Dawn Part 2 on November 16, 2012.<br />There were parts that were edited from the books, and scenes that were shorten to give an accurate explanation. However, I know Summit will make sure these deleted or extended scenes are added in the movie. Plus the mature DVD I know they would release for the adult audience to watch as a Director's Cut.real life do communicate mentally they don't speak or turn into humans. So please critics let's just enjoy the movie. This was Perfectly done just like our book was written. I can't wait now to see Breaking Dawn Part 2 on November 16, 2012.  There were parts that were edited from the books, and scenes that were shorten to give an accurate explanation. However, I know Summit will make sure these deleted or extended scenes are added in the movie. Plus the mature DVD I know they would release for the adult audience to watch as a Director's Cut.
0316286869|5.0|i can not recall how i came across the title of this book, but for some reason, i've become interested in makeup. living in nyc, you can see that there's plenty of oppurtunity for this line of work. when i discovered this book, i placed the book on hold at the library. after waiting for about six months, when i was the next in line for checking out, the book was pulled. what a bitch! so, the librarian put it back on hold...... i was like, check amazon. so i did, and luckily, the price was affordable. i placed my order. after waiting one week for this book to arrive, i can honestly say that this is a great tutorial for anyone who is looking to learn the basics. not only was this book in great condition, but the applications of explanation is easy to follow... i would highly recommend this to any novice makeup artist.
B004ZQBP3Q|5.0|This is a must buy, it is awesome and every rocker should have one and listen to it every day.
B001V7U76S|3.0|NOTE: this is for the Kindle edition of the book.  Well written, informative and also a fun read. Other reviewers have other covered this, so I'll stop here: 5 stars for content.  Be warned if purchasing the Kindle edition that the formatting in the book has problems: margins are way too large in a number of places, the original index isn't hyperlinked properly (basically just a word list), and figure captions are often misplaced. It's legible, but not of professional quality, and certainly not worth the nearly paperback price they're asking for. 2 stars for typesetting.  If you can, buy a physical copy instead.
1451648537|5.0|This is a wonderful biography about an amazing personality that revolutionized the way we use and think about technology. It is an easy, entertaining, educational, informative and inspiring read that I highly recommend to anybody interested in the life of Steve Jobs.
B0063IH60K|3.0|Excellent game, but with unavoidable ads and no way to buy your way out. The iPhone version has an escape hatch.
B0025UHKNS|5.0|I got this watch last year.  After a year of use, I can say it is not bad after all.  I really like the status screen auto changes every 20 seconds, I do not have to touch it to switch screens.  I use it as a regular watch and if needed I can just turn on the GPS to record distance, sweet.
B001KDQ4KQ|4.0|Can you imagine lovng someone so much you would do anything for them. You could not live your life without them. Now imagine you are only 17 and having those feelings. Its like a modern day Romeo and Juliet with a twist. The parents are best friends, the Hartes and the Golds. They have brought their children up to be best friends and as they grow older eventually lovers. They are inseparable. But something is eating Emily Gold up inside. Being with Chris Harte is sometimes like being with a brother but she can't imagine being with anyone else. So Emily and Chris make a pact. What will happen when it gets to be too much for the both of them?
B0058VW36U|2.0|Downloaded this app since I commute by plane every week and need something to take my mind off the drone of flying.  This app is challenging, thought provoking and I would enjoy playing it.  That is - if the thing doesn't crash constantly.  After the first 5 levels, the app keeps crashing or locking up on every screen.  It's not expensive but I'd expect more testing?  This isn't the only app broken on the Kindle Fire either (Dead Space?)
B004ZNAGNE|5.0|The remastered studio album of DSOTM is nice (but really not much different than previously remastered versions), however the live performance of DSOTM is what you want this \\"experience\\" version for.  It's really amazing the live concert sounds so great since it was from the original DSOTM tour.<br /><br />On a side note (and not related to the DSOTM review), the \\"experience\\" version of Wish You Were Here is another must buy for Floyd fans.  The alternate studio versions of Wish You Were Here and Welcome to the Machine are amazing.
B005D9MUWY|5.0|I've tried many keyboard apps but this one beats all of them hands down. It doesn't get no better, and to put the icing on the cake thid app gets regular updates.
B000BW7QWW|5.0|My son turned me on to the series Firefly and told me about the sequel movie Serenity. Enjoyed it very much, but was sadly disapointed when I found out Serenity was the ending movie of Firefly.  It's too bad it didn't go on for another year or two.[[ASIN:B0000AQS0F Firefly - The Complete Series]]
B0055SWM08|5.0|fun to play... quick,  easy to learn. Puzzle game for all ages. would recommend to friends. worth the money for sure.
B005V20JKI|3.0|Nice game, great idea about the characters changing, however keeps freezing up / slow game play and force closes occasionally. [Samsung Vibrant]
1451648537|4.0|If biographies are supposed to give you a sense of who a person is, then this is a success. So many myths surround Jobs that an author could easily write hundreds more pages about his life and still not scratch the surface of this incredibly complex human being. Having read it, I am grateful for his genius, and even more grateful for his flaws as it inspires all of us to realize that we aren't perfect and should lean on our strengths and God-given abilities. Steve Jobs was a gift to humanity, and a total jerk. My life is better for knowing that the two can coexist.
B001GF7WRW|5.0|I've never owned a pair of headphones that didn't cost more than $20 in my entire life, as such i've had to deal with the consequences of owning cheap headphones. Regarding these here's what i think:  Sound: I read some of the previous reviews and i was extremely concerned, my initial thought was i might be buying something that will end up giving me the quality of those $20 headphones. But after trying them on with my ipod i was completely blown away, i had never hear such amazing clarity in my entire life. The same went when i tried it with my HDTV and a bluray film as well as some of my flac tracks i have on my PC.  Hardware: In terms of comfort they're great as the buds wrap around the entirety of your ears, giving the wearer the full benifit of the sound quality. It has a long cord around 6ft - 8ft which i love because I mainly use these in bed at night to watch tv. They are bulky more so than the average full size headphones, but as someone else mentioned in their review they are very light, surprisingly so.  Pros and Cons: Always be aware of the \\"you get what you pay for\\" saying, DO NOT expect these to be the greatest pair of headphones of all time. If your a perfectionist that wants sound quality that only the gods could create, then i strongly suggest you try something else. But if your just average person looking for a great pair of headphones for a decent price these are the perfect choice.  Summary: From i've read into AKG headphones they are extremely durable and last a long time, i've only had them for a few hours and i already love them and if you get them i'm sure you will too.
B003PIUC02|4.0|Great story with lots of sex and violence Andy Whitfield was a great Spartacus he has since passed away.  If you liked HBO's Rome you will enjoy this definitely!
B004UXUUDA|5.0|This is a deeply moving and heartfelt story of one family's tragedy amongst the countless thousands consigned to Hitlers inhuman death camps, and the then French authority's shameful involvement.  But it also a story ultimately of hope, expressed through the kindness of strangers.
B00003CXB4|4.0|I bought this movie without having watched it in a long time.  I used to love Lion King!  Then, after having watched it, I rememberred.   Simba's Pride (The sequel to this one) is my favorite.  Love the movie, though!  Original Disney movies are still better than the newer ones!
B0025UHKNS|4.0|This is a very good training tool for those who want something a bit more high tech and enjoys playing with gadgets with lots of buttons and functions. If you are someone who wants a simple watch-this would be your biggest nightmare! This being said, I am an athlete and make great use of this device and all the data that it can give me.   With this device I can track my heart rate, use the excellent GPS and see how many calories I have burnt. The price is great and the GPS is fantastic as well. I have been using it to run on the beach side, in the bushes, athletics tracks and it never fails me. A very confusing watch to figure out at first, but if you follow the instruction manual carefully you should be fine.
B002T921AC|1.0|This is hardly music. If this is what sells music today, something is wrong with the world. If you're looking for a decent modern group, listen to Radiohead or the Black Keys.
B0006GANN2|4.0|The French Connection is one of the greatest cop films because it is very believable.  All the characters seem like real people, and the bad guy's plot is very logical and simple.  The world famous car chase scene is very realistic, and it feels very intense because of its realism.  Gene Hackman's character of Detective Doyle is stunning, Doyle is not a good man by any means.  Doyle drinks, loves young women, and has a terribly short temper.  He gets caught up in chasing The Frenchman, dedicating himself to the pursuit.  Roy Scheider's character of Det. Russo is much more straight laced and calm compared to Doyle, and the tow character balance each other.  The camera work in the chase scenes is simple and brutal, and director William Friedkin really makes a film that is basically about two guys following two other guys very suspenseful and real.  No cars flip over and explode, the action is fast paced and logical.  Modern film makers could really take a lesson from this film, that explosions and gun battles are not necessary to make a suspenseful action film.
B0013K6WLM|1.0|\\"I got mine\\" is one of my favorite black keys songs.  I was disappointed in the rest of the album.  It didn't have enough of the southern blues influence.
B005NF2UE6|5.0|I don't know why people bitch about this band, they are awesome. This CD is absolutely incredible. Chad's voice is amazing and his guitar work is right there with it. Absolutely great music, period. Stop bitching and listen, they are great.
0060730552|5.0|Great climbing story, but that's just the beginning.  This was the most gut wrenching story of survival I have ever read.
0375428232|1.0|I bought this book because I needed some more practice since the number of updated IBT resources are limited. However, I am disappointed because there is too much repetition. There is not any enough practice questions. I have princeton's other books as well. but 2012 edition got my attention and gave it a try. If you need to learn the very basics of TOEFL IBT this book may be good for you. Otherwise, go with the practice questions by Barron w/6 audio CD which might be more helpful for you because the more you practice the better you will do on the test.
145551389X|5.0|Best book ever! Very intimate photos of Gaga's personal life and it's all put together very well! The book it rather large in size, about 12in tall I believe.
1451627289|5.0|As a long time Kennedy admirer and assassination buff, I frankly started 11-22-63 with some trepidation.  Years ago I read several Steven King novels - the last one probably being PET CEMETERY - and had sort of given up on him.  The reviews of 11-22-63 were almost too good and I assumed that the reviewer who wrote that \\"King never gets a bad review\\" was probably correct. But that being said, I had to order the book when it was first announced, not wanting to be left out of the loop on JFK literature.<br /><br />The fact that the book is almost 850 pages also caused me some concern.  But all in all, I'm very glad that I ignored the bad reviews and the fear of a long tome.  11-22-63 is well worth the read for both assassination buffs and someone who wants a good story.  King has managed to meld the two into a fast moving tale that makes you want to take a day off from work and finish it all in a day or so. This combination of time travel, changing the past, mixed with historical fact is intriguing.<br /><br />If the length makes you nervous, as it did for me, I will say that the print is fairly large.  The editors have wisely included chapters, and subdivisions of chapters to allow the reader to find convenient places to stop and start a read.<br /><br />As to the story, I don't want to be a spoiler. This is a book that needs to unfold with each reader. One reviewer felt that it dragged a little in the middle.  I don't disagre with that point, but that was not enough to lower my overall opinion.<br /><br />I think that the thing that I came away with from the novel is about life and how each turn in the road has different results.  As you read the novel, I, for one, did a lot of retrospection about life. What if I had done this or that; what if a certain professor had taught a different section of a class that I took; a different person had lived next door; the chance meeting that you had or never had... and on and on. My faithful dog Lucky, who is currently stretched out on my bed, is a prime example.  I came out of church on a Sunday morning.  There was light snow on the ground.  My son happend to go to church with me.  He saw what he thought was a baby racoon in the snow.  It tuned out to be a homeless puppy.  How he got there, where he came from, I'll never know.  But the rest is history. You can't figure out how that puppy came to be at that particular place but three months to the day that I found Lucky, my dog of 14 years died.  Maybe Roscoe didn't want me to be \\"dogless\\" and wanted another kindred soul to have a good home. Who knows.  But I agree with King, you can't go back and change the past.<br /><br />My final observation is that the book as MOVIE written all over it.  It will take some doing to condense the story, but this is Hollywood waiting to happen.  The film rights were probably sold before the book was finished.  I'll be at the first showing.<br /><br />For those who liked this book I would also recommend IN THE FULLNESS OF TIME by Vincent Nicolosi.  It's a novel set in the backdrop of the JFK assassination but centers on the death of Warren Harding. It's an unlikely combination, but trust me, I enjoyed a great deal.came out of church on a Sunday morning.  There was light snow on the ground.  My son happend to go to church with me.  He saw what he thought was a baby racoon in the snow.  It tuned out to be a homeless puppy.  How he got there, where he came from, I'll never know.  But the rest is history. You can't figure out how that puppy came to be at that particular place but three months to the day that I found Lucky, my dog of 14 years died.  Maybe Roscoe didn't want me to be \\"dogless\\" and wanted another kindred soul to have a good home. Who knows.  But I agree with King, you can't go back and change the past.   My final observation is that the book as MOVIE written all over it.  It will take some doing to condense the story, but this is Hollywood waiting to happen.  The film rights were probably sold before the book was finished.  I'll be at the first showing.  For those who liked this book I would also recommend IN THE FULLNESS OF TIME by Vincent Nicolosi.  It's a novel set in the backdrop of the JFK assassination but centers on the death of Warren Harding. It's an unlikely combination, but trust me, I enjoyed a great deal.
B0017XFBMG|4.0|This five disc box set consists of studio outtakes, rehearsal recordings, live recordings, and hard to find B-sides.  Of the set's 111 tracks, three-quarters consists of unreleased material.  Like most \\"posthumous\\" collections culled from recordings that had been left on the shelf, there are no long lost masterpieces here.  Still, there are many good tracks and several hidden gems.  \\"NW3,\\" (a precursor to \\"Mother Mo Chroi\\") \\"Something Wild,\\" and \\"Driving Through the City\\" are all worthy additions to Shane's body of work.  The set's most outstanding track, \\"Aisling,\\" was recorded for Hell's Ditch but inexplicably failed to make the cut. Subsequently MacGowan rerecorded the song with the Popes and released it on The Snake, his first solo album.  The Pogues' acoustic version is softer and considerably slower than the recording Shane did with the Popes.  Another delight is a portion of a fantastic live set, six songs in all, recorded in Scotland's Barrowlands in 1987.    Any serious Pogues fans will want this album, but I'd recommend newcomers start with the first five Pogues albums.  [[ASIN:0615445446 Rake at the Gates of Hell: Shane MacGowan in Context]]
0307593312|5.0|Normally I hate mundane details in writing, but the writing in this book detailed the thoughts and actions of the characters in such a way that they evolved. Unlike details that are so channeled that you can predict the outcome of the story, Murakami employs them to keep you guessing about the story while subtly shaping his characters so that you not only knew who they were but why they were.   The threads of the story that lacked explanations were not so much unresolved as leading the reader to a portal where the reader was invited, but not forced, to join in the imagination.  I was engrossed in every word of the story from the first page to the last paragraph!
B000H8SFMK|5.0|Shane MacGowan has said that the Pogues \\"peaked\\" with If I Should Fall from Grace with God.  That would be a hard point to argue against.  The album is an intoxicating blend of musical styles.  It manages to maintain a sense of the band's Irish roots while incorporating Mideast sounds, jazz, and of course rock and roll into its eclectic mix. Of the album's eleven non-traditional tracks, MacGowan wrote or co-wrote nine of them.<br /> With an album as strong as If I Should Fall from Grace with God it is difficult, if not foolhardy, to try to single out a single track as the record's highlight.  That said, for my money, \\"The Broad Majestic Shannon\\" is a contender.  MacGowan has said that he wrote the song for fellow Tipperarian Liam Clancy and Tommy Makem.  Over two decades later, after Liam's death in 2009, each night in concert he dedicated the song to Clancy and Makem.  The simple beauty of the lyrics earned the song a place in a 2005 anthology called \\"The Best of Popular Irish Poetry.\\"  The song is a sentimental reminisce of County Tipperary as MacGowan remembered it from his childhood.<br />  If the album has a better track than \\"The Broad Majestic Shannon,\\" surely it is \\"Fairytale of New York.\\"  MacGowan shared writer's credits with Jem Finer.  It's about an Irish immigrant couple in the Big Apple.  It is a Christmas song like no other.  The husband, past his prime, spends Christmas Eve in the drunk tank.  His wife is apparently a junky hooked up to an intravenous line in a hospital bed.  Obviously, they've seen better times.  The husband is optimistic for their future, but the wife, who accuses him of stealing her youthful dreams, is having none of it.  At one point she chastises him with the classic line, \\"You scumbag, you maggot, you cheap lousy faggot.  Happy Christmas your arse, I pray God it's our last.\\"  It's a Christmas story only Shane MacGowan could tell.<br />  \\"The Broad Majestic Shannon\\" and \\"Fairytale of New York\\" are enough to make If I Should Fall from Grace with God a classic album, but there is more.  Much more.  \\"Lullaby of London,\\" \\"Turkish Song of the Damned,\\" and the title cut are all strong enough tracks to remain in the Pogues' live set list more than two decades after their release.  \\"Lullaby of London\\" is a slow, sad, beautiful song evoking images of the town MacGowan loves to hate so well.  \\"Turkish Song of the Damned\\" (co-written by Finer) and \\"If I Should Fall from Grace with God\\" burst with visions of death and religion.  The former is reminiscent of 19th Century English poet Samuel Taylor Cooleridge's opium-fueled epic \\"The Rime of the Ancient Mariner.\\"  The music has an infectious Mideastern feel.  The later brings MacGowan's nationalist passion forward with the lines \\"This land was always ours, was the proud land of our fathers.  It belongs to us and them, not to any others.\\"  Certainly not to the British.<br /> Republican sentiments are even more up front in one of the album's traditional cuts, \\"Medley.\\"  The piece is a merger of three songs, \\"The Recruiting Sergeant,\\" \\"Rocky Road to Dublin,\\" and \\"Galway Races.\\"  MacGowan shares the vocals with Terry Woods in \\"The Recruiting Sergeant\\" portion of the track.  It's about British attempts to recruit Irishmen to fight with England in World War I.  The would-be recruits decline saying, \\"There's fighting in Dublin to be done,\\" a reference to the 1916 Easter Rising that kicked off the Irish revolution against the British.  That reference is a mild dose of anti-British sentiment compared to the album's other MacGowan-Woods collaboration, \\"Streets of Sorrow/Birmingham Six.\\"  It's technically a medley as well.  \\"Streets of Sorrow,\\" written and sung by Woods, is a soft, reflective piece about the sorrow, pain, and death caused by terrorism in the streets, presumably the streets of Belfast.  It is a perfect lead in to MacGowan's more virulent \\"Birmingham Six,\\" a song about six Irishmen wrongly convicted of bombing two English pubs.  MacGowan's lyrics pull no punches.  He calls the British prosecutors \\"filth,\\" accusing them of framing and torturing the convicted \\"for being Irish in the wrong place and at the wrong time.\\"  For good measure he refers to the British authorities as \\"whores of the empire\\" and hopes they will \\"rot down in hell.\\"<br /> If I Should Fall from Grace with God also contains the expected allotment of Pogues' rave-ups.  \\"Bottle of Smoke\\" and \\"Fiesta,\\" like so many of the album's numbers remain staples of the band's live set more than two decades later.  \\"Bottle of Smoke\\" reflects the Irish passion for horse racing.  A far cry from \\"Old Stewball,\\" the steed in \\"Bottle of Smoke\\" comes in at \\"Twenty f**king five to one\\" causing the \\"Priests and maidens, drunk as pagans\\" to celebrate.  \\"Fiesta,\\" co-written by Finer, was inspired by the fiesta that took place outside the Pogues' hotel while they were filming \\"Straight to Hell\\" in Spain.  Over the years it has become a live showstopper, the last song of the night, whipping the crowd into a frenzy as a machine showers them with colorful confetti.  MacGowan has called \\"Sit Down by the Fire,\\" another full speed ahead number, \\"a typical Irish bedtime story.\\"  If that's true, nightmares must be rampant in Ireland.  The lyrics tell of creeping things in the night suggesting that \\"if ever you see them pretend that you're dead, or they'll bite off your head.  They'll rip out your liver and dance on your neck.\\"<br />  The album also contains the hands down best non-MacGowan Pogues' composition in the band's repertoire.  Phil Chevron's \\"Thousands Are Sailing\\" is absolutely brilliant.  The perfect song of Irish emigration to America, it manages to include all the expected immigrant references without ever sounding cliched.  MacGowan's vocal is the perfect vehicle for bringing Chevron's lyrics to life.<br />  If you only own one Pogues album (a serious mistake!), make it this one.<br />[[ASIN:0615445446 Rake at the Gates of Hell: Shane MacGowan in Context]]He calls the British prosecutors \\"filth,\\" accusing them of framing and torturing the convicted \\"for being Irish in the wrong place and at the wrong time.\\"  For good measure he refers to the British authorities as \\"whores of the empire\\" and hopes they will \\"rot down in hell.\\"    If I Should Fall from Grace with God also contains the expected allotment of Pogues' rave-ups.  \\"Bottle of Smoke\\" and \\"Fiesta,\\" like so many of the album's numbers remain staples of the band's live set more than two decades later.  \\"Bottle of Smoke\\" reflects the Irish passion for horse racing.  A far cry from \\"Old Stewball,\\" the steed in \\"Bottle of Smoke\\" comes in at \\"Twenty f**king five to one\\" causing the \\"Priests and maidens, drunk as pagans\\" to celebrate.  \\"Fiesta,\\" co-written by Finer, was inspired by the fiesta that took place outside the Pogues' hotel while they were filming \\"Straight to Hell\\" in Spain.  Over the years it has become a live showstopper, the last song of the night, whipping the crowd into a frenzy as a machine showers them with colorful confetti.  MacGowan has called \\"Sit Down by the Fire,\\" another full speed ahead number, \\"a typical Irish bedtime story.\\"  If that's true, nightmares must be rampant in Ireland.  The lyrics tell of creeping things in the night suggesting that \\"if ever you see them pretend that you're dead, or they'll bite off your head.  They'll rip out your liver and dance on your neck.\\"    The album also contains the hands down best non-MacGowan Pogues' composition in the band's repertoire.  Phil Chevron's \\"Thousands Are Sailing\\" is absolutely brilliant.  The perfect song of Irish emigration to America, it manages to include all the expected immigrant references without ever sounding cliched.  MacGowan's vocal is the perfect vehicle for bringing Chevron's lyrics to life.    If you only own one Pogues album (a serious mistake!), make it this one.  [[ASIN:0615445446 Rake at the Gates of Hell: Shane MacGowan in Context]]
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I have actually been following the book for awhile, but when I saw the preview for the movie I figured that I should go ahead and read before the previews start popping up on television.  The book is pretty much a mix of Shirly Jackson's \\"The Lottery\\" and the TV Series \\"Survivor\\", with one of those Atwood future civilization twists.  Like the other reviews I was a little surprised at the violent nature of the book, but it would probably be unrealistic if there as no death or violence involved.  I do like the fact that the girl is 12 and is a strong character, and with a tweener myself I think that this is a character that she could probably relate to.  There is a sort \\"romantic, lover triangle\\" thing there, but of course she is 12 and I like how the author portrays how she feels and it is realistic for what a girl her age would do if in a situation like that.  Also if you have a Kindle, one of the pages may come up blank, I had to change the screen layout to a black background with white letters, to see one of the pages (which makes me sort of glad that I didn't get a book with a blank page).<br />Since I now know that there is a movie, I am hoping that maybe the movie will allow us to also see \\"outside\\" the arena during the games.
B002P79QNI|5.0|Penny starts playing online first person game and turns into a nerd gamer, so funny to see her get into Sheldon's world!!
B004L3AR0K|4.0|Really good movie. Jake is so cute in this movie. Anne gives a really good performance. Good storyline, and good acting. Romance and Comedy. Can't miss.
6304708521|2.0|The Beatles/ Magical Mystery Tour (DVD television special):  First of all, as of the writing of this review (in 2011) there does not exist a good quality transfer of this television special on DVD.  The DVDs and Tapes that exist today sometimes claim to be `remastered', which is a lie.  I hope that there will some day be a decent release of this show but until that release comes (if it ever does) do not bother buying any copy of this show.  As to the show itself, it was a huge disappointment when it was first show on television (back in the days when all television was in black and white) and the original Color version wasn't that much of an improvement.  However, with that being said, this is the best way to see the video versions of \\"fool on the hill\\", \\"I am the Walrus\\", and \\"Blue Jay Way\\".  For those moments alone, I hope that someone makes a good version of the show someday.<br /><br />UPDATE:<br /><br />There is a new version of this film from Apple that came out in 2012.  That is the version to buy, NOT the \\"Avenue one DVD\\".[[ASIN:B008RTE08E The Beatles: Magical Mystery Tour]]
B0055SWM08|5.0|The basic premise is to get the pearls o. each level. If starts out dimple snx build in difficulty ad you progress.  Each lpuzzld has a Jame which is a clue to the solution.  You will love the quick progresssion and the navigation through the various levels. hours of fun!
B000002ACR|5.0|The Byrds/ Younger Than Yesterday (the 1996 17 track CD from Sony/Columbia):  Here we have yet another true gem from 1967.  \\"Younger Than Yesterday\\" is a Great album and the CD with the 6 bonus tracks is the one to buy (you'll have to do a little looking to find it).  Highly Recommended.
0060920084|1.0|Bill Bryson is one of my favorite authors, however this book was a big let down. The book describes Mr.Bryson's experience while traveling through the United States and reflects his opinions relating to those experiences. Unfortunatly, all of those experiences are negative. It is appearant that Mr. Bryson did not hold a high opinion of the U.S. or it's Citizens at the time of this writing. Though Mr.Bryson began as a travel writer,his real strength lies in his history based books. I'm still a Bryson fan. This just isn't my favorite.
B000002UTY|4.0|Quicksilver Messenger Service/ Happy Trails:  In a time when the record company was having a hard time trying to make an authentic sounding Grateful Dead record, and when the few live albums around were not any better than the Rolling Stones horrible \\"Got live if you want it\\" LP (Please take into account that most of the live 1960's CDs that exist today were not released in any form until well after the Sixties were over) this album was a breath of fresh air.  Not only was it a decent live album, but it captured a recognizable slice of the \\"San Francisco Scene\\".  This was THE live album to play when you couldn't get to a concert that weekend.  This was an important album in Rock history.  Today, the album feels a bit dated but it is still enjoyable.  As important as it was, it is not a five star recording.  Those who remember it will always love it; those who are new to it may wonder what the big deal was.
B0013URJTG|5.0|THis is another amazing album by Porcupine Tree. Most of their albums are really great, this is another album to love. All the songs are amazing -> psychedelic and very good ballads. Personally i find songs like : Russia on ice + Shesmovedon + Four chores that made a million + Hatesong + Lightbulb Sun, really really amazing. Definitely 5 star songs. The rest asongs are Also very very good. What are you waiting for, If you like ballads and good harmony and sound betwwen the tracks then this is your album. No second thought. Just buy it.
B000058983|4.0|Love/ Forever Changes (18 track version): This album has the feel of a soundtrack, playing in the background, almost unnoticed, yet bringing added life and meaning to what you're seeing.  It is a beautiful album, not an overpowering album, but expertly done in its inspiringly soft manner.  Is it a Masterpiece?  You will have to decide that for yourself, but it is certainly worth owning.  I give it four stars out of five.  I like the album very much.  I would not want it missing from my collection.  I can only claim a fond affection for the album however.  It is not an album I can claim to `love'.
B002PDBA90|4.0|Basically i like very much the first track : Phase 1, and i foind a little too much te other \\"phases\\". Its total psychedelic with very very good production and clear sound. It reminds me hte riff from Another brick in the wall by Pink Floyd. If you like ohter album by Porcupine Tree you will probably like this album too. A very good album .
B000002UDB|5.0|The Beatles/ Magical Mystery Tour:  The TV show was a bomb but the album is terrific.  No, this is not another Sgt. Peppers, but it is another Beatles classic.
B005Y841QC|3.0|My son purchased earlier seasons of Supernatural for me and I have been following the reruns because I cannot get The CW network with my cable service. I have been hooked on Supernatural for quite a while, but have been dissapointed with recent episodes. They should have not taken Casiel out of the series. He made the earlier episodes much more interesting. The newer characters seem to come and go to fast except for Bobby. I don't like paying for each new episode and am getting more dissapointed with this series, but thats the writers fault. Kill off the Leviathons and get Casiel back!
B000002P5W|5.0|The Jimi Hendrix Experience/ Axis - Bold as Love:  Their second album, also released in 1967.  This has the feel of a loosely based Science Fiction musical.  A bit on the odd side but equally as essential as the first album.
0810989956|5.0|As always nothing to say but - excellent books. My daughter loves these books very much. She  keeps reading each of them 20 times. This one is little different, it also helps your kid to be more creative.  Highly recommended!
B000NJM4JS|5.0|The Doors/ Perception (slip case, 6 CDs and 6 DVDs both containing the albums and extras - with video content added to the DVDs): This is the best box set of The Doors I have found and if you are looking to replace your old versions, this is the one to choose.  You might however want to keep the old version where Jim sings \\"She gets...\\" as this box restores the censored word and now he sings, \\"She gets High\\".  The sound is great in both CD and DVD, and the videos added are interesting though not extensive.  Of the original six Morrison/Doors albums, this is without a doubt the best presentation your likely to see for many years.  That is not to say that there are no problems with the box.  As usual, it claims to have all the Doors studio albums.  It, or course, does not.  Apparently The Doors and the studio has conveniently forgotten about their two fine post-Jim albums (\\"Other Voices\\" and \\"Full Circle\\").  While those two albums are not `essential' recordings, they are still Doors albums (even though they are \\"Jimless\\").  So if you are looking for a truly complete collection of The Doors, those two albums will have to be bought separately (if you can find them).  The other album missing (though not entirely a Doors album) is the Jim Morrison Poetry album on which the other Doors played several years after Jim's death (\\"An American Prayer\\") which will also have to be bought separately if you desire it.  With all that being said, I absolutely adore this box set!  It is magnificent.
B000HT38AS|5.0|Any Clint Eastwood fan would be missing out if they didn't have these movies in their collection. Three good movies in one package!
B005OZE9SA|5.0|For those suggesting this device lacks certain attributes in the recording arts, I suggest you buy a mac. From the box and running within ten minutes.   Highly recommended. Thank you Focusrite!!
125000568X|5.0|Simply AMAZING!!!!  Mere words cannot describe the beauty of this book!  It is full of surprises tucked away neatly between the pages; when you open this book you will think of that very special gift you opened on Christmas morning.  Honestly, I cannot believe that they are able to sell this book at this price!  (Buy the book, you'll see what I'm talking about.)  If you have a Queen fan on your Christmas list, or if you are the fan, don't even think about it - just buy it!  I promise, you won't regret it (but you will be kicking yourself if you miss out).  I love this book so much that as soon as I submit this review, I am buying another copy to stash away because I'm afraid I'm going to wear this one out looking at it over, and over, and over again.  This book is a work of art and a wonderful keepsake for anyone who loves Queen.  Thank you Brian and Roger!!!!!
B005L3HJ8M|4.0|This is a great album! Coldplay did not let me down! and the quality from the LP version is unquestionable. Didn't like plastic flashes at the record whole.
B005ELZKWS|4.0|Well thank God for Micheal Anthony and Sammy Hager! At least those two X Van Halen members are still making some decent sounding old school rock and roll. With Chad and Joe in the mix as well, it's gotta kick ass right? Well I'm happy to say that it does for the most part. You wont find any jaw dropping momemts here, but you will find great old school rock tunes. A pleasure to listen to and I'm glad Mikey and Sammy can still rock even at their age lol. Well done lads keep it up for as long as you can cause I'll keep buying if you're not dying!
B001AQO446|3.0|5 star movie with a two star transfer to Blu-ray. One of my all time favorite movies, unfortunately with a noticeably poor DVD quality transfer to Blu-ray.  Poor detail continuous video noise especially during dark scenes and generally washed out colors.  Yes I know the film is 30 years old - check out 2001 A Space Odyssey or Close Encounters 30th Aniv Edition if you'd like to see how amazing a 40 year old and 30 plus year old film should look like on Blu-ray (if the studio performs a quality transfer from a quality master). Universal should be ashamed of themselves and Blu-ray.com disc reviewers need to get glasses.
B0058VA2U4|5.0|If you ever liked Anthrax, if you every liked speed or thrash metal, if you ever liked metal in general, you owe it to yourself to pick this gem up. Joey never sounded so good, almost John Bush like, which is a good thing in my books and the tunes just flat out rock!<br /><br />Do yourself a favor and give this puppy a listen!<br /><br />Easily 5 stars!
B000AGTPUK|5.0|Just saw this movie with my two year old boy.  Wonderful holiday movie.  Wish we could see it in the theater.  I bet the 3D was pretty awesome in the showhouse.
0307454541|3.0|If you like mysteries and adventure stories, \\"The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo,\\" will definitely fill the bill.<br /><br />Lisbeth Salander, the girl with the dragon tattoo, is bright, sharp, highly-focused, totally amoral, and a great foil for her research partner, journalist Mikael Blomkvist.<br /><br />The book is deftly written. It has lots of action, lots of smart thinking, and lots of colorful characters. The hours will pass quickly as you make your way through this thriller.<br /><br />An editorial criticism here: The evil Advokat Bjurman and the ghastly Martin Vanger are very much alike. Only Vanger needs to be in this book to complete the plot.<br /><br />Bjurman is a nasty creature. The girl with the dragon tattoo takes care of him in a very creative and well-deserved way but he is not at all necessary to the story. Advokat Bjurman should have been saved for a short story or simply left on the cutting room floor.<br /><br />Kim Burdick<br />Stanton, Delaware
B005LY4B0A|4.0|The game itself is entertaining, however, I just wish that they would keep the amazon version up-to-date like the Google market version.
185984054X|4.0|Hitchens rightly undresses the soon to be saint with story after story that exposes her hypocrisy concerning money, politics and religious conviction.  I especially love the story about Charles Keating and Mother Teresa's letter of appeal on his behalf.  If there is a God, Mother Teresa had some splainin to do when she met St. Peter. At under 100 pages this book will be done in a day but I think it will put a smile on your face.
B004J1DBJI|2.0|I purchased this back in July for my Nook from the Amazon Appstore, now I cannot download it, repurchase it or anything because the only Wolfram Alpha app listed on Amazon is for the Kindle Fire?
0307593312|3.0|This was my first Murakami novel, and I found it both entertaining and in need of good editor. The need for an editor's merciless red pen to clean up repetitive and flaccid prose is a bit ironic considering that one of the main characters, Tengo Kawana, rewrites Fuka-Eri's novel, Air Chrysalis. I agree with the reviewers that say Murakami writes men better than women.  Although I liked the book and am open to reading more Murakami, I was pretty disappointed to find pages 757-788 entirely missing from the book (with doubles of 789-820).  This was a good story that was marred by sloppy writing, editing, and packaging.
B005HSG3TC|1.0|Not happy with this product.  There is no comparison with this cover and the leather cover on my older Kindle.  This plastic cover is truly plastic.  I'm thinking of returning it along with the Kindle Fire which is another disappointment.  It is very difficult to read with all the glare off the screen.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Best app ever! Great graphics and gameplay. Tons of levels and scenes. You just cant get enough of those birds. Worth the download.
1936041928|5.0|This is a good version of this book and it was in new condition and it was very well priced. Used for school and was the same as most other versions
B003V4AK8E|4.0|It's not an exact replica of the 360 controller, though I suspect they would run into legal issues if it was. The right joystick is slightly higher than the 360 controller which can lead to thumb fatigue over long periods of playtime, however the same issue arises with the left stick of the six axis controller if you are used to playing with the 360 controller. I still consider this controller to be much more comfortable than the six axis.<br /><br />Battery life seems to be about a 3rd of that of the six axis. Suppose if you are a hardcore 24/7 gamer you could run into problems with this.<br /><br />As for the six axis, either my controller is faulty or that claim is a bunch of garbage, not that it matters to me as I don't use six axis anyway.<br /><br />The triggers are wide like the six-axis r2 and l2 buttons, however they are concave and allow for much easier use and your fingers do not slip off like the six axis.<br /><br />The supposed dead zone seems to hit or miss, as my controller does not have this issue.<br /><br />Overall if you are used to the 360 controller and the six-axis controller fatigues your thumbs quickly, this is a better controller. If you are looking for an exact match of the 360 controller this isn't for you.
B004SQS9FA|4.0|It has been about nine months since Radiohead dropped the bomb of this release.  Everyone was surprised to get the news regarding their eighth album.  It first came out of their website, and we were only given a few days notice.  I felt happy to get the compressed zip download; the first time I ever got a Radiohead c.d. on the day of its release.  Feeling privy to all their previous works, I knew I'd be the first on my block to write a review.  (Even 'Rolling Stone' seemed on the spot for a while:  At first they only gave us descriptions of each track.  It took about a week 'til they had their actual review.)  As excited as I was about 'The King of Limbs,' I felt I had to recuse myself from a review, for each subsequent listening required another.  Just like its predecessors, 'King of Limbs' is masterful:  The musical layering is expert and the texture--yes, oddly, their music does have texture--is nothing short of sublime.  The opening track and the finale', \\"The Separator\\" are among the most exquisitely contructed songs in Radiohead's ample repertoire.  Furthermore, \\"Good Morning, Mr. Magpie\\" and \\"Codex,\\" two of the best songs, add some badly needed tension.  While I laud the overall quality and there isn't a bad song, I felt something was (and is) missing, and it was hard to put my finger on it.    'King of Limbs' is most reminiscent of 'Amnesiac' and 'In Rainbows,' but it lacks some of the variety and emotional connection found on all their other works. Nowhere is there a climax (and you're right to object that a rock lp doesn't have to have a climax), but a \\"Let Down.\\" \\"Fake Plastic Trees,\\" \\"Optimistic,\\" or \\"Where I End and You Begin\\" is nowhere to be found.  And, anyone knowing the band will attest that filler is few and far between with any other album in their catalog.  (Neither does this one, but where is the energy to go with the complexity?)  'King of Limbs' is Radiohead's weakest showing since their debut, 'Pablo Honey,' but what that album lacked in technique, it made up with energy.  Listening to 'King of Limbs' reminded me of listening to works by Emerson, Lake, and Palmer--only exponentially better--of course!  You have to admire Radiohead; their longevity and craftsmanship have been fueled by their thirst to experiment and reinvent the rock music wheel, but while their maturity here is admirable, it does have one longing to do away with the eraser when it comes to their collective passion.
B0030N8Y4S|1.0|Sorry, but this is season wasn't worth a long review.  This seasons shows dissolved into a vary bad PC whipping of plots in previous shows.  It tried to make it psychological but it was a obvious hack job on the shows previous characters and concepts.  By mid season I couldn't watch any more shows and I really wished I had given up sooner rather than waste my time.
0762439009|5.0|This is a great gift for anyone who loves this movie.  It's an excellent  price for all that you get.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|This app has been invaluable in improving the performance of my WiFi network. Very easy to use to determine signal strength (helped me position my router for the best signal throughout the house) and it analyzes channel signal strength so you can pick the best channel for your environment.<br /><br />Using it on a Kindle Fire. Works great - highly recommend!
B000NA28I4|1.0|This is the same case as Percy Jackson. Awesome series, awful movie. Rick Riordan and Christopher Paolini's books are thrilling, but the movies made out of them are just terrible. I nearly cried when I watched both of them. This two hour movie is two hours of stupidity. I seriously hope they don't make an Eldest movie and a Sea of Monsters movie. Here are some things that make the movie so awful. I don't care if I give anything away. You'll probably see it anyway when you watch the stinking movie.  *Excuse me, but Brom isn't killed by Durza.  *Saphira does not grow up in twenty seconds. In the BOOK, anyway.  *Arya is not supposed to be able to move or talk or anything. She is supposed to be sleeping or paralyzed or something like that with her elf magic.  *About Arya. Did they just decide to give her a makeover? She is an ELF, not a human. What happened to her ears? And RED hair instead of BLACK? There's a difference, you know. And they reveal that she is a princess even though Christopher Paolini does in the second book, Eldest.  *Eragon has blue eyes instead of brown in the movie. He is supposed to be fifteen, not seventeen.  *Brom gives Eragon Zar'roc in the book. Eragon doesn't just take it from Brom as he is wounded by Durza.  *Saphira doesn't name herself: \\"Hello. I am Saphira.\\" No. That's not how it is in the book.  *Eragon's gedwey ignasia is not blue. It is not swirly.  *Ahem, where are the Twins at Farthen Dur?  *What happened to Katrina?  *What happened to Solembum the werecat?  *Brom never tells Eragon that his dragon was also Spahira.  So what I am saying is, this movie lies A LOT! If you have read the books and are aware this movie lies and are watching this movie to see how bad it is, like I did, please try not to punch the TV. The most harm I did to it was in my mind. I imagined myself breaking the TV in half while that movie was playing. But I guess Saphira was good. The person's voice as Saphira was amazing and Saphira in the movie is brilliant. Overall, this movie is not so good excluding Saphira. She was the only thing that WAS okay.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|Love that I can share notes across computers, phones, and tablets with ease.  The interfaces on each are thought out and convenient, and display is appropriate to each device.
1451648537|5.0|This book is very informative and very interesting. The accounts of meetings, engineering, design and ideas of products is to the point. EVERY page of this book is at least interesting if not enjoyable. It gets into the mindset, at least as deep as possible for a writer, of an icon in world industry. Apple computers was Steve Jobs and we will see if it continues its growth under the new leadership. A troubled personality not unlike many other artists or leaders is analyzed and probed and lets us understand a bit of the co-founder of Apple. Too bad Jobs did not appreciate other human beings as much as he did his products. It would have made for a better man. Excellent book.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This book engages you right out of the gate. I read the whole series in 4 days. Katniss is a great character that you begin to feel for every step of the way. It is gripping and exciting.
B000007MVX|1.0|Although I really love Tull and appreciate the other stream of consciousness albums, this one is a bit too eccentric for me. The interjection of the children's tale \\"The Hare Who Lost His Spectacles\\" right in the middle of this album totally breaks the mood, and I found it quite anoying. In addition, it gets rather soft at times, and hard to hear.
030746363X|4.0|I did enjoy this book. If you liked 4HWW, you will like this, no doubt as I did. But be warned, the kindle version has no searchable index or chapter guide, making this a big novel, when it should be more of a DIY body manual that you can quickly access. He has lots of info and snippets, and I have a hard time navigating to the points, as some logically relate to one another. I hope the format has been redone, and if it has, can someone let me know? I would like to revisit this book again.
1401207529|5.0|This is a great addition to my husband's colllection of graphic novels!! I would reccomend this to anyone whos likes graphic novels or Batman!!
B004GYY714|5.0|Motorola photon on Sprint network Awesome app. Like the features regarding album cover, song playing .. presets and even emergency responder tuning.  Cool! Thanks
B000PKX2KA|5.0|I researched for some time and opted for this little gadget to replace the GPS that came with Microsoft Streets & Trips, which took forever and a little longer to come alive. It got to the point that I had to buy a Nuvi to have as backup--frontup in this case!  Now, I can be siting in my truck, inside the garage and this GPS finds its satelites in less than 5 seconds, no matter the weather conditions! I was about to buy the stick version manufacturered by this same company, however, I got scared after reading the complaints in the reviews about the installation of the stick model (sorry, I don't remember the style number). Now, this one was a genuine plug-and-play. I'm using Win7 on my laptop in case you are concerned about this version of OS.
B000AM2L1O|2.0|What is the point of having a sitting doll without the chair.  I did not see a chair I could order so I assume it was included.  Nothing in the ad about the chair not being included. Misleading advertizing (I think)it is a crime.  Shame on you Amazon.
B003R0LBVW|4.0|I enjoyed reading this book because I could identify with the main female character as she reminisced about the choices she took in her life.  I loaned it to friends with high expectations that they would like it,too.  My younger friends did not like the novel but my older friends did.  I think you have to be at a place in your life where you are looking back on your life choices to fully understand the story.  .
B004YXE438|4.0|This is a fun game! It's been a long time since I tried jigsaw puzzles. When I saw this was available for the Kindle Fire, I thought 'why not.' I'm happy with these puzzles.
B005V20JKI|2.0|Gameplay is fast and graphics are well done, but it's tiring (read boring) after a few levels. Just not that much fun. Deleting.
B004SGWYW4|4.0|This series Struck me with the zombie Outbreak with characters from a high school as the main characters, It does a good job with the Look of the zombies how they act. Touches on some good subject matter between the characters, Only thing I think they could have done less with was the fan service I get all into the episode and  I see some big boobs pop up on screenIm not saying its bad but it is kinda overused a bit but if you can overlook this this show is a gem and only one like it that I know of
B00511ONPG|5.0|I have resisted being a part of Facebook and Twitter. It seemed like such an invasion of ones privacy to be so public. But after reading these heartwarming and practical words of wisdom--all real stories supported with case examples--never again will I underestimate the power of the social media. For sure, it crept up on us fast and escalated it's pace in the last two years to the point that Facebook and Twitter has replaced many personal and company web-sites. Can you Imagine that? (And here I was thinking about creating a brand new website. Whew--got out of that one!)<br /><br />But seriously, this book, although a bit pricey for an ebook, is well worth the money. I laughed and cried my way through it, don't ask me why, but I think it had something to do with saying goodbye to my old friends--old ways of marketing and saying hello to shiny new friends with a fresh wholesome outlook. The old ways never worked very well anyway and were always hit and miss and hard to measure. You knew something worked, but weren't sure from where. Thanks Dave for a great book and for being who you obviously are--a good human being.
0385534639|5.0|A most wonderful read.  The world Ms. Morgenstern creates is one we'd surely love to visit.  Filled with feats too spectacular to be anything less then real!  And we're left, at the end, with a story within the story, to go back and read again.  Completely delightful, I highly recommend.
B005CMSDKA|1.0|I was really excited to watch this movie. The previews were pretty awesome but once i saw it I was left wanting back the time I spent watchig it. The best parts are in the trailer. It felt like some aweful indie film. The acting was great, just the story (it had potential) and how it came off through the lense was not decent enough.
B005I64U5C|3.0|The recent resurgence in superhero movies has tended to be characterized by less campy, less over the top, more grounded story telling.<br /><br />The challenge Thor had was that it had to deal with the inherent silliness of a rainbow bridge to Asgard. Green Lantern is saddled with a pink bad guy, Kilowog and all the other silliness of the Green Lantern Corps plus a hero who can be beaten by, uh, yellow? That's not in any way the movie's fault - just the huge hill of credibility it has to climb.<br /><br />Given that it was going to be a little silly anyway, they got Ryan Reynolds. I actually like Ryan and would throw handfuls of cash at Marvel if they'd just let him do Deadpool right (the Wolverine Origins version was just a terrible missed opportunity). The problem is a silly premise with an actor just adding more silly results in... silly.<br /><br />If you want to do a silly comic book character, let him be Deadpool. Let him break that fourth wall. Let him talk straight to the audience. Let him go nuts. Let him use impeccable yet utterly crazy logic. Reynolds would be amazing as Deadpool. As Hal Jordan? You miss the slim chance you ever had to take the silliness of the core plot points of Green Lantern and create a strong modern comic book movie.<br /><br />It's not a terrible movie. Let it be what it is and it's quite enjoyable. But it'll never be a Dark Knight or an Avengers, it'll never be Spiderman or even the reboot. It'll just be two hours of harmless silliness and a nagging sense of missed opportunities.
B005V20JKI|4.0|I'm addicted to this game- bottom line. It's so simple yet can become difficult quickly which I love. I wish the controls were a little better- it will lag from time to time- but overall, very fun game that has consumed several hours already :)
0394873742|4.0|I remember the Richard Scarry books from when I was a kid, so I jumped at the chance to buy some for a friend having a baby.  I'm sure the specs gave the measurements, but I guess I didn't process them - this book is BIG, like up to my hip and two feet wide.  So not quite sure where my friend will store this book...!  But it looks as great as it did 25 years ago, and still a great learning tool.  It came in a large box from Amazon, and one corner of the book was bent - this is a board book, so the \\"pages\\" are very think (and there are only a few), but I don't think the pages will flatten out now that they've been bent.  Not really a big deal, but still not in perfect condition.
B005OCFHHK|3.0|I just wanted to get all 8 movies bundled together, plus get a good price for any included extras. Some reviews I read slammed this set version (BluRay,RegionOne locked, 8 disks) for being light on included bonus and extras material. They even provided info that an \\"Ultimate\\" boxset is due out. I am in agreement with them. Distributors do \\"hold out\\" on providing complete box sets with ALL the extras included to make extra money. Others made a choice for going thru Amazon UK to get 11 disks (BluRay/DVD,8 BR RegionUnlocked, 3 DVDs RegionTwo locked). I had heard of distributors bundling different packages and releasing at different times but 3 hours later my n00bie box set head is spinning. I made the choice to buy Amazon UK for pre-order. Never pre-ordered before, never bought overseas. I paid around 45$ US inc ship for three extra RegionTwo locked DVDs and 8 BluRay disks. Maybe some don't want to go to the bother to view a RegionTwo disk in the states but I'm game for learning. IMHO, read up on box set versions and what you're actually buying as a consumer. 5 star series, 3 stars for the distributors marketing, extras are important to me so I rated accordingly.
B0065GG2ZK|1.0|GARBAGE... Somebody lied to Drake cause this aint hitting at all. He doesn't know if he wants to be a singer or rapper! My opinion, he can't do either. Everyone is trying to be so creative and different that nothing is sounding worthy to call Hip Hop. I don't know what this is but thank God for preview..... thank you Amazon
0767802659|5.0|starship troopers is a clasic its right up there with star wars in my opinion star ship troopers 2 is good but not as good as the first dont lisen to the bad reviews buy this movie
B005D0RDIE|4.0|After watching the Time Machine DVD, I was impressed once again with the band's unbelieveable musicianship. Rush is spot on musically here - I don't think their playing has ever really sounded better in all the time I've been going to see their shows. Some of the usual live Rush humor is there, but it's mostly contained within the \\"history of Rush\\" segments at the beginning and middle of the show. Unfortunately the characters from \\"I Love You, Man\\" don't show up at the end like at the show but this is a small detail.   Highlights for me include Freewill, La Villa Strangiato, Leave That Thing Alone, and Caravan. Naturally there are plenty of good things to say about Moving Pictures, but most of them have been said already.   The setlist is pretty aggressive, which is a definite credit to the band. I quite like the way Rush has been recording live performances as of late, which is to include the entire performance rather than to select certain songs for inclusion onto the album. Of course with that come a few rough edges, but that's to be expected sometimes. I saw Rush twice on this tour and Geddy sounded better vocally to me on those occasions than this one, but it's still an excellent momento of the tour.   One thing I was not clear on is in the sound set up area of the dvd. It looks like you can choose between 5.1 and Dolby, but after you select one it doesn't really look like you've made a selection for sure. I'm sure it does what you tell it to do but it just seemed a little bit ambiguous to me.   Overall, a great DVD...recommended.
B003ELOQD4|3.0|This review is for the Blu-Ray edition. I really think a high school team could have done a better job with this footage, I know I could have. Lets start with the gripes 1/ Doesn't auto-start in my Blu-Ray nor did any button on my universal remote start it. The Blu-Ray remote had a 'disk menu' button that I found worked to start it. Only disc I've had to do this with. 2/ Lots of bonus features but each one dumps you back to the main menu(scroll to bonus's, scroll to find the bonus you want, press enter) Other discs I've had queue up the next bonus(press enter)Really aggrivating after a bonus or two. 3/Special effects really don't enhance the effort. I didn't buy a Blu-Ray to watch dark, grainy scenes. I highly suspect that the DVD version is just as good. 4/ The concerts opening song is buried as a bonus??? That's not just weird but WRONG!. 5/ Editing wasn't bad but I feel a lot of ambience of the show could have been shown to better effect. Not a major gripe though. 6/ On a personal level I'm sad they don't play New Years Day or In The Name Of Love anymore. ITNOL is truly one of the great rock songs of all time & I miss it.    The good news is this was one heck of a show. Great band, awesome staging, & huge crowd made me wish I had been there. Still worth buying, but U2 really have to look somewhere else for video production. Other concert video's I've watched don't usually leave me shaking my head & muttering about amateurs.
B0006VBFM0|5.0|I BUY THIS WATCH FOR MY DAUGHTER AND IS JUST GREAT, THE PRICE IS RIGHT AND SERVICE BY MR WATCH AND AMAZON  WAS AMAZING.  SINCERELLY  GERMAN LEAL
B000VBIGD6|5.0|If you grew up in the 50s or 60s than you are probably a bigger fan of The Christmas Story, but if you are younger than you can not get better than this.  This is Chevy at his best and a great story. There are times when Randy Quaid almost steals the show.<br /><br />One of the things that makes Chevy / Clark so endearing is his innocence.  A man who is just trying to give his family a memorable holiday.  Thanks to Chevy, he has given my family many memorable laughs.
B0052VUNHC|5.0|This book is going to forever be my favorite book of 2011! It was recommended to me by my best friends from goodreads Melissa, Rachael, and Maria. I am so GLAD they read this and decided to share the love!<br /><br />When I looked at the cover before buying it on Amazon I was captured right from the start because it is of a butterfly in a glass jar fluttering around. The colors capture your attention and the name Beautiful Disaster is like an oxymoron. Beautiful means generally pleasing and Disaster means a sudden calamitous event bringing great damage, loss, or destruction.<br /><br />So without further ado here is my review. I will try not to spoil it for those who have not read this book but it is going to be real hard to do. Once you start reading this book you are captivated right from the first page. You can not put this book down to save your life. I read it in one day because I could not put it down.<br /><br />Abby and America are freshman in college and are looking to have some fun and get far away from home as fast as they can. Abby is looking to start a new life and re-invent herself by becoming a straight A student and staying away from trouble. America wants to party with her new boyfriend freshman sorority brother Shepley.<br /><br />America and Shep are going to watch Sheps cousin Travis fight in an underground fighting ring and invite Abby along to watch. As Abby is watching the fight she can't see it clearly and so she moves to front where she can see better but when she gets there she is sprayed with blood from the losing fighter as Travis punches him in the face. The crowd erupts in cheers and yelling and pushing when Travis starts yelling at everyone to let her through to his cousin Shep who is trying to get to Abby. After the fight Travis invites Abby over to their apartment for a celebratory diner and drink when she declines his offer. Abby is all set with Travis because he is known around campus as the campus bad boy who sleeps with girls and tosses them away like yesterday's newspaper.<br /><br />Thus begins the cat and mouse game Travis starts to play with Abby. He even goes so far as to make a bet with her and she loses. As they start to talk more and more Abby is sure there is something more to Travis than meets the eyes. She sees things in him that no one else sees because he never lets anyone see that side of him. As time goes on and they spend more and more time with each other Abby starts to feel things she knows she should not but she can not help herself. Then Travis starts to think things and act weird around Abby and he can't seem to get her out of his mind. Could there be something brewing between them? Is there love in sight for them or will the bad boy wreck everything and end up hating Abby or Abby hating him?<br /><br />This story is true to how a real relationship goes. In relationships there are ups and downs and fights and making up is the best. This story shows what happens when you open your heart to someone. This story will have you laughing, crying, and screaming all at once. Abby is lost and confused and Travis is just as lost and confused. Will they overcome adversity and become a couple or will they hate each other and continue to go on different paths.<br /><br />This is such and EPIC read and it spoke to me because I did have a relationship like this. There was a lot of love but there was a lot of hate at the same time and it is hard to open up to people once you have been burned. This is an accurate depiction of a true relationship. Come along for the ride and read this great read!<br /><br />My favorite part of the book, well one of them anyways:I was pushed around with the movement of those coming and going. America called my name from somewhere in the back, but I was mesmerized by the trail of red from my chest to my waist. A pair of heavy black boots stepped in front of me, diverting my attention to the floor. My eyes traveled upward; jeans spattered with blood, a set of finely-chiseled abs, a bare, tattooed chest drenched in sweat, and finally a pair of warm, brown eyes. I was shoved from behind, and Travis caught me by the arm before I fell forward. \\"Hey! Back up off her!\\" Travis frowned, shoving anyone who came near me. His stern expression melted into a smile at the sight my shirt, and then he dabbed my face with a towel. \\"Sorry about that, Pigeon.\\" Adam patted the back of Travis' head. \\"C'mon, Mad Dog! You have some dough waitin' on ya!\\" His eyes didn't stray from mine. \\"It's a damn shame about the sweater. It looks good on you.\\" In the next moment he was engulfed by fans, disappearing the way he came.<br /><br />McGuire, Jamie (2011-05-26). Beautiful Disaster (Kindle Locations 84-93). Jamie McGuire, LLC. Kindle Edition. (less)ally a pair of warm, brown eyes. I was shoved from behind, and Travis caught me by the arm before I fell forward. \\"Hey! Back up off her!\\" Travis frowned, shoving anyone who came near me. His stern expression melted into a smile at the sight my shirt, and then he dabbed my face with a towel. \\"Sorry about that, Pigeon.\\" Adam patted the back of Travis' head. \\"C'mon, Mad Dog! You have some dough waitin' on ya!\\" His eyes didn't stray from mine. \\"It's a damn shame about the sweater. It looks good on you.\\" In the next moment he was engulfed by fans, disappearing the way he came.   McGuire, Jamie (2011-05-26). Beautiful Disaster (Kindle Locations 84-93). Jamie McGuire, LLC. Kindle Edition. (less)
B003ES5ZPK|5.0|These save valuable strain on your hdmi ports. A must have for camera operators working in film. Saves my devices from having to be replaced
B004TMPJP6|5.0|I love the fact that Wunderlist is cross platform.  Works well in Linux and Windows  as well as Android.  Best to-do app out there.
B004NSULHM|4.0|I got this cd the day it came out, and it's taken me a while to get to a point where I feel I can review it, because it's taken me this long to really get into it. 'The King Of Limbs' is a WEIRD record.<br /><br />TKOL is a hard album to get into, no doubt about it. The songs are more focused on rhythm and textures than pop hooks, and it shows as soon as you press play. If you're looking for 'In Rainbows 2' or another 'Kid A' you're going to be very disappointed.<br /><br />That being said, this is not a bad album. It will probably take you several listens to get into it. This is another 'Hail To The Thief' type album- in that it's a transitional record, and obviously so. The next record, if there is one, will probably not sound like this.<br /><br />I recommend starting with \\"Little By Little\\", which sounds almost like it might have been written around the 'In Rainbows' period, in that it has that weird kind of Thom Yorke \\"seduction song\\" feel to it. It has one of the few easily accessible hook-y melodies on the album. \\"Lotus Flower\\" also has a strong melody floating over a beat-heavy soundscape. \\"Mr. Magpie\\" dates from 2000 or 2001 apparently, and its (relatively) more straightforward melody makes it probably the most accessible song on the record.<br /><br />The only real issue I have with this record is the sequencing. \\"Bloom\\" is a good track, but it isn't a strong opener. I feel \\"Mr. Magpie\\" should have had that honor, with Bloom being placed somewhere in the middle; maybe before or after the instrumental \\"Feral\\".<br />I've heard a lot of complaints about the packaging, but honestly, I download most of my music from amazon, and when I actually do buy a cd, the case gets tossed in a box in the closet, so it really doesn't matter to me. Besides, Radiohead has an awesome website with plenty of related artwork and stuff I can copy and download if I want.<br /><br />This isn't going to be one of Radiohead's classic albums like 'Ok Computer', 'Kid A' or 'In Rainbows'. 'The King Of Limbs' is a snapshot of a band that's still experimenting after 20 years together. It's weird, difficult, and rewarding, but you gotta give it a chance, because it's worth it. It just takes a while to grow on you.still experimenting after 20 years together. It's weird, difficult, and rewarding, but you gotta give it a chance, because it's worth it. It just takes a while to grow on you.
B002VWNID6|4.0|I adore medieval history and own a number of movies set in this time period. I have a special love for the Robin Hood story. I own every movie version as well as several TV versions including the full set of the BBC \\"pagan\\" series. The Costner version is definitely a \\"Hollywood\\" version, with a focus on the humor. That being said, and I enjoy it a lot.<br /><br />In Prince of Thieves, we have a deliberately multi-color version of the story, and I don't mind that at all. I enjoy the new twist on things. Morgan Freeman joins in as the \\"wiser\\" infidel who introduces the backwards English to the wonders of telescopes. In the beginning Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, playing Marian, is a kick-butt independent woman. By the end she's shrieking for help and Robin has to save the day. Alan Rickman, the Sheriff, is absolutely brilliant with some fantastic lines.<br /><br />Is it entirely authentic? No, and again, that's fine. It's a modern retelling for a modern audience, bringing the important meaning to life in a new way. It's like retelling Romeo and Juliet in the streets of New York City. We get heroes that more of the audience can relate to, and villains we can all root against. Geraldine McEwan's witch character is delightful, and a perfect foil for the Sheriff.<br /><br />If I have complaints, they're not about the Costner accent, which I understand was scrapped due to their frantic pace to get out before the Bergen version did. I adore the Bergen / Thurman version, so there was definitely a stiff competitor being presented there. Instead, my complaints are more with Costner's acting. There are several scenes where he attempts to give a sense of \\"realism\\" by running or jumping - and he ends up panting like he's about to collapse and barely able to get his lines out. That doesn't give me the sense that he's the athletic Robin Hood - just that he's a not-in-great-shape actor. I wish he would have just cut the scene so he could do the running, recover, and then do the speaking. His desire to be \\"in the moment\\" inflicts more issues than it could possibly solve.<br /><br />They're a mite heavy handed about the whole \\"infidels are brilliant\\" angle. I realize that people from the Middle East were denigrated for centuries and deserve a fair shake, but Costner went a bit overboard.<br /><br />It always bugs me that Marian has such a strong, powerful start, and then falls fairly quickly in the \\"I need a man to help me\\" role that women so often get stuck into in movies.<br /><br />Still, this all balances against some scenes that are simply priceless. The spiraling of the couple down from their treetop town. The Sheriff scrubbing away at the scar painted on his statue. The spoon! There are so many little touches here that are pure delight.<br /><br />Well recommended - just treat it as a fun take on the Robin Hood legend, and don't get too obsessed about medieval accuracy.ing. His desire to be \\"in the moment\\" inflicts more issues than it could possibly solve.<br /><br />They're a mite heavy handed about the whole \\"infidels are brilliant\\" angle. I realize that people from the Middle East were denigrated for centuries and deserve a fair shake, but Costner went a bit overboard.<br /><br />It always bugs me that Marian has such a strong, powerful start, and then falls fairly quickly in the \\"I need a man to help me\\" role that women so often get stuck into in movies.<br /><br />Still, this all balances against some scenes that are simply priceless. The spiraling of the couple down from their treetop town. The Sheriff scrubbing away at the scar painted on his statue. The spoon! There are so many little touches here that are pure delight.<br /><br />Well recommended - just treat it as a fun take on the Robin Hood legend, and don't get too obsessed about medieval accuracy.
B004H3C2TI|5.0|My three children love this movie, especially my three yo. son. Watching this on Bluray is fascinating.  Pixar really did a super job with the textures. For us adults, hearing the well known voices of John Goodman, Steve Buscemi and Billy Crystal make it all the more fun.
B000PMLFRA|3.0|Well I was going to jump on this for $29.99 BUT as I decided to look at the reviews I decided NOT to make the jump.  I like MANY others want these movies just like they were released in the theaters......  no extended scenes or added special effects.  With that said if George Lucas wants my money he's going to have to relase them on bluray.
B004QX07G4|3.0|Nothing really exciting nor spark any special moment. Just regular humor, jokes and basic understanding of the reality. A good book to kill time when you are bored and nothing else to do. Was expecting something better because I do like her but unfortunately is only mediocre materials.
B005OLF6BI|4.0|Just a note that the DVD (or Blu-Ray if you purchase it from the retailer offering that exclusive) is not subtitled or closed captioned.   On the bright side, I know all the songs anyway, but I would have liked to know the dialogue. It's basically the entire Speak Now show, which I enjoyed immensely.
4805311193|4.0|The author of 'Shinsengumi', Romulus Hillsborough, is regularly criticized for his dry writing style and poorly worked out theories. It seems unlikely that Hillsborough has any training in history whatsoever. His book on Ryoma Sakamoto, in fact, is miscatagorized as 'history' (it is 90% dialogue, and the average reader will be able to spot it as historical fiction within four seconds of opening the book). 'Shinsengumi: The Shogun's Last Samurai Corps', however, is a very interesting read. By focusing on one historical period, Hillsborough not only fills a gap in available Japanese history literature in English, he is also able to avoid the 'long tradition' sameness of most collections of samurai tales. The samurai in this book, though often less than admirable, are therefore much more real than most.
B0068TJLSY|1.0|I tried to cancel my order before I watched it but I guess you can't do that. From the reviews that I read, I wasted money on a movie that I didn't see. Seems to be a good movie for children from what I read.
0847835073|5.0|Monica and the photographs are amazing, thats all i can say and need to say. I f you like this actress and model it is a beautiful book.
1451627289|5.0|I loved it.  Couldn't put it down.  Stephen King does it again.  Ihave always been intrigued by the Kennedy assassination and this story was fun.
B004EPZ07U|1.0|The movie was great.  5 Stars  Dealing with the UltraViolet Digital Copy has been a nightmare.  I could not download the movie, the worst customer service ever.  I may not purchase anymore movies that require me to access an UltraViolet Digital Copy account.
B0001I561E|5.0|I love this movie and so does my little cousin.  He has about worn it out already.  We watch it regularly.  We sing all the songs!
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Great fun. Hard to stop playing .. like a large PSP  and as the fire is back lit you can play in the dark.
B0030IIZ4M|5.0|My 2 year old absolutly loves all 3 of these movies, as well as my 11 and 7 year old nieces :)
B005HSL626|1.0|the day I got it and aged this game. it crashed. my new kindle fire took hours to fix the darn thing!!!
B0051ERJBI|4.0|for fans of thrash and heavy metal, buy this album...if you are into at the gates you need to buy this...its extremely good to hear lindberg in a new band and with the like s of shane embry, talk about amazing...
1451648537|5.0|Steve Jobs by Walter Isaacson offers an insight into the greatest marketing mind of this century.<br /><br />While reviewing the book, it's difficult not to review Steve Jobs' life. The mastermind behind Macs, iPhones, iPads, iPods, and more, Steve had a complicated life at home and at work.<br /><br />Steve's strengths inspired the meteoric rise of Apple to become the most valuable technology company in the world. Focusing as much on the user experience as the hardware, Steve's attention to detail and perfectionism helped grow a passionate, dedicated userbase. Initially positioning Apple as the rebels (see the 1984 advert) and targeting those that \\"Think Different\\", Apple grew to become the mainstream, the norm, and (at a push) \\"big-brother\\" like.<br /><br />Their legendary marketing  and strong branding (simply white) helped them maintain their reputation as cool, their products desirable and \\"must have\\", despite high prices and a walled-garden environment. While reading this book won't make you a professional marketer, it will help you understand the marketing decisions made for each product.<br /><br />Having been hand-picked by Steve to write this book and with unique access given to interview Steve and his inner circle, you would expect Walter Isaacson to tone down Steve's darker side. He doesn't. We see Steve abandon a daughter, deceive his colleagues, insult those around him and hurt the ones he loved. Even growing older and with illness, Steve showed no signs of mellowing, even blaming the same doctors that helped save his life for allowing him to become ill (after Steve turned down a stomach pump that could have stopped the illness).<br /><br />Before reading the book I disliked Steve Jobs' business practices (I'm a fan of open, not closed, technology). With greater insight I'm left feeling sorry for a truly conflicted individual that, while working at  \\"intersection of the humanities and science\\", lost much of his humanity along the way.
B004J4WLB4|5.0|This book intrigued me because I first heard the author being interviewed on public radio in my area, Sacramento. I love flowers and I was interested in her subject matter,an 18 year old leaving the foster care system. Almost everyone these days knows a person who either was in the foster care system or was in it themselves so I thought to myself, \\"I'd like to read about this!\\" I am very busy with so many other things in my life that I read very few books a year so I tend to choose my books carefully as to not waste time or money.....so all that said.....I have to say that this book has impacted my life for the better!   I have told about 3 people a week to read it, all women, and I'll bet they get it because I am so enthused about it!  I have it on my Kindle,(which I really love!)and  I took it everywhere with me until I finally finished it! I could not put it down! Love,love, loved it...it really gave me a compassion for foster children,even if they are not abused, and by the way..... some of the proceeds she (the author) is donating to a non-profit for the kids who cycle out of foster care! You will really really enjoy this book!
B0065NAKRO|2.0|too many forced close does not play well the game just stops does not respond like it should too bad it seemed to have potential
B001OGWY1W|5.0|There is not much to say other than this may be the best movie ever made.  One of the best villain roles ever portrayed.
B000CDINOK|2.0|The DVD is advertised as \\"REGION/ PAL 0\\". The dvd I received is a region \\"2\\" which is out of region for me. The dvd came in perfect condition though. So sadly now I have to purchase and region free external drive.
1400052181|5.0|The author brought life to this book with her creative and diligent research.  The book is a rich ethnography of the Lacks' family and the world of medical research.  Each had its own path with both ongoing and complicated relationships with one another.  A reader has the opportunity to think and learn.
B004HO6I2E|3.0|If you haven't grown tired of watching movies where people trade places, i.e. their brain in someone elses body, then you haven't been watching enough movies. Tom Hanks gave us perhaps the best of these movies. In this version it is \\"married man\\" swapping with \\"college buddy\\" although they have known each other since the third grade. I watched the unrated version. They wish for each others life while urinating in a park fountain...which is gone the next day and no one knows where it is at!!!! At least until Vic ( city official) gets back off vacation. Ryan Reynolds plays Mitch who is an actor...but now has trouble playing a lawyer. Dave (Jason Bateman) is a lawyer married to Leslie Mann. They have twins. He suddenly becomes a single man. Their goal is to try to get by day by day until they can locate the magical wishing fountain. Of course this doesn't last for one minute as the lawyer has turned into an f-bomb throwing idiot, and we find out Mitch stars in soft-core films or lorno (light porno) as they are called in the movie.<br /><br />When the movie is not being crude and sophomoric, it works fairly well. The guys get to see how others view them, for better or worse. Mitch discovers he is way too juvenile and needs to grow up. Dave discovers life is more than status. The extras include a deleted scene and a gag reel not worth the view. Not as good as either \\"Hang Over\\" film, more akin to \\"Hall Pass.\\"<br /><br />Excessive F-bomb, sex, toilet humor, nudity (Leslie Mann, Mircea Monroe, Taaffe O'Connell, Olivia Wilde? brief body double?)
B000RH0C8G|5.0|This book is well written. It reads very easily. If you like baseball you will like this book. Highly reccomend for others to read.
B004ZN9OTG|5.0|If you are a Floyd fan you will appreciate the albums that brought them to their creative cresendo. A must have.....
0766631737|5.0|Frankenstein is one of the great classics of horror literature.  Wanting to overcome death and disease, Victor Frankenstein seeks to create life.  In the process he builds a monster from graveyards and slaughter houses.  The monster comes to life and wants to be loved.  However, the monster's unpleasant appearance makes it difficult for others to show compassion.  The only person who offers any sort of kindness is blind.  The monster eventually stalks and torments its creator.  Ironically, Frankenstein loses some of his loved ones at the hands of the powerful monster he created.  Though this version is an adaptation designed for younger readers, it is still a powerful and compelling story.  The book concludes with a short biographical profile of Mary Shelley.  Highly recommended.
0790744295|5.0|I've always loved this movie, it keeps you watching, its scary, gory and interesting all at once, its a must see in my eyes.
0385340540|1.0|Pointless and stupid to the max. Perhaps a great story teller without a story,  is the only excuse I can fathom for this complete and total waste of time.
B004ZN9UZO|4.0|This is one of those albums that people don't understand. This is more a treatise of polictics and politicians and should be just experienced from start to finish without interruption. Like \\"Dark Side\\" it takes you somewhere, and makes you think. So just let it....
0865478570|5.0|The translator of \\"Life a User's Manual\\" writes with conviction about the huge field of phenomena that are collectively known as translation - a work by no means to be missed. Tolle, lege!!<br /><br />As a Joyce fiend I regretted there was no discussion of the two French translations of Ulysses, and how the 2004 many-handed translation of the novel was needed after the Joyce-approved earlier one. Also that mention of how the early translations into French of parts of Finnegans Wake by such as Beckett have been eclipsed by the tour de force of Philippe Lavergne's had found no room in these pages.<br /><br />As a seiziemiste I thought an intercalary page could have been there to indicate where M A Screech's translations of both Montaigne and Rabelais had altered the landscape of literature for English readers.<br /><br />These observations are trivial and captious motes in the sunshine of my gratitude that the book has been written and published. It deserves more than a coterie success.
B0000509C4|4.0|The stories in this movie are pretty good, they can be a bit scary and also have humor in them in there own little way.
B0052UZIFA|4.0|I love this game. It plays perfectly but why does the game look like mud? Please fix the resolution on this game. It seems optimized for a 2.5 inch screen and they simply blew it up to accommodate bigger screens. Other than that this is easily one of the most addicting games available for Android.
B004ZNA5JO|5.0|A lot of people forget about this album but it is not to be missed. This is great Floyd and carries on the great writing of David Gilmore. The band still had power, imagination, and much to say....
B004LWZW42|1.0|Not worth buying. Despite appreciating the original X men, this modern take is twisted with subtle liberal themes.This films script speaks for itself.    \\"Mutant and proud\\"  You be the judge. It is time to stop accepting this false comparison.  Strictly a review of the film not the product.  Although it does has so nice music.
B0015AARJI|5.0|Nothing bad can really be said about these controllers, the battery life and ease of use are perfect, never had an issue with them or problems with it turning off.
B00004TJKI|5.0|Thank you! It was fast and direct shippment. It was faster than expected   I appreciate yourhelp and wish you good luck in the futre
B004ZN9W5M|5.0|This is an incredible piece of music mastery. The band reached its pinnacle from the release of the Dark Side of the Moon throught The Wall. It is another journey through the mind of Waters and a nust have in any collection of great music.
B004EPYZPS|5.0|There is no doubt that this movie was made in honor of Steven Spielberg.  J.J. Abrams and his co-horts say it in so many ways during their commentary and throughout the featurettes.  Set in a small Ohio town in 1979, a group of pre-teen friends set out to make their zombie movie on a super 8 camera. While filming near the train station, a truck plows onto the tracks and causes the entire train to derail. This train was carrying a life-form. A life-form that is captured on their film.  While the military come in to contain the situation, the kids discuss what they are going to do.  The movie is trademark Abrams - so many lens flares - with a strong mix of Spielbergian storytelling - focus in on a group of people thrown into extraordinary circumstances.  Kyle Chandler does a fantastic job as the town's deputy. The other actors keep the interest between peeks at the creature.  Speaking of the creature, you never really get a good look at the thing. Even at the end, when you typically get the full views of monsters, things are kept in the dark. And that is because the monster really isn't the point of this movie.  There are critics who didn't like this movie because they thought it would be something akin to Cloverfield instead of focusing on kids. But this is a fulfilling movie in the spirit of when making movies and watching them were fun.  This is such a good movie. Like the Goonies, this one will be quoted for a long time.
B0051CSIKQ|5.0|Few things in the movies today please me more than genre busting flicks and this one rises quickly to the top of my favorite list.  Here we have undead creatures that combine the gruesomeness of zombies with the blood lust and physical prowess of vampires.   Given the grimness of our ecomony, an ever burgeoning distrust of our political leaders by a nation screwed over by greed and powerlust, Stake Land, with its almost biblical allegorical qualities is poised to strike a chord that may reach beyond only just horror audiences.    It's difficult not to draw comparisons with the television hit \\"The Walking Dead\\" as much as with Cormac McCarthy's The Road - and with a bit of his earlier \\"Blood Meridian\\" thrown in for good measure.    Through classic, linear lines the story is narrated through a series of voiceovers by its protagonist, Martin (Connor Paolo), a teenager who, as they prepare to escape and move north witnesses the brutal massacre of his entire family by the.  Saved by \\"Mister\\" (Nick Damici - who co-wrote the screenplay) the two take to the road in search of New Eden (Canada) holding on to a desperate hope that something resembling normality will be found across the border.  In short order, we watch as Martin learns to fight, and the script's well-written voiceovers (all from Martin's point of view) provide background, commentary (sometimes on the obvious) and are beautifully delivered by young Mr. Paolo.  In classic road movie (or Wizard of Oz) fashion, the pair expands into a trio (with Kelly McGillis), then quartet (Sean Nelson) and eventually a quintet (Danielle Harris) as they search for food and fend off vamps.  Along the way, survival becomes further compromised as we meet The Aryan Brotherhood - a group of religious wack jobs led by Jebedia Loven (Michael Cerveris, dripping with evil) who, in a strong nod toward the kooks who explained AIDS as God's vengeance on a world lacking their personal morality, have discovered creative ways to use the vampsto further their twisted mission.    The film is clearly not going to appeal to certain horror/vampire film fans, what with its unrelenting severity of tone, understated acting, and offbeat, original chamber music style score by Jeff Grace, but that's their loss as director, Jim Mickel, art directors  Michael Ahern and Beck Underwood along with cinematographer Ryan Samul have given us a horror flick that is at all times visually stunning and emotionally charged by an enormous heart and done this without skimping out on delicious amounts of blood and gore.  A remarkable, beautiful movie.
B005ARYEY6|5.0|This is a must for any Miles or jazz fan.  Fine sound quality, creative stuff.  What an incredible library of music this man put together in his lifetime.
B004ZN9NCY|5.0|Must have. Listen over and over and you begin to sense what these incredibly talented band became. What was it that grew out of the earlier work that allow them to become one of the most creative bands in music history. Grab this one.
0898159156|5.0|THE SAVAGE GARDEN is a basic text for those interested on growing carnivorous plants. In other texts about carnivorous plants, D'Amato's book is frequently described and cited by their peers as an excellent book about cultivation, if not the best. The reputation of THE SAVAGE GARDEN comes from two remarkable aspects, its completeness and its expertise. The first part of the book includes a description of the basics about cultivating carnivorous plants. Basics such as watering, soils, dormancy among others. After that, the second part of the book answers one of the basic questions that probably all cultivators have at some point, where to grow them. Finally, the core of the book is conformed by several chapters dedicated to review each genera of carnivorous plants. D'Amato's experience in cultivation is restricted to California's climate, however, the completeness of the book is easily appreciated when you give a look on the summary about cultivation provided at the end of those chapters dedicated to review each genera. Those summaries provide information about soil recipe, watering, light, climate, whether the plant is a good candidate for bog gardens, greenhouses, terrariums, windowsills or outdoors, as well as information about feeding, fertilizers, pests, diseases and propagation. Something more you need to start with? Probably not.  The second remarkable and valuable aspect of THE SAVAGE GARDEN is that the text is notoriously written in first person. THE SAVAGE GARDEN is not a theoretical review, it is the  product of several years of personal experience on cultivation. D'Amato's book is the result of all those years of passion and experience cultivating a SAVAGE GARDEN.
0316017922|5.0|I have read several of Malcolm Gladwell's books and really enjoyed this one. This book gave a fascinating perspective at how many great people of our time effectively used the opportunities set before them - combined with lots of hard work - to accomplish incredible things. I was especially motivated by his explanation of attaining mastery in one's field. As a student of human psychology, this look at some remarkable people of our day was very insightful.
