B00004Y6TQ|5.0|By now, we've all come to expect unusual and uncompromising music from Bjork.  And she consistently delivers in both of those areas.  Well, her albums are not so unusual... maybe we just haven't caught up to them yet. Nevertheless, Selmasongs, even if it's only seven songs at 32 minutes, is just as an intense listening experience as you're going to find anywhere.<br />Though there are harsh, mechanical sounds littered throughout, they are rendered quite human by Bjork's voice.  The music itself seems at times like it is duetting with her (never mind that she has an ACTUAL duet with Radiohead's Thom Yorke).  This album is not in any way a stopgap, something to keep fans happy until a REAL album comes out.  No, this is as essential as any of her other albums; an example of her evolving music style.<br />Keep in mind that while it's not necessary to have seen Dancer In The Dark to enjoy and appreciate Selmasongs, it does give you a better understanding of what the songs mean... to see the context in which they were used.  And I will say that having seen the movie, the songs have had a more emotional impact on me.<br />And what about the songs?  Well, first of all there's the Overture, a common device in mucicals, which is a great way to start off the album.  Short and sweet, it serves its purpose and bows out gracefully to make room for the other songs.  It's followed by Cvalda, an inventive number which has Bjork scat singing amid the mechanical clutter and even has Catherine Deneuve chiming in.  I've Seen It All is the Thom Yorke duet and though not a Radiohead fan, this works for me.  It's melancholy but not pessimistic.  Scatterheart sounds like a more traditional Bjork song (whatever that is).  The next one, In The Musicals, is probably my favorite.  It's heartbreaking and uplifting at the same time.  107 Steps, thought by some to be filler, is more like a nice two minute vacation away from the rest of the album.  And the final track, New World, is the perfect wayto end things.  Very inspired singing by Bjork.<br />My only gripe is the exclusion of Next To Last Song.  Why why why leave this off?  I'm sure they had their reasons (possibly for fear of giving away any part of the story) but still, Selmasongs could have been that much the better for it.  I also would have liked to have seen her rendition of My Favorite Things included as well, but what can you do?  And the versions of songs on the album are different than the ones as heard in the movie, but I like them both, so I'm fine with that (besides, I'll be getting the DVD when it comes out).<br />So what it all comes down to is: do you need Selmasongs?  Well, if you're a Bjork fan, I'm preaching to the choir.  If you have a passive interest in her music, it might serve you well to try this album, though it's certainly not where I would start.  If you've never heard a single Bjork record at all, try Debut.  If you like it, simply work your way up.  I personally find Homogenic her most rewarding, and Selmasongs seems like the next logical step in terms of her music.  Enjoy!
B000002MTR|5.0|This cd has so many good songs, as do all of their albums. There are maybe 2 songs on this cd that arent spectacular, but the rest are just filled to the max with cool little guitar rifts here and there that add up and make the perfect. Transcending is a great song up until the part when it gets all crazy and distorted, but you still get a good 3 and a half minutes of good stuff on it. The guitar in this song is great, and the parts inbetween the vocals where the guitar does that cool thingy is great and gets stuck in ur head, in a good way. GET THIS CD!!! Oh, and i'm not just being a stupid fanatic that is obsessed with the rhcp and is trying to be heard by all. Trust me, it is a great cd, good for all moods, it also has the soft stuff that you can just relax to. Umm, well, that's about all that i can say to convince you that this is probably their best album, so, feel free to e-mail me if u have any questions or whatever for me, concerning the rhcp that is.
B00003CX6P|5.0|I just read the previous review, and it's very incorrect. Which leads me to believe that people don't pay enough attention to this movie... and it should also be watched more than once. I'll admit, the first time I saw RIPLEY I didn't like it that much. It was okay... but long and strange. But after seeing it a few more times, I wanted to own it and show it to everyone. Obviously, from the report above, people miss important things. Because everything people have stated WRONG about the move is unture. For example, the above questioning of why reporters weren't around and why police weren't wary... well, all that was in there. Just forgotten about because it's such a long movie. Have patience. Don't watch it on a night when you know you're not in the mood to think and take in everything. You really need to get into the mindset of the character - and understand why he does what he does. Otherwise you'll be like me the first time and think it wasn't worth the few hours. AND NOW I OWN IT! :)
B000002AGN|5.0|There are enough reviews here that I don't need to on at length. It is simply undeniably a must-have jazz album.
0440219078|5.0|My own personal grudge against the book comes from the extent of the writing profession, and how it beared so scary and remarkable a resemblence to one of my unpublished ramblings into the SF genre.  I had plans of doing a novel where all emotion is stripped away, set in a world much like THE GIVER.  Then when I read it, I was somewhat concerned for my own work.<br />Anyway, this is often comparted to a children's 1984.  Yes, while it does bear resemblance to 1984, this book is wonderful on its own terms.  The story is the world has been taken down into a utopia, a place with no crime and no feeling, no true feeling.  The family establishment is essentially nil with no sexuality at all (this resembles the dominant theme in my own work).  Birth Mothers are the source of the population, though it does not give the identity of the fathers.  Work and family comes about by selection.  Jonas, the hero, has been selected to be the Reciever of Memory.  It is here he realises how shockingly sterile and devoid of beauty his world truly is.  The ending, somewhat vague, rewards the reader by not giving away to much detail.<br />For those readers who will be travelling on to Orwell after this, go to ANIMAL FARM, my own personal favorite, and then 1984 for when they're older.  <br />Like all good children's literature, this book deserves to be read by both adults and children alike. Bravo Lowry!<br />Other significant works by Lowry: Number the Stars.<br />Mike London
0385486804|4.0|A guy, who changed his name to Alex Supertramp, left everything that he had, even his own family and made his way to his new adventure- to the Alaskan wilderness. The courage that he had was a marvelous act compare to thousands of people in this world. He just didn't believe in his own vigor but he also think that nature is not harmful. Afterwards, that's what he underestimate his own strength. He eventually died because of starvation. But what actually was on his mind? If you really want to know the answer you can find it in the book \\"Into the wild\\" By Jon Krakauer.
0385486804|3.0|\\"Men a Woman are free, but they have be responsible for their own actions and they have to accept the consequences that these actions can bring\\". Christopher Johnson McCandless walked into the deep in Alaska, trying to archive his goal, to make a dream come true. He left everything, his car, his family, his own future, only because he wanted to know how far he could go. And he did it, he died knowing how far he went, and also trying to go back the time, because he realized that all the thing that he left, were more important that his own stupid dream. In my opinion, Chris was a good kid, I admire him, because he had a strong temperament, and I like that kinds of people, but sometimes we have to control our self because we can do stupid things, as Chris did.  I recommend this book, for those people who like adventure stories and true stories. I make me think how far a kid can go only for archive his goal, and the consequences that you can have.
0688170528|5.0|Jodi Picoult is an amazing writer. The book was so real. I felt as if I were in the story with the characters possibly as a by-stander to everything the jail- the suicide. The book really helped me think about our society today and difficult life really is when you're all alone.
B00000IAU3|5.0|I know that she got recognized here in the States for that bit on the Eminen song from her song &quot;Thank You,&quot; and though that is a wonderful song, I have to admit it is the worst song on this cd!  Her music is THAT GREAT!  This is the first time that I have ever listened to a cd and felt so moved and touched and IN COMPLETE AWE!  She is an amazing artist and singer!  I have never heard anything so pleasantly depressing as &quot;Here with Me,&quot; &quot;My Lover's Gone,&quot; &quot;Honestly OK,&quot; and &quot;Isobel&quot;, or so delightfully angry as &quot;Don't Think of Me&quot; and &quot;My Life&quot;.  She can even believably sing an uplifting and amazing &quot;Take my Hand&quot;.  Ever single song on this cd is my favorite.  Every song has magical music and heartfelt, moody lyrics.  She sings with emotion and heart.  I feel the songs, I don't just listen to them.  I listen to this cd more than anything I have, and would be crazy if I didn't say that eveyone in the world needs Dido.
B00003CXFU|4.0|Any film dealing with two persons winning a case against a big company is worth doing in this world we live in .This is not a great directorial job from SODERBERGH, but usually a social intented story don't make a great film anyway.The important here is that JULIA ROBERTS gets the chance to play a different part and she does it well ,proving to the world that she has become an actress.ALBERT FINNEY provides a good supporting acting job.JULIA should keep all the clothes she wore in that movie;it might serves her well with producers in a few years.
6303593666|5.0|This movie was fantastic! It highlights what the nazis and Hitler were really like. Hitler cast a spell on me and his speeches were absoloutly mesmerizing. When you watch this be prepared to witness history as you take in breathtaking scenes of the power this man had on his nation. Truly a masterpiece and in my opinion the greatest movie of all time.
B0000399WI|5.0|The first time I saw this movie, I knew that it would be a classic. There was a magic surrounding the creation of this piece of artistry that can only be marveled at. I have seen it probably five or six times, and each time I see it, a deep sense of contentment comes over me, and I remember that being alive means having hope. I really feel that this movie being created is a miracle and a gift to the human race.  YES, it is THAT good!!!
B0000024Z7|5.0|The first time I heard selections from this album, I loved it. That was when it first came out in 1972. I am listening to it right now, and I love it just as much as I did when I first heard it. Although musician friends of mine have complained that it doesn't rock as hard as Santana's first three albums, I find the music gorgeous and very spiritual. This album is not about rocking out, it's about finding inner spiritual meaning and tranquility. Viva Santana!
B00004X01U|4.0|I'm not a big Madonna fan.  In fact, there was a period in her career where I didn't like anything about her. However, the lady deserves a lot of credit for having the courage to explore new avenues.  The moment I heard &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; I knew it was something special.  No, it isn't some fantastic piece of music and it has more than its fair share of techno experimentation; But there is something magnetic and magical about this CD.  A bold move for any other artist perhaps, but not for Maddona.  A blend of sexy and sweet that isn't over the top.  The CD is worth buying just for the track &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot;.  There is no question that Madonna has more than her share of tallent, whether you appreciate her style of music or not.  I don't think we should over look the fact that perhaps one of her greatest tallents is to &quot;Make Like A Chameleon&quot;  This CD is different from the Madonna most people are use to and that's refreshing.
0525945636|1.0|It's rather sad to see a once-grand author deteriorate.  &quot;Code to Zero&quot; is really poor work; almost painful to read.  Like a vacuous, poorly conceived, wholly illogical soap.  Advise to avoid so you can remember more clearly the fine early work of Follett.
0525945636|2.0|...and I wanted this to be good.  I am fascinated by the idea of a man waking up and having no clue who or where he is.  It started out great, but at some point turned into a series of car chases and simplistic dialogue.  Hard to believe this is the same author who wrote Pillars of the Earth.
B00004YRQA|5.0|My 3rd review:<br /> You have to have this to save any game on this system, so if you don't buy it with your system (or your first game) you wont be able to save anything, so you have to buy it, also this does work very good, mine has never erased or had an error on it so I would recomend the PS2 virsion, but if you feel safe with an off brand then that's fine too.<br />Thanks for reading! Anthony's review list: Smuggler's run, Kessen, 8mb memory card.
0060977493|2.0|The book was well written but the story, itself, was not enjoyable.  Dysfunctional people raising two children who, in turn, are dysfunctional....
B000002UAX|5.0|You may think &quot;Beatles 1&quot; is the greatest thing since the chalupa, but if you want a real meal, buy this CD. The ballads on here are some of the most beautiful songs ever written (Blackbird, Julia) the rock songs some of the most powerful ever written (yer blues, helter skelter) and so much other beautiful singing and playing that still sounds fresh today. Compared to this, Beatles 1 is stale taco meat. Buy music for the ears AND the mind and soul.
B0000011N5|5.0|It seems to me that in 1966 Donovan was already in that special asteral plane The Beatles, Stones, Beach Boys and everyone else was seeking to be. Sunshine Superman and Mellow Yellow were but glimpses of the cosmic landscape Donovan would lay on us in A Gift From A Flower To A Garden. And if that was not enough, the addition of For Little Ones, is as near a perfect compilation of charming English childrens songs, as can be found this side of Atlantis. In a world full of tinkers, magpies, enchanted gypsies and starfish, Donovan resides as the man-child truberdour strumming his guitar and banjo as he sings us all to sleep.
0446310786|2.0|This book was very boring at first, but once I got to the fifteenth chapter, it actually started getting ok. Even though it seemed like a chore to have to read this book for english class and I definately would not put it on my &quot;recommended list&quot; I learned to respect it because of the issues it dealt with. Racism is still an evil today, but it was even more severe in the thirties. This book was written in the sixties, published in 1967, when racism was not regarded as &quot;horrible&quot; and we were on the verge of abolishing segregation, and Harper Lee wrote of these issues before many others did.
0792156684|5.0|I just can't understand how some people can be so dumb, blind, and heartless to mock a movie of this carisma.  What's wrong with these people?  The film &quot;Titanic&quot; is a true director's success.  I admire James Cameron for his commitment to bringing to life the tragic story of the RMS Titanic.  He has introduced the true feeling of the time to millions of people all over the world.  And now, thanks to Cameron, the legend of the Titanic has never been more strongly felt than with the release of this film.  This film deserved every Oscar it received, especially Best Picture.  I think &quot;Titanic&quot; and &quot;Gone With The Wind&quot; make a great couple.
B000002UB3|5.0|Somewhere around track seven this CD turns into one long interconnected medley of pure beatles bliss. This &quot;side two&quot; has been known to change people's lives - it's that powerful. After this the Beatles broke up... listen and you'll know why...you can't top perfection.
B0000542DJ|5.0|Why was Kennedy killed, who beneffited, who had the power to cover it up?  Oliver Stones masterpiece delivers the answers in such a way the film grips you from start to finish. Remastered with new Dolby Digital 5.1 soundtrack and anamorphic picture makes this film better than ever.<br />The second disc helps to quench the thirst for more information.  The deleted scenes (over 30mins worth) are every bit as powerful as the film itself. <br />This is an exceptional film befitting those who were brave enough to speak the truth and those who were killed, because of it.
0792844793|5.0|One of the greatest movies ever made.  A must have for any film lover.  Only the most cynical and moronic critics pan this masterpiece.  Bad reviews from film school dropouts make me sick.  Take your sour grapes and go lambaste Bresson or Godard.  Lynch is the only true artist working in film today and BLUE VELVET marks the pinnacle of his career.
B00004VXF2|5.0|Of all the reviews I have read here, the only ones that make no sense to me are the 3 star ratings.  1 star or 5 stars cuz this album is as black or white as one can get.  This is the other extreme from John Cage's 3:30 (or whatever) of silence.  It is noise.  Noise, noIse, noisE, nOise, noiSe.
B000056VIY|5.0|I was really looking forward to this CD. I loved her first album and was amazed that she actually did a good job on it. Anyway, as you have read before, the album has allot of slows songs, I think, obviously the best song is love dont cost a thing,i mean its still being played on radio stations here. Another track i think will make it big is play, and oh, lets not forget the impressive thats not me, anyone will be impressed with that song! Jennifer perhaps doesnt have the greatest voice, but still she can fit right in with her songs, and make great rythms and beats. So u need not to hessitate on buying this cd.
B0000560RV|2.0|I bought this CD out of curiousity more than anything else.  I rarely purchase cds I've never heard but since this made pitchfork's and popmatter's top 10 lists of 2000, I should really see what it's like.  I like shoe-gazer music and I always have but this cd really left me lost. I know Northerners like epics but in this genre of music, I don't think it works well. The strings were nice, the vocals were nice, background blips and sonic textures were fine also.  I usually enjoy all of these elements when they are used well but I don't think Sigur uses them well.  This didn't sound like new music to me, it's sounded very familiar, not Buffalo Tom familiar, but familiar.  I went from a disappointed listener to a listener comtemplating how much money he'll get for a trade-in at Cheapo discs, since the counter staff wont recognize the band's name. It was fine, really, I'm not dissing it as much as the reviewer who felt manipulated.  I just feel like a sucker who bought into the hype, except the hype came from respectable sources. For me, a person who enjoys indie rock, this was like reading excellent reviews for bands like Gumball, Fifteen, and Crackerbash in 1994, only to listen to the music and within minutes, knowing it was going back into the used cd bin at the store where you bought it. If you want atmospheric music try Flying Saucer Attack.  If you want strings try Rachels.  If you want mood music try Godspeed.  If you want most of these elements done well in music, try tortoise.
B00000J7SS|5.0|Any music fan should add this albumn to their collection.
B00000JPH0|4.0|This movie will appear to die-hard war movie fans since it has lots of realistic action.  The Russo-Finish War is not known by many people; this movie does a good job by showing the viewer how lopsided the numbers were between the two armies.  My only gripe with the movie is the quality of the tape.  Quite often it has a grainy look to it that was annoying.  I could tell immediately that this was not a big bucks US production.
B000003S0I|5.0|Jamie Muir, Crimson's wild Scottish percussionist, entered a monastery soon after making this album.  Perhaps he felt that nothing besides God could surpass this piece of perfection.  This was Crimson's greatest line-up, recorded at a time when a huge audience was prepared to make the effort to appreciate this kind of music.  As drummer Bill Bruford said, Crimson was one of the few bands where you could play in a time signature of 17/16 and still get to stay in a decent hotel.  Almost no-one, short of Radiohead, tries to create music like this any more.<br />The opening track 'Lark Tongues in Aspic Part One' perhaps comes closest, of all studio tracks, to the live Crimson of the time.  (You need to buy THE GREAT DECEIVER to discover precisely what live Crim was.)  It's an extraordinary track, actually a very tight composition, but on the first few hearings, it sounds like a disjointed assembly of unrelated improvised duets and trios.  (You even gets to hear a lark, although the mood of this track is utterly different from Vaughan Williams' 'Lark Ascending'.)  David Cross's violin provides the continuity.  (Why do so few of today's groups use violin?  When I think of Van Der Graaf's Graham Smith, Curved Air's Darryl Way and Eddie Jobson, it seems to be a lost art.  Maybe kids just don't automatically get taught violin in schools any more.)<br />Although not a guitarist, John Wetton was an excellent voice-and-bass replacement for Greg Lake.  I suspect he also composed the more melodic tracks (e.g. 'Book of Saturday') on this epic album.<br />LARK TONGUES IN ASPIC was the first of a brilliant trio of classic albums, consisting also of STARLESS and RED.  None of the single-CD Crimson compilations that I'm aware of contain any LARKS' TONGUES tracks.  And rightly so.  You have to hear this classic album in its entirety.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Superb film and one of the best for this year! Music was both creative and intoxicating. There was actually a well devised plot and a positive moral thread throughout the film.. love of family, duty, honor and strength. Costuming and scenes were realistic. Enjoyed immensely actors Russell Crowe, Richard Harris and Joaquin Phoenix. Phoenix was very intense, troubled and believable. It was great seeing Harris in this dramatic role. Crowe showed excellent acting and athletic ability. The mixture of surrealistic scenes of Elysium were in stark contrast to the realities of the &quot;gladitorial arena,&quot; but added realism to the entire performance. Added features, such as: interview with Hans Zimmer, the musical composer, cut scenes, and the making of the film were an appreciated added touch. This film is a must see and a DVD worth adding to your personal collection.
B000002UVX|5.0|Four of the six songs on here are great Hendrix, though different from what you would expect if you only know Hendrix from radio cuts (&quot;Foxy Lady,&quot; &quot;Manic D.,&quot; etc.).  Here he's in a trio with a drummer who lays down a solid, fat beat, much different from Mitch Mitchell's jazzy fills; and Hendrix just lets loose and wails.  I mean literally, in &quot;Machine Gun&quot; his guitar is screaming with Hendrix' own agony: &quot;Machine gun, tearing my body all apart.  I pick up my ax and fight like a farmer, but your bullets keep knocking me down.&quot;  This is the song, &quot;Machine Gun,&quot; that is the best electric guitar performance I have ever heard, and I feel confident it is the best in human history, and I'm not even exaggerating. When he breaks into it with one high piercing note, that he holds and holds, as it screams, it drills into your soul.  For pain and channeling of energy, compare it to Coltrane; for style, compare it somewhat to the &quot;National Anthem&quot; solo from Woodstock, although that song is slow and fitful, while this solo is a totally coherent and focused five-minute shredding of the psyche.  Anyone who fancies him- or herself an electric guitar soloist must absolutely without question hear this version of &quot;Machine Gun.&quot;  But beware: as a guitar player you may be struck hopeless about your own possibilities, as no less than Mike Bloomfield was, or nearly mad with envy, as Pete Townshend and Eric Clapton were....  Of course it should go without saying: PLAY THIS SOLO AT CONCERT VOLUME.  Jimi will strike you so deep you will cry.
B00000IQC8|5.0|Being an employee of a video store, I've come to this frightening realization that this film was a warning that I would end up being bombarded by the monotonous barrage of stupid questions and not to mention the vast array of cinematic illiterates (Oooh Navy Seals.) This film has given me the desire to vent my frustrations. Apart from that, it's just devillishly funny. This here is Kevin Smith nest egg. His platform onto bigger endeavors into the realm of independent film. Never have I encountered a script writer with such an aggressive wit. I don't know how he manages to make cuss words flow so fluenty from his characters, and supply us with a blunt, direct and surprisingly profound. Name any other comedy that actually probes the pathetic superficiality of the Star Wars trilogy, or has the gall toviolate a corpse at a wake, or even show pride in the insubordination of customer service. I'll face facts, these characters are my heroes. I hope one day to be allowed to spit water into an annoying customer's face. that would be sooooo beautiful. In the mean time I'll revel in this excellent DVD, complete with a ... load of special features. I hope you enjoy it as much as I have. Just remember &quot;Title does NOT dictate behavior.&quot;
B000002UDG|5.0|Really, to do Paul justice, he needs a 2cd set to showcase his best works; plus, since this album was produced (1987), he has written a lot more great stuff, so of course anything after 1987 is not on this album. Of course, a lot of songs that deserved to be on here are not, and maybe some that are on here would have been better left off in favour of other songs. But, as the saying goes, you can't please all of the people all of the time. But the songs themselves do deserve 5 stars, and the 20 page booklet includes all lyrics, and plenty of photos of Paul and Linda. Maybe soon (if not already), there will be a more definative album of his best work, but until then, this is still worth having for any fan of Paul.
B00000K19E|1.0|I gave this movie three stars (all 3 for effects) in a previous review, but I thought I would weigh in one more time.  I am changing my score to counter the flood of five star reviews being given to the Matrix.  All reviews given for this movie read as slight variations of the following:  &quot;great effects and the story is good too!&quot;  EXACTLY.  Effects before plot, style before substance, form over content.  Good sci-fi movies acheive a synthesis of these elements.  The Matrix does not.  It has a half-realized concept and its effects are extremely overdone.  For TRUE classic sci-fi check out 2001: A Space Odyssey, or if that's too &quot;old&quot; for you, try Gattaca or 12 Monkeys.  Oh, and P.S. the acting is not that great. If this is your favorite film, you just haven't seen enough movies.
0385486804|5.0|I have never read something like this before. Into the Wild written by Jon Krakauer it is a very interesting book. When I started reading the very first page it seemed to be a very good book, but now that I already finished it, it is amazing and hard to believe how the author (Jon Krakauer) described the unfortunate life of Chris Mcandless. I truly recommend this book to everyone.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie really hit home to me. I am always searching for the truth in life. Is there anything more important to any of us than trying to find out who we are and why we are here at this time and place. It is always in the back of our minds. We try to escape it for a while by doing mundane (but we think they are important) tasks. We may not all be super-heroes. But this movie helps in an essence for us to live out the fantasy and find the &quot;truth&quot;.   I saw this movie first in the theatre, bought the VHS &amp; when the VCR ate my tape-I went to DVD.When I left the theatre for weeks I had to ponder the meanings. There are so many levels to this movie I had to wonder if my life was a dream. I'm sure Buddha would have thought the same. (I'm not Buddhist) I have seen plenty of psuedo references to other religions in this movie. Wide range!!!And I must say this is one of the best! I was a little hesitant after Johnny Mnemonic (but I think that was more of the fault of the budget running low before the end, didn't get it all as it was intended).   This was NOTHING like it! THIS WAS A MUST HAVE FOR ME AND I HAVE SEEN IT MORE THAN 30X's!!! The DVD has some great extra features!! And even more so if you have a DVD Rom, but if you don't have the DVD-ROM yet it is definetly worth the cost. You will get a lot of use out of it! I have a VCR and a DVD and believe me, if you have a DVD you won't want to risk the tape being eaten!!!
0385486804|3.0|This book Into the Wild is about a young man named christopher Maccandles who couldn't stand to live in a regular world. He went to Alaska into the wild and gave all his posessions to create a new life. Chris could have had the normal life but he wanted something more exciting. Basically this book is about people who met chris and who were interested in him.
B000056PWV|4.0|The solid and stoic Stewart laid up with nothing but his camera, the classy and lovely Kelly and the wonderfully acerbic Ritter make up a small cast hunkered down in an even smaller world, where everything IS subject to scrutiny. Questions arise when a neighbor exhibits suspect behaviour, but are the actions of the neighborly threesome any less suspect ? A terrific change of pace from modern day slasher films, this shows that suspense is always best when it preys on ones' imagination.  Hitchcok scored a big yippee for this jewel !
0385486804|3.0|This book Into the Wild is about a young man named Christopher Maccandles who couldn't stand to live in a regular world. He went to Alaska into the wild and gave all his posessions away and create a new life. Chris could have had the normal life but he wanted something more exciting. Basically this book is about people who met Chris and who were interested in him. I recommend this book to anyone who is interested in wilderness.
B00004T9UF|5.0|... His music is catchy, very well thought up, and is just great! I recommend this CD if u r  a fan of rap, and if u are a fan of rap/rock. thats all i got 2 say, so if u dont like it,...well, poor us&quot;. He even makes remarks about raping his mother.In short he mamages to piss off almost everyone.     The real power of this CD though is how Eminem manages to grab your attention, force you to look past the surface of his lyrics, and then see the deeper message he tries to deliver. Some tracks such as &quot;Who knew&quot;, &quot;Kill you&quot;, &quot;Drug Ballad&quot;, and &quot;B**** please II &quot; are purley fun tracks that are great to rap along to. They also have an outrageously good beat that your car system is sure to love.     Other tracks such as &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot; and &quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; are so outrageous in the way that they manage to offend and piss off everybody that they really are quite hillarious. You're sure to laugh no matter how many times you've listined to them.    The real treasures of the &quot;Marshall Mathers LP&quot; are the tracks in which Eminem deep intelligent messages that are masterfully hidden with his witty, sharp tongue. &quot;The Way I Am&quot; and &quot;Criminal&quot; are raps that speak the truth about the injustice and hypocrisy that are everyday occurences in today's society. Perhaps the best track on the album is &quot;Stan&quot;. It is a creative masterpiece that is strikingly original. It is one of the most deeply thought provoking single heard in years. The track is pure genius.     Eminem writes all of the tracks; showing just how multitalented he is.Eminem delivers guilty pleasure that is as delicious as a hot chocolate sundae.This is a creative masterpiece of a CD that should be in everyone's collection.ss he could get killed by a disgruntled fan belonging to a white rapper fan club from the east coast..or Kim...hmmm..viva Slim-Shady...the end.ative. And how did Tupac  become a musical genius? He was hardly a talented lyricist compared to  underground hip-hop artists at the time. All Tupac had was his thug  charisma and *surprise!* heavy MTV exposure. And Cobain had heavy MTV  exposure too. So a complaint about how the fickle misdirected MTV community  responds to an artist is forfeit.
0385486804|3.0|This book Into the Wild is about a young man named Christopher Maccandles who couldn't stand to live in a regular world. He went to Alaska into the wild and gave all his posessions away and create a new life. Chris could have had the normal life but he wanted something more exciting. Basically this book is about people who met Chris and who were interested in him. I recommend this book to anyone who is interested in wilderness.
0451191153|5.0|This was my first book by Ayn Rand and now I want to read all her books. The author's style of writing is very captivating- all the characters in the book are so real - Howard Roark, Dominique Francon , Ellsworth Toohey, Peter Keating.  While one realises that the world is so full of Peter Keatings and that its not difficult to be a Keating yourself, one admires the character of Howard Roark which though is a little hard to achieve. The author's philosphy that its only Individuals who finally do something exceptional is totally undisputable and has been very well presented in the book. Its a book to read over and over again - worth having a personal copy !
0060920084|3.0|This is a book about Bill Bryon's cross-country road trip across the United States.  This is more a pleasure read than a book to use as a travel reference as he covers so much ground that he has to fly by places and misses quite a bit. <br />He is, as usual, quite funny and very fussy!!  He likes to complain so don't take it personally if he happens to rag on your little town.   I have been to a few of the places he ragged on and actually found them quite pleasant.  Mostly I think he is just looking for humor in places and also for perfection.<br />It is a good book for outsiders considering a trip to the US who can't decide which section of the country to visit.  He covers the East coast, the south, the midwest, the wild west and some of the north.  He drives through, I believe, about 38 states.  He does not visit Texas, Alaska or Hawaii and I think he also skips Florida but I don't really remember. He does hit most major cities and several National Parks.  If you do decide to come, do more research than Bill b/c since he covered so much ground in such a short time he had to miss quite a bit... like if he only saw Times Square and 5th Avenue in NY he missed A LOT(and no wonder he was frightened! heehee).<br />This book was quite useful b/c there are now many new places on my long list of places I want to go!  You will get some good ideas for long weekend road trips if you live in the US or Canada.<br />I only gave this book 3 stars because I gave his other book &quot;A Walk in the Woods&quot;  5 stars and to be fair to that book which I think is even better than this one I could only give this one 3.  But I highly recommend it especially if you are already a Bryson fan.  Bravo Bryson!!
6305810109|5.0|I know the title for this review sounds pretty underwhelming, but I want to stress how much weight the word 'good' means in this case. 1999 gave the audience a troughful of preachy feel good and pretentious message-movies, but 'Straight Story' was the only film that was 'good'. No agenda's or convulated plots, just a simple story of a man and his journey.<br />'Straight Story' is good for so many different reasons. David Lynch is one of my favourite directors, so I am pretty biased in calling him a genius, but this film truly puts his artist's vision on full display. Though much more 'mainstream' (although how could one ever give this label to Lynch) than his other films, 'Story' contains many elements which definately mark this work as his own. Fascinatingly bizarre (yet strangely real and familiar) characters, often odd camera angles and weird dialogue all inhabit this film.<br />Performances by the late Richard Farnsworth and Sissy Spacek are so flawless and dead-on real that they can't even be called performances. Farnsworth is especially touching in the poignant role of Alvin Straight, and I believe will long be remembered to be his best role. <br />Of course, what would a post-'Elephant Man' Lynch film be without the music of Angelo Badelementi? Although quite different from his past masterworks for 'Twin Peaks' and 'Lost Highway', the music he composes still remains beautiful and haunting, a great companion to the visuals Lynch creates.<br />Some people may feel that this film was stiffed at the Oscars. Heck, I'm glad it wasn't nominated for more. Those statuettes could do nothing but tarnish the true gold found in this movie.
0553577123|5.0|The Diary of Anne Frank is a very interesting book!  I recommend it to anyone who is into reading books, diary's, and about history.  It is very neat to actully be able to read someone else's diary without getting yelled at!  So if your in to that, this is the book for you!  It starts off when Anne gets a diary for her birthday.  That is when the writing begins!  She begins talking about things that the Nazi's are doing with Jews: no Jews outside after 8:00 p.m., no Jews are aloud to have bicyles, no Jews are aloud to drive their car, all Jews must wear the Star of David on their clothes, etc.  Then in the mean time her dad is planning their hiding spot for when the Nazi's capture the Jews.  A place not expected, in a hidden attic above his business, where he told people that worked for him that if they heard anything up there it was because there was rats up there.  When the Frank's go into hiding which they call the &quot;Secret Annex,&quot; some of their friends who are also Jews, the Van Dann's, go along with them.  Later they are joined by a man of the name, Mr. Dussel...who let me say in my opinion is not very friendly!  There is very many sacrificies they have to make to save them selves. Two people by the name of Miep and Mr. Krauler help bring them food, clothes, and anything else they need with only 3 ration books!  So they don't get a lot of food since there is 8 people all together!  Well I would like to tell you more but I would rather you read the book yourself because I'm sure you will love it and you won't be able to put it down!  So I hope you enjoy it!
B000002J09|5.0|Don't let the two negative reviews keep you from getting this landmark album. This is one of the all time greatest albums ever released. The production while dated has a unique sound of its own and each track is a classic. This album along with Led Zeppelin II helped define 70's rock and is well worth getting! As for Zep being overated wake up people! It's called supply and demand. People request what they want to hear and without the large influence of Zeppelin modern music would have a giant void. If your interested in the band's music this album is a good starting point. The album is not an easy first listen but give it a chance! You just may be suprised at what you hear.
B000056JYB|4.0|The bonus material added to this edition is good - especially by today's standards, but it still pales in comparison to the original album.<br />The additional songs are okay, and the second CD of jams is pretty good, but simply not &quot;great&quot; - unlike the original album, which is included, of course, in nicely remastered form.<br />Fans of the album, whose budget is not tight at the moment, should enjoy this 2-CD version, especially if they don't have big expectations going in.<br />I give the original album a 9/10, and the bonus material 7/10.
B000002GXS|5.0|This is an Example of topnotch blues from the street, Raw and inspirational, unconventional and uncompromising.. This is music that goes straight to the heart than stays there long after the Cd has stopped... <br />Tom Waits have always had a gift of originality and uniqueness in his music, a Gift that is sorely lacking from modern-day music like Britney Spears and Back Street Boys.. He sings about life in a way that everyone can reckognize and relate to..  I know that I certainly can.. Especially with the song &quot;San Diego Serenade&quot; and &quot;Ghost of saturday night&quot;...<br />All in all well spent money if you like this kinda thing:) and even an interesting buy if you never have heard Tom Waits before..<br />This is a man whose music is truly and considerably down to earth and REAL..
B000002ADT|5.0|This is classic Miles. Recorded in 1959, this recording makes history by being one of Davis' best sellers, and for good reason. Joined with great musicians, such as Coltrane, Adderly, Evans, and Jimmy Cobb, this is no less a masterpiece work. With the easy going &quot;So What&quot; to the moving &quot;Blue in Green&quot; and &quot;All Blues&quot; this CD will make a place in your heart. It is no wonder that many have said this recording is on the list for the best music for romance. What is amazing is the fact that these cuts were &quot;first takes,&quot; and had never been played by the other musicians who were with Miles that day, according to Bill Evans. Miles was a genius, and his music lives on.
6305538018|1.0|This was one of the worst movies I've ever seen. A fan of the strange, this movie hooked me in the first few moments with the Kubrick-esque car escape down back country farm roads. I had hope, but alas. . .horrible acting (yes, even by Jude Law. . .why get rid of that glorious accent?) and a story that Croneneberg thought was so very clever. Bad use of over-gratifying sotrytelling devices, relying on the value of shock over defined characters and what about the stupid twist ending? Give me a break. . .would rate it in the negative if I  could.
B00004TH7Z|2.0|THEY'RE BACK!!!  RIGHT!!!  It's a brave new world a brave new world in a brave new world a brave new world in a brave new world a brave new world in a brave new world a brave new world in a brave new world a brave new world in a brave new world a brave new world in a brave new world a brave new world in a brave new world a brave new world in a brave new world!!!!!!!!!  The next track is even awesomer: We're blood brothers we're blood brothers we're blood brothers we're blood brothers we're blood brothers we're blood brothers we're blood brothers we're blood brothers we're blood brothers we're blood brothers we're blood brothers we're blood brothers we're blood brothers we're blood brothers Hey, guess what? we're blood brothers!!!!!!!!  These two songs are not isolated incidents either. Nine of the ten tracks do this.  The one unique track is &quot;Ghost of the Navigator&quot;.  Not a 'king 'alf bad tune actually.  But I expect more from six of the greatest limey 'eadbangers of the 20th century.  Musically, most of this 'king album sucks!  It's rather like a slow painful re'ashing of their geriatric ninth, tenth and eleventh albums.  Not a return to &quot;POWERSLAVE&quot; (which easily gets 10 out of 10 'king skulls).  They've been going downhill ... since &quot;SEVENTH SON&quot;.  So, unless there's a new &quot;REVELATION&quot;, these guys will endup as a warmup band for SHA NA NA in a Las Vegas lounge show.  I'm 'oping they'll find what it takes to put out another ripping 'king album like back in the day.  I've been a fan since '84/'85. UP THE IRONS!!!! Dargillos Rivothead
0345440757|5.0|This book is the perfect truth for every mother and father's baby dilemma's. Basic, smart, truthful, and  most of all, encouraging.  You have to read through, and focus on the mistakes that you are making at  home, in order to better understand the baby whisperer technique.  This is a modern dissection of baby  care using the natural parenting tools that have been lost from our all to busy lives.  Great read.
B000002BE9|5.0|This is one of the few CD's I can listen to over and over and never tire of.  The songs that have been released for radio cannot be compared to what else is on this ablum.  Her songwriting shows a maturity and understanding beyond her years.  Her ability to create a woven and tangible fabric of emotion is amazing.  She can create a complex scene with her words and send the listener through each emotion as she pleases.  I have had this CD for 4 years and I still listen to it regularly.  I am absolutely in love with this CD.  Fiona is a brilliant songwriter.  If you have only heard Fiona's songs released for the radio, you are in for a great suprise.
B00004XONN|5.0|I can't talk about music like some people can.  I'm not going to compare this album to anything else that has come before or since.  This is, quite simply, the most exciting thing to come along in popular music in a decade or so.  I had never purchased a Radiohead album prior to Kid A, nor had I listened to much popular music at all since 1995 (the year I graduated from high school--after that, it all began sounding the same).  On a whim, however, I bought Kid A.  Two things ran through my mind: 1) This is the course (or this is somewhere along the course) modern rock music needs to take to escape from the boring, repetitive, guitar-drums-bass doldrums in which it has recently found itself (that is not to say that no trio is producing, or has produced any good music in the last decade); 2) I do not know what it is about Kid A that I like so much.  Who knows what it means?  But I don't care.  The music sounds really good and it makes me feel really good.<br />Perhaps it is the teen-angst-ridden, depressive motifs of today's music that have become so tiresome.  Let's get over it.  Listen to Kid A and stop thinking so damn much.  Just feel and enjoy.
B000059Z8J|3.0|I just watched an advance copy of this long awaited WB classic.  The anamorphic image is not stellar.  The negative must be damaged.  There were some nics/scratchs in several scenes.  I wish they used some software to clean up the problems (ala Criterion Collection).  The sound was good, B+.  Some of the split surround effects were a tad over used.  Example: When Lex Luther breaks the glass map of the world, is it necessary to hear the shards falling behind me when the action is in front???  I wish the DVD contained the original audio mix.  The commentary with Richard Donner was very interesting.  He went into a lot of detail about specific scenes and the difficulties he had with the producers.  The 5.1 music-only wasn't so hot (pity).  The recording is a bit dated.  The bass is weak.  I was looking forward to this DVD and I'm a little disappointed.  They should do some more work on this beofre the big release.
B00003CXE7|5.0|&quot;Gladiator&quot; is the most extraordinarily powerful epic I've seen in a long time, in the tradition of such great films as &quot;Lawrence of Arabia&quot; and &quot;Braveheart.&quot;  It is awesome and grand in every sense of the words, as only a Ridley Scott film can be.  Not only is the story poignant and unforgettable, but Russell Crowe's performance as &quot;the general who became a slave; the slave who became a gladiator; the gladiator who defied an empire&quot; is absolutely brilliant.<br />Joaquin Phoenix also gives a powerful performance as the corrupted Ceasar of the Roman Empire.<br />Not only is the scope of the story grand and the acting superb, but the cinematography is just gorgeous.  Never have I seen such action sequences as portrayed in this film.<br />&quot;Gladiator,&quot; simply put, is a powerful epic that will be remembered as one of the greatest films of all time.  It's just extraordinarily and superbly crafted in every area--a genuine masterpiece.<br />The DVD is of the greatest quality as well; a must-have for all DVD collections.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I listened to this about 1/2 doz times--... because I love Aimee Mann (&quot;I'm with Stupid&quot; is a all time fav). I didn't read liner notes at first. Played it for my 11 year old, whose 1rst commnet 5 secs into &quot;Paper Bag&quot; was &quot; this sounds like Aimee Mann&quot;. Why? (3 seconds)-- JON BRION. What a talented and relatively unknown guy he is (although he is up for a grammy for &quot;Magnolia&quot; soundtrack). Smoother than silk with her voice, lyrics that cut right to the chase, beautiful piano work. Immensly talented.  You really should listen a few times to just get the melodies, then plan on sitting down with her words for 2 days. You'll come out changed.  Thank you, Fionna- this is pure art. And thank you, Jon- I'm amazed.  ...
0385486804|4.0|My name is Nicholas Mangini and I am a Senior at St. Francis High School in Mountain View, California.  I had to read this novel for my Contemporary American Authors course.  At first I thought this book would be a chore to read.  In the end, I grew so attached to the emotional value of the book that I didn't want it to end.    The author, Jon Krakauer, guides the reader on an epic voyage that is traveled by a young man named Christopher McCandless.  Chris grew up in a affluent suburb outside of Washington D.C.  One day Chris decides to leave his comfortable surroundings and wants to test his wings in the real world.  The entire novel is dedicated to the mapping of Chris's journey and also the story of all the people that he touched along the way.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoyed The Catcher in the Rye.  Like The Catcher in the Rye, this book has literary nuances that help create a sense of empathy for the main character.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This dark film is one of the best movies I have seen in a long time.  The story is amazing in and of itself.  Brad Pitt and Edward Norton turn in fine performances as the leaders of Fight Club, and Helena Bohnam Carter adds that extra something to the film.  Watch it over and over, you'll keep finding things that mean something, that you may have glossed over before.  There is so much more to this movie than you see the first time you watch it.  Add in David Fincher's wonderful work as a director, the fine cinematography, and the very well done soundtrack by the Dust Brothers, and you have yourself a fine film.
B000003TAB|5.0|Beeswax is probably the best Nirvana song ever, and it accurates represents Incesticide, the best Nirvana album ever.  It's absurd, hilarious, and wild.  It turns feedback into a musical instrument.  Kurt's voice goes every which way, and ever way is right.
0440234743|4.0|The first two chapters of THE TESTAMENT set the stage for what has to be great story.  From the beginning, Grisham leaves an element of surpise, one you can't figure out without reading the book.  A filthy-rich patriarch reads his last will and testament, then immediately commits suicide.  Who will inherit the fortune?  Will all the heirs be found?  How do they perceive the changing of the will?  This story is made more relistic by Attorney Nate O'Riley, and ex-alcoholic, who is giving his all to see that the problems are relsoved quickly, peacefully, and in keeping with the most valid will.  The characters and personalities range from vicious, greedy and selfish to the peacefully sublime.  It's a really good read, but it could have had a better ending.
0141301155|5.0|I love the book and the movie. I just want to ask everyone/anyone {other than Chuck} if they remember the movie being called Charlie and the Chocloate Factory? I do! My family and friends do! Everyone but Chuck remembers that. Let me know what you heard it called in the 70's or 80's please. Thanks!
6305750750|5.0|I can't believe people when I hear the words: &quot;Worst episode ever&quot; &quot;Complete failure&quot; &quot;Above average&quot;<br />The Phantom Menace deals with many different issues that were not so important in the sequels: especially politics, intrigue, corruption all these made the movie so much more interesting.<br />It made the whole story close to reality, how often insignificant events culminate in gigantic proportions.<br />This movie is the one to watch. It has action, adventure and a whole new feel.<br />If you are a fan or not, you have to own this (DVD or video version)<br />It will provide hours of entertainment and edge-of-the-seat action.
B000001Y2U|5.0|Marilyn Manson continues to amaze me with his music. I call him the &quot;Savior&quot; of Rock music. His newest work, &quot;Holy Wood...In the Shadow Of The Valley Of Death&quot; is absolutely amazing and kind of, in a very small way, brings me to discussing this superb, awesome, album. First of all, there is a distinct difference between this album and his most recent one in that he was thinking along very different lines and his life was very different then, than it is now. During &quot;Antichrist Superstar&quot;, he was with &quot;the dark side&quot;, if you will. Now, he has &quot;seen the light&quot; which started with &quot;Mechanical Animals&quot; and continued with &quot;Holy Wood....&quot;. He's awesome! And NO, he's not just for teenagers.   <br />Now let me discuss specifically about &quot;Antichrist Superstar&quot;. This is one of his most awesome albums to date and one of his most awesome albums ever recorded. His voice is all-powerful in this album that it's almost indescribable! One great thing about his music, and he'd hate me for saying this, is that he mixes humor with hardcoreness perfectly. NOBODY else does that. This fact is none more evident than in this album. It's hilarious and HARDCORE at the same time. The funniest song and also one of the heaviest songs in this album is the song 'Angel With The Scabbed Wings'. This song is so hilarious and so heavy at the same time. It's awesome. One of the best songs he's ever made is on this album, too. This is the title track, 'Antichrist Superstar'. It is a progressive song and it's mindblowing. When you listen to this album from beginning to end (which is how you should listen to it, and all of his albums) it's like reading a book. Each song is like a chapter in a book, from one chapter to the next. He is absolutely awesome for constructing his albums in such a strict, rigid, controlling manner like this. It makes for an awesome listening experience. In this album, he is aware that now all of the world is looking at him like he is a rock 'n roll superstar, totally famous, and he doesn't like that and doesn't like himself for that. He even just doesn't like himself, period. He says, &quot;...I wish I was dead.&quot; quietly in one of the songs. He calls himself an &quot;...idiot who will not be himself&quot; in the first song. But this theme about his bad, dumb self dramatically changes in his next album and subsequent (most recent) album. His eerie rock instrumentals and sound effects in this album is absolutely awesome and mesmerizing to me. Marilyn Manson is an incredible songwriter, singer, and musician. Moreover, he trains his band really well, almost excruciatingly well. I would recommend this album to anyone who loves Hard Rock music with humor in it. All hail and praise to Marilyn Manson, even though he doesn't want it.
B000009RC2|4.0|Mahavishnu orchestra were the pioneers in Jazz fusion Music way back in the 70's.No other band could match the sheer power and energy generated by this high voltage band.If you really enjoy Electrifying guitar work and have a taste for hard rock and Jazz coupled with Indian classical music then you should definitely give this album a try.This album crosses various Musical boundaries with utter disdain for conventionalities.The combination of Mclaughlin(guitar),Gerry goodman(violin),Jan Hammer (keyboards), Rick Laird (bass) and Billy Cobham(Drums) was the best the band ever had and together they were Sheer Havoc .There is a certain amount of dissonance and redundancy, but this is easily offset by the exceptional playing abilities of these virtuosos.This album falls behind 'Birds of fire' which I feel is compositionally more superior with lot of fireworks from Billy Cobham.
B0000042H4|5.0|I first heard this recording in 1966 and have heard it a few times since. The singing and orchestra are absolutely first-class. Sir George Solti really excelled himself here. What  a wonderful achievement! Now these recordings have been digitised, they are even better. This sets the standard by which all others must comply.
0375703764|2.0|The book's premise is intriguing and I enjoyed it at first. However, it's pretty hard to sustain interest when you're writing a book about a book about a fictional documentary about a house. Too much attention is given, in my opinion, to the layers of text and too little to the plot. As fascinating as the idea of the house is, you get very little 'pay off' through plot development. The text itself--the arrangement of words on the page--becomes the entertainment rather than the text's content.   Large sections of this book are parodies of academic writing, but for anyone who dropped out of graduate school these parts may seem far too close to the real stuff to be entertaining. It's certainly an ambitious book, but I don't think that it is--or is even really meant to be--an enjoyable read in the way a good novel usually is. Danielewski apparently concentrated his efforts on playing on tedious postmodern ideas about texts and not on actually producing one.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|For everyone that keeps complaining because none of the tracks on Sgt. Pepper are on this, you have to remember that NONE of the tracks from Sgt. Pepper were released as singles therefore *GASP* they could not have hit #1. Sure, tracks like Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds, A Day In the Life and Getting Better could've easily hit #1 had they been released as singles but that was not the intention of Sgt. Pepper. The same thing goes with the White Album. None of the tracks there were released as singles.<br />Having said that, this album is great for anyone who hates or loves the Beatles. Beatle fans will find that the sound quality of this album is slightly clearer and sharper, though it's a shame they didn't remix and remaster the songs the way they did with Yellow Submarine. For people who &quot;hate&quot; the Beatles, you will find that you've probably heard and liked some of these songs but didn't know they were by the Beatles. I lent this to a friend and he was amazed that there were so many songs on this album that he'd heard and liked but he never thought they were by the Beatles.<br />For anyone complaining that the Beatles' work cannot be summed with one album I'll agree with you. Between 1962-1970 the Beatles made 12 albums plus songs that were only released as singles, that is over 200+ songs and though they're all great you can't expect them to put all that into one single album.<br />If you're a new Beatles who bought this and liked it don't stop here. The Beatles have many other songs that are even better than the ones one this album. All the albums from Revolver and Rubber up to Let it Be are pure masterpieces. Not that their earlier work wasn't any good, they were all great, it's just that every single song on everyone of those albums are masterpieces.<br />And lastly for all Beatles fans complaining about how they have every one of these songs already, remember that this album was targeted to newer audiences who don't know about the Beatles yet.<br />So with all that said, this is a great album full of timeless rock &amp; roll masterpieces that will be around 100 years from now. This album is for anyone that enjoys music and how beautiful and fun it can be when you have four guys that put all their effort into it.
B000003C4K|3.0|Kirk of Metallica was a guitarist for this band, they did some damage in their time.  I'm not sure who the guitar players the other guy listed were.
0684853523|2.0|Mr. King knows his parts of speech very well, and he is able to articulate his feelings about his personality and prior problems with alcohol abuse and the demons that haunted him with great flair. However, King's work since 1990 has been a different story, so much so that I have quit reading him altogether. King's dialogue is just plain boring, and not much of it contributes to the backstory or keeps the plot moving. Often, I just give up after reading five chapters of say, \\"Insomnia\\" or \\"Dreamcatcher\\" or \\"Bag of Bones\\" that was banal at best. I need action, I need real suspense, I need to be engaged with what I read--not put to sleep.<br /><br />\\"On Writing\\" is more of a \\"do as I say, not as I do\\" kind of essay, and for that it has merit. Some parts were also amusing, and King tells his own story much better than his fictional characters. It's too bad, though, as the one lesson he did not teach would benefit would-be writers: length of itself is not a plus. Too many pages is a turn off. Say more with less, not less with more.<br />--------<br />I do not view comments, therefore, I do not respond to them.is the goal of all good books.  The journey itself exposes the tools of the knowledgeable writer: subject placement in apposition of the noun, words intentionally omitted, object of the preposition after the verb, sparing use of adverbs and perfect control of adjective placement (e.g., best before the noun it modifies).  &quot;On writing&quot; succinctly touches on a peeve of King's, namely good use of dialog; he disdains poor dialog, and begs the budding fiction writer to avoid telling the reader the obvious.  For example, do not write &quot;His teeth clenched tightly,&quot; for there is no other way for teeth to clench.  King also provides examples of how NOT to write dialog, which are quite amusing--and there you have an unexpected gift of writing well: humor.  That good humor is hard to find these days, always looking for originality, is another reason why my copy of &quot;On Writing&quot; will never see the second-hand store.<P>So, you are being shown how to write without being told you are being shown.  You are learning what's between the lines.  King gives perfect examples in the style alone of the declarative sentence, the balanced sentenced, the parallel sentence and the exclamation (&quot;Whoosh!&quot;), the interrogative (&quot;Which way did he go?&quot; and the mood of the subjunctive (&quot;I feel terrible!&quot;, or &quot;I sat behind that desk for six years with horrid hangovers...&quot;)--all of which are adeptly connected with the ordinary conjunctions of and, but and or--just like the unforgettable jingle commercials in the 1970's (&quot;Conjunction Junction, what's your function?&quot;).  There are many other examples of diction, syntax and style that jump right off the pages which had me saying, upon detection, &quot;Oh!  I get it!&quot;  On and on King and the reader travel, your journey being perfectly controlled by your host, until you arrive at the end of the book, almost unexpectedly.  You will then know just about all you'd need to improveyour writing, whether your genre is fiction or nonfiction.  Think like a writer.  Read Stephen King!  You should then know, once again, that the journey itself IS the lesson.  My absolute highest rating.  For readers 13 and over.  Buy it today!
B000001ELP|5.0|I'm not really a Kiss fan, although I enjoy some of their early recordings.  Kiss always came off like a decent hard-rock band that was in the right place at  the right time in the right makeup. But this album blew me away when it was first released, and on cd &quot;Music From The Elder&quot; packs even more of a punch. Here Kiss attempts orchestral rock not far removed from progressive and/or art rock, and they pull it off incredibly well. Vocally they are still somewhat limited, but musically Kiss have never in my opinion been sharper, and the songwriting is  definitely the band's strongest, most mature and meaningful. Check out 'Just A Boy', 'Odyssey', 'I',  'A World Without Heroes' and the classic Kiss cruncher 'Dark Light' for proof of  this assertion. The album just doesn't falter, even when it probably should, and this is not only due to the band's renewed commitment but to the genius of  producer Bob Ezrin. Had Kiss stayed on this course I would be a Kiss fanatic; as it stands, this is the most unique, original and important album in the long history of a seminal  American band. If you're a Kiss fan &quot;Music From The Elder&quot; may take some getting used to, but for general prog-rock fans, this is a real gem that must be heard.
B000002C1W|3.0|I bought Momentary Lapse of Reason about six months ago.  The only song I had heard so far from the CD was &quot;On The Turning Away&quot; which truly sounds like a Pink Floyd song with the droning guitar and mystic message.  To my surprise the rest of the songs did not sound like Pink Floyd at all.  &quot;Learning to Fly&quot; and &quot;Dogs of War&quot; are good songs, but they do not have the Pink Floyd feeling about them.  Maybe this is because Roger Waters is gone, or rushing of the album, I do not know.  Almost every good band has broken up: Led Zeppelin; Robert Plant, and of course the Beatles.  However I am happy with their next CD, &quot;The Division Bell&quot;, which did, in my opinion, captivate the Floyd feeling, even without Roger or Syd.  Maybe one day Roger can get over himself and will rejoin the band and tour the world one last time.
0451527712|5.0|Forget the Frankenstein from the movies and come read the real story of a man, Dr. Victor Frankenstein, who is a brilliant scientist with an obsession: play to be God, creating a living human being all by himself. God punishes him: when the creature wakes up to life, he turns out to be a horrible monster. Frankenstein is terrified and rejects his creation.<br />And here's where the Gothic tale becomes a true literary work of art. What follows is the tragedy of a creature created by the arrogance and ambition of one man, an ugly yet fully human being. The monster is not good nor bad: he's just plain human. What he needs is affection, love and understanding. But his ugliness and clumsiness provoke that no one is willing to approach him: he scares the hell out of everybody. First, he is sad; then, he is enraged. Here's where the real monster is created: by the hatred and frivolity of other humans.<br />A true Gothic masterpiece, this novel is unforgettable for its message, its depth, and especially for its environment and mood. It is all dark, all cold, all terrifying and all moving. The true monsters are the others, not Frankenstein's creature. But his wanderings around the world are wonderful horror literature. Don't miss this great book written in one night by Mary Wollstonecraft, the young wife of poet Percy Shelley. It is the fortunate result of a bet made by several attendants to a vacation by a lake in Switzerland, Lord Byron included.
B000056VIY|1.0|This does not even deserve 1 star.  Love Don't Cost A Thing is good and catchy, but there is nothing else on that album comparable.  Im Real--sounds like its stolen from Janet Jackson's Nasty and Play is stolen straight from Madonna's Music--she even tells the dj to play the song that turns her on.  The slow songs are the WORST and remind you that she CAN'T SING!!  I would not buy this album unless you are huge fan.
B0000524CY|5.0|I'm an Exorcist fan since the 1973 release. It was my first video in Beta, my first in VHS, Laser, DVD spetial 25th aniversary. Now the new version is as close to perfection as a movie can be. The most remarkable achivement is the remastered sound. The &quot;subliminal&quot; images added to the film makes the house itself part of the possesion. (Like the image in the kitchen when Chris arrives and the mother image in the window at the end) If you take one look at this film from Chris Mcneal point of view, you'll see the perfection of Ellen Burstyn performance and the terrifying experience she's going throug. You dont have to be a beleaver, to understand her desperation and terror. As a cinematographic work, is perfect. The only &quot;But&quot; is the staircase scene, is great, yes, but is better in the &quot;deleted scenes&quot; in the 25th anniversary eddition. Spetially frightening is the new sound sorrounding Karras when Reagan appears as his mother. The rest of the added scenes help to the continuity of the film. I've always thougth &quot;The Exorcist&quot; as a work of art and not as the terror flick many think it is.
0767817486|4.0|It is funny how a citizen of a country which strongly supported the terrorist groups against Turkey for years can come up without being ashamed and criticize it by giving an exaggerated story as a reference!
0385486804|3.0|Hi my name is Ariana O'Connor and I will like to send in a book review to you on the book Into the Wild by: Jon Krakauer. Book Review:  This book is recommended to readers especially at the teenage and adult level, anyone who is trying to discover their identity, and are make the transition from adolescence to adulthood. This book is a fictional biography of a young man wanting to discover his true self by facing the concentrated, vastness of the Antarctic tundra, the wild.  This book is one of its kind of enlightening what seems to be just another pointless death of someone trying to take on the wild, through parallels of historical examples, the author's own experience on this topic, and real quotes from those who befriended this high spirited vagabond. Into the Wild, a book with too many facts fed at once but get the satisfaction of being captivated by capturing the spirit of truth, innocence, and adventure of the truly naive, and pure of heart. Must read!
B000002IOW|4.0|After the orchestral sound of the previous two albums, the band goes for a more stripped-down, organic sound.  The keyboards are still there but take a less prominent role and the power trio sound begins its gradual return to center stage.  Alex Lifeson uses the acoustic more frequently and adopts a more assertive, riff-oriented style on the electric.  Some of the songs aren't that great (&quot;Superconductor&quot;, &quot;War Paint&quot;, etc.) but they're outnumbered by quality material.  &quot;Show Don't Tell&quot;, &quot;The Pass&quot;, &quot;Hand Over Fist&quot;, and &quot;Available Light&quot; are outstanding; &quot;Red Tide&quot;, &quot;Presto&quot;, and &quot;Anagram&quot; are close behind.  This transitional album may appeal to those who think Rush suffocated in synths during the 80s even though the music here is far mellower than the 70s albums.  This overlooked album belongs in every Rush fan's collection.
0385486804|3.0|Hi my name is Ariana O'Connor and I will like to send in a book review to you on the book Into the Wild by: Jon Krakauer. Book Review:  This book is recommended to readers especially at the teenage and adult level, anyone who is trying to discover their identity, and are make the transition from adolescence to adulthood. This book is a fictional biography of a young man wanting to discover his true self by facing the concentrated, vastness of the Antarctic tundra, the wild.  This book is one of its kind of enlightening what seems to be just another pointless death of someone trying to take on the wild, through parallels of historical examples, the author's own experience on this topic, and real quotes from those who befriended this high spirited vagabond. Into the Wild, a book with too many facts fed at once but get the satisfaction of being captivated by capturing the spirit of truth, innocence, and adventure of the truly naive, and pure of heart. Must read!
B000002I4S|5.0|then buy this CD. And if you're musically inclined pick up charts of some of the songs, and note how Coltrane manages to take some truly bent progressions and make them sound perfectly natural. The title track in particular is astonishing in its ability to sound off the cuff while being incredibly rich harmonically.
630310696X|5.0|A brillant drama that is both moving and thought provoking.  This movie raises more questions than it answers, but deserves applause for showing all sides.  From Denzel Washington's hysterical comic mocking of the homosexual culture to Tom Hank's brilliant acting, this is a movie that dares to show that there are good people that believe in homosexuality and good people that don't.<br />This is a good movie to watch regardless of your views on homosexuality.  It didn't change my mind and I doubt it will change yours, but it did renew in my mind the idea that more compassion toward the other fellow is never a bad idea.<br />Even the &quot;villians&quot; of the film, the lawyers of Hank's firm, are hardly one dimensional.  For example, a lawyer that runs homosexuality down using Scripture is still concerned with Hank's health.<br />Bruce Springsteen's award winning song is eclipsed by the opera music in the scene after Hank's party.  One of the most moving scenes in any movie anywhere.<br />Highly recommended for amyone mature enough to see your beliefs challenged.
B00003CXE7|1.0|What is all the hype about this movie. After 30 minutes I was so bored that I turned it off and watched Battlefield Earth, good movie BTW. The video quality is awesome, the sound quality is ok. This movie is too predictable. Too much time was spent getting a million different shots on the battle seens. This is one of the worst movies I have ever watched in whole or in part.
B000001GRZ|2.0|There are truckloads of recordings when it comes to these Cello Suites, as the earlier reviews make clear.  This album represents sort of a middle-of-the-road performance in relation to the other available options.  It is neither terribly good nor terribly bad in terms of technique or musical concept; even the price of the CD places it in the middle of the spectrum.  Spend a little time listening to musical samples from other recordings of this work, because you are likely to find cheaper and/or more compelling alternatives.
6305078491|4.0|This Kino/Image DVD is the same edition they previously released to laser and VHS and to date it's the best-looking print out there. Also included is a terrific Ladislaw Sarewicks short &quot;The Mascot&quot; AKA &quot;The Devil's Ball&quot;.<br />This is one of my favorite horror films, it's truly stands alone as one of the most serious and artful films of the genre. Those who dismiss it as boring are dragging around too many preconceptions of what vampire/horror film should be rather than surrendering to it's unearthly and dream-like atmosphere.<br />My only gripe is the clunky way this print was subtitled. If it were restored today they would probably come up with a more clever way of replacing the Danish titles with English ones.
B000002LOE|4.0|Whilst it was the 1st REM I heard, I don't feel too close to it. It's certainly worthwhile especially for Country Feedback, Low, 1/2 A World Away, &amp; Radio Song, but they've made better albums, especially Murmur, Document, Green, Automaatic For the People &amp; even Monster. Losing My Religion was famously the 1st pop hit to be written on mandolin &amp; very soul-searching since being beaten to death by way too much airplay from programmers who forget the band have a whole other catalogue of similarly great songs, it's not worth listening, very dated. SHP is of course very cringeworthy even though it's perhaps &quot;perfect pop&quot;, Stand off the previous lp works better for that IMHO. The lyrics for Country Feedback were apparently improvised &amp; it is 1 of Stipe's favourite songs [&amp; his fans' too]. I happen to like the KRS-1 rap on Radio Song. Other songs are about thinking you're in love when you're really just drunk, pregnancy &amp; the environment. It is good but just not very personal for the listener.
0812548094|1.0|Everyone has always been extolling the Sword of Truth novels so I figured that I would read the books.  However, I was shocked and dismayed to discover that this series is nothing more than a pale immitation of Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time.  The similiarities go far beyond mere coincidence and often specific details are pathetically renamed.  For example, Sisters of the Light = Aes Sedia, Sisters of the Dark=Black Ajah, Blood of the Fold=Whitecloaks, The Dream World=Tel'aran'rhiod (The World of Dreams), Rada Han = a'dam, Han=One Power (Even the process of reaching it is the same), and on and on the list goes.  Yet there is more, Goodkind has also lifted a central element from Terry Brooks's novels namely the Sword of Truth=Sword of Shannara.  Perhaps if Goodkind actually came up with an original idea instead of &quot;researching&quot; the works of his contemporaries, he could produce a true novel.  I may even be able to overlook all of this blatent plagarism if the story was well written, but sadly Goodkind could not write realistic dialog if he tried.  Honestly, the amount of repetition in his dialog is terrible and his characters have a tendancy to launch into continous diatribes about trivial matters.  If you doubt me, pick a random passage in any of these novels where Richard or Kahlan speak and you will believe.  Please do not buy these novels.  I have read all of them up to book 4 and can honestly say that I gave them a chance.  I urge everyone to read the true masters of fantasy:  Robert Jordan, Tad Williams, and Terry Brooks.
B00003CXE7|5.0|It's quite embarrasing to say that I have not seen the trailer before watching the movie, so I did not have any expectations at all.  WHAT A PLEASANT SURPRISE!  I have to agree that the movie thrived on violence what with the war at the start of the film &amp; the games at the Coliseum, but it also reeked of reality &amp; had some few good lessons to learn.  It glaringly pointed out on man's greed for power, the dirtiness of politics, the blind obedience of the army, man's refuge in entertainment to forget their own dismal existence even for short a time.  But it also gave hope to people knowing that there are still a few good men out there with unquestionable dignity, a true leader, living with principles, honor &amp; justice.<br />I'll always remember Maximus' line re &quot;Stay with me.  If you see yourself walking alone in an open field, don't worry, you're already dead!&quot;  This may sound too morbid but it also shows you a part of his character.  An encouraging &amp; suportive general to his followers, a person who manages to exhibit humor at the scariest time of their life, a person who gives you hope to stay together &amp; see the worst through.  That's the General.  That's the Gladiator!
B00004YKSD|3.0|As in Oliver Stone's &quot;Nixon&quot; and &quot;JFK&quot;, the director lards his rockumentary with large chunks of fiction.  It's not surprising that Doors keyboardist Ray Manzarek found this film so objectionable.  How would you feel if thousands of people were seeing a movie about you that was mostly untrue, and cast you in a bad light?<br />Still, as long as you accept that this is a dramatization of how one person perceives the Doors and their music, this is an enjoyable film, made worthwhile especially by Val Kilmer's uncanny impersonation of Jim Morrison.  Stone's quasi-surrealistic approach evokes the time and place and seems particularly well suited to the inner world of Doors music.<br />A major objection is the emphasis on Morrison as a drunken, obnoxious lout.  This side of Morrison is an easy target for a film maker, but it's hardly an accurate portrayal.  I strongly recommend The Doors Collection DVD, which will give you a glimpse of Morrison's sensitive side.  Also Manzarek's memoir &quot;Light My Fire&quot; will balance the picture for you.<br />Although the listing here says that this is an anamorphic transfer, according to information on other web sites this is NOT ANAMORPHIC, but is the same transfer used in the previous DVD release (and the laserdisc).  It's nice to have the extras, but early reviews indicate that this is a particularly low quality transfer, and I'd prefer to hold out for a new anamorphic release.  (The first Doors audio CDs were of very poor quality and were quietly remastered and reissued about four years later; hopefully this film will get the DVD treatment it deserves.)
B00003CXBK|5.0|No Doubt about it this is one of the best animated films of all time.  The animation is incredibly beautiful and the story is  captivating and will keep you glued to your seat.  You will be utterly amazed watching this film.    I loved it !
0321012542|5.0|Let me count the ways, in no particular order: I like the typeface and the typography; it's easy on the eye. I like the paper it's printed on. I like the way notes are incorporated on the page. I like the punctuation. I like the spelling (&quot;murder&quot; over &quot;murther&quot;, etc.). I like the added lines in &quot;Lear&quot; within square brackets. (The Oxford edition printed the play twice, in its two versions. Bevington's way is better.) I like the front matter, and each play's introduction. I like the footnoted scene divisions. I like the inclusion of &quot;The Two Noble Kinsmen.&quot; I have six complete works, and I rank Bevington's edition number 1.
0440217563|5.0|Well,where do I begin?Since I have opened the first book in this series,I haven't been able to stop.I guess we all want to be Claire,don't we now?Usually I am not a dreamer but more of a realist but this book as the ones before make it seem as we are in it.We wish to feel everything Claire is experiencing in her travels trough time and passionate love.I do not see time go by anymore and forget to eat and do all the other things one should tend to in a day.Let me tell you that my boyfriend is really benefiting from all the heat that goes trough the love scenes.It just makes me want to LOVE.Well whatever you wish to call it. Now there is the last book in this series left for me to read,and I am already sad that it will end soon.As they say in french: 'Chapeau' Diana Gabaldon.
B000050XEI|5.0|I was pretty disappointed with the &quot;In Memory of Trees&quot; album.  It just didn't have any songs that with a catchy melody.  This album delivers in the spirit of Watermark and Shepherd Moons.  Wild Child and One by One are spectacular songs.  If you really enjoyed Watermark, this album most closely resembles that.<br />Thrilled to have it!
0792151712|5.0|What I can't understand is why so many people had to diss TITANIC. I mean, sure, it was a love story (but don't all Hollywood films have some kind of romance in them - even when it's a horror or an action movie?) and TITANIC is definitely one of the best love stories ever told through a Hollywood film.<br />First of all, I don't understand what was so wrong with Leonardo DiCaprio's acting in this film as he portrayed the character of Jack Dawson; I personally thought he was excellent in the film and TITANIC was one of his best and smartest moves in his entire acting career. Kate Winslet was also at her best as she portrayed the character of the young Rose DuWitt Bukater, Jack's love interest. The best thing about her is that Kate is British, just like Rose was, so she had the perfect British accent and talent for the character of Rose. Billy Zane was also excellent as Cal. Francis Fisher, Kathy Bates, Victor Gerber, Gloria Stuart, and Bill Paxton were also amazingly talented.<br />James Cameron once again proved to be one of the greatest directors of all time, and everybody thought that this film would sink in the box office just like the ship itself did in the ocean...but the world was dead wrong! TITANIC became the biggest gross-selling movie of all time - it even beat George Lucas's STAR WARS, as the top movie of all time. Not only was the acting First Class, but the special effects and James Horner's score were fabulous, which brought helped to bring the past back to life. And James Cameron also did an amazing job bringing accurate historical events into the film.<br />All in all, TITANIC is definitely the best movie of all. I really enjoyed it when I saw it in the theater (and I even own the video, although I haven't watched it in a while) and I still love it. The movie is just amazing (there is no other way to describe it) and it definitely deserved all the Oscars and Golden Globes it won. The film is the most moving, heartwarming and heartwrenching movie I'veever seen and the epic tale of the film is unforgettable.<br />Bottom line: Now doesn't EVERYONE wish they had a loyal love like Jack and Rose's?!
0783229321|5.0|the dvd info at the top of the page is wrong, the picture is sharp throught. the sound also, is better than what one would expect reading the technical info at the top of the page (but there is no surround). if a standard vhs tape is 200 lines of resolution, you get at least 370 with the this dvd, and that is short of the 500 lines that most dvd's get. but it is still much better than a vhs or s-vhs. and this refers only to the collectors edition (not the yellow cover). the extras on the dvd are also very nice. all in all, the dvd is worth the money, from the widescreen presentation to the increased picture quality, to the extras on the dvd.
B00003CXE7|5.0|My wife has a built in prejudice against what she calls &quot;costume drama&quot; movies and with films that might have too much violence in it, so in her book, this film had two preconceived strikes against it. But surprise, surprise, the story was engrossing enuff that she got caught up in it and really liked it. It also exceeded my expectations - who knew a summer blockbuster could have so much depth to it?  On the technical side, if you have a decent home theater set up, the DTS soundtrack on this is truely awesome and worth the price of admission. Near the beginning of the film, some soldiers take Russell Crowe out into the woods to kill him. He grabs a sword and gets out their grasp and is hiding offscreen behind a tree. When he throws the sword at the soldier that you see on screen, the sound of the sword whirring thru the air almost makes you duck as it comes from the rear right surround and crosses to the front right to the center channel and into the soldiers chest. Wow.
B00004Z459|5.0|yo,all who likes linkin park,also likes crazy town and limp bizkit,but don't think linkin park is just a comparision to any of these groups because for me,linkin's debut has done a much bigger impact than any nu metal group there is or ever will be.Maybe because i like their style of play or looks,but there's something magical about their music,...it's heavy but at the same time so beautiful,its great rap combined with very intense vocals, its whenever you feel depressed or as happy as you can be!But the main thing is, there's a new star born in town and with their own fusion-metal(rapcore) they have already been a mark to what nu metal has to offer!! Linkin park will take you by the throat,grab you very tight and then throw back at you with the force you can only dream of. Especially'papercut','points of authority','with you' and'in the end' will leave you singing day in, day out !!But the rest is of the same level,i don't like typing so why should i say more words about linkin park,just go out and buy it, you will defenitely get the maximum out of your money!!!! SO CHECK THEM OUT AND BE A LINKIN PARK FAN, THEY DESERVE IT!!
B00003CWTI|2.0|You will either love it or hate it. I think it is a Robert Altman wanna be film that ultimately fails to tie everything together. Please rent before you buy and you decide.
B00000JPH6|5.0|This movie is one of the best Henson films ever made. With this film Henson achieved a milestone. This was the first film ever to use a cast entirely of puppets. This film is also one of two (that I know of) movies that are collaborations between Jim Henson and Brian Froud. Froud's conceptual design, couppled with Henson's production/direction are great things to watch. I own the other Henson/Froud film as well, &quot;Labyrinth.&quot; The plotline for this movie is wonderful. A true Faery-Tale in every sense of the word. It has the monstrous villains (Skeksis), the long suffering victims (Mystics), the young hero (Jen), and the damsel  (Kira). It even has a faery god-mother... kinda... (Aughra). Not only are the characters well designed, the plotline is wonderful, this movie is excellent.   Froud alos has several books out based on his work for both movies, as well as other, non-related books. If you like his work in this and in &quot;Labyrinth&quot; I reccommend &quot;Lady Cottington's Pressed Faery Book.&quot; It is absolutely hilarious.
B00000K3CR|4.0|I saw a movie once, on video or on TV, I am not sure.  But it was kind of the same story as the movie &quot;Big&quot; with Tom Hanks.  I am looking for this movie, but I don't know the title of the movie anymore, so I was hoping by writing this review someone can tell me the title.<br />The movie goes like this:  A sience-kid invents this machine to make things big, like a tomato.  His friend, who wants to be big, tries out the machine, and gets big/older.  I think that he goes to school to be a teacher, but I am not sure about that.  He falls in love with a woman who is also a teacher.  The sience-kid, his friend, tries to repair the machine in a way so that he can make things small again.  When he can, the big-kid goes back into the machine, and gets to be small/a kid again.  The great part about this movie is, that it has a happy end, the woman-teacher that he has fallen in love with also goes into the machine and also comes out as a kid.  When the kid goes back to school, he feels misserable, because he misses the woman and because he has a new teacher (the woman-teacher used to be his teacher, but then it happens the &quot;woman-teacher&quot; comes walking in the classroom as a kid, and sits next to him.<br />If you have seen this movie or know this movie and still know the name of the movie, or who plays in it. Then please contact me at: SandraDrew7@hotmail.com Thanks!
0380002930|5.0|A look through the many reviews of this book raises an interesting question:  Is this book really a classic (a la Dickens, Eliot, Hemingway etc.)?  I think my answer would be no.  However, I do think it is an excellent introduction to those wonderful authors and I'm happy to see it's being taught in our schools.<br />Watership Down is a very sophisticated form of popular fiction.  Don't think so?  Well, it provides at least three distinct social structures (the three main warrens), addresses the issues and complexities of leadership (Hazel isn't the obvious leader-type), and comments on differing psychologies (think of the denizens of the warren near the snare) all in the form of a complex allegory.  It has other depths as well, but the point I want to make is that these are wrapped up in a compelling adventure story written from the unique perspective of fantasy.  Add in the fact that it's gracefully written and you have a book that is appealing to young people but provided plenty of material for conversation and thought.<br />Is it on the level of, say, George Eliot or Joseph Conrad?  I don't think so.  It provides a heroic and happy ending that while exciting, isn't convincingly realistic.  In addition, though the characters are wonderfully drawn, they clearly &quot;wear&quot; white hats or dark ones when the real world tends to be gray.<br />That said, I remember struggling through &quot;Lord Jim&quot; in high school and feeling like I missed alot of what was being said.  Reading it 20 years later confirmed that opinion.  It isn't that I was stupid in high school--I simply lacked enough life experience to appreciate the subtleties of what Conrad was getting at. <br />I've always felt that teaching the great classics in high school is, at best, a questionable undertaking.  Far better to teach a book on the level of &quot;Watership Down&quot; (and there aren't many books in this middle region between popular and classic), so that young readers learn how to read critically, than to have them drown trying to understand a complicated classic.  After they learn critical reading skills, then move them on to a true classic.  <br />There are those who will say I'm condescending to kids suggesting this, but it's equally legitimate to suggest that it is arrogant to assume that ALL teenagers can understand the subtlety of books which adults write long tomes analyzing. <br />Lest this tome makes &quot;Watership Down&quot; sound like a textbook, let me say that when I first read it 20 years ago, I could not put the book down.  The last 150 pages carry the reader along like a tidal wave.  I've read it several times since and each time I happily sank into the wonderful world of Hazel, Bigwig and the others.  It's a book that both adults and kids can appreciate and it doesn't suffer with age.  So maybe it's a classic after all.
0960191038|2.0|I've been in management consulting for four years have have met several consultants who swear by this book.  Many firms purchase this book for their new consultants and incorporate it in their training.<br />Unfortunately, I have not met a single consultant who has been able to accurately describe or apply the concepts in the book!  Most consultants who swear by the Minto Principle are actually not applying it, but rather applying a simplified (mis)-interpretation of the Principle.  Also, even professional communication experts that my consulting firm employed could not apply the Principle in their training program in a consistent and logical fashion.<br />I agree with the reader from Hong Kong.  The Minto Principle is extremely hard to learn, which I think lessens its value to the average reader.  This is not to say that it does not work.  However, I think you would be better off simply using the principles of good writing you should have learned in school.  (Contrary to what some consulting partners want to believe, there is nothing intrinsically special about business writing that requires new skills.)<br />The book has gotten a lot of mileage out of the McKinsey mystique (it must be good because it was written by a former McKinsey consultant and is used by McKinsey).  Many consultants expound the Minto Principle to make themselves seem superior (i.e. they are using a McKinsey concept).  Save your money.  The book is not worth anywhere near its $95 price.  At best, it's a $11.95 paperback.
6305546789|2.0|When this film was released in 1978, the disability rights movement was advocating (much to the shock of the status quo) that it would be alright if some formerly insitutionalized people were released into mainstream society.<br />Predictably, this caused outraged debate on just who those people would be, and people wondered if they would be okay with all of the new releases milling around. As difficult as it seems by todays standards, some people got themselves whipped into a hysterical frenzy.<br />Even though this movie is really technologically good for 1978, it does exploit (now unfounded) fears about disability. Throughout the movie, we hear about Michael's disability and the insitution as if he was especially dangerous not because of the nature of his crime, but because of the fact that he was formerly instutionalized.<br />As a disabled person, I can't help but be offended at the tone of the movie. While my 1979 birth meant that I never had the slightest chance of being sent to a menal institution, I know enough social history to understand it was quite common in older generations. The movie carries on this unelightenment by implying that only bad people are held there.<br />It is worth noting in the 1980's when fellow franchise Nightmare on Elm Street was made, the fact that Freddy Kruger also had some personal problems was not as capitalized. Instead, it was examined and treated as a criminal act to the best of the communitie's abilities.
6302787122|4.0|After watching Jodie Foster in &quot;Nell,&quot; where she plays a speech-disturbed mountain woman, I was motivated to re-watch &quot;Sommersby.&quot; What an actress! What a movie! She has the most &quot;southern&quot; accent of the two lead characters, and although she is a little unbelievable as a field worker, there is sensational chemistry between Foster as &quot;Laurel Sommersby&quot; and her civil war veteran husband, played by strikingly handsome Richard Gere.<br />This movie is not accurate in all its historical details, for instance, everyone is too clean and well-washed to have been working in the hot fields all day, given the state of personal hygiene at the time. And Gere is just TOO handsome and manly to have spent half a dozen years withering away in a cell as a civil war POW. And the townspeople are soooo easily moved to community action. They are just a mite too credulous given the war-time setting.<br />But if you prefer dreamy historical romance to stark reality, you will indeed enjoy this film. The narrative progresses without any slow spots from the moment the opening credits roll and we see Gere aka Sommersby burying his dead partner. Then he walks and walks, through the lush scenery of the war-ravaged south, until the viewer is as ready for &quot;home&quot; as he must have been relieved to finally arrive. Greeted like a treasured hero by the townspeople, he is then taken in by a skeptical wife despite not a word between them for six years.<br />With great tact and consideration, Jack Sommersby proceeds to court his wife, leading to many tantalizing moments and lots of significant looks between them. In the meantime, he devises a plan to buy seeds to  grow burley tobacco in overgrown fields on the Sommersby estate, using the labor of the townspeople. They  will not be sharecroppers, but owners, and even the &quot;coloured folk&quot; will have the option to buy, which later leads to a KKK cross-burning scene.<br />Complications result from the fact that, during her husband's long absence, Laurel Sommersby had been keeping company with Orrin, another  veteran, and although she tells her husband she hadn't been kissed, the rival lover hovers in jealous rage, and when his chance comes to do harm to Jack Sommersby, he takes it.<br />All along, Laurel finds herself wondering &quot;Who is this man in my kitchen?&quot; because before he went away 6 years ago, her husband was a no-good drinker and gambler who abused her and didn't love her. The man who returns to her is wholly changed, a considerate lover, a caring father, a responsible member of the community. Is he really Jack Sommersby, or an imposter?<br />When the tobacco crops are growing well and standing tall in the fields,  the married lovers are delighting in their happiness, and just after the first baby is born, two federal marshalls  arrive to carry Jack away to Nashville be tried for murder.  I won't give away the ending, but I cried and cried all through the last 20 minutes or so of this touching romantic film.  You never do find out if &quot;Sommersby&quot; is himself or not. Either way, he has changed for the better.<br />This is definitely an enjoyable film. If you are a fan of romantic historical romance, you will enjoy this delicious love story.fact that, during her husband's long absence, Laurel Sommersby had been keeping company with Orrin, another  veteran, and although she tells her husband she hadn't been kissed, the rival lover hovers in jealous rage, and when his chance comes to do harm to Jack Sommersby, he takes it.<br />All along, Laurel finds herself wondering &quot;Who is this man in my kitchen?&quot; because before he went away 6 years ago, her husband was a no-good drinker and gambler who abused her and didn't love her. The man who returns to her is wholly changed, a considerate lover, a caring father, a responsible member of the community. Is he really Jack Sommersby, or an imposter?<br />When the tobacco crops are growing well and standing tall in the fields,  the married lovers are delighting in their happiness, and just after the first baby is born, two federal marshalls  arrive to carry Jack away to Nashville be tried for murder.  I won't give away the ending, but I cried and cried all through the last 20 minutes or so of this touching romantic film.  You never do find out if &quot;Sommersby&quot; is himself or not. Either way, he has changed for the better. <br />This is definitely an enjoyable film. If you are a fan of romantic historical romance, you will enjoy this delicious love story.
B00004XOWM|4.0|im not a very good critic, but im gonna do my best to judge this cd. In the beginning of almost every song starts horrible, but it gets better once you listen to the entery songs. Freds rapping style and lyrics are not very good(compared to Significant Other)on this cd, but who pays attention to the lyrics these days. Fred doesnt whyn as much as ppl said he does. The band is also a problem, they always have the same beat on every songs, thats great for ppl that dont want LB to change...in other words this cd is ok. The songs are made for ppl that just want to get up and sing.
B00000JRTX|4.0|This film lets us take a peek at the 'lamer' side of weddings without letting the viewer slip into condescension and without the film getting heavy handed.  It makes us laugh at the sillier things people do and say at weddings, but Four Weddings and a Funeral doesn't go so far as to put the institution of marriage down.  Portraying the support that a circle of friends can provide, it shows us that there are other ways to be committed than getting married.  While a light comedy on the surface, it raises some pretty serious questions about extended family issues.<br />Hugh Grant is wonderful is his role as the bachelor afraid to fall in love, and Andie McDowell as the elusive American woman is as ravishing as ever.  I will agree the script is goofy in a few places, but until I thought about some of the reviews written here, I never noticed it before.  The supporting cast is outstanding.  The sound is standard Dolby 2.0, and the picture quality is average to good.  It is still good for quite a few laughs, and for less than 12 bucks, a steal.  Great British comedy.
B000009QPE|5.0|Listening to this CD is like drinking 10 cups of really strong coffee. It wakes you up and keeps you awake. It's great to listen to when you need that extra adrenalin - like when you're pulling an allnighter for work or school. Blazingly fast guitar riffs and vocals and frenetic drumming. No wonder the songs are so short - no human can possibly play this fast for long before taking a breather. Since every song on the album is about death and evil, it probably is the closest you will get to experiencing what hell must be like while you're alive. Even six stars wouldn't do this album justice. Just amazing.
0679879269|5.0|If you thought The Golden Compass and The Subtle Knife were great books, they pale in comparison with The Amber Spyglass. Let me go a little further.....   First off, Pullman puts The Golden Compass and The Subtle Knife together, with all of the puzzle pieces falling in place. Secondly, the plot was jawdropping. Again, The Golden Compass and The Subtle Knife pale in comparison with this plot. Thirdly, the end is so heartbreaking and tear inducing that you have to be a nonhuman if the utmost sympathy doesn't arise in you. I don't want to give away much of the plot, so if you'll forgive me...........<br />Oh yes, one more thing. You gotta be pretty open-minded about religion and God if you're gonna read this............
B00005214X|5.0|What would my life have been without this album?  It has been my soundtrack for every winter of my life since 1973.  If you grew up in New York City during those long, cold, grey winters of the 1970's, ATMP was the music that allowed you to look at the urban decay and urban problems and understand that faith, spirit and freedom would eventualy overcome.  There was majesty in this work and I believe George AND Spector were on a spiritual mission when they were building this TOWERING MASTERPIECE.<br />To me, it was, and still is, rocks equivalent to religious hymns....spriritual, thought-provoking and full of humane statements about living - - and dying.  For me, it is my rock version of the &quot;Old Testament&quot;.  It has not since been eclipsed, and for me, never will.
0060925000|5.0|I've always sustained that a good writer can describe the simple ascent of a flight of stairs, and make it interesting. A bad writer can describe a truly interesting event, such as a disaster, or falling in love, or death, and render it boring. Vikram Seth's novel is an example of the former.  Seth takes the lives of several well-to-do families in India during the early '50's, and follows their steps day by day for a little more than one year. He saves us no details as he describes, for about 1400 pages,  the ins and outs of these families and their intertwining. He also involves us in the intricate details of the volatile political situation and the various religious and language barriers in place at that time. It is interesting to note, for example, that although India had only recently attained independence from the British Empire, English was the one common language spoken by almost all people of India, despite the individual origins. Therefore, the English language helped to unify India. One could find the main story plot rather superficial - the difficulty of finding a &quot;Suitable Boy&quot; for an upper class Hindi girl to marry. But this story serves only as a starting point for the branching out of many other stories of much more depth. And, in truth, I find that the individual drama of Lata, who knows  that eventually she will have to marry a man who perhaps is not her ideal, at a young age when perhaps she would simply like to continue her studies and friendships and caf' society, bows down to do her duty towards the family, to be quite a deep story in itself. You have to be in the right mood to read &quot;A Suitable Boy&quot;. You have to be ready to climb that staircase one step at a time, and reflect upon each step you take.
B00000I9P1|5.0|Hasta en Venezuela este maginifico y estupendo trabajo &quot;excellent work&quot; by Jim Peterik amazing in the keyboards, Jimi Jaminson angel voice god bless you Jimi, Frankie the virtual and technics fingers Mark the force in the drums and Stephan the best team in the 80's. Todo este disco me fascino en lo absoluto todas sus canciones tienen un feelin y sentimiento que solo los amantes de la buena msica pueden entender. Ascander Pereira Caracas Venezuela ascanderkiss@hotmail.com
B000002UAX|5.0|This is a great album, worthy of anyone's top ten list.  Let's take a look at the album track by track:<br />(1) Back in the U.S.S.R. is a great opening rocker from Paul, with its Beach Boys backing vocal spoof.<br />(2)Dear Prudence has to be one of John's greatest songs (and one of my all time favorite Beatle songs).<br />(3)Glass Onion is another nice John song, and a bigger treat for hardcore Beatle fan.<br />(4)Ob-La-Di, Ob-La-Da is catchy pop tune from Paul, but is not one of his very best.<br />(5)Wild Honey Pie is a joke song, and clocking in at about 1 minute, is sort of a throw away.<br />(6)Bungalow Bill is a comic book song from John (it's pretty good but Yoko's voice sort of ruins it).<br />(7)While My Guitar Gently Weeps is the best song George ever wrote and contains excellent guitar work from Eric Clapton.<br />(8)Happiness is a Warm Gun is another lesser-known John masterpiece.  It is also one of my favorite songs.<br />(9)Martha My Dear is a pop masterpiece from Paul (and its about his dog).<br />(10)I'm So Tired is all of the weight of being in the worlds biggest band catching up with John.<br />(11)Blackbird is a great acoustic song from Paul and is metaphorically about the human spirit.<br />(12)Piggies is sort of a part two to George's own Taxman.  With its anti-establishment attitude, it is essential George.<br />(13)Rocky Raccoon is a folk/country song from Paul, its a slight let down.<br />(14)Don't Pass Me By is the first song that Ringo ever wrote for the band and actually its not that bad.  Its certainly better than most country songs in my opinion.<br />(15)Why don't we do it in the road? is a bluesy Paul song.  It is nothing great and actually has a B-Side feel to it.<br />(16)I Will is another near throwaway from Paul, but it has a very short running time so that helps.<br />(17)Julia is a good song by John but it needs to be increased in volume a little.<br />Disc 2:   (1)Birthday is another nice opening rocker from Paul.<br />(2)YerBlues is an excellent blues/rocker from John.<br />(3)Mother Natures Son is a fine acoustic song from Paul but it is a bit to much like a John Denver song.<br />(4)Everybody's Got Something to Hide is an excellect rocker from John.<br />(5)Sexy Sadie is a fine stab at Mahirishi Mahesh Yogi from John.<br />(6)Helter Skelter is a great hard rocker from Paul.<br />(7)Long Long Long is nice but could use a little more volume.<br />(8)Revolution 1 is great, but I still prefer the other version slightly.<br />(9)Honey Pie is decent but not to my taste.<br />(10)Savoy Truffle is a great George rocker.<br />(11)Cry Baby Cry is a beautiful John acoustic song.<br />(12)Revolution 9 is a very under rated song (if you can call it a song), with lots of great tape loops and sound effects.<br />(13)Good Night is sung by Ringo with orchestral backing. Not great, but not bad either.<br />The White Album is great because it encompasses so many different music styles and i like they way the Beatles set it up: First side: almost all rockers, side two:  all acoustic, side three:  rockers, side four:  experimental.  I also love the way they put the loudest, wildest songs right next to the softest, most restrained.<br />If you don't own this album already, buy it and buy it now.
6305078564|5.0|I loved this film.  I bought it for my wife two weeks ago, and I've now watched it twice already.  Very well made, etc.  One thing I like about Jane Austen is that even though she wrote what today would be called &quot;chick books&quot;, they are really more about the condition of, struggles of, and hopes and dreams of people, and they are NOT about women's plight in contrast to men and they are not resentful of men.  In fact, Jane Austen writes the BEST male characters, and in Pride and Prejudice, Mr. Bennett is a pleasure in every scene (just as Mr. Palmer was terrific comic relief in Sense and Sensibility).  <br />And I have to admit, being from the Hollywood area, I was predisposed to be unimpressed with the BBC production.  However, I found it to be outstanding.  My DVD had none of the production problems referred to in another review.  Originally, I was disappointed to see no subtitle option, because I found them indispensible in watching Persuasion, but Pride and Prejudice was very understandable to my untrained American ear.  I could not recommend this movie more highly to anyone adult enough to enjoy a love story.
B00003CWTI|1.0|I thought it was a phenominal film...All was well except the beginning and the end. The middle was acceptable. Though there was room for much improvement. Furthermore, it was too long. The performances were so so, I would say the most notable performance came from the blackjack dealer during the opening sequence, kudos to him!!! The rest of the acting was merely average at best. I won't be watching this again anytime soon! However it remains to be one of my favorite films of all time! Comparable to Casablanca and Dude Where's My Car?
0141301104|5.0|I've gotta confess that Roald Dahl is my favorite author! The Witches is definitely one of his best, and one of my favorites. It keeps you on the edge of your seat and makes you roll on the floor laughing. Anyone would like this-- my grandma read it and loved it!! It's definitely worth buying, and I'm sure any other RD fan would agree with me!!!
B00004XPPE|5.0|Preceded and overshadowed by the film \\"Dr. Strangelove,\\" \\"Failsafe\\" provides a serious version of a nuclear weapons crisis between the United States and the Soviet Union.  The plot in \\"Failsafe\\" is remarkably similar to its satrical cold-war counterpart with the National Command Authority having to prevent full scale nuclear war after one its bomber squadrons accidentally receives the \\"Go\\" code to strike Moscow.  A computer communication malfunction at the US Air Force's Strategic Air Command is the culprit, and within minutes, the President dispatches fighters to shoot down the bombers after his service chiefs recommend the course of action.  The fighters are unsuccessful and the President begins working with the Soviet Premier to prevent the bombers from reaching their target.  Under the President's orders, SAC is on line with the Soviet High Command to help intercept the bombers.  After one of his Air Force generals predicts the likelihood of a bomber getting through, the President seeks a solution to prevent nuclear retaliation, which provides a shocking ending to the story.  Stanley Kubrick's \\"Dr. Strangelove\\" pulls no punches in its humor and portrayal of high-ranking government officials, its comedic treatment leaves viewers with the feeling that such a scenario would never come to life.  \\"Failsafe\\" on the other hand projects a chilling atmosphere as the leaders and staffs of two major powers come to grips with the crisis, and overcome their cold-war rivalries to solve the problem.<br /><br />The story is portrayed in four places; the President's bunker, the Pentagon's operations center, the SAC headquarters, and the cockpit of the flight commander leading his bombers into Russia.  The big star in this feature is Henry Fonda as the President; his performance is so convincing that he probably could have run for office.  Other standouts are Walter Matthau, the civilian advisor who is the \\"Devil's Advocate\\" on the Pentagon staff, and Dan O'Herlihy as \\"Blacky,\\" an insightful Air Force general and old friend of the President, who is eventually called upon to carry out the President's solution.  The other significant player is Frank Overton as the SAC Commander, maintaining order in his headquarters while his air staff border on mutiny while assisting the Soviets in locating the bombers.  There is Ed Binns as the bomber pilot, torn between his duties and doubts when the NCA and SAC attempt to recall him over open communication channels.  Last but not least is Larry Hagman, who turns in a great performance as the President's translator.<br /><br />Included on the DVD is a bonus feature about the production of the movie, where the actors and writers discuss the movie's plot and it's similarity with \\"Dr. Strangelove\\" that resulted in a lawsuit.  They also talk about having to bootleg footage for the aircraft depicted, because of lack of cooperation from the Air Force, resulting in most of the action represented on graphic display screens in the SAC headquarters and the Pentagon.  Despite these constraints, they produced a movie that still puts viewers on the edge of their seats as time runs out with the bombers getting closer and closer to their target.  The impact of the feature was enough to warrant a special message in the end credits to assure audiences that such an event could never occur.tful Air Force general and old friend of the President, who is eventually called upon to carry out the President's solution.  The other significant player is Frank Overton as the SAC Commander, maintaining order in his headquarters while his air staff border on mutiny while assisting the Soviets in locating the bombers.  There is Ed Binns as the bomber pilot, torn between his duties and doubts when the NCA and SAC attempt to recall him over open communication channels.  Last but not least is Larry Hagman, who turns in a great performance as the President's translator.    Included on the DVD is a bonus feature about the production of the movie, where the actors and writers discuss the movie's plot and it's similarity with \\"Dr. Strangelove\\" that resulted in a lawsuit.  They also talk about having to bootleg footage for the aircraft depicted, because of lack of cooperation from the Air Force, resulting in most of the action represented on graphic display screens in the SAC headquarters and the Pentagon.  Despite these constraints, they produced a movie that still puts viewers on the edge of their seats as time runs out with the bombers getting closer and closer to their target.  The impact of the feature was enough to warrant a special message in the end credits to assure audiences that such an event could never occur.
B000059Z8J|5.0|If you have ever seen this movie you know what I am going to say.  Superman is the greatest superhero ever.  Reeves portrays the man of steel perfectly.  From the look to the attitude.  He fits the part like a glove.  This adventureous and funny movie will make everyone happy.  This is a must have for any DVD or Superman fan!
B000055Y0X|5.0|The US Air Force, National Command Authority and Pentagon take a big hit in this satirical feature about the Cold War when a deranged Air Force General orders his B-52 bomber wing to attack the Soviet Union without authorization of the President.  A madcap series of events unfold as the President and his military forces attempt to find the communication codes to recall the B-52 crews.   The humor is very dark as it follows events in the Pentagon War Room, the air force base of the renegade General, and the cockpit of a lone B-52 crew.  Peter Sellers dominates the movie, starring in three roles as the President trying to prevent nuclear war, Colonel Mandrake the airbase executive officer attempting to get the recall codes from his psychotic commander, and Dr. Strangelove, the ex-Nazi scientist on the President's staff.  George C. Scott steals some scenes as General Turgison, the senior Air Force General who tries to make the situation less than it is, and then later recommending full-scale attack as a course of action.  Sterling Hayden is very funny as General Jack Ripper, the one responsible for issuing the orders to the B-52 crews, and Slim Pickens is excellent as the cowboy pilot flying his B-52 bomber into Soviet territory.   The movie pulls no punches in its portrayal of the leaders attempting to find a solution to the monumental crisis they face.  The humor makes light of the impending disaster and delivers a message about the irony of nuclear warfare and the danger of having so much destructive power on tap.  In one sequence, an Army airborne division is ordered to attack General Ripper's airbase and locate him for the recall codes, what follows is a large battle between Air Force security personnel and Army paratroopers.  Out of this chaos at the Pentagon and the airbase, the only person who appears to know what he's doing is the B-52 pilot.   The movie sets are impressive and an interesting portion of the movie is the B-52 crew scenes.  The set looks very realistic with the crew enclosed inside a claustrophobic flight deck, going through their drills to find the target and avoid Soviet air defenses.   It's a landmark movie that is remarkable for its controversial treatment of the Cold War, witty screenplay and final message.  This could arguably be Stanley Kubrick's best work.   For viewers interested in a more serious approach, the movie &quot;Fail Safe&quot; is worth seeing.  It was released some months later in 1964 and offers a remarkably similar story, but in a more dramatic and shocking atmosphere.
B00004Z4WR|5.0|I don't care what you critics say;THIS MOVIE IS PURE FUN.Its not meant to be an Oscar contender;nor is it meant to probe depressing &quot;deep thoughts&quot;. It is meant to entertain you with a wide array of stellar,sexy cars(this got me interested in cars,by the way)car-chase action sequenses and of course mega-hottie Angelina Jolie.Sure,Nicholas Cage has done better(&quot;The Rock&quot;,&quot;leaving Las Vegas&quot;)but he does a decent job here,as do the rest of the cast.The plot is paper-thin(steal 50 cars in one night or your brothers in the coffin)but then again,this isn't supposed to be &quot;Casablanca&quot;.Just sit back,relax,turn of your brain,and enjoy &quot;Gone In 60 Seconds&quot;!
6305842442|2.0|The directors cut is a nice &quot;flavor&quot; of the Blade Runner movie, but it's the narration that gives the character Deckard human qualities. And what's wrong with that? <br />We can stand on a pedestal and preach how smart we are in watching a movie with no narration, but I personally like the human Deckard.  I was disappointed that the &quot;end all to Blade Runner movie&quot; flavors left out the narration. If you were told that the narrated version was really the &quot;Director's Cut&quot;, would it add less value to the present &quot;Director's Cut&quot;?<br />The added goodies in the  DVD are nice.  The sound is great, though getting really digital does make it a little stale. One nice plus about the DVD, is you can pause it to get a look at Los Angeles 18 years from now.
B00003CXBK|5.0|I'd like to say that those who claim Mononoke Hime is cartoon for 4 year-old children make all the (real) anime lovers laugh. And all the people that can appreciate a true art of work as well. If you don't like the movie and you have the right (it depends on your sensitivity), don't say it's sputid, cos' you're the one that sound ridiculous.<br />Mononoke Hime is a true masterpiece, quite different from Miyazaki's previous works because it is precisely NOT aimed at children. I don't want to make any spoilers, so I would only say it's the most intelligent, profound and meaningful story I've never seen on an animated feature (and I've seen and loved Ghost in the shell...). But Miyazaki's philosophy is not expressed by words but by behaviours and actions. Animation is hard work so don't think the filmmaker has added some scenes to &quot;fill&quot; the movie. Each scene has a signification (sometimes difficult to understand when you don't know anything about japanese culture and religion). I think it needs several viewings to fully appreciate the richness of this work. <br />Oh, japanese version with english subtitles highly recommended!
0696204800|5.0|This is a great book to have. It has so many samples and they are all colors. It is worth the price compared to those having only a few samples. I would recommend this book to those who wants to keep a reference library for differnt patterns.
B00003CWOL|5.0|Kevin Smith has outdone himself. The director of &quot;Clerks,&quot; &quot;Mallrats&quot; and &quot;Chasing Amy&quot; has come of age. A deeply philosophical endeavor, &quot;Dogma&quot; traipses through the tenets of Catholicism with a vengence. Behind the incredible and delightful humor is a strong and conspicuous enough message to make a former Catholic (such as myself) squirm with guilt (what else?)! Jay and Silent Bob are my heroes!!<br />But, like the director, you shouldn't take this film too seriously. It's merely a phenomenal venue for the incredible talents it showcases.<br />I can't wait for the Special Edition DVD!!! I've worn out the DVD I bought just weeks ago!
B00003CXGG|2.0|a typical hollywood stuff, a lot of action and violence and considers the viewers as fools.
6305342776|4.0|People say that interesting characters and a strong plot are the only things that truly matter in a movie.  This is not true, especially in science fiction.  How many people love the film ALIEN?  I do; it's one of my all-time favorites.  Now how many of us can say that the characters in that film were actually interesting?  Of course they weren't...they were mundane.  Yes, the acting was superb, but The Black Hole's acting isn't too bad, either.  Schell and Forster are great, and Borgnine is fun to watch.  The characters may be cardboard and the plot may be thin, but atmosphere holds the entire film together.  The sets and matte paintings aren't just good- they're fantastic.  Space has never looked so beautiful or mysterious.  The Cygnus is hands-down the coolest ship ever on film (the Nostromo comes in second).  It's bright on the outside, and dark and gloomy on the inside; you really have to see it for yourself.  Both the Sentry robots and the humanoids go well with the ship; the cloaked humanoids were especially creepy, and the scenes that revolved around them were handled expertly.  I especially loved the scene where the captain explored the crew's chambers- John Barry's score fit in perfectly. And that Max is one heck of an awesome creation.  The final twenty minutes are both entertaining and full of suspense.  Perkins' death, the rolling meteor, and the moody journey through heaven and hell are very memorable.   So- is the dialogue dumb?  Yes. Are the cute robots out of place?  Yes.  Is the plot thin and predictable?  Yes.  But this movie is  so full of atmosphere, great music, weird visions, and incredible visuals that all that is forgotten.  Go see it- it's really quite something else.
0425163407|3.0|I usually like Patricia Cornwell's books. I like part of this one. I am just not smart enough to understand a lot of what was written about the sickness. I did like the name deadoc. I also enjoyed the language used on Tangier Island. As always Marino is one of my favorites. Dr.Scarpetta is in Ireland, teaching and investigating at the same time. While she is there a body is found in VA. that is like the Ireland caes. She discovers the body in Va. had a rare virus but no one knows for sure what. Dr. Scarpatta and Wingo, her assistant are exposed. Then a body is found on Tangier Island and it has the same virus. The terms and words used are above me. The killer uses e-mail to talk to Scarpetta and uses the name deadoc. The killer is finally caught and it is a very big surprise as to who it is. In the last few pages Scarpetta may finally get Mark out of her system. It is a tough read, maybe just for me. Cornwell has to be very smart to wrote a book like this. Expect to spent a lot of time if you read it. It will take it to try to understand what is going on.
B00001OH1S|4.0|I love this movie, and the soundtrack leaves me with the same feeling that the movie does:  a mood of casual elegance.  But I do have to agree with some other reviewers regarding the length of some of the tracks.<br />The first four tracks run the 3-plus minutes (or more) that an average song runs, but all of the other sequences run one-and-a-half, to two minutes only.  This is disappointing, because some of these songs are very jazz-cool (if I may sound a bit like William Gibson for a moment).  I keep hitting the repeat button on my CD player because, as one of the songs suggests, one listening is never quite enough.<br />I'm not disappointed with the purchase -- I just wish some of the songs went on a bit more.
B000002JQ6|5.0|Seriously, this is not only the best C.D. I own, but it is the best C.D. I have ever listened too!  It's a little different because it's live and because Brian Jonhnson sings it, but it's still great because of the fact that its DIFFERENT, um okay.  If you plan on getting their other C.D.s there isn't much reason to get this C.D. unless you collect them because you can just buy the C.D. with what ever songs you like on here and get the whole C.D.  I bought this and I really don't know if I'm going to buy the other ones.  I'm a young teen who doesn't have a lot of money.  Ac/Dc is a great Metal band- or what I consider Hard Rock because you can actually understand the lyrics.  In this C.D. Angus is still rockin' his guitar like weak sauce.  (You can hear the people in the background screamin' for him.)  One point that you might want to take into consideration is that it takes a while for some songs to start because of the fans screaming mostly.  So this wouldn't be the typical C.D. to play for something with an audience most likely.  I really can't think of anything much else at the moment.  Well, I really glad that I now understand what good music really is.
B00004SYWZ|4.0|I've been a big a-ha fan since &quot;Take On Me&quot;, and I'm very glad to see them back and making something more than worthwhile.  I have heard this album at least 20 times in the last month and broke it down song by song for my review and the results sort of surprised me.  I went by Lyrics, Melody, Musicianship, Production Value, and those Intangibles per song and overall Intangibles for the entire album.  It ends up with a 3.9 out of 5, and mostly because of a few songs with predictable lyrics and more than a few with average production value.  By the latter I mean what the producers did with what they were given, could've been much better, especially with the treatment of Harkett's voice, one of the finest out there.  Too often he sounds like he's singing through a megaphone, or tin can.  Seems like a travesty to water down and thin out such a booming voice.  Also I like the 'big' fiorde-ish (I made that description up just now) sounds of a-ha and other bands from that region, it's hard to find it elsewhere or duplicate, but the producers here also thinned out the sound a little.  The 'Black Dog' remix of the title track which is not on the album is close to perfection, but the same treatment wasn't given to the rest of the songs. While this is no &quot;East of the Sun&quot; or &quot;Scoundrel Days&quot; it is better than the remainder of     a-ha's catalog.  Standouts on this album are the title track, 'Summer Moved On', 'Velvet', 'You'll Never Get Over Me', and 'Mary Ellen Makes The Moment Count', which really shines in almost every category, although once again, vocals could've been mixed better.  On the flip side the songs that needed help in almost every category were 'To Let You Win', 'The Company Man', 'I Wish I Cared', and 'Barely Hanging On'.  Unlike the first 4 albums of a-ha, I found myself either predicting the next line in a song, or thinking they weren't trying very hard on that line.  The melody's are strong though and make up for it.  Classic example is 'You'll Never Get Over Me', great melody especially the chorus, but the verses lyrically are very flat.  The mixing of the woman background vocal brings it down as well.  Done a little smoother and blending in would've made it perfect, but it often sounds like either machine-like, or sampled and over tweaked, a natural voice with that background orchestra sound would've been perfect.  But, summarizing I am very happy with this album overall.  It's too bad that most of the U.S. will ignore it as it's not NSync/Britney/BackStreetBoy-ish enough for them.  Ironically, it's bands like a-ha or other foreign bands I turn to when the U.S. music scene slides this low, or break out the classics.  Thank you a-ha, and don't pass us up on your tour.
6304601425|5.0|In my opinion \\"The 39 Steps\\" was one of Alfred Hitchcock's best British comedy thrillers before he left for Hollywood where he achieved even greater fame and celebrity status.<br /><br />Richard Hannay (Robert Donat) is enjoying a variety show at a London theatre when he meets a mysterious young woman named Annabella Smith (Lucie Mannheim) who is in trouble and seeks his help. He takes her back to his flat where she gives him some important information about a gang of spies who are trying to kill her. (Hannay: \\"It sounds like a spy story\\". Smith: \\"That's exactly what it is\\"). During the night she is murdered with Hannay of course the chief suspect. Although innocent he goes on the run from the police taking a train to Scotland. During the train journey he meets Pamela (Madeleine Carroll) who initially thinks he is a killer but later reluctantly teams up with him when they get to Scotland and eventually believes his story and begins to realise that he is innocent after all. They are involved in many dangerous situations together and get trapped in one tight corner after another while trying to avoid both the villains and the police. They return to London to attempt to solve the mystery where the film reaches a dramatic but satisfactory conclusion.<br /><br />Some favourite lines from the film:<br /><br />Lucie Mannheim (to Robert Donat): \\"I had to get away from the theatre quickly. There were two men there who wanted to kill me\\".<br /><br />Donat (to Madeleine Carroll): \\"There are 20 million women on this island and I've got to be chained to you\\".<br /><br />\\"The 39 Steps\\" was remade in colour in 1959 with Kenneth More and again in 1978 with Robert Powell but neither of these remakes can compare with the original Hitchcock version. For anyone who is interested in spotting Hitchcock's regular cameo appearance this comes quite early in the film as Hannay and the girl he meets at the theatre board a bus to go back to his flat. (Hitchcock is seen as a passer-by throwing some litter into the street). One of Hitchcock's most entertaining early films with his popular \\"innocent man on the run\\" theme he was so fond of.chcock's most entertaining early films with his popular \\"innocent man on the run\\" theme he was so fond of.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This is a truly awesome movie. From the dynamic beginning the surprising ending, this is a terrific movie all the way through. The main character, Maximus, leads his troops into battle in fantasticly setup and executed fight scene like no other I have seen (not even Braveheart). After he is betrayed, he ends up a Gladiator fighting from arena to arena until he finally gets back to Rome. Once in Rome, well, you'll just have to watch for yourself. This is one of the best movies I have seen and definitley the best of 2000. Get this movie.
B000050FEN|2.0|Okay - the art direction, film direction, acting (except maybe Pitt), and overall storyline is both compelling, gripping, and believable. Excellent in its ingredients - save one. The script is understandably disturbing, and forces the audience to come to grips with the a concept many of us choose to look over, what the Catholic tradition calls the 7 deadly sins. The goal of the killer in the movie was to do the same with the media and government, in his own disturbed way. This story would appear to give one the chance to reflect on the state of the &quot;human condition&quot; so to speak. However, I feel the movie &quot;Seven&quot; ultimately fails to do so in the way it could of, and in the end, fails to be the kind of movie I would hope for.<br />(PLOT SPOILER)  For example: at the end of the film, essentially ... wins, by luring Pitt into the final sin, humanity is lost in despair, and we all go home and kill ourselves. No, sorry, I would like to believe that there is a greater power that we can tap, than that of Sin (7 or otherwise) and evil, that is Love. That is why I think the film should have ended thus:<br />Pitt is shocked in the final moments of the film, and Freeman thus realizing what is happening, makes a choice in Love - turning and killing the killer, before Pitt can react. Voice over as Freeman turns and holds Pitt back - &quot;Sometimes we must make a choice to lay down our own lives, careers or otherwise, for the sake of our friends . . .&quot; Or something like that. Wouldn't that be much more inspiring? Hope in the midst of all that evil and death. All the blood and gore, and disturbing imagery in the end lack any need, being devices to evoke emotion, and in the face of the final message - No redeeming value, whatsoever.<br />Sorry. Try &quot;Shawshank Redemption.&quot;
B00001NFCY|4.0|Before I was into music I heard &quot;higher&quot; on the radio and the tune stayed in my head. When I came to liking it I saw this band &quot;creed&quot; and I herd the song &quot;higher&quot; on the radio and I thought it was awasome and I went out to the store and bought Human Clay. I must say it is pretty good. Creed is probaly one of the best bands that appeals to tenage girls. Now, I know its kind of odd that a band like this is nomated in the same catogery of the backstreet boys and nsync, but they truly are good. They are also somewhat grundge revivel. I had to subtract one star because if i hear that song &quot;with arms wide open&quot; i will break the radio. Dont give in to the hype, its not that great of a song and its not the type of song creed stands for.On the other hand, What If might be my most favroite song of all time, its a good, fast paced song with great guitar. Scott stapp has a great, deep voice, mark tremonti has some really good rifts, and brian marshel keeps the beat. I havent gotten my own prison but one of my friends has it and ill probally get it soon, but untill then ill have to settle with this great, solid cd<br />    The best songs on the album are &quot;higher and &quot;what If&quot;
6305531374|1.0|Predictable slasher directed and written on autopilot. The only thing that makes this film differ from all those awful Friday the 13th clones that appeared in the 80's is that Halloween H20's cast is made up of respected (hmm..well..) actors instead of amateurs. Michelle Williams is cute, but who cares about that, you will just fall asleep during this borefeast and miss her anyway.
B00000163G|5.0|In my opinon this CD only comes second to Bone Thugs E. 1999 Eternal.  And the reason I say that is beacause there are a couple of weak tracks, but hey this is 2 CD'S here you cant expect it to be perfect, but its is pretty close.
0679746048|4.0|The style - depersonalised, disjointed, detatched - conveys volumes greater than the words themselves. Too many authors glamorise their experiences of mental distress. Susanna Kaysen describes the truth, the hell ...
0385335482|5.0|Since the US release of Bridget Jones Diary I have read more than my fair share of books about young single women living in London trying to make their way through life. Some were better than others but no one ever got it 100% right. That is until now. This book is dynamite. <br />However, this is no BJ rip off. Its not about weight lost and gained, its not about trying to land a boyfriend, its not a tally of cigarettes smoked or drinks indulged in. It is about shopping. As a confirmed shopaholic myself, I could relate to Becky even more than Bridge. I know first hand the thrill of getting a great deal. I know about skipping important meetings or calling in sick just to got shopping. This book is a shopper's dream. My only regret is that I have never been to London so I do not know all of the shops she refers to. (But now I have a guide of places to visit if I do make it to London anytime soon!) <br />Its a light, quick read but one that was most enjoyable. Its also one I will probably read again and again. Its definately a hit!
B000050FEN|5.0|videophiles.....yes you will be pleased.audio headz too.the pkg. is kinda fight-club like.nothing wrong with that.i would have to consider this a reference dvd when i factor in audio,video,extras(2nd disc),cool menus.this dark crime caper has a horror element to it that is just tastefully done.how can a movie be bad with morgan freeman,brad pitt,and a pleasant suprise factor when a certain actor from &quot;american beauty&quot; shows up as the demented killer?microwave at least 2 bags of popcorn for this thriller!!!
B000000W5B|5.0|Recorded in late 1972, this is the last album where drugs didn't completely control Keith Richards, and it shows. Goat's Head Soup carries on the rich tradition of Exile, Fingers and Beggar's Banquet. Opening with &quot;Dancing With Mr. D&quot;, which displays that raw bluesy sound the Stones are know for, the album touches down with many stand out tracks. Keith's beautiful &quot;Coming Down Again&quot; with a lovely piaon is a gem. The classic &quot;Angie&quot; is a a definite pleaser. Some unknown songs to the casual Stones fan are a real treat--&quot;Silver Train&quot;, &quot;100 Years Ago&quot;, and my personal favorite &quot;Winter&quot;.  The album closes with a raunchy tribute to groupies--&quot;Star Star&quot;. A definite pickup and an album that will showcase everything that has made the Rolling Stones one of the most influential bands of all time.
B000055ZB8|5.0|I had seen &quot;Nosferatu&quot; as a 10 year-old boy, alone, in the darkness of my grandparents' 140 year old house, on a big black-and-white television, and it scared the life out of me. Imagine my glee when I heard about &quot;Shadow of the Vampire,&quot; a  Willem Dafoe/John Malkovich film that fictionalizes the making of &quot;Nosferatu!&quot;<br />My friends and I watched this DVD twice before going to see the new film. Although I'm not as naive as I was at ten, this film is still frightening, and even more interesting. One week before we saw &quot;S of the V,&quot; we watched &quot;Nosferatu&quot; with the organ track. The avant-garde soundtrack sometimes seemed to mock the film, but I think I'll give it another go.<br />The night before we saw &quot;S of the V,&quot; we watched &quot;Nosferatu&quot; again, this time listening to the audio commentary. The commentator's analysis was fascinating, to say the least! If only the he had delivered his information with the same exuberant gusto that Hutter exhibited in the movie!<br />This film should not be bypassed by anyone with an interest in cinema or vampire lore, especially if you own a DVD player. Watch it more than once. It's excellent the first time, and even more so the second!
B00004SCX6|3.0|Stop comparing this album to Pink Floyd, Bob Dylan, it's ludicrous. That's like comparing Public Enemy to Laurie Anderson. They're different sounds and different artists. I hate preprocessed boy bands just like everyone else, but this is just a pop record. A fun little pop record that you listen to when you want to just have a little fun. It's not a serious album filled with protest anthems or issues of the times. It's just a fun record that makes you want to dance when you are happy or when you need a little pick-me-up, that's all. Stop taking the album out of context and you'll see that it serves its purpose (that is, if it has any).
B00005614M|5.0|this Disc is a Classic that just gets better with time.i enjoyed this as much as Kind OF Blue.the Playing here is really Crisp&amp;Cool.Why this set doesn't get as much Love I don't know?this is a Must Have.Miles Shines on this always Challenging Himself.a must have.
B00004W55E|4.0|I just want to give props to Rachelle Ferrell for another incredible album. I recently discovered her thanks to napster (and no thanks to mainstream R&amp;B radio), and she blew me away with the song &quot;Nothing Has Ever Felt Like This&quot; it was simply awe-inspiring, I swear. She has the voice of a seraphin angel. My favorite songs on this incredible album are the title track &quot;Individuality&quot;, &quot;Run To Me&quot; and &quot;Satisfied&quot;. Get this album nowww!
B00004TRD8|4.0|I won't get into the film itself, because it has all been said before about how good this film is. I wrote a review for this DVD a couple of months ago about how it was a waste of money, and I was WRONG. I broke down and bought this DVD and fell in love with it. <br />The menus are loaded with FX, and the main part of the special features is set up as scene selections. You choose from over 30 chapters of text/video features, which include everything from production notes to video clips of the ride at universal studios theme park. The film has 3 versions, including the original version and the special editon(this version does not include the Future Sara ending like the VHS release, instead this scene is part of the special features section) <br />The special edition version does contain several added scenes, including the dream sequence with Kyle. And the disc also includes an audio/video test to calibrate your television and your sound system for optimal performance. My only gripe is that the sound quality is not as good as I had hoped. It of course sounds better than Pro Logic, but does not have the same quality on the DTS track as you might find on Gladiator. But the picture quality is darned good, and I take back everything I have said in the last review about this movie being a waste of money. The price could be a few dollars cheaper, but overall it is a good buy. For another good Arnold movie, I recommend the 6th Day, which will be released in spring of 2001 on DVD.
B000056VIY|2.0|I hate to say it, but this album was way wack. I was expecting big things because she's always in the media, so I was expecting her boyfriend to produce some bomb tracks for the album, but I was saddly mistaken. Don't get me wrong though, there are about 2 tolerable songs on the album, I like &quot;I'm Gonna Be Alright&quot; and &quot;Love Don't Cost A Thing&quot; but that's about it. Get a Janet Jackson album because this is not hitting. Later.
B00004XOWM|1.0|This album was a huge seller before people actually heard it.  This album doesn't nearly measure up to significant other.  It's not good.  It's just not good.
B000051VWW|5.0|Y'all need to stop hating. Sade always puts it down. I love her voice, her backup band, and especially this album. I'll admit, when I first bought this album I was like WTF because all I did was try to compare each track to her old hits on the &quot;Best Of Sade&quot; album just like all of you did. But I soon came to the realization that she is an artist that evolves, and once I got that in my head, I gave the album a second spin and it's just miraculous. Her voice is a god-send, and her lyrics (like always) speak volumes. My favorite songs on this impressive disc are &quot;By Your Side&quot;, &quot;Flow&quot;, &quot;ALL ABOUT OUR LOVE&quot; (I LOVE THAT SONG, NEW CLASSIC PEOPLE, LOOK OUT!!!!!) *after all this time, after all is said and done* ::ahhhhhh:: :-) I also love &quot;The Sweetest Gift&quot; and &quot;Lovers Rock&quot;.   BUY THIS FOR VALENTINES DAY and make everyday valentines! Give yourself a treat this valentines day. Later!
B0000017CA|5.0|This band despite their short lived career will always hold an important place in the metal world. While they never reached the popularity of other high profile U.S bands there is no doubt about this bands enormous potential. The brilliant rythm section is perfectly complimented by the menacing and complimented guitar work from a pair i rate as amongst the finest guitar duos in any band on this planet. On top of the fast, complicated and most of all heavy musicianship (is that spelt right??) is the incredible David Bowie influenced singing voice of frontman Dax Riggs. Dax has a voice that ranges from beautiful melodies to sorrowful crooning to all out death metal screaming.  Not only is dax a great singer he is also an accomplished songwriter, which is evident in the dark, insane yet meaningful lyrics which are delivered with raw emotion and conviction. Each song is great but for me the standouts are &quot;Tranquilized&quot;, &quot;Jezebel&quot;, &quot;Toubabo Koomi&quot;, &quot;Scream of the Butterfly&quot; and the album closer &quot;Cassie eats Cockroaches&quot; which has some cool samples from the Clockwork Orange movie.<br />Also check out the equally impressive follow up album &quot;Paegan Terrorism Tactics&quot; and the &quot;Agents of Oblivion&quot; LP which features former Acid Bath members Dax Riggs and Mike Sanchez.<br />And in response to the comments of that particular reviewer who said that Acid Bath were not recognised outside of New Orleans, your way off because i live in Australia and i own both CD's and i know a number of people who are also avid Acid bath fans.
B00004X01U|4.0|My first Madonna purchase was 1998's Ray of Light and I was not disappointed. Her follow-up effort to that critically acclaimed album is &quot;Music&quot;. It's a very nice album that follows along in the tradition of Ray Of Light. It's a good album, but it's filled with many ballads and slow-sounding type songs. If you like that sort of thing then I suggest you listen to it. My favorite tracks on the album are the title track, Impressive Instant, Runaway Lover, Don't Tell Me, Paradise, What It Feels Like For A Girl, Amazing, I Deserve It, and my absolute fave on the album Nobody's Perfect.
0345440757|1.0|New moms and dads, beware!  This popular book (author is currently making the rounds of TV and radio) is in the &quot;read this book and fix everything&quot; category.  It's simplistic, and does real harm to those who want to respond to their babies in the most loving, natural ways. Babies come with pretty clear signals, and moms come with the equipment to feed and nurture them.  We just have to feel empowered to do so, a response which the author interferes with through schedules, categories, and an overall focus on adults rather than babies.  Take a look at Meredith Small's &quot;Our Babies, Ourselves&quot; for a parenting style which takes into account the needs of babies for a close, &quot;entwined&quot; relationship with their caregivers.  Its far more helpful for anyone who truly wants to know what their baby is telling them.
0425107469|5.0|I think Watchers is about as close as you can come to a perfect book.  It's scary, it's sad, it's uplifting, it's even funny at times.  You'll love all of the characters (even the &quot;bad guys&quot;, and that includes the murderous beast and heartless assassin) by the end of the book, if only because you love to hate them.  Dean Koontz seems to be great at making all his characters seem human, rather than plot elements.  And if you don't love Einstein by the end of the book, you're a heartless loner who hates the world.  I haven't read any other Dean Koontz novels (although I'm starting Strangers), but I can't imagine that the other ones could be any better.  By the way, if you're thinking about giving this book a pass because &quot;it's not your type of book&quot;, let me assure you that whatever type of book is &quot;yours&quot;, Watchers is it.  It has something for everyone.  BUY THIS BOOK.
B00000JCOV|4.0|I must say, this is like 1 of 5 of the nu metal bands I like, who also include Coal Chamber, System of a Down, Kittie and Stuck Mojo.  This is definitely a drummer's album.  #1 is very underrated, his drumming often overlooked by the screaming vocals and effects.  The lyrics are incredible, much more intense than those other Korny-Defty-Limpy bands.  And if you want some really good moshing, YOU HAVE to see these guys live!  They are INSANE!  Now, when are the next Tool and Death albums coming out?
0446677450|5.0|I get hundreds of e-mails a year from new investors who want to know how to get started on a profitable path.  I always tell them to begin their reading list with Rich Dad, Poor Dad.  Then I tell them to go on to Cash Flow Quadrant.  Even if you are an experienced investor, there are important lessons here that you may not yet be following. Take a look!<br />The title of this book is a little misleading. I thought that this was going to be a survey-based study of millionaire parents versus nonmillionaire parents. My mistake! Actually, the premise is more personal and intersting than that. Mr. Robert Kiyosaki compares the financial and career advice (study hard, get lots of education, go the for secure job) from his poor Ph.D father with the advice the 8th grade drop-out rich father of his friend, Mike, gave him (get your money to work for you, become financially literate, develop your own business and investment opportunities, learn a little of a lot of things, use corporations and tax breaks to reinvest more into cash producing assets, and work at what you enjoy). The story is wonderfully told, and one worth passing along to your children and grandchildren.<br />For those who don't understand why this is good advice, Sharon Lechter has done a nice job of creating schematics to show how cash flows can grow or dwindle, based on how you allocate your income. This is the simplest effective explanation of the point of cash compounding based on its application for all of a person's spending that I have seen. Although I am good at math, I suspect that people who are not good at math will get the point, as well.<br />The main difference between this book and the typical investment books is that it provides some tangible sense of why cash flow producing real estate does you more good than owning your own home. With real estate net worth at an all-time low versus the stock market net worth in the aveage household and interest rates soaring, we are probably approaching a superb time to be doing some low-cost real estate investing. Every other investment book will be all about stocks, and ignore real estate.<br />Naturally, I fell in love with the book when I realized that the authors shared my philosophy of overcoming 'stalled' thinking. There is an excellent chapter on stalls related to fears of losing money, behaving differently than others, and so forth that most people have about money. The stallbusting advice is sound. In fact, this is probably the best chapter in the book.<br />Whether you think you need this book or not, read it anyway. You'll probably get a few ideas. For sure, you'll become much more adept at formulating the advice you pass along to younger people. Also, you'll have found a good book to help those you care about become much more financially savvy and effective.<br />Invest, build your after-tax cash flows, reinvest, and grow rich!rb time to be doing some low-cost real estate investing. Every other investment book will be all about stocks, and ignore real estate.<br />Naturally, I fell in love with the book when I realized that the authors shared my philosophy of overcoming 'stalled' thinking. There is an excellent chapter on stalls related to fears of losing money, behaving differently than others, and so forth that most people have about money. The stallbusting advice is sound. In fact, this is probably the best chapter in the book. <br />Whether you think you need this book or not, read it anyway. You'll probably get a few ideas. For sure, you'll become much more adept at formulating the advice you pass along to younger people. Also, you'll have found a good book to help those you care about become much more financially savvy and effective. <br />Invest, build your after-tax cash flows, reinvest, and grow rich!
B00000J2SQ|4.0|This is one of the best RAINBOW all time albuns, even featuring &quot;cheesy -totally pop-oriented&quot; singer Joe Lynn Turner. Roger GLover is playing his bass with a long time forgotten passion, Blackmore solos are great, showing his mastership without being indulgent. Booby Rondinelli drums are also perfetc, tight and cohesive. The keyboards, of course, are only figurants here. The best songs are by far &quot;Death Alley Driver&quot;, &quot;Stone Cold&quot;, &quot;BRing on the Night&quot;, &quot;Power&quot; and &quot;Eyes of FIre&quot;. The rest is cool, adn some of them really lead us to the great times of Deep Purple. THis CD is much, much better than the lousy &quot;DIFFICULT TO CURE&quot;, an outrageous attempt to go radio-friendly, led by Joe Lynn Turner ( how Blackmore accepted it, I still dont know ).
6302891272|5.0|I think I need to pay more attention to these reviews when I write them! I goofed on my review of Shadowland (feel free to check it out), and now I've screwed up here! Arrgh!<br />In my review, I made a reference to Tatsuya Nakadai, an actor who's appeared in other Kurosawa films, being in Throne of Blood. Well, he wasn't, and a quick check of the videocassette would have proved that. The actor I meant to name was Takashi Shimura, not Nakadai. Don't see how I could possibly confuse the two -- except to say that I'm not the best with names (gee, ya think?) and I just wasn't paying attention that day. Once again, I apologize for my dishonorable inattention to detail.
4789004546|5.0|This book is a great reference.  It contains a grammar index at the back allowing you to look up what you want to say in English.  For example, need to know how to express &quot;While something happened, something else happened?&quot;  No problem - look up &quot;while&quot; in the index, which guides you to &quot;aida,&quot; &quot;nagara,&quot; and &quot;uchi.&quot;  Each entry explains in detail how to construct an appropriate sentence, with plenty of examples.  There are also notes that tell you the differences between similar expressions (e.g., &quot;aida&quot; and &quot;nagara&quot; are interchangeable under certain conditions, &quot;uchi ni&quot; is more appropriate under these conditions, etc.).  It is on the expensive side, but is well worth it, especially considering it is a hefty 600+ pages containing around 200 grammar entries in small font.  I use this book every day when writing Japanese, and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for the ultimate Japanese grammar reference - an awesome book!
B00005214X|5.0|In 1970, after the break-up of the Beatles, George Harrison released an unprecedented three album collection.  This contains all the songs that were not used by the Beatles and represents not just Harrisons' own great songwriting skills but the collective talents of many others; such as Eric Clapton, Ringo Starr, Jim Gordon, Klaus Voorman, Billy Preston, Dave Mason, Badfinger and legendary producer Phil Spector who had a great time managing this project.  This collection contains 23 original and unique, varied-styled songs along with five great bonus tracks.  Standing out among these 'additional tracks' are the demo/instrumentals of &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot; and the great &quot;What Is Life&quot; (a song Harrison refers to as &quot;novelty&quot;, but one that contains a magic mood that begs re-listening).  The double CD set rounds off with five jam sessions with all the above mentioned artists.  The entire repetoire carries forth a mood of tranquility, excitement, moodiness and a solemn atmosphere that transcends most Beatles songs.  It is pure George Harrison and perhaps his best piece of work.  Not being a 'jewel box' this package may collapse after a few years, as it is boxed exactly like the original three albums were...only smaller.  God bless George and Phil for lasting this long to remind us what great music is all about.
B000056VPD|5.0|George Benson begins his proformance  stating &quot;Ireland remind me of Heaven&quot;. Well, this DVD is Heaven bound!  The selection of songs, the Big Band, and his proformance is unbelievable.  The video is clear and the sound is great. George performs his great hits with the help of Joe Sample.  This DVD is a most have for all George Benson supporters.
B000035Z3K|4.0|Contrary to popular belief, Dracula was not the first horror movie to utilise sound, although it was among the first and indisputably  among the best of the first. Having scored promisingly with The Blackbird (1925) and The Unknown (1927), director Tod Browning and star Lon Chaney were obvious choices to helm Universal's first horror movie in the early sound period. Universal had earlier purchased the film rights to the Broadway play, Dracula, which had run with some success in the late 1920s. When Chaney died of cancer in 1930, the studio turned to the Hungarian stage actor - Bela Lugosi - who had played the Broadway role to some acclaim in 1927. The creative result, Browning's Dracula (1931), launched possibly the most fruitful period for the horror genre in the context of mainstream Hollywood studio production. It also launched the career of Bela Lugosi, a definitive icon of the horror genre and undoubtedly one of its most committed stars. Browning's version is not, however, a Dracula for the purists, deriving its narrative cues more directly from the Broadway play than Bram Stoker's original source novel. Equally, Lugosi's showy performance is not to all tastes, with a sizeable number of genre fans detracting his grand guignol interpretation in relation to the spirit of Stoker's original vampire and Max Schreck's groundbreaking performance in 1921's Nosferatu. Yet as cinema Dracula works pretty well, aided in no small part by the atmospheric cinematography of the great Karl Freund (who had pioneeringly cut his chops on Murnau's 1921 Nosferatu) and the assured direction of Browning. Admittedly, there is a somewhat dated staginess about both Lugosi's performance as well as the film's last half. But there is no doubting the sincerity and commitment Lugosi invests in the role and his sometimes melodramatic flourishes do indeed enhance the weird creepiness of the film. There is probably also no denying that Lugosi's enthusiastic rendition of the Dracula character isthe one that most occupies the horror iconography of casual movie audiences and is also probably the reason why he found himself forever typecast. Even Lugosi's only possible rival in this regard, Christopher Lee, appears to have drawn significantly on Lugosi's interpretation in making the character his own after 1958. It is worth mentioning too that - for all his critics - Lugosi has an equally strong cult following who fervently regard his as the definitive Dracula. Dracula also benefits in no small amount from some intriguing supporting performances, particularly Dwight Frye's superbly deranged Renfield and Edward van Sloan originating the role of Dracula's nemesis Professor van Helsing with great credibility. For collectors, the value of Dracula as an acquisition - other than that it stands on its own as a cracking good horror movie - is manifold. Firstly, it is among the first horror movies produced with sound dialogue and effects. Secondly, notwithstanding earlier talkies like The Bat Whispers, it is the movie that launched both the Universal cycle of horror movies that would dominate the 1930s as well as the horror rush in general over that period. Thirdly, it is the first sound genre entry in the Tod Browning filmography. Fourthly, it is the first and best genre outing for Bela Lugosi, whose filmography - like Browning's - would develop to take in a sizeable span of the horror genre's foundational works. Of related interest to collectors is director Paul Kohner's Spanish-language version of Dracula shot simultaneously on the same Universal sets. Starring Carlos Villarias and Lupita Tovar, the Spanish version was shot at night after Browning and his American crew had wrapped. Given their contemporaneous thematic relationship and common set design, the English and Spanish versions make for fruitful back-to-back viewing, if only to compare the different choices made by Browning and Kohner within the same visual parameters. In any case, whether actively sought or not, collectors can consider the Spanish version added value, since the official DVD of Browning's film contains the Spanish version as well (together with an alternative version of Browning's Dracula with an updated musical soundtrack).
B000001FOS|2.0|Its very funny. The great guitar player who wrote powerful metal songs about vikings and queens, now singing chorus as &quot; OOOH , NOW ITS THE TIME, FEELING YOUR HEART SO CLOSE TO TIME...&quot; ( from the song &quot;Now Its the Time&quot; ). Then, we have the &quot;majestic&quot; (Im joking ) &quot;HEAVEN TONIGHT&quot;, that should make Bon Jovi and Poison proud. Joe Lynn Turner managed to do the same thing he did while he was in RAINBOW: convince the great guitarrists that it was time to make some money and sell out. Of course this album has great guitar playing by Yngwie. But its so heartless and cheesy, its almost unbeliavable it was recorded that way. Forget it.
0790749998|2.0|A virtual kitsch of gore and senseless action.It is supposed to take off from where Matrix left off but except for some hanging around suspended in the air, throwing around limbs,the film disintegrates into the thin air.With a story line that is as thick as the air in your garden it's no wonder that the fil relies entirley on action factor but falls flat on it's face
B000056VPD|3.0|This is a project that should have been done when GB was in top form, conquering the world: the 70's. Unfortunately, it wasn't, resulting in nil 70's video output and this too-late show from 2000. It's not bad at all, and often very enjoyable, but if you're old enough to remember how this guy used to absolutely tear up the stage with his guitar pyrotechnics and incredibly soulful, soaring voice, this show might disappoint you. Age and a lot of touring/singing has taken its toll on his voice, but not to an intolerable degree. He tends to scream or slur off tough notes instead of hitting them melodiously like he used to, and his voice is raspy and harsh occasionally. He's had these tendencies as far back as the 80's though. The parts that are hardest to deal with are those on which he attempts to scat without his guitar - he just can't do it very well anymore. He needs the guitar in unison with his voice to keep him from getting silly. GB does have a quirky sense of humor, and you'll see it in this show (particularly when an older woman hops onstage and dances with him - his look of alarm is priceless!), but it doesn't serve him well when singing or scatting - it's at these moments when he seems to be just parodying himself.<br />For this show, he was trying very hard to please, and it shows. He sometimes tries to do a little more vocally than he's capable of, but he can still do ANYTHING he wants to on guitar. The highlight in this respect is &quot;Danny Boy&quot;, a solo instrumental in which he emulates the sound of bagpipes on guitar. It's an amazing, virtuoso performance, reminiscent of his early days. When GB has a guitar in his hands, he's still a very dangerous man. But he spends half of the show guitar-free, as usual, which is mystifying considering his obsession with pleasing people. <br />The biggest downer with the first half of show are the bland, lifeless arrangements and GB's need to get warmed up. The BBC Orchestra plays without any big band fire at all. I was really disappointed for a while; the songs seemed very slow in comparison to the album versions, and everyone seemed to be just going through the motions - zero inspiration. &quot;Beyond The Sea&quot;, for example, was pathetic, with GB's lousy vocal and the band playing as if they were in molasses. GB just doesn't work as a lead singer for a big band - he doesn't have the vocal firepower anymore. Then Joe Sample comes out for a few passionless songs from &quot;Absolute Benson&quot;. Those tunes (except for The Ghetto, which is good) are reminiscent of his &quot;Collaboration&quot; album; weak, aimless melodies in the Earl Klugh fashion, with the obligatory, bland solo spots. Same overproduced junk he's been doing since the 80's. Up to this point, halfway through, with the weak performances and frequent, weird costume changes (why does he feel the need to wear a hot, snazzy suit all the time?), it looked like hope was lost. <br />However, GB finally turned up the heat by returning to his glory days: &quot;This Masquerade&quot;, &quot;Breezin&quot; (with a great arrangement that he obviously likes to improvise to), and many of his other hits are marvelously performed. This is where the crowd gets really pumped up and comes alive, as do GB, the band, and the viewer. He sings these songs more passionately than the rest. Again, when he picks up his guitar (and stops the silly dancing and mugging), his inspiration level increases and the music sometimes catches fire. Although, I wish he'd have gotten the old group back together for this gig: Ronnie Foster, Ralph MacDonald, Harvey Mason, Phil Upchurch. With those guys, he could actually improvise, instead of just being the &quot;star of the show&quot; and playing the hits with a generic backing group. His group was a major key to his greatest music, and the guys playing with him at this show are okay, but seem afraid to do anything but play the chord changes. These isn't much interaction between them and GB. At least the great Stanley Banks is still with him.<br />The DVD quality is fine. The 5.1 sound is excellent and a blast to hear, although I thought the keyboards were mixed too low. George is WAY out front, but has sound great. The picture is good, high res, but a widescreen format for something like this puzzles me. <br />I think it's safe to say GB's most creative musical days, and best singing, are behind him. But it's okay; people get older. His guitar skills are unaffected. This DVD is a good show, but sort of like hearing Sinatra in his later years. He's not what he used to be, and it takes a hell of a lot of effort to get back to (or near) that level on a song-per-song basis. I think GB can do better, but this is what was released, so I'll take what I'm given.
B00004XQ83|4.0|I can't believe this disc is so high in the Amazon.com rankings. Just goes to show you, if you put something good in front of people they'll still eat it right up. Ralph Stanley must be laughing. I don't think he's had a crossover hit like this in his 50+ year career.<br />But hey folks. This stuff has been around a while. Check out any of Dr. Ralph's or the Stanley Brothers' back catalog - dozens of listings here on Amazon.<br />The song &quot;O Death&quot; is an oldie all right. It comes from an English broadside of the 16th century! There's a towering version by Bessie Jones of the Georgia Sea Islands on volume 12 of &quot;Southern Journey,&quot; the reissue of Alan Lomax's historic recordings put out by Rounder Records. Get the whole series - you won't be sorry.<br />But the best way to experience old-time music is live. Like in the parking lot of the annual Old Fiddlers Convention in Galax, Virginia. Yeah, people are still making music like this, and you can too!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This CD automatically gets 5 stars- it's The Beatles, after all, and while this only collects the 27 #1 A-Side singles they released, it's still a great collection.<br />If you are only a casual listener of The Beatles's music, then purchase this one. If you're a serious music fan then you should already have all of The Beatles's studio releases and the &quot;Past Masters&quot; collections anyway. <br />There's nothing else to say, really. My favourite one is George.
0399146253|1.0|Follow my advice! This book is a waste of time and money. Not only do you have to trudge through 100 pages before anything remotely interesting happens, it never goes anywhere. You're constantly thinking, &quot;OK Patricia, I got the fact that Kay Scarpetta is smart. I got that fact that she is in emotional distress. Can we move on?&quot; I've read several of her mystery novels and have gotten the notion that Kay is the fictional ideal that women readers find interesting and admirable because she is extremely intelligent and beautiful. However, on the other side, enough with the &quot;Men can't handle strong women&quot; tangent in the story line! It was played to death in Black Notice and The Last Precinct. Do yourself a favor and skip this one. Unless you read the previous two novels you won't understand any of what she's griping about anyway. A very poor effort.
B00003CWL6|4.0|As an aspiring screenwriter, I was really impressed by the extra features on this DVD.  My favorite feature works on a PC with a DVD; unfortunately it doesn't work on your TV's DVD player.  It contains a copy of the script broken up in chapters.  You can read each part of the script and play that part of the movie in a small separate window while you read along.  I'm hoping this will be an excellent learning tool for me.<br />Now for the movie itself:  I loved it.  I wish I could give it four and a half stars since I reserve those 5 star ratings for true classics.  It remains to be seen yet if this becomes a real classic.  There was a line in Kevin Spacey's voiceover that goes something like this:  &quot;You know, it's been said that every day is the first day of the rest of your life.  And that's true of every day except one:  the day you die.&quot;  I was struck by this line the very first time I watched this movie in the theater, and I instantly wished that I had written it.  This is a tribute to Alan Ball, who wrote a fantastic script.
B000002HH2|5.0|Many have called Bjork Gudmundsdottir's music 'strange' and 'distant'. Nothing could be more true. Yet, how incredibly lucky we are to have a performer and musician of her caliber with us today. Her second solo album 'Post' was Bjork's most defining moment, bringing both critical and commercial success all at once. It also established her as the Goddess of 90's electronica (Even Tricky said that she was by far, the best alternative musician in the world at the moment) and set the stage for her even more experimental and deviant work, such as her third album 'Homogenic', and her recent 'Selmasongs'. Many reviews will tell you how to approach 'Post' as an album, but I wish to dwell upon the tracks that I like best, and the ones I think that are most representative of Bjork's musical genius :<br />1. Hyperballad - This was released as a single early on, and is one of Bjork's most profound lyrical pieces. Speaking as a waif-child who gets her peace by throwing bottles and cutlery from a cliff early in the morning before her lover wakes up (how profound is that?) Bjork goes on to tell us that she does all of this so that she can feel happier and at peace. I haven't thrown cutlery from a cliff before and haven't plunged headlong to land on rocks below either, but Bjork's suggestion that this could bring calmness is very intriguing. One of the best tracks on the album.<br />2. These Modern Things - One of my favorite Bjork tracks. She informs us that all our modern appliances, such as refrigerators, washing machines and iron presses, have actually been hiding in a mountain, waiting for the right time to come out and let us use them. How terrible for these poor machines, to be locked up voluntarily for centuries, and listening to the annoying sounds of dinosaurs all the while. The most captivating feature of this track is Bjork's occasional lapse into her native Icelandic, lending the song a chilling effect that I haven't quite got over. I'll never again visit a mountain top without wondering what the caves hold.<br />3. Its Oh so Quiet - Bjork's most commercial song to date is also the most fun thing shes done. Very reminiscent of 'Cvalda' ('Clatter Crash Bang' is' Zing Boom' here), Bjork sings about falling in love and all the motions you then go through. I found this lyrically boring and not very interesting, but the musical arrangements are impeccable. As all of Bjork's songs are.<br />4. Possibly Maybe - Many Bjorkians would say that this track is one of the strongest on the album, but to me it seems a filler, but a good one nonetheless. Bjork's views on love and its' use in modern life are all extremely perceptive and novel. But I wonder if she herself practices what she sings about. Probably not. If she did what she tells us to in 'Hyperballad', we wouldn't have heard from her past 1994.<br />5. Isobel - The faeire speaks! In this song, Bjork is an elf mutant who lives below the ground, and occasionally comes out to visit the sunlight and her friends the plants. Her name is Isobel and she lives by herself. She likes to travel but she hasn't ever really left her little elf-hole. She is also very spiritual and likes to read and write. But Isobel likes to be lonely, and this ails her so. We later find out what happens to 'Isobel' in Bjork's song 'Bachelorette' from the 'Homogenic' album. I hope she's alright.<br />These are the songs from 'Post' that I hold dear to heart. The others are fine, and there is one particular ballad that is also quite profound, but I must say that these five do it for me. The one song I did not care for much is 'Headphones' but I know that upon repeat listens I'll get into it. If you haven't heard this album yet, I suggest that you get it immediately. It is an ideal introduction to Bjork's work. And if you have a chance, look around for Bjork's 1977 album (she was 12 at the time). The track about the fussy reindeer is extremely important to any Bjork lover.<br />Highly Recommended.op without wondering what the caves hold.<br />3. Its Oh so Quiet - Bjork's most commercial song to date is also the most fun thing shes done. Very reminiscent of 'Cvalda' ('Clatter Crash Bang' is' Zing Boom' here), Bjork sings about falling in love and all the motions you then go through. I found this lyrically boring and not very interesting, but the musical arrangements are impeccable. As all of Bjork's songs are.<br />4. Possibly Maybe - Many Bjorkians would say that this track is one of the strongest on the album, but to me it seems a filler, but a good one nonetheless. Bjork's views on love and its' use in modern life are all extremely perceptive and novel. But I wonder if she herself practices what she sings about. Probably not. If she did what she tells us to in 'Hyperballad', we wouldn't have heard from her past 1994.<br />5. Isobel - The faeire speaks! In this song, Bjork is an elf mutant who lives below the ground, and occasionally comes out to visit the sunlight and her friends the plants. Her name is Isobel and she lives by herself. She likes to travel but she hasn't ever really left her little elf-hole. She is also very spiritual and likes to read and write. But Isobel likes to be lonely, and this ails her so. We later find out what happens to 'Isobel' in Bjork's song 'Bachelorette' from the 'Homogenic' album. I hope she's alright.<br />These are the songs from 'Post' that I hold dear to heart. The others are fine, and there is one particular ballad that is also quite profound, but I must say that these five do it for me. The one song I did not care for much is 'Headphones' but I know that upon repeat listens I'll get into it. If you haven't heard this album yet, I suggest that you get it immediately. It is an ideal introduction to Bjork's work. And if you have a chance, look around for Bjork's 1977 album (she was 12 at the time). The track about the fussy reindeer is extremely important to any Bjork lover.<br />Highly Recommended.
B00003CXMG|5.0|This movie has a bit of everything. Drama, romance action you name it this movie has it.I haven't seen a movie like this in a long time. This is definetly a collectors item.
B000001FOS|1.0|&quot;HOLD ON&quot;, &quot;NOW IT'S THE TIME&quot;, &quot;HEAVEN TONIGHT&quot;, &quot;DREAMING&quot; ?? What is this ? A NSYNC album ??!! OF course Malmsteen is playing fast as ever, his solos at the speed of light. But this CD is awful, due to the presence of Joe Lynn Turner on it, one the worst so-called &quot;metal&quot; vocalists ever to arise. Owner of a great voice, he unfortunately only wants to sing cheesy songs.
6304994540|3.0|I'm a fan of the Coen brothers but I mostly prefer their darker movies such as &quot;Miller's Crossing&quot; and &quot;Fargo&quot;, so I was initially disappointed with &quot;Big Lebowski&quot;.  Watching the paper-thin plot and Jeff Bridges do his bumbling stoner routine throughout the movie didn't do it for me the first time.  Like most of the Coens' movies though, I think this one rewards repeat viewings.  Once you don't have to worry about the story and you can just sit back and enjoy the characters, the show is a fun ride.<br />Jeff Bridges is well-cast as &quot;The Dude&quot;, the white-Russian-loving Californian caught up in a twisted kidnapping case after two thugs show up to whiz on his favorite rug.  His character was a lot more enjoyable the second time I saw this flick.  I wish I could say the same for John Goodman's turn as an overbearing 'Nam vet; I usually like him but I thought it was painful to watch him chew up scenery in this movie.  Pretty much all of the supporting characters are entertaining, especially John Turturro as a bowling ex-pedophile and Julianne Moore as a detached avant-garde artist.  Nice touches: Ben Gazzara's bit as a porn magnate was reminiscent of his strip-club-owner's role in &quot;Killing of a Chinese Bookie&quot;, and there is a great gag in his mansion that references a hotel-room scene in &quot;North by Northwest&quot;.<br />The movie does have some &quot;Hey, look what we can do with a camera!&quot; moments, but they're usually appropriately surreal and entertaining.  My main complaint is the fuzzy, aimless, along-for-the-ride style.  &quot;Lebowski&quot; has enough amusing gags and characters to make it enjoyable to watch, but watching it leaves me feeling as stoned and dim as the lead character.  It's perfect as a late-night drunk-but-not-ready-to-go-to-bed flick, though.
B00004XONN|1.0|The best part of this album was the last 3+ minutes of DEAD SILENCE! &quot;Kid A&quot; makes no sense, has no structure. Songs should be like books: have a beginning, middle and end. Every song on &quot;Kid A&quot; starts as seemingly random playing of instruments with no dynamics at all and continues that way until the 2-second pause before the next group of random notes and erratic mumblings of &quot;vocals&quot;. I give &quot;Kid A&quot; a zero; it's not &quot;catchy&quot; (which I guess would make Radiohead GENIUS by way of non-conformity) and you can't dance to it even if you were able to escape from it's brain-sucking, deadening trance.
B000002L9S|5.0|I just have to say that this album has got to be one of the best albums of all time! I love Madonna she is extremely talented (regardless of what critics may say)and has a real beautiful and sensual voice.If your a Madonna fan this is a MUST have! Madonna is often imitated but never duplicated!
B000056K04|3.0|There are different kinds of Dave Matthews Band fans. Before you read this review, you should understand the type that I am. I own every one of his CD releases. My favourite album is Crash, but I do not like songs such as Too Much, and Drive In Drive Out. I also very much admire the dark BTCS, and love Live at Luther College. Listener Supported sucked. I like Dave Matthews when I am able to lose myself in his music, in washes of sound, textured feelings and whispered words. I like Say Goodbye, Two Step, Crush, #40, Pay For What You Get, and others.<br />Now. _Everyday_. What's the deal?<br />My apprehension was confirmed. I listened to I Did It online, like everyone else, and thought &quot;What a lousy song.&quot; They sounded like a guitar rock band. They still do. _Everyday_ is a disappointing, commercial album. Not that DMB weren't commercial, but this album shows a shift towards the -conventional-. They sound like a wussier version of some faceless guitar rock band (Big Wreck, Matchbox 20), with the occasional saxophone squawk. The album feels soft, flat, homogenous. It in no way parallels the dense, Lillywhite production that I adored on BTCS. The finest moments on the disc (Everyday, The Space Between) are during those lilting seconds where the instruments still fill the sounds, fill the emotions, and those individual layers are audible (eg: the chorus on Space Between). I am uninterested in hearing a male vocalist singing good (but not terrific) lyrics, with uninteresting electric guitars and drums. Boyd's violin sounds like the contribution of a session musician who was hanging around. Thanks Rick.<br />Muh. If you've heard I Did It, the album doesn't sound like that. It sounds like a muffled version of that. At one point in Fool To Think (if memory serves), a Hammond organ chimes in. Rather than sounding like a groovy, slidin' and welcome addition (as I feel it does on old Wallflower tunes, for instance - although I do not praise the Wallflowers, usually),it merely sounds boring. It's hardly even notable, recognizable. It contributes -nothing- to the song, adds no heart.<br />Ballard produced Aerosmith? It shows. This is an album without personality, an album that has lost its heart. Some of the songs are -really nice-, but they just sound... off. <br />DMB has a different sound, and the change is a step towards Adult Contemporary, not towards Maturity. Buy it, if you're a fan, but prepare to be disappointed. *sigh* Back to my Gomez albums.
0767805712|4.0|For the most part this is a pretty interesting movie, despite the fact that there is little of the action and (especially) special effects that most people expect from the science fiction genre. It involves a future in which eugenics is the norm and genetically perfect children (great looking, superbly healthy, highly intelligent, no acne) are produced to become an elite of athletes, engineers or astronauts, while people conceived under more normal circumstances (i.e. after a night of hot passion), become janitors. \\"Gattaca\\" is thus something of a philosophical discussion about how far humanity's ability to control nature should go and what the consequences may be. This description may make it sound a bit dull, but the movie is well-made with a good cast, so the story moves along. The movie's alluring, moody atmosphere is very captivating as well. My only problem with it is that the central character (played by Ethan Hawke), not a product of genetic engineering, is *so* imperfect: he has lousy vision, a congenitally weak heart and a 30-year life expectancy, even though he had two perfectly healthy parents. This stark contrast between genetically engineered and \\"normal\\" people is grossly overdone to create more dramatic effect, but it's not very believable and it takes away from the entire story. \\"Gattaca\\" might have been a more interesting and challenging movie if the central character was only a little less perfect than his genetically engineered peers - then one could truly question why he is the subject of blatant discrimination.
B00003CXBK|5.0|Princess Mononoke (ie: Mononoke Hime) is viewed as by many as one of Hayao Miyazaki shows just how truly well animation can be done, and the DVD shows everyone just what the format can do.<br />This DVD is my new reference disc for my custom home theater system business and I would strongly suggest also watching the movie, for it is an excellent work of art.
0440539811|5.0|We all live in a golden submarine...a golden submarine...a golden submarine.  Oh what it must be like to travel with Hagbard's crew!  Fnord! I always knew dolphins were smarter than us and I KNEW there was something just not right about the dollar bill and the pyramid thing. For any of you wondering if this book is worth the read...ignore everything you've heard and discover it for yourself.  Fnord! I guarantee you'll never be the same again, but in a positive kind of paranoid way.<br />I feel sorry for people who didn't like the book.  Closed minds abound in the world, I guess.  I just think anyone who doesn't find entertainment value (at a minimum) in this book needs to get a sense of humor and OPEN their eyes.  Fnord!  So without further ado...what are you waiting for?  Get your hands on a copy of the Trilogy (as it's affectionately called within Fnord! circles), drop everything, quit work or school, and tune in!
B000002P5R|2.0|Jimi hadnt really changed his style since 1966, and there's the problem. It's hard to be objective after his tragic death, but sounds like he's in a rut here. Try his earlier albums.
B000002AT6|4.0|James Horner has written a classic score for &quot;Legends Of The Fall&quot;. His sweeping strings and powerful themes create the perfect emotions for each scene in the movie, and as an album , it plays almost perfectly. The highlight of the album has to be track 2, &quot;The Ludlows&quot;. Opening with the delicate sound of Horner's piano playing, and then bursting into theme soon after. &quot;Off To War&quot; shows how Horner can create mysterious and enchanting pieces of music without loosing site of the theme he has just created, continuously reminding us of it with short bursts of full orchestra. Even the action cues are listenable (which is no easy feat!) and Horner resists the temptation of using heavy percusion to create mood, and instead relies solely on melody, which, in my opinion works so much better. Horner is often critised for the similarities between his scores,no such problem here, in my opinon, this is his most origial score, and close to being his best and if you are already a James Horner fan, or maybe just a score fan, this album is certainly for you! And if you are neither of these, then this is a perfect first time buy!
B00004XONN|4.0|Radiohead have always been a band that i have admired, as they are always setting examples for other bands to follow.  The new album is full of top quality songs ranging from Treefingers and Kid A to Idiotegue and Morning bell.  Any Radiohead fan will like the album and i think this new one will also them a legion of new fans
B00004TH7Z|4.0|The new CD &quot;Brave New World&quot; is certainly a highlight in the list of 2000 releases. The first thing one notices is the return of Bruce Dickinson at the vocal helm for the mighty maiden, and a grand return it is,Bruce sings like he is 24 instead of 44 on this one. But if you dig deeper into the musical landscapes of this CD you will find a continuation of the musical progression that started with the 1995 release &quot; The X Factor $Qthe slow introduction to songs and more mid tempo songs remind me of the Blaze era. The music is more raw and in your face than the last two releases but maintains the sense of haunting melody that Maiden is so well known for. Almost a perfect effort from these British legends
0385484518|1.0|I hesitate to give this book a bad review--it seems that most readers out there think anyone critical about &quot;Tuesday's with Morrie&quot; is the same kind of person who goes around pulling kittens's tails. Nevertheless, I'm going to go ahead and list  my (almost) endless problems with this book. My deepest reservations--no, let me make that fury--have to do with Mitch Albom himself. As far as I could tell with internet research, the author's life has not changed one iota--except to make him astonishingly wealthy. Has he given it all up to join a religious order? Has he even become a teacher--or has he continued to be a sportswriter(a job that he felt vaguely guilty about) only this time with the added panache of being a best-selling author? Members of my book club claimed that it didn't matter if Albom had changed or not--he was just a conduit for Morrie's wisdom. I maintain that it just shows that Morrie's insights were neither particularly original or profound if he couldn't even change the life of the man at his bedside. Morrie's imminent death may have given him a bully pulpit, but it didn't give him any particular wisdom or enlightenment except for this: yes, we are all mortal, and often living moment by moment is the best way to be happy. I take serious exception to many of his other statements which are just this: the conclusions from the life experiences of one man who spent his entire life in academia. So growing older makes you wiser, and that the truths that he discovered at the end of his life were the best ones? Oh, really? Who says? Don't people become sometimes rigid or embittered, and don't we sometimes lose the idealism and freshness of youth? So accomplishments mean very little, and that relationships are the most important things in life. Why must this be so? Did Michaelangelo (to cite an extremely obvious example) feel this way? And why must other people accept this as THE truth? As to his statement that people are all the same all over--yes,there are universal needs and wants, but the way a culture conditions us to express these things can make us profoundly different. Isn't it almost insulting to make a remark like that when there is so much dissent in the world? A diplomat would probably roll his eyes at such a naive platitude. Now, I know people who are suffering from serious illness, or witnessing the decline of a parent, and they say that this book has helped them. But for the average person who isn't facing a crisis but says that this book has somehow changed them--sorry, I don't buy it. I think for  typical readers it gives a momentary jolt as to the recognition of their own mortality, even makes then shed a tear or two, but is soon forgotten under the pressures of everyday life. It's just another book that swears to hold THE truth on how to live your life and doesn't deliver--but does make the authors and publishers rich in the process.
B000002KNY|5.0|unfairly dismissed as a transitional album bridging the nervous nerdiness of the first two albums and the african polyrhythms of remain in light, fear of music stands as a great album in its own right. The songs are top notch as are the lyrics and byrne/eno's production. don't listen to anyone else- this is as good as the heads other masterpiece, more songs about buildings and food!
B0000004V2|5.0|i loved this album so much i had to buy it twice...well, only to replace my worn down cassette...nobody who considers themselves a fan of modern music should be without this album, i'm just saddened that i wasn't able to see them when they came to TO back in '95, even given the hostile atmosphere the boys were creating at that time...if you don't have this album, shame!
B000002UZ1|1.0|So you want a Beatles greatest hits album.  You see two old and one new compilations on the racks -- the much toted BEATLES 1 or the RED and BLUE ALBUMS respectively.  Reasoning it out, you see both are double discs whereas BEATLES 1 is only a single disc.  You want to know the sad part?  BEATLES 1 is longer than both individually.  Why?  Because they want to stick to the original format supposedly.  Yeah, whatever.  I think its just to make more money off poor unsuspecting Beatles fans or people looking for an introduction to the greatest band in rock'n'roll history (you mean there are actually people who don't know The Beatles' entire body of work by heart??  For shame!)  Both of them clock in about 70 minutes, whereas BEATLES 1 clocks in at just under 80 minutes.  Either they need to do one of two things:<br />1.  Expand the RED and BLUE albums to actual double albums and slap about 30 more songs to each collection (the White Album is woefully underrepresented, whereas seven of Magical Mystery Tour's 11 songs are on there).<br />2.  Add 4 or 5 songs to each respectively, getting it as close to 80 minutes as you can, and slap them onto a double disc set.  That way instead of buying 4 discs when only two are needed you get two discs.  The only problem here that will undoubtedly crop up is the tendency to slaughter the cover art on Beatles records, and these make nice contrasting pictures, although the Red is from PLEASE PLEASE ME.<br />As far as the music goes, so much has been written about The Beatles what more is there to say.  Its all great stuff of course.
6305470464|5.0|This movie is so wonderful. Anyone and everyone should see it. You can relate to any of the characters. You'll laugh, you'll cry, you'll wish you saw it in the theatre if you didn't. Buy it or rent it today if you have not seen it, you will thank me later. Great cast and phenomenal script.
0375500901|5.0|Thrill seekers! Remember when Robert Ludlum used to write &quot;international terrorist&quot; thrillers that would keep you up all night reading? Well, although Ludlum's wriying skills have sadly diminished, Daniel Silva has taken over for extraordinary, pulsating fiction . The Kill Artist is an intelligent and very readable thriller. The characters are multi-dimensional, the pace of the story is restrained, but the suspense and action are &quot;right there&quot;, just waiting for the page to be turned. I can't speak for the other exotic locations, but the section of the story that takes place in Montreal is authentic. &quot;The Kill Artist&quot; has joined &quot;Games of the Hangman&quot; in my list of favourite spy/espionage/terrorist types of books. Highly recommended.
B000001GE5|4.0|I really like this CD because (1) I am a big Chopin fan, and (2) I know these pieces well. Chopin's good point is his romanticism. The tracks on this CD are full of his deep, pasionate feeling for his native Poland, even though he was half French and lived outside Poland in such places as Majorca. He was the archetype of the romantic exile, and did his best to live up to this image by writing appropriately evocative music.
B000002UYZ|1.0|So you want a Beatles greatest hits album.  You see two old and one new compilations on the racks -- the much toted BEATLES 1 or the RED and BLUE ALBUMS respectively.  Reasoning it out, you see both are double discs whereas BEATLES 1 is only a single disc.  You want to know the sad part?  BEATLES 1 is longer than both individually.  Why?  Because they want to stick to the original format supposedly.  Yeah, whatever.  I think its just to make more money off poor unsuspecting Beatles fans or people looking for an introduction to the greatest band in rock'n'roll history (you mean there are actually people who don't know The Beatles' entire body of work by heart??  For shame!)  Both of them clock in about 70 minutes, whereas BEATLES 1 clocks in at just under 80 minutes.  Either they need to do one of two things:<br />1.  Expand the RED and BLUE albums to actual double albums and slap about 30 more songs to each collection (the White Album is woefully underrepresented, whereas seven of Magical Mystery Tour's 11 songs are on there).<br />2.  Add 4 or 5 songs to each respectively, getting it as close to 80 minutes as you can, and slap them onto a double disc set.  That way instead of buying 4 discs when only two are needed you get two discs.  The only problem here that will undoubtedly crop up is the tendency to slaughter the cover art on Beatles records, and these make nice contrasting pictures, although the Red is from PLEASE PLEASE ME.<br />As far as the music goes, so much has been written about The Beatles what more is there to say.  Its all great stuff of course.
6300213498|5.0|I once overlooked this episode and it took me a number of years to realize just how good it is. Along with Friday's Child, the Cloud Minders and Operation:Annihilate, this is one of the most underated episodes of the series. Yes, the Mugato looked like it would put a gleem in Irwin Allen's eye and the Natives wear third rate poofy wigs, but the story is just terrific. They took a foreign intervention story and stuck it out on a primitve planet plus Kirk fights a healer's influence and Spock fights off a possibly fatal attack. This episode is well written and carried out in fine fashion.
B00000I8UF|5.0|Blakey is one of my favorite bandleaders and drummers. I am a huge fan of the Wayne Shorter era recordings, but this one is just awesome. Good variety on the record, some funky tunes, and some more traditional jazz tunes. I never heard the original, I have the remaster and it sounds wonderful. The RVG reissues do the music justice.
B00000IQW0|5.0|Great movie, great picture and sound, and, great a dvd.  This is the perfect drive-in nostalgia type film.  The colors are rich and beautiful. Seeing it again it reminds me alot of starship troopers.  The most fun I had watching a movie in along time!!!! Own this disc, it's sure to become a collector's item!
B0000508U6|4.0|On a sunday afternoon drive to the Bodega Bay, messing around with the radio, I came across 'Yellow' in the middle end of it and that song had an immediate affect on me! It is that kinda feeling when either you like something the moment you hear or see it or you dont. Luckily it was the former in this case and I fell in love right away. <br />My fav tracks are Spies and Trouble. I sense that these guys are influenced by Pink Floyd... correct me if I'm wrong. David Gilmour-ish guitar riffs, the resemblance is just too uncanny.<br />I'm seeing them live in San Francisco next Monday! Its just great music, love lorn, love lost, call it whatever you might want to. If it tickles your senses.. it ought to be good and this album indeed is.
B00000DCHI|4.0|Billy Joel's version of his own song &quot;You May Be Right&quot; doesn't even come close to the great piano/vocal arrangement that opened the &quot;Dave's World&quot; t.v. show.  I've been looking for that version for years.  Is this version available anywhere?
B000000OSE|5.0|I cannot stand it when music journalists criticize the Illusion albums. Most fans know that Appetite was the defining album for GN'R, no one disputes that, but journalists rarely give credit where credit is due<br />Did you expect Guns N' Roses to sing about Drugs &amp; alcohol Forever  A Band like gnr can do anything they want  If you Dont agree with I think the song Get In the Ring Was written for you
B00000ILBK|2.0|Michael Piller should publicly apologize for everyone to developing the story for this film. It's nothing more than an ill-fated attempt to apologize for all the war-like stuff we were seeing in DS9 at the time of this film's emergence. I was actually offended by this movie, as though Paramount was talking out of both sides of its mouth. Worse yet was the way the advertised this movie as &quot;action-packed,&quot; which it most certainly is not. What happened to the drama? This movie doesn't even have a happy ending, it has a sappy ending! The Enterprise and her crew don't have to blow something up every five minutes, not by a long shot. That's not what &quot;Trek&quot; is really about. &quot;Star Trek V&quot; pulled off a much better show, compensating for a weak plot with some great moments between the characters. &quot;Insurrection&quot; offered even little of that, and as far as I'm concerned, we haven't had a real Trek movie since '96.
B0000047CX|5.0|What else can I add about such a wonderful album? I have never before heard such relaxing, gorgeous music. Nothing is forced, everything just flows along so naturally. This was my first introduction to Bossa Nova and Brazilian music in general. And I adore it. Joao's voice is to die for, and the wonderfully controlled, relaxed playing of Stan Getz is terrific. Add to that the rythmn section of Jobim on piano, Milton Banana on drums and Tommy Williams on bass, and you have an album that will go down in history, and will never wear thin. And of course I mustn't forget to mention the pretty voice of Astrud. I wish and hope that everyone will have the chance to listen to this album at least once in their life, but of course, once you have you will want to hear it always. A must have!!
0385484518|4.0|When the author sees his beloved professor, Morrie Schwartz, on television talking to Ted Copple about living with ALS, or Lou Gherig's disease, he makes the decision to visit him in Boston.  And, when a writer's strike against the newspaper he works for in Detroit stretches into weeks, Mitch flies to Boston every Tuesday to see Morrie.<br />He finds Morrie both changed and unchanged.  Morrie now sees life through the hourglass of lost abilities, trying to make peace with and find some humor in the fact that soon he will need someone to wipe his butt.  Each week, Mitch sees the not-so-subtle deterioration of the human physical condition and finds learning and solace in the words of his teacher.<br />Don't expect a story of a saint dying.  Morrie is, by degrees, angry, depressed, and above al, exhausted.  Mitch is simply a recorder, but not a silent one.  I grew tired of his self-obsession and focus on money and work.  Being with Morrie is only a convenience because he can not work until the strike is over.  One doubts that Mitch would have made more than a single visit to his friend if he were living his \\"regular\\" life.<br />That said, the author is to be commended for recording the last months of Morrie's life in a way that is uplifting as well as serious.
B000002USN|5.0|This is a great album...I wish some people would stop criticizing, picking at, pulling apart, analyzing every note, every song,..just listen to it for what it is...great songs that have been given a new style with some great duet partners. So what if they weren't in the same room...on most of the songs you'd never know that. This album has some truly GREAT moments that are worth the price of this album alone. For instance, &quot;New York, New York&quot; with Tony Bennett...what camaraderie, two legends singing together and having fun. &quot;What now my love&quot; with Aretha Franklin is just so wonderful, Aretha has never sounded better. Another highlight is the duet with Carly Simon, &quot;Guess I'll hang my tears out to dry/In the wee small hours of the morning&quot;. And as for Frank,..well Frank is Frank, and is as great as ever, and this is a great album...a different kinda album than his previous ones, but it introduced him and his songs to a whole new, younger generation, and surely that cannot be bad.
B000056HUA|1.0|I was disapointed in the mix of the entire DVD Audio disk. Who ever did it should of call the engineers who worked on ELP'S Brain Sallad Surgery. The mix is flat and Jims vocals need more than just the center channel speaker. I also feel the sub channel was left out in the remix of this great recording. If you want to hear great L.A. Woman recording BUY A TURN TABLE AND THE LP VERSION OF L.A. WOMAN.
B00000ICN5|5.0|If you do not have any SRV, this is probably the best one to start with. Do not buy a best of before you own this cd! This album tops any compilation that's been put together. Any blues fan, guitarist, or just plain music fan should either buy this cd or at least download some of the songs. Among my favorites are texas flood, rude mude, testify, mary had a little lamb, and lenny. In my opinion SRV is the best blues guitarist of all time. If you are a fan of Kenny Wayne Shepherd, keep in mind that he was influenced by SRV more than anyone else. Before you go out buying new &quot;blues&quot; cds, listen to what all the new blues guys are trying to sound like. I also reccommend any of Stevie's other albums and especially &quot;In Session&quot; and &quot;In Step.&quot;
0060977493|4.0|If an author were able to write a novel directly from her subconscious, it would be unique indeed. Consider that every previous author who ever took pen to paper or struck a key on a typewriter or a computer as an expression of their art always did so in a conscious (more or less) state. This is why Arundhati Roy's gift of The God of Small Things is so exceptional.<br />Ms. Roy captures the mood of early morning dreaming and late night angst, the illusions of childhood and the disappointment of adult reality in a distinct way. She writes in a gossamer style, like from the subconscious, with a dreamlike quality. The story floats from a child's non-comprehension of events to an adult's non-comprehension of those same events. The burden of those childhood memories is not made lighter by time or maturity. She poses a nice question: are we ever free of that we first witnessed, free of our earliest guilt, free of our childhood demons, free of all those images which we lacked the psychological development to decipher and distill with truth? Well, her characters could not.<br />She breathes life into all of her characters. Nor only do we get to know them, but we are easily made to empathize with them. The childish comprehension of Estha and Rahel of the events precipitating around them and the inevitable scar tissue from the wounds freely inflicted by a structured class culture, tumultuous times, jealous relatives and tragic happenstance makes a compelling story.<br />The very first observation the reader will make is actually a &quot;wonder&quot;, as in I &quot;wonder&quot; how this author sustains such an endless parade of vivid and perceptive images. Consider Velutha's paralyzed brother:<br />&quot;Kuttappen lay flat on his back and watched his youth saunter past without stopping to say hello... Kuttappen coughed like his mother used to, and his upper body bucked like a just-caught fish. His lower body lay like lead, as though it belonged to someone else. Someone dead whose spirit was trapped and could not get away... Insanity hovered close at hand like an eager waiter at an expensive restaurant (lighting cigarettes, refilling glasses). Kuttappen thought with envy of madmen who could walk. He had no doubts about the equity of the deal; his sanity for serviceable legs.&quot;<br />So many really great writers really get their creative sparks in here and there, but Roy gives us a book drenched so completely in provocative images that the reader marveling page after page has to say &quot;Wow&quot; out of respect for her creativity and imagination.<br />The book is an interesting mix of social commentary, travelogue and human emotion. As an American, I am filled to the brim with commentary about the worthlessness of our gun toting, materialistic, valueless society. So I was refreshed to read that a more ancient society was just as dysfunctional in its own distinct ways. Even so, I was fascinated by the intricacy of the Indian society, dependably depicted I am sure. If I were to be lucky enough to go to India, I would feel at least that I saw a pretty good preview. So, as a travelogue, the book was worthy.<br />Partially through the book, the foreboding of the impending events was somewhat disturbing. After all I am reading this brilliant new author, why isn't there a trace of optimist? She chose instead to be raw and revealing. Certain pages, I hated to turn the pages (but I did). I did not want the inevitable to occur (but it did).<br />This is a work of pure poetic imagery counter-balanced with raw reality - one in which I see shades of Blake and Faulkner, Poe and Dickens, but with something missing. I can not accept that life is so flawed...practically all the characters, institutions (marriage, parents, religious clerics, police, government officials) and even societies (Indian, American and British) are portrayed as wholly without redeeming features. The one spark of life, the talented and the beautiful Velutha was both crushed inreal life and even disfigured in dream life (the lover without an arm, a clever symbolic depiction of a flawed (wrong class) lover).<br />I wonder if this author will put her terrific talent into a theme of hope, enlightenment or enchantment. She has ably demonstrated that she can drag our emotions into the dark side, but can she bring us back into the light?
B00000IAU3|5.0|I'm writing this in response to Andrea's 2/5/01 review....Girl are you crazy?!?  This is the best CD that I've bought in a long time.  In my opinion, Dido's voice is beautiful, her songs are unique and are definitely different that what all the teen bee bop bands are putting out, and the integration of her lovely voice and some light techno sounds is refreshing.  I've listened to the CD over and over since I bought it, and I never get tired of it.  In fact, I love the CD so much that I gave it as Christmas gifts to a couple of my cousins.  They too are crazy about it and listen to it constantly.  Andrea, take the cotton out of your ears because you're definitely not hearing what we are!
B00003CXDG|5.0|This is an icredible movie. Tom is awesome in this roll. He is more believable as Ethan in MI-2 than the orignal. The special effects are powerful. I'm not usually an action movie fan, but hands down MI-2 beats out Mission Impossible (1). This is a movie that can be watched again and agian.
B000050FEN|5.0|Seven is a profoundly dark and distrubing movie that will make you think even as it entertains.  By basing its protaganist's killings around the Seven Deadly Sins, it seperates itself from every other serial killer movie.  John Doe, in a stunning performance by Kevin Spacey, isn't just killing, he's preaching.  And he's doing so in a manner that is both appalling and intriguing.  As his pursuers, played by Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman close in on him, the viewer is constantly challenged by the nature of attrocity in a morally bankrupt world.<br />The DVD version lives up to the movie in every way.  While it offers the usual deleted scenes, animated story boards and production notes, what I enjoyed most was the commentary.  It is particularly interesting to hear the director's thought process as he was directing one of the great suspense movies of the last decade.<br />A worthy addition to any DVD collection.
630463949X|5.0|I already had the CD and VHS, but the DVD puts them to shame.  All the old favorites are here (they left some of them off the CD)
B00004XONN|3.0|You may be asking why I am reviewing Radiohead and talking about Spinal Tap? Well if you remember that movie near the end when the guitarist leaves they are talking about how they want to do concept records and free form jazz exploration and rock musicals and basically tell their record company off. Well, albeit Spinal Tap and Radiohead may be a bad comparison, but that is precisely what this record is.<br />You may be hearing &quot;Well crafted&quot;, &quot;Masterpiece&quot;...blah blah blah....I don't think it's entirely true. Don't get me wrong, there are some songs on this cd that really carry themselves...<br />&quot;Idioteque&quot; &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot; and &quot;Optimistic&quot; come to mind<br />but the rest of this cd is absolute strangeness under a guise of creativity. The band needs to learn what Spinal Tap always said &quot;Such a fine line between stupid and clever&quot; because all this overcreativity gets very stupid after a while.<br />I love Radiohead, but this record is their worst. I'm sorry to say. I would recommend you to &quot;OK Computer&quot; and &quot;The Bends&quot; in a heartbeat, both of those are absolute classics. But this just doesn't cut the mustard at points.
0767903854|5.0|What a wonderful, educational, humourous travel book this is.  Having attended a literary breakfast in Perth two years ago at which author Bill Bryson was the special guest I could hear his voice with its suggestive intonations coming from the pages as I read.  I laughed out loud at least once per chapter drawing attention to myself on the bus or the aeroplane or at home.  This was particularly so as I came across the many politically incorrect paragraphs which dotted the story.  <br />His fear of natural enemies in Australia was exaggerated to hilarious proportions.  Forget the obvious White Pointer sharks and saltwater crocodiles, what about the snotty jellyfish, the box jellyfish, the blue-ringed octopus, stonefish, stingray, redback spider, tree snake, Cassowary bird, giant worm and many other deadly creatures which can all kill, but only slowly after the victim endures hours of paralysis, pain, swollen eyeballs, angina, spasms, involuntary discharges and other manifestations of a gruesome end.<br />A comprehensive potted history of this young - since being colonised by the white man - country is told in succinct detail throughout the book.  Bill Bryson has done the research of the last 212 years and presents it all to the reader amongst tales of his travels around the island continent.  No need to slog through heavy history books after reading this tale.  We learn how the various states joined to become a nation.  Also, how the nation's capital city, Canberra, came to be and how it was planned by an American architect.  It was a Danish architect who designed one of the world's most recognisable landmarks, the Sydney Opera House.  We hear how the continent was settled by criminals deported from UK and their captors.  The mindless genocide of thousands of aboriginals was accepted by the majority of the new settlers and almost condoned by some of the judges of the crown.  This shameful part of an otherwise wonderful nation has until very  recently been swept underthe carpet.  Read the background to how the Queen of England's Governor General sacked the Australian Prime Minister in 1975 to the shock horror of the people who, in a referendum 25 years later, voted to retain the Queen as head of state in preference to an actual citizen of Australia.<br />Readers of Bryson will be familiar with his descriptions of museums, hotels, bars, dining rooms and the simple folk he invariably comes across in his travels.  This book on Australia is no exception and there are as many \\"strange\\" folk downunder as in the UK, USA and continental Europe which he has previously described so graphically.  The candidness with which he describes his inadvertent but not infrequent lapses into a state of intoxication is so realistic.  He conjures up the words to describe it most eloquently.  <br />So, please have a thoroughly good read about Australia, meet some of its unique people, animals, birds, fish, politicians, harbours, rivers, mountains, forests and deserts and finally close the book feeling better humoured and better educated.  This is an excellent story.
B000002LMK|5.0|Although most Neil Young fans were introduced to him through his 70's albums (whether it was the popular &quot;Harvest&quot; or the critically aclaimed &quot;Tonight's the Night&quot;), this is the one that brought ol' Neil to my attention.  It wasn't the first NY album I owned... I had bought &quot;Freedom&quot; a couple of years earlier;  however, it was the first album that made me realize what a talented artist Mr. Young is.  I first bought this as a cut-out cassette thinking, &quot;well, Freedom was ok, and I like some of his radio hits...what the heck, only a couple of bucks.&quot; Wow... was I impressed.  From the power packed one-two punch of the first two tracks to the final note on this album... I was taken.  It went on to become not only my favorite album of the 90's, but one of my favorites of all time.  Everyone I have recommended this album to has loved it as well... some of my younger friends go &quot;Neil Young?...that old guy?&quot; at first, but not one of them has resisted becoming a convert after just a couple of listens.<br />This album led me to explore Neil's back catalogue.  I went on to discover many other gems... After the Gold Rush, Harvest, Tonight's the Night, Live Rust.  But, although I've come to love these other albums as well... and although many of them might be better crafted than Ragged Glory... this piece of Neil's work is still a sentimental favorite.  As a matter of fact... I think I will go put it on right now.
0789723107|5.0|The first thing I noticed about this book is that the back cover doubles as a bookmark.  VERY ingenious!  The second thing I noticed is that Mr. Krug writes in a no nonsense manner and one that makes you want to read.  No big words here.  Just straight forward, down-to-earth, every day language so you can absorb what you are reading with ease and put it to work right away.<br />There are eleven chapters and each contains graphical examples of the material being discussed.  From Street Signs and Breadcrumbs to Omitting Needless Words, this book covers all the basics of a good web design.  Chapter Nine is a must read as it contains usability testing information.  This, as we all know, is a must for ALL webs before publication.  If the public can't use the site, it is worthless no matter how much you paid for it.<br />The book contains less than 200 pages and is perfect for that three-hour plane ride to the coast you have planned for next week.  Be sure to take Don't Make Me Think with you and read it from cover to cover.  You just might learn something.
B00004XONN|4.0|It's not until the fourth track you even know Thom Yorke is singing on this record. If you don't really know Radiohead, this is not the best spot in the pool to dive in face first. Saying that, this album is solid. Not their best, but you try to top &quot;Ok Computer.&quot; It will require some work on the part of the listener. Few people will like this record on the firt try. Radiohead themselves are upset that they didn't give members of the media enough time to listen to it before writing their reviews. The songs are... well, we're not quie sure. Only two of them have any kind of basic verse-chorus-verse-chorus structure. &quot;The National Anthem&quot; is choatic, funky, loud and ugly (in a good way) making you wonder what kind of messed up country would have this song as their national anthem. But then again, that's probably the whole point. &quot;How to Disappear&quot; is gorgeous and a lot shorter than it's live version. &quot;Optimistic&quot; sounds like it could have been off of The Bends. The final vote on this album might not really be cast until June when the band's fifth album, Amnesiac, is released. That album promises to be much more Bends-like even though the songs were recorded at the same time as the Kid A sessions.
B000001GPX|5.0|Some people have accused me of being overly dramatic, but I can say with total confidence that this may be the greatest recording of anything by anyone at any time.  If I won the lottery, I would hire Carlos Kleiber to record the entire Beethoven cycle with this orchestra.<br />Carlos Kleiber is one of those mavericks in the music world.  He only comes out of the woods once and a while, and almost without exception the result becomes definitive.  You may prefer Callas in Verdi's La Traviata, but there is no better conducted set than Kleiber's.  It is one of the great tragedies that his talents have been so rarely documented.<br />That being said, this Beethoven set is, I think, his greatest recorded achievement.  The Vienna Philharmonic is clearly inspired by his presence, and they play these works with the enthusiasm of a much younger orchestra.  Kleiber's realization of the heroic energy and drama in Beethoven is exemplary.  While there is much momentum here, the orchestra never gets out of hand.  Kleiber's ear for balance and orchestra color is without equal.  You will find that textural details come threw on this recording that you may not have heard before.<br />The recorded sound is analogue from the mid 1970's, but the remaster is very good, and you won't find yourself looking for newer recordings.  In short, everyone should have this record.
0783240503|5.0|This is a wonderful movie. They don't make it seem like it's being done on stage. It's mostly for kids, but grown-ups will love it too. After I saw this, I just fell in love with tons of musicals like &quot;Hair&quot;. The music is unbelievable, and the narator does a good job.
B000053ZRQ|4.0|This is a wonderful video, full of old and new Bon Jovi songs.  I enjoy watching it and singing along.  To whomever else has this video, I ask, Why the MORACCAS and AREOBICS?!  Totally made me disappointed.  But it is a great collection of songs.
B00005214X|4.0|Let me start by saying I'm delighted that this masterpiece has FINALLY been remastered. I was a young pup when it was released &amp; I'd often fall asleep to it as my brother cranked it in the next room at 1:00 in the morning, often making up my own words to &quot;Awaiting On You All&quot; because I couldn't decipher them (hey, I was 10). By the way, the missing verse toward the end of that song NOT in the lyric sheet section of the booklet:<br />&quot;And while the Pope owns 51% of General Motors... And the stock exchange is the only thing he's qualified to quote us&quot; <br />OK... so while I feel that this version is far superior to the original cd release (which I have, but could NOT listen to... it sounded so awful), it STILL sounds a bit &quot;muddied&quot; when compared to some of the superior recordings of its day (check out some of his late 60's Beatle songs, particularly &quot;Something&quot; &amp; &quot;Here Comes the Sun&quot;).<br />Also, is it me or does the recording fluctuate (listen to George's guitar go sour) just slightly before the bridge, &quot;All I have is yours&quot;... on the opening track.<br />Those are my reasons for ****. <br />Still in all, THANK YOU George for &quot;I Live for You&quot; (why was it left off the original?) &amp; the raw, but gorgeous versions of &quot;Beware of Darkness&quot; &amp; &quot;Let it Down.&quot; I'd love to hear more of those if you can dig 'em up. Can't wait for the rest...
B000056VIY|2.0|On the 6 is a good mix of English and Latin music and has a balance of ballads and dance songs. J.Lo, however, sounds like a confused mix of somebody else's songs in one album. Destiny's Child, Janet Jackson, Madonna seems to be the influence behind her songs. I had a feeling that she's trying to be someone she isn't. In the On the 6 album, I loved her dance songs but equally adored her slower selections like No Me Ames. Songs like these are conspicously absent in this album. Which is a shame, really!
0345440757|5.0|Thank you for sharing your vast experience with babies by writing your book.  It has been very helpful.  Our pediatrician has given us today's common practices for breastfeeding, naps, etc.  This has not met my baby's needs or my family's needs.  Your book answers many of our questions and is a good guide for us during this wonderful time of life.  I just wish I had your advice on breastfeeding during my son's early weeks when he was eating 11 - 12 times a day, cluster feeding during<br />the evening, not napping at all during the day, and eating frequently during the night.  Those days would not have been such a struggle if I had your book then, and with your E.A.S.Y. routine we would have started our son with good habits.  Those who tell mothers to feed on demand and to offer both breasts during each feeding are jeopardizing the well being of the entire family.  This should be a fun time of life instead of such a stressful one.<br />Thank You Karen Coffman
B00003CXE7|5.0|When I first heard about this movie I became intrigued.  Would the director do justice to the period?  Wow!! He sure did. Would the actors do the job required to make the period come to life for us viewers?  Mr. Crowe et.al. have surpassed my wildest dreams.  As a student of ancient history I found very little to fault this movie on.  The Carthage battle had female gladiators in it and that wouldn't have occured in Ancient Rome.  Women never fought men.  The second DVD is as good as the movie.  The different subjects are very helpful to the novice.  Since purchasing this DVD I have searched for earlier films with Russell Crowe.  His earlier films are delightful and quirky.  They won't let you down.  All of the actors in this movie did outstanding work.  This movie is definitely one you will watch over and over again.
0345440757|5.0|Thank you for sharing your vast experience with babies by writing your book.  It has been very helpful.  Our pediatrician has given us today's common practices for breastfeeding, naps, etc.  This has not met my baby's needs or my family's needs.  Your book answers many of our questions and is a good guide for us during this wonderful time of life.  I just wish I had your advice on breastfeeding during my son's early weeks when he was eating 11 - 12 times a day, cluster feeding during<br />the evening, not napping at all during the day, and eating frequently during the night.  Those days would not have been such a struggle if I had your book then, and with your E.A.S.Y. routine we would have started our son with good habits.  Those who tell mothers to feed on demand and to offer both breasts during each feeding are jeopardizing the well being of the entire family.  This should be a fun time of life instead of such a stressful one.<br />Thank You Karen Coffman
0440211727|5.0|The book A Time to Kill is a great book.  The way that we get the character perception is among the best of the best.  Jake the lawyer reluctantly takes a murder case for a black man named Carl Lee.  Carl Lee killed to boys that had devastated his family.  Then Carl Lee was arrested and charged for capital murder. At the trial Jake calls a psychiatrist and he testifies that Carl Lee was insane at the time of the killing.  The Prosecution argues that Carl Lee was acting in cold blood.  The town of Clanton Mississippi was flooded with news reporters and people waiting to see the trial.  The trial goes on and every day it looks more and more like Carl Lee is guilty.  But, local radio stations called for rallies for every person willing to come to the Clanton courthouse and lobby for Carl Lee's innocence.  Will Carl Lee be found guilty or innocent?  Find out by reading A Time to Kill.
6305897786|4.0|&quot;The Ninth Gate,&quot; directed by Roman Polanski, is one of the latest in the &quot;Satanic&quot; genre of horror films. The story involves a rare books dealer named Corso (played by Johnny Depp) who is hired to track down variant copies of a Satanist ritual book. He encounters sex, danger, and mystery along the way.<br />There is much I liked about this film. Beginning with the haunting music to the opening credits, Polanski really creates a sinister, yet sensuous atmosphere. Depp delivers a fine performance: he brings a bewitching combination of sleaziness and sexiness to his character. There are some good supporting performances. And, as a lover of books, I find myself particularly intrigued by a movie that is, at its heart, all about books.<br />But ultimately, &quot;The Ninth Gate&quot; is a disappointment. The film is all setup, with no payoff. In fact, the closing scenes of the film struck me as silly--even laughable. If you want a more satisfying cinematic portrayal of Satanism, I recommend Polanski's own classic, &quot;Rosemary's Baby.&quot; Nevertheless, there are enough positive elements in the &quot;Ninth Gate&quot; for me to say that I'm glad to have seen it--and wouldn't mind seeing it again. If you are a fan of Satanic cinema, give the film a try.
0553214705|5.0|Fitzgerald is a favorite of mine, and I think this to be his best work.  His writing is always quiet, careful, and elegant, and in this book the story is equally so.  The books I love are always those whose language I consider to be exquisite, and I count this among of the most beautifully written novels I have ever encountered.
B00001ODHH|5.0|Truely one that deserves a place among the cheesiest movies around, Bruce Campbell delivers laughs and action that no one could even compare to. <br />While the storyline is repeated ad-nausem in other responses, I want to explore several scences in the film.<br />The scence where he is thrown into the pit (I think that was a reference to Monty Python) is one scence where it gets rough and funny at the same time. And the camera angles are great!!<br />The scence where he is in the windmill with &quot;little&quot; seleves of him is worth laughs also. Just I can't rememeber where that comes from in reference too....<br />The Graveyard scence just screams laughter as he continously picks up the wrong book.  <br />Oh yeah, the battle scences are worth it, especially how many of the skeletons die and &quot;announce&quot; how they die. (Even the skeletons are funny!!)<br />Watch this movie if you want something to linger with your friends. Trust me, it'll be worth it.
6301161572|5.0|This emotionally gripping story is bound to engage one's senses, as one feels &amp; hears the pain, anguish and sometimes excitement at different times, in the various women who are the subject of Don Giovanni's attentions. He is at once charming, a fun guy, deceitful &amp; wicked, then dismissive, keeping one on a rollercoaster of emotions, best displayed by Donna Elvira. While I relish every moment of this movie, I am relieved to see the end of it. The scenery is romantic and soothing, by itself alone making the movie worth seeing. It allows some of the scenes which are unnaturally constrained on an opera stage to look a lot more realistic. I love this movie for it's artistic beauty. Should be required viewing for every young woman.
B000002O7C|5.0|This is a must buy!  Great Russian Choir.  It's a little short, but it makes up for it's brevity with it's superior quality.
B0000507PC|4.0|The Cider House Rules is a movie that is both entertaining on the surface and filled with symbolism on a deeper level.  This movie will please teenagers out for a good time and movie critics looking to analyze a movie rich in meaning.<br />To describe breifly the plot, a young man, Homer (an orphan from birth), ventures outside of his accustomed surroundings, as all young people eventually do.  He finds himself living on an apple orchard plantation, earning his living as a field picker.  During his time there, he falls in love with a woman who is already spoken for while he's living with the other hired hands in the &quot;Cider House&quot;.  The movie's namesake comes from a list of rules posted in the hand's quarters.  Posted by the orchard's owner, the rules hardly relate to the servants or their behavior. By showing how &quot;lower&quot; people are effected by the regulations of &quot;higher&quot; people, the rules encumber the movies entire theme.<br />Homer is a unique inspiration to the other workers and is well respected in the orchard.  Homer defies the theme because he is a white man thrown in with a group of black plantation workers, yet he aspires to learn and grow from them, reversing the idea converyed by the rules.<br />Homer's character shines hope on the human race and brightens the movie through his inspiration.  The Cider House Rules is a breath of fresh air and leaves the viewer feeling refreshed.  Homer's good will makes the movie and success - hands down.
B00004STPT|5.0|Hans Zimmer has created a great soundtrack for this spectacular movie.  Wonderful, rich brass parts throughout.  I highly recommend this!
6305364648|5.0|Great action movie.  This movie has pretty much everything you need so that you are entertainted for the full 2 hours.  The opening scene really gets you going and the movie never really stops.  Tom Arnold Delivers a really good performance as the sidekick to Arnold.  Good sound quality so you can push that 5.1 system. This DVD is a must have for any action movie buff or Shwarzenegger fan.  <br />A
0767903854|5.0|Before heading on a trip to Australia, I read several books on the continent. I always do that before I travel, and I consider it part of the fun. This time, Bryson's book proved to be the best read, presenting facts and background in a funny, entertaining, and thought provoking manner.<br />Unlike others, which strike you with one fact after the other in a dull manner, this one flies by like a thriller. In fact, the book is so well written, it provides for excellent reading even if you have no particular interest in Australia. Which is, after all, what the author aimed at: To prove that Australia, the land for which nobody seems to be paying much attention, is, in fact, a very interesting place.<br />The \\"feel\\" of Australia, as depicted in the book, matched the feelings I have accumulated while travelling. The book captures the feelings of diversity and sheer size that strike you wherever you go, and it also captures the diverse atmospheres of the locals.<br />I'll end the review with an anecdote. While traveling in Australia, I stumbled upon the Australian edition of the book, which, oddly enough, is called &quot;Down Under&quot;. I think the fact they decided to change the book's name in its homeland goes to show a thing or two about its qualities...
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Yes, as another reviewer mentioned, this band is overrated, and I never thought I'd be buying this CD in a million years, but I love it.  Having missed the Beatle infestation the first time around, none of these songs bring back memories, but songs like &quot;Paperback Writer&quot; have become my anthem!! I heard it in the music store and had to buy it simply for that song, but I've come to love the rest of the songs too.  This is the only Beatles CD I own, and I don't plan on buying any others, but it's definitely going to spin a few times in my player.  Definitely a wise investment!
B000000ORX|5.0|No one made more impact on the sixties and early seventies folk-rock scene with her deeply personal songs than Joni Mitchell. So, when she returned to the same style and presentation after a long absence in the early nineties with this album, it certainly galvanized our collective consciousness by provocatively presenting a number of songs that are both representative of and yet quite superior to a lot of what she had done before. Here Joni presents a song writing that is both mature and serious, and yet showing her mischievous side with a few songs like \\"Come In From The Cold\\", which is probably the most accomplished and popular of the tunes collected here. <br />Yet we linger over other songs as well, such as the title cut of \\"Night Ride Home\\", which is a memorable glimpse into her private and personal world with her husband in some moments alone out on the road. A lot of similar cues to her aversion to being a public personality are here; the hope for quiet, the reference of \\"no phones till Friday\\", etc. So, while this is no outrageously autobiographical tour of the state of her psyche as some previous albums had been, it does represent a return to her habit of speaking loudly and clearly about a number of personal and social issues she has in mind. Another memorable effort is \\"Passion Play\\", with its provocative verses and interesting arrangement, and one must mention a quite lovely \\"Nothing Can be Done\\". All of the songs make for a worthwhile listening experience.  <br />Of course, no one as observant and perceptive as Mitchell can help but make shrewd side remarks at the inanity of social circumstance or political happenstance along the way, and we laugh along while accompanying her on this soulful journey through the risky, crater-filled landscape of life in the nineties. This album marks a return to her classic form, and is an outstanding effort by one of the most captivating, surprising, and articulate talents in modern music. From the numbers mentioned above to her treatment of everything from original songs to a stunning interpretation of William Butler Yeats famous poem \\"The Second Coming\\", this is filled with numbers you will be humming and singing along with.  You will find yourself listening to it and shaking your head knowingly as you recognize her wisdom as she sings her way into the millennium. Enjoy.
B000050XEI|4.0|I have been a major fan of Enya's since her first album, Watermark, appeared in the late '80's, and I have enjoyed every album.  Some of the songs on this CD, such as Lazy Days and One by One, the last two songs, are classic Enya style; but some do not seem to have any feeling to them.  I loved the title and anticipated the release of this album, but was disappointed at its short length and overall style. Enya's earlier albums are better.
0553106635|5.0|Much of what I'd like to say has already been said -- and better! -- by others here on amazon.com.  I will share a comment that I included in a letter that I sent to Mr. Martin.<br />&quot;At the risk of seeming like a rabid, obsessed fan, let me say this: not since I read Tolkien some 20 years ago have I been so in awe of a writer of fantasy.  To be certain, Tad Williams, Stephen R. Donaldson, and Robert Jordan have done some terrific work, but I have always held that Tolkien is the &quot;untouchable&quot; Shakespeare of this genre.  Your work is worthy of being performed in his theater.&quot;<br />I'll touch a little on Robert Jordan here.  I swear that Winter's Heart was a better book -- finally! -- and I wouldn't be at all surprised if it was because of Martin, who has -- to use that horrible corporate phrase -- raised the bar on contemporary fantasy.  He is telling a lengthy tale, but even in 900+ pages, he is doing it with an economy of words.  He tells what needs to be told, and then moves on.<br />Who creates beautifully realized, popular characters, moves ahead with a story line with that character at the center, and then &quot;sends&quot; the character off?  And THEN comes back just as strong, with another character, and another storyline, still interesting, still fresh, still vital?  So far, only Martin.<br />Let's see who else follows.
6305126062|3.0|I read the book about three or four years before the movie came out and I loved it. However, the movie is totally different. There are a ton of parts missing from the storyline. It was definitely a let down. I think I would've liked the movie better had I not read the book first. I would recommend that you don't read the book before you watch the movie.
B000058T5E|5.0|Jeff Beck staked out new ground once again on Who Else ; on  You Had It Coming he takes it even further creating a Beautiful  Sonic Painting that at first makes me think Great Shades Of  Prodigy Meets Hendrix but it goes beyond that because Jeff is  a pioneer and a original who is beyond comparisons. Bass n Drum  Guitar Bad Boy rips it up on Dirty Mind , Loose Cannon and  Rosebud . Creates a heart renching soul stirring atmosphere on  Nadia , Blackbird and Suspension . He even dares take the song  Rollin and Tumblin by the Mighty Muddy Waters and do it 21st  Century Electro Style with dignity. I have been listening to  Jeff from the beginning and The Man is still Vital/Vicious  Beautiful/Daring....Listen.
B000003TAW|5.0|This self titled disc from Weezer came out in 1994. I was all of fourteen years old, nieve about music, but this one quickly became a favorite of mine. I had the cassete tape, and literally wore it out from listening to it every day. Now with technology being what it is, i have the CD and it gets the same amount of playtime in my house. <br />The true beauty with Weezer is that they take simple beats and melodies and turn them into something that is so much more. There is of course the guitar solos that make geek rock what it is, but there is some sort of a hidden draw to this music that is hard to explain. This is one disc that i can put in and i have to listen to the whole thing, it seems like a crime to not listen to cetain songs. The definate standouts on this disc are &quot;My Name is Jonas&quot;, &quot;Say it Ain't So&quot;, and the radio friendly &quot;Buddy Holly&quot;. Anyone that calls Weezer a one hit wonder deserves to be kicked in the shins and laughed at on national television. This is a CD that will go down in rock history.
B00000DFRS|3.0|I've been a big fan of Whitney Houston since her debut album back in '85.  This record however is sort of a letdown to fans.  I purchased &quot;My Love Is Your Love&quot; thinking I'd hear the radio version of &quot;It's Not Right But It's Okay&quot; among other songs.  Not the case.  Instead we get the slow version which is a disappointing as the only really good songs on this album are It's Not Right But It's Okay (the dance mix sounds much better) and Heartbreak Hotel.  Also in general, I don't like the direction Whitney has taken with this latest album.  Where are the fun songs like &quot;I Wanna Dance With Somebody (Who Loves Me)&quot;?  Whitney on this album just seems angry and bitter with songs like &quot;I Learned From the Best&quot;.  Lighten up!
0553278355|5.0|This book is simple yet extremely well written.  Plath pulls everything together ina very easy way, but she goes much deeper than pure face meaning.  She writes about Esther, a girl who is told she is crazy.  Esther cannot seemto find a place in society where she fits.  No one seems to understand her anywhere, and after many lifestyles she realizes there is no room for her in this world.  Causing her so called depression.  I reccomend this book to any women who ahs ever felt this way.
1559948671|1.0|Leadership Principle 1 Be Technically and Tactically Proficent To know you job thoroughly, you must posses not only specific knowledge of its details but also a broad general knowledge concerning its area of intrest. you should be competent in combat operations and training as well as in the technical and admimistrative aspects of your duties. If you demonstrate deficincies in these functions,your subordinates will lose confidance in you as a leader.<br />But Col. Moore under the delusion he has come up with a new Air Assault tatic would doom his men. And for the want of a nail, The 2nd Battalion 7th Cavalry. As the Battle of Landing Zone  X-Ray would grind up, The Troops, Helicopters and Artillary. Making the unavalible for other units. Leading to the walk to Landing Zone Albany by the 2/7<br />What happend. It would appear Col. Moore would be the first one chosen by Kinnard for the 11 AIr Assault test, When it started up in 1963 but he wasnt, He had, To write a letter to Major General Kinnard ( His Old Boss ) begging for a Infantry Battalion in the 11 air Assault Division. <br />It wasent till 1964, 1 year after it started he got the call. He didnt get one with the 11 Air Assault but instead was given a Infantry Battalion in the 2 infantry Division. The 2nd Battalion 23rd Infantry <br />Was the 2nd Battalion 23rd Infantry was detached from the 2nd Infantry Division  and then assinged to the 11 Air Assualt Division in 1964? <br />If they were assinged to the 11 Air Assault. Why did they wear their 11 Air Assault patch on their right shirt pocket, and not on the left shirt sleeve? The unit you were assinged to, You wore that patch on the left sleeve. <br />Was it becouse they wore the 2nd Infantry Division Patch there? <br />Were they Attached or Assinged? To the 11 Air Assault. <br />Attachents: is the placement of units or personnel in an organization where such placement is ( Relatively Temporary.) Subject to limitations imposed by the attachment order, The commander of formation, unit, or organization receiving the attachment will exercise the same degree of command and control over it as he does over units and persons organic to his command. However, The responsibility for transfer and promotion of personnel normally will be retained by the parent formation, unit or organization. <br />ASSINGMENT: is the placement of units or personnel in an organization where such placement is ( Relativley Permanent ) and / or where such oraganization controls and administers the units or personnel for the primary function, or greater portion of the function, of the unit or personnel. <br />Col. Moore, Had never commanded a Infantry Battalion before. <br />But one of the hand picked officers by Kinnard in 1963 was Col McDade, He was chosen for the G-1 spot, <br />He would be given command of the 2nd Battilion 7th Cavalry around November 7,1965 aproximately 10 days before the battle of Landing Zone Albany. <br />Col. McDade, Had never Commanded a Infantry Battalion before. <br />AND THERE WAS ANOTHER FACTOR, COL. MOORE AND  COL. MCDADE WERE HAVING A POWER STRUGGLE. <br />Keep abreast of current military devolopements.<br />Col. Moore &quot;I thought up a new technique for the inital lift.&quot; <br />There are only two types of Air assaults. Col. Moore under the delusion he had come up with a new technique,  <br />The ground Commander must concider two general types of Airmobile assault when preparing the ground tatical plan. These types of assaults differ primarily in the proximity of the LZ to the assault objective <br />The first and preferred type is the landing of the assault ehelons immediately on, or adjacent to, the objective <br />The secound type of assault involves landing a distance from the objective in a secure LZ, and requires assembly, reorganization, and movement to an attack position prior to the assault on the objective.<br />Some simulare characteristics of Col. Moore and Custer.<br />Both were considered to Flamboyent, by fellow officers. And not well liked.<br />George Armstrong Custer ( His men called him yellow hair ) Commander of the  1st Battalion 7th Cavalry at the battle of the Little Bighorn. The Indians would  wipe the 1st Battalion 7th Cavalry out to a man.<br />Starting the Indian wars, The UNITED STATES  would unite and almost wipe out all the Indians taking their lands and putting them on Reservations  <br />LT.Col. Harold G. Moore ( His men called him yellow hair ) Commander 1st Battalion 7th Cavalry at the battle of Landing Zone X-Ray November the 14,1965 Pleiku Provance of  South Vietnam. <br />Col. Moore's men with help from the reinforcement's saves Landing Zone X-RAY, Starting the Vietnam war. Which almost tears the United States apart. <br />Both Battles ( The Little Bighorn ) and ( Landing Zone X-Ray ) were fought by the 1st Battalion 7th Cavalry. On a Sunday, In a Valley, By a River, In tall Grass and near a Large Mountian or Hill top. <br />Both Commanders were told the size of the enemy troops. By their Scouts.But didnt belive them.<br />Scout to Custer &quot;There is a very very large Indian camp down there.&quot; <br />Custer &quot;Where I dont see any camp&quot;.<br />Intelligence Lieutenant to Col. Moore &quot;There is the possibiy of a PAVN Regiment near the Chu Pong mountain. <br />Col. Moore that didn't really bother me.<br />Both the Commanders wanted to force the Enemy to stand and fight. As the enemy's tatics were hit and run. <br />Custer in the lead charges into the valley his troops behind. to cut off the Indians, So they couldn't escape on to the plains.<br />COL. Moore would be the first one on Landing Zone X-Ray, hopeing the North Vietnamese or the Viet Cong wouldn't excape in to the mountians and into Cambodia. <br />The Indians and North Vietnamese would send 1,000 or more men out to meet the 1st Battalion 7th Cavalry <br />The Commanders then realized that the size of the enemy forces was true. their scouts were right They were out numbered.<br />Both battles were defensive. After the initial charge by the 1st Battalion 7th Cavalry <br />They would pull back, Circle the wagons and let the enemy throw them selves at their defense's.<br />Custer didn't have renforcements, It would take weeks to get them.  The 1st Battalion 7th Cavalry was wiped out to the man.<br />Col. Moore didnt have that problem &quot;I had something Custer didn't, Reinforcements with in Hours.<br />Col. Moore's Men with the help of the Reinforcements save Landing Zone X-Ray. starting the Vietrnam War,.It would almost destroy the United States.<br />The Troops FOUGHT VALIANTLY.<br />What happend to the H-hour. H-hour is difined as the time the lead helicopter touches down on the Landing Zone. <br />Col.Moore puts the H-hour at H+1030, He then gets word the Artillary cant fire until H-1017. H-hour get delayed.  1 incremint? ( usually 15 minutes ), So that should make  H-hour, H+1045. But Col. Moore ( who is in the lead Huey ) dosent set foot on LZ X-Ray until H+1048, 3 minutes late. <br />Leadership Principle 9<br />Develop a sense of Responsibility in you subordianates<br />Delegation of authority commensurate with responsibility developes mutual confidenece and respect between senior and subordinates. It also encourages the subordinate to exercise  initiative and to give wholeharted cooperation. The leaderwho, by properly delegating authority, demomstrates faith in his subordinates will increse their desire to accept greater responsibility.<br />FAILURE TO DELEGATE NECESSARY AUTHORITY IS POOR LEADERSHIP <br />Col. Moore &quot;I went to school on Kinnard authority must be pushed down to the man on the spot.&quot; <br />Col. Moore I personally to influence the action would be in the 1st Huey to land on X-Ray. <br />Col. Moore leading his command group clear a sector of X-Ray,  on the way back to the LZ, meet the troops who were suppose to clear that sector. <br />Col. Moore &quot;I was tempted to join A or C company's men&quot; <br />who would be in charge of the company? what would the company commanders do?<br />Col. Moore Matt and Mickey had controlled all flights into  X-Ray, I then took control, every Huey coming to X-Ray must radio me for landing instructions. <br />Crandall &quot; Col. Moore now a signalman at the far end of the LZ was standing up, directing us to land.&quot; <br />The Brigade Commander ( Col. Brown ) had given Col. Moore pathfinders <br />Col. Moore I personally lead the final counterattack to make certian that the Company Commander of Bco 2/7 &amp; his men did a safe, clean, job and to look for my Missing Troops. <br />Col. Moore didnt bring in his execuitive Officer Wirth ( 2nd in command )to help run the battalion command post. <br />Col. Moore The Battalion rear command post run by my Executive Officer Major Wirth <br />The Excuitive Officer's location is normally in the Battalion Command Post. <br />INTEGRITY Integerity, the uprightness of character and soundness of moral principles, the quality of absolute truthfulness and honesty, is an indespensable trait od a leader. On the Armed Forces team the stakes are to hight to place the lives of its members in the hands of men with questionable Integerty.  Unless a man be honest, he cannot be relied upon at all. there is no compromise, The military proffession does not pernit the slightest deviation from the higest standards of
0345440757|1.0|At first I thought I would love this book.  Someone who talked about respecting our precious babies!  Tracy does have good ideas and some good theories. <br />However I was disappointed in the lack of good feeding information.  I have read just about everything on breastfeeding and have begun to see some trends in factual information, unfortunately this book does not have that kind of information.<br />An example of outdated breastfeeding information: ((Page 105)  First day [breastfed] whenever baby wants 5 minutes on each side Second day every 2 hours 10 minutes on each side Third day every 2 hours  15 minutes on each side Fourth day every 2 to 3 hours - 40 minutes maximum)<br />The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) has a statement on breastfeeding that states just the opposite. Saying that newborn infants should breastfeed unrestricted and on-request during the first days of life (not an exact quote).<br />I also spoke to an Internationally Board Certified Lactation Consultant(IBCLC) about this structured feeding technique. She said that not only is it unnecessary but it also teaches mom to read the clock not the baby. Also it can interfere with the initiation of the mothers milk supply to restrict early feedings.<br />I am just wondering how Ms. Hogg can know more than the 34,000 Pediatrician of the AAP or the members of the IBCLC?<br />Please read this book with a grain of salt!
B000000WCX|5.0|David Bowie once again proves to be innovative. Fans of earlier works will be surprised by the this album due to the influence of Trent Reznor. Songs like Little Wonder, 7 Years in Tibet, Dead Man Walking, and I'm Afraid of Americans prove that David Bowie can master whatever music style he feels like performing and that he will continue to be a household name in music for years to come
B0000021RL|5.0|This is the album that points the direction that Chicago was trying to go before the record company stepped in,{shades of their classic non release &quot;Stones of Sisyphus&quot; years later} fearing loss of Top 40 hits. Disc one is representive of the all jazz album the group wanted to make all along. Blending numerous influences in to the jazz vein the group showed their willingness to stretch out without thoughts of what it might cost them in Top 40 airplay, and I for one applaud that.<br /> While disc 2 is great Chicago &quot;singles&quot; music, the first disc shows how much the group had grown. The experimenting of different elements {and no DISCO} with their own sound created fresh and exciting music that could have help keep the creative juices flowing years on. But like with many great artists, the record companies insistence for hit songs boxed the group in. How many different ways can you do a ballad. This is 5 stars for what could have been.
0767836286|4.0|&quot;Arlington Road&quot; is a large breath of fresh air for the suspense genre, giving new life to the meaning of the word &quot;originality.&quot; It's full of splendid ideas and plot twists, it has an ensemble of characters that we care about and watch, and it has one of the best and most satisfying movie endings I've ever seen on film. It's a story of one man's battle against his not-so-nice neighbors while also being a personal battle as he sinks into the depths of paranoia and uncertainty. <br />Right from the beginning, the movie begins packing in the chills. A small boy is walking down the center of a road with his hand severely bloodied and scorched, when he is snatched up by Michael Faraday, a resident of Arlington Road, and rushed off to the emergency room. The scene as a whole is charged with a unique blend of close-ups and unsettling bass impacts from the soundtrack which will set the tone for the rest of the movie. Faraday soon meets the boy's parents at the hospital, Oliver and Cheryl Lang, and converses with them about their son before returning to his home, where he confides to his girlfriend Brooke that he felt bad for not knowing the boy's name. <br />As the movie progresses, it takes its time in revealing the climax that is to come. We learn that Faraday is a college professor who teaches a class on terrorism in America. He once was married to an FBI agent who was killed in a massacre of right wing activists in the woods. His memories haunt him at certain moments in the film, but instead of dragging it out, these memories serve as the reason for which Faraday becomes so wrapped up in the true history and character of his neighbors, the Langs. <br />A mysterious letter addressed to someone of a different name also has Oliver's name on it, which leads Faraday to discover some secret blueprints when he returns the letter to his neighbor. He begins to become more uncertain and uncomfortable with the situation, and dives into a discreet investigationof Lang's past, discovering that he changed his name numerous times, and that he was once arrested for constructing pipe bombs on his father's farm. Whlie this heavily raises his suspicions of Oliver, Oliver is able to calm Faraday's notion that he is dangerous, and sets his mind at ease with an explanation of morality for his change of name. <br />It is at this point that the film picks up to an incredible pace, but to tell you anymore would ruin the many surprises it has to offer. Brooke begins to realize that Michael may be right in his suspicions, which leads her into danger. Faraday is given the ultimate ultimatum by Oliver, who, by this point in the movie, has every aspect of his neighbor's life bugged and tapped. He is keeping close dibs on Faraday, and it is evident by this time that Faraday is not paranoid. What he knows can destroy his life, but he is about to become someone who will be remembered on a much grander scale, and in the ending, he will serve as a model for his own teachings and opinions. <br />Throughout the whole movie, there is never a moment where we are not involved in some sort of race against time, in which Faraday must try to bring his criminal neighbors out into the open for the world to see. This allows for a highly introspective look at Faraday, who is seen as becoming obsessed with his notions and discoveries. The people in his life, his close friends and family, do not believe him when he tries to disclose his findings, so this leaves the intensity up to actor Jeff Bridges, who carries it on his shoulders with a stunning ability all his own. <br />The story as a whole is highly original and complex, involving and impacting. It's really two stories rolled into one: one is the struggle of a man to stop a deadly event from happening, and another is the struggle of the same man to deal with what he finds out and make sure that he is correct and not passing false judgement. The second story works out because actor Tim Robbins and actress Joan Cusack are able to make the audience as well as Faraday believe that they are not what he accuses them of being. They play out the actions and manipulations perfectly, and even when we realize they have a dark and frightening side, they carry it off so well. <br />With every other thriller basing its story on old ideas and scripts, &quot;Arlington Road&quot; is a hostile and inviting film that breaks free of the moorings of simplicity and chooses to give us a movie that keeps us in suspense until the gut-punch ending, which will leave you absolutely breathless. We care for the characters, we enjoy the story, and we get a terrifically twisted look at the lives of those who are not what they appear to be on the outside.
B00000JG3X|5.0|This cd is the chili peppers greatest and I love ALL the songs it's amix of funk rock and funkrap like around the world John does some awesome slide work and flea really belts it out if you like the chili peppers you'll love this cd. Anthony gives some funky lyrics and smooth too. Chad is very influential and knows how to drum. I'm a huge fan so buy this cd.
B0000026WD|5.0|This album is yet another bar-raiser from the formidable King of Pop. I mean really, this man is a genius musically, and you all need to recognize that and STOP HATING. You all know back in the day you were trying to do the moonwalk and dance just like him. WE ALL COPIED HIS MANNUERISMS! So just stop being in denial and realize that deep down inside you really do enjoy his music. Stop letting society tell you what is just and feel the truth inside of you. Michael is the King of Pop. Pay homage.
B00000JG3X|5.0|This cd is the chili peppers greatest and I love ALL the songs it's amix of funk rock and funkrap like around the world John does some awesome slide work and flea really belts it out if you like the chili peppers you'll love this cd. Anthony gives some funky lyrics and smooth too. Chad is very influential and knows how to drum. I'm a huge fan so buy this cd.
B00004ZB9D|3.0|If you've ever found yourself listening to Lenny's songs on the radio and said (hey I like this song, but I don't want to buy the album) or if you've ever listened to a car commercial and sung along the chorus, then this is the album for you. There are some good cuts on this album like &quot;Again&quot;, &quot;Believe&quot;, &quot;Are You Gonna Go My Way&quot; among others, but I just gave this album three stars because it isn't something I would purchase. I guess I'm a very very casual fan ;-)
0345440757|1.0|This book is an updated rehash of pre-Spock baby care manuals. The information on breastfeeding is simply and totally medically inaccurate and Ms. Hogg's insistence that infants under one year need to be trained out of their bad habits is most disturbing.<br />The author believes that all baby parenting fits in cute acronyms (E.A.S.Y. and S.L.O.W.) and formulae. This is going to cause a lot of new parents guilt and grief. <br />My suspicion is that someone cooked up this extremely clever title (playing on the hot &quot;Horse Whisperer&quot; book, movie, and concept) and then built a book around it. <br />Great title. Terrible book. Remember, PARENTS are their babies' &quot;whisperers.&quot; They know their babies best. <br />Katie Allison Granju<br />Author, &quot;Attachment Parenting:Instinctive Care for Your Baby and Young Child&quot; and mother of three young children
B00000269M|5.0|This album is so much fun to listen to. The grooves are unmistakable, the lyrics are sing-a-longable, and the songs are just incredible. One great song after another after another after another. It doesn't stop until the album is over. Every song is a sure thing. My favorites on this disc are the monumental &quot;Man In The Mirror&quot;, the funk/80's/synth ecstacy of &quot;Speed Demon&quot;, the pure joy of &quot;The Way You Make Me Feel&quot; and &quot;Just Good Friends (with Stevie Wonder)&quot;, also the mega torch ballad &quot;I Just Can't Stop Loving You,&quot; &quot;Another Part Of Me&quot; and &quot;Dirty Diana&quot; are just incredible songs. This album is a sure thing and not to mention SO MUCH FUN. It's really like a ride through a fun house on a roller coaster. Plus, the videos that accompany this album are all classics. It makes me happy.
B00003JRCQ|5.0|I've come to love Jane Austen movies, and Persuasion is another very enjoyable love story.  I loved Sense and Sensibility, Emma and Pride and Prejudice, and I think Persuasion is also a wonderful story, possibly not quite as emotionally impactful as S&amp;S (which achieves a fantastic climax) but wonderful.  I have to admit, the subtitles were necessary for me to decipher some of the more quietly mumbled lines.  I would caution the viewer that this movie moves more slowly than S&amp;S and Emma, but it is worth it.
0451167716|3.0|THIs book is my first Puzo book, i am half disappointed. I mean, the first half of the book was just splendid, good characters and plot. However, Puzo suddenly lost his touch in the second half of this book. He started telling us details about characters who barely play any role in the 'Godfather' story. All of a sudden, all the characters began to change, like they were being written by another guy, not Puzo. THe characters were all different. A good, kind, gentle guy, who knew nothing about mafia kind of warfare, suddenly became a coldblooded, mafia boss, who knew everything and everything about how to be just a perfect mafia boss. The second half of the book became boring. i don't recommend this book, but i recommend the movie though!
B00003CXFG|5.0|All those words above describe Pitch Black, last year's biggest surprise.  It's a film that moves at a lightning pace and boasts a great setting and great special effects.  This is the sort of film that will be featured on the sci-fi channel constantly and will gain the recognition it deserves as a new sci-fi/horror classic.<br />The storyline is nothing original but will defintely pique any sci-fi fan's interest.  It begins with the shot of a large spacecraft slowly moving through outer space.  It's quiet, but foreboding and ominous.  All of a sudden, micrometeroids puncture the ship's hull, killing the captain immediately and sending the entire craft crashing onto a seemingly desolate planet.<br />There are only 11 survivors, which include Carolyn Fry (Radha Mitchell), the pilot; Richard Riddick (Vin Diesel), a convicted murderer; Johns, the cop who has captured him; and a group of Muslims, a antiquities dealer, a child, and two free settlers.  The system they're in has 3 suns, thus night never comes.  That is, until they discover that there will be an eclipse and these voractious beasts who are phobic of light will come out of hiding to feed.<br />First, huge credit must go to the two lead performances from the sexy and beautiful Radha Mitchell and Vin Diesel.  Though Diesel probably has the more commanding presence, this is Mitchell's film. She's the most likeable and we empathize with her the most.  I have never actually seen in her another film before and looking up her credits list, she's been in maybe just a bit over half-a-dozen films, and that's a surprise considering the amount of talent she has. Diesel is equally great, creating a compelling anti-hero, one who is also surprisingly likeable and easy to sympathize.  I am quite certain these two will be familiar faces and names in the near future.  The rest of the cast is also fine, with solid support from Cole Hauser, Keith David, and Lewis Fitzgerald.<br />The action sets in during the second half, when it all turns dark.  That is when Pitch Black is at its most thrilling.  Each alien encounter is tense and director David Twohy proves himself proficient at handling action scenes.  He also knows that it's scarier when you can't see what is attacking you, thus for a good bit of the film we hear the creatures rather than outright seeing them.<br />The creature effects are very good, and the design is actually a very inspired one.  Let's just say the creatures resemble the ones from the Alien series, along with a hammerhead shark, a bat, and a lizard all rolled up in one to make a terrifying beastie.  <br />If you're the least bit intrigued by the story, then this is more than worth the rental.  I would watch the unrated version, which only adds 3 minutes, but it's 3 extra minutes of good character develoment.
B000002LGQ|5.0|Wow! It seems rare that a pop star would deliver a softer album of this caliber! But Madonna did it in spades! Containing some of her best works to date, this is Madonna's best album. Yes, it's better than Ray Of Light! I can't wait until people stop saying that Ray of Light is her best album. They just can't see the passion behind Like A Prayer. Written when Madonna was working on the play Speed The Plow, she had to be depressed all the time, and it shows in her most honest and lyrically challenging records. She goes from romance in yearning, to praying, to a song about her abusive marriage to Sean Penn. Hey, she's even comical here! This album is one of her most critically acclaimed to date, and it shows! Here are how the tracks rate from 0(bomb)-10++++(outstanding)<br />1. Like A Prayer: Her best song EVER! 10++++<br />2. Express Yourself: Her &quot;second best&quot; on the album! 10++++<br />3. Love Song: Great song! 10+<br />4. Till Death Do Us Part: Deeply moving! 10++++<br />5. Promise To Try: Very sad song. 10++<br />6. Cherish: Light and whimsical. 10+++<br />7. Dear Jessie: Great fantasy song! 10++<br />8. Oh Father: Deeply poignant. 10+++<br />9. Keep It Together: Great song! 10+++<br />10. Spanish Eyes: Very moving. 10++<br />11. Act Of Contrition: 10++ Good song, very comical. Her reservations for heaven have been MISPLACED. At the end she screams &quot;What Do You Mean It's Not In The Computer?!&quot;<br />Overall Grade: A+ (10+++)
B00003CXDG|5.0|Okay, those first 75 minutes might not prepare you for the exhilarating final 45 minutes, as in that time span features action sequence after action sequence after action sequence.  There's shootouts, car chases, shootouts during the car chases, and a good deal of martial arts, too.  Watch this movie if you want to be entertained.
B000002IAZ|3.0|Yes, there are plans to issue a Springfield box set; it has, in fact, already been assembled. But Neil wants its release to coincide with the first box set covering his solo career, and considering that he's just announced plans to remaster the material yet AGAIN (this time for DVD-Audio), we're probably in for a long wait. Please hurry, Neil! :-)<br />As for this collection, I must agree with those who say it isn't nearly complete enough. In 1973 Atco Records issued a 2-LP compilation, simply titled BUFFALO SPRINGFIELD, which actually does a far better job of hitting all the band's high points; I wish somebody would think to reissue that on CD (it could probably fit onto a single disc). But for budget-conscious fans, and extremely casual fans who only want &quot;For What It's Worth&quot;, I suppose this best-of serves its purpose.
B000056NX5|5.0|A brilliant production in every sense of the word! Gale Edwards' interpretation of this fascinating musical rocked me to tears. What was Norman Jewison thinking when he did the Disney version -which actually might as well have been animated with the Original Broadway cast members singing? You need not even worship musical theater to appreciate this performance. Each and every performer shines through with the depth of a superbly seasoned theater actor. I have seen many stage productions of JCS, but this one really captures what, I would like to believe, Andrew Lloyd-Webber and Time Rice had in mind while they were putting it all together - perhaps even beyond their wildest expectations! Glenn Carter is a profound, multi-dimensional JC with stunning bravura. Jrme Pradon, the deeply moving Frenchmen from Les Miz (Paris cast), Saigon (with Joanna Ampil in London), and Martin Guerre (Original Cast) fame and fortune is Judas incarnate-so intense is his portrayal, imbued with remarkable passion and fervor, that puts JC's favorite apostle the substance never before felt. Fred Johanson as Pontius Pilate is the quintissential guilt-ridden public victim. (That's even a whole lot better than how I would have imagined \\"Pilate's Dream\\" sung.) Renee Castle is a luscious Mary Magdalene with incredible pitch and belting power. Rik Mayall performs a very camp Herod without the nelly nuances of many past Herod's. Frederick B. Owens as Caiaphas sounds like an incredible well-honed baso profundo with Isaac Hayes' unmistakable timbre. Michael Schaeffere's Annas is terrific without the ubiquitous falsetto. Tony Vincent is an astonishing Simon Zealotes, and Cavin Cornwall is a powerful Peter. I incessantly laud David Grindrod, and Johanson Liff for their impeccable job at casting (a very tough job, indeed), Roger Kirk for the ingenius costumes, Ivan Unwin for art direction pregnant with deep thought and inspiration, Peter J. Davison for his flawless production design, and, of course, Nick Knowland for the excellent, and drop-dead cinematography. The editor, Nick Morris, did very wonderful work that made this finished product a gem. The only loopholes that actually distracted me in this production were Anthony Van Laast's extremely bland and uninspired choreography, and the ensembles often disturbing upstaging antiques - the, sometimes, overdone facial contortions probably would work well in live theater, but when filmed up close, it sometimes did appear like it was day one in Drama 101. This is a must-buy for every adult with a video player at home, and if you have a dolby surround theater at home with a DVD player grab this one immediately. It will most definitely rock you to tears. It is the opera-masters' intense tradgedy in rock format. Vedy bloody good. Bravissimo!
B0000524CY|4.0|The Exorcist must have really set a trend for future horror movies as even by today's standards with computer effects and animation it still chills the blood with horror. I enjoyed the movie, the effects, both visual and sound, made it realistic and believable with the story moving along. I was only disappointed by one thing---the ending. While not wanting to give away the plot, I genuinely think that more could have been done with it. I found the doctors' desperation at finding the cause Regan's(the possessed) condition really amusing--with the long list of possible causes--some of which are really wacky!!!! Otherwise, a massive roller-coaster-like experience, worth the money and interesting to see.
6302038308|4.0|Okay, so it ain't Hamlet... It's still just about the most fun you can have on a Saturday night with a bunch of your buddies without getting arrested.  A sense of humor is required; nerves of steel are not necessary.  The movie is worth watching if only for the delightful scene in which Ash battles his possessed hand.   Anyone who disparages Bruce Campbell's talent does not have the capacity to appreciate a true genius of physical comedy. Yes, there's gore, and a lot of it, but it is so (deliberately, I'm sure) overdone that it can't be frightening.  It's a good starter horror flick for those with weak hearts. The ULTIMATE Halloween party movie!  (For my fellow female viewers-- BC has cheekbones you could slice a salami on).  I think it's good, groovy fun all around.
6305603847|5.0|Director Alan Parker teams up with psychedelic supergroup Pink Floyd to paint a vivid tapestry of madness, paranoia, and self-destruction. It is the story of &quot;Pink&quot;, a rock star mixing drugs, alcohol, sex, and a lost childhood into a miasma that so strangles, and overloads his brain as to warp reality itself. In the end, he has nowhere to turn but within: the most dangerous place of all. Nightmarish visual imagery, counterpointed by the music of one of history's finest bands, at the height of their compositional skill, drags the viewer through an experience unlike any other previously created for the cinema.
0061020710|5.0|I always feel a little upset when an author that I thought of as my own personal discovery suddenly makes it big and becomes a best-seller. Often (eg Patricia Cornwell) it is a prelude to disaster for the books and characters you have come to love. Thankfully, Pratchett has only gotten better since he rocketed to stardom. As a British paper's headline read in 1999 about (I think) the Booker Prize, &quot;just give Pratchett the award and be done with it&quot;.<br />Terry Pratchett is an amazing man. He is phenomenally funny. In person (if you can ever see him give a speech, go -- he had the Oxford Union in stitches); via computer (he used to lurk on alt.fan.pratchett and write hilarious comments under his own name, gracefully accept adulation, answer questions (cf Robert Jordan!!), engage in discussions and accept input(!)); and, most importantly, on paper.<br />Simply put, the Discworld is one of the best humurous series ever written. It's not because of the milieu (fantasy) or the slapstick/satire in the books. It's because Pratchett has such a great insight into human nature: his humour comes from putting believable people with familiar traits in outrageous situations, and watching their reaction. His puns, wordplay and accurate satire of society are only icing on the cake.<br />The Colour of Magic sets this in motion with perhaps the most beloved wizard in fiction apart from Harry Potter - Rincewind, an inept, bungling, proudly cowardly almost-failed wizard who bumbles his way into and out of all sorts of danger. Although Pratchett's style is slightly rawer in his first couple of books (in my opinion, reaching full maturity around &quot;Small Gods&quot;) he is still outrageously funny and already possesses his scythingly accurate view of people and society. <br />If you read this book you will be in grave danger of getting hooked on the most addictively and uproariously funny series ever. Don't worry, it's well worth the ride.
B0000542DG|4.0|This movie is not the kind of horror movie like Scream. In Scream, a mad killer causes the horror. In Final Destination, it is more supernatural. The characters have to fight against Death himself. You often get to know who's in danger in this movie, but you don't know what is going to happen to him or her, so it doesn't ruin anything. It just makes it even scarier and you're really sitting at the edge of the chair. <br />This movie is good. Most of the acting is average, like most other teen movies, but the story is better in this movie. I very much recommend it to everybody who likes horror movies or thrillers. I guess many X-Files fans will like it too. On the DVD, there is an alternate ending and the director's comments to the entire movie.
B00003CWTI|5.0|Okay, this film deserves 4 stars, but I added one for the supplimental stuff on the second disc--which was a nice treat and is well-worth watching. And I'm also proud to say that I'm a fan of Mister Anderson's work (do yourself a favor and check out &quot;Hard Eight&quot; and, of course, &quot;Boogie Nights&quot;) and his story-telling-sytle.  Here he's got a collection of interesting characters and circumstances, and much praise to Tom Cruise for forgetting self-image (I know you want to be known as a &quot;nice guy&quot; Tommy, but you're an actor) and for the emotional depth of his performance which was quite stunning to watch (was he panting like a dog in one scene? Interesting!). And much more praise for character actor Phillip Seymour Hoffman--he's outstanding in mostly everything he does.  But the characters don't quite make the connection it was intended to make in the end. Redemption comes in the form of a Biblical downpour of frogs, which is creative and Oh-My-Gosh incredible, but it does not full achieve closure to those souls that had lost themselves.
0425152251|5.0|We own several copies of this book because we keep lending it out.  I wish I had a secret mentor who would excite my curiosity and love of learning the way Sophie does.  Her secret mentor presents the history of philosophy in a way that anyone can understand.  And knowing the history really helps me understand what philosophy is all about.  If you are curious and love to use your mind, this is a must read.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|Sam Raimi and Bruce Campbell.This team made the best horror film in 80's.But this film's effect still to smear.When this film was starting to show in theatres,two juror died to afraid.            In 80's film technology hasnt devoloped enough.And he knew this.But Sam Raimi wanted to make a good film and he managed to.                In this film there r a lots of tension,frightening  and gore scenes.In this respect film is excellent and satisfy.Other way make ups r so cool and belivable.Cast's r very good and the places r so fascinating.This film is a real horror film.And this film is an Avant-Gardist in horror film's sector.       I have seen all Evil Dead series but i have never feel the horror like the first one.I think the best horror film in the 80's and 90's.
B00004XQP4|5.0|Green Day continues evolving and experimenting, yet maintains the formula that has made them so legendary.  Thier social commentary continues to be penetrating, and the music is absorbing.  You absolutely cannot go wrong buying this CD.  It IS 'different' from any of their other titles.  Don't expect anything as fast and pounding as some of their earlier, angrier songs.  But expect to be pleased with this group's evolution.  EVERY song is excellent.  You won't be able to get the melodies out of your head.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator was the BEST movie of 2000 by far!!  Beautiful visuals, exciting action, great cinematography, standout score!  Naturally a very predictable storyline, but the fact that you've seen so many movies from this genre and it still moves you speaks volumes!!
B000001BZT|4.0|This is one of my favorite Steve Earle albums.  I'm not a fan of country but have always loved southern rock.  This album is one of his strongest in this genre.  Snake Oil is an old fashioned boogie with political lyrics.  As he's singing about Reagan and trickle down economics it seems a little dated but still fun to sing along with on a long trip.  Devil's Right Hand is a great &quot;story song&quot; as is Johnny Come Lately.  Johnny has a nice little twist ending.  Copperhead Road starts out low and builds at a slow pace that builds up dramatically.  The songs have catchy hooks and the sound quality is incredible, I get the same buzz in my head Steve mentions at the beginning of Snake Oil.  If you're looking for simple straight forward country rock with some Lynard Skynard type sensibilties  this would be a good purchase.
B000009EUM|4.0|This is a masterpiece in pop.  It scores high in almost every category, in this order: Melody, Production Values, Intangibles, Lyrics, and Musicianship.  Only reason why the latter was lower, and only slightly, was the lack of guitar and a little too much electronica, which was typical of the day.  There's really no bad songs on this album, a couple scored slightly lower than others, like 'Cry Wolf', and 'We're Looking For The Whales' mainly because of the average musicianship and thin sound comparatively speaking.  'I've Been Losing You' and 'The Swing Of Things' were then and still are 2 of a-ha's absolute best, the former scoring a perfect 5 out of 5.  This and 'East Of The Sun...' are my 2 favorite a-ha albums, should be interesting to see how 'East..' does in my scoring, gonna be close.  'Scoundrel Days' rates 4.3 out of 5.
B0000542DH|5.0|natural born killers, any version you watch of it on dvd, is a experience you will never forget.. the movie itself holds up seven years after its initial release, the commentary track by o stone is revealing and informing, the deleted scenes and alternate ending are riveting- special mention to the courtroom ashely judd scene- and the documentary is expansive and engaging.. plus the print looks great and this movie was meant to be watched loud, preferably with great surround sound, as the dvd format provides.. overall- stunning.. a must have!
0671027344|4.0|I found this book's cover what my design and technology teacher would comment as 'aesthetically pleasing'. A nice fresh cover of grassy green that I could almost smell! But something else had also caught my attention, it's title. And the first thing that came to mind came in the form of a question:  &quot;What is a wallflower?&quot;<br />I had an idea it must not be anything too glorious for the title included the word 'perks' and did not fail to suggest 'a wallflower' is something that lacks anything good in the first place. So I did what any rational person would do and looked it up in my Oxford study dictionary. I didn't expect to find the word deep down, it sounded new and 'slangish' but I found it on page 783. But I'm not very logical or rational to be honest with you. I actually read the book before looking up the word. I suppose I hoped the book might explain its title better than a dictionary but we all know that not many books explain their titles. They just base themselves around the titles. And this book wasn't much different to my great and satisfactory relief, when I finally realised that if it had then it would have been one very boring book.<br />  Charlie is your average 'Adrian Mole' except he's just a little more of a 'Charlie' than he is 'Adrian'. And of course very intelligent (that's what his English teacher said, he got straight A's all through the year he wrote the letters so I really don't have anything to say to the fact I didn't feel he was completely interllectual). This book is about &quot;Growing Up&quot; and goes on for a year whilst lacking two days. At fifteen years old, Charlie has few friends, generally close family members and a painful past of losing his closest friend: Aunt Helen. Basically, Charlie just has a life. That is until he gets into high school.  After Aunt Helen died on his seventh birthday he probably didn't think anything worse could happen. He was right, nothing worse happened. A catch though, things happened that were just as bad. His friend Michael, commits suicide and Susan who was a friend too decides to become popular. The lights go out and Charlie is alone. But he meets new friends older than him and grabs his English teacher's attention. His family has their crisis' and become closer and everything that seemed as if it was going to make things worse make life better. He falls in love, he breaks hearts, he breaks his own and he starts to understand and learn how to be a true friend. That he must give as much as he is giving now but also speak for himself and have a voice, that he decides later is a true friend. And he realises that his life from the moment of Michael's death or maybe even earlier from the moment of his Aunt's death had become one of those very old and slow, ancient records. By the last letter he sends he throws away the record and starts living again.<br />  This is the clearest pocket encyclopedia of high school divided into four parts and decorated with a soothing epilogue.<br />  Maybe it's because I read ANTHEM by AYN RAND before this book but Mr. Chbosky's book seemed almost relaxing. I felt I was reading from a regular diary belonging to a friend and as time passed I felt that I was reading real letters. By the end of the book Charlie becomes a true human being in reality. And yet you don't grow too fond of him that by the time you finish you feel that empty surge of lonliness cover you steadily. But if you do as I did then Charlie writes something at the end that relaxes you. Relaxes you because he assures you he'll be OK and that he'll make it through in one piece and make living worth it and most of all that he knows you will too.  And somehow you know he's right-because he's Charlie.<br />  Oh..by the way, I looked it up and this is what it said:<br />wallflower n.1 a garden plant blooming in spring, with clusters of fragrant flowers. 2 (informal) a woman sitting out dances for lack of partners.<br />but I didn't bother to ask anyone for the real meaning that I was looking for. I already knew it without the book having to explain it to me. I had Charlie explain it to me instead. Of course I didn't really need one, I don't think you will either.<br />[[[please remember to read the excerpts listed to the sidebar, it'll help loads]]]to ask anyone for the real meaning that I was looking for. I already knew it without the book having to explain it to me. I had Charlie explain it to me instead. Of course I didn't really need one, I don't think you will either.<br />[[[please remember to read the excerpts listed to the sidebar, it'll help loads]]]
0141301120|5.0|This book is very exciting and adventures. Charlie along with Mr.Wonka and his family go on the Great Glass elevator into space and find alot of trouble heading their way. You don't want to put the book down once you start. They also have some confusion and the president thinks they are aliens. To find out what happens read the book. I would suggests this book for everyone no matter what type! This is the book that you should purchase. Read it!
0201485672|5.0|There are three books every Java programmer should have on his or her desk -- &quot;The Elements of Java Style,&quot; &quot;Design Patterns,&quot; and this book. Of the three, this is my favorite. &quot;Elements&quot; is excellent so far as it goes. It provides eminently sensible coding standards. There is a deeper sense of style that is addressed by the second pair of books. This has to do with the conceptual organization (or re-organization) of code. My only complaint against &quot;Patterns&quot; is that many of the examples are in Smalltalk, a language of more interest to academics than programmers. All of the examples in &quot;Refactoring&quot; are in Java.<br />The book falls into three parts -- introductory material, a catalog of refactorings, and guest chapters by refactoring reseachers. The first part sets the stage for the catalog. So, what is refactoring? It is &quot;a change made to the internal structure of software to make it easier to understand and cheaper to modify without changing its observable behavior.&quot; How do you know when to refactor? When the code smells bad. There is list of bad smells. These include duplicated code and long method.<br />The catalog itself constitues the bulk of the book. Each refactoring is named, described with a short summary, motivated (why should/shouldn't it be done), described with step-by-step mechanics for carrying it out, and illustrated with a simple example. An example is &quot;Extract Method.&quot; This is appropriate where a segment of code requires a comment to understand what it's doing. Extract the segment as a method and give it an appropriate name. An appropriate name makes the comment superfluous.<br />A fundamental underpinning of this process is having good tests. Changes are made incrementally with tests at each significant step along the way. Tests must be automatic. As the author notes, JUnit (at [...]) provides a suitable testing framework.<br />The last part of the book is largely guest material. Some is helpful, like Kent Beck's chapter &quot;Putting It All Together&quot; and some not so. That there is refactoring tool for Smalltalk is not terribly interesting if the chances of your programming in Smalltalk are nil.<br />On the whole, this is an excellent book. Knowing the techniques involved in refactoring can vastly improve the quality of existing code. Indeed, good programmers instinctively employ some refactorings as they code. Access to a fuller catalog than those instinctive refactorings is a boon.
B00004Y635|3.0|I liked Scream 3, but found it somewhat overlong and uninvolving. The revelations at the end, left me cold. Neve Campbell is back, but emotionally scarred by the events of the first two films. She has gone into seclusion. The movie events in this film were pretty weak, as was the unending saga of Courtney and Dooley (he is not likeable to me). There are good chase scenes however, and some laughs. Weiner Dog from Welcome to the dollhouse makes a brief appearance.
0060916540|4.0|All in all not a bad book. Particularly inspiring is one man's desire not to die. The story line moves along quite well and at times is riveting. Unlike other mountain climbing stories I have read, Joe Simpson does not exagarate on the truth, which is very refreshing. He does a pretty good job of making you feel like you are there.
6304675348|5.0|Scream is a real treat for both horror and non-horror fans. This is NOT to say it is among the best horror flicks ever made, but it is a pretty good effort by our old pal Wes Craven. Neve Campbell is particulary good as the stalked Sidney, and the identity of the killer will keep you guessing. There are hoardes of injokes for horror buffs as well. Courtney Cox is also a highlight as a take no prisoners type of tv reporter. The murders are creepy, and the scream costume is a particularly delicious touch. You have to see it.
0767849493|1.0|Dog biscuits take ages to eat and are very bland (taste like cardboard) so does this movie.  What is the point of having a plot so complicated that all the characters get to do is explain it the whole way through?  I never thought I'd say this but the adolescent humour is the best thing about this film ... and amazingly Ben Affleck and Mat Damon still manage to be entertaining despite being weighed down with the prerequisite ton of boring dialogue <br />and to those of you that insist this movie is a masterpiece designed for only those that understand ... this movie does not go over my head ... get real ... the observations it makes about religion are so tired and boring  that I think I remember my Catholic School priest bring them up in a Morning Mass once.<br />I don't have a dislike for K. Smith either I really loved Chasing Amy and Clerks and Mallrats were pretty good too.<br />But why Kevin why?  As my mother once said, it isn't funny and it isn't clever so don't do it
6305171769|5.0|H20 brought the Michael Myers saga back from the dead. Parts 5 and 6 were so horrible, it would be almost impossible NOT to improve on them, but this film is a real standout. Curtis shines in the part that made her a star, Josh Harnett is really good in the part of her son. Jodi-Lynne O'Keefe of Nash Bridges fame, has too brief a role! But I digress. The kilings aren't overly gory and the mood stays suprisingly lighthearted for a slasher flick. The film has atmosphere and is really fun. I think you would like it regardless of your opinion of others in the series.
0783227019|5.0|This is Al Pacino's greatest film. Als greatest roles have always been on a street level, with the people. As a former puerto-rican drug lord trying to escape his past life of crime and violence, this film captures all the beauty, character and extraordinary acting ability of Al pacino. It is Al at his best. Scarface, the Godfather and Serpico were great films as well but anyone who is a true fan of Al Pacino knows that he deserved an Oscar for his performance in this film. I would strongly urge anyone who is an Al Pacino fan and otherwise to purchase this movie. You wont regret it.
6304938276|2.0|Sidney is back, and being persecuted again. The best thing in this film is the opening sequence starring the fabulous Jada Pinkett. From there however, the film goes steadily downhill. Even Rebecca Gayheart can't save this one. One of the main problems I had with the film, was the casting of Sidney's boyfriend. He is completely unlikeable fratish jockish dull, I could go on. His character is completely unlikeable. The killings are more elaborate, yes. But the film goes on TOO long, and the play within the movie really sucked and just detracted from the film. There are a few tense moments, such as when Gail Weathers is being chased by the killer, but overall, not much tension. I won't reveal the end, but believe me the identity of the killer this time is completely ridiculous. A weak effort overall.
B00001XT76|5.0|The entire family Stewart loved &quot; Dirty Dancing&quot; when it hit the UK cinemas. Since those days, we've played the CDs  incessantly and watched and watched the video, in widescreen.   We couldn't wait to see the DVD version (  We pre-ordered  for safety) and now we have it we can savour it all over again and again with a myriad of extras due to the capability of the new format, in perfect audio and video.   My suggestion ?   -  BUY!!!
0767819594|4.0|I hadn't wanted to see &quot;Cruel Intentions&quot; because I thought it would be the typical teen fare. I was completely surprised by how good it was. Sarah Michelle Gellar and Ryan Phillipe are really good as step-siblings who are rich, bored, and scheming. Reese Witherspoon strikes all the right notes in her portrayal of an innocent sweet girl. The film will keep you guessing, and is entertaining throughout. A good film in the style of &quot;Dangerous Liasons&quot;.
0385335482|5.0|This book made me laugh at loud on the bus.  It reminded me of my younger days (3 years ago) when I was just as in debt and hiding from creditors.  This is a great light read.
B000006TRV|5.0|Why are you reading this review?  It's the Wall.  Don't you own it already?  What the hell's wrong with you?
1573226521|4.0|The Beach is definately a good, fast read.  The plot is great, even if it's not that original, and the writing style grabs you right off the bat.  Still, there are moments in the book that seem awkward or trying to be a little too metaphorical.  Alex Garland has taken up a wide variety of subjects to include within his narritve:the vietnam war, lord of the flies, man vs. nature, man vs. man, video games...etc.  While all of these things keep the book from ever getting boring, they don't always seem to fit together consistently.  Part of the problem with this is that they don't all neccessarily have that much to do with eachother.  Still, this is definately worth reading, just for the sheer fun of the story.
0064407667|1.0|Here's the premise: mix the Boxcar Children's plucky orphans with the black humor and neo-Victorian imagery of Edward Gory.  The Boxcar children, for those who don't know, is a successful series from the 50's about plucky orphaned brothers and sisters who stick together to overcome adversity.  Gory is probably most widely know for his opening credits for the PBS Mystery series a few years back.  Funny idea.       Why then is the \\"book the first\\" of this series so unredeemably bad (and here bad is a word that denotes worse than mediocre)?  One reason, obviously enough, is that it is not written by Edward Gory, despite illustrations intended to be a copyright infringement away Gory's signature art, right down to the sad, round-faced kids.  What is most critically missing is Gory's whimsy.  For example, early in the book the children's parents are killed, but not by a herd of stampeding pachyderms or an errant zeppelin or a nameless dread from under the stairs, but when their house catches on fire.  Does that sound funny?  It isn't particularly.      By keeping us distant from his characters who meet cruel fate, Gory makes us squirm when we laugh at their terrible disasters.  But in this book, the author intentionally or otherwise leads us sympathize with the loyal children who mourn their parents and cry through the night at the lovelessness of their world.  The book quickly becomes a strange sermon where the message is not just that bad things can happen to good people, but that bad things must happen to good people.  And the ceaseless litany of badness is implausible and tiresome, people and institutions behaving unrealistically and illogically.  At the end of the story, the children's hope of a happy life is dashed and the only explanation seems to be that the editors wanted to preserve the possibility of a second book.    I doubt that this nihilistic universe is one that most parent would want to introduce to their children, although the effect is probably accidental.  The book has the feel of something written by committee, right down to the innominate author.  It will be interesting to see is whether Scholastic's considerable credibility with the younger set and a good concept can make up for this poor execution.
B000002KBU|5.0|When I was 15 or 16, I thought I could care less about lyrics; this album's MUSIC blew me away!  What I didn't consciously realize at the time is that the lyrics here are an inseparable integral part of the music. This is the most beautiful collection of songs ever recorded. The melodies are timeless and their power is maximized by minimizing production, unlike the excesses that are so typical today (but then, most of what is being recorded today DEPENDS on production).Also, I'm still just as puzzled as I was then as to why she was/is not recognized more as a vocalist. Perhaps it is because her greatness as a poet/songwriter/musician somewhat overshadows her greatness as a singer (that is, in the public eye). The point I'm trying to make is you can't disect the unsurpassed talent of Joni Mitchell. Especially with this album.
B00004Z459|4.0|Linkin Park is the greatest. &quot;Papercut&quot; and &quot;One Step Closer&quot; are fantastic songs on this album. 'Nuff said. This up-and-coming rock band will rock the scene in a few months.
0375707972|2.0|This books starts out strong. Through the developments between the main character and hannah, his older lover, one learns much of both of these characters and in an interesting manner. the language is engaging eithout being either too complex or too plain. The second half of the novel, for the most part, plays on moral issues that are somehow related to the first half, namely, the main characters relationship with hannah, who turns out to be an ex-nazi. Unfortunately, Schlink merley presents these various issues without really any deep introspection. i suppose that this allows for extended discussion on the book, however, it still seems as if the authour could have delved deeper into the issues himself. we are only given the surface. This is the only book of Schlink's that i have read, but it also seemed as if the style of writing better suited the first half of the book, which was light and airy in comparison to the morality-laden second half. Furthermore, the first half of the book kept me interested by presenting the dynamics between the two primary characters, however, even thouugh both characters continue to develop, much of the vigor runs out. In the second half of the book, the character development seems to be subserviant to the questions of morality. It goes from spontanious and concise to laborous and predictable.
014028009X|2.0|After hearing how funny and true to life this book was, I could hardly wait to read it. Instead I plodded through 271 diary pages of perhaps one of the most shallow characters out there. All that is important in her life is her weight (which she checks daily), her alcohol, cigarette and calorie intake and the number of times a day she checks the answering machine. I think perhaps the term &quot;get a life&quot; was inspired by Bridget. What a horrible representation of single women in their late 20's/early 30's as being self-obsessed and weak spirited. I'm sure the reason this book is a bestseller is because there's undoubtedly sections that every woman identifies with in some way, which makes an even more dismal statement on our society. Perhaps Bridget should take up some volunteer work and develop some inner beauty.
0780631684|2.0|I guess you could describe this movie as being...well...different, but different isn't really always that great.        The movie centers around a group of high school students going on their senior class trip to Paris.  Right before the plane takes off, he has a vision of it exploding.  He an others escape off the plane before it takes off, and predicitbly, explodes.  The surviving members of the flight(3 boys, 3 girls) are strangely knocked off one by one, through odd strings of events(I.E. strangulation, hitting by bus, impalment, explosion, decapitation, and other sorts of justt..well just yewwwwyyy sorts of deaths.  The movie lacks in script, but the oh so inventive ways of executing people, is just absolutly worth watching.  If you haven't seen it, and are at the video store, wondering if you should rent it...wait till it comes on Network!
0784011796|4.0|Pi, I understand, has now been factored to over a billion places.  My question: are the digits random?  Anybody out there know?  This film does not answer that question (nor does it address it).  What it asks is, are numbers the language of life?  Max Cohen, mathematical genius, believes they are.  There is a pattern, and he would like to find it, partly because it's there and partly for use in the stock market.  So would some other people.  He is thus tormented both within and without.<br />One of the things that made this a successful commercial film (for an indie venture, of course) is the fine acting by Sean Gullette who plays Max Cohen.  He was entirely convincing as a reclusive and paranoid mathematical genius; but he is also a man like Einstein who emanates charisma and something perhaps beyond charm.  Also effective was the story by Director Darren Aronofsky, which, unlike some indie films, actually had a plot with clear conflicts.  The choice of Pamela Hart, a strong black woman as a kind of hit woman from Wall Street was excellent.  Also very good was Mark Margolis as Cohen's mentor, Sol Robeson.  Aimed at a popular audience were, alas, some chase scenes; but they were not badly done, and even seemed appropriate, although I think there should be a moratorium placed on subway chase scenes in movies, at least for the next decade or so.  Also aimed at a popular audience was some of the violent images, in particular the scene where Cohen places the power drill to his temple, like the barrel of an executioner's handgun, turns it on and presses.  Kids love that shtick.  (I could hardly watch.)<br />Much of the detail was completely veracious, the spiral as an example of complexity in nature, or the wonderful re-enactment of the programmer's moment of truth just before he hits the return key and finds out if his creation will run, crash or go into infinite loop; or a group of fundamental religious people (in this case Hasidic Jews) believing that some sort of numerology will miraculously reveal some major truth of their religion; or even the fact that Max Cohen still used five and one-quarter inch floppies for his data.  Also wondrously right was the spider/moth sticky cocoon that gummed up his computer, or the little girl who multiplies on her calculator and then asks Max for the answer, delighted when he gets it right.  That a stock market bonanza served as the El Dorado of number crunchers was also right on target.  And an especially good fit was the techno rock in the background.<br />But some of this was definitely wrong.  The idea that Sol Robeson would think Max's computer had become or was becoming &quot;conscious&quot; was too much of a leap.  Or the notion that the human brain, or any brain for that matter, could predict stock prices as they come out of the ticker is absurd.  Complexity theory would argue strongly that such specific data, like the number of rain drops in a storm tomorrow, is in principle impossible to predict.  I also didn't like the resolution which allows us to treat whichever of the foregone scenes we like as dream-fantasies.  I don't like plots that are resolved by &quot;it was a dream&quot; mechanisms, even, or especially, retrospective ones.<br />But movies are about images and the image of Cohen's head and his brain and of what hard, metallic things can do to it, is something that lingers long after the lights have come up.  Indeed what makes this an engrossing movie is its psychological and visual content.  The stark, grainy black and white cinematography actually enhance our appreciation.  Indeed, light and dark and other dichotomies are part of the expression of Aronofsky's vision.  He juxtaposes contrasting elements of our culture, of the mind and of nature to tease us into seeing that the world is vastly more mysterious than we can imagine.  There is order and there is chaos.  There is number and there is the organism that is an expression of number.  There is rationality and there isinsanity.  There is the soft, fragile brain and the hard electrodes.  There is the game of go, more complex than chess, the wooden board with the simple lines and the black and white pebbles that spring open the door to chaos (the mathematical kind).  And there is life, fragile, uncertain, teetering on the edge, and in the fuzzy distance there is the shimmering certainly of a fundamental religion.  Aronsky catches all of this and ends up with an electronic poem camouflaged as a movie.insanity.  There is the soft, fragile brain and the hard electrodes.  There is the game of go, more complex than chess, the wooden board with the simple lines and the black and white pebbles that spring open the door to chaos (the mathematical kind).  And there is life, fragile, uncertain, teetering on the edge, and in the fuzzy distance there is the shimmering certainly of a fundamental religion.  Aronsky catches all of this and ends up with an electronic poem camouflaged as a movie.
B0000025R3|5.0|I got this cd for Who can it be now? and Downunder.  However, I was very happy to discover that all of the other songs on the album were just as good.  You will not be disappointed.
B00003CXN4|3.0|The whole concept of Traffic is good but i can't help feeling that it could of been portrayed better.  The cast list was good, Catherine Zeta Jones was excellent as the unjust house wife who later joins in with her husbands business.  The film is about drugs and how the Americans and the Mexicans are trying to stop the war on drugs.  The film keeps swopping from Mexico and America so many times that the person that i went with got all confused and that ruined the film for her.  The plot of the film was good so i can't slate that i just wish that it wasn't all over the place.  Overall i would see the film again but i won't be my alltime favourite.
B00004Z459|5.0|this is one of my favorite bands. please buy their cd, i want them to last long enough for a second.
0553106635|5.0|Geroge R. R. Martins, _A Song of Ice and Fire_ series keeps getting better.  While other epic fantasy writers drag stories on without end, Martin writes and epic that I don't want to end. _A Storm of Swords_ is a very big book and would be completely incomprehensible to anyone who hasn't read to first two books.  And some reader find it too violent.  But to me it is simply realistic.  And the reality of a fuedal society with Seven Kingdoms sharing an island and united under a high king is that there is going to be a lot of violence, a lot of treachery, and a lot of suffering. And it is the realism that makes this such an incredile series.<br />Martin's universe feels more historical than fantastical.  Though there are familiar fantasy elements like dragons and magic these take a back seat to human characters with complex personalites and relationships.  One of Martin's strongest points is his ability to create multifacited charcters: bad guys who do good things or become sympathetic, good buys who do bad things, selfish characters that behave nobly, and generous characters who are forced to think of themselves.<br />The story itself takes a number of twist.  And the very interesting back story of how the former royal house fell and the significance of Eddard's sister continue to unfold throughout this volume, but the mystery remains far from revealed. The current events in _A Strom of Swords_ center aound the esculating conflicts as various kings fight for the Iorn throne, and Dany still in exile attepts to raise her own army.  It's all very excting and thare are a number of suprises along the way.  Highly recommended but only after you've read the first two.
0891416811|5.0|By war's end, the 506th of the 101st Div. suffered over 350 % casualties.  The author, Donald Burgett was and 18 year old youth in A Company of that outfit.  The 101st became the only division to be awarded three Presidential Unit Citations and became Eisenhower's personal honor guard.  In this, the first of his books, Burgett tells of his training and night jump on the western flank of the Normandy invasion near Ravenville on the eve of D-Day.  This is not cold history; this is the retelling of monumental events through the eye of a combatant who lived through it.  His superb first hand account of the battle of Normandy ends with his being wounded and his evacuation.
0140177396|4.0|I instantly fell in love with the book within the first ten pages.  The characters that Steinbeck created were so vivid that they appeared to be real to the reader.  It was easy to identify with George's anger and frustration at Lennie for getting the two of them fired from every job they had ever had.  Even though Lennie could not control his actions, it was pure human nature to become angry or feel somewhat burdened by this aloof companion.  If one is looking for an uplifting book, this should definitely not be their first choice.  It was depressing to look into the bleak lives of these characters living in a barren desert-like ranch with hopes and aspirations that were never expected to come true. George even admitted on page 92, \\"I think I knowed from the very first.  I think I knowed we'd never do her.\\"  This was in reference to them buying a farm of their own in the future. The only thing George and Lennie ever wanted was their own property that would give them the complete freedom they always dreamt of.  With other farmers always telling them that it would never happen on top of George's own doubt, it was clear that their whole life would be spent doing meaningless work which would never amount to anything.  Yet, the power of friendship in this novel makes it all the worthwhile to read. Even if a tear or two is shed at the end.
B00004Z4WR|5.0|I'm not sure what kind of biased opinions most of you &quot;critics&quot; have on movies but for those who TOTALLY tear down this movie, go watch Terms Of Endearment or something sweet like that.  If you like fast paced action with cars and explosions, buy this movie.  If you want a good romance where someone dies in the end and you cry your eyes out....do NOT buy this movie.  The movie was directed by Dominic Sena who has directed NUMEROUS music videos and commercials.  The movie has a &quot;music video&quot; feel and look to it that is consistent throughout the film.  The film was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer who has done several action movies such as Top Gun, The Rock, and the upcoming Pearl Harbor.  Gone in 60 Seconds is a beautifully edited film with an all-star cast.  Basically, if you like action, buy it it...if you like tear-jerkers, don't watch it and don't post reviews about it if you do....to just say that it is horrible and you didn't like it is a waste of  everybody's time.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Well, i wasn't a heavy metal fan. I always liked pop and old music. I used to think that this kind of music wasn't music, was just noise. But I was curious about this cd when i saw it. I decided to borrow from some friend. Obviously, I already knew Iron Maiden. A friend said that they had a great sound. I heard the cd and a magic was done. Well, i heard The Wicker Man and felt in love in the first riff. Ok, let's rewiew the cd.<br />Today I know a lot about heavy metal. I play guitar and know about music. And I can say that this cd is INCREDIBLE. The Wicker Man is fantastic, one of the best Maiden's album openers. Heavy, fast and melodic, Bruce is the show. The Gost Of The Navigator is unique. long, heavy, powerful. The music grows with a lot of sounds, the guitars are superb. Brave New World is epic, almost. One of the betters. It begins slow, Bruce singing in mid sound and the music grows too, more melodic than the prewiew's. Blood Brothers is AMAZING. Dramatic, the sound is exotic. There's a killer solo in the final and Bruce sings with anguer, with a semi despair. The Mercenary is heavy, classic Maiden. Another Bruce's great performance. Dream of Mirrors can be changed into a monologue for any theatral piece. The longest music, the more emotional, incredible. The Fallen Angel is also classic Maiden. Powerfull and very well executed. The Nomad is exotic, middle age. The part with the orchestra is wonderfull. Out of The Silent Planet is, for me, the weakest. But is a good music, excelent vocals and instrumental. And the last, The Thin Line Between Love &amp; Hate, is diferent. AMAZING. Bruce's best performance in the cd. And, is not the first Maiden's song that uses love iin the tittle, how someone said in a rewiew. The first was Wasting Love, from Fear Of The Dark.<br />Well, that's it. Today I'm a huge metal fan because of this cd. Bruce's voice is so incredible here that, at first, i decided to buy the cd just to listen him singing. You, metal fan, buy it. You'll enjoy. You, non metal fan, try it. It's a very good start. Compared to others Maiden's albuns, I have six now, this is the best, for me. Even if compared to 7th Son..., my second. Here you can listen the entire group playng fine instrumental (specialy Dave) and Bruce's powerfull, emotional and theatral style.<br />All the tracks are good but my favourites are: The Wicker Man, The Gost Of The Navigator, Brave New World, Blood Brothers and Dream Of Mirrors. Buy it. Is a mature Maiden's album, with something classic and something new. Buy, you'll won't regret.<br />UP THE IRONS!
B00003CXE7|5.0|Not in words I can ever describe how GREAT this movie is. GREAT sound track, GREAT picture, GREAT actors, GREAT effects, GREAT story... and a GREAT job done. I cannot see how would there ever be a better movie in this 21 century. This DVD is a MUST for every library.
0785787135|5.0|I always saw this book in the bookstore and would never read it because I was afraid the story of Arthur would be cliche and boring.  Finally, a friend convinced me to read it and it proved me wrong!  It is a fascinating and unique view of the story that drew me right in.  My favorite aspect of the book was the way it really made me think, about life, religion, among other things.  It is really a worthwhile read, I couldn't put it down once I started!
0201485672|5.0|The concepts presented in this book are not revolutionary; they will not fill you with a sense of monomaniacal purpose.  Rather this book focuses on the real issues of developing software, and describes a very simple tool for getting work done effectively.  After fifteen years of developing code, I already did some of the things this book articulates; but now I do them consistently and without compromise, and my productivity has gone up while my defect rate has gone down.  Subtle and quiet, perhaps, but that's powerful stuff.
B000002AH9|5.0|This album is a masterpiece. It contains the most relaxing music that you will ever listen to. If you are a fan of Billie this album is a must. If you are not a Billie fan listen to it and you will become one.
B000002U82|5.0|This is certainly an interesting album. I can only imagine what it must have been like to hear an album like this for the first time back in 1973. It must have been mind blowing. Dark Side of the Moon is certainly an album that anyone interested in classic rock should own, or anyone who likes music that will elevate you to another level of consciousness. Hearing this album is like living, dying, dreaming, tripping and traveling through time and space all at the same time.<br />My only complaint is with the newer remastered CD. Why did they feel the need to alter the cover art? The remastered CD has the prism opaque instead of transparent on the cover. And the back cover image is gone too. Whereas the original album had the cover image carry over onto the back of the album, the back of the CD is just a collage of the rainbow and prism. Artwork aside, it's a good CD. The remastered sound is very good. <br />Just buy it. Now.
B00000HZFH|5.0|This was the best CD of the decade of the 1990's in my opinion.  By a VERY wide margin.  Doug Martsch is the most gifted musician I have heard in a long long time.  I've never heard music sound like this before.  Darn near perfect arrangement on every song.  Doug's skill is to layer seemingly independent guitar melodies on top of each other, creating an amazing wall of sound in which the guitars seem to be talking to each other.  If anyone can do it better, I'd like to hear it.  Perfect examples are Temporarily Blind, where especially towards the end, there are two or three guitar lines competing for your attention, and Else, which is one of the most beautiful guitar arrangements I've ever heard.  I've owned this album since shortly after it came out, and it's been in my heavy rotation until this very day.  As a rule, I don't judge people by their musical preferences because it only starts arguments, but it is beyond me how ANYONE could listen to this album and not understand its sheer brilliance.  Though I am happy with Built to Spill remaining a secret to the radio waves, it's a shame that a genius like Doug Martsch probably won't ever be recognized, while garbage like Creed, NStink, and Britney are just raking in the millions, despite having no talent.<br />If you like rock music and creative guitar work, don't walk, RUN and buy this album.  It's wonderful music.
0784011796|4.0|Pi is one of the better independent low-budget films I've seen in the last couple of years. It's a strange, twisted, subversive film, which takes as its thesis the idea that it's possible to know too much, to ask too many questions, for one's own good. A good example is the troubled protagonist of Pi, played to chilling perfection by Sean Gullette, who struggles with both the outside world and himself in his quest for the ultimate knowledge -- an equation which will tie together everything, from the beginnings of the universe to the chaotic ups and downs of the stock market. He is spied upon by unnamed big business interests, hoping to cash in on the latter idea; he is spied upon by Hasidic Jews who hope to cash in on the former idea; both sets of spies add the perfect element of paranoia to the film, and convince you that there is far more going on here than meets the eye, far more going on than is being talked about. The ideas put forth in later scenes bear this out -- boy, do they! -- but I wouldn't want to spoil that for you. The events of Pi, especially in the later scenes, are so surprising that any discussion of the plot would be totally unfair -- like telling someone who hasn't seen Citizen Kane what Rosebud is. So instead I'll confine myself to theme and character, which are sort of intertwined in this film. Gullette's character is a genius mathematician (as you might expect), a child prodigy of sorts who has always, we are told by his narration, courted such dangerous ideas and notions...and has paid the price for his arrogance more than once. He suffers from migranes -- really serious, agonizing ones which give him nosebleeds and vicious hallucinations, and which no painkillers seem able to stop or tame. (In fact the depictions of the migranes are amongst the film's best sequences; I watched it with a friend of mine who suffers from such headaches, and he said that these scenes were pretty close to what he experienced, at least in the feeling those scenesevoked.) It is during or just after the onset of these migranes that Gullette's character seems to receive his greatest revelations and insights -- and here the filmmakers use a technique of showing bright light as the literal image of these insights, a bit of symbolism that is almost, but not quite, clumsy and overdone. I believe it's by their sheer conviction that it works that the filmmakers are able to pull it off at all. In fact, it's through the use of this symbolism (light=knowledge) that Pi does some of its best work. It's used to illustrate the thesis I mentioned earlier, that it's possible to want to know too much for one's own good; Gullette's character relates how as a child, he stared too long into the sun, possibly triggering his migranes and his gift for numbers at the same time...which is why both seem intertwined in his perceptions. The use of light in the migrane sequences, and Gullette's subsequent gifts of insight, not only are symbolic but provide foreshadowing -- is he staring into the sun again? If so, what damage will he do this time? And as the plot slowly reveals where it is going, those questions become not only more difficult to answer, but more unsettling to even ask.<br />Pi was shot in black and white, which I find entirely appropriate. The harsh images created by the cinematography are a perfect echo for the harsh story, spoken in a language of such harsh rhythms...like the song a puppet sings when it siezes the strings of its own puppeteer. It may take more than one viewing to get everything out of this film, because there's a lot packed into it...but the more you watch it, the more rewarding it is. I would heartily reccommend Pi to any lover of experimental film.
0060922583|4.0|I originally posted a 2-star review of this book in February of 2001. I found it too far out to be taken seriously. Since then, I've read a great deal on the evidence for paranormal phenomena, and my thinking on the subject has changed a lot. Rereading \\"The Holographic Universe\\" recently, I found that many of my earlier objections had melted away. Talbot still relies on some dubious examples - as another reader points out, the Indian mystic Sai Baba has been thoroughly discredited, yet Talbot takes him quite seriously. Talbot also shares some of his personal experiences, which can be pretty hard to swallow. Nevertheless, much of what he discusses is based on solid research in areas like out-of-body experiences, near-death experiences, and so forth. Talbot's integration of this material with the Pribam model of a holographic mind and the Bohm model of an implicate order is fresh, original, and provocative. His book is consistently well written, and he summarizes a great deal of information in a clear, concise way, while making some complex scientific concepts easily understandable. Don't be too put off by the scoffing skeptics. There's some neat stuff in here.
0811826848|5.0|Exactly one month ago, I couldn't name all four Beatles. I was born a bit more than fifteen years after they split up, and I certianly wasn't around when John Lennon kicked the bucket. My belated Christmas gift was Beatles 1, and the first time I played it, I fell madly in love with their music. <br />This book was my early birthday gift. As everyone knows, the pictures are great. Wonderful color and quality. (I wish they had had captions, though. It took me a while to figure out who was who.) You can spend hours just flipping through the pages, looking at the pictures.  <br />The words aren't to be shrugged off. They're small, and packed with infromation. It's great reading because it doesn't assume you know things, but it doesn't stop and explain too much either. It was also intresting to get one event in four or five different perspectives. The best thing about the text is that it isn't like really like reading at all. It's much more like listening to people talk.<br />My overall rating of this book, this anthology, is excellent.I'd give it a 6 if I could. Whether you've been a Beatles fan for a decade or a day, this will help you get to know the men behind the music. Buy it. It's priceless.
0684853523|5.0|Stephen King has mapped it all out for us in his work, On Writing: A Memoir Of The Craft.  I have read several &quot;how to&quot; books on writing but none of them touched the nuts-and-bolts of the issue like King does, using his warm, familiar tone to set the aspiring writer at ease, eager to listen...and learn.  I expected this of King and, as usual, the man does not disappoint.  His unblinking humanness and willingness to show the world his own scars lends a level of credence and empathy to his work that so many other &quot;walk this way&quot; books lack.  Even the most insecure writer (and we are all insecure) will feel encouraged and inspired by King's journey.<br />Also, the illustration on the jacket is not only beautiful, but mystical in its genius.  King's cigar-smoking muse lives in the basement and the cellar door on the cover of the book shows us the way.  Kudos to Shasti O'Leary for this bit of sensitivity and art.<br />I have cleaned off my bookcase of other &quot;this is how ya do it&quot; books and only two remain: Mr. King's On Writing and, beside it, Strunk And White's The Elements Of Style.<br />The way I figure it, I'm pretty much covered.
B0000524E5|5.0|ok,Well!This movie rules it adds dreams and a pinch of reality.It tells the basic &quot;Love Story&quot;  ,but also a little bit of luck.I`d recommend this book to younger people like 13 yr. olds and little older people.Not very old because they really would not understand all they think of is reality not dream.Dreams can come true with a little bit of efford and talent in which you do.Ok well some might but not do.I think this movie is excellant hope you see it !!!
B00001QEE7|5.0|I am probably one of the biggest Little Mermaid fans in the world.  I saw this movie 8 times in the theaters when it came out in 1989 and then 4 more times when it was released in 1997 (I think).  I preordered the original VHS video and picked it up the day it came out, and I watched it that day even though I had gone to the hospital due to a bad head accident that same day which resulted in unpleasant headaches for a couple days.  I clipped out the original reviews and stories on the movie from the LA Times.  I got the Sebastion Christmas tree ornament from a McDonalds Happy Meal.  I bought the Soundtrack CD, and I bought the rerelease of the VHS video, etc, etc...<br />And now I have this DVD... which is good only in that it is digital (meaning better sound and video quality) and slightly letterboxed.  I have a big gripe about this DVD though.  First of all, there are absolutely no extra features, unless you count &quot;Region 1 Coded,&quot; &quot;interactive menus,&quot; and &quot;chapter search.&quot;  No trailers, no TV spots, no making of documentaries, no interviews, no storyboards, no audio commentary, well, you get the point.  Basically I hate this DVD even though I love this movie.  The annoying new cover also bothers me, why couldn't they use the original movie poster covers?  Perhaps it didn't appeal to the kids enough.  I still recommend getting this DVD, since a special edition may never come out or maybe not until you or I are dead.  <br />One last problem with this DVD (and for that matter, all video versions of it also), during the end credits, after &quot;Under the Sea&quot; finishes (rather fades out), the song &quot;Part of Your World&quot; plays, followed by the score.  Now, I'm pretty sure that in the theatrical release of this movie, &quot;Under the Sea&quot; is NOT followed by this song, but rather by orchestral score music.  This is kind of annoying, but I'm sure you won't mind if you bother buying this DVD at all.  My question to Disney is,when will &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot; and &quot;Aladdin&quot; come out (and Lion King too I guess)???  I think I hate Disney almost as much as I hate George Lucas because of their annoying DVD release policies.  <br />Above all, this movie is GREAT and you will and must cherish it forever!!
B000058T5E|5.0|With Jeff providing all of the guitars,this cd is totally Jeff-ola!!!.This is one cd that I can't stop playing.I'm driving my kids nuts!A fantastic piece of work that rates as one of his best.
0375704027|5.0|I read this book in Chinese. Basically, it is Murakami's most famous work with a sensitive and light description of its character. A not clear plot but draws you into a wondered world. If you read his other works, like wind-up bird, you will feel a little strange or hard to follow. For this book, it will be a different story. It is a simple story with Murakami's way of writing. It will lead you into the real Murakami's world. If you like his work, it is a most. Also, if you like Norwegian wood, I will suggest that his new book &quot;Spuntik sweetheart&quot; will become pretty impressive to you. From some perspectives, Norwegian wood is 1980's Murakami. Then, &quot;Spuntik Sweetheart&quot; is 1990's Murakami. Norwegian Wood is written when he was in European. Spuntik Sweetheart is written in his home country Japan. What is the difference? You better find out yourself.
B0000029DD|5.0|The best musical experience I've ever had.  So much passion, grace and emotion on a 12cm disc is simply unbelievable!  Jim Morrison is not alone anymore !
B000053ZRR|5.0|This is the best concert DVD I've seen in a long time.  Bon Jovi sounds terrific as ever.  They play some songs from their new CD, Crush, but wrap in some of the old favorites for their &quot;OLDER&quot; fans, too.  I highly recommend this DVD for any fan, new or old, of Bon Jovi.
B00000BIBQ|5.0|this magnificent album is a cornerstone of psychedelic rock. it does remind one in places of the beatles, stones, and early pink floyd- yet it is also fresh, original, and invigorating music. i would definitely recommend this to any fan of 60's rock. the lyrics are often highly impressive, and the guitars are very blistering in places. nearly every track is top notch, and the few that aren't are still very , very good. the bonus non-lp singles are also excellent. a bona fide 60s classic.
B00003CXDF|1.0|Last night I had a terrible experience of watching this movie. It is a real waste of time and money (it was fortunate that I was presented the cassette). Actually, this shame must be rated zero, but music is nice and 1 is a fair rating for it. Everything is not interesting at all. Visual effects, fights and races are poor; the plot is more than ordinary and it is terribly realized. Acting is awful if it is possible to speak about acting in this movie. I would rather prefer seeing a good Quake-player (or some other gamer) playing instead of entertainment of this type. Woo is not himself - if he goes that way he'd better change his name for Woe.
0441172717|3.0|There is not much left to say about this book that has not already been said by the other 500 reviewers.  Let me just utter &quot;ditto&quot; to everything Lowkell said in his excellent review.<br />Here are the main points you need to know before reading this novel:<br />1.  If you are a fan of science fiction, you will be blown away by the detail and complexity of Frank Herbert's imagined universe.  I've never read anything quite like it.  It truly has a &quot;cast of thousands&quot; and weaves together over twenty subplots.<br />2.  If you are a fan of simple, direct writing, skip this book.  Read DUNE only if you enjoy complicated, interwoven plots full of ambiguities and mysteries that the reader must &quot;unravel&quot; for himself.<br />3.  Underneath the details, mysteries, intrigues, and &quot;feints within feints,&quot; the story boils down to a boy with special powers who saves an entire race of humans from extinction. Personally, I don't much care for superheroes and think the story would have been better if Paul Atreides had been an ordinary man who accomplished these amazing feats.
0812589041|4.0|I first read this book when I was eight, and every few months or so I feel an insatiable urge to pick it up again and read it cover to cover.  While it might not be believable for a planetary government to entrust their future in the hands of a child, it is very believable that a child would be a wise choice.  An intelligent child who believes he is playing a game has no worries about failing; would not wince every time one of the little ships on his screen was destroyed.<br />While the battle room itself is an impossibility, in that at some points, it is connected to the rotating Battle School and still retains its weightless qualities.  But the descriptions of the battles themselves are intricate and ingenious, and are often what a child enjoys most about the book (I did!).<br />Ender Wiggin is extraordinarily talented, ruthless at times, but sensitive as well.  The human qualities he displays make him a believable character, whether some aspects of the plot are believable or not.  This is an amazing book for people of all ages.
0061003697|4.0|This is another solid Hercule Poirot mystery, with more twists, turns, and red herrings than usual.  I saw the play (also written by A.C.) before I read the book, so I knew who the killer was, but there were still plenty of surprises.  The book only got four stars because, as another reviewer pointed out, A.C. crammed too many bad guys on one cruise ship -- a political assasin, a kleptomaniac, a jewel thief, a would-be killer, the real killer, etc.  It was exciting, but not as &quot;realistic&quot; as Murder on the Orient Express and Murder of Roger Ackroyd.<br />I'll promise you one thing about this book:  Even if you figure out the identity of the killer, you'll never guess how it was done.
B000002IZ4|3.0|after listening to the suberb debut albom &quot;core&quot; i had big expectations for this one, and as the saing goes: as big the expectations the bigger the disapointment... the cd starts of great with the amazing powerfull tune &quot;meatplow&quot; wich is in my opinion one of there best ever songs. but then comes the weaker softer tunes like &quot;vasoline&quot; and &quot;lounge fly&quot; witch features heavy with darbucas(a middle eastern drum) and alot of cubanic reathems combind with clean, weak guitars that gives it an oriental-easten sound. this kind of rock never sounds good, it didn't when soundgarden tried it in &quot;superunknown&quot; and &quot;down on the upside&quot;(witch were great cd's, but not perfect), and it doesent sound any better now. althow those bad tracks the cd has a few gems like &quot;pretty penny&quot;(althow it has the same sound as &quot;vasoline exc'), &quot;interstate love song&quot;, &quot;silver gun superman&quot; and &quot;kitchenwear &amp; candybars&quot;. althow thes good songs there are a big number of embarising songs like &quot;army ants&quot;, and the simply not good enough &quot;unglued&quot; and &quot;still remains&quot;. in the overall the c.d is not bad, but simply insn't any good, i recomend to buy the others, cuase there just better, and it's a shame that STP didn't stuck to there &quot;core&quot; sound on this one...
B0000560X3|5.0|There seems to be a question about video content on this disc...to clear it up if you have a standard DVD player you cannot get the videos two songs and extra video supplements (photos and lyrics).  If you have a DVD Audio player you do get video content along with the album.  That's right you heard right video w/ the audio player no video with the video player...clear as mud right!  <br />That confusing part is the only downside to this format, the sound is incredible!  It made me feel like I did the first time I sat down to listen to this album, and I was stoned back then!<br />Oh yeah one more downside, how do I explain to the wife I have to replace my CD's!
0425152251|4.0|I read this book in 1997 while on a month long solo trip to England; it proved to be the perfect time for introspection.  It's a fascinating book, many-layered, and complex enough to challenge the reader.  When I first picked it up, I certainly wasn't expecting all the philosophy involved, but I love to learn, and this was a great introduction to the subject.  The storyline falls apart a bit at the end, but perhaps that is intentional, maybe to reflect the chaos of one's mind trying to create sense from all of the conflicting philosophical theories.  I highly recommend it.
B000002GLE|5.0|This is one of Sting's early solo efforts (it had only been a few years since the Police broke up) taken from his 1st solo tour.  Sting sounds confident on this CD (he sings and plays rhythm guitar) and his band (Darryl Jones on bass, Branford Marsalis on sax, Omar Hakim on drums, Kenny Kirkland on keyboards to name a few) sounds top notch!  There's more jazz on this CD than anything else.  <br />&quot;Bring On the Night&quot; is joined with &quot;When the World Is Running Down&quot; and they jam out on that one!  He also segues &quot;Dream of the Blue Turtles&quot; (from his solo debut of the same name which got nominated for a Grammy) with the hard rockin' &quot;Demolition Man&quot;!  He combines 2 songs with a simmilar reggae beat (and message) &quot;One World&quot;/&quot;Love Is the 7th Wave&quot;.  &quot;Driven to Tears&quot; is a great political conscientious song- &quot;too many cameras and not enough food&quot;.  &quot;Children's Crusade&quot;, as Sting points out on the liner notes, talks about different eras from the 11th century to World War I to 1985 (then the present).  &quot;Another Day&quot; is Sting's characteristically &quot;despondent&quot; side (with its ironic upbeat melody) and &quot;Low Life&quot; is humourous and catchy.  &quot;I Burn for You&quot; is featured in the movie Brimstone and Treacle, which Sting both acted in and composed some of the songs (Sting points out that he composed this while he was teaching: &quot;The soundtrack got a Grammy.  [My students] got their O levels.&quot;).  &quot;We Work the Black Seam&quot; is loosely based on a coalmine strike.  The CD closes with &quot;Been Down So Long&quot; (a bluesy break from the jazz improvisation, but as Sting says, &quot;the blues is music form indigenious to the coalfields of Northern England&quot;) and the Police classic &quot;Tea in the Sahara&quot; (not to put down the original, but this version has reinvinted itself greatly in comparison).
B000007OY0|5.0|I agree with miramaxfan. This is one of those movies where I wouldn't change a thing.  I'm a pretty picky movie-goer.  I like quality in a movie, in every aspect.  Sure I have my favorites among the silly and cheesy films, but for the most part, I'm a tough critic.<br />I find myself without words to properly describe it.  It's a prison movie, yet it's more about freedom than anything--  freedom of both mind and body.  It's about the little things in our lives that make us truly free.<br />My favorite scene in the movie is the one where Andy (Tim Robbins) receives the shipment of library materials and locks himself in the warden's office so he can play a record.  It is an aria from &quot;The Marriage of Figaro&quot; and he turns on the loudspeakers so all the men in the yard can hear it too.  Red (Morgan Freeman) says       &quot;I have no idea to this day what those two Italian ladies were singing about. Truth is, I don't want to know. Some things are better left unsaid. I'd like to think they were singing about something so beautiful it can't expressed in words, and it makes your heart ache because of it. I tell you, those voices soared higher and farther than anybody in a grey place dares to dream. It was as if some beautiful bird had flapped into our drab little cage and made these walls dissolve away, and for the briefest of moments, every last man in Shawshank felt free.&quot;<br />Gives me goosebumps everytime.  And everytime I see this movie it makes be cry a bit, laugh a bit, and most of all be thankful for my everyday freedom.
078322737X|5.0|This movie helped George Lucas move onto bigger and better things (like the Star Wars saga) and helped make stars out of Paul LeMat, Mackensie Philips, Harrison Ford, Candy Clark, and Richard Dreyfuss (I didn't include Ron Howard since he was already well-known from the Andy Griffith Show).  In this movie, the viewer is treated to the era Lucas grew up in.  It takes place in September, 1962 (all in one night) in Northern California.  <br />Steve (Howard) and Curt (Dreyfuss) are debating whether or not to go off to college.  Steve is eager, though he realizes he and his girlfriend Laurie (Williams) must split if he does.  Curt is reluctant, since as he says &quot;It doesn't make sense to leave home to find a home and say goodbye to people I love&quot;.  Steve generously loans his wheels to the nerdy Terry the Toad (Charles Martin Smith) who picks up a flirtatious blonde (Candy Clark) and spends the entire night trying to impress her with his tall tales (until the car gets stolen).  John Milner (LeMat) tries picking up women and winds up with the obnoxious 13-year-old Carol (Philips).  Meanwhile, Laurie gives Steve the cold shoulder and tries to lure him back.  Curt in turn goes from trying to find an attractive blonde in a T-bird (Suzanne Somers) to nearly joining the Pharoahs (a gang of hoodlums) to asking the Wolfman to play a request (all in the same night!).  Milner later meets up with Bob Falfa who challenges him to a drag race.<br />The soundtrack features such classics as &quot;Rock Around the Clock&quot;, &quot;Come Go with Me&quot;, &quot;Surfin' Safari&quot;, &quot;Maybe Baby&quot;, &quot;At the Hop&quot;, &quot;Johny B Goode&quot;, &quot;Green Onions&quot;, &quot;Since I Don't Have You&quot;, &quot;Teen Angel&quot;, and &quot;Only You&quot;.  This edition also features interviews with Howard, LeMat, Philips, Williams, Smith, and Lucas, explaining the making of this classic movie.
6305075379|1.0|As I say, don't make the mistake of buying this overpriced dvd. I unfortunately did buy it, and what I found was abysmal. <br />Instead of the original Australian actor's voices, there are nowpoorly dubbed American voices. I also noticed this version has been cut in certain scenes. I remember one scene in particular, near the biginning. The couple who are later attacked by the biker gang are having sex in a field - one of the good guys appears watching them from a distance and shouts over to them. This scene appeared before the first chase scene, and is missing from this version.<br />The transfer appears to be a transplant from a poor quality laserdisc version, and the sound is in mono.<br />What appalled me was the American dubbing - this seems typically arrogant and ignorant to me. In any other country in the world you would not find this, and its unfair and condescending to the portion of Americans who wanted to see the &quot;unbutchered&quot; Australian version. I have seen this dubbing in the States with English programmes as well (leaving the evil characters with the English accents of course) and its frankly offensive to watch.<br />DON'T BUY THIS DVD - WAIT FOR SOMETHING BETTER TO BE RELEASED!
B000002AH9|5.0|Writing an review for Billie Holidays &quot;Lady in Satin&quot;... Not an easy task.. Because you just can't explain this one... I could say that the lyrics are good (wich they are), or that the arrangments by Ray Ellis are beautifull (wich they are)... But it just won't do. This CD is pure magic, I absolutely love it.. To hear Billies voice so scarred, so.. for lack of a better word.. weak, a far cry from the once cornett-like instrument, is in itself a powerfull experience. But the raw emotion, passion, sorrow and heartache that she puts into theese performances.. It just makes you want to cry. Wich is exactly what I do each time I listen to this album. I just can't help it. If you know anything about Billies life, listen to the lyrics.. Lady Day really knows what she is singing about. It is one of those moments in life where life imitates art, or art imitates life, as the case may be. Listen to it.. Really listen, because it is one of the most powerfull albums you will ever hear..<br />Admittedly, this is not an &quot;easy&quot; album in anyway. Billies shaky voice does not make for easy listening. The first time I heard it, I did not se what all the fuss was about.. But then I tried listening to it again.. and again.. And the third time, I got it. I finally got it..
B00004X0Q0|5.0|1 whole MC5 drummer/ 1 Drive Like Jehu rhythm section/ Guy Picciotto vocal chords, pinched/ 1 blowout comb (shared)<br />Combine ingredients and agitate; set volume at 11
B000002UAO|5.0|I don't know anything about any missing tracks, and I don't care, as from what I hear, the ones that are &quot;missing&quot; are on other albums anyway. All I know, is that this is The Beatles at their best. And this album as well as others in their catalogue deserve remastering. It's a sin that they have not been yet, considering their popularity still. Anyway .. every single song on this album was written by The Beatles (excepting Ringo), and shows the development and growth in their writing. It is truly a must have album for all Beatles fans. (Oh, and I have to say this...if you haven't heard it yet, you must listen to Anne Murray's cover of &quot;You won't see me&quot;. It is fantastic, and even John Lennon stated that it was the best cover of a Beatles song that he had ever heard). Anyway, back to this album...Ringo suprises everyone by playing the Hammond organ instead of his drums on &quot;I'm looking through you&quot;, plus he sings lead on &quot;What goes on&quot;...there is always one song on a Beatles album that is given to Ringo. Highly recommended, at least until a remastered copy comes out.
B000056VIY|5.0|i enjoyed listening to J. Lo. It has lots of great fast pace songs. If you are looking for ballads don't buy this album because there is 2 and Come over is one of them(Really Bad). I think Jennifer is better at singing fast paste songs unlike Chante Moore who should stick with ballads. Ain't it funny, Love don't cost a thing, and I'm gonna be alright are my favorites. Now if you are wondering about her voice and how well she can sing, let us stay off of that subject. She deserves 5 stars from what she has been going through.
B000002GQG|4.0|Of all the groups of the last 3o years there has been no better than this group! Please anybody that can hear will know what geniuses this group was, and still is. I started with them before I went to Vietnam, and remain faithful to this day.
B00000IUP4|5.0|This is a followup to my previous post for this item.  This fabulous little engine just keeps chugging along and pulls a lot of cars.  Our son loves it so much that he refuses to turn it off.  As a result, we were going through a battery per day.  We spent more on batteries in the first month than we did on the engine so we purchased a Ray-O-Vac battery charger and some rechargeable batteries (available here at Amazon).  I would have to say that this is almost an essential accessory if you are going to own this little engine.  The charger also comes in handy for other toys.
B00004X0ER|4.0|this is a great cd.  nearly all the songs are great, especially supply and demand, hate to say, and the hives introduce the metric system in time.  if you like any of those, the rest of the CD is similar.  so basically, it's good.
020530902X|5.0|This pocket sized masterpiece contains everything you need to know about grammar (and some humble suggestions on style) in a concise and easy- to- digest format
B000056VIY|1.0|An 18 dollar coaster....... nuff said.
020530902X|4.0|This pocket sized masterpiece contains everything you need to know about grammar (and some humble suggestions on style) in a concise and easy- to- digest format
0679745203|2.0|On page six Ondaatje writes how the Bedouin who have found &quot;the English Patient,&quot; &quot;had come each night and chewed and softened the dates and passed then down into his mouth.&quot;  It is an intensely evocative and memorable image.  Yet back on the first page, we have Hana in the Italian villa where the Patient has ended up ruminating over her care of him and in particular &quot;the penis sleeping like a sea horse.&quot;  Another memorable image, but as Nicholas Spice pointed out in the London Review of Books, sea horses are, like all small fish, extremely alert and cautious, so it could not really be said that the organs of a horribly burned and helpless man sleep like them. <br />If there is one note that Ondaatje consistently strikes through the novel it is the false one.  I may be the only person I know who thought The English Patient was a better movie than Fargo, but the book is deeply flawed.  Consider the following.  The crucial love triangle at the core of the novel consists of three archaeologists, a Hungarian aristocrat and an English couple.  They spend much of the thirties wandering around Libya which appears largely as exotic desert where great monuments are buried under the desert wastes.  No mention is made of the fact that people actually live in Libya, and that in the twenties and thirties where the novel takes place, Libya was a victim of horrendous Italian aggression as Mussolini slaughtered tens of thousands of people fighting for their independence.  <br />Likewise consider the moral dilemma that arises when the Hungarian Count de Almasy gets entangled with the Nazis.  A better writer would note Hungary's authoritarian and anti-semitic political culture, and the fact that Hungary was Germany's ally in the Second World war.  Likewise would a crack thief like Caravaggio really wander around naked in carrying out a job?  One suspects that Ondaatje just thought that the image was evocative.  Finally Kip, the Sikh bomb expert who has an affair with Hana at the end of the novel angrily leaves the British Army in outrage over Hiroshima, saying that the Allies would never have treated a white city like that.  The problem is not the outrage.  The problem is that during Kip's tenure in the army, the British had imprisoned Gandhi and Nehru, suppressed the 1942 Quit India movement, caused a disastrous famine in the Bengal costing millions of lives, had committed a large number of imperialist and selfish acts which can be seen in the works of Christopher Thorne, and, incidentally, had bombed Dresden to ashes.  That Kip should be upset NOW begs the question.  The problem is that Kip does not think like an Indian soldier, but like his author and his audience who no doubt heard of Hiroshima first and learned of the rest much later if at all.  Indeed were it not for the fact that Ondaatje is a Sri-Lankan-Canadian writer, one might say that the English Patient was a classic work of orientalism.
0399146253|1.0|Most of this book consists of explanations that should have been in the previous book.  First 100 pages: Zzzzzz.  The balance not much better.  Scarpetta needs to get some more interesting people in her life besides a ... niece and a cop friend (?) that even she detests most of the time.  One star and four yawns.
B00004XQP4|5.0|I enjoyed the singles &quot;Minority&quot; and &quot;Warning&quot; and decided to give the album a shot. I was blown away at how listenable it was from beginning to end. There are, in my opinion, no bad tracks that deserve the fast forward button. Billy Joe Armstrong's songwriting has clearly improved in this effort. Particularly enjoyable are &quot;Castaway&quot; and &quot;Church on Sunday.&quot; Hail the kings of power chords-- this one is well worth your money.
B000050HTO|4.0|Don't believe everything self-proclaimed Bob Dylan experts/purists say. I own every Dylan album up to &quot;Desire&quot; and find this compilation massively absorbing. And digital remasterization really did justice to some of the tracks. This is the best-sounding Dylan compilation yet. People can argue all day and night what should be on &quot;Essential&quot; Bob Dylan. Some people may come up with a 4-hour-long compilation and call it definitively essential. But that, even for most Dylan enthusiasts, can be at best tiresome and disorienting. <br />And let's face it. There's nothing &quot;essential&quot; about Bob Dylan from the mid-70s on. I would take the first 9 tracks on Disk 2, add them to Disk 1 to make a 24-track single CD (although they won't fit on one with the conventional sound format) and call it &quot;The Essential.&quot; For this reason, it loses a star.
630441403X|1.0|A prostitute is in love with a hopeless drinker without any reason. That is the whole plot of the movie. The movie is full of degrading personality. Not worth to watch.
B00003CWTI|5.0|I don't understand why most people that I talk to hated Magnolia. They say that it was too long and boring and pointless. Well, I will admit that it is a bit lengthy, but in the end, it doesn't matter. At the end of the film, I just sat in my seat mesmerized for five minutes. And I'm only 16 years old, but this movie held my interest for the whole time. The best performance in the movie is by Philip Baker Hall, who plays Jimmy Gator, a game show host who's trying to patch things up with his daughter before he dies. Tom Cruise as Frank TJ Mackey is excellent as well, and John C. Reilly gives a very emotional performance as Jim Kurring, a police office in love with a coke addict. The great thing about this movie is how all of the 9 main characters are connected in some way. Paul Thomas Anderson is truly a genius: first Hard Eight, then Boogie Nights, and now Magnolia. You owe it to yourself to see Magnolia: why it didn't even get nominated for Best Picture at the Academy Awards is beyond me.
6305627401|5.0|Lots of people have been saying that this offensive to Christians, and that South Park is the anti-Christ.  Lighten up, enjoy the movie for what it is, a comedy.  Besides, the things that have been done in the name of religion are so much worse than anything in this movie!
B00001ODHJ|5.0|In this movie, the third in the Evil Dead series, Ash is transported back into the Middle Ages and sent on a quest to retrieve the Necronomicon (Book of the Dead) from an unholy cemetary. On the way, he encounters a bunch of evil mini-Ashs', gets sucked into a book (to return looking kinda like Tim Allen) and a bunch other goofy stuff. This is a funny funny movie.
6300182193|2.0|Please, to everyone thinking about buying this title, to all Dracula fans I say Do not be tricked in buying this Dracula movie 'cos you will be really really sorry...Believe Me...But if you like thriller &amp; dramatic movies, then try it...
B000002H6C|4.0|I will admit.  This was...I believe the sixth Metallica album I bought.  At first, I didn't pareticularly like any of the songs except One.  But now, I respect and think that there are at least 5 awesome classics found here: Black, Justice, One, Harvester, and Dyers.  I could do without Eye, Straw, Frayed Ends, or To Live.  Justice is arguably their second-best long song, with Puppets being first.  I love that song.  One is a song nobody can say enough about.  Blackened is one of their most organized thrashers, though Damage Inc. is 1,000 times above any other thrasher.  Dyers is up there as well.  And Harvester has an awesome rhythm riff and I now love this album, just for those five songs.  Must have for any Metallica fan, sellout fan or not.
0790730960|5.0|I like the works of Tim Burton and this one is more like his other movies (Edward Scissorhands, Beetlejuice, Nightmare before Christmas) as far as dark content goes.<br /> What grabs me first is the music. On average, Elfman writes butifully dark themes for specific characters in Burton movies (Scissorhands had his theme, as did Betelguese and Skellington). The somewhat lamenting Catwoman theme makes you feel kind of sorry for her. The Penguin theme is also lamenting, but instead of feeling sorry for him, you realize that this is a rightfully demented being who's not what he says he is.<br />I would also say that Danny DeVito was the best available choice for the role of Penguin. He was delightfully gross.<br />Rent this first, just to see if it's for you. If you were as impressed as I was, then buy it. Be sure to look for a cameo appearence by Paul Rubens (aka Pee-Wee Herman) as Penguin's dad in the Prologue.
B000002H33|5.0|Damage Inc, Master of Puppets, Battery, Thingy, and Sanitarium.  Those five songs are worth it.  I don't care how much praise Orion gets, I don't like it.  Disposable Heroes is too long for its subject matter, and Leper Messiah is OK.  Damage Inc. is the most insane piece of music you'll ever hear.  That's the kind of song that makes you want to smash your room.  These guys don't have a best album, because each one has its strong points.  Buy this.
0131103628|5.0|If human nature subscribes mistakenly to the Whig theory of history, holding what is newest to be best, then the reality that there exists no comparable book on C++, or on Objective C, or Perl, Java, or Python, may be seen as a corrective clue.<br />The C language strikes precisely near center of the perfect balance between low and high level. To think of other languages as being more &quot;modern&quot; is misleading, when what they are, really, is simply different for having been specialized, targeted, or made &quot;safer,&quot; meaning less capable, or in some other manner moved away from that center. Unlike nearly anything else one may think of in the world of computers, the C language has withstood the test of time, and so too has this book.<br />When we say &quot;the C language&quot; nowadays we mean of course the ANSI C language covered in this book. If you are really a beginner it would be helpful to locate a copy of the first edition that covers the original C language, now called &quot;traditional&quot; or sometimes &quot;K&amp;R&quot; C; the differences are minor, but you should know what they are.
6305205620|5.0|This is the first time i have seen a Metallica concert at full length and it is simply great infact the concert is shot for the DVD format ..the menus are great and the behind the scenes footage the best part is the destruction scene which happens somewhere in the middle 'enter sandman'..with this guy hanging loose people running about with FireE's...and the pics to ...about a 1000 of them ..but the only thing is that you have to get into the sound and change it to AC-3..other wise right from the band playing 'so what' till 'motorbreath' the whole thing is just cool..and not forgetting the explosions in one and creeping death ...to end it...its a great DVD !!!..... 'TALLICA RULEZ
B00005A45R|4.0|This is for all of the people who are uncertain about buying this CD. It contains all of the same tracks available on the U.S. release but it contains a *Bonus Track* not available in the U.S. I recomend this CD to any J-LO fan especially if you collect her CD's. Here is the full tracklist Love Don't cost A Thing,  I'm Real,  Play,  Walking On Sunshine,  Ain't It Funny,  Carino,  Come Over,  We Gotta Talk,   That's Not Me,  Dance With Me,  Secretly,  I'm Gonna Be Alright,  That's The Way,  Dame,  Si Ya Se Acabo, <br />*I'm Waiting* *Bonus Track For Japan
B00004XONN|5.0|no words can describe this album. its weird and its mellow and its brilliant. i just love it. its as far as you can get from the commercialism in music these days. even rock and metal groups are selling out and rock is following the same path as pop. but radiohead seem to stay firm. listen for great tracks like 'how to disappear completely', 'optimistic', 'the national anthem' among others. the most sensational track, however, is 'idioteque'. i keep rewinding it every time i hear it. its just pure, deep, haunting, beautiful music. this is one of the greatest albums ever.
B00004Z459|5.0|I dont know where to start. This CD is the best and everyone should have this CD. &quot;In The End&quot; and &quot;By Myself&quot; are the best songs on this CD! Linkin Park ranges from great guitars (&quot;By Myself&quot; and &quot;Forgotten&quot;) to slow songs like &quot;In The End&quot; and &quot;A Place for My Head&quot;. This is a great CD and everyone, like I said, should have. Trust me, its totally awesome!!
B00004Z311|5.0|I first saw this movie on TV around 1996, I have never seen it at the movies, rented it or owned it on VHS.<br />Although I'm from Europe, I have only ever seen the American version (the European version was only ever shown upon it's original cinema release, all subsequent versions being the American version).<br />The first thing that struck me about the movie, was the Tangerine Dream soundtrack, which was incredible (i rushed out and got it on CD that same day!)The TG soundtrack is beautifull and original (the Goldsmith version, although awesome, being your typical American Orchestral movie score).<br />As for the film itself........Weird!  It's like a long, surreal TV commercial for shampoo or hair conditioner, but, where nothing much happens and at a slow pace......that's what makes it so great...it's a chill-out movie!<br />Tim Curry is incredible as Darkness (The Devil) and wears probably the best mask/costume/prosthetics I have EVER seen!!  Evil personified! (including scray glowing eyes).<br />Personally, I think this movie is a MUST have......get the DVD.....get the Soundtracks and Chill Out!
0812550706|5.0|Since there are over 1300 reviews already, I'm sure there is nothing left to say.  It took a while to find negative reviews, but most often they seem to say that the children in this book don't act like normal children and that this book is just simple minded.<br />The children don't act like normal kids.  But it only takes a moment to realize that none of them are normal kids.  Each child is a genius.  They were all selected to go to Battle School because of their intelligence.  Most of them haven't seen their parents for years.  I think that would make them act a little different.<br />And then there's those people that say everything in this book is so obvious.  They're missing something.  Below the surface of this book there is a political struggle between current powers (The Hegemony, the Polemarch, and the Strategos).  When the war with the Formics (or Buggers) ends, there will be no more need for world peace.  The russian Polemarch sees this, and begins to prepare for world domination.  Then there's Peter Wiggin, or Locke, who uses these struggles for his own purposes.  But there is more to be found, if only you'll look.<br />I'm sure you won't be disappointed.
B000005ILF|5.0|I have all of Sting's CD's in solo career and his days with the Police.  I just love his voice, I love the way he writes...always seem to bea able to relate to his music.  This CD really stands apart from the rest though.  From beginning to end it is a true picture of this very talented man.  Every song is great and I highy recommend this to any Sting fan who does not already own it!
B00000JZIK|1.0|Find another film to hold your interest.
B000002KOQ|4.0|This is a Joni album that grew on me. The first time I bought it I was content to marvel at some great moments and dismiss the rest. All I can say now is that I was a fool.<br />My favourite Joni song....what could it be? It's impossible to say because there are simply too many tumbling in my mind. Always jockeying for the top places, though, are the following: \\"Conversation\\" screams of missed opportunities despite its upbeat exterior and remains a song that I can play repeatedly. I learned it on the guitar so that I could play it to friends. \\"The Arrangement\\" is haunting, \\"Rainy Night House\\" is surreal. There are also the well-known classics \\"For Free\\", \\"Big Yellow Taxi\\", and \\"The Circle Game\\". These don't realy require comment, for the same reason that I shrank from reviewing \\"Blue\\"...there's nothing left to say that hasn't been said for the past thirty years.<br />To top it off, \\"Woodstock\\" is...well...history. When a singer's creations are associated with historical events, who needs to be reviewed?<br />What a great album...frequently overlooked. DON\\"T DO IT!!!! Buy it.
B00004Z459|5.0|The very first time I heard &quot;One Step Closer&quot; from Linkin Park, I thought it was awesome so I went and bought the cd. What I bought was one of the best cd's I've ever heard. Nearly all the songs are terrific. Other songs that are really great are &quot;Papercut&quot;, &quot;With You&quot;, &quot;Crawling&quot;, &quot;In The End&quot; and &quot;Pushing Me Away&quot;. I can't wait for these guys to release their next album. I'm sure it'll be great.
B000002HFU|5.0|ODB is a bit of a nutball, yet this CD is slightly more than the ramblings of a madman. It's the ramblings of a madman put to tune. It's difficult to sit through a listening of this album without smiling at ODB's wailing, clicking and bleeting. My favourite track is Snakes. I still think that ODB is at his best featuring on Wu-tang albums because he adds that zany vocal candy that gives the tracks an extra dimensional. By himself that is lost a bit, but this album's a good-un anyway
6305907145|3.0|Unlike Austen, whose writing always radiates a joi de vivre, this film is full of annoying affects (filming scenes through windows, freeze-framing the action, etc.) that distance the viewer from the action.  The attempts to modernize the story are well intentioned but jarringly anachronistic.  If you decide to see the film, get the DVD so you can hear the director's interesting commentary (AFTER seeing it without listening to the commentary).  You'll understand the film better, even if it doesn't make you like the film more.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Limp Bizkit one of the best rock bands in the industry. has blown away the competition with the Choclate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water. In my opinion this is the best album that Limp has to date! the album includes great assists from DMX, Method Man, Xzibit and others. The end of the cd is pretty funny with Ben Stiller laughing and mouthing off. There are a couple of bonus tracks to be found. There are some sentamental songs that are nice and slow and some head banging ones that you just gotta pump up the volume and jam!    Some of my favorite songs are &quot;My Way&quot; &quot;Hot Dog&quot; and &quot;Livin it Up&quot;   So buy the cd it's well worth the bucks! Believe me you won't be dissapointed!
B000056V73|5.0|It is surprising that a movie that takes place in the unreal world of the rock and roll circus is much more grounded in reality than most movies.  This film stubbornly resists the clichs and sentimentality that in lesser hands would have sunk it.  It concerns William, an endearing 15 year-old who is mature but nave and tags along with a rock band in order to write a profile of them for Rolling Stone.  The band's leader, Russell, is worldly but immature -- just the opposite of William.  Both have to enter the other's world, both physically and emotionally, to become complete.  Fluttering between them is Penny Lane, the groupie who is about William's age but can't see his love for her because of her infatuation with Russell, who is easily twice her age and who uses her as a plaything.  It reminds me a bit of the love story in Forrest Gump, where the woman goes for a series of manipulative men who embody the Zeitgeist of the kooky `70s while she ignores the simple and true love that is hers for the asking.  Almost Famous captures the crazy feeling of a rock band on tour and the strained dynamics that can almost break up a band.  Despite the debauched background of a mid-70s rock and roll tour, this is a sweet film that is by turns funny and touching.  Don't miss it.
B00003CX5A|5.0|GREAT MOVIE!  Anyone who grew up intrigued with the original Legend of Sleepy Hollow should find this movie fascinating!  Although slightly different from the book, the story line consists of mystery, murder, conspiracy, and love - elements that pave the way for a great movie.  Special effects are spectacular - heads really do roll!  The cinematography is excellent/creepy - really puts you in the mood for a good 'ghost' story.
068484267X|1.0|Ireland is very badly represented on the international stage. I used to wonder why this was so. Then I realised it was because of people like Frank McCourt. Never mind what McCourt writes. This book has nothing to do with Ireland. If all you Americans would read the GOOD Irish writers - Patrick McCabe, John McGahern, Frank McGuinness, Brian Friel, Tom Murphy, and the cultural analyses of Declan Kiberd (who, along with McGuinness, lectures at my college, University College Dublin) - you might know what the world is about. It all stems from the complete inability of Americans everywhere to think about anything except themselves. Think about the rest of us - who are forced to live and breathe American culture from the day we're born. Now who's pondering?
B00001NFCY|5.0|I am from the uk and after hearing the single &quot;Arms wide open&quot;.I thought I must go out and check out the album. Well I can tell you if you buy it you will not be dissapointed this album is truly a master piece and definatly worth buying. This album grows on you the more you play it the more you like it  the three tracks I like the most are track six faceless man, track 8 arms wide open and track 11 inside us all.So don't mess about get this album NOW
B000002504|5.0|I first discovered this band on one of the omnipresent late-night rock and roll TV shows that sprang up in the early 70's.  About two minutes into &quot;Advent of Panurge&quot; I knew I was seeing something rare, intelligent and special.<br />I was fortunate enough to see this band live in a small hall during that same period of time, touring this album.  They were magnificent.  Original arrangements, virtuoso performances, and urgent, sparingly and lovingly used synthesizers are the hallmark of this group.<br />I made the mistake of loaning out my copy of the LP about twenty years ago.  Thank God someone had the presence of mind to put it out on CD.<br />If there's ever a reunion tour of these guys, I'm so there...
B000059H98|5.0|From the first minute I saw the movie I was hooked, the charcters are fantastic and the film just so rich in design and content.<br />It's also one of the funniest things i've seen in ages with the humour pouring from it!<br />I was however sad to hear that many scenes had been cut from the film and that a DVD would never be released. I started up an internet protest to get MGM to release it on DVD with the footage and here it is! This DVD is out due to the fans who protested for it!<br />I am still angry that have not included ANY extras or the cut footage and after much arguing with MGM i dont think they ever will replace the footage!  Anyway check out [...] to see what bits they have not included on this disk and sign our online from to try to get them to put more stuff on the disk! theres still time!!
B000001ES4|5.0|This group demonstrates their talents and passion in their music. This is my favorite album, and &quot;Hymn to Hope&quot; is maybe the most beautiful and evocative pieces of music I've ever heard. I dont usually listen to violin, but her playing is penetrating. A little bit of Davy Spillane blesses this album too.
0767824571|4.0|I must take offense to the suggestion that we are all geeks with no life!  Why, I have been a Scientologist for over twenty years, and it only cost me $36,000 to achieve the state of Clear!  It's certainly not a...what?<br />Oh, really?  Sorry about that.  I thought we were talking about something else.<br />Anyways, the DVD of this Monty Python classic is rather bare as far as DVDs go -- it has subtitles, scene selection, and the trailer to the film.  (Oh, and it has the trailer for &quot;Dr. Strangelove,&quot; too!)  But alas, the Pythoners don't provide any behind-the-scenes information or commentary.  If you buy this DVD looking for extras, you may be disppointed.<br />Of course, if you buy the DVD for the *movie,* then that's a whole different ball o' wax altogether.<br />As you know, it's violation of the law to be on the Internet and not know anything about &quot;Monty Python and the Holy Grail.&quot;  So chances are, you've already seen Castle Anthrax, and the taunting Frenchmen, and Tim the Enchanter...and besides, there have already been 269 reviews of this video here on amazon.com before I wrote this one.  So there's not much of a point in commenting on the classic scenes that will keep you in stitches, from the opening credits (beware the moose!) to the final encounter at the Castle of Aaaaaarrrrrrrrrgh.  People don't say much about the disappointing ending to the film, but the rest of the movie more than makes up for it.<br />This was the first feature film for the Monty Python troupe, and they filmed it on a low budget ($750,000).  That's why the film stock is rather bland and the color is faded, compared to other films of the time...but again, no one really minds that.  This is still one of the great comedies of this time, or any time, and there are more full belly laughs in this film than you'll find in ten Hollywood comedies.<br />(And don't worry, there aren't any Scientologists in this film.)
6303481272|5.0|Looking for ninja anime, but don't want to sufer through Jubei-chan? Then get this action packed video. The story follows Jubei Shigakura (Japan's greatest swords man) who has gotten in trouble with a group of demons while at the same time doing a favor for an old man, taking revenge on a man he killed and helping a woman named Kageto. The actions scenes (which feature everything from decapitation to slicing) are terrific. The designs of the demon are great with each on possessing a different power (rock, snake, bees, locusts, shadows and electricity). There is extreme violence like when the rock demon tears off both arms of a man and drinks the blood from them. The dub is extremely well done at some points and I guess I can't complain. The story is extremely close to the plot of Wicked City, its scary. However, unlike Wicked City, Jubei and Kageto never get it on and the little old guy is way more mature then the one in Wicked City. There are some rather occult themes like that of Wicked City, but they're not frequent. So if your looking for a slightly toned down version of Wicked City, pick this one up and have fun watching it.
B000056VIY|4.0|This album isn't unbelievable, but it's pretty fun.  Love Don't Cost A Thing is already a huge hit, but there are plenty of possible single choices on this album.  Play is a hip-hop influenced song and has the only major explicit lyric in the whole CD.  Walking On Sunshine is another cool song, as is Ain't It Funny.  The only problem is Jennifer really doesn't have the voice to carry off the slow songs.  But still, it's a good CD that I'll keep in my CD player for a little bit.
B00003003S|4.0|Made in USA in 1999, Serial# 0694905512, Playing Time 132:49<br />This version of the 2-disc set comes to you as a censored version, where all instances of the F word have been cleaned. The masking is well done, so you can blast this without risking that your parents will come running into your room.<br />There's a ton of reviews for the regular version, with quite a variety of opinions. For my part, I like the CD because it presents GNR at their best: performing in front of an audience. The versions are generally well performed, but different enough from the studio versions to make this set a nice addition to their studio albums.
B0000524E5|3.0|I have the movie on both VHS and on DVD.  I was very disappointed in the DVD version.  It is in Widescreen.  This means that they merely cut off the top and bottom of the scene to make it appear Widescreen.  I realized the problem after watching the VHS and then going directly to the DVD for comparison.  What a shame.  It is a really fun and pleasurable movie to watch.  But knowing that I'm not seeing the WHOLE picture on the screen takes away some of the enjoyment.
0553573403|5.0|After giving up on the so-called masterpiece series &quot;Wheel of Time&quot;, I searched for a different series.  This one was getting alot of praise from various places, so I bought the first book.  You know a series is good when you rush out to buy the second book before you even finish the first.  That happened with &quot;A Song of Fire and Ice&quot;, a real pleasure to read.<br />Every chapter moves the plot forward, so you are not wasting time reading anything in this book.  And very rarely is the plot predictable; it is believable and compelling.  Even chapters that I felt would be a waste of time to read (I grew suspicious every time a chapter on Daenerys came up), actually turn out to be very entertaining and well-written.<br />All the characters are well developed, but my favorite character is Arya.  :)  I highly recommend this book, don't hesitate to read it.  Drop that boring, derivative Jordan book right now and buy &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot;.
B00004Z459|4.0|Linkin Park, at their heart, are not all that original.  They are basically like Limp, Deftones and even a little 311.  But they up the ante by adding a diversity to their musical deminsion.  They layer it nicely with piano on &quot;In the End&quot;, or make sweet techo on &quot;Cure for the Itch.&quot;  Then they turn around and kick it out hard with &quot;By Myself&quot; and lay down some awesome beats in &quot;With You&quot; (courtesy of The Dust Brothers).  So what if this genre is beginning to get a little worn.  Linkin Park is a welcome change, full of intesity, yet musical wisdom.
6305508550|3.0|Quite entertaining for the first half, but &quot;Office Space&quot; loses its focus once the theft scheming begins.  Good, restrained performances all around, although the Jennifer Aniston subplot either didn't belong, or wasn't developed beyond the point of giving Peter a way of expressing his thoughts to the audience.<br />Still, an enjoyable, and sometimes all too familiar parody of office politics and opression.  Let's hope the lackluster box-office success doesn't keep Mike Judge from another attempt.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This is a movie that you cannot miss.  One of a kind.  Russell Crowe is absolutely amazing in this movie and the storyline is unbelievable.  I would definitely recommend this movie to everyone.
B000002GYG|5.0|aka &quot;Makin the Scene with a Magazine&quot;. If you love Waits, or ever are alone on a Saturday Night with a bottle of yr favorite, this the THE best Lp/CD companion you could imagine. The inebriated concert of yr dreams, with Tom and in the corner of the greasiest spoon, cracking one-liners you never get tired of and playing the the sweetest faux blues/jazz of his life. Recorded after the genius concept album &quot;Heart of Saturday Night&quot;, this CD is top-shelf pre-&quot;Swordfish&quot; Tom Waits.
0871137380|3.0|This is the interesting description of what occurred in Mogadishu when the Army's command fatally misjudged a situation and as a result caused the death of numerous Somali citizens, many of whom had nothing to do with the conflict, and a number of its own soldiers, and lost lots of expensive equipment.  It also effectively thus terminated its own mission in Somalia.  The book provides an honest and apparently very accurate view of what really happened there, and often in sufficiently gruesome detail to prevent anyone from romanticizing the incident.  The problem is that so many people were involved in the event, and that the different players pop up again and again in different sections of the book, that it becomes almost a Dostoyevskian problem to keep track of them.  Of course, that is something that would have been difficult to avoid in any accurate and detailed narrative with so many players.
6305508550|5.0|One of the greatest comedies of all time!  Everyone must see this movie.
0792842499|5.0|This tale of the old west is unique in a sense that there are no reedemable characters among the main cast.  We have a two bit bandit (Tuco), a cold blooded assasin (Angel Eyes) and a double crossing gunslinger (Blondie, the good that is not that good).  The plot revolves around the search for a hidden loot of gold, stolen from the confederate army.<br />What stands out the most in this movie, is the performance given by Eli Wallach as Tuco.  The greedy look in his beady eyes, his unwashed quality, makes for an absolutely believable character we can't help but like, no matter how corrupted and honorless he is.<br />Great action scenes, the very best western duel (mexican standoff style), a very realistic look of the desolation and ruggedness of the scenery, and an outstanding musical score by Ennio Morricone complete this perfect film.
B00003CWTI|5.0|Rent it first. Commit the 3 hours to watch it - and watch it with an open mind, and without distraction. If you're dead-set on living life as a series of predicable events, this movie is not for you. Then again, maybe it'll be a wakeup call.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This album belongs in every home in America.
B00004RHZU|4.0|This is a very nice CD. Pink does a good job of conveying her message of self-determination and aggression against trifleness very plausibly. She has wonderful lyric patterns and inventive ways to mouth songs. My favorite tracks on this disc are the radio hits &quot;There U Go&quot;, &quot;Most Girls&quot; and &quot;You Make Me Sick,&quot; along with the should-be-a-single beautifully sung ballad &quot;Lemme Letcha Know&quot; which is such a GOOD SONG they should make it an album. Also, I really enjoy &quot;Do What U Do&quot; (which is my personal anthem for the year 2001) for its poignant lyrics that announce self-empowerment and platonic freedom: &quot;girl/boy, boy/girl, girl/girl, boy/boy whatever that you do you should do&quot; is a great line and helps push the album up to four stars. It's a great album people. Also, I like that track &quot;Hiccup&quot; it has a cool little beat.
B00000K2SC|5.0|How do you define &quot;Reality?&quot; This film provokes those uninclined to question the deeper meanings of life and states of being, to ponder theories of &quot;What is&quot; &amp; &quot;What if.&quot; For those of us who already ponder the Big Questions, this film is an action-packed, visually-pleasing adventure into the concepts we play with in our heads. If you study Hermetic Science, this movie seems to depict a great representation of the basic structure of Astral Travel &amp; the Astral Environment. If not, it seems a very good example of how Dreams work..... So how do you know you are not Dreaming, right now, as you read these words? Are you jacked-in? Will my words disintegrate into a thousand shards of triangular mirrors and leave you face-to-face with the reality your sitting on the edge of a deep chasm...falling-forward into darkness? Or, will you.....Wake Up?
B00003652R|4.0|With the exception of the single, Kayleigh, this is a flawless recording.  Fish is at his lyrical and melodic best. The comparison's to Genesis are absent here as they finally assumed a truly unique an original voice. The band never sounded tighter or more creative. Not quite at the level of the best of 70's prog's finest but not far behind either.  I could never warm up to Kayleigh, just too pop focused, but you can't hold it against the band as it was a one-off, not a trend. This recording is highly recommended...Simon
B0000203YT|5.0|I have been going to &quot;Shakespeare in The Park,&quot; in Louisville, KY for ten years &amp; I love the works of William Shakespeare. So, when this movie came out, I had to see it, immediately! I loved the movie so-much I had to own it. I could watch this film a dozen times (which is not normal for me). I love all of the Actors, including the supporting roles and bit-parts. This is also one of my &quot;Top-Ten&quot; list movies. Joseph Fiennes is thoroughly convincing and has the intensity to properly portray a Great Writer...and Lover. I find this movie to be very Inspirational and Moving. I recommend &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot; to women AND men.  It is not just a Romantic Comedy--it is intense, powerful, emotional and even has a sword-fight for the guys who don't like &quot;mushy stuff.&quot; Men should send this one to their significant other, with a note saying, &quot;How-about some Cuddle Time?&quot;
B000002UAU|5.0|Sgt. Pepper is probably the most influencal rock album...ever. Starting with the impossibly catchy, rock friendly title track, which gices you the impression you are watching Sgt. Pepper preform live, Billy Shears (Ringo) is introduced and With A Little... starts. Ringo does a great job singing this pop clasic. Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds is an amazing song by John, which, allagedly, had nothing to do with LSD. As much as I hate to admit is, Getting Better sounds better in Phillips commercials. It still sounds good here though. Fixing A Hole is a strange song, by Paul I think, but not bad. She's Leaving Home is more of a classical song than a Rock Song, with mostly strings. Hard to dislike. Mr. Kite is an odd, slow circus song by John. Again, it's impossibly catchy. Within You... is a hypnotic Indian song by George. Paul sped up his voice for When I'm Sixty Four, a 1920's song that, ironically, looks at the future. Lovely Rita is an accoustic/electric rocker. Good Morning is an early (catchy) ska song with blasting horns. Sgt. Pepper (reprise) closes up the concert the same way it opened it(in other words, it the same as the first song). A Day In The Life is a schizofrenic ballad, for lack of a better word. I won't begin do describe this incredible song with it's epic srtings, and fast chorus. At the end, a dog whistle comes on as joke. Anyway BUY THIS ALBUM.<br />Mr. Noname, The Fat Guy
B00003CXBK|5.0|This movie takes the word &quot;Cartoon&quot; out of your vocabulary, when describing &quot;Anime&quot; and related films. &quot;Princess Mononoke&quot; is a visually stunning movie, with very Realistic scenes that make you understand what all the fuss is about, with this form of animation.  The techniques used in the creation of this film give respect to the Artist(s) &amp; the story gives a respectful nod to &quot;Pagan&quot; motifs. The Story and Artistic Wonder of this movie will bring many people to Anime, who have not given it a try, before. This is definately a Cross-Genre movie, with something for everyone. I will never forget the beautiful, fantastic scenes and Graceful Flowing of the Imagery!!! I was not interested in Anime, until my fiance' and I watched this Adventure, together....then, I was hooked.  However, once you have seen this movie, most animation seems of a &quot;lesser&quot; standard and doesn't give you the same Impact! It's like gaining Knowledge, once you acquire it, you cannot go-back.... So, hope that the Anime Artists continue their work &amp; support their endeavors! I recommend this one for Adults, not just Children!
B000002UB3|5.0|Abbey Road was the last Beatle's LP to be recorded. It also featured George [Harrison]'s first single Something. It starts with John's slow, funk, rocker Come Together which features nonsense lyrics, but a good beat. Something is probably George's best ballad and it's just that: a straight ballad. Maxwell's Silver Hammer is an odd song by Paul. It's not terrible, but Paul rebounds with Oh! Darling, a done-me-wrong blues rocker. Ringo wrote and sang Octopus's Garden. It's a corny Yellow Submarineish song that makes you realize why Ringo rarely wrote songs. I Want You is a really long rocker by John. It gets repitive at the end. Here comes the sun is another George song, an accoustic ballad. Because is a strange, slow song. After the aforementioned radio-friendly songs which each Beatle (except Ringo) could write in thier sleep, You Never... kicks off the really long song that is the second half. Since each song flows into each other, it's hard to write a review. Highlights include Mean Mr. Mustard, Polythene Pam, and The End. Her majesty can also go on record as the first ever bonus track (probably). If you haven't bought a Beatles album yet, I would recomend Sgt. Pepper, but no collection should be complete without the classic Abbey Road.<br />Mr. Noname, The Fat Guy
0790736233|5.0|An Astounding Journey into Space...or The Astral Realm ? Discoveries Beyond your Dreams.... A Very Well-Made Film, with lots of Great Special-Effects. When I first saw this movie, it Captivated my Attention, from beginning to end. I cannot say enough good things about the way this movie was produced! The Scenes are Beautiful, the story is Great, the Actors are perfect for their roles, the scenes roll smoothly and fluidly together....did I mention the Special Effects? If I write any more about this film, today, I am going to Coerce myself into watching it again! Just writing about it brings the powerful imagery flowing back into my conscious memory.... The philosophical, religious and scientific aspects of this movie are wonderful and only accentuated by the action and well-presented effects. They are not &quot;tacked-on,&quot; the way they are in many movies. CONTACT is definately on my &quot;Top-Ten&quot; List !
B000002U82|1.0|A yawn inducing example of style over substance. Okay, the production is immaculate. But the lyrical content is insipid and hilariously self-pitying from millionaire rock stars. Who cares?The musicianship is nothing spectacular either.<br />This is navel gazing of the most self-indulgent kind. The only Floyd album worth any discerning listener's time is the first one- &quot;Piper At The Gates of Dawn.&quot; And it has a sense of humor and whimsy that is sadly missing from the Floyd's subsequent work.
B00000IBRX|5.0|This Movie is so Absolutely Incredible, that I went to see it Twice at the movie theater! I rarely watch a movie twice, unless I wait a few years, between viewings....but, &quot;What Dreams May Come&quot; is a breakthrough in Visually understanding the After-Life. Most of the concepts explored in this movie are blatant depictions of Hermetic Knowledge....stuff you could only learn from the Secret Schools, after studying the books The Pope tried to Burn out of existence. This is pure Science (Hermetic Science): &quot;Raising and Lowering the Vibratory Rate (Level of Consciousness)&quot; to go to whatever level of the Astral Plane of existence (&quot;Heaven&quot; /&quot;Hell&quot; / &quot;Limbo&quot;) a person should wish to travel in the After-World. This movie makes Sense out of Dogma and shows that &quot;Heaven&quot; and &quot;Hell&quot; are just &quot;States of Mind.&quot; If you are depressed, &quot;evil,&quot; tormented, etc., Mentally...then you are in &quot;Hell.&quot; However, if your basic &quot;Vibratory Rate&quot; is a happy, satisfied, struggling towards understanding, or in-love &quot;State of Mind&quot;....you find &quot;Heaven.&quot; This movie makes so much sense and explains Dreams, The After-Life and Psychology in such a Wonderful and Beautiful format, that I must place it on my &quot;Top-Ten&quot; list!!! Be happy, when you make the Transition to the Next Life....and be happy that this is money well-spent ! Believe me, you cannnot only watch this film once--so save trips to the Video Rental Store!
B000002O4S|4.0|All right, I admit it... my main interest in picking this up was not for the instrumentals. Like most folks, I wanted it for the two cuts by Huey Lewis and The News, 'The Power of Love' and 'Back In Time'. Yes, I really dug on those 80's bubble-gum/retro pop tracks back in my middle school days, and I needed to complete my HL&amp;N collection, okay? And don't laugh, cuz you bought this OST back then for the exact same reason, and don't you deny it! Besides, with the boom of the 80's nostalgia market  nowadays- with TransFormers, G.I. Joe, Masters of the Universe, Voltron and John Hughes-directed movies being just a few examples- this soundtrack will be stylin' once again in no time!<br />But even though my reasons for owning this recording was to add to my library of Reagan-era pop, it did  introduce me to the world of symphonic music. Up until that time, I never cared much for symphony, be it classical or modern. Alan Silvestri's efforts added just the right tone to the movies' many tense and exciting moments. His BTTF overture got me curious enough to check out the works of other great notable soundtrack composers, including Jerry Goldsmith (Star Trek I, V, VIII &amp; IX, Total Recall), James Horner (Star Trek II, III), Basil Poledouris (RoboCop, Starship Troopers, Conan) and especially John Williams (The Star Wars &amp; Indiana Jones Trilogies, Superman The Movie). Of course it also helps that I'm a big fan of the films that these composers wrote music for. Ironically, my interests in other Silvestri pieces is minimal. I don't even know any other movies he's scored tunes for aside from the BTTF trilogy!<br />This soundtrack also introduced me to Eric Clapton. Sadly, I was less than impressed by his '(Heaven is) One Step Away'. Fortunately, I discovered other Clapton tunes that changed my preconceptions about his talent and abilities. Lindsay Buckinghams' 'Time Bomb Town' is pretty paranoid, and isn't exactly a cut that makes for a comfortable listen. But the manyother tracks more than make up for these less-than-stellar performances.<br />'Late
6302814782|4.0|I think the thing I liked best about this movie was the way it kept unfolding.  Some things were left to the intelligence of the viewer to notice, instead of the viewer being bashed over the head with them.  You know there must be a point to the way the film starts with the camera being carried over the water, it's just not obvious until later.  Some of the elements are more obviously strung to together than others, but it's still interesting to figure out why things happened like they did (the food-to-insects seems just as if there was only a little childish prank running, until Michel is skeptical about Star's warning, adding the possibility that they were giving him a skeletal sporting chance).  It adds an element of uncertainty: are they just being silly, or devious?<br />  The gore wasn't nearly as bad as I expected from an R-rated film, which I like: it trims down the reliance on shock value, and lets other elements come into play.  The brief flashes of violence during the vampire attack on the beach party just serve to highlight Michel's struggle and the shock of the attack.  Something more drawn out would make it seem as if it were easier for Michel to resist.  <br />  The break from the formal portrayal of vampirism is really what gives the film interest, although it appears they still don't drink milk.  The characters of Sam and the Frog brothers are satisfying as long as you don't expect serious, character-developing material, just characters acting for fun. <br />  One of the things I really wondered, though, was, &quot;Is this film high-budget, or low-budget&quot;?  They totalled two cars during the course of the movie and completely trashed a house set.  Yet they ran a shot of the view leaving the cave as a reverse of entering it.  This left me wondering if the vampires flew backwards for some reason. <br />  Still, it's very eighties, it's got its own mood, and it's interesting.  A weekend movie success.
B00002ZMNV|4.0|I Bought this incredible DVD... i saw it, and it rocks with dolby surround 5.1... i finished it but i sensed something was missing... I said to myself that this could have been the most powerful and astonishing DVD that could have ever been created, but the were two great metallica songs missing... FADE TO BLACK - Metallicas Anthem,   Unforgiven II - This song would have rocked with the Orchestra.  Although this two songs were missing... James sings as he never did ! ! ! Lars is so astonishing ! ! ! Jason... his BASS rocks as always ... just ROCKTACULAR ! ! ! Kirk's guitar ... ??? long live Kirk's talent ! ! ! And the Orchestra ??? It was great ! ! ! I know that Jason left Metallica... but he will always live in our hearts as the great Bass-player that always astonished us with something new ... Long Live Jason Newsted ! ! ! &quot;Will continue battling 'till the end of time&quot; Jason, will always miss you...   Back to the point... although those tow song weren't played, this DVD will Rock forever ! ! !
B000006TRV|5.0|&quot;The Wall&quot; is the greatest full-length concept album of all time, period.  The recording is immense, somewhat unaccessable, dark, and completely brilliant.  Nine Inch Nails and Tool come to mind when reviewing this album, because these two bands and Pink Floyd are some of the few that are more interested in making great music than keeping the fans happy and the record deals coming.   This CD is an experiment in seeing how much strangers will get into the band's personal work.  Fortunately for Pink Floyd, they're such a great band that they can make a living out of this kind of idea.  &quot;The Wall&quot; isn't really a collection of different songs, but rather a twisted musical that floors me every time I pop it in the CD player.  As with all Pink Floyd albums, I find it hard to describe the beauty and complexity within them, so I urge you to just pick up a copy of one or more of their classic albums.  I guarantee (unless you're a Slipknot redneck) you will be hooked on Pink Floyd before the album you've bought is done playing.
B00002ZMNV|4.0|I Bought this incredible DVD... i saw it, and it rocks with dolby surround 5.1... i finished it but i sensed something was missing... I said to myself that this could have been the most powerful and astonishing DVD that could have ever been created, but the were two great metallica songs missing... FADE TO BLACK - Metallicas Anthem,   Unforgiven II - This song would have rocked with the Orchestra.  Although this two songs were missing... James sings as he never did ! ! ! Lars is so astonishing ! ! ! Jason... his BASS rocks as always ... just ROCKTACULAR ! ! ! Kirk's guitar ... ??? long live Kirk's talent ! ! ! And the Orchestra ??? It was great ! ! ! I know that Jason left Metallica... but he will always live in our hearts as the great Bass-player that always astonished us with something new ... Long Live Jason Newsted ! ! ! &quot;Will continue battling 'till the end of time&quot; Jason, will always miss you...   Back to the point... although those tow song weren't played, this DVD will Rock forever ! ! !
0679879269|1.0|I liked The Golden Compass. I liked The Subtle Knife about half as much. I hurled The Amber Spyglass across the room and smack into a wall when I finished it.  Philip Pullman is a master of suspense, and an excellent scholar, a deep thinker. He also has created a fantasy world teeming with so many imaginary creatures, cultures, and inventions that I don't know of (m)any living writers who could match his skill in this area. However, he is not a genius with language. His book could be edited much more. Some parts could be cut or related more quickly. Some loose chunks of the plot could be knocked firmly into place.  Still, these aren't the reasons why I can't give this book even one star. The problem? He uses all his skills to mock the Christian church and God Himself. Can Mr. Pullman truly feel such devouring scorn, I wonder with despair. Were it possible for me to make an intercision between the Christian part of me and the other me, I could give this book a star or two. But with one whole soul, I must give it none. Please note the one star above is a lie.
0920668364|5.0|I absolutley love this book!!! I have no children yet, but everytime I read this book I cry! It's such a great book with beautiful pictures. I can't wait to have children of my own so that I can read it to them. I know I'll love them forever!!! Anyone who has children has to have a copy of this book. I just think about it and get teary eyed. I recommened it to everyone of all ages.
0385335482|5.0|Sophie Kinsella has it down to a science.  I'm a shopoholic myself and I found myself agreeing with Becky's reasons for buying all the things she does.  It tells a great story of a young twenty-something living in a big city and wanting it all.  I flew through this book - it was easy to read, lighthearted and entertaining.  If you love to shop , you'll get a kick out of this book!!
B000001DQG|3.0|Coming hot on the heels of Elton's masterpiece, &quot;GoodBye Yellow Brick Road&quot;, &quot;Caribou&quot; was a crushing disappointment to critics and fans alike. Elton had never been one to put out &quot;product&quot; for the sake of satisfying the demands of the record company execs, but that's exactly what this is. There are no golden eggs here, although there are a few rotten ones, namely &quot;You're So Static&quot; and &quot;Solar Prestige A Gammon&quot;. &quot;I've Seen The Saucers&quot;, &quot;Stinker&quot; and &quot;Ticking&quot; are the exception and each would sound right at home on &quot;GoodBye Yellow Brick Road&quot;. Many of the other tracks are filler. Considering the pressure Elton was under and the hectic touring schedule he endured, this sin of an album is understandable but falls well short of the high standards Elton had set for himself with his string of early 70's gems. Sadly it was all downhill from here....
6304666799|5.0|I first heard of this production when discussing the movie Billy Elliot with a colleague. He told me that the ballet being performed at the end of the movie was an innovative staging of Swan Lake that featured men, instead of women, as the swan corps de ballet. I was intriqued and ordered it - wow, is all I can say. I've had the opportunity to see some excellent ballet performances in my life and the only one that came close to moving me as much was Spartacus by the Bolshoi. It gives a whole new meaning to a beloved classic. And Adam Cooper as the Swan - be still my beating heart!!! Incredible dancing combined with that proud, stern, smoldering sensuality. Yum, yum...
0425170349|2.0|This one was a big disappointment.  Missing are the believable military-political scenarios that characterized Clancy's earlier works; in their place, the author inserts a storyline that moves the book from the techno-thriller genre he pioneered into the realm of B-movie sci-fi.  The ending takes the right-wing preaching that began to assert itself in _Executive Orders_ to a new zenith.
B00003XACV|5.0|I have seen American Beauty two times all the way through, and parts of it probably at least ten times.  The music really is a major part of the movie, that sets everything.  It's all just perfect for the characters feelings, thoughts, and actions.  It all fits so well. I just got this CD, the score, for Christmas and I can't stop listening to it.  Every time I do, I think back to the individual parts in the movie where the music was played.  Then, also, the music just by itself, even if it wasn't part of the movie, is so wonderful.  Some people I know who have listened to it and seen the movie, they didn't like the movie and didn't want to be brought back to the scenes of it from the music.  I guess they just can't see the actual beauty of the music itself.  But this CD is so incredible.  I am very happy to own it and listen to it constantly.  My favorite song is American Beauty, I love the piano in it.  The only other thing I can say is to go out and buy this CD, you'll love it.
0375420525|5.0|There is not enough I can say about this book. I have recommended this book to almost everyone I know. And anyone who has listened to me has also fallen in love with this book.<br />    Yes Danielewski uses literary &quot;tricks&quot; to more involve the reader, but in some cases it really works. I usually can't stand Cummings-like word play, but it didnt get annoying at all in this book. The storyline(s) are all good, I always heard from others that you would like one character's storyline over another, but i found them all equally intriguing.<br />    While reading this book it really affected me and my thought patterns, the few days it took to read the whole thing were very interesting days, and nights, to say the least. You sit there and read it and think to yourself &quot;how can i be the same after reading this book?&quot;. It is a ........which is always a good thing.<br />    &quot;This is Not For You&quot;, heed those words. If you dont like to sit down and read a few hundred pages in one sitting, oblivious to what is happening around you, or if you dont like taking out your cap'n crunch decoder ring to decipher some letters in the appendix of a book, then this book isnt for you. If you dont like to have your paradigm knocked out of whack for awhile then this book is definitely not for you.<br />    There is always time for sleep after you finish the book...
B0000027RL|3.0|there is 2 reasons i gave this album 3 stars. 1.It helped make grunge 2. becasue of the songs &quot;alive&quot; and &quot;black&quot;. im not a pearl jam fan i only like 5 songs that they ever wrote.
0451191153|5.0|The first time I read &quot;The Fountainhead&quot;, I was deeply impressed with the plot, characters, and events it portrays. Howard Roark is one of the few fictional characters I've encountered that I would definitely want to meet. His capacity for sheer joy is almost unequaled in literature. Yes, the characters are abstract, but that's infinitely preferable to yet another novel about yet another damsel in distress, or poor man crushed by the evil capitalists. In my opinion, Dominique Francon was the least &quot;believable&quot; of all the characters, but one of the most interesting...her motivations may not have been realistic, but she is fascinating from a philosophical perspective. After reading &quot;The Fountainhead&quot;, you'll be amazed how many Peter Keatings you see in everyday life.<br />After reading reviewer after reviewer complain about the book's lack of realism, I want to say that I was amazed at the number of events in this book that rang true for me. The description of Gail Wynand's schooling still stands out in my mind, along with the contest held by Wynand's Banner to see whether they could raise more money for an unwed mother or a struggling scientist. I've said this before, in my review of &quot;Atlas Shrugged&quot; - Rand's minor characters are incredible. Mrs. Keating is exactly what she needs to be, and she is such an accurate picture of so many well-meaning but intervening parents! The description of Mrs. Wayne Wilmot, a potential client of Roark's, is just staggering - it so perfectly characterizes so many people.<br />I'm currently in the middle of my second reading of the book, and I'm surprised how many little details I'm noticing now that I skipped right over before. This is definitely a book you have to read twice. Rand had such an acute sense of contrast and irony, and it's such a shame to miss all the little details she put in for the reader to find. It's like an irony gold mine. Just compare the descriptions of Roark and Keating walking down the same street and you'll see what I mean.<br />There's just one thing missing from this book - illustrations. I would give anything to see a building that Howard Roark could have designed, and the movie adaptation's models were so bad I cringed when I saw them. I'd love to see someone design the Stoddard Temple, or the Enright House, or the Wynand Building...basically any of the buildings Roark did. Even the gas station. It would be great if the Ayn Rand Institute or some other Objectivist institution sponsored an architectural contest for a design for one of these buildings.<br />The first time I ever heard of this book was in an essay about Objectivism which called &quot;The Fountainhead&quot; poorly written and awkward. Nothing could be farther from the truth. Say whatever else you like about Ayn Rand, she was a phenomenal writer (that English wasn't even her first language still amazes me). I highly recommend &quot;The Fountainhead&quot; to everyone - even if you don't agree with the philosophy, the story and the writing are sheer delight.
B0000027RL|3.0|there is 2 reasons i gave this album 3 stars. 1.It helped make grunge 2. becasue of the songs &quot;alive&quot; and &quot;black&quot;. im not a pearl jam fan i only like 5 songs that they ever wrote.
B000056VIY|3.0|i d-loaded this album about a week before it came out, and kept 6 out of the 15 tracks.those six were &quot;love dont cost a thing&quot; &quot;thats not me&quot; &quot;walking on sunshine&quot; &quot;we gotta talk&quot;  &quot;dance with me&quot; and &quot;play&quot;.i was SHOCKED to see how many of the reviews she received for this album were so incredbily scathing, the album is NOT THAT BAD. if you like teeny pop and modern r&amp;b production you will like this album. if you dont, you will not. simple as that.
B000056QD7|5.0|This is the Asian import version of the Britney Spears album, &quot;Oops!...I Did It Again&quot;. It comes packaged in a 2CD jewel case that is inside a paper sleave. The 2CD jewel case cover is the same as all the other versions of this album, while the paper sleave cover is the one you see above. The booklet is exactly the same as the others. As for the songs on, it has a total of 15 tracks:<br />1. - &quot;Oops!...I Did It Again&quot;<br />2. - &quot;Stronger&quot; <br />3. - &quot;Don't Go Knockin' On My Door&quot; <br />4. - &quot;(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction&quot; <br />5. - &quot;Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know&quot; <br />6. - &quot;What U See (Is What U Get)&quot; <br />7. - &quot;Lucky&quot; <br />8. - &quot;One Kiss From You&quot; <br />9. - &quot;Where Are You Now&quot; <br />10. - &quot;Can't Make You Love Me&quot; <br />11. - &quot;When Your Eyes Say It&quot; <br />12. - &quot;Girl In The Mirror&quot; <br />13. - &quot;You Got It All&quot; <br />14. - &quot;Heart&quot; [Bonus Track] <br />15. - &quot;Dear Diary&quot;<br />The CD has &quot;Heart&quot; listed as the only bonus track, but compared to the U.S. version, tracks 12-14 are all bonus tracks. The 2nd CD that comes with this is a VCD (VideoCD - works with DVDs and computers). It contains the following:<br />1. - &quot;Oops!...I Did It Again&quot; [Full Music Video] <br />2. - &quot;Lucky&quot; [Full Music Video] <br />3. - &quot;Stronger&quot; [Full Music Video] <br />4. - &quot;Oops!...I Did It Again&quot; [Karaoke] <br />5. - &quot;Lucky&quot; [Karaoke] <br />6. - &quot;Stronger&quot; [Karaoke]<br />In case your wondering what it means by 'Karaoke', it means that it shows the music video but it has the words on the screen so you can sing along. The music videos are all complete and they are okay quality. If you would happen to get this CD, pop it into your computer and find the VCD doesn't work (which is what happened to me), don't panic.... <br />Overall, I think this CD is very good. It isworth it if you like her music videos, bonus tracks, and you like collecting Britney stuff. ....
B00000JFV9|5.0|The fact that this is my namesake should say it all. If you have any bone of your body that is not lame then this album should be yours.  The greatest album of all time, it combines killer grooves and potent messages to rise above all competition.  Opening with the apocalyptic &quot;Little Child Runnin Wild&quot; describing life on the streets, it goes into the cause of it, &quot;Pusherman,&quot; a hypnotic groove that creates an antihero out of the dealer.  Its only up from here.  This album's so funky that it is impossible to sit still while its on, but you can't help listening to the words and wishing things were different, cause even though &quot;Superfly&quot; is 25 nothins changed. Curtis Mayfield is an excellent musician. Percussion-like wah guitar, haunting leads, groovin bass lines, driving drums and incredible punctuation by horns and strings almost make this a &quot;how-to&quot; for funk musicians.  And Curtis answers the problem in &quot;No thing on me&quot; with his uplifting mantra &quot;I've got my own.&quot;  Taking this advice &quot;Superfly&quot; rises above it all in the final, title, track,cause he's just &quot;tryin to get over&quot;
B00003CXN4|4.0|Don't get me wrong. &quot;Traffic&quot; is a truly great film. It's very original. As a movie, though, it doesn't do justice to any films about drugs. There are hundreds of films about the inevitable addiction, but &quot;Traffic&quot; isn't one of those films that defines drug films in general. If you're a fan of director Steven Soderbergh (Out of Sight, Erin Brockovich), then without a doubt, you're going to love this film. However, if you're very much of a mainstream moviegoer, then your view is on a 50/50 basis. This near three hour drug epic is centered around four stories, (people say three but it seems like four), with two agents protecting a criminal who's about to testify against a drug lord, his wife ends up taking over the family business while he sits in jail. Meanwhile, a Mexican cop struggles with the blur between right and wrong while working for a corrupt general, who intends on cornering the drug market as the country's drug czar, the fellow drug czar he's to meet is a newly appointed man who comes across the news that his straight shooter of a daughter is a junkie. The cinematography of the film captures the atmosphere and mood of the film with it's rusty and sunny visuals depicting these characters. The performances are all around great particularly with Benicio Del Toro's cop, Michael Douglas' put upon father, and frequent Soderbergh actors Don Cheadle and Luis Guzman as wiseacre DEA agents. As well as Miguel Ferrer as the targeted informant and Dennis Quaid as a shady lawyer. Soderbergh's use of the steadycam is throughout the entire film to have a raw documentary feel to it. This may annoy some, it may be intriguing to others. I found some if it to be necessary and then parts of it when it was totally uncalled for. The film is a raw education into the minds of the people whose lives revolve around drugs. Some work with it, some against it. It's statement is that the war on drugs is totally inevitable. While it's entertaining, it also has an impact to it. &quot;Traffic&quot; is most definitely an intriguing movie but it's for very serious minded moviegoers.
B000002H6C|5.0|one word ,WOW !I have got all the albums of metallica and this is their 2nd best album after master of puppets.After the death of cliff (probably the best bassist ever)metallica returns with one great album '...and justice for all'which is criticized by some for being to long .It has got james with his voice sounding more maturish than the previous albums,he doesn't scream like in their previous outtings and lets the finality in his voice which is in this album take over.<br />         It begins with an explosive song BLACKENED which  has great beat changes and harsh lyrics about earth being put to death.the next song which is the title  song is agreat song with  Kirk doing afine job.EYE OF THE BEHOLDER is an okay okay song ,great intro though .Then comes the grammy sward winning song 'ONE'which is probably the greatest song metallica has ever made and probably the best anti war song ever and also has the harshest and best lyrics by metallica ending with'landmine has taken my sight,taken my speech,taken my hearing, taken my arms,taken my legs,taken my soul,left my life in aliving hell' .THE SHORTEST STRAW is also a very good song with great riffs.<br />    HARVESTOR OF SORROW is the heaviest song of the album though I never could understand what it is about though I've read the lyrics a zillion times and it has  strange lyrics such as 'harvestor of sorrow,language of the mad'.TO LIVE IS TO DIE is a ten minute song which is almost an instrumental and has james speaking a few lines for 10-15 seconds,it is also the only song showing some warmth as it is dedicated to clff burton their late and great bass player.FRAYED ENDS OF SANITY is an explosive song with a great chorus and is also pretty long (7.40 minutes)but over all a very good song.The last song DYRE'S EVE is the second best song after ONE and probably the fastest song ever made by metallica about the faults of bringing up achild with lyrics such as 'dear mother,dear father,you clipped my wings before I learnt to fly'and is also the shortest song of the albumm(5.12 minutes).This is not an album for those with no patience and cannot listen to long compositons.The only problem with album is it's recording which could have been much better.
0767819594|3.0|This is not a movie for children who think that the characters in this movie are &quot;cool&quot;.  This is for those people who wish to see just why our western culture is coming apart at the seems.  There are so many metaphors in the dialogue connectiong something decent and what was once considered incorruptible with a horrid act that the character makes.  Do not buy this movie thinking that it would be good for junior high students.  This is for those who are sophisticated enough to realize the behavior is not to be copied.
B00004Z459|5.0|This the best cd I have owned. It is a good mix, and all the songs on the cd are great. I have nothing bad to say about Linkin Park, because there is nothing bad to say. If you buy this cd, you will fall in love with it. Get this cd, because it is great. I have had it for a while, and i'm still not sick of it. This cd is good if you like rock. Get this cd.
0140288503|5.0|First and foremost, I must get something off my chest: This is easily the best non-fiction volume of warfare I have ever read. The Vietnam war may have produced a massive collection of searing literature, but this seemingly-innocuous account tops them all.<br />No one comes as close as Bowden does in depicting the utter madness of combat. Not only does he capture the ground-level experience vividly, with recognisable characters, spatial coherence is also maintained in the face of a vast and confusing battlefield. Useful and detailed maps are interspersed at crucial points to help explain the overall proceedings. This is in contrast to one too many similarly-themed works whose maps are often gratuitous and serve to confuse the reader even more.<br />Testimony to his skill lies in the fact that the reader always is always given a clear bird's eye view of unfolding events, while at the same time being stuck on the streets below with the individual soldiers. For once I was able to feel the frustration of the beleaguered troops as they battled against overwhelming odds. Some of the most effective scenes involve the medic's attempts at saving the lives of grievously wounded troops - I could not get the horrific vision out of my mind for a dreadfully long time. The eventual victory is painfully hollow, for every man lost is a tragedy. If any book can be anti-war, this is it.<br />That Bowden is an outsider who has never experienced combat at first hand makes his achievement all the greater. His masterpiece is raw, visceral and terrifying, fully deserving of all the acclaim it has received, and more.
B00003CXE7|5.0|WHAT CAN YOU SAY ABOUT GLADIATOR, BUT AWESOME, RUSSELL CROWE IS THE NEXT BIG SUPERSTAR BARNONE.IF YOU DON'T OWN THIS DVD I HIGLY RECCOMEND IT,LIKE IT SAYS IN THE MOVIE THE GENERAL WHO BECAME A SLAVE,THE SLAVE WHO BECAME A GLADIATOR,THE GLADIATOR WHO DEFINED AN EMPIRE!
B00003CX8I|5.0|&quot;SMART, FUNNY AND LOADED WITH EYE-POPPING ACTION.&quot;-- NY-1 Has all-new featurette with 10 minutes of never-before-seen footage, interviews with Bryan Singer and animated storyboards. This video totally rocks with great mutant characters. Like Wolverine, Cyclops, Storm, Sabortooth, Magneto, and Rouge. Really Awesome Heroes!!!
B000002MP2|5.0|After careful consideration, I realized this was my absolute favorite album. If only music weren't so difficult to describe, I could write 10,000 pages (front and back) on the magnificence of Dookie<br />Burn Out = A<br />Having a Blast = A<br />Chump = A-<br />Longview = A<br />Welcome to Paradise = A<br />Pulling Teeth = A<br />BASKETCASE = A+++ (best song)<br />She = A+<br />Sassafras Roots = A<br />When I Come Around = A+<br />Coming Clean = A-<br />Emenius Sleepus = A<br />In the End = A-<br />F.O.D. = A+
0679777547|3.0|Engrossing but a little disappointing ending
0684857219|5.0|I'm a beginner. I bought this book so I could define my workout, see what exercises I should do, how often I should do them and learn the correct technique. I'm totally satisfied! I think its  worth the price. He gives tips and exercises for building muscle and for definition. There're good tips on intensity and different training principles. If you're a beginner and looking for a book to buy, this is definitely a good choice.
B00003CXN4|5.0|Hailed by critics across the nation, Traffic is the most critically acclaimed film of the year, and for good reason.  Rather than summarize the plot, I'm just going to say that this film ranks amongst the true classics and will be for many years to come.  This is the odds on favorite for best picutre, lets hope the academy makes the right decision.  Ignore all those who try to convince by using &quot;big words&quot; that this film isn't what they say it is.  Those people trying to make themselves look smart by trying to convince you that they can see the films &quot;faults&quot; that we can't.  Or they didn't understand the film at all and should stick to Adam Sandler movies.<br />P.S The teen performances were outstanding, we were &quot;snickering&quot; in acknoledgement that we have all been through that &quot;parents don't understand us&quot; phase.
B00004YW6I|2.0|I have liked everything that Pj has ever done.  but this? this is schmaltz.  Some people have said that it's her most accecible as if that's a good thing.  accesibility on records generally means that the writer wasn't trying hard enough, that this music isn't anything you havn't heard before. very true with this album.  this stuff is hardly original, hardly deep.  Now, i won't blame Harvey for being happy, you can't hold that against her.  But i will blame her for not trying.  There is no depth here, especially in the production which is sqeaky clean and edgeless.  This album bored me.  Two stars because of the song horses.  not a bad one.  and the tom yorke songs come kinda close to being good. the last song is horrid, fluffy, cheesy you name it.  SOrry Pj, i do feel bad giving this a bad review, but it wasn't that long ago that your albums were works of art...what happened?
6304025831|5.0|I once heard Quentin Tarantino say: \\"Robert de Niro has done an amazing job both in 'Casino' and 'Heat'. I think he was robbed of two Oscar nominations that year!\\" Could he have said more?
B00004XONN|5.0|This is definately an album that gets better with each listen. The first time I heard it, I didn't like it very much, even though I loved OK Computer and some other Radiohead stuff I had heard. (Anyone who saw my earlier review can attest to that.) It's quite the experimental album, more keyboard-oriented than previous Radiohead efforts (thought not as much so as some have claimed) and definately less guitar-oriented. This is not to say that the album is less musically-oriented as a whole. Indeed, Thom Yorke's vocals are less prominent here than they ever were before. However, the instrumentation is given over to other things-keyboards, odd-sounding guitar, horns, samples, and other things. Yorke's lyrics and vocals are still as pained and expressional as ever, though. Key cuts include Everything In It's Right Place (with it's intro keyboards and sampled vocals), How To Disappear Completely (with absolutely tortured singing from Yorke), The National Anthem (with it's swinging bassline and wacky instrumental break), and Optimistic (which sounds more like OK Computer than any other track on the album.) Other tracks are even stranger-Treefingers (an instrumental lacking a melody), Morning Bell and Idioteque (experimental songs, being very electronica in style, especially the latter), and the closing Motion Picture Soundtrack (with it's odd start/stop ending.) If you don't like this album at first, pick it up later and listen to it again... and again and again, if necessary. Play it and play it until you discover it's brilliance.
0553106635|4.0|First things first - This is a masterpiece, in every sense of the word.  Creating a world with it's own glorious history that could stand next to our own.  I can truthfully think of only one flaw, and that is that this series is not, in truth, a series, as much as it is one book, designed to be read as one book, yet taken into four parts.  It would be quite possible to transfer directly from one book to another in one sitting, and it produces the most massive cliffhangers.  If I as a reviewer can give you one piece of advice, then do not buy this book right now, unless you are a slow reader.  Wait until all of them are finished, and then buy the whole set at once.  Otherwise, you will basically be putting down the book at an abstract spot, leaving it there for 2 years, and then coming back later.  But, if you have them all in sequence, then this is the greatest series I can possibly perscribe.  As Strong Belwas once said...<br />&quot;Strong Belwas cares not for tinkly bells.  Strong Belwas wants liver and onion!&quot;<br />And I guess he was right.
B000008DA5|4.0|The Smiley Smile/ Wild Honey 2fer is the best and, perhaps most frustrating of the 2fer Capitol releases.  For one, Smiley Smile is a reminder that Smile did not happen, and for another, Wild Honey is almost like the Beach Boys starting over.  Indeed, Mike Love has been quoted as saying that the group paid its dues AFTER they became famous.  They really paid them when they released these two albums in '67 and watched them get ignored by the same public that had embraced them earlier. Now, no one will ever hear me defend Smiley Smile as a great piece of work. It ain't!  It's interesting, but it's only for completists.  However, Wild Honey could have been a GREAT album.  I would argue that it was a lost opportunity almost as great as Smile. It's my favorite album for several reasons.  For one, the Beach Boys, or rather Brian, are re-inventing themselves.  They could have really gone for broke on this one.  They are still ahead of the pack (the Beatles, Stones, and Dylan would not go back to rock until the following year).  The songs, though underproduced, are great.  Sugary pop, but the songs are there and they stand up well with much of their previous work.  Carl Wilson really shines on I Was Made to Love Her and Wild Honey.  To be sure, that guy could really belt it out!! Unfortunately, some of the better moments (their cover of The Letter, the repetitive Can't Wait Too Long, and Cool Cool Water) were left out at the last moment, but Aren't You Glad, Darlin, and the title track are solid.  Country Air sounds like the Young Rascals, and Let the Wind Blow is ethereal pop.  Even the ever-annoying Al Jardine chips in with a good song on How She Boogalooed It, but the freeform chorus of Thing or Two, shows you right away why this album fails.  Weak, slapdash, thrown together.  Just not enough care was taken in preparing this album.  With better production and the inclusion of the leftout tracks, this could have been a real winner.  People still would not have bought it in 1967, but it would have been an amazing record.  Buy this and share in the frustration.
B000001G5H|5.0|Mr. Pollini's interpretation of these Etudes is in my opinion the definitive one. It's definetly a no funny stuff interpetation, but it is marked by Russian passion and stunning technical flawnessless. This is further enhanced by Deutsche Grammophon's customary richness and clarity in sound which even for DG is marvelous on this disc. Other performer's renditions of these etudes just aren't as clean or powerful. An incredible achievement for Mr. Pollini and a jewel for all pianists.
B000008DA5|4.0|The Smiley Smile/ Wild Honey 2fer is the best and, perhaps most frustrating of the 2fer Capitol releases.  For one, Smiley Smile is a reminder that Smile did not happen, and for another, Wild Honey is almost like the Beach Boys starting over.  Indeed, Mike Love has been quoted as saying that the group paid its dues AFTER they became famous.  They really paid them when they released these two albums in '67 and watched them get ignored by the same public that had embraced them earlier. Now, no one will ever hear me defend Smiley Smile as a great piece of work. It ain't!  It's interesting, but it's only for completists.  However, Wild Honey could have been a GREAT album.  I would argue that it was a lost opportunity almost as great as Smile. It's my favorite album for several reasons.  For one, the Beach Boys, or rather Brian, are re-inventing themselves.  They could have really gone for broke on this one.  They are still ahead of the pack (the Beatles, Stones, and Dylan would not go back to rock until the following year).  The songs, though underproduced, are great.  Sugary pop, but the songs are there and they stand up well with much of their previous work.  Carl Wilson really shines on I Was Made to Love Her and Wild Honey.  To be sure, that guy could really belt it out!! Unfortunately, some of the better moments (their cover of The Letter, the repetitive Can't Wait Too Long, and Cool Cool Water) were left out at the last moment, but Aren't You Glad, Darlin, and the title track are solid.  Country Air sounds like the Young Rascals, and Let the Wind Blow is ethereal pop.  Even the ever-annoying Al Jardine chips in with a good song on How She Boogalooed It, but the freeform chorus of Thing or Two, shows you right away why this album fails.  Weak, slapdash, thrown together.  Just not enough care was taken in preparing this album.  With better production and the inclusion of the leftout tracks, this could have been a real winner.  People still would not have bought it in 1967, but it would have been an amazing record.  Buy this and share in the frustration.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|WHOA!! This is a great cd.  To tell you the truth, this was my first Iron Maiden cd, and it was this cd that got me into them.  I couldn't believe how great the guitars and singing was.  In fact, I was amazed to hear from my friend that they had better albums.  Well I did go out and buy &quot;The Number of the Beast&quot; shortly after, and then a few weeks later buying &quot;Piece of Mind&quot;.  The bottom line is, if this could get me into old Maiden, then it obviously isn't as bad as the other new stuff.
B000008DA5|4.0|The Smiley Smile/ Wild Honey 2fer is the best and, perhaps most frustrating of the 2fer Capitol releases.  For one, Smiley Smile is a reminder that Smile did not happen, and for another, Wild Honey is almost like the Beach Boys starting over.  Indeed, Mike Love has been quoted as saying that the group paid its dues AFTER they became famous.  They really paid them when they released these two albums in '67 and watched them get ignored by the same public that had embraced them earlier. Now, no one will ever hear me defend Smiley Smile as a great piece of work. It ain't!  It's interesting, but it's only for completists.  However, Wild Honey could have been a GREAT album.  I would argue that it was a lost opportunity almost as great as Smile. It's my favorite album for several reasons.  For one, the Beach Boys, or rather Brian, are re-inventing themselves.  They could have really gone for broke on this one.  They are still ahead of the pack (the Beatles, Stones, and Dylan would not go back to rock until the following year).  The songs, though underproduced, are great.  Sugary pop, but the songs are there and they stand up well with much of their previous work.  Carl Wilson really shines on I Was Made to Love Her and Wild Honey.  To be sure, that guy could really belt it out!! Unfortunately, some of the better moments (their cover of The Letter, the repetitive Can't Wait Too Long, and Cool Cool Water) were left out at the last moment, but Aren't You Glad, Darlin, and the title track are solid.  Country Air sounds like the Young Rascals, and Let the Wind Blow is ethereal pop.  Even the ever-annoying Al Jardine chips in with a good song on How She Boogalooed It, but the freeform chorus of Thing or Two, shows you right away why this album fails.  Weak, slapdash, thrown together.  Just not enough care was taken in preparing this album.  With better production and the inclusion of the leftout tracks, this could have been a real winner.  People still would not have bought it in 1967, but it would have been an amazing record.  Buy this and share in the frustration.
B00004R99L|3.0|I must say that Alice was very polite.  The animation was very clean and consistent, except for one cartoon about some oysters.   However, I found the story hard to watch.  I didn't get a sense that this story had a point.  You know a beginning, a middle and an end that were connected.    I was also disappointed that the sound was MONO.  One of the main reasons people buy a DVD formated title is to get good sound, including left and right channels.  I'm sure Disney will repair that some day if they think there is enough money in it.
B00004XONN|5.0|I just found out i have no left arm.<br />Def Leppard
B000053V7O|5.0|The late saxophonist, Dexter Gordon, was absolutely fabulous in this film about an American jazz musician in Paris as the 1950s come to a close.  He befriends a young Frenchman who tries to help him but ultimately such friends will always be the givers in a relationship with a jazz artist.  There is dialogue in this movie that is always the first thing I remember about it.  Gordon's character wonders why people always expect that by escaping to somewhere else, that they will find a new life.  \\"But you're still yourself when you land there,\\" he adds, \\"You'd have to be a different person inside if you wanted to escape into a new life.\\"<br /><br />These are prophetic words because although race-blind Paris will offer yet another jazz opportunity to this American black musician, he will never escape from himself. He ultimately sees a French psychiatrist when he can't stay away from booze and drugs.  \\"I can't turn off the music in my head,\\" he says, \\"It is always playing.\\"  Perhaps no truer words have ever been spoken by an artist because even those with smaller gifts in the fine arts see images or hear music in their heads.  They might be able to turn it off at times but a huge talent won't be able to do so.  As they say, there is no free lunch. This film also offers a superb soundtrack that I had to buy upon leaving the movie theater.  This is an excellent film where you are justified in owning both the DVD film and the CD soundtrack.<br /><br />Visit my blog with link given on my profile page here or use this phonetically given URL (livingasseniors dot blogspot dot com). Friday's entry will always be weekend entertainment recs from my 5 star Amazon reviews in film, tv, books and music. These are very heavy on buried treasures and hidden gems. My blogspot is published on Monday, Wednesday & Friday.
B00000G3Q4|1.0|i have seen all the evil dead movies, but this has to be the worest horror movie i have ever seen. i mean bruce c. does not even do  any thing plus this is the worest have ever seen. i mean it is  so freakn stupid. start off with
B00000JCOV|1.0|I bought this album after hearing the songs &quot;wait and bleed&quot; and &quot;spit it out&quot;, which are both great songs. I listened to the album twice through and I can honestly say that I didn't find another song that I liked. Apart from the two songs previously mentioned, the whole album was repetative and boring.  There is only one upside to the album, the perfect record for moshing!
B00004Z4WR|5.0|Great story, great cars, great wrecks, great acting, great chases, great music from the cars = great movie.  Watch it with a notebook computer on your lap with the headphones on in the total darkness at 2 a.m.  That's a good time!
6305531374|3.0|I first saw H20 at the drive-in theatre,but snuck in behind a school instead of paying!So I didn't really see it well and gave it a thumbs down. However,when I re-watched it on Showtime,it was alot different. The acting by Arkin and Williams wasn't as poor as I originally thought and Curtis was believable too. Some parts were suspenseful while others were slow-moving. I did not like how they copied the first Halloween with such lines as &quot;I guess everyone's entitled to one good scare.&quot;.<br />But the mother and son parts were dramatic and admirable. The scariest part was when the little girl went to a public restroom with her mother.You knew Michael was around somewhere.. The killer wears the same old jumpsuit and carries the same old kitchen knife.The previous Halloween (The Curse of Michael Myers) is better largely because it's more original. Michael uses a variety of deadly weapons and we also know more about his Pagan roots. H20 dropped all of these concepts and sort of fell back to the simplicity of parts 4 and 5. But H20 has better acting and more likeable chacters than those two. Overall,not a bad installment,but certainely not an upgrade. Let's hope Halloween 8 will be more original.
0788812408|5.0|This movie amazes me every time that I see it. Some of the Disney cartoon movies that are being churned out today are okay but not as good as movies like The Little Mermaid. It is such a beautiful movie and so tastefully done. I truly believe it's a movie for the young and the young at heart. It's all about falling in love and doing anything for the person that you love even risking your own life. The songs really touch my heart, the characters are so funny, sweet and lovable from Flounder the dumb and sweet fish to Sebastian the funny and witty crab to Scuttle the absentminded and crazy seagull.  Ariel the mermaid kind of reminds me of what almost every young teenage girl is like, headstrong and just wanting to go out and follow her own dreams and having to grow up with a loving, but very overprotective and strict father and going against the schemes and plots of the evil Ursula but in the end after overcoming all the obstacles finally being with her true love forever. It is just a beautiful story and ever since I saw it when it first came out in the theatres with my mother it has grown on me and I have loved and cherished this movie ever since. The songs are everything from upbeat to romantic and the actors/actresses picked to do the voices for the characters are so talented and are just made for the parts. I fell in love with this movie and the characters in it in 1989 and am still in love with it today. The Little Mermaid: being transported from real life into the beautiful underworld of the ocean filled with mermaids/mermen, fish, and many more made me want to be &quot;part of that world&quot;
B000002MQ9|5.0|I often split the career of Dead Can Dance into two career halves when reflecting on their extraordinary discography - before and after their mid-career retrospective collection \\"A Passage in Time\\".  Personally, \\"Within The Realm...\\" was always my favorite Dead Can Dance LP, especially among all of the LP's released prior to the aforementioned retrospective.  The orchestrated passages of brass and stringed instruments that they experimented with on \\"Spleen &amp; Ideal\\" came to full fruition here.  Dead Can Dance never made two albums that sounded anything alike, but maybe they were on the same wavelength with \\"Spleen...\\" and \\"Within the Realm...\\".  These two releases complement each other so well that I often listen to them back-to-back as a pair.  If I say nothing else about this LP, it must be known that \\"Xavier\\" is still one of my favorite songs of all time - by any band.  Ever.  It's musical and lyrical build-up to a beautiful climactic crescendo is one of the reasons that I kept buying DCD's stuff long after I moved onto other musical climates.  In my humble opinion, this LP is so close to perfection that it is almost pointless to review, but something must be said of this brilliant masterpiece to those unfortunate enough to not have experienced it.
6304806442|5.0|As an 83 year old train spotter from Glasgow you can imagine my joy when I heard that there was a wee Scottish movie out about the long misunderdstood joys of train spotting.  <br />I went to the cinema in town and was filled with delight as I waited in line with the spiky haired yobbos from town.  I knew that my hobby would one day catch-on.  They all seemed to buy an extraodinary amount of popcorn. Well, I was a little worried when I saw that Renton fellow injecting drugs into his arm - diabetic probably.   Alas, there was only one train in the entire movie and they hardly even glanced at it never mind taking down all it's details. Mind you, the spiky haired chaps seemed to love it.<br />You should also know that &quot;Dazed and Confused&quot; is not about Alzheimer's as my bridge club discovered one cold October morn.
B000009QPG|5.0|After \\"Reign in Blood\\", Slayer was unfairly expected to up the ante on a record that was definitive of an entire decade of extreme metal.  They shocked everybody by doing just the opposite by recording \\"South Of Heaven\\", which is a darn fine record in its own right (I loved it just the same!), but I guess many fans turned away because it wasn't what they had anticipated.  I think many of those disenfranchised fans came back with \\"Seasons In The Abyss\\".  I suppose you could say it was a return to form, but it was never planned to be a return to \\"R.I.B.\\".  With this release, Slayer actually tapped into the brutality of \\"R.I.B.\\" without making the same record over again.  \\"Dead Skin Mask\\",  and the title track are just as sinister as 1986's \\"Angel Of Death\\", \\"Criminally Insane\\" and \\"Necrophobic\\" but without the speed to make it disappear so quickly.      Brutal, raw, uncompromising, unrelenting, and unnerving, this was not Slayer regressing back to 1986, but eyeing it, nodding to it, and deforming it with texture and another type of pulsating energy altogether.  Now that I think about it, that's probably one of the beautiful things about Slayer... you know a Slayer release when you hear it, but it's a whole different type of abysmal decadence each time.
B0000558LN|5.0|Coyote Ugly was one of the best movies of the year!!! It has everything a good movie should! Like bar fights and a love story and of course the main charactor has to overcome some sort of fear! With the help of friends and family! Those are basicly the what we women want in movies but if your a guy i'm pretty sure you'll enjoy all the girls dancing on the bar!
B000055WIQ|5.0|While the Exorcist probably won't scare your average 12-year old, I'll never forget seeing it in the theatre back in '73.  After cutting away from every scene in that horrible bedroom, dead silence in the theatre was broken by nervous laughter. Of course, back then we were still fairly innocent.  Psycho was still considered scary, movies actually had dialog and sometimes thought even went into the plot.  I normally don't write reviews, but I feel a need to respond to the kiddies because I'm getting fairly tired of reading about 12-year old, kool dudes who weren't scared.  Big deal.  Go play in your mind palaces.  Exorcist is a rare classic.  A movie that's almost as good as the book.  On the other hand, that new ending really wasn't necessary even though it's from the book.  I think Blatty saw Casablanca(sp?) one too many times.
B0000033TE|5.0|I remember seeing Emerson, Lake and Palmer in concert way back in the dark ages (1970's).  It was GREAT then and it is just as wonderful hearing them in the new millennium.  This music appeals to a special type of listener.  I am one of those special listeners.
006092988X|5.0|The story is naive, so naive that you long for it. It has no complex plot at all, its just as life actually is. And the characters are those that we are familiar with through our lives. In short it's a good and simple read. But then, you fall in love with it! Yu admire every little thing these beautiful people do to build up a life and a future. Francis is every child on earth, her mother is what is hidden in every women, the poor father is one of the most loveable characters in the history of fiction... read, laugh, cry, feel that you live. I dont know why but A Tree Grows in Brooklyn has been one of the novels that changed my life. Even though the life told was no different from mine. :)
B000002OVJ|5.0|As a 40+ year old Who fan, this is my favorite Who recording.  Townsend's guitar and Moon's drums are savage, tight, and equal or surpass Hendrix and Ginger Baker and eclipse any of Clapton's recordings.<br />The original release was the best live album recorded.  The additions are interesting but dilute the recording.<br />The essential Who collection is Live at Leeds, Tommy, Who's Next.
0446310786|5.0|Harper Lee has written something pure magical. Yet every sentence is so natural and naive. When reading To Kill a Mockingbird I just asked myself, &quot;How can someone, having written no other story or novel in her entire life, write something this catching and beautiful?&quot; This is one of the novels I cant put into words what I think of. It's just unbelievable. Father Atticus is a father that you wouldn't believe coulde exist, even in fiction. I dont think anyone can critize this novel, and still those who does, I dont know what crazy motive they have for it. It's simply something that you read and what you've read never escapes you again. And still you read it over and over again, thoroughout your life!
0671034065|5.0|I think every women in america needs a Sam.  Jaine and Sam together are just instant chemistry.  I love a hero that say exactly whats on his mind and all of Ms. Howards have that quality.<br />Ms. Howard you have done it again.  Please write another story involving Jaine and Sam.  I continue to read it over, its just that good.<br />Thank you.
0792153189|4.0|This movie shows human's real heart in a real panic. I think this movie is high quality and everyone can enjoy. I would like to recommend this to you from my heart! Thank you.
B00000IO4J|5.0|&quot;The Faculty&quot; was an unexpectedly great flick! This film has it all, and holds your interest completely. The cast is truly excellent especially Elijah Wood (The Ice Storm), the enigmatic Clea DuVall (The Astronaut's Wife, But I'm a Cheerleader), aand the always attractive Josh Hartnett (H20, Hollow Man). This film pays homage to Invasion of the Body Snatchers, and the lesser known but excellent Puppet Masters (the movie is great, rent it asap). The effects are great, but never come in danger of taking over the charecterizations. There is a bit of romance, and themes of alienation, popularity, and conformity. It is really an excellent film, not to be missed by horror fans.
6305169187|3.0|This film has many good cast and sound. But this storyline is poor , makes me angry.  I think this film makes audience a figure of fun. That's all.
B000000OTU|5.0|Aerosmith's Big Ones like &quot;The Immaculate Collection&quot;(Madonna) is one of those hits albums that is a must have, every 80's and early 90's songs is on here, from &quot;Angel&quot; and &quot;Rag Doll&quot; to &quot;What It Takes&quot;(this is my favorite) to &quot;The Other Side&quot;(another favorite) from &quot;Permenant Vacation&quot; and &quot;Pump&quot;, then &quot;Cryin'&quot; and &quot;Amazing&quot;(both of these songs are gems) on &quot;Get A Grip&quot;(a very good Aerosmith album), the songs good from 1986-1994 straight though and that is how a hits album should be with new or unreleased songs mixed in. &quot;Walk On Water&quot; new on this CD, is a good song very ignored at radio, the two songs that this CD could do without is &quot;Deuces Are Wild&quot; and &quot;Blind Man&quot;(probably my least favorite of Aerosmith), it just goes to show you that as long as you bring out great music like Aerosmith, Madonna, and Bon Jovi, you can go on creating more and more hits after you have releases execellent hits' albums.
B00001QEE5|4.0|Peter Pan is a terrific film full of swahbuckling adventure, great music and heart.  The DVD on the other hand is an empty experience.  The only extra feature is a French language trak.  Not too much fun if you don't know French.  Thankfully I already own this film on a laser disc which has two documentaries, concept art, character design concepts, storyboard art, and some of the live-action refrence footage used by the animators.  These are the kinds of things I want to see on a DVD release.  I mean the disc can hold 4 hours on one side alone, so space isn't a problem.  Come on Disney, get it right.<br />If you don't already have a decent version of Peter Pan (or by some cosmic twist of fate, have never even seen it) then by all means buy this DVD.  But if you're looking for more than the film itself you'll just have to wait for the special edition of Peter Pan (whenever and IF it ever comes out).
B000002C2E|5.0|Listen to it a couple times, late at night and with the lights off. Like Blood on the Tracks, it doesn't really hit you how good this album is for awhile. Once it does, though, you'll swear by it. The even numbered songs tend to be cackling 200-proof electric blues, growled by Dylan. The odd numbered songs, though, are the heart of the album. Standing In The Doorway is good, and Not Dark Yet is sort of foreboding in a resigned, contented sense. Make You Feel My Love is a gem of a song; it is almost an exact tonic replica of Simple Twist Of Fate from Blood On The Tracks, but with the band behind him and even more heratfelt vocals. The masterpiece, though, is Tryin' To Get To Heaven. It's up there with the handful of Dylan songs (Blowing In The Wind, Mr. Tambourine Man, Like A Rolling Stone, Tangled Up In Blue, Senor, Every Grain Of Sand) that you could swear were sent from above. A veiled history of American folklore, intertwined with Dylan's own traveling minstrel story, it gets right at your heart.
B000002G9S|5.0|FREE WAS A SUPERGROUP THAT CONSISTED OF PAUL KOSSOFF(GUITAR),ANDY FRASIER(BASS AND FORMERLY IN JOHN MAYALL'S BLUESBREAKERS),SIMON KIRKE(DRUMS),AND PAUL RODGERS(VOCALS). EVERY MEMBER OF THE BAND WAS A VIRTUOSO AND THEY USED THEIR SKILLS TO MAKE ONE OF THE MOST INTENSE BLUES ROCK ALBUMS EVER. FREE'S SONGCRAFT WAS NOT COMPLEX IN STRUCTURE BUT THEY KNEW HOW TO TAKE A SIMPLISTIC ARRANGEMENT AND MAKE IT STRIKE THE DEEPEST CHORDS OF THE LISTENER. &quot;MR.BIG&quot; IS AN UNDERSTATED STRUT MELTING WITH A FIERY FEROCITY AND FEATURES PAUL RODGERS RAGING POWERHOUSE VOCALS AND A FEAST OF BASS FRETWORK FROM ANDY FRASIER. &quot;ALL RIGHT NOW&quot; STOMPS WITH A WILD CONFIDENCE AND CONTAINS A SHOWCASE OF THE STINGING VIBRATO GUITAR WORK OF PAUL KOSSOFF WHO WAS ONE OF ERIC CLAPTON'S FAVORITE GUITARISTS AT THE TIME. &quot;DON'T SAY YOU LOVE ME&quot; IS A TENSION FILLED SOUL BALLAD THAT REACHES ITS BOILING POINT AT THE END WHEN PAUL RODGERS SCREAMS OUT THE PAINFULL REALITY OF HIS WOMAN &quot;DON'T SAY YOU LOVE ME...BECAUSE I KNOW IT WOULD BE JUST A LIE... BECAUSE I KNOW!&quot; &quot;HEAVY LOAD&quot; CONTAINS A MELODIC ARRANGEMENT THAT FITS THE TALE OF MANS BURDEN PERFECTLY. THE SONG IS A SURGE OF NERVE TWITCHING ANXIETY LIKE THE SLUGGISH TICK TOCK OF A CLOCK ON THE WALL. THIS ALBUM ALSO CONTAINS THE BLUES GOSPEL CRUNCH OF THE TITLE TRACK AND THE SERENE LOW KEY CHARM OF &quot;OH I WEPT&quot;. A MASTERPIECE. CIAO.    O.F.
B00000JZI9|5.0|I really enjoyed this movie witch i own on DVD. It is a great western with pretty scenery and wonderful costumes. I think this should have won ACADEMY AWARDS. It was nominated for 2 but never won. Asham it is sutch a great film!
B000002LND|5.0|If there is or was a better greatest hits package than the &quot;Immaculate Collection&quot;, I would like to know what? This Hits package by Madonna is how you put a hits album together. Yes, their are a few songs missing like &quot;True Blue&quot;(which should be on it) and &quot;Dress You Up&quot;, but for those songs that did not make it there is certainly more than enough terrific songs that you tend to forget that those songs were left off. With songs like &quot;Vogue&quot;, &quot;Like A Prayer&quot; and &quot;Papa Don't Preach&quot; to name a few, it shows just how hard when making this album what songs to put on the album and what to leave off, and I tend to disagree with some of the reviews I read about this album concerning the 2 new songs and while &quot;Justify My Love&quot;, is not one of my favorites &quot;Rescue Me&quot;, the album last track is very good, it sounds very dark and powerful the way Madonna usese her voice on that song. Just to leave on a note, if anyone missing the songs &quot;True Blue&quot;, &quot;Who's That Girl&quot; and &quot;Causing A Commotion&quot;, their is a semi-companion CD, that is like an annex to the &quot;Immaculate Collection&quot;, it is called &quot;The Holiday Collection&quot;, which contains &quot;True Blue&quot;, &quot;Who's That Girl&quot; and &quot;Causing A Commotion&quot;, and also contains another version of &quot;Holiday&quot; that is were the CD gets its name from, I bought that CD to kind of go along with &quot;The Immaculate Collection&quot; as kind of a continuaiton of her early 80's hits to early 90's hits. By the way do you think she will bring out another hits CD? I think it's possible and that one should be just as great.
B00001QEE9|5.0|This film is simply magnificent!  The definitive animated film.  DVD  (and laserdisc before it) is the only way to truly see all the detail put into this film (check out the wavery effect above the fire in  Geppetto's fireplace).  The story has a perfect blend of charm/cuteness and action/scariness wich takes you through some very dark places to arrive at the happy ending.  The result is not only an ending that feels well deserved, but one that trancends time to become like a classic tale of old.  It might scare the younger ones, but they'll love it anyway.  Just like they love tales of the Brothers Grimm.<br />The only problem is that the transfer for this DVD isn't that great.  Although the image quality is better than VHS, I own a laserdisc version of Pinocchio that displays a picture with much less grain that this DVD.  Still, I wouldn't pass up on owning this treasure because who knows how long it will be before Disney releases the definitive version on DVD.  And besides, why deprive yourself of all the fun and excitement of Pinocchio?  Buy it.
B000002UUX|5.0|Megadeth and Mustaine at the pinnacle of their artistry. As good as thrash metal can get. Every song is great - not a single filler.
B000002MNR|5.0|I agree with the previous reviewer that Mark Knopfler is one of the best guitarists in the world. Here is yet another of his masterpieces.<br />Check out &quot;Victims&quot; and all the songs in  &quot;The Princess Bride&quot; , &quot;Last Exit to Brookyln&quot; etc (some of my favorite films just for Knopfler's music!).<br />A must for any serious Knopfler fan.
B00004X0ER|5.0|This record is among my favorite punk records EVER. The Hives skillfully mix 60's garage approach to music and 80/90's catchy melodies - with the irony that belongs to the greatest punk personalities (sid vicious, stooges etc). Just listen to &quot;Hate to say I told you so&quot; or to &quot;Find yourself another girl&quot;, and you'll get what I mean.  It's a fun and original record: these guys really know what they're doing.  So if you really like punk rock (if you think that there's more beyond Blink 182, Green Day and the likes) - give a go to this record, it will surprise you! I never ever heard a better punk'n'roll album!  (And, as a side note, they're also great live!)
B00005214X|5.0|I remember the first time I came into contact with this album.  A friend of mine in high school had purchased it on LP (I'm dating myself here), and all I could imagine was three records worth of sitar music, ala Within You/Without You.  My friend assured me it was not so.<br />I finally bought a copy when it first came out on CD, probably around `93 or '94, and realized that ATMP ranked up there in quality with any of the Beatles' records, and is probably the greatest solo album by any of the Beatles (yes, even better than Imagine or Band On the Run).  George Harrison poured all of his creative frustration into an unprecedented six album sides that holds up as more coherent (and less schizophrenic) than the White Album.<br />All Things Must Pass has a beautiful acoustic quality to most of the songs, with a gentle lyric that proves Harrison to be the most introspective of the Fab Four.  Yes, there are a lot of songs about God here, but the same can be said for any U2 album.<br />A great deal of griping has been devoted by other reviewers to the new packaging and artwork.  Does the colorization of the front cover really detract from the quality of the music inside?  I don't think so.  It's actually kind of nice to get a CD with some creative packaging, and I have never damaged a disc that came in a cardboard sleeve.  People still have this tendency to think that CDs are indestructible.  They need to take better care so that they don't get damaged.<br />The bonus tracks neither add nor detract from the new format.  The original acoustic demos are nice, and did not need extra treatment.  The new version of My Sweet Lord could have been left off.<br />Thirty years later, All Things Must Pass holds up as a brilliant album.  It's a shame that Harrison was unable to produce another brilliant album since.
B000002NJS|5.0|Well like I have said before about Madonna albums, when I review them they get no less than 5 stars and &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; is definitely no different. This prodecessor to the also excellent &quot;Music&quot;, does not disappoint, from the first release &quot;Frozen&quot;, we journey into Madonna's journey on this album. The title song and fast-paced &quot;Ray Of Light&quot; shows that Madonna can still dance and sing with the best of them. Then we givin' another A+ ballad from Ms. M &quot;The Power Of Good-Bye&quot; just takes you breath away with the glorious and haunting lyrics. And then the last single(in the U.S.) &quot;Nothing Really Matters&quot; which was sorely underappreciated shows Madonna in dance mode again. There are also great non-released material such as &quot;Sky Fits Heaven&quot; and &quot;Subsitute for Love&quot;(released only in the U.K.). Once again on this album Madonna shows that she is in no way giving up.
B000002JNN|5.0|This is AC/DC's best album since Back in Black. This album shows that through a decade of decreasing album sales and some misfortune that they are able to do it all over again.  The tracks on this album such as Thunderstruck and The Razor's Edge show a new edge to AC/DC's style. This album is a must buy for a first time or long term AC/DC fan.
B00003CXP1|5.0|This film was so well done....my only problem with it was the music, which I found a little trite and cliche'd. Kronos was picked for some marketing thing I suppose..they could do much better work, and this film deserves a better score. Other than that....great...see the other reviews.
0195073401|5.0|I had heard a lot about this book before I began to read it for the first time as a requirement for my PhD sequence. My own opinion is that this has to be easily the most comprehensive and informative book in its class. I do not think one needs an extremely sound math background to be able to understand this book- undergraduate math to the extent of vector calculus and simple set theory is more than adequate. All other mathematical concepts are explained clearly and concisely in the appendices, far better than by any classroom instructor.<br />It is possible to master this book without ever having done economics at the intermediate level (as in my case). At times the notation seems a little heavy but it just takes a little getting used to- as is natural considering that this book is streets ahead of Varian's poor offering. It also requires time and dedication, and I suspect that people who find the book unsatisfactory did not posess the diligence or patience to read certain sections more than once. Part 1 is absolutely superb- demand theory, choice, production. Game Theory is covered far more extensively than I have seen anywhere else. Some parts of General Equilibrium Theory may seem a little abstruse, but nothing that a smart Graduate student cannot figure out. I strongly recommend that you buy this book, and read it thoroughly- it will be of immense benefit.
B00004RF8J|4.0|This was a great movie the first time i saw it, and now with the out takes, and the making of section, it's even better!  I laughed hysterically at The pranks crew members played each other.  I laughed even harder at the lost ending bloopers.  Only downside to it, is that it doesn't include the entire lost ending.  Oh well... shoulda bought it sooner.
B00004STPT|5.0|I discovered the music before seeing the movie.  (I didn't think I would like gorey battle scenes.)   I love classical music heavy on trumpets, and percussion such as Holst, The Planets.  This gives plenty of vaROOMph. If you need to motivate yourself to finish a project or prepare for a difficult sales call or motivate youself - get this out and play it very loudly.  You'll do what you need to do!<br />Then it also gets your soft side too. Lisa Gerrard's singing goes right into your heart and plays all your emotions. I did finally watch the DVD of the movie and I have to say - yes, it was bloody - but the music just made it for me.  Hans Zimmer did amazing work.
6303402348|5.0|As with many of my other favourite films (Truman Show, Trainspotting etc) this one is great due to the meaning and depth involved. At the start Forrest is a boy who is 'simple' yet by the end of the film he has led an extraordinary life, including inspiring Elvis' dances, seeing the first wave of coloured student at his college, won the College Bowl single-handedly, fought in Vietman, ran a shrimping company in honour of his best friend, and produced a bright and happy son. Throughout these events, most of which go over his head, we see the way different people interact in America, and how if you stay true to your beliefs and your dreams, but don't let adversity take you down, you can achieve anything. It is certainly funny in places as well, especially little comments in the narrative like Forrest's childlike innocent reference to Jenny being abused, completely not understanding it. The way he chases after Jenny like a lovesick schoolboy is touching. This is a legendary piece of cinema.
630575067X|1.0|King Ewok George Lucas, with his gazillion-dollar, umpteen-years- in-the-making digital wizardry, paints three-dimensional city- scapes, marches thousands of battle droids, and even utilizes a  fully formed supporting character - the walking headache know as Jar Jar Binks. When Jar Jar opened his mouth to speak, my first thought was:  &quot;You're kidding.  For the whole movie?!&quot; If the first Star Wars was a box of Cracker Jacks that was all prizes, The Phantom Menace is a box of Cracker Jacks that's all diagrams of prizes. It's there on paper, but it's waiting to be filled in and jazzed up.         Unlike the first, er, fourth film, the acting contains nary a trace of camp.  Regrettably, it ain't got much zest, either.  Liam Neeson et al are as flat and self-serious an ensemble as the series has yet to see.  (I guess computer-enhanced human emotions are still on the drawing board...)  Combined with the crappy (or at least half-baked) dialogue, virtually no chemistry among the cast, and a seemingly endless string of BORING expository scenes (the floating platforms in the Galactic Senate do little to distract you from parliamentary machinations that play like an especially dull day on Star Trek: Deep Space Nine) the whole thing feels closer to two hours of Sunday school than a rousing sci-fi adventure -- UGH!! <br />And what's up with the Tex Avery droids?  There's so much animated madcap hilarity I expected to see coyotes dropping anvils on road runners.  C3-Tom and R2-Jerry-2, where are you?  What's up with the fresh-faced but acting-free kids? In this galaxy, the cartoons are better actors than the juveniles. Young Darth Vader is the leader of the Huggies Alliance. His job: Escape slavery, save the Universe, and - most importantly - learn to wear big boy underpants.  Not necessarily in that order. Look, I wanted to love The Phantom Menace, too. I was once an adolescent boy and would enjoy being one again for a couple of hours. But the movie has a way of deflating all but the most delusional of hopes....
0195117298|4.0|The fact that time is a subjective phenomenon, and is not found objectivey in the universe, is a momentous discovery. This book is the first to set out the arguments in a top-down manner. Unfortunately, it is not easy reading. Huw Price's 'Time's Arrow and Achimedes's Point' is a good starter, but it starts from the bottom up, disproving each classical argument for the existence of time like one disproves the flippant teleological, ontological etc. arguments for the existence of god. Read that first, and the necessary seeds of doubt will be sown. Then read Barbour, and you will understand how, in the bigger picture, it is quite impossible for there to be an objective arrow of time. Vic Stenger's new book is also worth reading, though marred by his insitence that there is an objective physical reality with real, hard, bouncy particles (see Timeless Reality : Symmetry, Simplicity, and Multiple Universes).
0792101448|5.0|I first caught this film on AMC, and I was just blown away by the cinematography, acting, theme and plot. Ever since then, I've been eagerly awaiting the release of this film on DVD. It's interesting to see how the careers of Clint Eastwood and Charles Bronson have turned out over the past few decades. I love the landscapes of both their faces, and how both deal out their violent justice. But where Eastwood has won an Academy Award and been celebrated by the AFI, Bronson has degenerated into making violent trash.<br />The Man without a Name trilogy was filmed in Europe, but Once Upon a Time in the West made full use of the landscape of the American west. The Morricone music is perfectly matched to the visuals. The final gunfight between Charles Bronson and Henry Fonda blows your mind with the revelation of why Bronson is after Fonda. Henry Fonda is cast against type as a villain, and his tired evil demeanor reminds me of the casting of Tom Berenger in Platoon. Oh yeah, Claudia Cardinale is one major hottie.
6303402348|5.0|As with many of my other favourite films (Truman Show, Trainspotting etc) this one is great due to the meaning and depth involved. At the start Forrest is a boy who is 'simple' yet by the end of the film he has led an extraordinary life, including inspiring Elvis' dances, seeing the first wave of coloured student at his college, won the College Bowl single-handedly, fought in Vietman, ran a shrimping company in honour of his best friend, and produced a bright and happy son. Throughout these events, most of which go over his head, we see the way different people interact in America, and how if you stay true to your beliefs and your dreams, but don't let adversity take you down, you can achieve anything. It is certainly funny in places as well, especially little comments in the narrative like Forrest's childlike innocent reference to Jenny being abused, completely not understanding it. The way he chases after Jenny like a lovesick schoolboy is touching. This is a legendary piece of cinema.
B00003CXPD|5.0|What can you say about Billy Elliot other than it deserves to win every award going.  The main part played be an unkown Jamie Bell has helped this film as he has put his heart in to it and made Billy have a special place in all of our hearts.  The story of how a boy who lives in a poor area in the middle of a coal mining strike is pushed into doing boxing when he really wants to dance is a bit different to the action films  that are always being churned out.  The storyline is sensitive to loads of different areas that will make this appeal to everyone.  Julie Walters has to be commended for her part as the ballet teacher, i feel that she was the best person for the part.  (chain smoker and full of sarcasim)  The sound track that was selected for the film is the best that i have ever seen for any film.  Stephen Gately provided the song I Believe which is fantastic which is followed up by The Jam And if that wasn't good enough that is backed up by T-Rex.  Overall Billy Elliot is the film that has captivated everyone and this is a film that everyone should own as it will be one that can be watched repeatedly without you getting bored.  (i went to the cinema 7 times)
B00003CX5A|5.0|So many times, watching horror movies, I have thought to myself: They don't make them like they used to. I stand corrected! This is a film the like of which hasn't been seen in about 40 years. Waves of fog under a pale moon, the headless horseman, his innocent victims, none of which appear corny. And hearing this story as a child, I think anyone imagined the evil horseman emerging from the tree just the way it looks in this movie. A great hommage to the old Hammer Horror, a modern Classic in an old tradition.
B00004XOWN|1.0|This is an apalling piece of garbage that disgraces the stores of far too many music stores. It is a shame that the great talent of the rest of the band is overshadowed by the idiocy of one Fred Durst. His lyrics could have been written by any two year old whose vocabulary happend to be comprised of obscenities as opposed to &quot;ball&quot; and &quot;swing&quot;. A true disgrace to &quot;his&quot; generation.
B00004T8RK|1.0|i bought this album because i am a big pearl jam fan. when i first listened to it i was suprised how boring it was. i figured i just needed to let it grow on me so i listened to it again a couple of days later. unfortunatley i found that it was still monotonous and the songs tend to run together because they sound so similar. i still think pearl jam is a great band with a lot of talent, but this album doesn't have the energy or creativeness that makes them that way. if you have every other pearl jam album, buy this one to complete your set. if you don't, pick one ot the others.
B000002HRE|1.0|In my opinion, its not about how heavy you are, or how fast and in perfect timing you keep with your bandmates, its about the reason you are doing it all for.  Why your putting the thing together in the first place.  I purchased this album with the intention of giving Metallica another chance after skipping several of their current releases.  That said, it is obvious what this album is about.  Commercial success (excuse me while I gag).  What was Metallica initially about?  Why were they so great throughout the 80s?  Because it was being done for the kids.  Money changes people, even the best people.  Nothing rings truer with this band.  And that said, I pose this question to you Jaymz, what about the kidz?  Money and fame are a shallow substitute for perhaps the most important reason of all for playing in the first place:  being a kid and sharing your greatness with other kidz.  Just my opinion.
0805066691|5.0|This was without question one of the best books ever written about the plight of the American Indian in the United States.This book tells of the harsh treatment that was given to the original settlers of the Unites States of America.The book also details how the Indian was robbed of their homeland by treaties drawn up by the American government. This is an outstanding chronicle of the tribes of Indians that made up the Indian nation in America and their unfair and harsh treatment. Every history should read this book to get an accurate story of this period of American history.That was how I first read this book was as a college assignment. This is a must read book.
0671578855|5.0|This is only the second book I've read in the Vorkosigan series, but I am dying to see if all of Ms. Bujold's other Vorkosigan books are of the same caliber.  There is humor, excitement, romance, and science fiction all rapped up in the same fantastic package.  The character development is superb, and the plot twists are surprising yet believable.  I highly recommend this book to anyone looking for an easy read jam-packed with action and excitement. . .
B000002VMH|5.0|I just bought this cd today and already have listened to it three times. I've been a huge fan of Annie Lennox since her days in the Eurythmics. Her voice is rather unique I think. I absolutely adore the first song off this cd &quot;Why&quot;. The melancholy of the song literally moves me almost to tears. &quot;The Gift&quot; and &quot;Stay by Me&quot; are other favorite tracks of mine on the cd. As a solo artist, I prefer Annie singing ballads but when she was with the Eurythmics I loved it when she rocked out. Either way I love this woman's voice and her music.
B00000K19E|5.0|I agree with all the other reviewers who applaude this movie for its many unforgettable qualities. Yes, it is a sheer pleasure to watch. Yes, it brought to the screen moments never before seen.  But............the commentary by the visual effects supervisor in particular was outrageously, beyond comprehension boring! Who's idea was it to let this guy leave his VE fortress and venture into the world of DVD commentary? Distastrous move. It destroyed what could have been, rather what SHOULD have been an extraodinary commentary on an extraordinary movie. Clearly, holding an audience's attention is NOT this guy's forte. Where were the Wachowski Brothers?? They were the ones I really wanted to hear from!
6304711905|5.0|Ok, I'm with all the others who have gone bonkers over Tombstone, watched it no less than 50 times and still not tired of it. Can't think of any movie that had more memorable lines in it since the Godfather. Don't want to be repetitive, but would like to give some praise to some of the other cast perhaps overlooked in other reviews (though I didn't read every review)<br />Powers Booth (&quot;the founder of the feast&quot;): Tremendous job kicking off this movie in the opening scene.  &quot;The next time I come.. You better step aside.. I ain't kiddin neither.&quot; Hi-larious. <br />Stephen Lang (Ike &quot;you're not as stupid as you look&quot; Clanton): Great performance throughout. Could not believe the transformation in appearance from the way he looks off stage. Amazing. &quot;yeah, law dog.. law don' go roun' here, savvy?&quot;<br />Billy Bob Thornton (Johnny Tyler.. madcap) has a brief but hysterically funny part in an early scene. &quot;Sumthin on your mind?&quot;<br />Don't forget Harry Carey Jr as Sherrif Fred and Pedro Armanderez(sp?) as the priest who gets a bullet from Johnny Ringo in the first scene. A real nice touch bringing in these old salty dogs from the glory days of westerns.<br />This film is full of familiar faces, down to the smallest of bit roles.<br />If you want to sit back and be entertained, buy Tombstone. If you're having trouble getting to sleep, try Costner's Earp.
B00000JNJ1|4.0|This collection is the best Faces compilation currently available. When I purchased this I played it for weeks.  Ronnie Wood plays like there is no tomorrow. Why can't he play like this with the Rolling Stones? Other band members included Rod Stewart, Ronnie Lane (Small Faces), Kenny Jones (The Who) and Ian McLagen (The Rolling Stones). Many people are only familiar with the band because the song &quot;Stay With Me&quot; was a hit.  The music is boozy, party type rock and roll.  This band was a big influence on the Black Crowes and Izzy Stradlin (Guns &amp; Roses) for you younger folks. The sound remastering is superb as is usually the case with Rhino.  My favorites include &quot;Too Bad&quot;, Three Button Hand Me Down&quot;, &quot;Had Me A Real Good Time&quot; and &quot;Ooh La La&quot;.  The cd made me wish Rhino had made this into a 2 cd set.  They left off a few of my favorites &quot;Around The Plynth&quot;, &quot;Silicone Grown&quot;, and raucous covers of Chuck Berry's &quot;Memphis&quot; and Paul McCartney's &quot;Maybe I'm Amazed&quot;.  In addition the Faces released many non-lp B-sides which to my knowledge have not appeared on cd yet.  My suggestions could have filled out a second disk.  However, since this is the best compilation available I urge fans of the Stones, The Black Crowes &amp; Izzy Stradlin to give this a listen.  You won't be disappointed.
B00004WEJZ|1.0|Why can't let Sean Connery let the past be the past?  &quot;Never Say Never Again&quot; is a laughable (for those who aren't too busy being ashamed) attempt at James Bond that proves to be the worst film to carry the 007 seal (although this isn't official).  &quot;Thunderball&quot; far outshines this ridiculous romp that attempts to capitalize on past success with no substance.  The film is silly at best and sacreligious at worst (their version of Desmond Llewelyn's immortal Q makes me want to cry or vomit, or both).  The lesser of the real Bond films stand well above this remake.  I know I'll never say &quot;Never Say Never Again&quot;...again.
6305358567|5.0|A beautiful, well crafted cinematic work. At its heart, of course, is the talented array of actors who portray the most important roles. Of course, Cate Blanchett is startling and forceful in her portrayal as Elizabeth... expertly reflecting the naivete and loss thereof as Elizabeth matures and undergoes the changes that will facilitate her becoming the Queen of England. Shaping these changes, of course, are the times, but also the characters who populate her life. First of all, Joseph Fiennes character, Sir Robert, appears to be Elizabeth's one and only love, and when she feels that love is betrayed, she takes it to heart and declares that England will be her only husband. This is a turning point, according to the movie, in her life, in which she sees the power and need of deceit, cunning, and also of warfare. Geoffrey Rush is his reliably talented self as Elizabeth's most adept and trusted advisor. (Strangely, of course, Fiennes and Rush both figure prominently in the film Shakespeare in Love, which was released at approximately the same time as Elizabeth. Joseph Fiennes's character may as well be the same, apart from the fact that in one film he is Shakespeare and in another he is Elizabeth's lover. In both pictures he is a man who falls in love with and seduces a woman he should not while married to someone else). Elizabeth is a beautifully made film which will illustrate a turning point in English history. Cate Blanchett illuminates the way.
B000058T5E|4.0|Our enigmatic guitar hero returns with this cd.  One of the original instrumental guitar heroes long before the days of Joe Satriani or Steve Vai has produced another interesting batch of songs. For those wishing for a return back to jazz fusion days of &quot;Blow By Blow&quot;, &quot;Wired&quot; or his guest appearances on the Stanley Clarke albums this is not the case. This cd has more in common with his last cd &quot;Who Else&quot;.  The music seems like a mixture of industrial white noise with heavy metal.  Other songs remind me of trippy space music. Jeff's playing on this also sounds less like Roy Buchanan this time around and more like the sound textures of Sonny Sharrock. My favorites are &quot;Roy's Toy&quot;, &quot;Dirty Mind&quot; and &quot;Rosebud&quot;. One of the drawbacks is the skimpy playing time of the cd (approximately 36 minutes).  Another problem is that some of the songs are short and rather undeveloped. As soon as a riff or groove starts to pick up a head of steam, the song ends. A few songs sound as if Jeff was just practising or messing around and someone decided to tape him. He needs to remember that technique isn't everything.  Technique and speed don't mean a thing if there is no feeling in the playing or the songs are no good. This being the case he can still play circles around the rock guitarists alive today and his work merits hearing.
B00003CX5P|5.0|Great movie. If old George Lucas had any brains left in his head he would release a DvD version of it. I'd Buy it along with millions of other Star Wars fans.
6303913881|1.0|If it were possible to award zero stars to a film, this would be such a film. This film could have been better, but it was impossibly flawed. A terrible script which always took the wrong turn when it could have been helped by taking a right turn was fundamentally to blame, but it would help to have actors who can act. Gina Gershon is the only talent in the film who could act. Elizabeth Berkley is the least talented person I have seen in a long time. The script and film and every overdone, over-the-top thing about it reeked of doing something only for shock value. If someone had tried to supplement the film with better acting talent or with a real plot, it might have been passable. I actually very much dislike Gina Gershon, but I have to say that she was the best thing about this picture. There were so, so many (countless) opportunities to lift this script from the depths of hopelessly stupid and inane, but all those opportunities were squandered on useless and pathetic attempts to incite reactions based on superficial or exterior items like nudity or a sex scene or two women kissing. There are more creative and inspired ways to garner a reaction from people.
B000002U9L|5.0|Well, I know Bowie isn't that sexy, but in Labyrinth, he is mysteriously steamy. The songs are awsome and get stuck in your head. Bowie was a genious in this movie, and I love it!
6304286961|2.0|I went to see this film the night it was released in Seattle. Not because it interested me so much but more because I had a friend who really wanted to see it when it came out and couldn't. He liked to see films immediately upon their release. I liked to do things that irked him, so I made sure to see the film before he did. This was a surprising film, really. When I heard that Val Kilmer had been cast as Jim Morrison, I, like many, was skeptical that he would be able to pull it off. The Val Kilmer we had to that point come to recognise looked nothing like Morrison in addition to which, Kilmer's roles had never really stretched his \\"acting muscles\\", so most were convinced that he would fail. However, Kilmer respectably fooled everyone with his convincing portrayal of Morrison. His performance was enjoyable. Meg Ryan was surprising also because her role was a bit of a departure. Still didn't like her, though. Kathleen Quinlan's blood drinking gothic diversion for Morrison was an interesting character. The story was not thrilling, as we all know the story, and in fact, many parts of the film were simply laughable. I noticed at the end when Morrison decides to move to Paris and is saying goodbye to his friends (other Doors members), he and the friends hug and not only do they perform that special \\"man hug\\" (which is a hug always accompanied by several hard slaps on the back... very manly) but also accompanied with tender sentiments like, \\"I'm gonna miss you\\" followed by the tempering insult, \\"you a**hole\\". No niceties for the sake of niceties. We all know Jim's fate... you can visit him in the Pre Lachaise cemetery in Paris.
076780046X|5.0|Only You is a light romantic comedy movie with an intruiging storyline.  It is about a girl who is convinced her soulmate is a man named Damen Bradley.  She meets Damen Bradley, the shoesales person (RDJ) when she goes searching for him.  But the turning point of the story is when Damen turns out to be not who she thinks he is.  Need I say Robert Downey Jr is the best actor ever (talented and good-looking), and he delivers yet again a brilliant performance in this movie.  Though this story has a rather predictable ending (like most love movies) I have to say if you're a Robert fan (like me) and even if you're not, this is the movie to watch- entertaining and one of his best films
0783235968|4.0|Okay, this is a feel good movie. You cry at the end because you are happy for Costner's character for having this supernatural chance to meet again with his father and \\"have a catch\\". They, beyond the grave, reconcile differences they had in life. The plot is fantasy at its best, very far-fetched, but with an excellent cast, which makes the story engaging and heartfelt. It is one of the few movies in which I have enjoyed Costner's performance and found him warm and likeable. Although at first his pairing with Amy Madigan as his wife seemed a bit strange, I came to appreciate their functioning as a family unit. Madigan and Costner are passable as 60s liberal leftovers who try to make a life as farmers in Iowa, but somehow are missing some magic that leads Costner into a quest for himself (midlife crisis, you could say) that makes him hear voices and obey their commands. James Earl Jones is excellent as Terrence Mann,  and it was nice to see Burt Lancaster play the small but pleasant role of Archibald \\"Moonlight\\" Graham. Ray Liotta was actually also a joy to watch as Shoeless Joe Jackson. I genuinely enjoyed the picture and appreciated that it did not try too hard to teach any lessons nor did it try to be anything more than it was. It also has at its heart a healthy love for American history and baseball's place in it.
B000005JAX|5.0|Few writers/performers capture the disparate elements of strength and sensitivity so fluidly as Martin Gore.<br />This release emerged surreptiously at a time in my life when I needed an electro-fix infused with the most warmth, compassion, and with Martin Gore - that unmistakable sardonic twist.<br />I had the opporunity of meeting Martin Gore at a latenight club in L.A. a few years back (called Prague.) Am glad to report he is as congenial and gracious as anyone could expect.<br />Martin Gore was and still is a major influence.
B0000542DH|5.0|This is the type of movie that you either hate or love. There is no middle ground. Personally, I think it is the greatest work of all time. You walk away with this feeling that cannot be rivaled and no matter how many times you see it, it fails to grow old. Powerful message and feelings throughout. Wow
B00005214X|5.0|ALL THNGS MUST PASS is a brilliant album which features Harrison at his peak as a songwriter and guitarist. There are some great Harrison solos here (along with scorchers from Eric Clapton)and out-of-this-world slide guitar work. This is hardly mentioned. George Harrison pioneered the sitar in pop music and the 12 string Rickenbacker sound that everybody ripped off from him. Harrison also developed the guitar riffs that are featured on this album (WAH-WAH, WHAT IS LIFE). Harrison is underappreciated and neglected as a guitarist, but this album shows him to be one of the greats. Listen to his solo on ISN'T IT A PITY or WAH-WAH. Moreover, people forget that in 1971 Harrison released THE CONCERT FOR BANGLADESH, another musical milestone that won Grammy album of the year and featured Bob Dylan, Ravi Shanker in one of the first benefit concerts. The 3 record set was brilliant. So this album is only PART 1. PART 2 is the Bangladesh concert.On this album, every song is great, there is no filler. Harrison also has a certain drive and conviction here. It is a milestone in rock music. This album is deserving of the praise. More people should listen to it. If MC HAMMER and MILLI VANILLI can sell over 0 million records, why can't really brilliant music sell? This is the real deal. Harrison is at peak form as vocalist and guitarist. His playing is understated, less-is-more. Clapton adds more firepower. Buy this album. You won't be disappointed.
6302794331|5.0|A fun adaptation of an old chestnut.  Probably not for toddlers, but preschoolers and up--even high schoolers and adults--will have fun watching this.  You have to view it several times to catch everything they're doing with Dickens.  Michael Caine obviously has great fun with a role that's been done and redone, bringing just the right touch of seriousness.  And of course, the muppets are great.  The scene with &quot;The Marley Brothers&quot; (the old hecklers from the original Muppet Show on TV) is one of the best versions of the old haunting episode I've seen.
B000002MTR|3.0|Flea is the best bass player in the world. Just listen to Aeroplane or Coffee Shop. But Navarro spoils it all. Listen to BSSM for the right peppers sound.
B000056VIY|1.0|I was one of the millions of people who bought this album. I liked listening to 'Love Don't Cost a Thing' but after that I got bored listening to her other songs because they all sound the same. Nothing original at all. I should have downloaded the songs instead of buying the album. What a waste of money!
B00004XOWM|5.0|I just want people to know that Limp Bizkit is all about the fan having fun! I like all kinds of music, from punk to hip-hop to alternative and all the way back to old school rap. I know that when im rocking it driving down the street theres nothing as good to listen to. There is a song on here for every feeling and mood. There are songs that great hip-hop wiht phat beats, and some great rock songs with sweet riffs. Limp is ina good and bad spot, my white friends think they too &quot;rap&quot; and not &quot;hard&quot; enough, while my blakc friends dismiss any &quot;white boys&quot; coming into their ears. So this cd is for the people that dont give a shut your mouth about stereotypes and rules, its all about the music and what it makes you feel. Dont kid yourself man, get a few songs from napster, limp is cool with it. Then buy it like i did.
B000002B30|5.0|As the saying goes...&quot;You can't please all of the people all of the time.&quot; Sure there are some songs missing that maybe should have been on here, but as a greatest hits package, it does have some of his greatest...it would need 2 cds to include all his greatest. And as a whole, this album makes for great listening. No one does a rock song quite like the Boss, and the fact that there are 4 new songs on this album makes this a must for even the most dedicated fan who may have all the rest of these songs on the individual albums. The 24 page booklet is nice too, each song has a handwritten note about it by Bruce, plus all the lyrics are included and many photos. I am a big Springsteen fan, and I would never be without this album. I find it a must have.
B00000J2KR|1.0|The dullest movie I've seen in a long time.  Over 3 hours of excruciating boredom.  The slowest moving movie I've ever seen.  If this movie is supposed to be about the meaning of life, any kind of life, good or bad, then it teaches me nothing except the fact that people like to look at each other and stare for long periods of time without saying anything meaningful.  Stanley Kubrick, you should be embarrassed.  If you want to see a good Kubrick film, watch Dr. Stangelove.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I never gave Radiohead a listen until my friend heavily recommended &quot;Kid A&quot; which I fell in love with, so then decided to pick up &quot;OK Computer.&quot;  This album is beyond words to describe, it is that good.  From the 3 part epic &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; where Thom exclaims &quot;Please could you stop the noise, I'm trying to get some rest/From all the unborn chicken voices in my head&quot; to &quot;The Tourist&quot; where he ends the record saying &quot;Hey man, slow down&quot; which often brings me to tears.  Buy this album, and you will start to believe why Radiohead is one of the best bands out there.
B000058T5E|4.0|Once again Mr.Beck has left me totally blown away by his guitar work! He simply knows no bounds and shows his range of abilities.If one compares the thrashy &quot;Earthquake&quot;,the bluesy &quot;Rollin' And Tumblin'&quot; and the delicate &quot;Nadia&quot; you could conclude that this man can execute any guitar style he chooses, as well as inventing new ones. What 'da Vinci' is to art, this man is to the guitar... This album kicks! If you like the guitar's of :Zappa, Vai, Moore, Satch...Check this out!
0767903854|5.0|Bill Bryson is probably the most popular author among backpackers.  It's not uncommon to hear fellow travelers make references to his work.  Despite my passion for traveling and the praise Bryson's books have received, I wasn't sure if I'd enjoy &quot;In a Sunburned Country&quot; since I'm not a history buff or a big non-fiction reader.  <br />There was no need for my apprehension.  After reading this book, I can safely say that Bryson's reputation is justified.<br />&quot;In a Sunburned Country&quot; is a fantastic supplement to a travel guide.  While traveling around Australia for three weeks, I continuously reflected upon Bryson's personal anecdotes and developed a far better understanding of Australia's history than I had before.  The sections of the book describing the country's past were both informative and engaging.  Bryson is highly skilled at combining humour and fact and converting them into interesting and dramatic true stories.<br />Though not all of Australia's regions and history were explored in the book, Bryson gives an excellent, well written overview of the country and, I feel, an accurate depiction of Australia's quirks and charms.  I was amazed by how many times I could relate to his personal experiences and how frequently his observations matched mine.  This may not be the most comprehensive book about Australia, but I wouldn't be surprised if it's one of the most entertaining!
B000001F6S|5.0|This is really the only album by TYA, or by Alvin Lee for that matter, that any serious record collector should have in their catalogue.  Recorded live at Klook's Kleek in 1968, one of many small London clubs of the era, Undead captures Lee and TYA at their very best.  The highly taut and speedy guitar work by Alvin Lee doesn't overwhelm the set, but rather enhances it.  Unfortunately, TYA's performance of &quot;I'm Going Home,&quot; at Woodstock, ultimately led to Alvin Lee's bombastic, bordering on self parody guitar work on all subsequent TYA records in order to appease the fans, by trying to prove that he was the fastest player on the planet.  &quot;Undead&quot; captured the band just before their metoric rise to fame, and it showcased a band that was still hungry and trying to play music well.  All the cuts on the record are very good with the exception of a long and rather mundane drum solo in the middle of &quot;Summertime.&quot;  The cuts &quot;Spider in My Web,&quot; and &quot;I May be Wrong, but I Won't be Wrong Always,&quot; are a couple of tracks any aspiring guitarist can whet their chops on.  Lee's stunning guitar work on Woody Herman's &quot;Woodchopper's Ball&quot; is truly inspiring, and his guitar prowess on the TYA classic &quot;I'm Going Home,&quot; not only floors the audience, but will also pump up the listener of the album as well.  This is a seminal album especially in the genre.  &quot;Undead&quot; show's that Alvin Lee was once deserving of his high stature in the guitar world, and is a very enthusiastic and enjoyable piece of work.  Highly recommended.
6305013578|1.0|(I wish I could give 0 stars)<br />Sigh.  An exercise in you-get-what-you-pay-for.  I found this DVD at Target for 9 or 10 dollars, and jumped for it, thinking that I'd better get it now since vids of classics don't seem to have a long shelf life.<br />I just put it in the DVD for the first time, and I tell you it about made me sick to my stomach.  I could only bear to watch two minutes, before I ran to my computer to see if other folks agreed that it was bad - maybe this is the best that was available?  I guess I'm relieved that there are much better transfers out there, just not in DVD.  I'll wait for one of those.
B000056VIY|4.0|Jennifer doesn't have a strong voice but that doesn't mean her album is horrible or that we should dis her. Her album has 2 ballads and the rest are dance. I think she could have done better if she worked with Rodney a little more. Maybe a track or 2 from Shek`spere. Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis meybe, but anyways this album isn't great but it isn't horrible either.
B0000026KQ|2.0|After having this cd for nearly a year, I have determined that it just isn't very good. Beck's guitar playing is good, but I don't like the tone on this record. And I have always heard what a great drummer Bozzio is, but I assume that is not based on this material. Also, despite what fans of this cd think, it DOES sound overproduced. It just sounds like way too much effort was put in to make it sound just right and the music suffers for it. Also, several songs are ruined by that annoying talking. Don't get me wrong. I think Jeff Beck is one of the greatest rock guitarists I have ever heard, but this is not one of his best. I prefer Blow By Blow, Wired and Who Else and would recommend those long before this.
B000002UA7|4.0|I was surprised to see that this album reached the top thirty in Australia. I LOVE KATE BUSH. I have all her albums but...<br />The main problem with The Whole Story is that it doesn't feature all of her truly great works. It also suffers in a way that ABBA GOLD suffers - it is recorded from a UK point of view hence some of the songs didn't chart elsewhere. An example is Australia - Babooshka and Wuthering Heights are the only songs on this album that charted. I'm lost? Maybe when they release her next GREATEST HITS album (which is apparently happening this year and featuring all her hits from 1978-1993) they can make it appeal to worldwide fans.
0807029181|5.0|An American doctor once asked Viktor Frankl to explain the difference between conventional psychoanalysis and logotherapy. Before answering, Frankl asked the doctor for his definition of psychoanalysis. The man said, &quot;During psychoanalysis, the patient must lie down on a couch and tell you things which sometimes are very disagreeable to tell.&quot; Frankl immediately replied by saying: &quot;Now, in logotherapy the patient may remain sitting erect but he must hear things which sometimes are very disagreeable to hear.&quot; By this he meant that in logotherapy the patient is actually confronted with and reoriented toward the MEANING of his life. The role of the therapist, then, is to help the patient discover a purposefulness in his life. Frankl's theory is that man's search for meaning is the primary motivation in his life and not a &quot;secondary rationalization&quot; of instinctual drives. Whereas Freudian psychoanalysis focuses on the &quot;will to pleasure&quot; and Adlerian psychology focuses on the &quot;will to power&quot; it can be said that Frankl's logotherapy focuses on the &quot;will to meaning.&quot; Does man give in to to conditions or stand up to them? According to Frankl, the strength of a person's sense of meaning, responsibility, and purpose is the greatest determining factor in how that question will be answered. He believed that &quot;man is ultimately self-determining&quot; and as such, &quot;does not simply exist but always decides what his existence will be, what he will become in the next moment.&quot;<br />The first (and largest) section of this book is the searing autobiographical account of the author's experience as a longtime prisoner in a concentration camp. These camps claimed the lives of his father, mother, brother, and wife. Frankl's survival and the subsequent miracle of this book are a testimony to man's capacity to rise above his outward fate. As Gordon W. Allport states in the preface, &quot;A psychiatrist who personally has faced such extremity is a psychiatrist worth listening to.&quot;<br />I agree, and highly reccommend this book. As the sub-title says, it is an &quot;introduction&quot; to logotherapy, and anyone who wants to go deeper into the principles and practical application of Frankl's existential psychiatry should go to his excellent &quot;The Doctor And The Soul&quot;.<br />Frankl was fond of quoting Nietzsche's dictum...&quot;He who has a WHY to live can bear with almost any HOW.&quot;as faced such extremity is a psychiatrist worth listening to.&quot;<br />I agree, and highly reccommend this book. As the sub-title says, it is an &quot;introduction&quot; to logotherapy, and anyone who wants to go deeper into the principles and practical application of Frankl's existential psychiatry should go to his excellent &quot;The Doctor And The Soul&quot;.<br />Frankl was fond of quoting Nietzsche's dictum...&quot;He who has a WHY to live can bear with almost any HOW.&quot;
B00003CX8J|2.0|As someone who's been reading X-Men since he was a very verbal little boy (I'm 38), I was for the most part disappointed by this fairly well-made blockbuster.<br />The bad stuff: The film diluted the impact of two of the series' most distinctive attributes: a powerful, if melodramatic, moral imperative and an insistent female-centeredness, if not before its time then certainly uncharacteristic of the medium in general. <br />Jean Grey was a wimp and played by an ungifted actor. Storm was, well, Halle Berry. Imagine the difference if Angela Bassett had played the part. And Rogue was a teenager! You would never know from the movie that all three of these characters were the most powerful members of the team in the comics.<br />The good stuff: Despite the reduction of Rogue to a bipolar teenager I found the relationship between her and Wolverine to be credible, unique, fairly well-realized and appropriately grungy. Unfortunately everything after the pair stopped being central is mediocre.<br />The good stuff: Patrick Stewart was wittily cast.<br />Newcomer Hugh Jackman as Wolverine was beautifully cast, the only perfect move the filmmakers made: an expert balance of vulnerability and studliness<br />Other bad stuff: We could quibble about the fey choice of the worthy Ian McKellan as Magneto but I don't  think we could dispute that both McKellan and Stewart were way underused considering their prodigous capacities for overacting. Despite its source material, this movie could not be accused of being over-the-top. It wasn't over-the-top enough!<br />For the most part nice-looking though.
B000000HZT|4.0|I just rediscovered this album 18 years after buying it.  Back then I was a huge Banks fan.  To tell the truth, only 1976-1981 Genesis fans will appreciate this album's unique flavour. The story line is quite unique (a child who wishes to become famous and wise should he never fall in love, and guess what, he does).  Some of the album is quite ordinary (enough has been said of the vocalist);  but oh! that opening chord on the Yamaha electric piano on track 1... and the song &quot;You&quot; with mono-synth solo... I still love it and so will you, old Genesis fan.
B000058T5E|2.0|Once again, Jeff Beck, who I used to think was, &quot;Guitar GOD&quot;, has  traded in melody for FX, tricks and weirdness. We all know he doesn't need the money and he'd rather be working on cars...but if he's going to put his name on something you'd think he'd be worried about looking himself in the mirror everyday.<br />This latest effort is only slightly better than, Flash, which was a diaster. Jeff used to be an innovator but now he seems to be a follower doing whatever his record label tells him they &quot;think&quot; will make them money.<br />Hey Jeff, listen to Blow by Blow and Wired, and then WAKE UP!
B00003CXE7|5.0|I first saw this movie in the theratre and i said WOW!!! It even made me cry. Russell, Joaquin, and Ridley went together and made it an awesome movie, a must see. Maximus gives a great performance. That's why i give this awesome movie 2 thumbs and 2 toes way up!!!
B000001IPL|2.0|Why??  well they overplayed the dam videos to come out and play and self esteem on Mtv therefore this was in fact the beginning of the end of the band in my case.  the cd has 9 cool songs thats about it.  the earlier work offspring S/T and Ignition were their best work go for those instead.
0767802551|1.0|The movie on it's own merit was alright, but I read the book first.  The movie pales in comparison to the book.  There are scenes in the movie that never took place.  In fact the movie was kind of hard to stomach. The real Donnie Brasco, (Joe Pistone) tells a much more gripping story in the book.  Maybe the movie should have been whacked along with Sonny Black.
0141301074|4.0|Meet the Twits, THE most disgusting couple in all of England... Perhaps even the whole world.  Mr. Twit hasn't combed or washed his huge, shaggy beard in YEARS, and it's full of nasty bits of rotting food (the illustrator even has a close-up shot for those who really want to experience it!!).  Mrs. Twit has a glass eye and years of thinking ugly thoughts has turned her into the most ugly woman one could imagine (this actually makes a good deal of sense, doesn't it??)<br />The Twits hate everything, including each other.  A plotting look from Mr. T provokes Mrs. T to put her glass eye into his beer.  This causes him to pull a dirty trick on HER.  Then back and forth, back and forth.  Indeed, the author tells us we could go on like this forever with these two nasties.<br />The book goes on to tell of the Twits's trained monkeys who are forced to stand on their heads for hours at a stretch, and of Mr. Twits's favorite dinner, bird pie (made by smearing glue on a dead tree and then cooking up every type of bird that gets stuck there).  The monkeys go on to save flocks of birds and then play a most excellent trick on the Twits themselves!!<br />The late Mr. Dahl is, of course, a genius of the wicked, strange and disgusting.  This book is no exception!  The Twits is a book that will make most grownups say, \\"ewww!  Disgusting!\\" and most children say, \\"Hehehehe!!  Cool!!\\"  It's a fast-paced read and short, so it won't be intimidating to new readers.  The illustrations are, like the story, frenetic and gross and therefore are a perfect compliment.
B00004XONN|5.0|its very hard for me to rate this CD.  How can i compare something that is at a completely different level to anything else.   If you hear this CD, you would feel as if you are listening your soul speak to you .  I have heard alot of music in my life, music is my hobby and after 20 yrs of listening to music i would say i have found the holy grail in &quot;Radiohead&quot;. You will know it inside yourself that you are enjoying a piece of art so deep and beautiful that nothing else really matters. My fav song on the cd is &quot;How to Dissapear Completely&quot; .. it is the best song i have ever heard in my life.  If You Like REM,VERVE,U2,COLDPLAY, well you will drfinitely love this, it not only matches these bands but goes so far ahead that it is hard to imagine..  All i can say is &quot;FEEL THE MUSIC FLOW THROUGH YOU&quot;
6302799066|5.0|This film has become a cultish film because of the subject of course but especially because of the tone that is really entirely conveyed by two actors, Peter Sellers and his three roles and George C. Scott. We could add Slim Pickens in the batch with his phenomenal dive into nuclear annihilation at the end.<br /><br />The subject is central in our post WW2 world since it has to do with nuclear weapons and war. These weapons have only been used once, in fact twice, by the USA against Japan in 1945. The deterring effect of the possession of such weapons is supposed to keep the world as peaceful as it can be, though we all know it is not exactly true since wars have been going on practically constantly since 1945, for oil, for uranium, for who knows what other resources or tribal heritage from the centuries of slavery imposed onto black Africa, or the centuries of rife between sects in some religions. But they were always limited geographically. Most of these wars, apart from the direct colonial wars of Great Britain (not so many) and France (essentially two in Indochina and in Algeria) were the deeds of the USA: Korea, Vietnam, and the Middle East, and should I not mention Granada and Panama? The Soviet Union only had one in Afghanistan and they stepped out of it in front of the resistance from the Taliban and the Mujahedeen, armed and financed by the USA and the CIA. These movements gave rise to Al Qaeda and later ISIS.<br /><br /> In 1964 just after the missile crisis in Cuba the world had just gone through a terrible scare and Stanley Kubrick wanted to produce a film that would make the world realize how dangerous these weapons can be and how little we can stop them when they are already in the air. He decided to make it a comedy by using Peter Sellers in three different parts in which his improvising was able to make a real hit on the psyche of an audience. And it is a success and it is still valid.<br /><br />The argument is that there will always be some crazy guy who will be able to bypass all limitations and firewalls to play a trick on the world, on the USSR at the time and Russia nowadays, or even China for the more reckless, and manage a bomb and today a missile to reach the other side and start the ABSOLUTELY AUTOMATIC responding defense that would become a tremendous back-attack or act of final justified but lethal compensation. As the one who started the scare in this film, and the final holocaust, says so well just before committing suicide I believe there is another life on the other side! That is in the drastic situation the most humorous, a very black humor indeed, remark you can utter.<br /><br />The mad Nazi scientist Dr. Strangelove is the most frighteningly hilarious character you can imagine, selling his nuclear knowledge and knowhow to the USA with only one intention: to get to the nuclear holocaust he had been preparing in Germany for Hitler and he was not able to perform or achieve. He is mad, he is deranged, he is physically handicapped, he is erratic and his artificial arm is only remembering his glorious Nazi time and is taking over from time to time to salute his leader, Heil and Heil again.<br /><br />All that is dealt with humorously but it is dramatic and today in the situation of two wars, in Afghanistan on one side, and in Iraq-Syria on the other hand, plus the Korean situation that is poisoned by the unpredictable erratic attitude of President Trump in front of a young leader in North Korea who is either right to resist American imperialism or wrong to endanger the survival of the whole planet, today we can feel it resonate with strength and power.<br /><br />Can there be any reasonable tempered, and well-tempered at that, moderate and realistic compromise to find a solution to the problem without having the USA continuing in their unacceptable track of dictating what one man, one president wants, even when this is purely unethical and absurd? No one in the world, and certainly not any god in existence, has the right to dictate to other countries what they have to do and what norms they have to respect and implement: the one size fits all of the Monroe Doctrine has to be once and for all sent back to the prop-store of an out-of-use theater.<br /><br />Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU<br /><br />TO DIE IN ORDER TO SURVIVE, WHAT A JOY!<br />Amazon February 11, 2001<br /><br />Kubrick touches a very sensitive subject in this film, a subject that should remind us of man's supreme ability at destroying himself and surviving his own destruction. He points out how any nuclear protocol has a hole somewhere or a loophole to go around any kind of security precautions. Nuclear weapons are our unredeemable doom. They can only lead to a catastrophe.<br /><br />And humanity is such that it will enjoy destroying itself and then mobilize its intelligence to just survive in order to start again. There is no hope what so ever. Kubrick deals with this subject in a very humorous way but every detail is there to show that the patriotic motivation of any man justifies in his mind any possible crime or just folly. Man is a fool and his foolishness can know no end.<br /><br />Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IX.ries what they have to do and what norms they have to respect and implement: the one size fits all of the Monroe Doctrine has to be once and for all sent back to the prop-store of an out-of-use theater.  Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU  TO DIE IN ORDER TO SURVIVE, WHAT A JOY!  Amazon February 11, 2001  Kubrick touches a very sensitive subject in this film, a subject that should remind us of man's supreme ability at destroying himself and surviving his own destruction. He points out how any nuclear protocol has a hole somewhere or a loophole to go around any kind of security precautions. Nuclear weapons are our unredeemable doom. They can only lead to a catastrophe.   And humanity is such that it will enjoy destroying itself and then mobilize its intelligence to just survive in order to start again. There is no hope what so ever. Kubrick deals with this subject in a very humorous way but every detail is there to show that the patriotic motivation of any man justifies in his mind any possible crime or just folly. Man is a fool and his foolishness can know no end.   Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IX.
6305311463|4.0|This Movie is a keeper.  In True Bruckheimer fashion this movie explodes at the beginning and just keeps going.  On DVD it is even better! Disk 1 is your basic DVD with the movie and preferences.  Disk 2 Is the Supplemental Disk with outtakes, a gag reel full of chuckles, Special Effects, and deleted scenes.<br />I had absolutely no problem with this selection and it is well worth owning.
0345440757|5.0|I read this book cover to cover in one afternoon. it has changed my way of interacting with my baby where i now feel i have a great understanding of what my babies needs are and i am able to meet and exceed them.<br />i really got the part of &quot;drawing&quot; a circle of respect around my baby and talking and interacting with her like the true individual she is. using the E.A.S.Y. plan has made both of our days much more enjoyable and predictable which certainly makes for a more harmonius and peaceful way. <br />i would reccomend this book to any new parent, and i want my mother to read it too!  this is by far the best baby book i have read to date and i keep it close by to refer to the many tips that i use daily.  <br /> rachel tarr  brooklyn ny
B00004VXF2|5.0|What a fascinating idea from the man that brought you Sister Ray. This is the sound of harmony in the hypnotic...a wall of white noise that overpowers you and then serenades you.  The fact that Lou Reed is dressed up as a glam star on the cover is awesomely (and probably intentionally) misleading...but no less funny than the pop music fans that wrote 1 star reviews of this monster, complaining of their headaches.  Well, let them complain.  Lou Reed won't apologize for this album because he doesn't need to.  It's not safe, poppy, or catchy...and it will eat you alive.
B000002552|2.0|If you are a Dylan fan looking for more great stuff like Blonde, Highway, or Bringing it all.., then please use extreme caution if considering this CD. If you are not a fan of The Band you will hate this CD! This CD has received much critical praise over the years primarily due to the story behind it and not so much for the tunes themselves. There are many Dylan fans that just simply hate this one.
B00000JY1X|5.0|I just picked this one up today and haven't listened to anything more that once, but...Wow. Stephen Merrit is a freak. With no life obviously. How does he have time for a love life ? Are these songs to be trusted? Whatever. It's almost a brief history of pop music (in a completely non-chronological order). Most genres are covered, but the set remains largely acoustic instrument driven. There's some lovely subtle electronic textures (the list of equipment in the booklet that is used is pretty impressive).<br />Lyrically - fantastic. Funny and tragic at the same time. He seems embarrassed by the fact that he's paying so much attention to the 'love' concept and so is at (many) times both self-denegrating or partner-peed-off (yeah i know its not a word, but neither is 'unboyfriendable' which is used in 'All my little words' so brilliantly).<br />For musical references the following came to mind - Belle and Sebastien, the Pogues, Beach Boys, Tom Waits, a hint of Scott Walker and Nick Cave (in the voice more than the music) and Elvis Costello (circa King of America). Having very folk derived melodies helps create something very timeless about the music - its whats done with the instrumentation that can often be surprising.<br />In the end, it's great to know that interesting things can still be done with the ultimate cliche in pop music - the love song. For this alone, this one deserves top marks. Obviously though, it's achievments are far more numerous, and I'd highly recommend it to anyone.
B00004U30D|5.0|This movie is simply about the reality of life. Just as Shakespeare was able to use the human character and write many great works, so do the authors of this film. It simply is about our lives, our very deep secrets, our deepest dreams, and finally, about somebody shaking us, so we can face it. Unfortunately, life is sometimes hard to accept. But the main theme of the film is that &quot;there is awesome beauty everywhere&quot;.<br />The acting was also superb!
0783229011|5.0|&quot;Babe&quot; is a perfect film - funny, touching, wise.  I, as many people, thought this was simply a kiddy film and I resisted seeing it.  How wrong I was!  Underneath the funny story line is a message of  faith, love, loss, and tolerance.  These messages are not lost on kids - there is much to learn from this wonderful film.
B000002C25|5.0|This album was considered a faliur by many critics, for the life of me I cannot see why! At first listening, the album was a fiarly good Cd, but with time it gets better and better! I have to admit to finding myself listening to the second half of the album more than the first. But with songs such as Don't go away, Be here now, Allaround the world and It's gettin better man, who can blame me! Thats not to say the first half isnt good, tghe great opening to d'ya know what i mean is exellent, so is the song, another first half highlight would be I hope, i think, I know and of course the wonderful Stand by me! In my opinion this album surpasses its predecessors and helps elevate oasis to a new level, and if you don't believe a word I'm saying, then check out Dont go away, if that doesn't change you're opinion - nothing will! From JPJ
0393316041|5.0|this book will put a smile on your face and love in your heart for life.  but i suppose i already had both of those things going for me comming into the book. but if i haddent read it, but knew of it, i would regret not reading it.
B000056VIY|5.0|Okay..People are bashing this Cd like it is the worst CD in the world..I dont understand why. This CD is way better than On the 6...On her first album, there were some songs that I didnt like...and too many ballads...on J.LO there are less ballads, more catchy tunes and all the songs are enjoyable...My favorites have gotta be &quot;Play&quot; (her next single) , &quot;Im Real&quot;, &quot;Aint It Funny&quot; and &quot;Its Gonna B Alrite&quot; If you like songs that will make you wanna get up and dance, then this is the album for you!!!
6305013578|1.0|This a great film ruined by an awful DVD.  This  MADACYENTERTAINMENT/&quot;HOLLYWOOD CLASSICS&quot; thing is ...  seriously overpriced.<br />Great film, terrible DVD.<br />The packaging is good.  The problem is the TERRIBLE PICTURE QUALITY!  The picture is blurry and from a bad print, and part of the picture is cropped off.  For instance, the title of the film reads &quot;METROPOLI&quot;.<br />Hopefully the AFI or another company can release a great DVD of this great film, or maybe it's already happened. If/when it happens, I suspect that whoever releases it will make good money.
B00002E23E|3.0|I bought this DVD because it is Led Zeppelin.   At their best, they produced magical, energizing music.  My personal favorite is the &quot;Houses of the Holy&quot; album (which was recorded just after the tour showcased in this video).<br />Well, in the 25 years since I saw this film in the theater, I had forgotten the details, which all came back to me during the viewing of this DVD.<br />As in all concert films, anything that appears in the film in the middle of a piece, that is not taking place in the concert hall, is an unfortunate distraction.   This is true, whether it is the interview segments in the Black Sabbath reunion concert video, or the &quot;fantasy scenes&quot; in this film.   Whether or not those scenes are of any interest to fans is one question (most of them are pretty silly), but they certainly don't belong in the middle of the performances.<br />As far as the performances themselves, they just aren't that good - for Led Zeppelin.   The studio album performances are better.   This may be true of all Led Zeppelin live performances (although I haven't heard enough to be sure), since they don't seem to do anything to compensate for the fact that Page did both the lead and rhythm guitar tracks in the studio - and thus one of the two is always missing in the performances on this DVD.   Other power trios, such as The Who and Cream, simply did not use very many overdubs of lead and rhythm guitar at the same time, but Led Zeppelin did - and I think the studio albums are all the better as a result.   But this live performance seems a bit &quot;thin&quot; in comparison.<br />The other problem - for me - is that the material included is weighted somewhat towards the &quot;ballads&quot; rather than the &quot;metal&quot; style which was their forte.   This was no doubt designed to increase the breadth of appeal of the film in its theatrical release - probably a good decision in terms of the bottom line.   But this &quot;softer&quot; playlist lessens the appeal of this video for me...
B000051VWW|2.0|I've always been a huge Sade fan.  Her incredibly smooth voice was always perfectly complimented by musicians who played their instruments just as smooth.  This Album contains mediocre guitar playing along with popular electronic sound effects that lack emotion.  Plus, her voice is over dubbed way to often.  Her voice doesn't need enhancement.  Bring back the band.
0930289234|2.0|Let me just start by saying that I think I can appreciate why this book was so groundbreaking when it came out in the mid-eighties: the innovative moral ambiguity of its heroes, the epic scope, the highbrow epigraphs (Ooo, Nietzsche! Dylan! This must be some of that real art!), the looming menace of nuclear apocalypse endowing the story with a sort of anxious fever-dream quality, and so on. But I have to admit that I found it a singularly annoying read in 2001. I think Alan Moore's most irritating and overused device throughout this series is the heavyhanded juxtaposition between caption and image. If your idea of great and subtle artistry is one homicide detective saying to another, &quot;Well, what say we let this one drop out of sight?&quot; in a panel depicting a flashback of a murder victim plunging to his death, this book is for you--there is panel after panel of this sort of obvious layering straining for cleverness. But if you're someone who gets annoyed at having your face repeatedly rubbed into the writer's overwrought stabs at significance, look elsewhere. The melodramatic plot was interesting enough that I made it all the way through, but I have to say I'm happy it's over. Check out &quot;From Hell&quot; for a more mature example of Moore's work.
6305627401|5.0|Well, my previous review of this movie was nothing short of an unending tirade about the price-to-features ratio. But Sweet Crispety Christ, I bought it anyway. I hadn't watched it in months (adamantly not watching vhs tapes and not buying featureless dvd's) and I up and forgot how funny it was. I said earlier that without any special features it wasn't worth the 30 bucks ... well, the joke-machinegun that this movie shoots you with repeatedly is more than worth the tag. Buy now. Operators are standing by. Hail Satan.
B00004XONN|5.0|This cd demands your full attention.  This isnt a cd you can pop in, skip to a certain track and sing along with repetitively.  It is a very groundbreaking and serious album that you hate the first time, but grows on you.<br />The only reason people dismiss this album is because they just pop it in, listen to the first 30 seconds of each song, and determine the worth of the cd.  This is NOT how to treat a masterpiece like Kid A.<br />This doesnt hardly sound like a Radiohead record.  It is definately one of the least accessible if you arent willing to give an album time to grow on you.  <br />The only song that isnt that good is Treefingers.  It is 3 minutes of no singing, just the same musical landscape.  Optomistic is the track that is most accessible to the radio if any, but feels just a bit out of place on this album. <br />You have to be willing to give this album a chance.  Believe me-it is most rewarding to its most patient listeners.
B000055ZB8|2.0|Don't get me wrong - I've loved this movie since I saw it as a child, but this release leaves much to be desired.  There are many good points of course: the commentary by Lokke Heiss, production and concept art, the restoration quality of the film, and even the design of the case, with a great Albin Grau painting of Max Schreck as Count Orlok.<br />On to what I didn't like about it: first, the tinting of the film.  I've alwasy seen Nosferatu presented in stark black and white, and this always added to the creepy feel of the movie.  However, Image Entertainment has chosen to use bright tints on the film in order to more clearly present moods, locations, times of day, etc.  supposedly, this is how it was originally presented?  It is quite distracting, and I feel it takes away from the quality of the video.  My second issue is with the soundtrack options, of which you get two new ones.  The first, by the Silent Orchestra, gets the right mood sometimes, but is too full and modern for this movie.  It's very out of place.  The second, an organ score by Timothy Howard, is too quiet, very bland, and adds nothing to the mood of the film.  This being a silent movie, the music is a very important part, and I feel that both of these fail miserably at reflecting what is occuring on the screen.<br />It makes me long for earlier VHS editions I've seen, which, even though their video quality wasn't as good, were in regular B&amp;W and had appropriate soundtracks which succeeded at mirroring the action on screen.  Oh well, I can wait for another...
0808581945|5.0|This is one of the best books I have ever read.  I don't like gratutitous violence, but this novella is justified in including everything it does.  Burgess has an incredibly funny writing style and I often found myself laughing out loud at his descriptions then subsequently becoming horrified at the situation at which I was laughing.  It isn't a pretty book, or a pleasant one, but it does make you think hard about humans.
0866119760|5.0|Did you know that Holmes never, ever said &quot;Elementary, my dear Watson&quot; in any of the sixty stories Arthur Conan Doyle wrote?<br />The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes were initially published in &quot;The Strand&quot; magazine as a series of 24 short stories.  These stories saw publication between 1891 and 1893.  When they were published in book form, the first twelve were published as &quot;The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes&quot; and the last twelve were called &quot;The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes.&quot;  Today, when we speak of the original &quot;Adventures,&quot; we usually refer to the first twelve Holmes short stories.  These twelve stories include some of the best of Holmes: &quot;The Speckled Band,&quot; &quot;The Red Headed League,&quot; &quot;A Scandal in Bohemia.&quot;  Doyle continued his Holmes saga with other collections of short stories: &quot;The Return of Sherlock Holmes,&quot; &quot;Reminiscences of Sherlock Holmes,&quot; &quot;His Last Bow,&quot; and finally &quot;The Casebook of Sherlock Holmes.&quot;  Almost every Holmes short story bears the title &quot;The Adventure of . . .&quot;  One of my favorite Holmes stories is &quot;The Problem of Thor Bridge.&quot;  Not only is it a very good yarn, it is a &quot;Problem&quot; and not an &quot;Adventure!&quot;  Although Conan Doyle ran out of Holmes stories, the public did not run out of its appetite for new Holmes stories, and production of pastiches continues to this day.<br />To me, the most satisfying way to relive the adventures of Sherlock Holmes, both original and pastiche adventures, is through the medium of audiotaped radio plays.  There are at least four collections of adventures currently available.  &quot;The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes,&quot; a publication of BBC shows starring Clive Merrison, reprises the original twelve adventures. This is probably the best radio collection of adventures.  National Public Radio has published four &quot;Adventures of Sherlock Holmes&quot; consisting of four one hour productions starring various actors as Holmes.  The quality is uneven.  &quot;Smithsonian Historical Performances: The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes&quot; has twelve stories, four of which are original.  Edith Meiser wrote the pastiches, and John Stanley starred as a rather disagreeable Holmes.  Some stories are very good; others are woeful.  Simon and Schuster publishes a series of six &quot;New Adventures of Sherlock Holmes.&quot;  Each collection has eight Holmes stories.  Of the pastiches, these are the best.  Nigel Bruce stars as a loveable, bumbling Watson, and Basil Rathbone portrays the archetypical Holmes.  Anthony Boucher and Dennis Green wrote the scripts and did a very good job.  Holmesaholics will also want to listen to &quot;More New Adventures of Sherlock Holmes,&quot; published by the Brilliance Corporation, and starring Tom Conway as Holmes and Nigel Bruce as Watson.  These stories are on the whole better than the Smithsonian Historical Performances, but not as good as the Rathbone/Bruce &quot;New Adventures.&quot;  They also have the drawback of being published as individual cassettes.  The avid collector can run to some expense getting all of these.<br />Holmes survived Conan Doyle's attempt on his life at the Reichenbach Falls; he has survived his creator 80 years without showing any signs of loss of vitality.  The latest (and quite enjoyable) addition to the Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is the BBC Television series starring Jeremy Brett.ng of four one hour productions starring various actors as Holmes.  The quality is uneven.  &quot;Smithsonian Historical Performances: The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes&quot; has twelve stories, four of which are original.  Edith Meiser wrote the pastiches, and John Stanley starred as a rather disagreeable Holmes.  Some stories are very good; others are woeful.  Simon and Schuster publishes a series of six &quot;New Adventures of Sherlock Holmes.&quot;  Each collection has eight Holmes stories.  Of the pastiches, these are the best.  Nigel Bruce stars as a loveable, bumbling Watson, and Basil Rathbone portrays the archetypical Holmes.  Anthony Boucher and Dennis Green wrote the scripts and did a very good job.  Holmesaholics will also want to listen to &quot;More New Adventures of Sherlock Holmes,&quot; published by the Brilliance Corporation, and starring Tom Conway as Holmes and Nigel Bruce as Watson.  These stories are on the whole better than the Smithsonian Historical Performances, but not as good as the Rathbone/Bruce &quot;New Adventures.&quot;  They also have the drawback of being published as individual cassettes.  The avid collector can run to some expense getting all of these.<br />Holmes survived Conan Doyle's attempt on his life at the Reichenbach Falls; he has survived his creator 80 years without showing any signs of loss of vitality.  The latest (and quite enjoyable) addition to the Adventures of Sherlock Holmes is the BBC Television series starring Jeremy Brett.
B00003CXE6|5.0|I think Mel Gibson might want to step aside from doing historical movies and let Russell Crowe take over. This is the first Crowe movie I have ever seen and I am impressed. Very impressed. This man can act.<br />I also think Jocaquin Phoenix is an excellent actor. He plays a character that you just love to hate and he is really good at it too. If it comes down to talent, I must say Phoenix did a wonderful job and he is a much much better actor than his brother ever was. I think Hollywood should keep an eye on this man ~~ he is talented. Between the two of them, I can see why they took over the world by a storm. One classically noble and one pathologically weak. This is a movie between good and evil, for the greater cause and for love.<br />Gladiator is a movie for both women and men ~~ it really shows humanity in its best and vilest forms. And the photography is just stunning. This is a movie that I highly recommend.
B00003Q438|3.0|It has come to my attention that, for me, James Cameron movies don't always bear repeated viewings.   I remember seeing the theatrical release in the early 90s. I thought it was great, though it took a while to find its legs. Ten years later on DVD, I did not find this film nearly as interesting. The trouble was, I saw the &quot;Special Edition&quot;, which was stupid. The ending is laughable (I'm talking, &quot;Mission to Mars&quot; sort of laughable). The extra scenes act as dead weights, making what was already a long movie something drawn out, tedious, and self indulgent.
B00003CXBK|5.0|As simple as emotions this anime is all about, it's full fill of it.The main carecter is the best carecter i have ever seen in my life, it really presents the MAN personality. The graphics are amaizing, the back ground sound is fantastic, but the subtitel is really bad it just flashs, so if you are going to watch this movie (buy-rent-borrow) it and that is what you are going to do  PICK the english version of it. <br />  Actually guys I find my self out of words to talk about an anime like that. <br />  I JUST CAN SAY DO NOT REGRET NOT SEEING THIS ANIME AFTER LIFE
B00000ILDE|3.0|After buying Alien Legacy on DVD, and first watching Alien (which I was completely awed by), I completely expected Aliens to be just as good, if not better.   Yet I was shocked to realise that Aliens had none of eeriness, intensity or subtlety of Ridley Scott's film. This was pure potboiler - bad, cliched dialogue, so-so visuals (Ridley Scott did better in 1978!), unbelievable character motivation. I could go on.   But Aliens eventually picks up. I felt the best thing about the movie was the relationship being Riply and Neut, which added a great deal of emotional depth to the film (it worked better than the relationship between Riply and the cat, anyway.) A lot of the action was top notch and excellently orchestrated. Paul Rieser's character was more frightening that all the aliens put together. Unfortunately he is killed off too soon! The &quot;good&quot; andriod in Aliens is also a brillient idea (which out-stayed its welcome in &quot;Alien Ressurection&quot;, though).    What a shame Alien 3 had to come along, which told us all Riply's adventures were for nothing ...
B00003652R|5.0|A heavy drug binge equipped Marillion frontman Fish with the lyrical ideas that would anchor the band's concept album, an artistically challenging little project. Misplaced Childhood gives rise to tales of painful childhood experiences, lost love, and rock star lavishness. Fish's brilliant deftness with acerbic poetry and his distinct voice, supported by a very accomplished group of musicians, produced a great, great album.<br />Typical of neo-prog, Misplaced Childhood features lush musicianship but without the grandiosity and sophistication of a &quot;true&quot; progressive rock band. Some prog rock fans find Marillion (and the genre) boring. But this album is challenging from a thematic standpoint, and musically it is engaging because it dexterously straddles the line between low-key prog and enterprising pop/rock. The result is an album that attains a remarkable element of accessibility, but concurrently it fairly repays the intensive time it demands for the album to truly sink in and expose its greatness. This album is seductive, musically and especially lyrically; the songs compels exploration. The sonic surfaces are stylishly sad, but it's infectious at the same time. The album ends with &quot;White Feather,&quot; a song with a hopeful note. It leaves you feeling good.<br />To conclude simply, if you're a neo-prog fan or an intelligent rock fan, I recommend picking up Misplaced Childhood.
B00002DE2L|5.0|...make this 1001.  It's one of those CD's that makes you smile.  She'll do a little variation of a familiar theme and the interpretation she brings to the music is inspired.  It shows how her maturity as an artist has allowed her to gain insight into a piece and give it a personal touch.  A must for anyone who loves the violin.
B000002HPT|4.0|Mike Portnoy says that the recording of Falling Into Infinity almost broke the band up. Pressures from their record company to make a commercially appealing album were teeming here, evidenced by some very commercial rock songs and some standard ballads. In interviews, the band expresses considerable displeasure with their work here, with only a few songs (\\"Lines in the Sand\\", \\"New Millennium\\", and \\"Just Let Me Breathe\\") making the band members happy.<br />I can see why the band regards this album contemptuously. There was obviously a lot of interpersonal strain between the band and their label. At the same time, it's strange: even though the band was clearly being burdened, they churned out a great record. Granted, it's not my favorite DT release; it's notably more commercial, the production isn't so hot, and LaBrie's singing seems to be lacking some energy. Still, I enjoy it, and there's some truly great moments that are easily among the best they've ever done.<br />The three epics are probably the best offerings here. First, we have \\"New Millennium\\", an energetic progressive rock piece with some weirdly cheesy lyrics. \\"Lines in the Sand\\", is a phenomenal 12 minute piece that feels extremely short. Petrucci's evocative and metaphorically rich lyrics shine here, as does his incredible slow tempo solo in the song's middle section. The album closer, \\"Trial of Tears\\", is thoroughly excellent. It's lyrically introspective though very straightforward, but musically it's highly engaging. Particularly excellent is the stunning instrumental section in the middle. Derek Sherinian's best contribution to the band is here in the form of an incredible keyboard solo that moves me every time I hear it.<br />The shorter tracks show more of a dichotomy of quality. \\"You Not Me\\" is an awfully generic rock song. The original version of the song (available on the \\"Hollow Years\\" CD single) is much, much better. (Desmond Child came in and messed with the original.) Still, I think that the song could have done well on radio. The band would have sold quite a few additional albums if this had been a single release. The chorus' melody is catchy and the lyrics have a good hook or two. The next song, \\"Peruvian Skies\\" compensates for that lapse of mediocrity. It has a Black-era Metallica feel, starting slow, then upping the tempo and rocking through the remainder of the track. \\"Hollow Years\\" is a pretty ballad with classical guitar (hooray!), if slightly repetitive lyrically. \\"Burning My Soul\\" is a tad insipid, with embarrassing lyrics and uninteresting mid-tempo metal. The stunning instrumental \\"Hell's Kitchen\\" serves as more than a lengthy segue into \\"Lines in the Sand\\". It's slow and beautiful, with grandiosity surging with the ending. \\"Take Away My Pain\\" is a good, emotional ballad, but I think the production weighs it down (cuz it's a great live song). \\"Just Let Me Breathe\\" is a rocker with catchy riffs, but the lyrics are dumb and and it's too long. The best part about it is Sherinian's keyboard solo. Good live song, though. Few people seem to enjoy the ballad \\"Anna Lee\\", but I like it a lot. It's a touching song about child abuse, with a beautiful chorus and a fine main piano melody.<br />I don't enjoy FII as much as I used to, because the songs have more energy live. The album almost feels tired, as if the band was bored while recording it. That missing energy is captured in the live setting though. Still, I regard FII as an fine release from progressive metal's reigning band. But who knows...maybe I'm just more forgiving than other people. All I know is that everyone in Dream Theater is a tremendously gifted musician, and despite the difficulties they made a fine album with Falling Into Infinity.song could have done well on radio. The band would have sold quite a few additional albums if this had been a single release. The chorus' melody is catchy and the lyrics have a good hook or two. The next song, \\"Peruvian Skies\\" compensates for that lapse of mediocrity. It has a Black-era Metallica feel, starting slow, then upping the tempo and rocking through the remainder of the track. \\"Hollow Years\\" is a pretty ballad with classical guitar (hooray!), if slightly repetitive lyrically. \\"Burning My Soul\\" is a tad insipid, with embarrassing lyrics and uninteresting mid-tempo metal. The stunning instrumental \\"Hell's Kitchen\\" serves as more than a lengthy segue into \\"Lines in the Sand\\". It's slow and beautiful, with grandiosity surging with the ending. \\"Take Away My Pain\\" is a good, emotional ballad, but I think the production weighs it down (cuz it's a great live song). \\"Just Let Me Breathe\\" is a rocker with catchy riffs, but the lyrics are dumb and and it's too long. The best part about it is Sherinian's keyboard solo. Good live song, though. Few people seem to enjoy the ballad \\"Anna Lee\\", but I like it a lot. It's a touching song about child abuse, with a beautiful chorus and a fine main piano melody.<br />I don't enjoy FII as much as I used to, because the songs have more energy live. The album almost feels tired, as if the band was bored while recording it. That missing energy is captured in the live setting though. Still, I regard FII as an fine release from progressive metal's reigning band. But who knows...maybe I'm just more forgiving than other people. All I know is that everyone in Dream Theater is a tremendously gifted musician, and despite the difficulties they made a fine album with Falling Into Infinity.
0767812646|3.0|For those of you who read my review on the book, you know that I gave it 4 stars. This is not a substitue for the book. Important characters like Rose Maylie and Monks are deleted; significant information is left out; and some important events are dropped. But if you have already read the book and don't mind some alterations, this is a delightful video. The songs and dances are well done and carry a real charm. In some cases they make the events more memorable. (Like when the Dodger finds Fagin and gives him what little money he has.) Several characters carry more flair in the book. But major characters like the Dodger, Fagin, and Bill Sikes are quite well done. I did not mind the fact that Fagin and the Dodger were spared their tragic fate in the book. This is a well done musical, and it is worth watching.  But if you are looking for what Dickens wrote, you may be disappointed.
B00004SCX6|5.0|This is some of the best &quot;I jumped on my casio keyboard&quot; music I heard in a long time.  I remember some of these songs from many of the Nintendo games of long ago, I think a few tracks on here were from Mario Bros. I believe.  These are just some totally well made block rockin' beats on this cd, pick this up if you are willing to show you have a total lack of musical taste.
B00004YA66|5.0|Frequency, is the best movie of the year 2000, it has everything, lots of action, great perfomances, and it's quite very smart, the only problem is the plot twists and plot holes, but still it's quite an excellent, movie, it's sooooooo great, that i watch it a lot of times on  DVD, and by the way, the DVD edition it's also very cool, the trailer, is very cool, and it's recorded on Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround audio, unlike most trailers on  DVD's, also they are some deleted scenes, and extended scene, such as the one, when there was a Noah Emmerich cameo, and a extended scene when  little Gordo talks to John on the radio, also a behind the scenes documentary, and the DVD-Rom features, are great, they contain the script, the original theatrical website, a &quot;Lord of the Rings&quot; web browser, a playable game demo of &quot;Ground Control&quot;, this is truly a great movie and a great DVD, too bad that there isn't a DTS Digital Surround Sound.
B000028U0Y|5.0|I am impressed beyond words with the character of Mr Johnny Cash (b 1932).  He develops an amiable rapport with the inmates as he sings about love and prison.  Some are serious, but most are fun.  Mr Cash never takes himself too seriously.  During the sentimental &quot;Dark as the Dungeon&quot; someone laughs and he makes a joke of it.  He sings a song written by one of the men, &quot;Greystone Chapel&quot;, introducing it by saying, &quot;Hope I do your song justice.&quot;  As always, Mr Cash has incredible phrasing, Mr. Carl Perkins is everything you would expect from a legend, and Mrs June Carter sings well even though I do detect a bit of anxiety in her voice.  It's understandable to me, as I would not want to be standing on a stage as the only woman in a maximum security prison. My favourite songs are the ones which betray a gallows humour.  &quot;Twenty-five Minutes To Go&quot; is sung tongue-in-cheek.  &quot;Cocaine Blues&quot; is sung with a wink but Mr Cash does manage to slyly send a message.  The last line in the song, &quot;Stay off of that whiskey and let that cocaine be&quot;, has a powerful authenticity when the man speaking nearly lost his life to an addiction to alchohol and amphetamines.  Thanks be to Mrs June Carter for her part in saving this great man's life.  Amid the cheers, this intimate show ends with an announcement over the PA, &quot;Please hold your seats until you are released by the officer.&quot;  If you are interested in powerful perfomances, or in a night of fun, songs sung extremely well, this CD will be interesting to you.
B000058T5E|3.0|I take issue with only 36 min worth of music.  You'd think that the artist and label would do a better job towards providing value.  that said, Jeff does what he does best, which is search for a unique sound with every pick.
6300215717|5.0|Roman Holiday brought a young, bright, immensely appealing Audrey Hepburn to the attention of the public, and we haven't been the same since. As Princess Anya, she combines grace, warmth, a sweet elegance, curiosity, a believable youthful impetuousness, with a regal bearing. <br />Gregory Peck is amusing as a conman/ reporter who's too used to fast-talking his way out of any jam. Eddie Albert adds another jovial touch as  his photographer buddy, who joins Peck and the Princess on a day-long excursion into the real Rome of the early 1950's.  Forget that this movie is in black and white, it's got charm, romance, humor, and a bittersweet romantic ending that left me sighing. Peck's transition from smooth-talking reporter to a man falling in love with the Princess, and &quot;doing right by her&quot; in respecting her privacy and their time together, was credible. How I longed for them to STAY together, after they returned to his apartment, after their eventful night at the dance, near the Castel SantAngelo. <br />And Audrey's transition from overprotected child Princess, to a  woman of substance and depth, and true regal bearing, was breath-taking. <br />Watch this  movie once, then again and again. How perfect for Valentine's Day! How refreshing to watch a &quot;clean&quot; movie with intelligent dialogue, tongue-in-cheek humor, playfulness, and TRUE romance.  It's a keeper!
1573221562|5.0|I loved the time-period this book was written in and the way it was written, from the diaries of both women, kept my attention to the very last page.  When I wasn't reading it, I was thinking about it.  I thought I kind of knew how it might end, but could never have imagine the exact circumstances.  It was so well written, I can't wait to reread it.  I am definitely adding it to my library.
B000002JOF|4.0|This is the only Chris Rea album I have come across which appealed to my Blues tastes. I like the concept of the album together with his singing and guitar. It is an album I can continue play over the years. Yes it has some Mark Knoffler like sounds, but he is good. Check out 'Looking for a Rainbow' and 'That's what they always say' for some great guitar.
1570428654|5.0|This book was so hilarious I listened to it twice, bought a tape for my parents and sister to listen to, then gave my copy to a friend to enjoy.  There were times I laughed so hard that I was as close to crying as I could get...actually, I WAS crying and I think I looked hysterical with grief while listening in my car! I will DEFINITELY order and listen to other books by Mr. Sedaris!
B000002MJ0|5.0|Somehow I stumbled on all the reviews of Loveless and then I worked my way to Isn't Anything and I was surprised that IA recieved only 10% of the reviews that Loveless did.  Isn't Anything is, in my opinion, one of the few perfect records - there's not a trace of filler anywhere, anyone of the songs could have been potential singles.  Kevin was smart, however and chose Feed Me With Your Kiss and that still stands out as one of the strongest singles of all time.  Better than anything off of Loveless.  Loveless is terrific, but it's a bit too polished.  Isn't Anything isn't as sample heavy as Loveless and it benifits from this.  I don't think this is an indie album - may have been recorded under indie circumstances - but this record belongs in every music-lover's stack. .... Trust me - it's worth your cash and time.  Go buy the record.
0345440757|5.0|Being this is our 2nd child, I have read everything out there from the Sears to Ferber to La Leche League publications.  Your's is the ONLY method I feel completely comfortable with.  It makes so much sense...the whole family approach.  <br />My 5 week old was already getting used to breast feeding to go to sleep.   And, she has been vomiting and spitting up constantly with a lot of gas, too.  This past week I thought, &quot;Uh oh...another colicky baby&quot; since she was crying so much and we couldn't get her to stop.  This book made me realize that she probably isn't colicky at all, that I'm probably feeding her too much too often, and missing her cues.  Sure enough, she's now eating about every 3 hours during the day, has a good 5 hour stretch at night, and she's HAPPIER, and NOT throwing up  so much.  Even her gas has been better.<br />Probably the greatest gift Tracy Hogg has given us is the ability to understand our baby, and therefore establish a closer, less stressful relationship with her during this fragile and exhausting time.   And, this book has helped me to become a more confident mommy and person.
B000056VIY|4.0|Ok! So maybe she doesn't have the best vocals in the world but you gotta admit... she really works it on this album! Songs like Play, Love don't cost a thing, Cario and Walk on sunshine achieve their goal which is to entertain and make you wanna sing along! J-Lo never claimed to have a Mariah or Whitney set of pipes, hell, she hasn't even claimed to be in Madonna's league but here she is giving it her all!  Unfortunately, most people don't see beyond the latina actress/ Versace dress/Puffy's girlfriend hype! To reviewers that have rated her poorly, try to be objective... listen to the CD once more, putting all of the tabloid bull aside, and you'll see that J-Lo's music is on a par with other pop confections running around! This CD may not be the greatest one or the most soulful one, but it sure makes you want to dance and is an improvement from her debut album!!  4 out of 5 stars and damn proud of giving the CD that rating!
B00000K19E|5.0|Can't decide whether to buy a DVD player or keep on watching VHS?  Here's the reason. If you don't like the story line, the effects will blow you away.  And with VHS, you don't get to see how they were done - on DVD, you get the &quot;making of&quot; material.
B00004Y6Q5|5.0|Allow me to preface by stating that I have seen movies that were able to elicit a strong reaction from myself...but this...wow.  I can only say that although it's been a couple of months since I've seen Requiem, I still have not been able to shake it from my mind.  The scary part is, that I love it!  As dark and gruesome as the images were, the soundtrack only serves to bolster the dark depravity that Requiem is.  As clever and intelligent as the movie is, the soundtrack is also truly remarkable and powerful.  This is not for everyone....to say that it is dark, is horribly understating the true gravity of the depths of despair you will undoubtedly experience....hopefully from a safe distance!!
0684853523|5.0|On Writing is now my favorite King book! To say this is incredible isn't doing this book justice.  On Writing in set up in three parts. An autoboigraphical section, a section that King tells the secrets and craft to would be writers, and then King talks about his accident.<br />This book works on so many levels, if you like King's works, you'll love this. If you like a biography, this is for you, and if you're a would be writer, King offers his words of wisdom on the craft of writing.  On Writing, has something for everyone.  Trust me.<br />The autobiographical section is wonderful. There was a few parts when I was laughing out loud and other parts I was moved to tears.  King openly talks about his addiction to drugs and alcohol. After reading that part of the book, it's obvious that Tabby saved his life.  I was also touched on how much Stephen and Tabby love each other...she's a major influence in his work. It's also interesting how the reader will get the background and the behind the secnes aspect to his books. A lot of Kings life an be seen in his books throught the symbolism that is in his characters.  Its' incredible....<br />If your a writer, this book is a must for you!!  Stephen King is giving us what it takes to be a good writer. People spend good money to take classes on how to be a good writer...and alls you need is to purchase this book! Even in paperback, what a deal. Stephen King is giving you advise!  As a would be writer I plan to follow what King is telling you. The things that King tell the would be writer, is priceless!  If anybody wants to be a writer, don't enroll in any writing class....buy this book. <br />The last part of the book, King talks about his accident. This part of the book was the hardest for me to read...it's chilling.   My heart sank when King gave the details of his accident.  The pain and suffering that King went through is so sad.  It's amazing that he's still alive.<br />I can't say enough about this book. I encourage everyone to go out and buy this book.  I promise you, you won't be sorry.  On Writing, works on so many levels.  Do yourself a favor, and buy this book.  On Writing is a wonderful book.  Trust me.
B00004YRQA|4.0|I haven't heard about the 3rd party memory cards, but from experience, those will inadvertantly erase your games. Yup, and I'm not kidding, either. Even though most of my cards are 3rd party, I own one of these for my &quot;super important save games...&quot; There's a huge chunk reserved for FFX, XI and XII...<br />So, much like an insurance policy... get this and you won't ever have to worry.
B00000ICD9|5.0|There is such a profound sense of drama, magic and emotion behind the story in &quot;What Dreams May Come,&quot; a film based on the novel by Richard Matheson. There is a strong story with which anyone who loves someone else can identify, as well as an austentatious and elegant scope of visual and auditory imagery that jumps right for your eyes onscreen. Matheson's visions of heaven and hell are magnificently realized here, as well as the love between two people that is unbreakable, even after death. <br />The movie begins with the chance meeting of two American tourists traveling in Switzerland. Soon after, Chris and Annie become inseperable, and after their wedding, they bear two children. Many years later, Ian and Marie are killed in a car collision, leaving their parents distraught yet overcoming. Another couple of years later, Chris dies in a car accident as well, on his way to celebrate the &quot;Double D&quot; anniversary of his wife's emotional recovery from their childrens' deaths. This begins his trip into heaven, which is rocky at first during his attempts to console his living wife, then graduating into his acceptance of his immortality and ascemding into heaven, which turns out to be the creation of his own thoughts and settings. When he realizes that he is not completely happy without Annie, he becomes depressed, so it is no surprise that when Annie commits suicide and is sent to hell, he readies himself to rescue his wife from her emotional confines that keep her in her prison of eternal darkness. <br />The story for this movie is very ambitious, as are the filmmakers who bring it to life. There is an abundance of vivid memories in the form of flashbacks, many of which are precisely used to move the plot along and keep the story moving. Instead of becoming bored with the ongoing story of Annie and Chris's married and parental life, I found myself becoming more and more entranced as their lives unfolded, and say what you will, but the only way to tella story like this is through flashbacks. If you were to take all of the memories and place them in order at the beginning of the movie, the audience would forget about the important moments that have an effects on the actions and events that take place in later instances of the film. Each one is a separate piece of the puzzle, and they all fit together quite well. <br />This film is one of those movies that showcases the possibilities for filmmaking in the future. Really, when you think about it, there is no way that the movie could have been made thirty years ago and still have the same impact as it does now. The settings and scenery play the most important role of the movie, for they provide the reason for the emotion and action that affects our characters. The beginning shots in Switzerland show us beautiful vistas of mountains and lakes, which will later become the inspiration for Chris's heaven, as well as many of the paintings Annie creates. Their home bursts forth with color and brightness, proving that color plays a big role in the film. When everyone is alive, everything seems light and airy. After Chris's death, all is dark, and the walls of the home seem dismal and gray. One scene in particular is a scene in which Chris watches his children being driven away in their van down a long line of lilac trees, a slight fog covering the scene. Their is that brilliance of color, yet the dark fog makes us uneasy, hence the accident that kills their children. <br />Heaven is elegantly portrayed in this film, and is done so with a new twist: that each person has their own private heaven created in the image of their own personal desires and thoughts. Chris's heaven is based on the paintings of his wife, from the mountains of Switzerland to a small island in the middle of a mountain lake with an opulent, airy house. The filmmakers give each scene the precise look of a painting, even after the special effects fade, using vivid colors, lots of flowers and mountainous backdrops, to transport us into Chris's new world. This is one of the most incredible film achievements ever, taking us to a special place that is warm, inviting, and personifies every thought we, as an audience, have ever had for beauty and vision. <br />Hell is given a truly horrifying and intense treatment, displaying visions of suffering as well as the personal and emotional pain of life that haunts us all. Somewhat like the way in which Heaven is created, Hell is seen as a persons's &quot;life gone wrong,&quot; which allows for the creation of their pain-driven eternity. The gateway to hell is a stunning visual image, a vast, smoky graveyard of smoldering shipwrecks that creak and groan. There is also a dismal, endless sea of decrepit faces of hell's inhabitants, that groan and scream at one another. The most striking of all the settings is the overturned cathedral, where Annie resides. The columns rise from the ceiling and go on forever into the darkness, which gives the whole place a sense of the neverending. <br />There is a unique chemistry between the two leads that carries on the film's emotion and power. Robin Williams is charming, humorous and bold as Chris Nielsen, and through his acting and talent, he is able to make us believe in the love that Chris holds for Annie. Annabella Sciorra is moving as Annie, embodying all of the emotions and grief that set the stage for the second half of the story. When the two are together onscreen, they are happy and in love, and we buy it because they make it appear very authentic. Cuba Gooding, Jr. plays the angel that brings Chris to heaven, doing well in his performance of helping Chris through his struggle to realize his death. Max von Sydow, whose part is not as big as others he has had, is the tracker who takes them all to hell, and his words of wisdom keep the film's informative angle moving. <br />&quot;What Dreams May Come&quot; will go down in history as one of the most innovative and spectacular films ever made, full of ambition and inspiration. In its story, we are taken on a journey of the human heart, as well as a striking vision of what may lie in store for everyone under God's eye.
0790729970|4.0|The Mask is a perfect representation of Jim Carrey's typical movie: Undeniably funny, with a fairly well-done plot, and very good (but over-the-top) acting.  Although The Mask doesn't have as much comedy as most of his other films, like Dumb &amp; Dumber, it has one of the best plots you can find in any Carrey movie.  This film also has a great amount of special effects, which do nothing but help.  Along with its special effects and plot, The Mask marks the debut of now incredibly popular Cameron Diaz in a role which suits her well.  Overall, the effects and smart(er) plot of this movie make it a must-see for most any comedy fan.  The only reason for anyone not to see this is the somewhat strong amount on violence included.  But due to the fact that this violence is so far out, it shouldn't be too much of a problem.
B00000J6AG|4.0|I had never heard of Moby. Was sitting in a seedy daquiri bar in New Orleans and heard &quot;Honey&quot;. Made it a point to buy the CD after returning to my normal life in the Midwest. Love the song but love others more... Porcelain, Why does my Heart feel so Bad? This is fun stuff.
6305128952|2.0|I read the book after seeing the movie.  The plot became much clearer after the book.  I didn't mind the length of the movie.  I could have easily watched a longer story.  The casting of Robert and Grace was excellent.  They made the movie.  Redford and Thomas had absolutely no chemistry.  The romance part of the movie was never believable.  In the book there was not a great age difference and it was handled much better.  Annie was never a really likeable character.  Her only redeeming characteristic was her love for her child and that only came out after the accident.  Robert was a much better parent and more likable person.  I could see him taking Grace and Pilgrim to Tom Booker instead of Annie, however, we couldn't have had a love story with the horse whisperer.  The scenery is beautiful and the story is sad, haunting, beautiful, and unforgetable. The book was so much better than the movie
B000002KO3|5.0|This album is one of the first that spear-headed the techno movement in the early 80's.  And though the instrumentals sound alike... it just doesn't matter.  The T-Heads went all out on this album for the sake of expirimentation and exploring new sounds.  This is the genre-manipulating album of the 20th century.  Rock, punk, alt-rock, African, reggae.... it could easily fall under any of those titles.  All this masterful music makes it excusable that the beautifully insane lyrics become lost in it.  Most music experts are quick to declare Remain In Light the best of the Talking Heads discography.  But I beg to differ... yet it remains one of the best albums ever recorded in the history of music in all respects.  Which serves as testimony to the greatness of the Talking Heads.
B000002IZ4|5.0|This album will be reviewed song by song as usual. 10 point scale. 10 = Absolutely amazing, 1 = Banging on a Tin Can<br />Meatplow, 8, Great opener with great guitar riffs and the usual great singing by Scott. Just a classic good song by these guys.<br />Vaseline, 10, Defenetly one of my favorite STP songs that most everybody has heard. Has incredibly great and catchy lyrics that you have to sing to. It also has a really cool unique sound to it that I love.<br />Lounge Fly, 9, A great great power ballad. They used to play the beginning of this song for the intro to TRL but I don't know if they do anymore. Great guitar work.<br />Interstate Love Song, 8, This song is good and catchy and made for the radio. It was as big of a hit as Plush but in my mind doesn't come even come close to comparing in quality.<br />Still Remains, 7, This song is saved by Scott. The guitar riffs in this are rather annoying and don't seem to really go anywhere but Scott's great vocals make this song pretty good.<br />Pretty Penny, 8, Ooo this song is sooooo good. I can't really describe it you have to listen to it, it really is good. Just a perfectly balanced song.<br />Silvergun Superman, 8, Dang another really good song. Great guitar riffs and really good vocals by Scott again. I wish I could describe how good it is.<br />Big Empty, 10, Simply put an absolutely amazing song. I haven't met anyone who doesn't like this song. Soooo catchy. Tiiiiimmmmmmeeeeee to take her home.<br />Unglued, 7,  This song always makes me laugh because of the lyrics. Moderation is masturbation, I think thats what he says. Anyways even though it makes me laugh it's a great song with a great guitar solo in it.<br />Army Ants, 8, A great song with a cool beginning and a great solo in the middle somewhere if I remember correctly. Anywhoo once again a great song.<br />Kitchenware and Candybars, 9,  I'm not really sure where the title comes from this is simply a great song. I love how in the middle it changes from acoustic to electric guitar. OOOO I love it, wonderful song.<br />A score of 8 or better means that a song is great. This album has 9 songs that fit this category and no songs that fall below a score of 7. Simply put there are no bad songs on this album period. This is defenetly one of the Top 10 best albums of all time, along with CORE, also by the Stone Temple Pilots.
0140386335|3.0|If you're like me, you've seen the movie The Neverending Story long ago and loved it, but never bothered with the sequels. Maybe you didn't realize that the movie was based off Michael Ende's novel by the same name, first published in Germany in 1979. The English version hit the United States at the same time as the movie in 1983, the movie overshadowing the book. I choose to read it on a friend's recommendation. So, for a week I was carrying it around with me and while reading at my local caf&eacute;, was approached by two strangers who both asked me the same question: \\"So, what DID Bastian name the Childlike Empress anyway?\\" I smugly told them to go read the book. The movie only portrays a portion of the story, there's so much more adventure to be had in the land Fantastica (or Fantasia, or Fantasiana depending on the translation). The Neverending Story is a book within a book that contains another world, Fantastica. It is the story of a great quest. The Childlike Empress is dying and the mysterious \\"Nothing\\" is rapidly invading Fantastica. Soon there will be nothing left. Atreyu, a young hunter from the Grassy Ocean is chosen to find the savior of Fantastica, the only person who can heal the Empress. With the help of his luck dragon, Falkor, Atreyu discovers that only a child from the Outer World can save Fantasia. Atreyu also learns from the werewolf Gmork the evil significance of the \\"Nothing.&quot;  Bastian Balthazar Bux is a timid boy who has a passion for stories. He steals the Neverending Story and soon learns that this book is special. Hiding out in the cold attic of his school while he reads, Bastian feels a special connection to Atreyu, who endures many hardships on his quest. As he reads on, Bastian is amazed and terrified to discover that he is only person who can save Fantastica from perishing. Once in Fantastica, Bastian is transformed into a handsome prince who's every wish comes true and only Atreyu can save Bastian from forgetting himself forever. The Neverending Story is a perfect bedtime story book for reading out loud to kids. The chapters are short and distinct. Adults too will enjoy the story and although the characterization is shallow, the book is rife with symbolism and vivid accounts of the incomparable uniqueness of Fantastica and its inhabitants. It's a satisfying feast for the imagination. The book themes explore the importance of imagination in our lives as a tool of self-discovery, but also cautions against losing yourself in fantasy.verending Story is a perfect bedtime story book for reading out loud to kids. The chapters are short and distinct. Adults too will enjoy the story and although the characterization is shallow, the book is rife with symbolism and vivid accounts of the incomparable uniqueness of Fantastica and its inhabitants. It's a satisfying feast for the imagination. The book themes explore the importance of imagination in our lives as a tool of self-discovery, but also cautions against losing yourself in fantasy.
B000002LSV|3.0|While this greatest hits collection is a good barometer for their post Deguello radio friendly hits, it does not capture the raw power and emotion of their earlier output that was deeply rooted in pure Texas blues and boogie....So if you are a casual Top fan and enjoy such songs as Legs and Sharp Dressed Man you will enjoy this, but if you are interested in hearing what these Tres Hombres from Houston, Tejas sounded like before they acheived commercial success, check out the greatest hits collection that was released in 1977...you will not be dissapointed
0380788624|1.0|Oh my god... this book is SO boring!  I love Stephenson's writing style, and his witty observations on the world.  But I don't read stories for that.  I read them for an interesting plot and characters.  This book has characters, but no plot.  Can anyone even say what the point is, apart from a few drab men wandering about breaking codes in WWII while in the future another sets up a company laying pipelines?  Is that fun reading?  Whoever finds that enjoyable really needs to get out more, I think.  Either that or I'm just not wild and crazy enough for a book like this.<br />I read 500 pages in hopes that a plot would develop and I would be rewarded at the end.  Alas, I couldn't make it through and began reading a much better book (A Game of Thrones).  Computer geek or not, you need a lot of free time and patience to finish this sleeper.  If you don't have it, please don't bother with this one.
B000002J0P|5.0|Was there ever a more perfect debut album? Has any artist or group of artists ever achieved a more fully realized vision, painted with such clearity and harmony? I dare say this is as close to perfection as anything these ears have ever heard. From the funky organ riff of Marrakesh Express to the tranquil acoustic guitar of Guinnevere.... From the exuberance of You Don't Have To Cry to the plaintiff Lady Of The Island, this album's got it all. After more than thirty years, I still get goose bumps whenever I hear Sweet Judy Blue Eyes or Wooden Ships. They simply don't make 'em like this no more.
0440219078|5.0|This book absolutely blew me away!  Lowry's portrayal of this futuristic utopia is both inviting and chilling.  At the beginning, the easy simplicity of the life led by Jonas and his family seems like the perfect answer to our chaotic lifestyle.  But as Jonas begins to receive the world's memories and to discover that his world is not perfect, &quot;utopia&quot; becomes eerie and even horrifying, as such secrets as the &quot;release&quot; of children are revealed.  The ending, although somewhat predictable, is well suited to the story, and is the only feasable way that Jonas can continue to exist with the knowledge that he possess.  Amazingly well written and a wonderful story!
0385335482|5.0|I loved this book.  It really touches the heartstrings of any woman who really loves to shop.  If you are a person who gets &quot;a little something&quot; every time you have a bad day, make this book your &quot;little something&quot;.  <br />This book was very lighthearted and the main character reminded me of Bridget Jones very much.  She ran into major troubles throughout the book, but was able to overcome all obstacles through her bumbling perserverance.
0156528207|5.0|Despite the fact that I have read this book about ten times, it remains as fresh and as endearing as ever.  The simple fable of an unearthly prince who journeys to the Earth after traveleing to countless other planets has melancholy undertones that make the reader want to laugh at the prince's naive statements, while simultaneously weep over our lost innocence.  With memorable truths such as &quot;To lose a friend is sad; not everyone has had a friend&quot;, this book is a must for anyone who wishes to recapture their childhood, if even for a couple of hours.
0780624890|4.0|This was an excellent action/vampire movie.  The storyline was well written and their seemed to be no problem in putting the storyline on the big screen.  It is not your classic vampire flick and if that is what you are looking for this Blade is not for you.  On the other hand I think you will enjoy this movie.<br />One thing that I found real cool that some of the vampire legends were not true in this movie.  For example, crosses no longer warded off vampires.  Also vampires often made allies of mortals.  This was one aspect I liked about the movie. Another thing I found very enjoyable was that Blade is exhibited to be a ruthless and cold blooded killer when it came to dealing with evil vampires. Yet on the other hand when it came to his friends and allies he was almost the exact opposite.  Snipes, and the creators of this movie did a very good job with displaying these two contradicting personalities in Blade's character.  I see some people commenting that Blade should have tried to save his vampire mother.  However, Blade realized that she was a vampire and that she posed a serious threat.  Because of this, he knew that he needed to take her out, which he did.<br />The fighting scenes were spectacular and for the most part Blade was beating the living crap out of any vampire who dared step in his path, and his skilled use of all his tools and gadjects were very appealing to watch.  However in the last scence blade got beat up pretty bad but he got his revenge later.  In addition to the fight scenes the special effects were done very well, nothing really spectacular, but that is certainly better then over doing it.  one scene that stands out in my mind is the scene were all of the vampires' blood joins and its begining to fall onto Frost's head.  This seems to be a very simple scene but the closeup of the single drop of blood was very pleasing and at the same time erie to watch.  Snipes acting was pretty good, but I think that the best acting in this movie goes to Stephen Dorf his character of Frost was VERY convincing and he himself was probally the scariest part of the movie.<br />There is also an alternate ending which I am VERY glad did not end up in the final cut of the movie.  The final scene in the alternate ending shows Frost actually changing into the blood god  and it was very corny and terribly done.  I am glad they decided to cut that part and im sure you will be glad too.<br />If there was one bad thing about this movie, there were 2 or 3 cheesy one liners that could have been left about the movie.  But, I guess it did add a bit of comic relief.<br />All in all Blade is a very well written and well done movie.  Non-critical veiwers and will enjoy this movie for what it is and will not try to compare Blade's character to other &quot;nicer&quot; superheroes.oes to Stephen Dorf his character of Frost was VERY convincing and he himself was probally the scariest part of the movie.<br />There is also an alternate ending which I am VERY glad did not end up in the final cut of the movie.  The final scene in the alternate ending shows Frost actually changing into the blood god  and it was very corny and terribly done.  I am glad they decided to cut that part and im sure you will be glad too.<br />If there was one bad thing about this movie, there were 2 or 3 cheesy one liners that could have been left about the movie.  But, I guess it did add a bit of comic relief.<br />All in all Blade is a very well written and well done movie.  Non-critical veiwers and will enjoy this movie for what it is and will not try to compare Blade's character to other &quot;nicer&quot; superheroes.
006092988X|5.0|I first read this book as an assignment for my english class, but when i began to get further into it i was unable to drop the book. There were a variaty of themes, one was that you need both dreams and a practicalness to live a sucessful life.
0780626494|4.0|I have now seen this movie 5 times and I enjoy it more each time!  Pure escapism, always leaves me feeling great. Highly recommended for anyone who is sick of shoot-em-up movies and just wants a good laugh.
6303471501|5.0|In the near furture, the high ways of tomorrow are no longer a safe place.  Gangs of bikers and kamikaze lunatics roam the long stretches of road that populate the stretch of land known as the Austrailian outback. Mel Gibson soars as the tough futuristic cop Mad Max in this extreme action thriller that started it all.  Amazing non-computerized stunts make this movie a treat to watch over and over again.  After his wife is brutally murdered by an evil group of bikers, Max sets out on a crazed revenge, earning his heading &quot;Mad&quot;.   Grinding action sequences and Gibson's cool headed attitude make Han Solo look like second hand trash.  Just like what Star Wars did for sci-fi, this movie revolutionized action movies for all time, setting the standard of today.
B000031XCR|5.0|This CD includes so many of Celine Dion's hits. &quot;If You Asked Me To&quot; is one of my favorite songs on the entire album. I also like&quot; My Heart Will Go On&quot;. This is the perfect CD to listen to with your loved one. She has such a great voice.<br />The only two hit songs that were left out of this CD was &quot;Where Does My Heart Beat Now&quot; and &quot;When I Fall In Love&quot;. The exclusion of &quot;Where Does My Heart Beat Now&quot; really surprised me because that was her very first American hit!
B00000JGEH|5.0|Over a period of years I have heard how some people have come to regard the Second Terminator as the better film between the two, but I firmly disagree.  The Terminator is an original work, that represents both the top in action movies and a model for all action movies to follow.  Schwarzenegger puts on an amazing performance as the no-mercy machine sent back into time to kill the leader of the human resistance, setting himself firmly in action movie history.  Other opinions have regarded this movie as being simply violence, but I think that the violence is adequate when comparing it to the plot.  Look, it was the first of its kind, it has great action scenes, can't go wrong there.
B00004U8P9|5.0|Homophobic men should leave this one alone, but anyone with an Open Mind and a Sense of Humor will appreciate the wild &amp; crazy antics of these Invaders from Transexual Transylvania.... In fact, this movie is a cult-classic. See why this low-budget movie has caused flocks of followers and fans to visit unique theaters weekend-after-weekend for decades, not-only to watch this movie...but, to Participate in the film (or, rather, in-front-of the film). I am from a small town where a movie like this would never be shown, but I heard rumors about it, long before I ever saw the movie.... So, I went on a quest to find a copy to rent. Where I live, I could not ever find this Classic. Then, one day I latched onto a copy and I have been a fan, ever-since! That was nearly ten years-ago. I even tried recording it from a VH1 airing (but, it was Edited :(  Now, everyone can own a copy...a brand-new copy that has not been played so many times the scenes are fuzzy! (People become Addicted to the Fun-Filled, Frolicking Adventures of these Androgynous Icons).<br />Anyway...this movie stars TIM CURRY. Need I say more? This guy is Great, in everything that he does (Watch &quot;CLUE&quot;: 6300214699  &amp; &quot;LEGEND&quot;: 1558807381 !!!).  Tim Curry is one of those rare Actors that steals the scenes in every movie he has ever been involved with. Check-out this one, as-well: 6305428077<br />My girlfriend played &quot;Columbia&quot; in the Vogue theater, in Louisville, KY for a while...and a friend of mine once played the &quot;Eddie&quot; (Meatloaf) character--riding his motorcycle down the center aisle during each show...so, I know what I'm talkin' about. This is a movie you will invite your friends over to watch! Again...and again...and again....and (you get the idea). Get your Roll of T.P., Newspaper, Umbrella, Water Pistol, etc. ready and join the adventure! (But, try to keep your friends from riding their motorcycle through your family room).
0790741512|5.0|Mad Max, now a solo ex-cop, wanders the deserts of the post-apocalyptic Australian outback, on a never ending scavenge for fuel.  Eventually stumbling upon a lone settlement, Max is drawn and convinced to help the settlers, who are now being threatened by a gang of conquering lunatics, with their leader Humungus.  A non-stop action movie, with even wilder stunts then the original.  Gibson is incredible again, with his role as Max.  This film in my opinion is a tad bit better then Mad Max because the American version of Mad Max was released with the Austrailian accents removed and retarded American dubbed voices are added in.  Even Mel's voice is removed!  But The Road Warrior brings back some of that good old Austrailian film making.
6305878323|5.0|A wonderful film to keep youngsters enthralled.<br />I only have two gripes. Firstly it seems to be only 5.0 channel, with no Sub woofer output. I am playing it through a Yamaha DVD and receiver. I have noticed I am not the first to report this. I have not tried Dolby surround as the other reviewer suggested.<br />Secondly, the disc - at least the one available in Australia (zone 4)- is only single layered, requiring it to be flipped halfway through. A small gripe, but annoying when you want the children to watch while you get on with other chores. (And I would have thought unnecessary given other old Disney re-released (Robin hood for example) are dual layered.)<br />Still worth the purchase.
B00003CXP1|5.0|After seeing just about every drug genre movie created, I have finally found one that does reality justice.  Gone are the days of candy coating or glamorizing heroin.  In this often uncomfortable and raw story, you fall in love with each of the characters, but you then have to experience their painful breakdowns. Ellen Burstyn gives the best performance of her career, and I give her credit for even attempting such a stressful and radical role.  Jared Leto is cherubic, an incarnation of the fallen angel, and even Marlon Wayans must get respect for breaking away from WB comedy.  Jennifer Connelly's performance truly hit at a woman's vulnerability, with her big eyes full of tears. This carefully selected cast made REQUIEM a must see.  Like BOYS DON'T CRY, this is one of those movies that should be seen at least once, and i can guarantee it will linger.
0553106635|5.0|I first start this review with the statement I might learn to hate George R.R.Martin! Why? you may ask because he gets us hooked on his drug, A his saga of A Song of Ice and Fire and now when you finished the last page; a terrible realization hits you.You won't be reading another book in the series for at least a year in a half and now you must suffer through less authors like Jordan.Now I've gotten that off my chest here is my review. Martin has transport us back to Seven Kingdoms, a beautiful land torn with brutal warfare, sinister intrigues and terrible dark magic.Three kings still struggle for power: King Joffey, a spoil and cruel boy who holds the irone throne, King Robb of the north and King Stannis.All scheming and struggles for power will come to naught because barbaric wildings are planning to overrun the kingdom and most terrifying of all a army of the undead are poised to invade the Seven Kingdoms and nothing can stop them! You will watch in awe as Martin's plot twists in every conceible direction as characters you hate like Jaime Lannister and clegane nicknamed the hound find unexpected nobility.Martin has the ability to shock with violent deaths of beloved characters and he knows how to described a battle scene in a cinematic quality.This novel is what I describe is realistic epic fantasy, in that take away the magic from in and you have easily had real medieval history with tangled politics, bloody battles and people who are neither good or evil but are trying to survive.The lyrical prose of the novel heightens the tension and atmosphere.So pick up this book and return to the place of dark magic and darker deeds where noble imp Tywin Lannister battles his corrupt family for survival, and brave jon Snow goes uncover to the wildings and lose his heart and his innocence and treachery can come from the most happiest of places and of chilling revenge.
0345440757|2.0|I too got suckered in by the Dateline piece and bought this book.  I am still breastfeeding my 10 month old and was shocked at some of the poor advice given.  Demand feeding is not &quot;bad&quot; and is in fact necessary for your body to produce adequate amounts of milk.  I do agree with her advice on finding a mentor and allowing others to help with a bottle when you are at your wits end. <br />As for the 3 day miracle--even in her book she says that won't work for the older baby.  Although her pitch while running the talk show circuit has been she can &quot;cure&quot; any baby in just 3 days.  There is some solid advice in there but the book is geared toward expectant parents. It tells you how to parent from the beginning.  If you pick up this book even one day after the babe is born you have already instilled &quot;bad&quot; habits.  <br />Take the advice with a grain of salt and like all those baby books out there glean what is meaningful for you and your family out of each one.....there is no magical equation or  answer...only you know what that is not Tracy Hogg.
B00004XOWM|1.0|I would like to give praise to my friend Aaron's insightful review of Limpbizkit's brand, spanking new piece of filth and Fred Durst has dubbed &quot;Chocolate Starfish and the Hotdog Flavored Water. Indeed, after listening to every song on this album, did I agree that a good, old fashioned kick to the love rocket is more enjoyable than this waste of good plastic, hell at least you feel something for god's sake! Back in 1998, I happened to catch Fred and the band thrashing it out on the Fashionably Loud portion of MTV's Spring Break. Well, that did it. The next day, everyone was buzzing about this hard new band. In May, of 1999. I purchased Three Dollar Bill Y'all, nothing special, but pretty good nonetheless. And there you have it, I was a full-fledged Limpbizkit fan, as was everyone else. And then, in July of 1999, Significant Other came out. I rushed to Target and bought it, only to discover... The Bizkit had been broken. What the hell was this!? Fred had even stopped screaming! And started devoting his time to pathetic attempts at rapping and crooning! Screw that I said, I didn't even take the time to sell the cd, I gave it to my cousin for free, and I don't doubt for a minute that she threw it out the window upon returning home. After Significant Other hit the charts, Limp was awarded with praise, so much praise in fact, that later on, he would named the Vice President of Interscope! Hmmm. So let me get this straight... if I write a bunch of idiotic lyrics and set it to equally bad music, I could become one of the head honcho of a major record label without any previous experience? WHERE DO I SIGN UP?!!! With that, Fred became immersed in a major ego trip, a trip that to this day, he is still on. Insulting bands that he feels to be inferior but aren't, like Creed, Taproot, and Nine Inch Nails, the latter I have been a fan of for a long time and threatening bands that don't sign with him. Screw Fred! And screw this piece of crap! You might as well hide a mike ina middle school bathroom if you want lyricism Fred! Marvel at his maturity as his spits out insults and the F-Word at the same time in HOT DOG! OOH AHH! Fred basically repeats the same thing in every song. The whole album can be summed up with these words, &quot;Dont f**k with me, I am the s**t, I didn't get enough love as a kid please give me some attention, I couldn't get chicks until I became famous and when I do get chicks I treat them like garbage, I dumped Carmen Electra I AM SMART! WOW!, I sure do wish I was black&quot;, and &quot;Nasal voices sell!&quot; There, I just saved you $15.00. You can thank me later dog. Buy something good like the Deftones or Tool, how about some Cake or some AC/DC? Anything but this, now if you'll excuse me, I have to search for Fred, so I can make him eat this cd.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I would just like to say that this album is the best and i can listen to it over and over again without getting bored of it.  Savage Garden are a brilliant band and don't get the recognition that they deserve. I saw there concert in London in December and they were excellent! This album is definitely a must for all fans and each song has its own meaning. Each individual song has brilliant lyrics and excellent music for each. Well Done Darren and Daniel!!!
B00004X0Q0|4.0|After the college radio success of &quot;One Armed Scissor&quot;, many of the fiery, intense, rock assualts on At The Drive In's latest release will sound familear to listeners.  The band captures the fierce bombast of Rage Against The Machine and the electric volitility of Sonic Youth, and infuses these sounds with real gut wrenching, melodic, emotional delivery-generally devoid of political preaching.    While the punk and indie rock labels do fit a number of the songs on this record, they just dont' stick.  A look beneath the surface will show much more than the basic 3 chord/scream your head off patern.  Songs such as &quot;Invalid Litter Dept&quot; and &quot;Quarantined&quot; will simply stun you with thier more focused compostion and fine crafted songwritting.  There's definetly more here than meets the eye.    The record has a real metamorphic quality as the band shifts through various sounds and textures.  Hints of Radiohead, Black Sabbath, U2, the Deftones, the Police, and the Clash can be heard throughout the record.  The entire listen flows with a real sense of honesty though as the band pulls off these various diversions.  Their approuch is sincere and without pretense as they churns out their tight, explosive, thought provocing sound that will captivate you with its sense of urgency.    At The Drive In proves that music can be intelligent, emotional, and earnest, while still being able to blow out a few of your speakers.  This band is still evolving though.  I think that it is safe to say that this great album may yet be eclipsed by future releases.  Top cuts include: Arc Arsenal, One Armed Scissor, Invalid Litter Dept., and Cosmonaut.
B00004ZD69|4.0|If you are a poet, like myself, this is the perfect album to listen to while you write.  Godspeed You Black Emperor!  What an unusual band name --and what an unusual album title!  Don't let the strange titles fool you, this is a wonderful album.  Spanning two discs, the album is divided into 4 main parts: Storm, Static, Sleep, and Lift Your Skinny Fists.  The only way I can describe the sound is...modern classical music.  Does that make sense?  Much of the album has a very classical feel, but with a very modern &quot;space rock&quot; band mixed in.   This is an album to sit back to and relax.  A peaceful, mysterious feel that warrants the album's title.
B000001EGE|5.0|Without this album there would be no Fiona Apple, Ben Folds Five or Tori Amos. The title says it all. This is as good, pure and unadulterated as Elton John gets. From the honky tonk old-west saloon feel of &quot;Honky Cat&quot; and the tongue-in-cheek &quot;I Think I'm Going To Kill Myself&quot;, Elton is at his most unpretentious and charming. The hits were &quot;Rocket Man&quot; and &quot;Honky Cat&quot; but the hidden gems are &quot;Hercules&quot; and &quot;Mellow&quot;. This is the album where Elton finally pulled it all together and is his first truly great effort from start to finish.
0688002307|4.0|When I read this book the first time I had several misconceptions about it.<br />My first was that it is a motorcycle travel recount.  It isn't.  Yes, it has some elements of description how the author rides  with his son and two friends through the states.  But this serves  only to give a frame, a context.<br />My second was that I thought it is a philosophical piece.  No, it  isn't.  Sure, the author deals with philosophical questions.  And  it is really entertaining and quite learning to experience the  original notions of some concepts as intended by their inventors  Plato, Socrates, and some others.  Then there is this crazy idea  of overcoming a perceived dichotomy between aesthetics and  technics by the author.  Which is interesting, but the proposed  solution is quaint at best.  And my personal opinion about that  one is that everyone should find for himself the solution for  this &quot;problem&quot;.<br />No, what makes this book so interesting is that the author  describes a transformation of himself.  With words and phrases  quite common to the western world.  One could almost say that he  conquers himself.  It is believable and sometimes shocking what  he reveals.  It has nothing to do with Zen whatsoever.  I read a  bit about Zen, and to be quite frank, the idea of Zen sounds ridiculous to me.  Again the title  might confuse the buyer of the book.  Luckily the book was recommended to me by a former  teacher and when I finally got the chance to read it, I did.  I  read the german translation, which is quite good, albeit has some  flaws.  And I read this edition, which is better, because the  author explains some things which might have gone unnoticed  otherwise.<br />And I'm thankful for that.
B00004YA66|5.0|Frequency Grabs hold of you from start to finish and never lets go even after you've turned off the T.V. .  Frequency has something that is so subtle and heartwarming, that it puts itself in line with some of the great movies of the past. I even wonder how I let myself miss it at the theatres. Luckily I have Finally seen the most Underated movie of 2000. It's a pity that it hasn't been noticed or even thought of for an Oscar hunt.       Frequency really makes you think about the past and the future, and what someone could do to change or alter them both.  I read the back of the box recently and it puts it plain and simple, It reads &quot; What if you could reach back into time and change the one event that forever altered your life? Would you do it? And what would it be?&quot;  The movie starts with (Dennis Quaids) character (Frank Sullivan) performing a heroic yet almost tragic rescue. Frank is a Fireman in Queens NY with a wife and son. The movie than shoots to the Future as Franks son John Sullivan (Jim Caviezel) is 30 years older living in his childhood home. He find that he has some of his Dads old things, which bring to pass that we find out his father died in a fire when he was six. A scientific phenomenon opens a channel to the past for John.....30 years exactly. Shocked to find that he can communicate through an old Hamm radio his dad had to the past, John is able to change an event that alters other events. The communication from the two leads to solving past murders and attempting to set the future different and for the better.         Thrilling and Suspensful yet still able to make even the toughest Sons and Dads jerk a few tears. Frequency will make you think about your own life and what things of the past might you do different if you only new better from the future.          Best Picture Calibur Movie, and Great Performances by Quaid and Caviezel.         The Dvd extras on this New Line Platinum series will put shame to other extras. Great commentaryand added features. DD 5.1 with the anamorphic display really capture the movies intent well for anyone like myself who missed it in the theatres.
B00004XQ83|5.0|HELP!  I can't stop singing these songs!!!  Seriously, this is a thoroughly delightful album. Fun. Genuine. I daresay it's downright Bonifide. The movie is now one of my favorite movies and this album is now one of my favorite albums. Well done Grand Master Burnett and co.
B00004YA66|5.0|Frequency Grabs hold of you from start to finish and never lets go even after you've turned off the T.V. .  Frequency has something that is so subtle and heartwarming, that it puts itself in line with some of the great movies of the past. I even wonder how I let myself miss it at the theatres. Luckily I have Finally seen the most Underated movie of 2000. It's a pity that it hasn't been noticed or even thought of for an Oscar hunt.       Frequency really makes you think about the past and the future, and what someone could do to change or alter them both.  I read the back of the box recently and it puts it plain and simple, It reads &quot; What if you could reach back into time and change the one event that forever altered your life? Would you do it? And what would it be?&quot;  The movie starts with (Dennis Quaids) character (Frank Sullivan) performing a heroic yet almost tragic rescue. Frank is a Fireman in Queens NY with a wife and son. The movie than shoots to the Future as Franks son John Sullivan (Jim Caviezel) is 30 years older living in his childhood home. He find that he has some of his Dads old things, which bring to pass that we find out his father died in a fire when he was six. A scientific phenomenon opens a channel to the past for John.....30 years exactly. Shocked to find that he can communicate through an old Hamm radio his dad had to the past, John is able to change an event that alters other events. The communication from the two leads to solving past murders and attempting to set the future different and for the better.         Thrilling and Suspensful yet still able to make even the toughest Sons and Dads jerk a few tears. Frequency will make you think about your own life and what things of the past might you do different if you only new better from the future.          Best Picture Calibur Movie, and Great Performances by Quaid and Caviezel.         The Dvd extras on this New Line Platinum series will put shame to other extras. Great commentaryand added features. DD 5.1 with the anamorphic display really capture the movies intent well for anyone like myself who missed it in the theatres.
B000055ZB8|5.0|Having seen the marvelous &quot;Shadow of the Vampire&quot; a few nights ago, I went home and watched the Image DVD of F.W. Murnau's classic &quot;Nosferatu&quot;. Ever wake up from a nightmare with the feeling that you were suffocating? Well, I have that feeling when I watch &quot;Nosferatu&quot;. The film is not without its &quot;shocks&quot;, such as the scene when Orlock rises up from his coffin aboard the doomed ship, like an erect, diseased male organ, but its power is in its overall creepy, almost stifling sense of doom. The camerawork is remarkable, free of the staginess that would undermine Tod Browning's &quot;Dracula&quot; ten years later. The staginess of Browning's film may have been due to the problems with early sound film, as well as laziness on Browning's part, where the film looks like &quot;a filmed play&quot;, with the exception of the remarkable first scenes in Transylvania. But, back to &quot;Nosferatu&quot;. The print quality is excellent, considering the fact that this film is 80 years old, and the organ score contributes to the nightmare on the screen. My only complaint about &quot;Nosferatu&quot; is the ridiculous overacting, but hey, this IS a silent film. And now, I have to put my own &quot;spin&quot; on the classic image of Max Schreck as Count Orlock. When something is created that is so incredibly frightening, it becomes a &quot;classic image&quot;.  Count Orlock looks like an incredibly thin, two-legged rat. Thomas Kuntz, a brilliant sculptor and model-kit designer, whose figure of Count Orlock is a masterpiece, says, &quot;He puts the RAT in Nosferatu&quot;. Byron couldn't have said it more eloquently!
014017821X|5.0|&quot;The Bloody Chamber&quot; is a work of literature which transcends genre and unearths the thinly veiled erotic elements of the fairy tale form.  Each of the ten stories in this collection are as rich and sensuous as red velvet, it is quite possible to open the book at any page and find yourself immersed in the beauty of the prose.  Highlights include the eponymous novella &quot;The Bloody Chamber&quot; (Carter's subversive re-telling of the &quot;Bluebeard&quot; story) and &quot;The Lady of the House of Love&quot;, which illuminates the notion of a decaying European aristocracy behind the myth of the vampire.<br />Carter presents us with two contrasting (yet not conflicting) versions of the &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot; story with &quot;The Courtship of Mr Lyon&quot; and &quot;The Tiger's Bride&quot;.  In the former, the fierce nature of the beast is curbed by the gentleness of the female protagonist, whilst in the latter, the heroine discovers the liberating power of the repressed animal aspect of her sexuality.  Each story has a feminist flavour, exploring both male and female sexual desire, and the darker domains of eroticism.  A book which will increasingly be hailed as a masterpiece in years to come.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Creed is the most awesome band. Every single song on this CD is awesome! When I heard the song higher for the first time I went and bought the CD and expected nothing else good on the CD. But I loved the lyrics. And the guitarest Mark Tromonti Knows how to play. He writes riffs that have depth. And about 1,000 per song! He's not one of those people that play 2 riffs through the whole song. It's good stuff!  The only thing I didn't like was the fact that the drums were too slow. Not to say He isn't good, I'm positive he COULD play fast. But then creed would not be creed. Unfortuneatly The bassist has left the band. So I won't talk about him. As for Scott Stapp  I don't really listen to the vocals a whole lot because I am not really interested in them. But I can tell you Scott Stapp is a very good singer. Bottom line  BUY THIS ALBUM, AND DON'T LISTEN TO WHAT THE PEOPLE UNDER ME SAY!
B000002UAR|5.0|Who can say what's best?  Art is and always will be subjective.  It's strictly a matter of opinion, but music critics generally rate Revolver the best of the great Beatles albums and therefore, it must be considered one of the greatest of the rock era.  <br />I've been a student of and fan of the Beatles for longer than I care to admit, but I'd rate this one as their best.  Certainly, it showed John Lennon at the creative peak of a legendary career.<br />This isn't a concept album, like Pepper, but the songs meld together very nicely and are generally superior to Pepper (w/ the notable exception of Day in the Life, which is probably the best thing the Beatles ever did in a studio).<br />Let's look at the tunes 1 by 1.<br />Taxman:  What an awesome way to start an album, w/ Lennon's throaty 1 2 3, the catchy guitar and Harrison's (w/ considerable help from Lennon) acerbic lyrics directed at the crippling British tax system of the time.  The guitar riff is excellent and the backup vocals are very strong (how can you miss w/ Lennon/McCartney singing back-up?)<br />Eleanor Rigby:  Groundbreaking w/ the use of symphonic  instrumentation.  A haunting tune. Sort of a precursor to the somewhat spiritual sounding Let it Be.  Masterfully produced by George Martin. Ahead of its time.  Beautiful.<br />I'm Only Sleeping:  Waaaaaay ahead of its time.  This is the first time we hear real psychadelia from the Beatles.  A dreamy, surreal work of genius that only Lennon could right.  The grandfather of the beautiful, dreamy #9 Dream.  <br />Love You To:  I'm not a big fan of the Indian stuff, but the Sitar is catchy and Harrison doesn't embarrass himself on the vocals.  A serviceable tune that fits in well here.<br />Here, There and Everywhere:  One of the most beautiful ballads of the rock era.  Lennon called it his all-time favorite Beatles song.  It's simply a gorgeous McCartney ballad.<br />Yellow Submarine:  Written by Lennon, sung by Ringo, a fun tune w/ Lennon performing all sorts of magic w/ backing sounds, voices.  Mostly a Lennon song, but Ringo's voice is out front. Fine.<br />She Said She Said:  An interesting Lennon rocker w/ powerful Harrison guitar work.  Another foray into the psychadelic, but call this psychadelia light.  A mix of a strong rocker w/ psychadelia.<br />Good Day Sunshine:  Harmless, upbeat McCartney ballad/rocker.  Fun tune, but nothing special.<br />And Your Bird Sing:  Very clever lyrics by the Beatles best lyricist, JW Lennon.  An infectious song, another lower case psychadelic tune.  Catchy melody.  Brilliant.<br />For No One:  A pretty McCartney ballad.  Fits in well.<br />Dr. Robert: Lennon's tribute to a pill pushing NY Doctor.  Catchy beat and, of course, very clever lyrics.<br />I Want to Tell You:  See Love You To.  Fits in well, but forgettable.<br />Got to Get You Into My Life:  A finger snapping, toe tapping very upbeat McCartney rocker.  Excellent middle of the road rock number, a very strong McCartney composition of this genre, which hardly prepares the listener for what follows....<br />Tomorrow Never Knows:  Mind-blowing!  Psychadelia w/ a very large P.  Where else could this song have come from, but the very fertile imagination of Mr. Lennon.  The song uses all sorts of crazy studio techniques (records being played backward, who knows what else).  The song progresses on 1 note and leaves you scratching your head, but you know that only a genius could've done this one.  What a way to end a landmark album!
B00004RFCM|5.0|Someobody's gotta tell me when Season 2 and 3 come out. Also, does anybody know where to buy the Rabbitt???
B00003CXFG|4.0|There's been a dearth of good dark sci-fi horror since the Aliens series petered out (and that happened long before &quot;Resurrection.&quot; It's good to see some quality entries into the genre of late, and thanks to the genius of David Twohy, this movie more than fits the bill. Vin Diesel makes a tremendous leading man, with more bravado than Arnie could possibly muster at this point in his career. Radha Mitchell as the guilt-ridden pilot manages very little in the way of character development - all we know is that she's moody. The rest of the cast tends to be forgettable fodder for the indescribably cool beasties that cover the planet they're stranded on. If you like unique views of the future, this is right up there with &quot;The Fifth Element&quot; and any of the Weaver features.
6305428387|5.0|Can somebody please tell me where the button for 6 stars is???  This is by far one of the funniest movies ever---I'd say it deserves AT LEAST 6 Stars, don't you?
B00003CXPD|5.0|This simply ranks for me to be one of the best movies put out in 2000!  Jamie Bell is to be commended for his extremely fine character portrayal of Billy Elliot.  This is the first movie I've seen that actually uses manages to use dance as a dialogue.  The scene of Billy showing his father JUST how adept he is at dancing while displaying a completely hardened look on his face in defiance of his father is worth the price of seeing the film in itself!  It's a great tale of trial and triumph and it is simply NOT to be missed!
0767824571|5.0|This is the funniest movie EVER. Period. You can't argue. This is Monty Python at its best, and the funny parts never seem to cease. If nothing else, buy it for The Tale of Sir Robin, which has the best song in the movie... Bravely, bold Sir Robin Rode forth from Camelot He was not afraid to die Oh, brave Sir Robin! He was not at all afraid To be killed in nasty ways Brave, brave, brave, brave Sir Robin He was not in the least bit scared To be mashed into a pulp Or to have his eyes gouged out And his elbows broken To have his kneecaps split And his body burned away And his limbs all hacked and mangled Brave Sir Robin Etc. Buy it! You won't regret it!...
0440213525|4.0|This is a very good book that will keep your attention.  If your a fan or Drama Law Mysteries then this has to be added to your list of books.
B000001ZS4|5.0|Not only is it one of the coolest, slickest pieces of music I own, it has a fantastic cover. The image is stereoscopic! Relax your eyes like you do for those Magic Eye images and the crowd on the cover has depth, getting further away towards the top. Absolute sonic perfection, I could not even think of one note to add, subtract or change to make this album better.
0684853523|5.0|This is my third King book to read and I think he is the best of all the writers I have read.  Unfortunately, I don't particularly enjoy his genre, but King is the best at writing believable characters and making you feel part of the story.<br />The first part of this book, the autobiography, read just like one of his novels.  I kept waiting for something sinister or crazy to happen, then I had to remind myself that this was a true story, not fiction.<br />Many people who buy this book are going to do so because they havve some sort of aspirations to be a writer.  The point I took from this book is that there are no magic secrets to writing, you just have to sit down and do it.  More time you spend trying to figure out how to write, the less time you will spend writing.  King gives a few valuable pointers on editing and structure.  His advice on not plotting, just starting with a situation and going from there might not be for everybody, but it makes sense.  King's inspirational advice says to just write for yourself, not for anyone else, and see what happens from there.<br />I definitely reccommend this book to any wanna-be writer or King fan.
0385486804|4.0|Into the Wild is an excellent book which is written very creatively by Jon Krakauer. Jon Krakauer does a great job of portraying Chris McCandless's life and relating the lives of other adventurer's like Chris to his life, giving the reader a better understanding of such a strange and bizarre life Chris decieded to live. I really enjoyed reading this book because it is written very differently and is an interesting story. Not only is Chris McCandless's story an interesting story but all the lives of the other characters the author relates his life to are just as interesting enhancing the book greatly. It is exciting to read and makes you really want to keep reading all the way through. I recommend this book for any type of reader, because anyone will enjoy reading about the interesting life Chris and other characters deciede to live.
B00005214X|5.0|At last, All Things Must Past is now reissued with a cleaner sound. I have been waiting for this event since 1987. While Harrison solo work has been spotty at best, ATMP is his masterpiece. Ok, I agree with most of the reviews so I will not keep echoing what has been said. I will like to make a comment about the sleevs that contain the two CD, which one reviewer noted about how tight they seem to fit around the CD edges. That is the only flow in this reissued, Anyone who remembers the re-release of Paul McCartney and Wings Band on the Run can recall it also come with the same type of box that ATMP comes. But with the wings release, instead of the tight sleaves, it had the slots that hold the cd in place, much like the traditional jewel box. I wish the same could have been done with ATMP. I will not trust the sleeves. Since I had already own ATMP on CD before this new reissue one came out, I will use my jewle boxes from old one to store the new CDs and my old copies of the CDs will go in the tight sleevs since I will not be pulling them out any more for use. If you don't own a copy of the Old ATMP, I would suggest that it may be a good idea to find two jewel boxes, or perhaps a double that holds two CD, and protect your investment so you could pass this grand recording down to your grandchildren. By the way, If you wish to here more of Harrisons recordings, I would Suggest 33 and One Third, Cloud Nine, and The Best of the Dark Horse Years. The later one has three outsanding track he recorded specaly for this collection. Only one problem with finding these recordings, they are out of print so you may need to look for them in the use CD selection. Good Luck
B0000025KI|5.0|Well....lets get this out of they way....I am a big Springsteen fan.  Ok....Huge.... This disc gives you the best of both worlds.  I totally disagree with the previous review that stated &quot;and left the rest(Two Hearts, Drive All Night(9 minutes of painful moaning), Wreck On The Highway, Stolen Car)on the cutting room&quot;  Particularly the last two....Stolen Car and Wreck on the Highway.  These songs are Bruce.  There are songs on here that will appeal to people who had never heard of Bruce before Born in the USA (mostly side 1), as well as songs for people who think its a sin not to have Born To Run, Darkness, and Nebreska in the CD player at all times.  This album is really a transition album...for the old bruce to the new bruce.  It is the gateway to his born in the USA fame.  You would think that it was its predeccessor, but Nebraska was.  Which is about as far away from &quot;Born In The USA&quot; as an album possibly could be...it is very refelctive on the second half of disc 2.  Whether you think Dancing In The Dark is his best song, or Thunder Road is the Gossepel, there is something on this disk for both of you.
B00003CXBK|5.0|&quot;Princess Mononoke&quot; was recommended by a friend at college, a fellow Anime fan. From the get-go, this had all the marks of a high-quality, entertaining movie. The animation quality is among the best I have seen, the sound is excellent, and the voice acting is top-notch (being a die-hard, I watched it in Japanese w/ subs).<br />There are a lot of themes in this movie taken directly from Japanese mythology and tradition, and I knew going in that I had to watch with an open mind. Throughout the movie, there are strong natural conservation and &quot;girl power&quot; themes, but they're incorporated into the plot nicely and don't take away from the story. I know in some movies, such themes can be overpowering and obnoxious, but not in &quot;Mononoke.&quot;<br />IMHO, there's enough action and enough drama to keep everyone happy, with the occasional comic relief that lightens the mood. I sincerely enjoyed the picture, and if this review perks your interest even slightly, I'd recommend you get a hold of a copy and get some popcorn ready.
B00003CWTI|4.0|*As with all of my DVD reviews, I do not review the quality of the movie but the quality of the DVD*<br />If you like the movie, you'll love most of the DVD. Then you'll probably be left scratching your head over why there is no commentary track. This is tragic, because the Boogie Nights commentary was so good. All of the other features are of high quality, especially the documentary, which is superb and long. Sound and picture are very good.<br />ac
6305076995|2.0|&quot;Yessongs&quot; is basically a very poor film of a great band in a good concert.  If you are a Yes fan, you will probably want to view &quot;Yessongs,&quot; especially if you never saw the band live.  I saw the band live about 5 years after this concert was filmed, and not much had changed.  More of a light show, more keyboards for Wakeman, more great tunes, but basically the show was unchanged.  <br />&quot;Yessongs&quot; opens up with (a somewhat slower version than the studio version of) &quot;I've Seen All Good People.&quot;  It's a good start to the concert, featuring the skills of all of the members.  Jon Anderson's unique voice, although not captured as well here as on any of their albums, comes through as well as the sound quality will allow.  Chris Squire's bass work and vocals show why he was an integral part of the group.  Wakeman has a few good moments, but mostly is hidden behind his huge sequined cape.  The show really belongs to Steve Howe and his incredible guitar work.  Especially during the first half of the concert, Howe is the primary focus.  Here we see one of the most talented and overlooked guitarists of the 1970's.  Most of the music itself is very good, except for the &quot;Wives of Henry VIII&quot; which is all Wakeman.  Part of what made Yes great was the uniqueness of their sound, the feeling that they were playing music from another world.  The sounds were great, but they were ahead of where the video/audio technology was at that time.  In the year 2001, we are used to well-produced video, great effects, and digital audio.  Unfortunately, none of these elements are present in &quot;Yessongs.&quot;  I would really like to find out if the band was filmed in their later years with a better video/audio set-up.  Until then, the best way to experience Yes is to put on one of their CD's, sit back, and close your eyes...
B00003W8NM|5.0|*As with all my DVD reviews, I do not review the quality of the movie, but the quality of the DVD*<br />The Fight Club movie is good. The Fight Club DVD is better. Sound &amp; picture are excellent, but that's to be expected. What makes the DVD special is all the additional features that make you enjoy the movie even more. This DVD does what DVD's should: give you an in-depth look at the filmmaking process. It also makes good use of the angle and audio button on you remote, (yes, those two - the ones that were collecting dust) giving you shots of scenes from all possible angles. The commentary tracks (plural!!) are good, but my one beef is that some seem spliced together, creating a weird listening experience. All other features, notably the public service announcments, are very good. Worth the purchase.<br />ac
0790743523|5.0|\\"The Treasure of the Sierra Madre\\" won Oscars for best director (John Huston), best supporting actor (Walter Huston) and best screenplay (John Huston). The film was also nominated for best picture but unfortunately lost out to Laurence Olivier's \\"Hamlet\\". This was yet another marvellous performance by Humphrey Bogart in a difficult role and proves once again what an outstanding actor he can be when given the right material.<br /><br />Fred C. Dobbs (Humphrey Bogart) and Bob Curtin (Tim Holt) are two Americans down on their luck in Tampico, Mexico, who manage to acquire a temporary job working for Pat McCormick (Barton MacLaine) but don't get paid for their efforts as McCormick does a disappearing act with the money. Dobbs and Curtin catch up with him later in a bar and after coming to blows manage to get the money that was owed to them. A young Mexican boy (Robert Blake) approaches Dobbs who reluctantly buys a lottery ticket from him. Dobbs and Curtin spend the night in a flop house where they meet Howard (Walter Huston), a grizzled old timer who tells them stories of the times he went prospecting for gold in the mountains. They are both fascinated by Howard's stories but don't have the necessary funds to purchase the equipment they would need to look for gold. Next day the young Mexican boy comes to find Dobbs to tell him that his ticket has won some money in the lottery. It is not a fortune but enough to invest in some tools and equipment so that Curtin and Dobbs can team up with Howard to search for gold in the Sierra Madre mountains. Greed and distrust inevitably take hold of Dobbs and he gets increasingly suspicious of his two companions and becomes more and more paranoid as the days go by. He is sure that they want to steal his share of the gold which is just not so. A group of bandits led by Gold Hat (Alfonso Bedoya) come across their camp and try to rob them of the gold but with the help of James Cody (Bruce Bennett) they manage to fight them off.<br /><br />Some favourite lines from the film:<br /><br />Humphrey Bogart (to John Huston): \\"Hey, mister, will you stake a fellow American to a meal?\\".<br /><br />Alfonso Bedoya (to Bogart): \\"Badges? We ain't got no badges. We don't need no badges. I don't have to show you any stinking badges\\".<br /><br />Bogart (to Tim Holt): \\"Fred C. Dobbs don't say nothing he don't mean\\".<br /><br />Writer/director John Huston played a cameo role at the start of the film as an American tourist (\\"White Suit\\") who Bogart approaches for money (three times!). Robert Blake was the small boy who sold Bogart the winning lottery ticket. Blake later went on to appear in many feature films such as \\"In Cold Blood\\", \\"Electra Glide in Blue\\", \\"Tell Them Willie Boy is Here\\", and also starred in the TV seies \\"Baretta\\".<br /><br />This was a superlative performance by Humphrey Bogart - one of his best - and completely different to his smooth portrayal of Rick in \\"Casablanca\\". His character of Fred C. Dobbs was shifty and devious verging on paranoia and madness. The film has now rightly become a classic and is much admired by \\"movie buffs\\".br />Some favourite lines from the film: <br /> <br />Humphrey Bogart (to John Huston): \\"Hey, mister, will you stake a fellow American to a meal?\\". <br /> <br />Alfonso Bedoya (to Bogart): \\"Badges? We ain't got no badges. We don't need no badges. I don't have to show you any stinking badges\\". <br /> <br />Bogart (to Tim Holt): \\"Fred C. Dobbs don't say nothing he don't mean\\". <br /> <br />Writer/director John Huston played a cameo role at the start of the film as an American tourist (\\"White Suit\\") who Bogart approaches for money (three times!). Robert Blake was the small boy who sold Bogart the winning lottery ticket. Blake later went on to appear in many feature films such as \\"In Cold Blood\\", \\"Electra Glide in Blue\\", \\"Tell Them Willie Boy is Here\\", and also starred in the TV seies \\"Baretta\\". <br /> <br />This was a superlative performance by Humphrey Bogart - one of his best - and completely different to his smooth portrayal of Rick in \\"Casablanca\\". His character of Fred C. Dobbs was shifty and devious verging on paranoia and madness. The film has now rightly become a classic and is much admired by \\"movie buffs\\".
B000056VPD|4.0|After years of waiting George Benson has finally delivered what fans have always wanted a live video concert, although it falls a bit short of near perfect.  This release is somewhat a mirror image of the PBS special that ran in December, which was totally unorganized.  With the same show being released on DVD/VHS you get to see the concert the way it was meant to be as a performance, in order, from start to finish, instead of jumping back and forth.  The concert is divided into three separate venues opening with Big Band standards, then moving into George's new material with Joe Sample and finally George's classic stuff that always make him a must see.  George's chemistry with the BBC Big Band, Sample and his own band is generally without flaw.  The DTS audio and video are both fresh and crisp (DVD).  For those familiar with Benson's reputation in live concerts will notice missing some classic Benson interludes, his takes on Nat King Cole and Tony Bennett would have been nice to see, but given this concert was in Belfast he opts for a rendition of the classic Danny Boy which is good but pales in comparison to George's real hidden talent with the guitar.  Also missing are classic Benson staples Affirmation and Love Ballad both of which sizzle live.  Nevertheless, just about all of his material is here and done quite well.  Thankfully this was released commercially and not left to the poorly edited PBS special to serve as an only Benson live performance.  Benson fans now have an updated, not perfect but live performance and have waited too long to get it.
B000002UJQ|5.0|The most revolutionary album of its time, A critique on the technology-driven society of the future, or just a plain-ol' great rock album ... call &quot;OK Computer&quot; whatever you want. But it is simply one of the most important (if not #1) album of the 1990's. When I first heard that Radiohead was considered the successor to U2's title as the greatest rock band in the world, I quickly disagreed, thinking that Radiohead was just another Brit-import with a catchy hit single (&quot;Creep&quot;). But when I first listened to this landmark of an album, I finally realized how incredible this album is. Like U2, Radiohead mixes strong social commentary, a fusion of different musical genres such as rock and techno, and a strong frontman (in this case Thom Yorke) with a distinctive voice. And with its altogether different sound, Radiohead also provided a breath of fresh air from the onslaught of boy-groups and rap artists at the time.<br />Not only does OK Computer reveal how innovative this band is, but also how they can improve with each album. From the early rock stylings of &quot;Pablo Honey&quot;, to the redefined Radiohead sounds of &quot;The Bends&quot; and now finally to Ok Computer, Radiohead has successfully transformed themselves. Each track on this album is phenomenal by itself; &quot;Karma Police&quot; and &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; are the obvious highlights, but also underrated are the exceptional &quot;Airbag&quot; and &quot;Let Down&quot;. But I think the only way to listen to this album is to listen to it straight out, without any interruptions, in order to fully visualize Radiohead's vision of technology and the future.<br />This album is excellent, and I assure that if you do not like it on your first listen, each listen will improve your thoughts on Radiohead. This album has been built up to incredibly high proportions through critics and listeners alike, but it will DEFINITELY leave its mark on you. &quot;OK Computer&quot; lives up to the hype andmore.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Nothing in the last ten years shocked me more than this film's failure at the box office.  It's so entertaining, funny, charming, and memorable, I couldn't believe everyone and their mother wasn't rushing out to see it.  Then, when I thought about it, I realized that its lack of &quot;broadness&quot; is one of its real strengths as a work of art.  It is a very personal story that doesn't seem designed with an eye on the marketplace, just on the heart.  I have no doubt, however, that many of those who missed it will discover it later.  And that those who've already discovered it will treasure it for years to come.  The acting is wonderful, the story is moving and funny, the soundtrack is stunning, and the overall impression is classic.  If nothing else, this film will at least make a star of Kate Hudson who is beyond flawless in this film--she truly lights up the screen.
B00004XONN|5.0|What the hell is this? I don't know. But it's fascinating. From the opening honeyed tones of &quot;Everything in its Right Place&quot; to the &quot;marching band goes over a cliff&quot; cacophany of &quot;National Anthem&quot;, right up to the sweeping harps of &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack&quot;. Sure, there are some clear influences, particularly Eno for &quot;Treefingers&quot; and Aphex Twin for &quot;Idioteque&quot;. However, those two giants of their respective genres lacked the sense of anticipatory paranoia (in Eno's case) and emotional imagery (in Aphex Twin's case) that Radiohead brings to their interpretation. And these songs are strengthened further by their placing in the possibly brilliant arranging of the songs -- Treefingers, restive on its own, leads into the restless &quot;Optimistic&quot;, which fades beautifully into the dreamily cautionary &quot;In Limbo&quot; and forward to &quot;Idioteque&quot;, which amazingly enough brings Thom Yorke's panicky contemplations to the dance floor. This isn't just a collection of weird songs. It's a real album, where the songs fit together in a way that's completely unique. People have strong reactions to Radiohead from what I've seen. Love 'em or hate 'em, no music lover can ignore them. You need to hear this album.
B000008GEF|5.0|Simply gorgeous.  Just listen to it in the winter...it will warm you like a fireplace.
6302000823|4.0|This movie is not like every other on the market, and it certainly differs from the staple American diet of special effects, violence, and sex. But I was not as moved by it, as most other reviewers. Perhaps you have to have kids to fully appreciate this movie. I just did not feel connected with the characters. Toto is a little boy in a Sicilian town who lives with his mother and sister, and whose father... well, watch the movie to establish his paternity. Toto is mesmerized by movies, an experience that defines his personality and much of his adult life. I won't give away the plot, except by saying that the plot is contained in various subtelties of this film. This is not your average entertainment, but it is a well made and thoughtful film, and if you are tuned in to it emotionally, perhaps you will be moved.
0553213105|5.0|Last Fall I saw a A&amp;E version of P&amp;P. I enjoyed the movie. If I had not seen the movie I probably would not have finished the book. The problem with this is that one can not develop their own picture or opinion on the characters.<br />What I liked the most was the amount of wit displayed between the characters interaction. It is a true book about people. It is funny, charming and romantic. It really opened my eyes to society in the 19th century.
B00000IGGA|5.0|I am biased, this was my first Tom Waits purchase.  But suffice it to say, in the course of a week and a half I (no joke) bought ten tom Waits albums.  I couldn't help myself, i needed more and i still listened to this one over and over again.  Yes i have a life, but these albums came along for the ride.  The ride to work, in my head at work, the ride home, while eating breakfast, while laying in bed at night, well hanging out with friend, i became an addict.  This album will remain one of my favorites of all time.  Take It With Me is perhaps the most beautiful love ballad i have ever heard, definitly Tom's best.  Hold On is, interestingly , the only one i don't like.  It's a little too VH1. But you know what they say about beggers, and with 16 tracks, i can't complain.  And it's no wonder Mr. Waits is now releasing albums on a punk rock label.  He certainly has the attitude and will not bow to the mainstream.  This mad scientist of folk has gotten me intuned with emotions long since gone, and emotions i've never encountered. This album, along with Frank's Wild Years, Swordfishtrombones, Bone machine and Rain Dogs have, and this is no exageration, changed my life.  Changed, at least, the way i see music as an artform.  Things won't be the same, I'm going to take this with me when i go.
B000003TA4|5.0|Without a doubt, Kurt Cobain has connected with more teens than any other rock legend ever to live, and through his pain, he has reached a hand out in the darkness to help lead so many artists out. Cobain put emotion back into music with his gut-wrenching lyrics and shaking voice.  If anyone needs to know why VH-1 placed Nirvana 6th of the 100 best hard rock bands of ALL time, &quot;Nevermind&quot; would have them convinced.  Lithium's catchy rythm, In Bloom's attack at the teenie-bopper, Come As You Are's dare to make you be who you really are...  Cobain knew no boundaries, and after hearing his music- &quot;He is the one who likes all those pretty songs and he likes to sing along....but he don't know what it means&quot;... you will know exactly what he means, down to your very core.
0553274503|5.0|This is one of the most unique books I have ever read. The touching story pulls us in; we get interested in Charlie's life and find the book hard to put down. It is remarkable to watch Charlie's progress through the increasing complexity of his progress reports, and, eventually, the downward spiral. Though the book is ultimately touching, it is sad at times. The parts where Charlie is picked on by people he thinks are being nice  will surely jerk a tear or two from most. This is one of those rare works that can make you cry, laugh, and smile. It is a highly recommended literary masterpiece.
B000003S1A|5.0|This album is a must have for anyone who has ever played guitar, bass, drums etc.  Truly one of the best albums ever made.  Beatiful, intelligent, complex, a must hear!!!
B00004XQP4|5.0|Even though 2000 was kind of a crappy year for music in general (N'SYNC, anybody?)true music fans still could find an occasional gem amongst all the crap.  This was the best one I found this in 2000. I've always loved Green Day, and this album didn't disappoint me, although it had a bit of a more mature feel than Green Day's earlier efforts like Dookie and Insommniac. But that's not a bad thing. It just proves how talented they really are. They aren't trying to make the same album over and over. They're trying to branch out a bit, and try different types of music, and the results are great. Every song on here is good, and ones like &quot;minority&quot;, &quot;church on sunday&quot;, &quot;blood sex and booze&quot;, and &quot;jackass&quot; really stand out. This really is a good CD, so give it a shot, even if it sounds a bit different.
B000051VWW|2.0|I'm sorry to say that I was disappointed when I listened to this CD. I'm happy to say that I borrowed it and didn't actually buy it.  There is one good song that I really enjoyed so I gave it 2 stars for that but it is not really up to Sade's normally high standards.
0792156684|3.0|why does everybody think this movie is such a good movie? I think this is totally overrated... i'll skip the plot and all those since evERYbody seems to know that much. In a nutshell, i quite like the movie, EXCEPT the main characters and the plot, AND the music which counts a lot in a movie, i guess. FOr heaven's sake, best love story? Unrealistic, Too MElodRamatic, what kind of messed up story is that? i think they've gone too far with supposed &quot;love story&quot; which really happened in the ship. Characters? Let's be honest.. Leonardo DicapriO? ......sorry but he cAn't AcT. music? too repetitive... gees... i even have the music score..they SOUND all the same..... weLL and...ppl this is just my opinion...
0140277447|5.0|I am currently in a journalism class and let me tell you this- this journalism is one of the most wonderul journalism I have ever read. This is one heart pounding performance of a historan at work. This is a shocking and well written book and it is based on fact. It has REAL documented elements that is proof that the Rape of Nanking Occured. I loved how well Chang made a thought provoking entries.
6305558167|5.0|When this was released in 1981 I was enchanted; through the years I've wanted to watch it over and over, but rarely had the opportunity.  Nostalgia:  star one<br />The thrill of the battles, the round table, the knights, Camelot, and the magic of Merlin were an aphrodisiac to a mystical creature such as I am.  It was also a very progressive movie for the time.  The scene in the forest as Guinevere and Lancelot lay together in the afterglow of love -- not during -- is (in my opinion) much better than the animalistic approach of today.  I prefer imagination rather than the modern thought that nothing is taboo.  Star two<br />I watched the recent release, with a great deal more knowledge about the Arthurian legends, but this version did not recapture my fantasies. Details that are well covered in other books and movies are ignored in this one. However the magic and seduction that brought about the births of both Arthur and Mordred are well done. Like father, like son...<br />The movie is filmed darkly, perhaps to capture the Dark Ages. The foreboding darkness seemed to be a &quot;sorcerer's&quot; trick that left me wondering if the sun ever shone in that world. The battle scenes with broad swords are well done, showing that it required a great deal of physical strength and stamina to be a knight or a warrior. Star three<br />There is a ghastly scene with Morgan le Fey and Mordred, Arthur's illegitimate son. It is the dream or visionary sequence where all of the knights that are searching for the Holy Grail are &quot;captured&quot;  and hung from dead trees in the land of the dead.  This particular sequence works well with the dark mood of the entire film. Star four.<br />The Lady of the Lake and the Sword in the Stone were magical, ethereal, entrancing. These were well done, perhaps better than any other movie about these legends. Star five.<br />If you loved the time of magic, the crystal cave, the time of chivalry, Merlin -- then you should see this version.
0767805712|5.0|Gattaca, is one of the most incredible movies to ever come around. Never before has such a though provoking movie touched me the way this one did. It explored some of the thought renching moral dillemas(biomedical experimentation) we have in our country right now, it also explores the postive and negative side of the issue, which I believe is what the director/writer meant to do. The director cptures his audience every step of the way by not letting a minute go by that doesn't add superb picture quality, incredible sound and of course incredible acting. It doesn't matter what kind of genre you are into you will be captivated by this movie and not want to move.
0312954468|5.0|&quot;River God is a very good book, with vivid detail &amp; a very good plot, The Main Charecter &amp; narrorator, Thita guides you through ancient Egypt with ease, there are high-tension parts in the book that keep you hooked. Since I am somewhat facinated by Ancient Egypt, this book immediately caught my attention. It was a very long book(18 sides) but it is well worth the read. <br />Thita &amp; Wilbur Smith paint an exquisite tapestry that makes you feel like your walking alongside Thita in Thebes. <br />Definetly worth buying &amp; keeping.<br />I have even lost some sleep with this book. Reading it untill the wee hours of the morining.
B00003CXP1|5.0|If you see one movie that came out in 2000 this is the movie to see. Forget happiness, this is the most depressing movie ever. With that said, I still feel as if I am a better person for having seen this. I've told every single one of my friends to see this movie and not one person has ever been touched by the movie. The book and soundtrack are amazing as well. The visual techniques, specifically the sequences where they do the heroin/coke/smoke the pot are out of this world. They show the same repetitive sequence throughout the movie, showing the depths of addiction. What unnerved me the most was the tragic descent of ellyn burstyn and her addiction to diet pills. The shock treatment at the end and how horrible she looked just left my stomach in a knot. Every actor/actress in this movie gives a career defining performance, even jennifer connoly (of Labyrinth fame).  This movie is memorizing. This and crouching tiger hidden dragon were hands down some of the best, most original movies to come out in the last 10 years, more so than the matrix, more so than fight club, they have redefined cinema. Darren Aronofsky has a very bright future ahead of him. Please people, see this movie, it is undoubedtly the most powerful movie you will have ever seen in your lifetime.
B00004Y62T|3.0|I found THE TALENTED MR. RIPLEY to truly be a mixed bag.  Whether intentially or unintentially, it was almost a case study in what used to be called (and still may be) a sociopathic personality.  Damon's character fits that mold in that he is able to commit murder without seeming to feel any pangs of conscience.<br />The movie also works as a bit of an expose of the life of the idle rich, or what we would call &quot;jet-setters.&quot;  It also works as a showpiece of some of the more glorious scenery in Italy.<br />Where it fell down for me was in the reality area.  It doesn't seem possible that with the number of people Dickie knew that our &quot;talented&quot; protagonist could get away with the identity deception for any length of time.  I also couldn't get attached to any of the characters from an emotional standpoint.  There was no one there for me to really care about.<br />To summarize:<br />The positive side:  For me, it was good as a  psychological study, a life style portrayal, and included beautiful well photographed scenery,  <br />The negative side: In my opinion, it was not so hot from the standpoint of a reality check and for emotional impact i.e., I really didn't care too much about any of the main characters.<br />Thus, a mixed bag.
0790729350|5.0|I first saw this film on cable around 1985 or so, and as soon as I knew it was being broadcast, I settled in to tape it.  Thanks to dirty tape heads in my folks' old VCR, the sound quality was poor--most of the old man's intro outside the local pub was lost in static.  This I endured for years. When I found this version available on DVD, already aware that the director's cut had been released some years back, I knew this would be a keeper.  And indeed it is:  The re-edited film, which formerly was choppy and confusing in its running order (or at least as I remember it), now flows much better, and the added performances are very welcome.  My only complaint is that this one was issued among the first flood of DVD releases in 1997, and so is spread out over 2 sides of a disc rather than having been remastered in dual-layer format.  (So I'm lazy, you say?  Fair enough, but the thing I've always liked about the CD is that you don't have to get up to turn them over.)  Otherwise, definitely worth having.
0684874350|1.0|I expected a great read...but was truly disappointed.  Perhaps it is just me, but life is hard enough, I read for entertainment and this book was NOT entertaining.  It was truly depressing and not inspirationsal.  Do we all need to write about the sad times of our childhood to get a Pulitzer?  Although I have read other stories of sad childhoods that have inspired me (such as &quot;Alicia&quot;), this one did not.  Sorry...
B00004XOWM|1.0|oh, sorry, I thought I was supposed to be hearing music. Who let those morons from &quot;The Blair Witch Project&quot; in here? This garbage sounds just like them. This is a *ZERO* out of 5 stars.
0788811363|1.0|Grotesque and perverse.  Wide screen nausia. Just not right!
0684853523|5.0|This is the first Stephen King book I've read, but it won't be the last.  If you're a writer or a King fan, &quot;On Writing&quot; will delight you.  The first third of the book is mainly autobiography, which is great for fans, and part one really pays off in part two when King begins to write about writing.<br />And what does he say about writing?  The best thing about the book is the personal, no-nonsense way King explains his craft.  He doesn't bore you with a long list of do's and don'ts.  He opens a window into his life and tells you how he does it--what works for him, what doesn't, and why.  You'll learn exactly how he &quot;uncovers&quot; his novels from the initial idea to the final draft.  Don't get me wrong, there are plenty of practical tips here about word choice, point of view, verb tenses, etc.  But King doesn't spend forever over-explaining them.<br />The feeling I came away with was, &quot;Wow, I can do this.&quot;  &quot;On Writing&quot; makes writing fiction seem more accesible and certainly more enjoyable than just about every other resource I've explored.  And did I mention it makes for great reading?<br />I wouldn't call &quot;On Writing&quot; the all-in-one epitome on writing fiction (King would be the first to tell you that wasn't his intent, anyway).  But if you ever wanted to invite Stephen King over for beer and pizza and shoot the breeze about life, love, and writing, this book is for you.  It makes a fantastic additon to any writer's library.
6305313687|5.0|From what I had heared from friends, i was expecting a normal pointless violence skinhead movie.<br />I no longer take advise from them for movies.<br />This is an amazing movie Norton deserved an award and the issues in this movie are so real you can read them in the paper each morning.<br />Although it is a great movie, some might be put off by it, i know many people who didn't see it after they heard about the prison rape scene. But in my view it needed to be there to ephasise the harshness of the innmates. It is very graphic but whatever it has is there for a purpose.<br />all performances are great and the effects of the black and white along with all the other effects and the story make this a rippa of a movie
0525945636|1.0|This is poorly written story by an author from whom one expects much more.  One of Mr Follet's strengths has always been his wonderful plots with their strict attention to detail.  This one has more holes than the proverbial loaf of swiss cheese. Descriptions are sophmoric. Very disappointing. If you've got to read this do yourself a favor and check it out of the library.  Don't fret if there's a waiting list. You aren't missing anything.
0792838084|5.0|This one is for those Tom Hanks/Meg Ryan fans. Comparable to 'Shakespeare in Love.'
0783231032|5.0|Amazing!  One day I rent movie 1941 and watch.  All favorite actors are in it!  All togeather!  For me!  So many stars from before they become popular.  All in good rolls in excellent comedy movie about my favorite war!  I must have!  So I buy collectors edition DVD.  So many features!  Such a good buy!
B00000K19E|5.0|i like this film and i think he is very interesting
6301971582|4.0|As in the 1960's, in the future, you can't trust anybidy over 30.  The difference is that, in the 22nd century, anybody that old is supposed to be dead.  Nobody seems to mind that, since life until then is pleasure free, a non-stop party.  As a further inducement, those who hit their 30th get a splendid lastday party, complete with levitation, pyrtotechnics and a good chance of getting &quot;renewed&quot;.  Logan (Michael York) doesn't think anything's wrong with that, and as a &quot;sandman&quot; his job is to track down those who would try to outlive their lastday or even (shudder) try to escape the cozy confines of the domes - a computer managed megalopolis cut off from the outside world since an undescribed catastrophe.  When the Domed City's computer (with a sexy female voice) realizes that too many of these fugitives - called &quot;runners&quot; - remain unaccounted for, it &quot;volunteers&quot; Logan into going undercover as a runner by advancing him onto the terminal list.  Having already hooked up with a prospective runner - Jessica (Jenny Agutter) - Logan explores the periphery of the domed city and even makes the impossible leap into escaping to an outside world neither he nor Jessica (nor Francis, once Logan's former sandman colleague, now turned hunter) ever thought existed.<br />Logan's Run is a fave for several reasons - it's incredibly dated, nobody would ever confuse this film with one made a few years earlier or (with Star wars) a few years later.  But that gives the film an identity that the script doesn't, unlike any anonymous late-night cable movie which could have been made anytime between 1992 and last week (Jerry Goldsmith's score certainly helps).  &quot;Run&quot; is also great because its message is deeper than its cheesy setting (a futuristic paradise committed to hedonism) would suggest.  Sure it looks like a cross between a mall and Tomorrowland, but anything less would dilute the shallowness of the domed city's pleasure-seeking denizens.  Worse, it would minimize the shock and release shared by Logan and Jessica.  Lastly, &quot;Run&quot; excels because it's so much better than the novel, in which their is no domed city (and no comfortable future to hold onto), and the charachters seem pretty resigned to the fact that their gonna die.  The book never offers its heroes the prospect of &quot;renewal&quot;, nor do they seem to embrace their cruel fates with anything approaching the gusto of those in the film.  Sci-fi heroes in these Star-Trek-the-next-Generation days are hailed for their brilliance in technological derring-do under fire, almsot as if techno-supermen.  When Logan asks the computer if the shortfall between missing and confirmed runners can be accounted for by those who have been &quot;renewed&quot;, the sexily-voiced computer is appropriately silent.  Logan's expression, now appropriately pained by the realization that there is no renewal, contains enough cognitive dissonance for 20 years worth of scripts.  And the reservoir remains untapped after 25 years.  Grab this film now before somebody in Hollywood learns the lesson, and makes a film far more insightful than this.
0375500901|5.0|I love books like this that draw you in immediately, to the point where you just can't stop reading 'till you know what happens.  Usually thrillers involve so many characters, flashback and plot twists that it's hard to keep track of everything, but Silva does a great job of keeping everything in line.  A really enjoyable read!
B0000024YL|4.0|Though I had grown up listening to the music of Simon and Garfunkel, it is in listening to this CD that I realized how prolific they had been and how beautiful were their harmonies. This is a timeless collection, as it contains all of their major hits. It is a wonderful compiliation of their music which can best be described as sort of a mellow folk rock. It runs the gamut from the upbeat: &quot;The 59th Street Bridge Song&quot;, &quot;Cecilia&quot;, to the poetic: &quot;The Sounds of Silence&quot;. &quot;Bridge Over Troubled Water&quot;, &quot;Scarborough Fair&quot;, to the unusual: &quot;El Condor Pass (If I Could)&quot;.<br />Every cut on this CD is a winner. There is, however, one annoying aspect to it. For whatever reason, some of the tracks have clapping at the conclusion of the song. This is a little jarring to the listener because one does not expect it, as this is not a &quot;live&quot; album. This is why I rated the CD with four stars instead of five. Still, this is definitely a CD no music lover should be without.
B000059Z8J|5.0|This movie is the most wanted DVD out there, I think!!  It has superior sound... Even the krypton scene is breath taking!  Even if one is not a Superman fan, I suggest you buy it, YOU'LL BECOME ONE!
B00000IPAX|5.0|Blink is so hot! The cd is great but the only thing that sux is that its too short, its only 30 minutes :( ! But the songs are cool. Aliens Exist is just strange (in a good way) All The Small Things is awesome, and Adam's Song is deep, it really strikes a chord. Some songs have nothing to do with anything but it they're cool. Anyway, these guys are so not pop sell outs and it sux they're getting that rap. Buy this cd!
0783217048|5.0|I just saw this on TV yesterday and popped it smack right into my Amazon shopping cart.  I want to share it with everyone!  I can't wait to get my aunt and best friend over here and us chicks will watch this.  I had never heard of this but it was PERFECT.  The casting is extraordinary straight thru.  And what a great story: 3 drag queens revitalize a dumpy little town where everyone has problems.  It must be true.  ;-)
B000002J0P|5.0|I was 11 when this album was released, and as I get older, every time I hear a song from it, I am automatically transported back to the year 1969 and the feelings I felt at the time. Even though I was young, I felt the the anti-war struggles and the drug culture and the freedom of the time. I think the songs hold up very well and they mean more to me now than back then. The remastering is very clean sounding. A must in anyone's music collection.
0385335482|4.0|If you are a fan of the Bridget Jones Books, you'll love Confessions of a Shopaholic.  Becky Bloomwood is an energetic, creative &amp; crazy single girl who loves to shop.  This book highlights one silly antic after another and even though Becky can sometimes be ridiculous, you can't help but love her.  This is a very light-hearted, easy read.  If you're looking for a fun easy read and you like &quot;girl&quot; stuff, this book is for you.  I read it within 2 days and was sad when it was over.
0140283587|4.0|If I simply described Dave, the narrator of this novel, you would think, I don't want to read a book about someone like that.  He best friend has asked that he spend time with Liz, the best friend's girlfriend while he (the friend) travels for a year.  He is completely infatuated with her and when she suggests travelling to India for a few months before school begins, he leaps at the chance, not because he is interested in India at all, but because he is interested in Liz.  But read the book, you'll like him.  Anyone who has traveled as a college student will probably identify with the culture shock he experiences.  The story is told with much good humor and Dave actually grows as a person (he really still has a lot more to do as the book closes, but he's still 19).  He learns to travel on his own and appreciate India.  He's still young, so of course he has the requisite wild nights and he really has some difficulties accepting that he is in India, a country he didn't really want to see.  He learns more about himself and human nature than he does about India.  This is not the young man travels and becomes a better man kind of novel.  Rather, it's a humorous look at something many young people wind up doing, filled with amusing characters similar to flesh and blood ones we have all no doubt met up with.  If you don't take this one too seriously, you will enjoy this book.
0060926317|5.0|So it's Sunday evening, and on a whim I thought I'd check out the reviews for this very poignant book and see what others had to say about it..... <br />I stand aghast (and disheartened!) at the insinuations made regarding the authenticity of this story. I work at a bookstore and I admit, I was flabbergasted to discover that this book resides in the fiction section, but I suppose I understand why (to protect the anonymity of those involved). I truly feel sorry for those who only safely believe in the 'concrete'. For one to assume that such a monumental experience could not have happened because there is no accompanying video or photo display is to totally expose one's lackthereof any sort of spirituality.<br />I have recommended this beyond powerful, absolutely mesmerizing story to countless people, many who have in turn thanked me. For those who are not about to sit and read a book, I have verbally shared the insight gained and miracles 'witnessed' (as through the eyes of Morgan) time and time again, and with great awe for such an advanced people.<br />Why one would assume such a story to be entirely made up is lost on me, and once again evident of the absolute NEED of some to immediately 'question' and disqualify the higher experience of others. I mean, how easy is it to prove that she was 'missing' for over three months, etc? Where ELSE was she? (Duh!) Also, this book wasn't exactly 'complimentary' to western medicine, and Morgan herself is a doctor?! I have no idea if there are aborigines who are 'upset' with her, and if there are, then so be it; I myself am a feminist and have spent more time than one would, er, 'think', defending my views to WOMEN(?!) My point? You're never going to please everyone with what you do. (I think we all know that there are ALWAYS going to be those who disagree just for the sake of doing so!)<br />In further readings on spirituality, I have come across the fact that we are INDEED 'born' with a soulmate  (we just don't always share the earth at the same time with that person---in fact, we usually DON'T!) Upon reading this, I immediately remembered the moment in THIS book when Marlo is told of her connection to one of the tribe members and informed of their 'agreement' before coming into the world.  Unfortunately, there are those who will utterly contradict anything of such spiritual magnitude and label it 'kooky' or impossible. But for those of us who truly 'believe' (uh,'KNOW'!) that there is more out there, such insights are beyond useful in their beautiful reminder of universal truths and love.<br />I am beside myself with praise and recommendation for this utterly fascinating book. Please do yourself a favor and read this. It will blow your mind. You will never view this world the same. I think of her mecca often, and of all that I learned, thanks to her (THEM!) I consider it instrumental to true spiritual advancement. A MUST!
0684833395|5.0|Catch-22 lays out an entirely radical yet competent way of explaining war, or rather, of explaining the inexplicability of war.  Portrayed through confusion and satire, Joseph Heller's Catch-22 is simultaneously humourous and cutting.  Given to similarly amusing and sickening, Heller says all there is to say about the insanity and inhumanity of war.<br />Catch-22 opens during World War II with John Yossarian, a bomber in the Air Force, most fixedly in the hospital with liver problems.  However, Yossarian is not actually sick, but is feinting disease to isolate himself from the death of war.  A naturally high temperature leads doctors to believe Yossarian is sick when he is not.  When Yossarian finally leaves the hospital and goes back to his unit, he finds himself stationed on the island of Pianosa, near the Italian coast and the Mediterranean Sea.  It is not clear whether the hospital scene comes before after the next part Yossarian narrates, because his narrative jumps back and forth through time.  It is part of the confusion which controls the reader's perception of the nonsensicality of war.  Out of the hospital, it seems like nobody seems to truly understand that there is a war going on except for Yossarian.  In fact, Yossarian is so set on the death involved with war that he believes that everyone is trying to kill him specifically.  He finds it infuriating that &quot;millions of people&quot; are trying to kill for no fault of his own.  As he says in an argument with Clevinger about the pointlessness and misdirection of war, &quot;The enemy is anybody who's going to get you killed, no matter which side he's on.&quot;  In this perception, Yossarian is unique and practical, decisively demanding that his life is more important than national ideals or abstract principles.  He is completely determined to gain immortality or die trying.  The largest perceived threat on Yossarian's life at the moment is his air missions, and so attempts to find a way to be grounded.Yossarian asks Doc Daneeka if he would be grounded if he were found to be crazy.  Daneeka tells him yes, but there's a catch: Catch-22 says that there's a rule that says for any pilot to be grounded for reasons of insanity must first ask to be grounded.  However, anyone who asks to be grounded must obviously be sane. This is Yossarian's first encounter with Catch-22, but it comes back to meet him and others again and again.  The most poignant description of Catch-22 is given near the end of the book by an old woman mourning in the ruins of what was once a city.  She sums it up by saying that &quot;[The soldiers] have the right to do anything we can't stop them from doing.&quot;  This is portrayed through every bureaucratic move throughout the entire novel.  Higher ranking officers do things to their subordinates simply because they can, or because they believe it will give them a good reputation or promotion.  Yossarian and his companions are simply inhuman resources for their blindly ambitious superior officers to take advantage of.  Their officers would rather their men took pictures of their bombing runs that looked impressive rather than actually accomplish anything.  On top of this, the men can never leave, because higher ranking officials simply raise the number of missions they are required to run before leaving.  In this way, all the men are retained within the authorities control.  All this is done simply because they can.  Because &quot;they have the right to do anything we can't stop them from doing.&quot;  Catch-22 is, in essence, the law that makes war and murder &quot;legal,&quot; the mind-set that moralizes any immoral act, the entire mechanism under which the army can feasiblely run.  Without Catch-22, war could not exist, because of morals, values, ethics, individualism, and anything else that governs rational human thought.<br />A perfect example of the completely nonsensical nature of the surroundings is the power positions.  In this story, the mess officer Milo Minderbinder is the one of the most powerful people in the world.  He has such a hold on economics that he practically control the entire world.  He bombs his own camp as a result of a deal with Germany, he employs the use of every air force in the world for his monetary benefit.  Because he controls so much of the market, he manages to buy a shipment of eggs at 7 cents an egg and sell them at 5 cents an egg and still make a profit.  He manages this because he is in control of both the company which buys the eggs and the company which sells them.  Through subtle and ridiculous manipulation of the market, he probably has more control than any other person in the world.<br />In sharp contrast to this whimsical, comic nature of Milo is the gory, reoccurring scene of Snowden.  Yossarian began his downward spiral into cynicism with the death of his copilot Snowden.  Throughout the novel, the story slow unwinds of the traumatic experience of Snowden being shot while with Yossarian, and Snowden dying slowly in Yossarian's arms with his entrails splattered all over Yossarian's uniform.  Snowden's final words were simply &quot;I'm cold.&quot;<br />Catch-22 is, in my opinion, one of the greatest books written on the insanity of war.  The mechanisms Heller uses in his novel to portray confusion which may be hindrances only enhance the entire read of the novel.  While many war stories manage to encompass the horror and meaninglessness of war, few if any other manage to do so with so much wit and humour.  Nothing is more sickening then to find yourself emotionally connecting the horrible death of a human being with the abstract orders of an ambitious power seeker.  Heller's story of the pursuit of life and the  tragedy of death finds both the core values and issues at and, as well as the humour and insanity forever present in that never-ending reality: war.
B000001E8P|5.0|I dont think that Pulp will ever release another album this good again, due to the fact that you cant improve on the best.  This album has hit after hit on it lie Common People, Disco 2000, Miscshapes, Something Changed and Sorted For E's and Whizz. The good songs dont just stop there the whole album is good when you have got songs like Pencil Skirt, Underwear and I spy.  This is one of the best british albums of all time and im glad that other people agree as well
630438551X|4.0|This was indeed a spendid movie and one of the best I have seen. But one thing bothers me. This movie could have been titantic if it wasn't for the very outragous gang scenes and the Capulet ball. Don't get me wrong the scenes which included Romeo and Juliet were very extraordinary. Leonardo DiCaprio and Claire Danes was an excellent choose to share the main roles in Romeo and Juliet. Sorry if this bugs anybody. I really recommend everybody renting this one if you haven't yet. So go get it!
B000002UAU|2.0|Far, far, far from the best album ever made.  People say it captures the feel of 1967 psychedelia, but not as well as Hendrix's &quot;Are You Experienced&quot; or Cream's &quot;Disraeli Gears&quot;.  People say it is the world's greatest concept album, but it's not even in the same league as Pink Floyd's &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot;.  <br />The fact is that there are some good songs here (A Day in the Life, Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band) and some poor songs as well (Within You Without You, When I'm 64, With A Little Help From My Friends, Fixing A Hole).  Average them all out and you get a slightly below average album. 2-stars
B00000DGUG|5.0|The Follow up to an album that sells the amount of copies that Jagged Little Pill did was always going to be hard but i feel that Alanis has managed to do her new album justice.  The whole of the album isn't as acessable as the previous but it is more dark and a step forward rather than a step back.  There are plenty of hit single son the album like Thankyou, So Pure, and Joining you.  My favourite track on the album is That I Would Be Good (which also appearedin Dawsons Creek) its one of the stand out tracks on the album.  If you buy this album dont expect it to be the same as her last because its not its a natural progression showing that Alanis is once again going to please her legions of fans. Well done!!
B00000064E|5.0|What would it be like to hear Nick Drake live?  It's about the music, completely.... <br />I imagine a stage raised about only a foot above the audience.  The lighting around the stage would be very soft with the rest of the place left in near darkness.  On the stage only a standard bar stool.  He would come out and take his place on that stool not once speaking to the audience or even looking at them.  It's alright though, as this could possibly come off as rude or contemptuous if attempted by another artist, it does not with Nick.  The audience understands that everything he needs to communicate is in the songs.  They realize that they are about to be given the ultimate gift-a gift that no words could ever do justice-an invitation into the surreal world of Nick Drake.  <br />It takes but a few strums of his guitar, and it begins.  The eyes of the audience grow big as if they were children listening to a campfire ghost story.  No one makes a sound or even a movement for fear of interrupting their transcendence into a land they have never been.  Then when the first few syllables effortlessly pour out of his mouth, the journey is complete, the audience has arrived. Nick has successfully picked them up and carried them away.  They were powerless from the start and never stood a chance of evading his spellbinding grip.  They are no longer in the world of material possessions and pressures.  They are in Nick's world.  A world ruled by the beauty of nature and the importance of the individual.  It is a world of harmony between man and the stars, sun and moon.  It's a world where people who don't belong, belong, a world where the only keeping of time is done by the seasons ever changing.  It is a world that man cannot taint.  It is filled with magic and enchantment.  Nick's world is difficult to get to, and even more difficult to leave.  And as the sustain of the final chord fades to nothing, the venue is left in complete silence.  The audience doesn't clap. Maybe it is out of fear that they would return to this lesser world.  Or maybe it is because the look in each set of eyes says more than any kind of audible affirmation ever could.  <br />The silence continues as Nick retunes his guitar as if he was the captain of a ship setting the coordinates for the next destination.  After four minutes of tuning the air has become filled with tension.  The same tension experienced when waiting for a train on a crowded platform.  You cannot wait until that train arrives so you can start that journey to where you want to go.  But at the moment that train is Nick Drake, and the place you want to be is back in his world.  Like an addictive drug, you have gotten a taste of his world and you want more than anything to go back there, to attain that same high.  Just when the anticipation reaches an almost unbearable level, the train departs.  Nick's fingers start to navigate the guitar and the tension lifts.  <br />The audience breathes a collective sigh of relief, realizing that they have once again embarked on a wonderful journey.  Nick has given us all a &quot;place to be&quot;.  That in a nutshell is what experiencing a Nick Drake performance might be like.  Hear his music and imagine it for yourself...
B000002HPV|5.0|Bjork is someone i admire as she is never afraid to experiment and releases songs that are true to her and not manufactured.  The whole of Homogenic sounds like a film score with the fell of the songs belting out one after another each being better than the previous.  The album is  full of top rate songs like Hunter, Yoga Alarm Call and Bachelorette. (my favourite)  I dont think this album will win Bjork any new fans but the old ones will savour it for all its worth
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Oh, the memories contained on this disk!  It is not a complete collection by any means, but it is an essential mix of Beatles classics.  From the early pop-rock &quot;Love Me Do&quot; and &quot;She Loves You&quot; to the melodic ballad &quot;Yesterday&quot; and on to &quot;Hey Jude&quot; and &quot;Let It Be,&quot; there are tunes here from all their musical phases.<br />This album contains only tunes that became number one &quot;hits&quot; in the US and UK.  That leaves out all the great &quot;album music&quot; they created that never got to the top of the charts.  Maybe there will be a sequel to include more of that.  <br />Nonetheless, this album will reignite your love of the Beatles and the incredible, eight year, burst of creativity that forever marked late 20th century music.  Just think, 200 years from now, this music will probably be studied as much as Beethoven or Mozart are now.  This is an item for your personal time capsule.
B000059Z8M|5.0|Toy Story 2 has got the most amazing special effects and animation that i have seen, its just a shame that the story was a bit dodgy.  I liked the idea of introducing new characters like Jessie but i didnt like the role reversale with Buzzlightyear having to save Woody.  Mrs Potatoe Head is Funny, Jessie is pretty good, but i think the little green aliens steal the show.  (you saved our lives we are eternily grateful) If you saw the first then you are going to have to see this one.  I have the first and the second as these dvds are worth having in your collection
B0000020C4|5.0|If you don't have this cd/video then you're missing a LOT!!! I've heard the other les miz cd's and i can say that this is way much better. I just Love MICHAEL BALL and LEA SALONGA, them alone will make this cd worth buying (and ofcourse goes with the rest also) MB is definitely the best Marius ever, his voice, i can't even explain, it has something that will hypnotize you (well, maybe that's too much of a word but that's what he did to me) especially on ECET and those smile, ahhhh, enough said. Lea? goodness, she sounded like an angel. What a voice that girl has, the most beautiful one i've ever heard so far, i love her rendition of A Little Fall of Rain, makes me wanna cry everytime i hear it. The rest is good ofcourse although there are some that i really didn't like that much, like  the one who played enjolras, he's ok but there are times that he can barely reach the high notes. Get the video also! that is the bomb.
B000006NPY|5.0|This is just brilliant, in the way you would think of God's pop music as brilliant.  I cannot understand how anyone could ever give this less than 5 stars.  But I guess that's what you get when you jump from catchy alt-rock to experimental, introspective beauty.  (Don't get me wrong, they have always been talented, but up until Mellon Collie, they really didn't have much substance.  Gish just ripped off Nirvana.  They did it well, but, well, you get the idea.  And Siamese Dream just isn't that good.  All it is is catchy, dopey alt-rock without anything to sink your teeth into.)  Anyway, from the incredible electronic-rocker Ava Adore to the equally catchy and beautiful Crestfallen, from the deep and introspective To Martha to, one of the most powerful modern piano pieces ever, Annie-Dog, this is the best Pumpkins album ever.  I really cannot stop praising this.
B000056VIY|5.0|I really enjoy this album.  Although her last album was good this album is much better.  She combines dance &amp; latin sounds with a funky rythmic beat.  Of course, she doesn't have the vocal range like Mariah or Christina - nor does she try to.  She still has a good voice.  I was a little dissapointed that the album version of &quot;Love Don't Cost a Thing&quot; is a little different than the radio version.  I like the radio version - it has the electric guitar background which I feel ads to the song.  Anyway, the song is still great with/without the guitar.  Jennifer is multi-talented and I admire that.  Keep up the good work.  Look forward to your next album.
0385486804|4.0|In search of self-discovery and freedom from the shackles of society, Chris McCandless goes on a journey to Alaska. On his journey Chris finds himself and touches the lives of others in his wake. Although he died before he could share his story, the author, Jon Krakauer, uses his own experiences and the experiences of others to understand Chris's plight and reasons for his journey. The author's use of interviews and people Chris had met helped to give Chris a human side as opposed to making him a subject that people could not relate to. I enjoyed this book because I understand Chris's own natural call to the wilderness and his need to get away from society.
B00000DG1R|5.0|If you are a casual Duran Duran fan who does not own any albums then this is a very effective way to start.  Some of the other reviews criticized the edited versions of some of the songs - but this is one hell of a CD.  I would have liked &quot;Violence Of Summer&quot;, &quot;White Lines&quot; and &quot;Too Much Information&quot; here, and prefer the songs in chronological order - also - linear notes, anyone?
B00004Z459|5.0|these guys are great. they're not limp bizkit. thats good cuz limp has the songs that all start out the same. for ex. bring it on, get the **** up. they swear too much to. thats another thing. these guys dont swear at all but they still got great songs and theres something for everyone. from papercut to pushing me away is an album thats not lengthy, not trl sensations, but just great meaningful hardcore music. <br />papercut- great intro song, the 3rd best on the disc and it's got a great beat<br />one step closer- good but i've heard it too much. but, the most important time you hear it is the 2nd time. the 1st i didn't think much of it. 2nd it automatically grows on you. i love this song but i do hear it too much.<br />with you- gonna be the next single. its a great song. its like ten different songs mixed 2-gether.<br />points of authority- not bad but one of the worse ones on the cd.<br />crawling- good song. nuff said cuz i cant really describe it.<br />runaway- love this song once it hits the chorus the 1st time. from there its just an all around great song.<br />by myself- good. this stands out from the rest with a different beat, i love it thoug<br />in the end- 2nd best song on the cd. its great. the piano dubbs in great with the song.<br />place for my head- what weird guitar in the beginning. i love it. great song.<br />forgotten- heaviest song on the cd. its good but just like points of aut. its one of the worse songs.<br />cure for the itch- i love the turntables. not really a song. just the band havin a little fun. u gotta respect that.<br />pushing me away- absolute best song ever. how good and how much raw emotion he gets. i can tell he must get excited playing that song live. its at the end so its saving the best for last<br />great cd. i also reccomend crazy town, offspring, and incubus. incubus is another fenominal cd.
0671721720|1.0|I hate to admit I read this book.  As a traditional christian, as you wish to call me, I was a little suspicious with the first chapter.  First, I read On Basilisk Station and didn't like it.  Nevertheless, I gave Weber a chance to make it up in the next book.  The Graysons are right.  Manticore's lucky they don't get crushed because the are so weak.  They allow women to participate.  It's a disgrace.  Basically, I think it's a sin to read this book.
0789723107|5.0|Steve gets it right. The best thing is that he advocates common sense, which alot of web developers are afraid to champion in day-to-day meetings with products managers. By the time people realize that such things as the guidelines in Krug's book advocate would've been nice it's too late.
0790751089|3.0|...and quite a selection of reasons behind the tears as well such as dissappointment when the protagonists don't do what we want them to and at other times they are tears of boredom.  This very slow and in places dull film about a chance meeting between a National Geographic photographer with an intimacy complex and a bored, unsatisfied housweife redeems itself considerably with the scene where Robert (Eastwood) stands in the rain waiting for Francesca (Streep) and then waits for her in the lorry.  It was dealt with all the intensity and intrigue necessary for that scene to work and paid dividends but the rest of the film does take a while to get into and I got the distinct feeling that this was really a re-working of Casablanca than a film in it's own right.  Also, I didn't find the film made it quite clear exactly why those two people got it together it just sort of put it on a plate and expected us to get it.<br />Eastwood, however, gives an interesting and convincing performance which makes a pleasant change from his normally, very wooden action films.  He certainly can handle alternative roles and is apt at directing (Eastwood blatantly works better when he is directing himself).<br />Not bad, but I wouldn't rush out and buy the video.
B0000542DJ|5.0|I have the first JFK DVD and I was wondering if someone could reply telling me what's different from the first JFK Special Director's Cut? Thanx.<br />The 5-star is for the original DVD.
0451163516|4.0|ken follett writes another winner.feliks is a russian anarchist who is on a mission to assassinate someone to prevent war.If war breaks out,russian civilians would be the majority of the victims and nothing will stop him feliks.not even his past resurfacing.a great thriller that will keep turning pages all night.recommended!
B0000028VT|5.0|Mariah's best stuff came from her early career, and this is one of those. This album has some of Mariah's best ever ballads, like the pretty &quot;Hero&quot;, with its positive message, and the title track &quot;Music Box&quot;.  Every song on here is good, no fillers. It's too bad she doesn't make albums like this anymore. But at least we still have this and the other early albums to enjoy. Her talent for writing music and lyrics is greatly displayed  on here as well...all but one of the songs was co-written by her. Booklet contains all lyrics and photos of Mariah.
B000056N8X|1.0|I have never felt the need to review anything but this movie was a disgrace. I loved Highlander 1 and like the directors cut of Highlander 2 and Highlander 3 was ok. I always liked highlander the series. But this movie Highlander 4 Endgame was horrible. First they Killed Connor McLeod who the hell thought of that did they forget that he was the last and that he won the prize, that alone ruined this move for me. Two they have a flash back where Duncan McLeod kills the women he love just to make her immortal that is something I could never see his character doing. Also they don't follow the rules in this movie having a bunch of immortals attack Duncan. And getting back to killing off Connor McLeod they have none other than Duncan kill him using some move that Connor setup so that if he didn't kill him Duncan him self would be killed by Connor. Connor would never force his friend in to this position and if he did I believe Duncan would rather die then kill his friend because that's the way their characters have been written. This was a disgrace to this franchise and its best if people act like this move didn't even exist. The only reason a gave this movie a star is becuse if u dont give it at least one star they wont post your review.
B00003CWTI|5.0|This is one of those movies you don't see often. It is not a normal movie like others, and it doesn't has a normal story.  The way of filming isn't normal either, and I think that real movie lovers will love this movie because of the beautifull way of filming and montage plus the very good score and songs which fit perfect in the film. <br />The movie begins brilliant which shows right away that this isn't a normal movie. But you think it will be a comedy and it isn't.  Then, the first hour you will look at it wondering what happens and after the first hour you still don't have a clue where it exactly is about. But don't worry, everything will make sense at the end. The acting is also fantastic, from the prefect preformance of Tom Cruise as the sex-therapist to the boy genius. Everybody is great. I only didn't like William H. Macy very well, but that's just me.<br />And well, the frogs... I think Paul T. Anderson means that symbolic and everything thinks different about it. One way to think at it, is that it is the plague of the Bible and after that, all the sins of the characters are forgiven and they can live again or die in peace (that's the way my mother thought of it).  <br />I think this movie is a must to see for all movie fans, and you will like it as well if you like strange and very deep movies.
0385335482|5.0|Confessions of a Shopaholic was pure fun to read.  I gave it five stars because it delivers what it intends- laugh out loud comedy.  The neurotic and obsessive Becky is likable and yet to be pitied as she quickly buries herself in debt for the sake of high fashion and good times.  I am embarrassed to say I could relate to her situation.  Where the fun comes in this book are Becky's many attempts to make money and rationalize her impulses.  Of course, this proves more difficult than she anticipates.  Shopping addiction is not the only problem in Becky's life as she also struggles with her job and love life.  Who can't relate?  I love this book for its humor and fun.  I had a huge smile on my face while I was reading it.  Perfect for a weekend trip or a night at home- if you love British humor and want a funny, romantic, and light read then this is the book for you.
B000059XYM|5.0|Scary Movie will have you laughing from beginning to end.  If you liked the whole Scream, Matrix, I Know What You Did Last Summer, and Urban Legend thing, then you will love this movie.  Spend an hour and a half picking out clips from alternate movies.  I wouldn't recommend this for anyone under say 15 or 16 cause of some pretty rounchy jokes.  But for those of you that are old enough to watch this is the best movie of the year.
0812580346|4.0|I'd like to add my own two-cents to the very positive reviews of FLASHFORWARD. Science fiction has been undergoing a crisis in imagination even while its writers are getting better at their prose styles. Mr. Sawyer has produced in FLASHFORWARD an delightfully original concept and a gathering of characters, flawed though they are, and we watch them as their lives are changed by a glimpse they receive of the future. Sawyer has restored my faith that Campbellian science fiction can still be written with panache and verve. FLASHFORWARD is a delightful book that surprised me almost with every turn of the page. I very much recommend this book to you.
1878424319|5.0|The four agreements from this book outline four basic principles that, if followed, free up your mind and your life to experience the best life brings.  I see some other reviewers find their Christianity challenged, but to me the agreements (be impeccable with your word, don't take anything personally, don't make assumptions, always do your best) are principles rather than opinions - to me, they transcend religious differences and are basically inarguable.<br />In easy-to-read prose (this is a single-evening or medium-airline-ride read) the author does a superb job of explaining how and why following these principles will bring you peace and joy that are attainable in no other way.
630512065X|2.0|As an afectionada of the stage version of CATS, I was among those who eagerly awaited the arrival of the CATS Video. Unfortunately, the Video is a tremendous letdown. Instead of putting their best feet forward and producing an accurate permanent record of this historic show, the creative team seems to have fallen asleep at the wheel. <br />The editing of the video is inexcusably choppy. There are numerous lapses in continuity and characters that suddenly appear  to 'jump' across the set. It is perplexing that, although CATS is known as a dance musical, the best sections of Gillian Lynne's choreography are omitted. The dance scenes that do appear in the video seem to have been filmed from the most unflattering angles  available.<br />The casting choices are also questionable. Sir John Mills, for instance, is completely miscast, and seems to have very little enthusiasm or understanding of his role. Onstage, Gus is a completely different, and extremely funny, character. Elaine Paige was the original London Grizabella, but other actresses, such as Tony Award winner Betty Buckley, might have done a better job with the role. Many of the supporting performers, who came directly from the London and Broadway productions of CATS, were extremely talented, but were undermined by the editing and staging. <br />Now that CATS has closed on Broadway, it is quite sad to think that this truncated, slapdash video will represent the show. CATS was a magical production onstage, and it deserved much better.
0345441184|5.0|A wonderful book that opened my eyes to the power of womanhood - and helped me identify some of the forces that have shaped the female experience today.  Like all of the best of books, it will make you think, it will make you feel, it will open your head and open your heart.  Best of all, it will change your view of yourself and all other women in very interesting ways.  Obviously, I highly recommend this book!
6305078564|5.0|I can not do the film justice with my explanation.  Just view it ... six hours will fly by quicker than you can ever imagine.
B000051VWW|1.0|I actually had to recheck my cd to make sure I had the same one as eveyone reviewed here - personally, I thought this was awful -the other reviewers have a right to their opinion &amp; I'm glad they enjoyed this cd, but i have a right to mine &amp; I found the music here to be choppy, uneven &amp; extremely slow moving - I've been a fan of Sade for years &amp; have all her other albums &amp; enjoy her work very much, but this sounded as if she was just dragging along - my husband, sister &amp; 2 friends who are all fans agreed that this was not her best work - very disappointing.
0812589041|5.0|As someone who has read hundreds of Sci-Fi novels, I can say with certain authority that this is one of the greatest Science Fiction novels ever.  Orson Scott Card crafts an elaborate scenario that seems like something that could actually happen in the future.  The characters are well developed, and the book never gets dull or off track.
B00004XQ83|5.0|This musical journey through the Southern Depression is as appealing as the film on which it is featured.  An evocative body of work, the selections were picked by the Coen brothers as they wrote the screenplay, and were intended to complement and at times be the centerpiece, not the background, of this entertaining and scenic film.   The soundtrack features such talent as blues and folk guitarist Chris Thomas King, bluegrass and country singers Allison Krauss, Gillian Welch, and Emmylou Harris, plus old-time favourites like &quot;You Are My Sunshine&quot; and &quot;Keep on the Sunny Side.&quot;  The songs reflect an era of political change and reform, as well as a simple and southern way of life.   To say that the music is good is an understatement - the quality of work on this cd is alone worth more than you'll pay.  It takes a reminiscent and folksy ear, but you'll appreciate the throwback to older times, and enjoy the great sounds of the beginnings of southern country and bluegrass.
B00005214X|5.0|Yes, this is old but it's SO good. You'll be quite happy with this remastered edition.  The sound is awesome, I'm glad I waited for it. Walking down Memory Lane can be a pleasing experience.  This is definitely that walk.  <br />Yeah, he tinkered with &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot;, and it's good,too. But we still have the original to listen to.   When you read the booklet included, you'll see a man who is happy with his work, and still has a sense of humor.  The updated pictures are a hoot...very George.<br />So, if you're old, grew up on the Beatles, and haven't felt the same about music since, then you'll think you just found an old friend.  And you'll feel YOUNG again! And if you're young, and love this, then God bless you!
0345440757|5.0|What a great book. It makes so much common sense out of a situation where it becomes very stressful to say the least. As the father of a child who was up during the night more than he was asleep I honestly say this book is a prayer being answered. I just shared this with a family memeber who has a 4 month old son who was also let's just say a little restless at night time, well this book has already helped by a 100%. Great Book! How about another book for toddlers, now there is a whole different set of problems!
B00004Z4YA|5.0|The only way to describe the album Parachutes, is to call it complete. From start to finish Coldplay have succeeded in making a very polished album, the only problem with the piece is the availability of it in some stores here in the States. The mix of Acoustic and electric guitar is very good and is complemented with thoughtful drumming and solid bass, all of which is covered over with proficient vocals that give Coldplay a unique sound. From the meloncholy lyrics of Trouble to the romance inspiring Yellow, Parachutes the box set is a wonderful buy and I would highly recomend it to anyone who enjoys good music.
B00004XQ83|5.0|Thank you for allowing me this opportunity to share something very dear to my heart.  O Brother Where Art Thou takes me back to my childhood when my father and his 9 brothers would gather round in my grandmother's big country home in rural White Lake Wisconsin and play guitars and various other instruments and sing until 2 or 3 in the morning.  I would go to bed at night listening to music just like this.  My relatives have roots that go back to Kentucky and Western West Virginia.  My grandma and grandpa moved to Wisconsin so that Grandpa wouldn't lose his life in the coal mines.  It was back when I was a child that music like this was played and sung rather than getting out and getting into trouble like the kids do now.  All of these songs were sung at one time or another during my growing up years.  My name Messer is German and means knife in German, but it really should stand for Music because I still have a very large family of guitar pickers and singers that I can still enjoy.  Thanks so much for a look back at my very early years.  I haven't seen the movie, but I'm looking forward to it, if for no other reason, the MUSIC!!!!!
078062999X|3.0|Branagh seems to have wallowed in self-indulgence in this uneven and often silly production of Hamlet. His selection of celebrity cameos like Lemmon, Williams, Crystal, Heston, and (unbelievably) Depardieu, were incredibly inappropriate, and often ridiculous. His own performance, full of moues and eye rolling, was WAY over the top. Derek Jacobi, as Claudius, was a breath of fresh air in all this mess. His verse was natural and  beautiful; full of subtle colors. I would recommend this video only for Jacobi's performance: one of the finest Claudius' that I have ever seen. I do not wish to condemn everyone else; Brian Blessed (Hamlet's father)and Richard Briars (Polonius) gave very good performances. Judy Dench and John Gielgud were wonderful as always, although in pitiably small parts. The rest of the film seemed to be an exercise in bad casting.
B0000524E5|5.0|I am so tired of reading reviews from people who think every movie should be an artistic masterpiece, or at the very least, should have a poignant message.  This is one of the most entertaining films my wife and I have seen in a long time, and none of the people involved with its production have anything to apologize for.  It unquestionably delivers exactly what Bruckheimer, et al intended, and it does not pretend to be anything else.  If I wanted something artistic or meaningful, I would have looked for word &quot;Miramax&quot; on the outside of the box - a studio that has made many wonderful movies, but not the type of high impact, SIMPLE fun Jerry Bruckheimer and the late Don Simpson have delivered so well.  Sometimes, it's just what the doctor ordered.<br />Turn out the lights, turn up the volume, break out the popcorn, have a few drinks, and enjoy...
B000001E8S|5.0|I did not know much about the engima that is Brian Eno, formerly of Roxy Music. All I did know about this man whose musical meanderings I first encountered with Achtung Baby , Needless to say I had discovered one of the most Innovative rocki bands ever, and in my ignorance I gave nearly all credit to the band U2.<br /> Then came out Zooropa, and Pop and All that you can't leave behind. If you have heard these, no doubt every album goes off in some territory.   Interesting thing is that I didn't hear some albums chronologically, but in random order. Joshua Tree after Achtung Baby and War even after that followed by Pop and then Zooropa. throughout my listening I notices some albums had a very visceral feel to it and after I noticed that the production credits of All that you can't leave behind were Eno and Lanois's. I went back and noticed carefully that the visceral albums all had Eno's touch.<br /> Curious to know about this person, I went to the local music store where I found a single copy of Eno's machinelike, unemotional poetry on space &quot;Music for Airports 1&quot; I didn't like what i heard.<br />And then I encountered musical genius in Passengers by accident which led me to know more about Eno and co and after some research on him for a week, I realized this guy is unlike other producers, an eccentric with his own philosophies of musical space, soundscapes and interestingly enough not being able to read music but having an ear for sounds and what sounds he creates on this CD..ffrankly im hooked, the whole sonic aura makes me want to write a book, or well..make a film around the music. this is a work of art, not for everybody though. If you are curious as to where all this originality comes from, look up Brian Eno on the web. As for U2, they have a high standing in my books because they understand intricacies, art, and the simple act of attaching Eno as Producer. Passengers was a good way to  transcend and explore past the boundaries which trap rock musicians. I applaud u2 and Eno.<br />&quot;Your blue room&quot; is my favourite, I find it haunting. Each piece has its own ambience. If you do like this, I strongly recommend some things by Peter Gabriel, &quot;Passion: Music from the Last temptation Christ&quot; a soundtrack. as far as i know that is the only work with him on production credits.<br />as for passengers and this cd? well i think it will stay with me for a long time to come.
B000002UAR|5.0|The Beatles were the first and the best in rock. No question. But what most people don't know is the USA had a group every bit as great as the Beatles: Big Star! Search them out at this web site. Their first two CD's are selling for the price of one. Buy it! If you like the Beatles, you'll love Big Star! They still tour from time to time. Next time they visit your town, be sure to come out and listen to the best band in America!
B000056NX5|5.0|I had the great opportunity of actually seeing Tony as Judas during the Broadway revival of this wonderful show.  Although I did enjoy the movie greatly, I much preferred the Broadway Cast, and I missed a few of the actors, such as Manoel Felciano.  I think that this video is a vast improvement upon the version with Ted Neely, and it satisfies your appetite if you are truly missing the Broadway version.  I highly recommend this DVD.
B0000524E5|5.0|I will admit, I wanted to see this movie when it first came out.  Not just because of the attractive women, which one would think is the only pull the movie has.  But it seemed like a lot of fun.  Anyways, my wife and I just rented the DVD the other night, and we both thought it was a superb movie.<br />It is not just a bunch of totally hot women dancing and grinding on a bar (which that would have been fine), but there is a very well developed, &quot;coming into your own&quot; story followind Violet, the movies lead.  She moves to NYC to fulfill her dreams of becoming a songwriter.  She meets a handsome Aussie,  whom she is under the impression is a big music mogel.  However, she finds out he is only a cooks in a restaurant, plus about 3 other jobs. (the man doesn't sleep).  Anyway, the plot moves along nicely, a few areas that you can tell the edit left out.  Which is always a shame.  <br />Anyway, this is something to watch and own.  I was very impressed with the outcome of the movie, though very typical for this type of film.  Check out John Goodmans strip tease at the end....10 out of 10
B00000J7J4|1.0|When I heard that there was to be a new Santana album, its release was eagerly anticipated. Then I bought it. What a piece of crap! It was so disappointing that I thought about rolling down my window and throwing it over the side of a local bridge crossing the Hudson River as I drove over it. Then I realized the state of the river and decided that it did not need any more pollution. Now in hindsight I suppose if I had thrown it out they would want to dredge the river or something. When I saw Santana about 5 years ago I was supremely disappointed. Not just at the music and performance, but over the fact that I had no substances to abuse with me to ease my discomfort. Oh well! (p.s. I gave the damn thing away to a 12 year old girl)
0880389052|5.0|Homeland is by far my favorite out of the Dark Elf Trilogy. Ok, It's no Streams of Silver(my favorite R.A. Salvatore book), but it clears up all the confusion about Drizzt in the Icewind Dale Trilogy. It answers questions like &quot;How did Drizzt get Guenevhar?,&quot; and &quot;Where did his scimitars come from?&quot; And, what makes it so astounding is that Homeland sums up Drizzt's first 30 years in only 314 pages. Good job, Salvatore! <br />Rating:Teen. Has bloodshed.<br />Favorite part:The wepeons training with Drizzt and Zak. Very entertaining!
0880389052|5.0|Homeland is by far my favorite out of the Dark Elf Trilogy. Ok, It's no Streams of Silver(my favorite R.A. Salvatore book), but it clears up all the confusion about Drizzt in the Icewind Dale Trilogy. It answers questions like &quot;How did Drizzt get Guenevhar?,&quot; and &quot;Where did his scimitars come from?&quot; And, what makes it so astounding is that Homeland sums up Drizzt's first 30 years in only 314 pages. Good job, Salvatore! <br />Rating:Teen. Has bloodshed.<br />Favorite part:The wepeons training with Drizzt and Zak. Very entertaining!
0671721720|1.0|I find this book offensive.  It degrades my religious beliefs.  As a traditional catholic I started reading Basilisk staion and did'nt like it. Then I read Honor of the Queen and apparently, the Grayson's are right
0440539811|5.0|For a certain type of person, with certain types of proclivities, this book is an essential. Funny and instructive this book is still the best book that Robert Anton Wilson has ever written.
068818071X|5.0|What would you say to an all-expenses paid trip, complete with three well-balanced meals a day, daily schedule of events, nightly activities, and limitless opportunities to meet people that share common interests?  Well, have I got the vacation for you!  Join 27-year-old Rachel Walsh on her journey from selfish, immature, irresponsible drug-addict to rehabilitated, humble and fully-functional adult.  Watch the transformation and prepare to be totally swept away.<br />Marian Keyes has written a humdinger here.  A lively and perceptive view of real-life addiction and recovery, spiced with humor and wit, and written in a breezy, chatty, conversational tone that will take reader from page 1 to 565 in two shakes.  All Keyes fans will revel in Rachel's Holiday.  A very fast-paced, mature novel, a hilarious take on a most serious subject, and one that will have you reading into the wee hours of the morning.  Her best yet!
B00000IUT7|5.0|This is the second battery powered engine that we got for our son's Brio set.  It is a good looking engine that is more powerful than the smaller engine we have.  It goes forward, reverse and has a working headlight and whistle.  Another good feature is the auto shut-off.  After five minutes the engine automatically stops, saving the battery.  I can't tell you how many times our son had turned on the old engine and then walked away, killing the battery a couple of hours later.<br />We did not have the same experience as some of the other users who complained about the engine's inability to climb hills.  We have two bridges and the engine is able to pull five cars up without difficulty.  We do not have the tallest bridges Brio makes however, so we can't say that our experience is necessarily inconsistent with others.  We have the figure 8 bridge and the draw bridge, and it climbs these easily as long as the tracks are properly aligned and leveled.<br />If you get this engine, expect it to get a lot of use.  It uses two AAA batteries.  I strongly recommend getting a battery charger and Nickel Metal Hydride recharageable batteries.  You are likely to go through half a dozen batteries a week if your child plays with this engine as much as our three year old.<br />This engine is a terrific addition to your child's Brio set.  It brings the train set to life and it is great fun.
B00003BDXG|5.0|It is unfortunate the hype that surrounded this film and the blame of it for causing additional violence when this was the completely opposite intention.  I was fortunate enough to attend a speaking of Oliver Stone at the University of Central Florida and I remember his thoughts on the creation of this film.  He spoke of being so disgusted with the amount of violence that was sensationalized by the media, especially television at the time. He was so disturbed and sickened by this that he &quot;threw up on film and called it Natural Born Killers.&quot;  That last part IS a direct quote and one of the best lines I have ever heard.<br />I just wanted to share this because it helped me appreciate the film even more than I did originally.
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|If Use A 4:20 Type Of Person, This Movie Is A Must Get. Fasho, This Film Is Off Tha RiCKtor. Them Wayans Bros Has Done It Again. Imma Keep This Short Because I Dont Have The Ability To Write A Whole Book Like Some Of The Other Reviewers. I Recommened This Movie If U's A Pot Head And Want A Good Laugh, U Wont Be Dissappointed. One Mo Gin Fa Tha BloCK.
B0000017CA|5.0|Acid Bath is one of the most definitive bands I've ever heard.  YOu can't just skip through this album.  You have to start from the beginning and play it through.  I would attempt to give a description of their sound but its hard to nail it...  I recommend The Blue or Jezebel.  Or my personal favorite Toubabo Koomi.  The vocals will send chills through your spine and the diversity of them will amaze you.  The first time I heard it I had to just sit down and experience the whole album.  I went out the next day and bought it and they've been my favorite since.  BUY THIS ALBUM! Regardless of them being no more, the music lives on. This is a VERY VERY good band that deserves to be heard.
B00000IAU3|5.0|omg i love this album. it's amazing how she released this album 2 years ago and know it is in the top 10 for billboard. i love rap and hip hop and i discovered her on the marshall mathers lp, so i went to the store and bought it and, wow!
B000002UJQ|5.0|Within the midst of manufactured bubblegum pop music that fills the airwaves these days, there is salvation to those seeking a deeper sound. Radiohead's &quot;OK Computer&quot; is a road less traveled, an audio cd filled with technological hooks mixed in with layered and moody sounds. The cd opens with the enthralling &quot;Airbag&quot;, which then transcends into more songs, such as the astonishing &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; and the haunting &quot;Climbing Up The Walls&quot;. The cd's finale, the dreamy sloth-like &quot;The Tourist&quot; sends the listener away on a cloud of dreary visions, and when Thom Yorke sings in his elastic voice, &quot;Hey man, slow down, slow down, idiot, slow down, slow down&quot;, we only wish we could slow the end of the cd.  Unlike &quot;Kid A&quot;, &quot;OK Computer&quot; is easier to get into on first listen. It's a superb cd that leaves one looking into the the introspective world of Radiohead and has them searching for more.
B000006TRV|5.0|The Wall is truly an outstanding album.It was the first Floyd album I ever bought,and when I first listened to it,I did not really appreciate it at all.However,it then grew on me,and I discovered the idea behind the albm.Now I think it is the greatest concept album of all time.Each number is brilliant in its own right.It contains true hits like Comfortably Numb,Run Like Hell,and Another Brick in the Wall,and also quick catchy tunes like The Happiest Days of our Lives,The Thin Ice, and Goodbye Blue Sky.Roger Waters is a genius,up their with the likes of Lennon and McCartney.I wouldn't recommend this to be your first Floyd album though,probably get Dark Side of the Moon,but it is a must!
6304795254|3.0|I like this movie so much that I bought it in spite of the fact that it was not done in anamorphic (i.e. &quot;enhanced for 16x9 TVs&quot;) format.  I would give five stars to an anamorphic version.  The &quot;full-screen&quot; version is of sufficient picture quality that it should be acceptable to anyone without a widescreen TV but the letterbox version makes me cringe (this DVD contains both versions).  An HDTV or widescreen television owner may want to wait for a future anamorphic version.
B00004THDI|5.0|&quot;Dances With Wolves&quot; would not have been nearly so great a movie as it turned out to be if not for the efforts of John Barry.  Sure, even with a mediocre soundtrack, it still would have been a very good movie.  But, it would not have been great.  The soundtrack to this movie is much more than just the &quot;finishing touch.&quot;  Rather, it forms the very pillars and beams on which the film is built.  Famous for his music in James Bond movies, Barry here stirs the imagination with his moving &quot;John Dunbar Theme&quot; and leaves you breathless with the accompaniment to the Buffalo hunt.  This soundtrack is SO very well done and such pleasant listening that I would even suggest it to people who have never seen the movie.  Of course, I would also urge people to view the film as well - either before or after they listen to the soundtrack.  This one earned a well deserved Academy award for the score.
B00003CX5A|2.0|The story for &quot;Sleepy Hollow&quot; is said by many to be a classic tale of witchcraft and the supernatural. But, I wholeheartedly disagree. There isn't anything to it after you get past guys on horses without heads terrorizing everything. The movie has sooooo much head chopping that you couldn't see anything more disgusting no matter how hard you looked.
0790736233|3.0|You could buy worse films than this one. Its very entertaining but it does lag in spots. The acting is very good and the storyline is about something that everyone thinks about at one time or another. And there are the right amount of special effects to keep everyone happy.
B000002KB8|5.0|Church bells, thunder and lightning cracks. Welcome to the world of Black Sabbath. Bible black, cat eyed and terrible, enter into the dark side of your imagination through one of the greatest heavy metal meister-werkes of all times. Straight from the furnaces of the Black Country, this album was forged in steel, fire and rage, paranoia, eternal damnation and a hellish Austin Morris.<br />This is a key album for all metal fans everywhere. As for Black Sabbath the band? actually a nice bunch of lads really.<br />Go on, frighten the young Foggies if you dare!<br />regards,<br />martyn_jones@iniciativas.com
B00004XMVL|5.0|I rarely give anything 5 stars but this film deserves it. Why? Because it surpassed my expectations. I went to see this film at the theatre, expecting a few hours of mindless diversion. I was treated to a film of great depth and suspense, loaded with great performances and it had a decent ending. I highly recommend this film.
068815333X|4.0|... and just want to add that whoever designs the slipcovers of Lehane's books should get some sort of award. A Drink Before the War, Darkness, and this one really stand out. How often do you notice slipcover art, or realize that it affects the overall mood of a book, even slightly?
B000056VIY|1.0|She's so talented..... &quot;Singer&quot;, &quot;Actress&quot;,&quot;Famous Girlfriend&quot;, &quot;Shooting Witness&quot;. Wow. She does it all, or that's what her publicity machine would have you believe. The fact is that she can't sing, she can't act and now that she got her Puffy growth removed, she has a limited amount of shelf life. <br />  This is just one more in a long line of hyped up hoochies who look good in a tight outfit but have less talent than a trained cat.<br />  People, have some self respect, don't buy this nonsense.
B000002VCU|5.0|This is going to sound weird, but I actually bought this album by just hearing one track and that track was a &quot;B&quot; side track.  It was the morning before my work day started and I was relaxing in the darkened bar of the hotel/restaurant where I work when all of a sudden the jukebox starts playing mysteriously the &quot;Goldbug&quot; song.  It was really eeiry because if you recall the song, it introduces about four or five instruments, each layered one on top of the other, one at a time(a regular &quot;Project&quot; device), before it crescendos with it's full melody.  And so it begins with the whistling, then the drums, the synths, and so on.  By the fifth instrument, I realize that the hotel and jukebox aren't haunted and that the box is probably programed to play at intervals.  But the point isn't so much my story, but the satisfaction I enjoyed listening to that single Parson ditty.  I rushed out that weekend and bought the tape and was never so pleased with any music purchase as I was with that one.  And even though the predessor of &quot;Friendly Card:&quot;  &quot;Eye In The Sky,&quot; was allready released, this tape was what really sold me on Parson's.  Much of the original Project music is now dated, but it still sounds great.  And I'm certain that Alan Parson's is still recording although I think he dropped the Project in the bands name.  I recommend any of his albums, but maybe you won't need my recommendation.  Maybe you'll have your own haunted jukebox experience.  solo.
B00004W52U|3.0|This CD, aptly named, is packed with thrash energy. Politics? Yes. Screaming? Of course. Horns? No, but many covers of Op Ivy songs have them. To get the whole picture of the 'greatly renowned' Operation Ivy, just get Energy. There's a shortage of actual musical fluidity in the CD and I'm not quite sure why people were so impressed by them. Lots of yelling, even for a 'punk' CD [come on, Dead Kennedys and Sex Pistols didn't shriek]. Some arrangements are impressive, but still noisy. The real talent of Op is in their lyric-writing; it's poetic and politically driven. But even then, it gets really tired. Things get old. The disc just gets to be a bore after a while. And then you wonder why you bought it. And then you remember that it was because they're hyped.   In short, it's an impressive addition to a broad-taste collection of music; it represents ska, punk AND hardcore all in a nice little package. Makes you look cultured. Any self-respecting poseur punk [ha] should pick this up to score some hardcore-and-ska points in the game of fakin' it. And of course, any self-respecting genuine fan of ska punk and politics should chuck this in the cart too--not necessarily to listen to, just to show off.
B0000508U6|5.0|Coldplay conquered their UK home territory when &quot;Parachutes&quot; was released there in July 2000. The album &quot;officially&quot; arrived in the US in November, and is finally making some headway due to the exposure of the hard-rocking singalong track &quot;Yellow&quot;. Coldplay's &quot;Paracchutes&quot; is the logical extension of Travis' &quot;The Man Who&quot; of a year ago, and is equally compelling, mixing hard to resist melodies (at times rocking hard, at times very intimate) with touching lyrics about love, regret, hope, life.<br />&quot;Don't Panic&quot; is a stunning album opener, with the immortal line, and pseudo-motto for the band, &quot;We Live in a Beautiful World&quot;. (An earlier version of this song can be found on the &quot;Blue Room EP, without that guitar riff during the &quot;Beautiful World&quot; chorus.)<br />&quot;Shiver&quot;, in the UK the first single from the album, starts off with a great riff and then showcases an interplay between vocals and guitar. One of the &quot;harder&quot; songs on the album.<br />&quot;Spies&quot; starts off with the electric guitar whaling away, to give room to the quiet vocals of Chris Martin, with the rest of the ban then joining in. One of the better songs on the album. (It also is the opening song on their current US tour: with the stage still dark, opening music of Ennio Morricone, yes he of the &quot;spagetti westerns&quot;, eventually giving way to the band coming on stage and starting &quot;Spies&quot;. If you have a chance to catch them live, don't hesitate! Go! Run!)<br />&quot;Sparks&quot; is a quiet song, with Chris leading on accoustic guitar and leading to a haunting chorus. It reminded me of Fiona Apple's most &quot;desparate quiet&quot; songs.<br />&quot;Yellow&quot; is the track that put the band on the US map, and while of course not bad, I find it to be one of the less compelling songs on the album. But a good &quot;singalong&quot; rocker, for sure.<br />&quot;Trouble&quot; is another piano-led, softer song. Then comes the title track &quot;Parachutes&quot;, lasting all of 41 seconds, with Chris on accoustic guitar. After that, the album loses direction for a while, till we get to the closing track &quot;Everything's Not Lost&quot;, which is a fitting finale as it nearly sums up what Coldplay is all about: strong melody, touching lyrics, emotions all around.<br />&quot;Parachutes&quot; is the best album of the year, so far... I know it is technically a Year 2000 album, but oh well... (Incidentally, the album's music samples which you can click on at the top of the page, are pretty good and representative of the album.)r piano-led, softer song. Then comes the title track &quot;Parachutes&quot;, lasting all of 41 seconds, with Chris on accoustic guitar. After that, the album loses direction for a while, till we get to the closing track &quot;Everything's Not Lost&quot;, which is a fitting finale as it nearly sums up what Coldplay is all about: strong melody, touching lyrics, emotions all around.<br />&quot;Parachutes&quot; is the best album of the year, so far... I know it is technically a Year 2000 album, but oh well... (Incidentally, the album's music samples which you can click on at the top of the page, are pretty good and representative of the album.)
B00004SZWD|5.0|Just to clear up some confusion that Eric V. Moye had, regarding this album. The smaller disc that he mentioned is included on the release. It is the last four songs. The song 'Lately', which is also one of my favorite songs, is on the 'Hotter Than July' album, which is also a great album
079073463X|4.0|This is a great movie. I've watched it so many times. Two people who will never see each other in human form. A lady Hawk at day, a woman at night. Her handler, a wolf at night, but a man by day. Never to  see each other again. Well not that dramatic, but still. This is the perfect movie, and I'd recomend it to anyone. Very magical...
0525945636|2.0|if on the cover it is not shown 'ken follet' as author, how many copies this book will sell and how many review it will collect? luigi accomazzo italy
B00000JPH4|5.0|This movie is the best, everything about it is magical and some how creepy. Jim Henson is the best! From Laybrinth to this, I can't get enough of watching these over again. Story line is easy to follow, the music is fun, and the characters are easy to fall in love with. From children to your grandparents, this is a  must watch,  ~Isriah~
B0000524E5|5.0|- This is just a brilliant movie which combines o lot of aspects in youth problemacy..! -I really love this movie....!
B0000524E5|5.0|This is just a brilliant movie which combines a lot of aspects in  thought of youth problemacy...!! - I really love this movie...
B00005214X|4.0|I remember very clearly when this three album package came out in late 1970. It had been many months since the breakup of the  Beatles, and I did not know such an album was coming from George (the quiet one). Whatever that means.<br />As I remember, John's Plasic Ono Band album had been released a month before, and that was an impressive album also. Quite the opposite from what George was now releasing.<br />The full Wall-of-Sound production was great, but looking back now, I think limiting that kind of production to maybe a just few songs would have served George better. Everthing didn't need to  be sooo Big!<br />My Sweet Lord-Great,  Wah-Wah-Great-Great!, Apple Scruffs-Same! I loved Isn't It a Pity, and think that was one song that needed the big layered sound, but the coda could've been shorter.<br />I'm glad Geroge is Remixing and Rereleasing his catalog. There are many great George songs buried on alot of his albums.<br />Your Love is Forever, Dark Sweet Lady, the list goes on...<br />Can't wait for the new material!<br />Brian
B00000JMQC|5.0|Fairuza Balk as Dorothy returns to Oz and has several adventures with many familiar and some not so familiar characters.  Some of the scenes might be a little scary for very small children, but this movie is a real treat for dyed-in-the-wool Oz fans.  The special effects are MUCH better than the original Oz movie's.  Balk's Dorothy is much younger more real than Judy Garland's.
0452281881|5.0|I work for an interactive advertising agency and I swear I can equate each of these characters with someone at work.  I wouldn't be surprised if they were up to the same no-good, backstabbing, shallow, oversexed, unscrupulous, political crap as Beaumont's characters.  Okay, who am I kidding, I know we...er...they are.<br />In short, it's advertising and it's funny.  You don't have to be in the biz to appreciate it.  Be prepared to laugh where ever you are when you read it, and you won't care who hears you cackle.<br />Pony up the bucks, it's well worth it.
0385335482|4.0|I read this entire book last night -- I'm suffering for that today at work, but it was worth it! This book had me laughing out loud in many places, not only because I saw a lot of myself in Rebecca, but also because she is completely clueless.  If you enjoyed Bridget Jones, Getting Over It, etc., you will LOVE this book!  The only little complaint I have?  I would have liked Ms. Kinsella to develop the romance a little bit more between Luke and Rebecca.  He sounds like someone who could really get Rebecca to grow up, and I would have liked to have a little more coverage of their interaction.  Otherwise, this book's a 10!
1558216847|5.0|It has been a few years since I read this book.  I remember closing the back cover, in awe, and sitting motionless for about an hour as I pondered this incredible ordeal.  Over the course of the next few weeks, I loaned the book out to three or four people, each having a similar response.<br />Slavomir Rawicz has written of the experience of a group of men who embarked on and completed an incredible journey -- under circumstances no modern adventurer would consider undertaking.  I believe it is impossible to read the book without coming to the conclusion that most of what we consider difficult or challenging in this world does not deserve those adjectives.  I have never quite been the same since I finished the thing.  This is essential reading for anyone who seeks to understand the power of the human spirit to triumph against all odds.
0446310786|5.0|How many people when asked to name their favorite book of all time can pare it down to one? I can, easily. This fine, fine novel is, in fact, degraded by referring to it as a &quot;great book.&quot; It is no less than one of the greatest works of art of the 20th century. To read it is a life changing experience. Considering that I first read it 25 years ago and am now singing its praises via a media that was not yet invented at that time is a testament to this fact. I will not labor to offer a synopsis of the book as these are already offered in abundance. Let me just say that with each subsequent perusal of this book, I am equally delighted and saddened that I am not discovering it for the first time.
1556154844|5.0|This is a must read for the intermediate to senior C++ programmer. It explains a lot of the HowTo succeed. This is a good stepping ground for programmers interested in being Mentors, Team Leaders, Tech Leaders, etc.
B00000DI2T|5.0|I ordered this CD set from Amazon.com in early January of 2001.  I wanted to listen though the set a few times before I jumped into writing a review.  I wanted to give each performance time to settle in my mind and give each one more than one listening.  Going through the complete Mahler symphonies and orchestral songs is quite an investment of time.  One is looking at close to 18 hours of music.  Word to the wise:  Don't go through the complete cycle in one sitting!!<br />With that said, I must say this is an incredible compilation of recordings.  All recorded digitally (with a minor exception), DG has remastered these recordings and they are impeccable as far as sound goes.  I wanted to begin with the sound quality so that any sound-wary listeners would instantly know that they are of impeccable quality.<br />The performances overall are incredible.  On a scale of 1 - 10, the following are my reviews of the symphonies:<br />Symphony No. 1 ---  10 Stars (a more fiery performance would be hard to find)<br />Symphony No. 2 ---  9 Stars (a fantastic performance by the orchestra, chorus, and soloist; however, some tempo choices were a bit disturbing)<br />Symphony No. 3 ---  10 Stars (the definitive Mahler 3, huge dynamics, incredibly built climaxes, and a spirited finale)<br />Symphony No. 4 --- 9 Stars Symphony No. 5 --- 10 Stars (this was one Lenny owned) Symphony No. 6 --- 9 Stars (Sir John Barbirolli's EMI recording is the tops on this symphony, but Bernstein's is very close)<br />Symphony No. 7 --- 9 Stars (one of the more difficult Mahler symphonies to understand and follow, but a great performance with well judged tempi)<br />Symphony No. 8 --- 9 Stars (George Solti's Decca recording is hard to beat and therefore, 10 Stars is saved for that recording)<br />Symphony No. 9 --- 10 Stars (Such an incredible symphony that really is the pinnacle and defining symphony of Mahler.  Here Bernstein almost has you feeling that Mahler is conducting the symphony himself)<br />Symphony No. 10 --- 9 Stars (great performance, but the symphony is not one of my faves)<br />The orchestral songs are great as well.  With a great cast of incredible singers, Mahler's song cycles are also well represented in this box set.  Although this box set is quite an investment, it is well worth it to Mahler and Bernstein fans.  They are great insights into one of the 20th century's greatest composers.  Not only are they that, but the performances will move you if you listen --- guaranteed./>Symphony No. 10 --- 9 Stars (great performance, but the symphony is not one of my faves)<br />The orchestral songs are great as well.  With a great cast of incredible singers, Mahler's song cycles are also well represented in this box set.  Although this box set is quite an investment, it is well worth it to Mahler and Bernstein fans.  They are great insights into one of the 20th century's greatest composers.  Not only are they that, but the performances will move you if you listen --- guaranteed.
B000002R48|5.0|The fact that Dream Theater's nucleus (guitarist John Petrucci, bassist John Myung, drummer Mike Portnoy, and keyboardist Kevin Moore) were able to produce an album like this in their very early 20s is astonishing. Implementing various influences, most prominently those of Rush and Queensryche, Dream Theater became one of the torchbearers for the progressive metal movement. The instrumental faculty they display at this early stage in their careers in amazing, and their creativity is incredible. From the progressive metal trappings of &quot;A Fortune in Lies&quot; to the dazzling feat of virtuosity that is &quot;Ytse Jam&quot; to the grandiose, gorgeous epic &quot;The Killing Hand,&quot; Dream Theater shows that they are a band with talent, brains, and ingenuity.<br />There's a slight element of 80s' cheese, especially with Charlie Dominici's vocal style and the amusing pop-metal banality of &quot;Status Seeker,&quot; but it doesn't undermine the album's inherent quality. Dominici's voice, however, lacks the skill, power, and emotion that Dream Theater's music necessitates. (He's not awful, he just doesn't fit the music too well.) It's also unfortunate that the record's production can't complement the band's fervor. Terry Date is generally a fine producer, so I attribute the rotten production to the low budget with which this album was made.<br />If you're a Dream Theater fan, you owe it to yourself to own this one. It has some of their best songs (especially the phenomenal &quot;The Killing Hand&quot;), and you can gloss over the shortcomings with your love for this band. If you new to Dream Theater and looking for a place to start, DON'T BUY THIS ALBUM. The crappy production and iffy vocals may turn you off of the finest progressive metal band on the planet. Get Images and Words instead. It's a good place to begin.
0345440757|2.0|My first impression of this book was that it was like welcoming a sweet English Aunt into your home for a chat about babycare. Her ideas sounded gentle, yet common sense at first. <br />I do agree with her flexible routine (EASY). I've used this with my daughter who is now 18 months, and my son who is 2 months, though I got it from a different source. Both are great sleepers, so I agree that the daytime routine can affect the nighttime sleep. :)<br />Beyond that - I found very little of the information in this book to be helpful. Her categories for classifying babies was oversimplified. I don't agree with her opinions of baby bouncers or swings (she's against them completely). And worst of all is her opinions on breastfeeding! Her advice is inaccurate. She tells mothers to supplement with formula before their milk comes in if the baby is less than 6 lbs at birth! She says nipple confusion is a myth. She says that droopy breasts are a result of breastfeeding, though other sources say it's the pregnancy that causes any breast changes - not the breastfeeding. You get the distinct impression that she is very anti-breastfeeding the more you read. As a breastfeeding mother, I was offended by her lack of knowledge of the subject and suprised that she is a lactation consultant (it doesnt show).<br />Overall, there are some good ideas here if you haven't gotten them from other sources already, but I would really caution a new Mom from taking much of this book too seriously - especially the feeding chapter.
B00004LN16|5.0|This is a masterful dollop of rock n roll the way it is supposed to be. Thank goodness these guys did not sell out like other rock bands of their time, such as The Pretenders or Scorpion. On this album, AC/DC rocks like it;s 1979. Who knew such a sound could still be created in the current musical atmosphere of cluttered production, techno drum beats and prefabricated pop music?<br />No, AC/DC will not give you poetry, their lyrics are as wonderfully bourgeois as Angus's gritty guitar. Personally, I delight in lyrics such as &quot;Love at First Feel&quot; or choruses like &quot;All Screwed Up&quot; and &quot;I'll Be Damned.&quot; Stiff Upper Lip is indeed the best album since the legendary &quot;Back in Black.&quot; This album is full of the kind of fun, adventurous brainlessness that you seek when going to see a Steven Segal film or  moonlight bowling with some buddies on Saturday night.<br />These guys rock to high heaven, and on Stiff Upper Lip, they may have lost a bit of melody, some of the throat gripping luster of Dirty Deeds and Hells Bells may be irretrievable by now, but every track offers hooks, riffs, drums and vocals that you can sink your teeth into. Come to think of it, listening to Stiff Upper Lip is little different from biting into a juicy London Broil. That is what classic, hard rock is supposed to feel like, and these guys have it down to the bone. This is in fact a new installment in the canon of &quot;essential&quot; AC/DC albums.<br />If you're looking for fun on your morning commute or at the beach on a carefree August night or just laying around in your room and hoping the world will just shut up for a few hours, Stiff Upper Lip is an instant pleaser.
0394720288|5.0|All the Jeeves &amp; Bertie stories are excellent, but Code of the Woosters somehow manages to improve on perfection.  The story does pick up in the middle somewhat (you may want to read Right Ho, Jeeves first) but it's not essential.  You can read Wodehouse in any order.
0792839129|5.0|I loved this movie as a child, and my children have loved it since they were two!  Dick Van Dyke is wonderful as always, and the story moves right along.  The songs are so good, you'll find yourself singing them for days.  Don't let your kids grow up without seeing this classic!
B000002L3P|5.0|This album has great musicianship from all the members. They meld so well together to produce a great blues/rock sound. KSW is excellent on guitar and Kevin Smith deserves special mention on drums. There are very few tracks that don't jump out and grab you. The two following albums are also superb. The album does not have a sameness about the tracks, covering a reasonably wide spectrum of moods and sounds. A must for any blues/rock fan.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|Its got to be dificult to pick Lenny Kravits greatest hits. This album comes close to perfection. Its one of those CD,s that you can pop into the player and just let it play. Being a great fan, I am disapointed some of my favorites didnt make it but how many songs can you fit on one disk? Perhaps it will serve to introduce Lenny to new people and they will buy his other albums. Incredible album by one of the best talents of our generation.
078322687X|3.0|This is a great movie but the problem is that these teenagers argue, argue, and argue.  How can it be that the metalhead and the girl in the pink (not the wierd girl) be cussing the hell out of each other and not saying sorry and at the end, they start kissing, and the sporty guy (emilio estevest) be kissing that wierd girl.  every body cussed each other but none of them got into a fight,  if it was real life then they all would of got into a fight (a royal rumble probably) but all they did was argue, complain, and cussing.  even the princable bullied the kids, and who ever says the girl in the pink is pretty, SHE IS NOT, her hair gets all messy and girls look ugly with short hair, the movie is a really good movie and is a worthy of watching but too much complaining and stuff.
B0000019HU|5.0|A superficial view of rock history would suggest that Grunge changed the face of the genre, a second coming of Punk that rang the death-knell for both libidinous poodle-rockin' soft metal and the third rate post Nu Wave art school pretension that did the commercial rounds in the early 90's.  A more considered analysis points to Slint's &quot;Spiderland&quot; as The Album That Started All The Trouble, imposing the more spacious and pared-down appeal of ambient techno and the less frenetic agenda of classical minimalism on the mechanics and instrumentation of rock.  This is where rock first learned to chill from a cerebral perspective, and to appreciate the virtues of introspection without the self-obsession and existential baggage that characterised earlier attempts.  Subsequent offerings of a similar ilk have been termed &quot;math rock&quot;, largely due to the increased harmonic and rhythmic complexity to which &quot;Spiderland&quot; gave birth.  It's largely a dark and claustrophobic album, alternating episodes of crunching and oppressive intensity with stark and rarefied breaks that allow the music to breathe.  It's also an undeniable landmark in Rock History, now would someone please release a properly mastered version?
B00000DR5W|4.0|The opening track You Do Me is faintly reminiscent of a Prince pop-dance number both in title and sound due to large part that lead vocals are supplied by Jill Jones (once a part of the Paisley One's list of protogees).Other tracks are quite simply eclectic and highly likeable or contagious. At times you're not sure if he's going for the whole nine yards of r&amp;b/ hip-hop/club or is going to pull something grandiose in the tradition of a movie soundtrack or new age;He does them all effortlessly. There's even a hidden bonus track or shorter version of You Do Me at the end of the disc. The song Calling From Tokyo was actually featured on the soundtrack of Black Rain (Michael Douglas/Andy Garcia cop thriller which takes place in Japan).The only change was that it was titled Laser Man and was an instrumental with background singing only.For eclectic music collectors this is one of Sakamoto's more main stream projects that contains such diverse yet popular stylings or material.
B00005214X|2.0|Don't get me wrong, I love the Dark Horse and all, but George: How's about coming out with something new instead of remastering 30 year old songs! My Sweet Lord 2000 is about as memorable as the Blues Brothers 2000. In other words, if you already have this album don't waste your money buying it again. I'ts time for us as music fans to stand up and say no to record company attempts to divest us of funds for albums we already own. When George comes out with something new, buy that. In the meantime just say Pass.
B000056VIY|1.0|Seeing the new Jennifer Lopez album and all its hype, I was expecting a really good CD.  Obviously, Jennifer Lopez is not a serious singer, but her songs are usually pretty decent. (Digital enhancement works wonders these days.)  However, it seems that not even some major tweaking could help this crummy album.  The songs - many written by J.Lo herself, along with 'Puffy' Combs - are unoriginal and boring.  The two best songs are  &quot;Play&quot; and &quot;Dame&quot;, but otherwise, no songs really ring the bell. J.Lo sounds like she wishes she were the next Janet, but before she gains diva status, she sound learn how to put some feeling into her songs.  Not to mention, some tone in her voice.  Sorry J.Lo - your love may not cost a thing, but your CD may have cost you your &quot;singing&quot; career.
B000002UQJ|3.0|Off The Ground finds Paul McCartney in a new age, positive mood.  The songs have an air of hope for change and elevating your self to another level.  He continues his collaboration with Elvis Costello on two fine songs &quot;Mistress &amp; Maid&quot; and &quot;The Lovers That Never Were&quot;.  The album contains some other good songs, the airy title track, the pulsating &quot;Hope Of Deliverance&quot;, &quot;Biker Like An Icon&quot; and &quot;Winedark Open Sea&quot;.  There are a few clunkers, &quot;Get Out of My Way&quot; &amp; &quot;Peace In The Neighborhood&quot; to name two, but overall it is a quality effort.
6304493681|5.0|Ghost in the Shell is groundbreaking in its seamless use of CGI; this combined with its extreme visual detail makes for an impressive film, especially when seen on a large screen.  Based upon the manga (Japanese comic) by Masamune Shirow, the main character, Major Kusinagi, is a government agent tracking the ellusive Puppet Master, who ghost-hacks cyborgs in 2029 A.D. and has them commit his crimes.  The ubiquitous nature of technology melds with the technophobic aspects of life in the future as deep philosophical questions asked by Humans since the beginning of time are treated in a novel manner via these &quot;given&quot; SF characters.  <br />Note that the subtitled version is FAR superior to the dubbed version.
B000005RT8|4.0|McCartney II finds Paul McCartney losing Wings and heading back to style of recording he did on his first solo album.  Instead of the down home, easy stylings of the first record, McCartney II finds him experimenting with the new wave, electronic sounds of the time.  The album is heavily drenched with keyboards and while it doesn't always work, the spirit of the attempt is true.  &quot;Coming Up&quot; is an excellent, funky song that in a live version would be his first number one song of the 80's.  There are two instrumentals, &quot;Frozen Jap&quot; and Front Parlour&quot; aren't too impressive.  &quot;Waterfalls&quot; is a good ballad as is &quot;One Of These Days&quot;.  Two of the bonus tracks, &quot;Goodnight Tonight&quot; and &quot;Secret Friend&quot; are interesting.  The former is his take on disco music and it has one of his catchiest hooks while the latter is a 10 minute spaced out number that ranks as one of the most experimental things he's ever done.
B00004W55E|5.0|I purchased this recording after listening to an interview with George Duke.  He raved about the talent of this singularly unique artist, my interest was piqued.  &quot;Individuality&quot; is a stunning achievement, it is a seamless blend of sound and texture but most of all raw, passionate emotion.  Listening to &quot;I Forgive You&quot;  you begin to understand the illogical nature of love.  This recording forces you to feel.  I was particularly struck by two songs, &quot;Gaia&quot; and &quot;I Can Explain&quot;.  I felt the awesome power of responsibility to preserve mother earth (Gaia) in the plaintive, urgent plea of Ms. Ferrell who exercises such beautiful restraint and not becoming preachy.  The emotional divining rod that is her voice is put on prominent display in the simple, direct, gut wrenching ode to working it out, &quot;I Can Explain&quot;. This song is a fitting end to a musical journey that is an exploration of feelings without apology.  I can honestly say that I listened with the greatest amount of humility and respect to this recording. Rachelle has given us a special gift, her musical individualty.  This exquisite recording will not disappoint, it offers so many layers of excellence.
B000002ULO|5.0|The work on the Beatles Anthology series must have reinvigorated Paul McCartney as 1997's Flaming Pie is his best album since 1982's Tug Of War. The songs are crisp, catchy and with the help of Jeff Lynne, immaculately produced. &quot;The Song We Were Singing&quot;, &quot;The World Tonight&quot;, &quot;Young Boy&quot;, &quot;Heaven On Sunday&quot;, &quot;Somedays&quot; and the title track are all worthy of the title of being Paul McCartney songs.  The best song on the album is the beautiful &quot;Calico Skies&quot;.  Mr. McCartney knows how to write a ballad and the song is among his best.  Flaming Pie was a major success, debuting and peaking at number 2, it was unbelievably his first top ten record in 15 years.
0688156819|4.0|The book is a bit over-priced for it's small content, but where else are you going to get original drawings and poems from the mind who brought you PEE WEE'S BIG ADVENTURE, BEETLEJUICE, BATMAN, SLEEPY HOLLOW and EDWARD SCISSORHANDS? Burton's short, simple poems and illustrations are reminiscent of Edward Gorey and will appeal to those with a grim, dark and offbeat sense of humor. If this is not you then you will probably not like ...OYSTER BOY. The stories seem simple and silly (and don't get me wrong, they are) but they're also about  isolation and being different from everyone around you (a trait all of Burton's film characters share).<br />...OYSTER BOY is a great little book that any fan would be happy to have, especially if you love seeing Burton's unique illustrative style.
B000056HOZ|5.0|The original Bruce Springsteen video anthology was release din 1989 and it contained all his video work up to that point.  This reissue expands the original video to contain his work up until 2000.  Mr. Springsteen's songs are vividly written, so they practically beg for video treatment.  In fact, Sean Penn based the movie he made his directorial debut on, Indian Runner, around &quot;Highway Patrolman&quot; from Nebraska.  Mr. Penn directs a video for the song that is made of clips from his movie.  Other recent clips includes other soundtrack songs for &quot;Streets Of Philadelphia&quot; and &quot;Dead Man Walking&quot; directed by Jonathan Demme &amp; Tim Robbins respectively.  Mr. Demme also directs &quot;Murder Incorporated&quot; and the most recent video, &quot;If I Should Fall Behind&quot;.  On his 1999-2000 tour, the song was a shared vocal effort.  Mr. Springsteen, Little Steven, Nils Lofgren, Patti Scialfa and Clarence Clemons would all sing a verse with a group huddle around the mic at the end.  The video perfectly captures this feel with the mic being the center of attention.  A great video.  The older videos still stand up especially the John Sayles trilogy of &quot;Born In The U.S.A.&quot;, &quot;I'm On Fire&quot; and &quot;Glory Days&quot;.  &quot;U.S.A.&quot; is particularly outstanding and ranks as one of the best videos ever made.  &quot;Tunnel Of Love&quot; and &quot;Brilliant Disguise&quot; are strong and &quot;One Step Up&quot; has a rare &quot;acting&quot; performance from Mr. Springsteen.  Two of the most powerful videos don't include Mr. Springsteen at all; &quot;Atlantic City&quot; and &quot;The Ghost Of Tom Joad&quot;.  They are both shot in black and white and the former captures the stark nature of the Nebraska album and the latter (with photos by his sister Pamela) captures the desperation of the Joad album.  This anthology is an absolute must for any Springsteen fan and a great collection for even the casual fan.
0060977493|5.0|In 1997, i picked up my first of many more copies of Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things. That book changed my life. I think i paid a mere 10+ dollars for a lifelong therapy session! Roy's sarcastic witty metaphorical prose is one that can never be surpassed...Why? because it is Real. To describe this book with mere words would be to violate its intensity, honesty and literary beauty. It would also be shamefull to violate Roy's world of people who die at a 'Viable die-able age.' One last word of advice. READ IT THROUGH...Even if the first chapter confuses you. Oh, and did i mention, i cried.
0060245867|5.0|The Book, If You Give a Mouse a Cookie, by Felicia Bond, was wonderful!  It's a great book for kids.  The illustrations are very nice (including the mouse's overalls), and the content is fun and imaginative.  It is about the cycle of a mouse's wants, and what might happen if you give it to him, leading through a boy's day.  I would recommed this book to all adults with children, because they will love it!
B000002UDG|5.0|All The Best collects 17 of Paul McCartney's solo hits.  The songs show why he is the greatest writer of pop songs in music history.  &quot;Band On The Run&quot;, &quot;Live &amp; Let Die&quot;, &quot;Listen To What The Man Said&quot;, With A Little Luck&quot;, &quot;Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey&quot; and &quot;Jet&quot; are all masterful works.  &quot;Ebony &amp; Ivory&quot; would be notable for the fact it brought together Stevie Wonder &amp; Mr. McCartney, but it's a great song to boot.  &quot;Junior's Farm&quot; is one of his most underrated songs and &quot;Another Day&quot; is tremendous.  There are no bad songs here, as the title says, it's All The Best.
B00005214X|5.0|&quot;All Things Must Pass&quot; is an astounding musical breakthrough as it clearly was composed from the heart and soul of it's artist. The track, &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot; is a rock anthem of great spiritual longing. George Harrison's voice reveals an authenticity that is so much lacking in todays imitations. &quot;Isn't It A Pity&quot; is a soothing but contemplative piece of great musical genius and compassion. Once again, by the re-mastered release of this album, I think the world will benefit by hearing its transcendant yearning and lessons in a thoroughly entertaining presentation.
0800177975|5.0|This is a fantastic action film with loads of funny moments that I found very refreshing and cool. I knew it wasn't going to be a super serious action epic which is fine. Arnold is great. So is Charles Dance as &quot;Benedict&quot;. Big explosions, helicopters loaded with guns. Great music and plenty of car stunts. I especially like the little mini-gun in the mini-van, very cool. Very enjoyable film that doesn't take itself too seriously. Buy it now!!
079213690X|5.0|wow!!!!!!.thats what i think about this fantastic movie.this moive is a story about william wallace (mel gibson)who thought for freedom.i think that the end of the movie when william screams freedoooooooooooom is the best acting scene of a movie.mel gibson is a great sctor that i really like and in this movie his acting is just superb.mel is the right man for this kind of movie.i think that braveheart is more a love story movie than a historical movie.when i saw the movie for the first time i was just stunned and in the second time i was more stunned.this kind of movie you want to see over and over again.all of the actors in this movie are doing great job and also the director(mel gibson).if you havn't saw this movie you haven't saw movie in your life.if i can say in one word what i think about this movie i will say-FREEDOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOM!!!!!!
B00000AFFF|5.0|Elvis and Burt produced a most excellent record here.  It is a must buy if you are and EC fan.
B000002KBU|5.0|I'll admit that I've only listened to a couple of the songs on this album but they captivate me.  I have however looked indepth at her lyrics.  Joni Mitchell knows exactly how to convey any emotion through her use of imagery, metaphors and similes....just look at the song &quot;Blue.&quot; And just a note to all of you who noted that she's the best thing to happen to American music or she's the essence of Americana....remember one thing, she was born in Alberta....she's Canadian.
B000002UAX|5.0|What can I say about The White Album that hasn't been said before? An amazing two disc set with 30 songs total. Opening with Back In The USSR, Ringo sings a Beach Boys parody/ tribute/.... Next, John gives us two amazing songs: Dear Prudence is a down-tempo ballad and Glass Onion is like I am The Walrus, a poppy song with strings. Ob-La-Di is a cheesey (yet catchy) song by Paul. It's an up-beat piano song with an odd bass line. Wild Honey Pie is the first filler track: Paul screams HONEY PIE over strange noises for barely a minute. Bungalow Bill is a folk song about a hunters that switches tempo nicely. While My Guitar... is George's first contribution. It's an excellent ballad with Eric Clapton (!) giving an awesome performance on lead guitar (obviously). Happieness... is John's strange tempo-switching rocker. It starts as a bluesy ballad, gets fast and straight than, without warning, turns to 1950's Doo-Wop. Marth My Dear is Paul's poppy ballad about his dog. I'm So Tired is an amazing ballad by John that gets faster as John's lyrics get more bitter, than slows down. Blackbird is optimistic ballad by Paul (I think). Piggies is another George song, with a harpsicord and bizarre lyrics. Rocky Racoon is Paul's mock country song, armed with only an accoustic guitar, a piano, funny country lyrics and a strange accent, Paul delivers. Don't Pass Me By answers the age old question: &quot;How come Ringo never writes songs?&quot; It's an Okay song with a strang piano-thingy and a fiddle. Why Don't We... is another filler song, slow and bluesey. I will is a song Sir McCartney could of written in his sleep, very radio Friendly. Julia is another great ballad by John. Birthday, Me and My Monkey, and Helter Skelter are all good, hard rock songs, particullarly Helter Skelter. Yer Blues is (suprise) a blues song by John. Very bluesy and loose feeling. Mother Nature... has Paul succeeding at writing a Lennon ballad. Sexy Sadie is a soft, piano rocker. Long... is another George songthat's unbearably quiet. Reveloution is an interesting, laid back Lennon rocker. Honey Pie is a 1920's sounding ballad. George continues his roll with Savory Truffel, a horn-driven rocker about a box-o-chocolates. Cry Baby Cry is a ballad. #9 is John Lennon screwing around with a tape recorder, mixing a guy saying &quot;Number Nine....&quot; with backwards vocals, people yelling, and noise in general. A good idea, but not for eight ... minutes! Good Night is sung by Ringo and closes off th album in a string-laden ballad fashion. IGNORE THE EXPENSIFE PRICE BUY THE ALBUM! <br />Mr. No-Name, The Fat Guy
B000005RT8|1.0|Yes, this album reminds me of the tale, &quot;The Emperor has no clothers&quot;.  While some call this album good and some call it great, the music fan from St. Paul, MN wrote how attrocous this CD is.  The music fan obviously can see what most others fail to see or say...that this album is horrible.<br />If it were not Paul Mac, this CD would not have sold 10,000 copies and would be lucky to find it's way to the cut-out bins.<br />Save your money for a Ginsu knife before spending it on this, easily the worst album by any former Beatle.
0811826848|5.0|What can I say about this book?  What can't I say about this book, I am 17 years old, and not many people in my school are as big Beatles fans as me and my friend Rich are.  But I brought this book to school with me everyday and read it.  People would say they didnt like the Beatles, but if I play a song for them, chances are they have heard it, and like it.  So I have let a couple friends who weren't Beatles fans borrow my book.  And every one of them loved it.  I will read this book again and again, for a long time.  If you like the Beatles now, or have ever liked them, you will want to get this book.  It's loaded with stories behind the music, and lyrics, and tales of their childhood.  Along with many many pictures, this huge book covers the entire career of the Beatles rise to the top from Liverpool.
B000051VWW|4.0|It's more than a bit unusual that an R &amp; B torch song princess would choose to release an album of hard rock anthems backed by the likes of Sammy Hagar, Ace Frehley and Ronnie James Dio, but that's exactly what Sade has done on &quot;Lovers Rock&quot;, her latest outing. From the fist-pumping adrenaline rush of &quot;By Your Side&quot; featuring a blistering guitar solo by ex-Guns and Roses axeman Slash, to the sonic heavy metal onslaught of &quot;Slave Song&quot;, a duet with AC/DC's Brian Johnson, Sade takes no prisoners. A nice change of pace and a bold move artistically as Sade risks alienating her long-time fan base.
B00003W8NM|5.0|I invited my next door neighbor to see this movie. He is a rational, educated, thinking man and a devout Christian. Shortly into the movie I observed that he was becoming agitated. About 2/3rds into it I asked him if everything was all right. He mumbled something under his breath to the effect of: &quot;This movie does not represent my culture,&quot; to which I responded, &quot;Thank goodness!&quot;<br />After the movie ended he left quickly with no follow-up discussion, which is unusual for us. Two minutes later he rang the doorbell and stood there clutching his bible. I invited him in. He said that he thought I needed to pray after watching &quot;Fight Club&quot; -- that we needed to pray together. I asked why, and a conversation started which lasted the better part of an hour during which he kept citing Jungian psychology and WWF wrestling. I told him that I did not watch wrestling and I did not know much about Jung which prompted him to ask what, then, did I like about the movie? What I like about this movie is:<br />  &quot;This work of fiction, this movie, is so well crafted    that it caused my neighbor to run home for his bible.&quot;<br />I then spent most of the hour trying to calm him down as if he was on a bad acid trip. This was the most ridiculous personal interaction I can remember. Most people, I swear, should not be allowed to watch anything more challenging than &quot;Friends&quot;!
0345423496|1.0|Well, what can I say about the worst book I've ever read that hasn't been already said?<br />I'll start from the end. We have that virus ending, for which you probably know everything, but I'll say it anyway. Yes, they take some viruses made in our time, which probably won't do much damage to today's computers, and probably won't work under Unix/Linux or some other platform, but they destroy the monolith. And what does Clarke say afterwards? That he hasn't seen Independance day. Give me a break.<br />I can give you a friendly advice to accept the ending of 2010 as the end of the series, because after that nothing new is revealed, and all the good ideas mentioned in the first two books are ruined for some reason known only to Clarke.  For example, Bowman used to be a starchild, able to do anything, go anywhere, travel faster than the speed of light. Now, he is some simulation in the monolith, and he can't really do anything except what the monolith tells him. Remember in 2001 when the monolith opened the stargate, Bowman traveled through some galactic grand station, and reached great distances very fast, well, now that's all gone. It seems that now nothing can travel faster than the speed of light, not the monolith, not his creators.<br />I read in some reviews that they like what Clarke thinks of the fourth millennium. What do they like? Nothing is explored outside of the solar systems, there are some small colonies here and there, but obviously nothing much has happened in the last 1000 years, except that the humans have become idiots, with some head implants and no hair.<br />And that's only a small part of the stupid things that are written in this book. But, you know what's the funniest thing: Clarke is obviously following the pattern of the hollywood sci-fi movies made in the last decade. The movies which he inspired himself. And that's pathetic.
0385484518|5.0|Professor Morrie Schwartz is the mentor we would all like to have.  Often we fail to seek out such a mentor because we feel inadequate or not worthy enough.  If so, you will identify with Mitch Albom who seeks out his teacher's wisdom for the final time in this book.  His fumbling should reassure even the most inhibited person to reach out for this kind of connection.  That's the hidden beauty of this book, as Professor Schwartz's goodness shines through the narrowness of Mr. Albom's life.<br />This wonderful book focuses on the meaning of life, from the perspective of a teacher (Morrie Schwartz) who is about to lose his life and his pupil, (Mitch Albom) who has lost his focus on what is important. They come together for 14 Tuesdays (just like they did while the author was a college student at Brandeis) before the professor passes away of ALS (Lou Gehrig's disease).<br />This book is filed with the most beautiful sayings you can imagine. Here are a few examples: 'Giving to other people is what makes us feel alive.' 'Love each other or perish.' 'Everybody knows they are going to die, but nobody believes it. If we did, we would do things differently.' 'Learn to detach from experience.'<br />Many people would avoid a book on this subject, because they do not want to think about death. Although Morrie Schwartz is dying throughout this book, the subject is really about living rather than dying. Few will find the dying to be distressing, even though it is graphically and frequently addressed.<br />For those of us with many years to live, this book can be a wake-up call to start really living now -- in the ways we would if we were about to die, as well as to learn how to treat others while we still have them with us. For those who have but little time left, this book can be an inspiration for how to get the most out of the remaining time.<br />You will probably find it heart-warming (as I did) to find out that the advance on this book was paid in time to help defray some of Professor Schwartz's medical expenses.<br />May you find new meaning in your life from reading this wonderful book! Life is a teacher, and Morrie Schwartz's thoughts can be a text to help you understand the lessons.  Live well and make your choices consciously!e of Professor Schwartz's medical expenses. <br />May you find new meaning in your life from reading this wonderful book! Life is a teacher, and Morrie Schwartz's thoughts can be a text to help you understand the lessons.  Live well and make your choices consciously!
B000056VPD|4.0|After years of waiting George Benson has finally delivered what fans have always wanted a live video concert, although it falls a bit short of near perfect.  This release is somewhat a mirror image of the PBS special that ran in December, which was totally unorganized.  With the same show being released on DVD/VHS you get to see the concert the way it was meant to be as a performance, in order, from start to finish, instead of jumping back and forth.  The concert is divided into three separate venues opening with Big Band standards, then moving into George's new material with Joe Sample and finally George's classic stuff that always make him a must see.  George's chemistry with the BBC Big Band, Sample and his own band is generally without flaw.  The DTS audio and video are both fresh and crisp (DVD).  For those familiar with Benson's reputation in live concerts will notice missing some classic Benson interludes, his takes on Nat King Cole and Tony Bennett would have been nice to see, but given this concert was in Belfast he opts for a rendition of the classic Danny Boy which is good but pales in comparison to George's real hidden talent with the guitar.  Also missing are classic Benson staples Affirmation and Love Ballad both of which sizzle live.  Nevertheless, just about all of his material is here and done quite well.  Thankfully this was released commercially and not left to the poorly edited PBS special to serve as an only Benson live performance.  Benson fans now have an updated, if only live performance and have waited too long to get it.
0140434135|4.0|This book really is the story about a girl who lives in her books and learns to live outside of the imaginary world she creates.  The book is a satire of the Gothic novel, but I think it is more than that.  It's the story how the words one person says may be reflected onto someone else and how they can be interpreted to either enrich or ruin another's life.  The way that John Thorpe, in order to make himself look better, &quot;enriched&quot; Catherine's story; the diverging opinions of James &amp; Isabella; the general falseness of Isabella &amp; John; and how the simplest statement can be misconstrued &amp; almost ruin a friendship.  <br />Catherine, by living in her novels (aided by Henry, of course), sees things that aren't really there when she visits Northanger Abbey.  She makes mountains out of mole-hills. Thankfully, Henry acknowledges the role he had in creating these fantasies and is able to help her laugh it off. <br />This is a great Austen novel, and although you can tell that it was her first, I think it ranks right up there with the others.
0375501851|4.0|I wish the author's age hadn't entered so often into my reading of this book, but it did, mostly because the scope of the novel is so broad and the scope of her years so narrow.  Most first novelists are lucky to accurately capture dormroom conversations; Smith captures an entire seething metropolis and a huge cast of its diverse, conflicted inhabitants. The novel is exhilerating and exasperating in equal measures, but I wouldn't trade it for a truckload of BRIGET JONES' DIARIES.
B0000560XI|5.0|As the reviewer from Reno noted, this is NOT the video DVD; it's an audio DVD featuring a 5.1 surround remix of the album, as well as a remaster of the original 2-track mix that sounds noticably better than the regular CD version. You'll need a DVD player to hear it (the disc cannot be played on a CD player), but if you're an audiophile or somebody who wants to experience music in surround sound, this is well worth checking out.
B00004SCX6|1.0|You did it again?  So that's where the smell is coming from; hope it didn`t get on your shoe.  What you get here is indistinguishable dance pop, one of the worst covers of \\"(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction\\" imaginable, and a Shania Twain-penned song to boot (\\"Don't Let Me Be the Last to Know\\") -- there's not this much cheese in Wisconsin.
B00003CXPD|4.0|I'm not being fascietious. That's what Billy's father, Jackie probably thought when he was confronted with the painful (to him) realization that his 11 year old son wanted to do Ballet.  Boys do Boxing, like he and Billy's grandfather did, or wrestle - &quot;they don't do ballet&quot;. Well, Billy takes after his deceased mother who played piano and whom, Billy's grandmother tells him, could have been a professional dancer. Billy enjoys watching Fred Astaire dance in those old movies and when he starts watching the ballet lessons that share the gym with his boxing classes - he's hooked.<br />The film is set in Durham, England during the bitter coal miners strikes of 1984. The social tensions and economic hardships are portrayed with frequent views of riot clad policemen and in the difficulty Jackie and Tony (Billy's foul mouthed older brother) have in just feeding the family. The tensions are of course there when father and brother find out that Billy has been taking the money for boxing and attending ballet classes. <br />The film handles the family relationships well. Jamie Bell (Billy) is excellent in portraying the passion with which he comes to have for his dancing and the acting of Gary Lewis as Jackie - showing outrage, disapproval, grudging acceptance and then support, largely with facial expressions - is excellent. There is a scene that shows this subtle acting best. Billy, dancing and Jackie watching, show their feelings completely without a word being expressed. <br />A very good 'feel good' movie, light on the sentimentality and just enough weight on the 'heavy' topic of father and son relationship.
014100018X|4.0|This is an easy read about a compelling topic: How should one's spirituality be pursued? The book is composed of short &quot;conversations&quot; by the book's main character, Vianne Rocher, and the priest &quot;Reynaud.&quot; For a busy person, this is a good read because it allows you to put it down and pick it up sporadically and challenges your thinking about matters of penitence and dying and what God wishes of you. I also enjoyed the &quot;spiritual&quot; aspect of reading about chocolate's powers to heal. Beware people on diets!
B000000OEI|3.0|For some reason, Zimmer fans go gaga over this score, and I can't really see why. Yes, it has some amazing choir work, great solo trumpet moments, and a number of good melodies. However, there's really far too much time that the music just seems dead.<br /> Now, unlike most people it seems, when I listen to music on a CD (as opposed to tracks on my computer) I try to listen from beginning to end. Thus, it really doesn't make a difference how long tracks are. However, I wonder if the fact that one track, 'ISQ' is 18 minutes, and another, 'Alabama', is a whopping 24 minutes, didn't make the soundtrack itself worse. As far as I can tell, they could have broken up the soundtrack, and possibly reordered it a bit for a better listening experiance. <br /> All that said, however, there's still a lot of good music in here. When the music isn't dead (which unfortunatly is too much on the long tracks), it's quite enjoyable. The third track, short as it is, is especially enjoyable, with a beautiful choir piece. There's also some wonderful solo trumpet work interspirced throughout. Probably the best moment is at the very end, where a choir sings the hymn 'Ethernal Father Strong to Save'. This is difinatly a case of saving the best for last, and easily ups the whole worth of the album<br /> So do I recommend it? Well, yes. It's still quite tuneful and has the wonderful choir. Just be prepared for lots of moments where you just want the music to DO something.
B00003CXMG|5.0|After watching the Oscar nomination announcements today, I was extremely pleased to see this movie so well-represented among the mix of an otherwise weak year in movies. This movie really stands out as one of the better films to show this year, even though not many people saw it.<br />When I watched it this fall, I was shocked that so few people were at the theaters. After the movie was over, my girlfriend and I seriously considered seeing it again. The coming-of-age story is hardly new, but young Cameron Crowe's adventures were told in a delightful and unique way. Although the budding journalist entered into a world of sex, drugs and rock-n-roll, the corruption did not overcome him.<br />And that's a good point the movie makes - rock-n-roll isn't evil (OK, some bands are, but that's your fault for listening). Music is a driving force in many people's lives: It captures all of the emotion, love and heartache of the human spirit. Crowe made a great movie that shows us just that, and the soundtrack ain't to shabby, either. For those of you who missed this gem in the theaters, this is your chance to see one of the best movies of 2000.
B00001ZWTS|2.0|&quot;'The Great Race' of the Nineties&quot; would best describe this exercise in overkill.  Like that film, &quot;Casino Royale,&quot; &quot;It's A Mad, Mad, Mad, Mad World&quot; and many of the other big-budgeted flicks of the late 1960's, &quot;Wild West West&quot; suffers from a poor script, an overemphasis on state-of-the-art special effects, a performance from Branagh that would make a first-year acting student cringe, and a lackluster turn from stars Smith and Kline.<br />The only refreshing aspect of the film is Salma Hayek who tries her best to do much with very little...clothing, as well as dialogue.
B000056VIY|1.0|I can not believe I wasted my hard earned money on this CD.  Jennifer is going thru the &quot;sophmore slump&quot;.  It's a shame, her first CD is great.
B000002LIM|5.0|(Prenote: For some reason, Amazon decided to link this, the score album, with the song album. They do this sometimes when something has more than one edition, however in this case they are not the same at all. This is the score CD, comtaining Danny Elfman's BGM to the film, while the other contains Prince's songs )<br /> Back in 1989, director Tim Burton and composer Danny Elfman teamed up for thier third film, an adaptation of the legendary comic book hero, Batman. They decided to go a totally different route from the 60s TV series, with a dark and gothic setting. It worked. Well. A big part of its success is the wonderful music Elfman wrote for the film. <br /> The music starts off with what has now become the signature theme for Batman. It's a wonderful theme that instantly gets stuck in your head once you hear it. Over the course of the CD, it's played many times. The overall atmosphere of the music is dark, but that never stops it from being forceful and exiting. <br /> Other notible tracks in the score include the wonderful 'Waltz to the Death' representing the Joker, some brilliant choral work in 'Decent Into Madness', and even a quote from the Stephen Foster song, 'Beautiful Dreamer'. But beyond these highly memorable and wonderful tracks there are plenty of great moments, with almost no dullness in between. Perhaps the best moment is in 'Finale', which is so grand and wonderful, you can't help but smile. <br /> Overall, this CD is a must have. It's a classic that will live on after many others are forgotten, and it's still a prime example of what Elfman can do when he puts his mind to it.
B00004XQP4|5.0|I love this album and am really glad i own it.Ok so its different to previous albums but does that make it bad? Not at all this record still has a lot to offer and l really like every song.My personal farvourites are Warning,Minority,Misery and Waiting.GO buy this album and make up your own mind about it.
B00004TL21|5.0|Before i review this album, I have to confess something that would probably get me crucified by other fans.  When I first listened to this album, I didn't like it.  Sitting on my bed with this album playing in my stereo, it just didn't click with me.  I remember being bombarded with multi-layered melodies and abtruse lyrics.  It just didn't sit well for someone spending most of their time listening to the radio.<br />But that shouldn't dissuade anyone from buying this album, because even for a few people like me who may not initially fall in love with the album, it'll sink in quickly.  It's amazing how so many different ambiences are combined(peaceful in &quot;Teenager&quot;, abrasive like &quot;RX queen&quot;, or darkly omninous yet beautiful in &quot;Passenger&quot; and &quot;change in the house of flies&quot;).  Yet, when you listen to it, all the different moods come together into one album.  As for Chino's lyrics, I'll be perfectly honest in saying I still can't decipher his lyrics into everyday language.  But that's the beauty in them.  Instead of dissecting the lyrics for their literal meaning like I would do for some Shakespearean-era poem in English class, it's better to sit back and draw your own conclusions about what he's saying.  In this way, the words seem to take on a new meaning every time you listen to them.<br />In conclusion, this album will amaze fans and non fans alike, not because it purposely tries to be inaccesible and overly abstract, but because no matter what kind of expectations you have about it, you'll be surprised. That's how The White Pony reminds me of a Tool album: you'll discover something new every time you listen to it.  Whether you like the abstract and thoughtful bludgeon of Tool, or the more straight-forward yet moody rock of Linkin Park, you'll find something to like here.<br />If you like this, also check out the afore-mentioned Tool, Nine Inch Nails, Mudvayne, Cold, and Finger Eleven.
0440224764|5.0|John Grisham's book The Partner.  What can I say!...this book is great from cover to cover!  Here's the long and short of the story.....  1. he stole 90 million dollars from his law firm's client  2. he faked his own death, and he got away with it for about 4  and a half years  3. he got caught by the client's private detective, who then had hostage  4. they tortured and almost kill him. His girlfriend, 'the female lawyer in brazil' wires out his money to different banks in the caribbean, that was his request if ever he was caputured.  5. he got rescued when his girlfriend called the FBI, telling them who it was exactly that had him  6. the FBI came down and got him, carrying him back to the US, but not to jail, he was taken to a hospital...after all, he was nearly killed<br />During this time he has no control of the money, his girlfriend has total control of it now, she's the only one who know were it's wired.<br />Politics plays a big part in this money thing also.  That's partly how the client got the 90 million in the first place.<br />7. everyone wanted a piece of him.  (a) His wife:  he had left a two million dollar insurance policy for her and 'the child', which turned out not to be his, she spent the money lavishly and now that he wasn't really dead she would have to find the 2 million the insurance company had paid her for a husband that wasn't deceased!! (b) the client who he stole the money from: plain and simple.  He wanted his Damn money back, and wanted Patrick tortured endlessly. (c) his partners: they wanted the money back also, and I doubt it if they would've mine abit, if Patrick had been killed or something (d) the FBI: they had to get him. He stole 90 million dollars! of course the FBI had to be involved. (e) his wife's lover, Lance: he had to kill him. how dare he decide to rise from the dead.  After all it was Patrick's insurance policy that allowed him 'lance' to enjoy the finer things in life.  8. he hires an old lawyer friend of his to defend him 9. he has a great defense plan and therefore he never spends one day in prison 10. he gives every last penny of the $90 million and then-some back to the rightful owner. The tax payers and not the client. 11. he ends up with more money than he started out with.  Yes you heard me right.  He ended up with over 100 million dollars. That's due to not living large, and the interest that accumalated on the money while it was in the bank.<br />Now...the end....the ending wasn't a total suprise, but it did catch me alittle offguard.<br />I think I gave abit too much information...but never you mine...the book is packed with lots more that I missed out.<br />Read &amp; Enjoy!!!  I know I did.<br />Other great Grisham books to look out for: the rainmaker,  the firm,  the client,  the chamber,  the runaway jury, a time to kill,  pelican brief, the testament, the street lawyer, the brethen and a painted house (latest novel)<br />now you have the list...so go read the books!defend him 9. he has a great defense plan and therefore he never spends one day in prison 10. he gives every last penny of the $90 million and then-some back to the rightful owner. The tax payers and not the client. 11. he ends up with more money than he started out with.  Yes you heard me right.  He ended up with over 100 million dollars. That's due to not living large, and the interest that accumalated on the money while it was in the bank.<br />Now...the end....the ending wasn't a total suprise, but it did catch me alittle offguard. <br />I think I gave abit too much information...but never you mine...the book is packed with lots more that I missed out.<br />Read &amp; Enjoy!!!  I know I did.<br />Other great Grisham books to look out for: the rainmaker,  the firm,  the client,  the chamber,  the runaway jury, a time to kill,  pelican brief, the testament, the street lawyer, the brethen and a painted house (latest novel)<br />now you have the list...so go read the books!
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|Ever find the corniness of those Scream movies? Well, this is hilarious if so. It exaggerates. That scream guy starts playing with that girl (On this I know who the character is but I won't tell you, the movie's funnier and more interesting that way). I loved that part when he got disgusted about the breast implant thing. Also, making fun of them while watching football. <br />Also, there's spoofs of those Urban Legend movies. That one about that girl who's sister died a year ago, then there's this girl who's so disturbing at the movie theatre that they stop consentrating then get pissed at her. Just see it. Or just buy it. Which ever one. There was a flaw however-- The sex was what this movie mainly mentions and if you don't like that then I suggest you to not buy this.
B000004286|3.0|This is one of those soundtracks that's a bit hard to review. Braveheart features seemingly wonderful music, but yet at the same time every time I listened to it I seemed to like it less and less. It also doesn't have any real singled out moments of greatness or badness, but like the later Crouching Tiger Hidden Dragon, it just sort of seems to be 'there'.<BR> For the most part the music is quite laid back, only getting into fast action music occasionally. The themes themselves are quite good (including one that seemed to inspire Princess Mononoke's music) but not much is done with them. One unique feature about the music is that there is a lot, and I mean a LOT, of ulian pipe music. This doesn't really hurt or help the music, however. <BR><BR> Easily the highlight of the CD is the 'End Credits' music. It sums up all the themes, in typical Horner fasion, and basically takes the themes of the CD and rolls it into one. In fact, I would say it's better to own this track on a compilation CD than the full score, because -- as previously mentioned -- the themes ARE good. <BR><BR>So overall, I can't fully recommend this. At this point in time, I imagine only people new to scores would be deciding to buy this or not, so unless you must have everything by Horner or know you love the music as it appears in the movie, my reccomendation is to pass on this.
0399128964|5.0|What makes science fiction so attractive is the author's chance to create a world, a universe into which he or she draws the reader into.<br />However, as any SF fan will be quick to point out, this is not easy at all. And what makes great SF is books like these. &quot;Dune&quot; is rare even among the best with its carefully laid out structure and system. It even has a huge dictionary at the end of it. Frank Herbert's great work (which obviously spurred a series of books where he explores the depth of this universe, but I confess I didn't read any other for my fear of ruining the first book's charm) is an intricately woven web of relationships, loves and hates. <br />Dune is a living planet that you easily believe in. Its ecology is very well established. The Fremen and the worms and the Houses. And spice, of course.<br />The ugly diplomatic  games and the wars are very human. The setting may be different but the greed is just the same. You find a reflection of medieveal Earth mingled with very advanced technology in every page.<br />&quot;Dune&quot; is probably one of the best SF books ever. It is a classic and a must have for anyone claiming to have an interest in this field.
B00004T0P1|5.0|This is the best Dinosaur soundtrack I've heard,every track 1 to 16 is the best.I like the beginning of the song that started insided the egg,that was the best.There was no missing song from the movie,is all there on this cd.James Newton Howard is a fabulous composer&quot;he great&quot; bravo,bravo!!
B0000013GT|5.0|I got to know the album through a friend of mine who lent it to me, and I was totally hooked. This is by far on of the best hip-hop albums ever made. I listen to it almost every day, I can`t get enough of it. You can play it any time and always be pleased. As said in an other review, it can rock a party and rock you to sleep. And if you have never heard 13th Floor/Growing old, well then shut down your computer and run to the store. Other highlights are 2 Dope Boyz, ATLiens, Wheels of Steel, Jazzy Belle, Millenium,...GO GET IT NOW!!!! Greetz from Belgium (very, very close to The Netherlands...)
0440133688|5.0|Funny, sweet, sad, tragic, and genuinely human, 'The House of God' is a must-read for all future house officers.  Shem introduces us to the modern history of medical education in a very real and personal way.  So much of the jargon of today's medical educational system was given to us by the author, and his Laws of The House of God rarely failed me during those tumultuous postgraduate training years.  The book was both exciting and terrifying to read just months before the begining of my internship; it endowed me with a sense of context and perspective that made the experience that much more valuable.
B00004Z459|1.0|This cd is awful.  I can't believe I used to like it!  For you people who think this is actually metal, get yourselves a clue!  Do yourselves a favor and check out Metallica, Iron Maiden, Dream Theater, Savatage, Megadeth, and Rush.  Or actually, don't.  These bands are too good for all you nu-metal-loving, MTV-watching, trend-following fools!
B000050IMJ|5.0|I think this movie was awsome,those people who are talking trash about it,doesn't know the real definition of a high speed chase movie,which this one really is.This actors who are in it,Nicholas Cage(who is da bomb) was awsome in this movie his character was the type of in your face person.Angilas character was the low down sexy in your face type of person.This movie is a seller it is made to have you on the edge of your seat.
B0000013GT|5.0|I got to know the album through a friend of mine who lent it to me, and I was totally hooked. This is by far on of the best hip-hop albums ever made. I listen to it almost every day, I can`t get enough of it. You can play it any time and always be pleased. As said in an other review, it can rock a party and rock you to sleep. And if you have never heard 13th Floor/Growing old, well then shut down your computer and run to the store. Other highlights are 2 Dope Boyz, ATLiens, Wheels of Steel, Jazzy Belle, Millenium,...GO GET IT NOW!!!! Greetz from Belgium (very, very close to The Netherlands...)
B00003CXBK|4.0|Without a doubt, Mononoke is one of the best anime movies ever made, great art and an amazing world. The only thing that I did not like, is the fact that for my taste, the movie is too &quot;light&quot;, there are a few real action scenes (with blood and arms rolling down the hill), but there are some key scenes, where the-bad-guy-most-be-killed, and instead, the &quot;good-guys&quot; just try to make them change their mind, or worst, just don't do anything. At the end, this turned out to be a disappointment. If you can handle this (I did ), just go, buy the movie and enjoy the ride. For animation, a gave the movie 5 stars, for the plot, I gave it 3.
B00001OH7M|3.0|Older Bowie fans probably first heard this album after &quot;Hunky Dory&quot; and &quot;Ziggy Stardust&quot; when it RCA re-released it side by side with a reissue of &quot;The Man Who Sold the World&quot; to take advantage of his rising popularity.  Aside from the timeless &quot;Space Oddity,&quot; this album probably came as a bit of a shock to those of us expecting something flashier (or, perhaps, spacier).  Mostly acoustic, this album shows the influence of Bob Dylan on the former David Jones, especially in the epic &quot;Cygnet Committee,&quot; but that pretentious, though interesting track aside, there is much to recommend here. &quot;An Occasional Dream&quot; is a lovely ballad, &quot;Janine&quot; is a memorable pop song, and &quot;The Wild Eyed Boy from Free Cloud&quot; has an unusual western flavor very much at odds with most of Bowie's output.  Though it doesn't compare to later, more ambitious works, this is a good album.
B000002GQG|5.0|They had done the symphony thing and pulled it off with flying colors. But this follow-up was pure, 100% Moody Blues. Of the 32 (!) different instruments used on this album, every one of them was played by one of the five band members. With this and other albums, they earned the nickname of &quot;the world's smallest symphony orchestra.&quot;<br />This album is a journey, from beginning to end, in search of the chord and many other things. There is a heavy Eastern Philosophical influence, especially on the Mike Pinder contributions (Best Way to Travel, Om.) The songs flow into each other beautifully, making it sound like one continuous song. In every song, the singer yearns for something which that can never be defined in words. Mike Pinder's searing mellotron and Ray Thomas's soaring flute are the definitive sounds of the album.<br />Of course, this is the album that yielded two of the Moodies greatest and most enduring concert pieces, the rollicking &quot;Ride My See-saw&quot; and psychadelic &quot;Legend of a Mind.&quot; Another standout is &quot;The Actor,&quot; A Justin Hayward ballad so haunting it is in the same league as &quot;Nights in White Satin.&quot; Then there's the lovely &quot;Voices in the Sky,&quot; and John Lodge's epic, expermental &quot;House of Four Doors,&quot; which samples musical styles throughout history.<br />This album is absolutely loaded with beautiful, experimental music. Why this band is so often not considered a part of the Prog Rock genre I'll never know.
B000001EGA|3.0|This album was much better than the previous one, the rushed and awkward &quot;Caribou.&quot; The musical themes on this album are incredibly brazen, and the approach to doing an &quot;auto-biographical&quot; record is just plain chutpah! Indeed, &quot;Captain Fantastic...&quot; is meant to be a Gilbert-and-Sullivan way of explaining how Elton (the Captain) and lyricist-extraordinaire Bernie Taupin (the Brown Dirt Cowboy) met. The true story of how these two were brought together at the offices of impresario Dick James is impressive enough, WITHOUT the self-indulgent libretto, courtesy of Mr. Taupin.<br />Still, if you can get past the histrionics, the music is pretty good. The title track gets bogged down in wrapping the lives of its two subjects into a comic-book type of plot, but has a nice acoustic guitar from stalwart Davey Johnstone.<br />Some of the songs touch on how tough it was for the dynamic duo to get decent gigs, and make enough money to survive on until the Big Break. &quot;(Gotta Get a) Meal Ticket&quot; is a hard-driven rocker that anchors the theme of desperation in making ends meet in a break-neck pace musically; Elton doesn't even break a sweat singing this one! &quot;Tell Me When the Whistle Blows&quot; continues on the theme in more of a funky, blue-eyed-soul fashion.<br />&quot;Better Off Dead&quot; is a stomper about the rigors of performing to unresponsive crowds, and how low one can get playing lowdown bars. &quot;Bitter Fingers&quot; is slightly disappointing musically, but the line about &quot;some old diehards on Denmark Street start laughing at the keyboard player's haunted eyes&quot; is apt and startling; a bitter observation, indeed!<br />&quot;Someone Saved My Life Tonight&quot; was an interesting choice for a hit song, but it is fantastic. It is Taupin's observation about Elton's near-marriage to someone he really didn't love. The story about the eventual break-up is cathartic. The best track, in my humble opinion, is &quot;Writing.&quot; Its pleasant tune and theme about how EJ and Taupin write their music is inspirational and touching. Most will find &quot;Curtains&quot; confusing, unless you have heard Taupin's very first lyrics, the ones he's not most proud of. The &quot;childish words for you&quot; he mentions refers to any early demo he and Elton produced for Dick James Music.<br />There are many other pleasant tracks, including &quot;We All Fall in Love Sometime.&quot; On the whole, the themes are over-expanded to a fault, and leads one to think that Taupin somehow contrived much of it. A more straightforward approach on some of these songs would have been better appreciated.<br />The original libretto is included with this set, along with the great archival material and photos of EJ and Bernie in the old days. Also included are three bonus tracks, the hit song &quot;Philadelphia Freedom&quot;; as well as two John Lennon-penned numbers, the Beatles' psychedelic classic &quot;Lucy in the Sky With Diamonds&quot;, and a solo number, &quot;One Day at a Time.&quot; Elton's solo on &quot;One Day...&quot; is just perfect!<br />Excellent sound quality on display here. The additional photos and liner notes make a fine addition...and a valuable reference to the topics explored in the album.
B00005214X|1.0|When I first listened to All Things Must Pass I though it was an amazing album. Maybe this is because I first heard it on LP. Don't get me wrong, though, All Things Must Pass is a very good album.<br />The main problem is that it tends to get weaker the more that you listen to it. The lyrics are generally 'fab' and the sound Spector-like, the whole mood being of prayer and divinity. The other problem is that the CD version doesn't seem to add anything new. Extra tracks are few, the crispness of sound is not particularly outstanding and the booklet is tiny.<br />On the other hand it is the best introduction to George Harrison's music for those who always wanted more from the Beatle. Beware though: like me you might love the album at first but you might not love it so much as time goes by (irony). I would give All Things Must Pass 5 stars if I had just heard it, but 4 stars seems to be enough. Don't worry, this might just be a personal reaction and you might find the experience longer lasting. In any case, a worthwhile purchase and a worthwhile listen.
B00004W3MS|3.0|The hype machine latched onto this album in a big way, and it's easy to see why: the myth of nave musicians in an exotic locale making music as expansive as the glacial landscape certainly makes for fine copy. <br />It's, um, not exactly Revolver, though. Or even Magic Christian Music, really. <br />Sure, this record is a fine piece of work. It's just deeply, deeply overrated. I'm all for youthful ambition, but all the posturing in Iceland won't make this anything more than a high-concept Cocteau Twins album. Hopelandish, indeed. Regurgitating 4ad's back catalog is no way to change music forever. I'm concerned about what all the glowing press will do to the promising careers and undeniable talent of these poor lads. Why, just look at their publicity photo! Their heads are already huge!
B00004RFFI|2.0|&quot;Twister&quot; is a movie that stars a lot of tornadoes.  Unfortunately, people get in their way.  The special effects are top-notch, but the story is so full of little Hollywood tricks, it's hard to take. <br /> Why can't Helen Hunt be interested in tornadoes just because, well, tornadoes are interesting?  That's not good enough for this flick, so the screenwriters throw in a flashback to the terrifying twister that killed her dad.  It's as if they don't think the audience would believe and intelligent, attractive young woman would fritter away her life pursuing such an esoteric field of interest otherwise.  Just a touch of Freudian silliness and typical screenplay shorthand that substitutes for real characterization.  I was hoping that very same tornado would come back at the end so she could get revenge, but no such luck. <br /> Also, you can tell Bill Paxton's the good guy because he has some sort of mystical connection with the twisters- plus, his crew are a bunch of rock-n-roll tornado cowboys.  They make supercells fun! <br /> And Cary Elwes is the bad guy because not only can he not sense tornadoes, but he's in it for money.  It helps, too, that he drives around in all-black high tech vehicles.  Thanks for telegraphing that, people.  But then again, it's pretty easy to predict everything that's going to happen in the movie. <br /> On the positive side, you get to see plenty of tornado mayhem and that's worth at least one star.  Unfortunately, the rest of the movie only adds up to another.
B00003CWL6|5.0|This dark drama had me on the edge of my seat from start to finish.<br />It delves into the mind of a man going through a mid life crisis.  He realizes that life is only so long and the he is going to do what makes him happy.<br />Of course he pays the price for his indulgences, but the path to that price was incredible.<br />This is a must have DVD for anyone who enjoys a comedy a bit on the dark side.
B000002KIE|5.0|Forget &quot;Punk&quot; or any other defining label people have slapped on it over Bollocks/The Pistols over the past 24 years.<br />Released in 1977, this great album was a return to real rock 'n roll as it hadn't been heard in ages. Although the Pistols were sired by The New York Dolls and Iggy's Stooges, their DNA is all Eddie Cochran, Chuck Berry, Jerry Lee Lewis and Little Richard.  Third generation good old rock 'n roll, baby. <br />What gets lost in the whole &quot;punk&quot; label thing is much of what makes the Pistols and their songs so timeless:  a great sense of humor (unlike the Clash); hooks galore (these three minute gems are the equal of any great Supremes' single); an instantly identifiable singer (love or hate his voice, Rotten's untrained sneer is what really takes this beyond pop n' roll); No shame .....and no attempt to save the world. <br />What more can you ask for from any great Rock 'n roll band...except maybe a little sex. <br />This is an album for the ages. Check it out.
B00003CXE7|3.0|Russell Crowe does an adequate job in this long &quot;epic&quot;.  He doesn't have the charisma and draw of other great actors, but he does well enough to keep you watching.<br />I didn't find this to be the incredible action movie that many portrayed it to be.  The battle scenes were good, although not at the level of greats like Braveheart or the Patriot.<br />I found much of the movie to be slow moving, although the subplot with Ceasar and his sister was intriguing.<br />Young Ceasars character played by Joaqin Phoenix was excellent.  He had me hating him within minutes!<br />Over all this is a good film, but don't expect it to knock your socks off.
B00001QEBQ|5.0|I am fourteen, but I still love this movie.  I first saw it when it came out in theaters, as I have with practically every other Disney animated feature that has come out recently.  This one is by far the best, to me it's better than Beauty and the Beast, which was nominated for an Oscar.  Everytime I see this movie I want to cry, crying at an animate movie - I used to think it was impossible.<br />A girl from China cutting her hair and going to war, something that nobody had ever done before, and working her way up, learning skills that she had never known before.  The animation is breathtaking - especially with a DVD.  <br />The DVD also has the options of English, Spanish, and French, which can be helpful if somebody is studying the language, they can just make the charaters speak whatever language, and then have the English subtitles on so that they are practicing while watching a movie.<br />If you are a Disney fan, and you like stories about people doing amazing things that everybody said that they couldn't do, then this is a movie for you.
B00004RFCM|5.0|HBO definetely did it right with this series.  One of the funniest shows on television!<br />This series delves into the lives of 4 single women in New York.  Through their trial and tribulations you take part in their quest for sexual happiness.<br />This is a MUST HAVE dvd set!
0767802551|4.0|AL PACINO<br />JOHNNY DEPP<br />MAFIA , DRUGS , KILLINGS 187 , BASIC MAFIA MOVIE THAT I LIKE ALOT.BUY THIS MOVIE GOOD FLICK.JOHNNY DEPP IS A FBI AGENT THAT GOES UNDERCOVER,A MAFIA.IN THE LONG RUN WHEN THE WARS START DONNIE IS SO USED TO THE MAFIA LIFESTYLE HE BECOMES IN DANGER.SO THEN AL PACINO-- WELL WATCH FOR YOURSELF.
6305014140|4.0|this movie is one of the best movies, in my manga collection, it's fast moving, funny, with a great story line, if you are a manga furnatic like myself, i would put this on the top of you're must get list, it's a great movie, bigzing..........
0783228422|5.0|Clint Eastwood deals with one of the most serious subjects of the West in this film, and he still has no name, even if he is identified to a dead man. A town lets its marshall be killed by three troubleshooters of the mining company because he has found out the mine is on government property, hence is stealing the US government. The troubleshooters are put in prison for a year, but the ghost of the marshall comes back before they come out. He is at once attacked by three new troubleshooters and a virago-lady. He kills the three men and rapes the woman. Then he is proposed to become the gunfighter of the town against the three vengeful ex-cons who are arriving soon. He organizes the looting of the city in its own name. Then he has to kill three more men who try to beat him up in the night, on command from the hotel manager. The hotel if blown up at the same time. Our drifter had had the hotel emptied in due time. When the three ex-cons arrive, they enter Hell. The inhabitants are left alone and are unable to resist to the burning of some buildings and to the killing of some men. They have no guts. But there comes the drifter again and he kills the three ex-cons one by one without ever them knowing who he is, who they are killed by. The drifter is Justice on horseback, because in the territories there is only that kind of justice. People are yellow bellies. In the meantime the drifter reveals two racisms among the nice people of this nice Lago city : against Indians of course, but also against Mexicans. Just as if things were changing very slowly among men. They are too chicken to have things changed or to make things change. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IX.
B0000046WL|5.0|A fantastic debut for Christian as leader. Plus 6 of these songs are his own compositions which really prove his song writing skills. Joined here by first class musicians...Roy Hargrove, Joshua Redman, Steve Turre, Cyrus Chestnut and Lewis Nash, this album is sizzling. Plus the wonderful bass trio of Christian, and the legends Ray Brown and Milt Hinton on &quot;Splanky&quot;, make this a must have album for any jazz lover. And Christian sounds exactly how he wanted to on &quot;Night Train&quot;, which he plays completely solo. As he states in the liner notes, he only worked it out 15 minutes before recording, and he simply wanted it to sound as low down, gritty, nasty, and funky as possible. Well, it does, and is absolutely brilliant. Every song on this album is fantastic, I can't rate it highly enough.
6304428928|4.0|The film has aged. When it came out it was a revelation about  retards , mentally handicapped people. They were shown has human and having qualities and potentialities by far not exploited by their being closed up in some institutions. This particular Raymond was committed because he must have burned his baby brother in his bath. His family got rid of him, his father got him pent up. But the two brothers finally meet, thanks to an antique car. Though at this level the film is no longer a revelation, it shows how prolonged human contact opens up the mind of the autistic man and little by little brings him to some discovery of love, not only care, of fun, not only entertainment, of autonomy too, not only personal activities under heavy surveillance. Though he will have to go back to the institution, his brother will keep the possibility to meet him and take him under his responsibility regularly. This is still somewhat behind our present time, but it was a tremendous revolution in our way of thinking nearly twenty years ago. The motivations of the brother seem to be ambiguous : money at first (the inheritance from the dead father that was escaping him), then money again due to Raymond's ability at counting cards in a casino and being a real hit at the card table, and finally more human brotherly love, but only finally, and after he has made so much money in Las Vegas that he does not need a deal about the inheritance any more. Two great actors Tom Cruise as the brother and Dustin Hoffman as the autistic son. The choice was very much criticized at the time, and today it is unbearable. A real autistic actor should have been used, even if Hoffman does a marvelous job at the part, but he is not a real one, and his facial expression will never be that of a real autistic person. To be watched for the historical value of the film both on the subject of integrating autistic people in real society, and on the possibility that is appearing more and more to integrate  handicapped  actors in films. They can really be actors if they are properly directed. Ask the company L'Oiseau Mouche in Roubaix, France, funded by the European Community, for one instance. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IX.pped  actors in films. They can really be actors if they are properly directed. Ask the company L'Oiseau Mouche in Roubaix, France, funded by the European Community, for one instance. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IX.
6304626495|5.0|This movie is so hilarious, but it is also funny in a very subtle way, that really needs repeat viewings to catch. Even people who have seen this numerous times like myself, find something we missed the previous times. It's very clever in that way, that some of the funniest gags are the hardest to spot. <br />  It is also silly, that in real life the church (mainly the Catholic Church) condemned this movie as blasphemous. It reminds me of the Father Ted comedy, where the film &quot;The Trials of St. Tibulous&quot; was showing on Craggy Island, although it had been banned everywhere else, and the Pope and Bishop ordered Father Ted and Father Dougall to protest outside the cinema. Well, all the ensuing publicity and news stories caused it to become the hugest selling movie in Craggy Island history. As Bishop Brennan says &quot;People came from as far away as Gdensk to see it.&quot; This movie was a bit like that. All the hue and cry from the Churches, just made this more popular and a huge box office hit. Kinda ironic and hilarious in its own right. <br />This is a really funny movie, and not at all blasphemous, I think God and Christ would split their sides laughing .. after all, they do want mankind to be happy. I'm quite sure, too, that they have a great sense of humour, and would give this 5 stars as well.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Okay, she is one of the best songstresses in the world. I don't know how some of you Dido fans can SKIP over the best song HUNTER! Well, this is a definate song for those who totally love Sarah McClaughlin, and Nina Gordon. This is definately worth it. I don't understand how some people could say they all sound the same, if they all sound the same to him/her they have different MEANING! Well, anyways, this is a great CD and you'll love it do death!
B000059WH0|4.0|From Long time ago... this is the last album where we can find the colaboration of Jeff Porcaro. Also, from several years (10??)that we didnt know anyting about TOTO, this is the return of one of the best rock bands.
B00003ETJQ|5.0|I watched this film and felt like I had been drinking a tea cup of my dreams.<br />A prophetic and powerful experience; it effects you only if you breathe.<br />If [Jalal Al-Din] Rumi wrote a modern-day cinematic poem, this might be the essence.<br />When I see the snow monkey in Nagano Springs, I remember something long forgotten.<br />[see also Koyaanisqatsi and Powaqqatsi; *almost* as fulfilling.]
0345350499|5.0|As I was gazing the bookshelves looking for a good book to read on my first day of my new school, I came upon Mists of Avalon. as soon as I read the first page I was swept away in this story of love, magic and betrayal. The story is an aurthanian (mostly) love story. The best part of this novel, is the feminism and how it is told by people that no one thinks of when they think of Aurther and his court. The many external and internal conflicts of this story revolve in your brain and it is a challenge to sort them out. Though legnthy, it is around 800 pages, every page keeps you wondering what will happen next. Mist of Avalon is worth the time in your day to read and enjoy.
0345339681|1.0|This &quot;book&quot; is a travesty to everything ever written. Swoar, lil' fools wack for REALL. J.R.R. Tolkien is clearly a man of minimal intellect and an insufficient grasp on what a a real novel is composed of. Boy, ain't nuffin' but a playa-hatin scrub!. Daniel Miller, anonymous in Kentucky (MMS!)
B000056ULS|5.0|This album is simply amazing. Dido has been around for quite some time but it is her success with Eminem's Stan which has brought her out into the public eye. He sample's her brillian 'Thank You' on it, and it was this which led me to find out some more about her because she has an angelic voice, despite the name of the album. The rest of 'Thank You' and many of the other tracks are like nothing I have ever heard before, she is a new breed of solo female artist, nothing like Britney Spears and Christina Aguilera. I think that we will be seeing, and hearing, a lot more of this talented woman.
0345440757|1.0|This book is a total sham!  I tried the techniques for getting my baby to sleep through the night, and they do not work. (And my baby is in the Angel category!) This book exploits a new mother's desperation to get some rest to create sales.  I am returning this book, it's not worth the paper it was written on.  I would have given the book negative stars, but was not able to.
0345440757|3.0|First, let me explain that I thought the idea behind this book was excellent - attempting to help parents relate to their newborns, helping them to cope with the staggering change introduced into their lives, and finally, helping baby adapt to OUR lifestyle, and not so much the other way around.<br />The problems arise when I came to realize that Ms Hogg's writing style can easily lead one to believe that each baby can be categorized neatly and cleanly into one of four types; the round-peg-round-hole syndrome is the first step, in every other book I've read, to parental frustration and can lead to a dangerous situation if the parent becomes despondent or depressed with the situation.  One parent who read the book told me, &quot;I felt as though I had been dealt a hand of blank cards, and all the other parents were playing with a proper deck.&quot;  I hope the readers of this review understand where this is going.<br />The idea that parents of colicky babies can also benefit substantially from this book is also, in my estimation, misleading.  Yes, the regimen that is given us CAN work for the baby with colic, but the price paid for traveling that particular line may be too dear - very few saints, much less parents, have the patience and inner solitude required to soothe all players in the house during a particularly bad period of colic.  Let's not forget - it's not just Baby and Me - I have a spouse, I have other children to think of too.<br />Don't get me wrong - the book is full of insight, and Ms Hogg is, by all appearances, a very wise and well-read woman.  But at times, while reading this, I was under the impression (perhaps mis-led), that the baby is looked at as a machine or a toy to be maintained.  I found myself catering to this pitch as well.<br />Far too often, we all look at children as things, vice people.  Read the book from cover to cover before attempting to take the program up; if it sounds like it would work for you, then press ahead with it.  If not, then abandon the book.  Books can be replaced; our children cannot.
B00004XONN|5.0|. . . you're missing the point. This is a great album. It is deep, introspective, and innovative.<br />RAdiohead is a great band.
0553266306|5.0|What would be the most difficult thing in the world to hunt and kill? The Snow Leopard? A giant squid? Saddam Hussein? How about a President who has increased his security to the maximum? Yes. Here we meet the Jackal- a professional killer like no other. Paid to assinate the French Prime Minister Charles de Gaulle, he masquerades to hide his identity and he stalks his prey. We see every detail of his plan from plot to execution. But the hunter is equally the hunted. Does he succeed? C'mon now- I'm not going to spoil the climax! You'll have to read the book to find out! Forsyth writes about the subject with uncanny knowledge and intensity- a fiction that will keep you at the edge of your senses!
B000002J09|5.0|OK, fellows sorry for my poor english but I'm French and it doesn't comme effortlessly for me to review this must with my dusty vocabulary. Next time I'll do it in my own language...Weel let's do it :<br />&quot;The ultimate and definitive hard rock album! And I'd better say that it's not an album but the monument of the 70's rockyears.... This record is made of rich flavoured ballads and heavy metal/bullet proof tunes. It's full of intense &amp; inventive riffs -that no one but Jimmy could have  done -(by the way how many fingers got he ? This guy ain't human !) , thrilling screams and whispers  that no one but Robert Plant could have yelled (and for the brilliant rythm part ...above of all comment !!! ) And if you have to buy a single album of rock pick this one : it's a pure jewel. Do you really need more arguments or informations about this album?  No?  So run, my boy, run and get it...
0399146253|2.0|The Last Precinct by Patricia Cornwell G.P. Putnam's Sons NY 2000<br />Dr. Kay Scarpetta is at the end of her tether. At the end of the previous book she had barely survived the murderous attack of &quot;la loup garrou&quot; (werewolf), Jean Batiste Chandonne, and now she has to move out of her house and stay with her good friend, psychiatrist Dr. Anna Zenner. Under Anna's care, Kay begins to come to grips with the death of her former lover, Benton Wesley, the previous year, and the tumult of her life as Chief Medical Examiner. She then is brought before a Grand Jury on suspicion of murder of the former Chief of Police (one of the werewolf's victims). <br />Jay Talley , Kay's friend and lover from Paris, working on the werewolf cases in France, shows up on her doorstep when it is found that a New York murder two years previously was also a victim of the werewolf. The story gets even more complicated when two other murders and the strangling of a young boy cloud the investigative waters. Kay eventually comes out the other side of this tangled mess but not before she discovers who the real instigator of Benton's death was and finds out who her real friends are. <br />This book starts immediately after the end of the last book &quot;Black Notice&quot; ends and needs to be read before starting this one. This is not one of Cornwell's better books. It serves to tie up a number of loose ends in Kay's life but the story line is weak and cluttered with too many dead bodies whose presence only minimally contributes to the story. I am glad that Cornwell got this out of her system and hope that Kay Scarpetta can find a new and exciting life as she is recreated.
B00004XQ83|5.0|I wonder if the Coen brothers didn't really build their movie on the music rather than on the Odyssey. Hint: How about a new music series a la Ken Burns' &quot;Jazz&quot;? I could listen forever.
0004723724|5.0|Hi!<br />Curious thing about Oscar Wilde is that although he is frequently underrated, ignored, trivialized, forgotten or simply dismissed his works are also widely and frequently plagiarized. Not that he would care too much about that if he were alive.<br />This book is a great collection of literary works by one of the greatest writers in the English language. Ranging from prose, fairy tales and drama through poetry to social commentary. This book has something for (almost) everyone, it is a great companion on long journeys and a breath of fresh air compared with some of the stale and stagnant ruminations of many an airport paper-back hero.<br />Try it! it's good for the soul and the mind.<br />regards......
0812550706|5.0|The science fiction aspect of this book is not what made it excellent for me.  It's how Mr. Card seems to understand the human condition that made me keep flipping pages. He fleshes out the characters and lets you see the demons that plague these people. I'd recommend this book to anyone even if you aren't &quot;into&quot; science fiction. It's one of the most intriguing books I've read the past few years.
B0000024ZI|5.0|As Pete Frame said this was a &quot;Fabulous band - on a good night the best in the world, and more influential than anyone at the time dared believe...&quot; This sums up Mott the Hoople and the All The Young Dudes album to perfection.<br />Bowie new a good thing when he saw it, and penned a great song for them that probably did him as much commercial good than it did them - which is fair after all.<br />Regards,<br />martyn_jones@iniciativas.com Nice version of Lou Reed's Sweet jane starts the proceedings and then it just goes up hill all the way.
B00002E233|1.0|Coming form the guy who directed Cliffhanger, and Cutthroat Island, I wasn't expecting much, and that is what I got. The FX were among the worst I've ever seen, my Playstation could animate those sharks more accuratly. People get ripped to shreds, things blow up ho-hum. The acting is bad even Samuel L. Jackson whom I admire very much. LL Cool J is in it too, and of course he has a rap song on the end that is totally out of place. Do yourself a favor and watch Jaws, not this steaming chunk of feces!
0790729644|5.0|There are no smart tricks here, no easy pulling of the heart-strings, no oh so sentimental glorification, no playing to the Oscar gallery, no self serving dialogue, no vanity, no egoism and no cop-out.<br />Clint Eastwood has become probably one of the most gifted, thoughtful and quality directors around. This film is characteristically understated and overhwelmingly brilliant. Every scene has been carefully constructed, every shot has more intelligence in it than quite a few directors would invest in a whole film. Clint Eastwood could make the worst of plots seem quite plausible. With a solid story as told in Unforgiven, the direction of Clint and the great acting by all concerned, this film takes the genre into a completely new dimension.<br />The soundtrack too has been carefully thought out and uncharacteristically, for most directors, actually goes with the film. Rather than just being a hastily arranged collection of commercially inspired afterthoughts the music complements the creation of the moods, the ambiental settings and the acting.<br />Couldn't have wished for a better movie!<br />... . ... .END
B00004Z4YA|5.0|The new found sons of Brit Pop have come up with a gem of a debut album with Parachutes. From the moment the album is placed in the stereo it seems to flow timelessly from great track to great track. Parachutes has a great slow melodic feel to it that can just set you into a really good mood, but on occasion it ups the pace and you find yourself unkowingly bobbing your head and humming in time.<br />I originally owned the regular Parachutes album but I gave it to my girlfriend as I had no money and I needed a good gift for her. A friend of mine knowing I really liked the album found the box set and ordered it for me. <br />The Box set is by far the best album purchase I have made since Pinkfloyds Shine On Box set. The little extras that it contains just serve to make an already complete album brilliant. I would recommend this album to any one who hasn't yet experienced Coldplay or even if you own Parachutes, the singles in the Box set still make it a worthy buy.
B000056JYB|5.0|Remastering 60s albums sometimes makes them sound strange or not quite right, but in this case it's like hearing the music clearly for the first time.  I was never crazy about this album but now I can really hear it and the songs are better than I ever knew.  The bonus cuts are acceptable -- the jams are pretty good jams.  At this point, after listening to both cds maybe 7-8 times, I'd call it a revelation, it's so much better than I expected.
0385335482|4.0|If you love to shop, you will appreciate becky the narrator of this quirky, funny novel. She is in debt up to her ears but cannot stop shopping. It is terribly funny and a great read!
0316921173|5.0|When I first heard about Infinite Jest, way back in early 1996, I thought to myself: \\"This sounds like my kind of book\\" as I have a taste for science fiction and satire. Being in Australia I found the book difficult to locate, and eventually bought it on a trip to the USA later that year. I didn't start reading it until I had finished my high school finals in 1997. It took me a year to read, which means I finished it late 1998-1999. During that period, and immediately after, I found myself buying a copy for all my friends' birthdays - I wanted to discuss all its complexities.<br />To be sure Infinite Jest is an imperfect novel  - but it is also an imperfect masterpiece. Its flaws are an essential component in its character; and yes, a large part of them can be attributed to its magnanimity.<br />In the end its not the size that has left me so stunned.<br />Its that two years after reading Infinite Jest I felt compelled to write a review. I still talk about the book with friends, I still think about it, I still find myself flicking through pages. I remember how a friend explained to me how Infinite Jest's chaotic structure was based upon the Eschaton differation that Wallace detailed in one of his footnotes [#123 to be precise] - at least that was his theory.  I even thought about the novel when watching the recent Australian Open, and couldn't help but laugh.<br />There is so much that is memorable within Infinite Jest: Wallace's linguistic gymnastics, his caricatures-come-characters, his wise observation of human folly, his maniacal sense of humour and irony, and his sheer intellectual ferocity. However, all these characteristics are present in varying degrees in his first novel, the Broom of the System. Infinite Jest I think is the better work for one reason - it has humanity. Somehow, despite the lurking misanthropy within its pages, Infinite Jest also has a heart. Its not content to merely condemn addiction, instead portraying addicts with empathy and sympathy.Afterall, addiction is a central human trait - at least in this modern age. Some scenes still make me cry after all this time.<br />Infinite Jest is a hard slog, and not for everyone. For those who persevere it is amazingly rewarding. You will feel and think and talk and argue about it for a long time after reading. <br />In an age of disposable culture Wallace has crafted an artwork that is nigh impossible to forget. That is Infinite Jest's genius.
6305508550|5.0|&quot;Office Space&quot; is so dead-on accurate in its satirical skewering of the coporate world it's almost scary. The passive-aggressive boss, the older employees constantly feering for their jobs, the constantly inane small talk - all are fodder for this movie's hysterical series of situations. I've watched this one over and over and I never get tired of it. Every actor, even the bit players, bring something fresh and funny to their characters. Unfairly overlooked when it was released, this movie deserves to be seen by everyone in the corporate America and beyond.
0812523334|5.0|When I first read &quot;Little Women&quot; I was twelve years old and now, several years later, it is still my favorite book. One of the reasons for that is that the book is effidently written with much love and feeling, which is quite understandable, knowing that it is based on Louisa Alcott's own life. It is really tragic when one finds out what Louisa's real life was like and the way she describes it in &quot;Little Women&quot;. It is as if she were decribing the life she wished for, while she tries at the same time to depict the truth. The way she describes the family life is heartwarming and I always hope that my children will love me as much as the March girls love their mother. The book is a picture of love, confidence and goodness. Some people may say it is too soft and moralistic, but I think that it can't do any harm to think about that once in a while. I mean, what is wrong with being good? The March girls are not saints, not even Beth, but they try to be as good as possible and many people should try that too. This book is most surely the loveliest story I have ever read and probably the best I'll ever read. And I don't think I am alone in that, otherwise it wouldn't be so popular today, over a hundred years after its first publication.
0345350499|5.0|I absolutely adore this book. You can really feel what the characters inside the story are feeling. This book is about the women inside of the Arthurian Legend. All the women that insisted on being Goddess Worshippers were strong and powerful women. Unlike Gwenyfer who was a Christian and couldnt get pregnant. I highly reccomend this book to anyone.
0446525537|5.0|I guarantee... you will laugh.<br />And I guarantee... you will cry.<br />This was the promise of the author in the last sentence of the prologue.  Thus, you already had an idea of how the book was going to end.  By chapter 5, I had already pretty much figured out the book.  But, as mildly predictable as it may be, it's not the end and whether you know it or not that matters, but how sweet the journey is to get there... and this is such a sweet story.<br />In the beginning, I laughed my tail off, and thought this was a wonderful book.  At the end, I cried... and still thought this was a wonderful book.<br />All the predictions were true, and rarely do I come across a book that can be so touching as this one has touched me.  Nicholas Sparks is my favorite author and I have read all his books.  In my opinion, this one is his best.<br />I can only hope that one day I meet my Jamie Sullivan.  But one can never know... about God's plan :)
0375703764|1.0|I tried to find something positive to say about this novel and can only come up with:  &quot;The cover's nice!&quot;  I guess the idea is clever enough, but the gimmicky nature of the text is just overbearing.  A friend of mine took one look at the blurbs on the back cover, including one from &quot;writer&quot; Bret Easton Ellis, and told me not to bother.  I should have heeded his advice. I found myself ripping through the pretentious bits, the footnotes (my God, the footnotes!), and even the secondary story about the guy who finds the manuscript and is caught up in the horror of it all, to find out what happens with the house itself.  Definitely not worth the time and energy.  If you like tricky, read Eco, read Borges, read Pavich...  but don't live to regret reading this mishmash.
0446677450|1.0|This book has some good ideas, but it seems to be more of an infomercial for the author's $300 board game.  NO board game is worth $300!  Give me a break!
0671034065|5.0|I have read multiple books by Linda Howard and enjoy that her books all have a different story. She doesn't just follow one idea and one style as a matter of fact she changes her style with almost each book.  She is always good for a surprise. This book took me by surprise, I really wasn't sure what I had expected but this is the first time I read a book of hers where I laughed out loud constantly. Sure,when she writes about the murder part you don't laugh out loud, but even then she will not let you down and turns the  friends into a group of woman you just want to be part of . The way how they stick together and cheer each other up is just wonderful. Sam fits right in..;-) I can highly recommend this book. The characters are alive and you definately want to be part of their life and friendship and Linda Howard makes it possible by opening Sam and Jaine's world to you. Very funny, charming and interesting. The whole book is wonderful and I hope you all are going to enjoy it and have a great time. Each situation is dealt with in a humorful but not overwhelming matter and it seems so right and real. As you can tell I am saddened that I have finished it and wished there would be more books like that from Linda Howard. She is definately a big surprise. Each book has a differnt style. Well I hope you are all enjoying it and laugh out loud. That is so special about this book. You fly right through it .. so fasten your seat belt.. this is a good book and you will enjoy it I am sure.
630512762X|3.0|I gave this one 3 stars because beyond the shoot em ups and special effect, there was no story.  Cage did a much better job in acting than Travolta, aka, Barbarino.  Some movies I would view again but this one, no.  Travolta was better in &quot;Broken Arrow&quot; and Cage was better in, what was that movie about the raid in the prison and the lethal poison gas weapon. hmmm., don't remember.
B000002J6H|5.0|Most people are not aware of the fact that aside from the great guitar work from Steven Stills, Jimi Hendrix gives a funky solo in &quot;Old Times, Good Times&quot;. If like me, you were around in 1970 when this album was released, it was huge!
0064400557|5.0|My third grade teacher read this book to my class and as she was reading it aloud to us, I bought my own copy and read along.  It was the first &quot;big girl book&quot; I ever read and remains a favorite of my mine to this day!  This book is responsible for my love of reading.  It teaches a very valuable lesson in friendship that can be appreiciated by people of all ages!  I highly recommend this book to children of ALL ages!
B000050XEI|5.0|I waited three years for Enya'a latest recording, and I was not disappointed.  I agree with others; it is not her best work, but it's NEW!  Many of her songs have that same layered vocal pattern (it's her voice, sometimes dubbed over 120 times) that some other artists have all too obviously tried to imitate.<br />It's all about hooks.  Every song that Enya does has one, which is one reason why I have played some of her albums 1,000 times or more in the last 16 years.  Her best work is a matter of opinion, but I would call her second prior recording &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot; (1995) unequaled, just above &quot;Sheppard Moon&quot; (1992).  On this album, &quot;Wild Child&quot; is one of my favorites, as well as the introductory track, with their hauntingly angelic seventh chords that really have a way of making me homesick (I'm an angel in a man's body, remember?)  This album of itself for me dissolves all hatred and stress within my soul, which is why I use Enya as my Number One Prescription.  I bought it simply because it was Enya, Enya anything.  The only thing even close to negative I would comment is that the entire recording is only 34 minutes long, but I can compensate simply by putting on REPEAT ALL.  I have listened to &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; sometimes four times in a row, and found that two hours went by like it was ten minutes.<br />It was interesting that when this first album came out, three of her other albums were suddenly pulled into the top ten in the New Age section.  One artist has four albums in the top ten.  Has anyone else or some other group EVER done that?  Not even the Beatles?  Enough said.  Buy it today without thinking.  #1 recommendation.
B000002L9W|5.0|WOOW, this guys really rocks, I think this band it is the GREATEST ROCK AND ROLL BAND of all the times, Diamond Dave in vocals, Steve Alien secrets Vai in guitars and Billy you can't play this chops Sheenan in bass. Yankee rose, Elephant gun, Tobacco Road, I'm easy, Shy boy (a Tallas cover), these songs must be in a dummies guide to rock and roll. Moreover they cover That's life and Diamond Dave changed the last verse of the song to FLY. You think you can fly if you hear this song to enough volume. This record will blow up your brain.
B000002N3N|5.0|Okay, so I'm spreading my #1 rating around.  &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot; for this Angel Man is my favorite of Enya's.  When it comes to her music, however, it is very difficult sometimes to pick #1.  &quot;The Celts,&quot; if I absolutely had to narrow my choices down, would be second only to this album.  The title track, like many of Enya's beautiful lyrics, simply melts the world's hatred off my soul in a mere ninety seconds.  I am in disbelief that anyone could not fully appreciate Enya's best work, often imitated but never truly equalled.<br />Track six, my all time favorite single is a case in point: &quot;I know that if I have heaven, there is nothing to desire...&quot;  Who else has even dreamed of such perfect prose?  There is not a single track on &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot; that doesn't have something unique, and whoever could possibly call that &quot;depressing&quot; must be truly depressed.  This album is only one of the three possessions I would take with me if I suddenly had fifteen seconds to escape an approching disaster.<br />I cannot say enough good things about this album, except buy it, buy it, buy it!  I am having a difficult time as it is restricting the length of my commentary, except that this album is the closest thing to my home (...&quot;angel&quot;..., remember) that I have heard to date.  If the album is disagreeable at first or sounds monotonous, don't worry.  That's just Enya's way of knocking off the hard shell that has encased your soul.  Listen to this album with REPEAT ON for three months, and you should be a new person as a result.  I am.  Because of this single music work, without equal, I have changed only for the better.  It may sound like corny philosophical meanderings, but it's a fact.<br />Everything that I have to say about Enya, whom I am very glad to call a beloved relative, will be nothing short of a love letter.  Buy this album today!  Or anything Enya, for that matter.
068484267X|5.0|Angelas Ashes is not an easy book to read.  It doesn't get bogged down in complicated storytelling or jargon or any such hinderance that would make the reader UNABLE to read it, it's just EMOTIONALLY tough to get through.  McCourt, through his fine, emotive storytelling takes the reader on an emotional journey through his formative years growing up in the poor, despair ridden ghettos of depression era Ireland.  Told with a warmth and humor that only he can muster in the face of so much tragedy and personal hardship.  This is the only book I've ever read where the the tough circumstances of the characters lives, as bitter a pill as they are, are offset by the warmth, faith and humor in the storytellers voice.  Do yourself a favor and pick this book up, you may find yourself laughing along with it on more than one occasion, and certaily shedding a tear over it, but you will not be dissapointed! &quot;I do believe, induced by potent circumstances, that thou art mine enemy!&quot;
0679720200|5.0|I picked up The Stranger expecting the worst.  With a sigh I sat down to read it, and about an hour later, I put it down.  I sighed again, shrugged and then ate lunch.  At dinner, I told my father that I had finished reading it, and my reaction to the text.   He grinned and waved his fork.  &quot;That's exactly what Camus was writing about.&quot; Confused, I read the book again. And this time, I liked it. The more I read it, the easier it was to understand.  I felt connected to the characters, and sympathized with the events in thier lives. The Stranger nows has a special space in my bookcase.
B000056K04|5.0|I must say, as a huge DMB fan... I was at first hesitant towards the new \\"Everyday\\" album... what I've heard from snippets off the official website (I think you all should go check it out)... It is in no way a typical style of music for them and very different, but different is a good thing!  I don't think anything will ever beat Dave's classic albums, but to experiment and push the talent to another level is such a gift to his fans... It may take a minor warming up to, but once it clicks... you're hooked!  Dave has once again proved why he is one of the music industry's foremost songwriters.  He has been able to change their style while maintaining quality and passion...   In their chord progressions and arrangements you can really hear the rock influence.  It's an added spice w/ electric guitar riffs that really enhance the band we have already grown to love...  It'll be a must have for Dave Matthews fans old and new!
B00000IQ4Q|5.0|het is een bangelijke en spannende film over vampieren,je moet hem gewoon bekijken je krijgt er geen genoeg van.
B000059H98|3.0|This movie is the perfect comic book turned film.  Rachel Talalay knew when she was creating this, that it was merely just a comic book and didn't try to make it anything more by adding some redeaming social content or anything.  The film looks just like a comic book.  What else can I say? Lori Petty is hot and the movie had Malcom Mcdowell in it.  The DVD on the other hand is another matter.  There are no extras.  I wanted commentaries or deleted scenes or a featurette or at least something.
0385335482|5.0|Imagine having all the joy of shopping without ever having to spend a dime!  Add to that great humor, a wonderful main character and a deeply satisfying ending and you have the perfect rainy day read.
B000051VWW|4.0|I have listened to this CD for a while now.  There are several tried and true slow, smooth and dreamy Sade tracks that will grow on you.  But there is also a lot about this CD that sounds like the weaker cuts of her last release - Love Deluxe.  If you are looking for something to take a hot bath and relax to, this is likely it.  Granted, with the right company, this could be just the CD for an incredibly memorable rainy night.  But if you are looking for some cool, richly produced, imaginative jazz with a nice beat and some attitude, you'll want to pass on this one.  <br />Sade has been down this road before.  If you have listened to her softer, introspective ballads, you already know right where she is going to take you.  As long as that is your idea of a nice destination, you won't feel like you are being taken for a ride.
0345360338|4.0|Again, SKP writes a wonderful book, demonstrates a tremendous talent for bringing long dead places and people to life.  I have to admit to the smallest of disappointments, however (note, still, that I'm giving the book 4 stars, which is VERY GOOD).  Being new to the actual history, I read a little about Simon de Montfort before tackling this, saw him referred to as one of the most powerful personalities of his time.  Perhaps I expected too much, or something different, but I had a difficult time balancing the Simon de Montfort in Falls the Shadow with the Simon I read of in the history books.  I also had more of a sense that I was being *told* that Henry was incompetent, instead of shown -- as if I (the reader) was being rushed through this book to get to the next, which I've just started reading.  In stark contrast, I didn't need to be told that Llewelyn (in Here Be Dragons) was great -- I knew by reading that he was.<br />But that's as critical as I can be of the book.  Oddly enough, when reading Nell's &quot;conversation&quot; with the dead Simon, it was almost exactly two years ago to the minute that I had lost a dear partner, and once again I give SKP the highest marks for getting directly in touch with the emotion of loss.  As well, the conversation between Nell and Edward, when Nell presented Edward with her list, was perfection.  She adeptly scripted Edward, who loved Nell with all his heart, but bore no love for Simon.  His guilt, if it can be called that, was well done.<br />I also enjoyed her treatment of anti-semitism.  Not being anti-semitic, the deep passion of its roots anti-semitism have long escaped me.  As SKP said in her afterword, she made no apologies for it, presented it as it was, and did a terrific job.  I saw through the eyes of a 13th century Christian why Jews were so reviled.  It was sobering, for I couldn't help but wonder how different the world would be if such bigotry had never existed.  It was a better history lesson than I've ever received.eceived.
B00000099Y|5.0|Simply stated, this Album is nothing but 5 star, 1st class Melodic Metal. Thats right. It's polished.
B00003OSTR|5.0|This movie is based on a real life story about a man who is saved by Jesus Christ and then goes off to war.  Unlike the war movies made today, the plot revolves around the man's faith in God, (which might be why they never show this movie on the networks, although its a classic).<br />Sergeant York gets saved in a church after being struck by lightening, and after he is saved he is drafted, and spends time reconciling doing what Christ commands with killing people during time of war.  (This isn't an easy thing to reconcile, and perhaps especially for a newly saved person, even if most  movies act like its nothing.)<br />After reading the bible however, York finds the answer, and goes to war, becoming one of America's great heroes, and in the end, he and his future wife are greatly blessed by God.<br />If all this sounds too heavy, it isn't.  Sergeant York is from Tennessee and the movie is actually quite light hearted.  I also enjoyed hearing the hymn 'Give me that Old Time Religion'.<br />One of my favorite movies, and worth getting if you are tired of the trash they put on tv, and want some films with Christians in them.
B000050XEI|4.0|I first heard Enya as i walked into a college coffee shop and the backround music was so mesmerizing that i had to ask the counter help who this was. As i waited i looked around to see so many students reading and relaxing. I had to go buy this this because i caught the same emotion. This was some 10 years ago and all her albums later, i still love this music. The critics and unappreciative comments are going after the wrong elements to justify their dislike of her new album. It is in a certain class of dreamsical and new age relaxation of music that we don't listen to on a normal day. My preference is hard rock but low and behold this could take my emotions and put me out of my miseries of everyday stress. if she was to change like most critics were suggesting she should, then we lose the art we came to love, when there is change you lose listeners , her change is not dramatic but enough to know it's Enya...as in the trailer for the movie w/K Reeves and C Theron we hear Enya in the backround and immediately captured the love sense of the movie. It is an emotion we all strive to reach. So lets enjoy this and hope she comes back sooner with some new favorites such as Wild Child ,China rose and her earlier releases ..ps my wife is in to the grunge scene and caught her taking a warm bath listening to &quot;A Day w/out Rain&quot; Everyone is welcomed to listen that is what music is for ..the real listeners hear it in their Heart and Soul...Just enjoy Look what Yanni is doing .....and yet we still buy and sellout his concerts.....
0553573403|5.0|George Martin doesn't just tell his readers a story, he grabs them by the back of the neck and yanks them into his world.  The characters are so real, you'll think you've known them for years.  At least until they completely shock you, which happens throughout.  The plot is intricate and it MOVES!  The intrigue begins on page one, then twists and builds all the way to the end.<br />A word of warning to avid fantasy readers.  This book (and the series in general) is not loaded with magic swords, powerful rings, or hidden spellbooks.  Magic provides some of the back story and does cast a shadow on present events, but not much more than that in this first book.  The role of magic does expand somewhat in the sequels, however.<br />If you want to read a gripping story featuring complex, three-dimensional characters in a fascinating, well-conceived world, check this book out.  I've read fantasy from Tolkien, Donaldson, and Jordan to Wolfe, Willaims, and Goodkind, and &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot; more than holds its own.  You WON'T be disappointed!
B00004XMTH|5.0|Not being able to see the actual musical before it closed on B'way, this was about as close as I could get and BOY, was it good! Now, I've said before that no one would EVER get me to see this musical, and now it's one of my favorites. You see, spandex+ dancing = scary... but anyway, great music, AMAZING dancing (Namely Victoria, Invite to the Jellicle Ball(And I know how athletic you've gotta be to dance to Jellicle Songs for Jellicle cats)) and... er... ok costumes (sorry, the spandex still gets to me...), awesome set, and (I'm running out of adjectives) supurb singing! A MUST for any serious theater fanatic (namely... me! Oh, and you too, Erin...)
B000002GQH|5.0|The early Moody Blues albums have a certain quality wonderment and adventure... as if the music is reaching toward the heavens, trying to unlock the secrets of the universe.<br />On the Threshold of a Dream is one of the greatest albums of the Moodies' career. The songs are very mellotron-driven, which gives them the dreamlike feel that this album successfully strives to reach. <br />Every song here is wonderful. The album starts with In the Beginning, a sort of mini verse play by drummer Graeme Edge that features Graeme, Mike Pinder and Justin Hayward playing roles in the story of a young man's fear that he is nothing more than a machine filled with &quot;magnetic ink.&quot; Then Justin's warm ballad &quot;Lovely to See You&quot; kicks off a slew of great songs, including flutist Ray Thomas's standout blues number &quot;Dear Diary.&quot; But, as good as the first half is, they're just getting warmed up. Another Hayward ballad, &quot;Never Comes the Day,&quot; kicks off the best second half of any album I have ever heard, which continues with Ray's always-relevant &quot;Lazy Day&quot; and the soothing, surreal &quot;Are You Sitting Comfortably&quot; and then segueways into &quot;The Dream,&quot; Grame's most impressive poem, and the gorgeous three-part epic: &quot;Have You Heard I/The Voyage/Have You Heard II,&quot; keyboardist and singer/writer Mike Pinder's greatest moment.<br />This is the kind of album to put on, lay down, close your eyes and just LISTEN to. There is so much beauty to be heard here. This would be an excellent first album to buy for newcomers to the Moody Blues.
B00003001G|5.0|Hello all! I have to say that this LIVE ERA is my first G'n'R recording. I heard it over and over, and every time I put on the cassette on my stereo, it sounds BETTER! Later I bought all the G'n'R CDs, but I think that LIVE ERA is the most amazing, because all songs are more exciting! All G'n'R fans MUST HAVE this album. GOD SAVE AXL AND THE GUNNERS!!!<br />ps. We hope that CHINESE DEMOCRACY will be released soon!
B000051VWW|4.0|I love listening to this CD at the end of a work day: it calms me down at the same time it uplifts me, helping me make the transition from work and commuting to a peaceful and rejuvenating evening at home.  Play it while you're cooking yourself a well-deserved dinner (not some microwave entry!), accompanied by a glass of wine.  Certainly not a disappointment from Sade: the music is what I expected.  Very romantic.  More importantly, the songs all flow together.  Many albums I listen to have too jarring a shift from upbeat music to a romantic love song.  The singles on this album are mixed together thoughtfully.  My favorite happens to be the title track, Lovers Rock.
B000002KZ6|5.0|Just one of the best albums ever. Here, the T-Heads strike a brilliant balance between eclectic and listenable. I'll never get tired of this album.
B000002H38|5.0|Five stars isn't enough to describe this album. It still sounds fresh and inventive as the day it was released. It's still a beautiful work and its title fits it perfect. This album is great for listening to at dusk, right under a magenta sky with a dull golden sun setting into the horizon while the wind whispers quietly about you. That's the feeling I get when I listen to this album. It just evokes such beautiful imagery in the beholder. It brings me joy. It's perfect for those who are in love, not only with another person, but also with theirself. This album makes you feel good and it brings you joy. The music is so calm. It's also great music on a day with rain or after midnight with the stars trembling high above in the hazy heavens. Just experience this for yourself. Everything everyone says is true. Listen.
B00003CXB6|5.0|I'm going to begin by talking about the 2 major shortcomings of Michael Crichton's novel Lost World.  In Dr. Crichton's novel Jurassic Park, the mathematician Ian Malcolm dies.  There is no satisfactory explanation for his resurrection.  Just a major continuity error.  The second problem is the title.  It is stolen from the novel by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle (The same guy who created Sherlock Holmes) about a group of explorers who find a remote plateau where Dinosaurs still live.  Taking that into consideration, the title almost feels like a form of plagiarism.<br />This is why the movie is better.  Mr. Spielberg works in several leftover plot bits from Jurassic Park into Dr. Crichton's basic story, then twists the plot a bit more so that he can work in elements of Sir Arthur's story as well.  The result is a hodge podge of some of the cooler elements of both novels by Michael Crichton as well as some decent acknowledgement to the original source material as provided by Sir Doyle.<br />Doyle's influence is most strongly felt in the T-Rex in San Francisco climax. In the original 1925 silent film The Lost World, a captured Brontosaurus wreaks havoc in London.  In the original novel, a baby Pteradactyl causes panic in a lecture hall.<br />Of course the movie lacks some of the wonder of the original.  Once the audience is used to seeing such exceptionally realistic dinosaurs, they can't really go back.  And the characters aren't much more memorable in this movie than they are in the first, in spite of efforts to make them stronger.  This is because, in spite of the audience's familiarity with the visual effects, those effects still overpower the characters.  This has always been the way with this type of movie.  Does anyone remember any dialogue from King Kong besides &quot;It was beauty killed the beast?&quot;  King Kong is even boring until they finally get to Skull Island.<br />People are prepared to compare The Lost World: Jurassic Park to either Michael Crichton's novel Lost World, or to Steven Spielberg's movie Jurassic Park.  I am of the opinion that Mr. Spielberg, in working in elements from older, similar stories, tried to take his movie further than Dr. Crichton's contrived plot allowed.  And for the most part, Spielberg succeededs novel Lost World, or to Steven Spielberg's movie Jurassic Park.  I am of the opinion that Mr. Spielberg, in working in elements from older, similar stories, tried to take his movie further than Dr. Crichton's contrived plot allowed.  And for the most part, Spielberg succeeded
0805062971|5.0|After being a devote of the movie Fight Club, I had to read the novel.  Of course there are some (not to say a lot) of differences to the movie.  If you liked the movie (difficult not to happen), you have to read the novel.
B000002572|5.0|Tom Sholz, and Boston, did a righteous job with this.  This is by far the greatest Rock album ever released.  The guitar riffs are a style that is all Boston's, and definately a trademark.  I highly recommend this album to anyone seeking righteous lyrics, guitar riffs, and harmonies!!!!
0441003257|5.0|for books this good.  there isn't though, but read this one anyway.  i don't care which author you find Good Omens through, they both add wonderful little bits that you'll want to read a lot of.  and then read again.  i am on my second copy because i dog-eared and battered my first into oblivion.  I was in class when i first read this, years an ago,(calc) and was reading this having finished other work, needless to say I was asked to leave since my laugh is pretty loud and i was a bit disruptive.  though i must say that once i finished giggling about the myriad joys of famine and war, i was rather startled to find an apealing and strange depth to this wonderful novel, and that it's sly morality and goffy maxims keep me recomending it at least as much as its flat out free for all of humor.  It's about the near death expriance of seven million folks and it'll make you feel a lot better.  7 dollars is worth it for several million smiles.
B00004YW6I|3.0|Though in many ways PJ Harvey arrives full circle to her guitar crunching roots in Stories From the City..., it's also a striking departure from the darker atmospherics of the haunting To Bring You My Love or Is This Desire.  Listen closely between the brash guitar strokes and you'll hear a happier PJ sing Hosannas - &quot;Baby Baby Ain't it true/I'm immortal when I'm with you&quot;.  True, she's not skipping through the park holding Kathie Lee's hand, but Harvey grappled with issues of faith and sexuality with much more theatrical brio and conviction in her earlier works. Harvey's subject matter on this LP leans more toward relationships and love, and not to say it's not a worthy subject to put to music, but I feel it's been done better.  There's no groundbreaking material here, but her lyrics and delivery save the album from being just another &quot;rock album&quot;.  Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea is not necessarily a disaster; in fact, far from it.  But it doesn't rank up there in her earlier works.
0380789019|5.0|This is, first and always, a book that is a damn fine read.  You laugh, and you shudder, and you find yourself thinking, my god, he just used the word &quot;fop,&quot; and then you finish, and it is good.  And then, an hour, a day later you think--I want to go back, or just: I want to go.  Gaiman's world is fullblown, richely hued and uniquely his, and I for one want it.  Whenever I go back, which is about once a year, I find myself wondering, if I really was homeless, could I maybe disapear into this world of his?  No author has ever made me crave to jump into his head and live forever there quite so much.  This is a book to tell others about, to read big bits and little bits to friends, and certainly to read over and again.  Fans of the DreamKing, read it like you've never known Neil, and those who've read Stardust, I'd like to introduce you to Missers Croup and Vandemar, to Door and Richard, the Marquis and Hunter, and to London, as your dreams have always know it to be.
0790729628|5.0|About this movie all has been written, in this site too, and in very interesting ways. I would like propose a personal reading.<br />I start from afar : who is the most famous and loved Don Juan? That by Tirso da Molina? Not, he is often quoted but less known. That by Moliere? Not, he is acute too.<br />On!, that by Mozart and Da Ponte! Here really, through \\"the  most beautiful music in the world\\" and a libretto etched on our memory, we understand Don Juan became a modern hero, he is not the complacent cavalier and the philanderer, but the competing of prissiness and of the foregone life. And women? They are the battlefield of Don Juan!<br />Sure, but attention, please: in the Mozart's opera Don Juan can't manage one performance. We cannot understand what has happened with Anna, and she will be anyway his fall; Elvira hates him; Zerlina, after an engagement, at last dodges...we ca know all the skill of Don Juan only by means of the Leporello's explanations, for the rest we see a hero even on the point of being dominated.<br />2019 in Los Angeles, captain Bryant explains us Deckard is the best hunter of androids: really he is  a magician! But after who can we see? A tired hero, with the perplexed look of Harrison Ford; this character is in the movie less old and bruise than in the Dick's book, but in the movie he is more inconclusive and unawares vulnerable  than in the book.<br />Deckard has to erase six androids: Zora is on the point of strangling him but she is diverted by others; Leon is killing him, but Rachel saves Deckard; Pris has already won, but she want to kill him trough her favourite blow, the somersault , and let him the time to save himself; Roy ridicules him and with greatness pardons him. Deckard falls in love with Rachel (the wonderful SeanYoung), the fifth android, and so he solves the problem.  (Yes , the androids have to be six...but this is the mystery of the movie: who is the sixth?)<br />Both Don Juan the Cavalier had to hide himself, to flee, to disguise himself, and above all was so inept with women....and Deckard the Hunter takes hails of punches, loses his teeth, has two broken fingers...Both do not hunt, but they are hunted and have to run off. One goes at hell by choice, other change his life by love.<br />The very simple story, the visions, the colours, the music and the last words (\\"tears in the rain\\")  produces this movie one of the best in the world. I advise the \\"Director's cut\\"ee, to disguise himself, and above all was so inept with women....and Deckard the Hunter takes hails of punches, loses his teeth, has two broken fingers...Both do not hunt, but they are hunted and have to run off. One goes at hell by choice, other change his life by love.<br />The very simple story, the visions, the colours, the music and the last words (\\"tears in the rain\\")  produces this movie one of the best in the world. I advise the \\"Director's cut\\"
B0000508U6|5.0|This is one of those CD's that you just can't stop listening to. The influences of these guys from London are well spread all over the album. Starting from the oldest of course The Beatles, also you can hear early pink floyd guitars, arrays from The Smiths, then old school from the manchester scene in the latest 80's early 90's like Ride, Stone Roses and even the House of Love. They couldn't forget the actual sound of the Brit scene, taking references from Travis and Radiohead.<br />I sum this is an album that combines perfectly the story of Brit indie music in the last 3 decades. For a debut album they just did magic, I hope it wont dissapear....!!!
0738203335|4.0|Glyn Moody's book is an admirably complete history of Linux and the open source movement. It also manages to keep the pace going well, despite having to deal with a comparitively dry subject matter. The trouble is, because the movement is so disparate, the book has to jump from point to point and person to person rapidly. By trying to cover the people, the products and the philosophy behind open source, Rebel Code stretches itself a bit too thinly. It is thorough though, with historically correct-to-the-second Linux launches and loads of annotated email from the important parties.<br />However, it doesn't explain itself thoroughly enough for a mainstream book. Someone with even a sketchy knowledge of computing will have no problems with the terminology, but those who don't even know that Windows is an operating system (or for that matter what an operating system is) may be left out in the cold. Then again, those who don't know what a web server is probably will not be drawn to the book (and are highly unlikely to read this critique on-line). There is also an underlying implication that Linux is only server-sided. This could inadvertently undermine today's open source movement - the next move for Linux must be to break into the small office/home desktop as successfully as it has into the web server world, as soon as more people discover there is 'no-cost' life beyond the Windows desktop.<br />Finally, despite praising the Open Source movement, Rebel Code doesn't fall into the trap of simply becoming a 'Microsoft is evil' rant. Instead it remains balanced which means anyone interested in the state of the computer world (now and for the next few years, at least) could find something of interest here.
B000006TRV|1.0|This was THE album to have when it first came out.   Unfortunately as I listen to it now, I see how much filler is on it!!  I never realized it before.<br />Yes, you get a handful of absolute classic songs (&quot;Comfortably Numb&quot;, &quot;Hey You&quot;, &quot;Run Like Hell&quot;).  But man, &quot;Another Brick..(part 2) just sounds laughably dated now!!!!  <br />The rest...filler.   Nice for nostalgic purposes, but don't believe the hype.   &quot;Wish You Were Here&quot; is better
B00003CXN4|4.0|I was blown away by the reality of the war on drugs. Soderbergh shows us how real the situation is. It's not only happening on the streets, in Latin America, but right here, in our own homes. As a native of Cincinnati, growing up here, attending private school, and now a university that is close to where the &quot;street&quot; scenes were shot, I have seen both ends of the spectrum. And that is, drugs are prevalent, if you want them bad enough, anybody can get them. Many parents of the students Soderbergh chose to depict  in Traffic were furious and outraged, this movie only furthers my belief that some parents don't know the world their son/daughter is living in. This movie is a wake-up call to parents, don't be naive.<br />The cast was amazing to say the least. Douglas played a very respectable and believeable father and drug czar. Zeta-Jones played a strong wife, mother and eventually businessman as her lifestlye was threatened. Luis Guzman, Don Cheandle and the guy from &quot;That 70's Show&quot; provided great comical relief, surprising cameos by Benjamin Bratt and the beautiful Salma Hayek. Benecio Del Toro was incredible, his quiet struggle in choosing between right and wrong was award winning. The three storylines were nicely intertwined; the photography and color in the Tijuana scenes were classic. <br />A very good film, highly recommended. Great cast, great script, brought drugs to the forefront. Soderbergh created a movie out from a very touchy subject, and the constant, never-ending struggle that will follow.
B000002OX7|5.0|If an alien visited us and wanted to know what what this rock and roll music was all about, simply cueing up Won't Get Fooled Again would accurately answer the question. To me that particular song is the true deinition and esscence of rock &amp; roll. Booming ringing guitar chords, rumblig bass lines, maniac drumming, superb lyrics and screams and awesome breaks all included for the price of one.<br />Of course The Who really hit their peak here; every song in the 4-5 star range across the board. Top ten album of all time for this R &amp; R fan!!
B000002W5J|5.0|This is simply a must have album for anyone collecting music of that era.  It's psychedelic, romantic, wonderful and strange. There's little else to say.
B00000IOSU|5.0|First of all I am glad to see this album back on the album chart just making it back to #200. Now I try and stay away from Live albums unless they are from artists that I really like and when I went out and bought this album I wasn't disappointed, because I knew that Sarah would not let me down, and she didn't. I bought the album because I simply loved her live version of &quot;I Will Remember You&quot; which continued her top 20 streak which hit #14, there is a great live video for this, also on this album is the live video version to &quot;Angel&quot; the version not on &quot;Surfacing&quot;, and also live versions of &quot;Adia&quot;, &quot;Good Enough&quot; and &quot;Hold On&quot;, but the live version that defines this album is &quot;Ice Cream&quot; a non-release originally off of the execellent &quot;Fumbling Toward Ecstasy&quot; album, that is bought to new life in this live version, which Sarah seemed to have a lot of fun recording, &quot;Mirrorball&quot; is one live album the holds up, but it's not suprising, isn't Sarah the one that created the very successful &quot;Lillith Tour&quot;, I think she know what she is doing.
B00001ZWTT|5.0|I think I enjoyed this movie, er, film more than the next guy  because of my extensive knowledge of the so called &quot;wild west.&quot; The thing people failed to realize about this film was how historically accurate it was. The makers of this delightful project paid attention to every, and I mean EVERY detail, just as it actually was. Almost to the point that I thought this was actually a documentary of some sorts!!! I mean, with pristine black uniforms never collecting any dust, silent, yet automatic wheelchairs, powerful electro-magnets, guys with metal brains, and giant mechanical spiders, you can't get closer the truth about how it actually was back then. All of these things actually happened!!! They just weren't widely reported. Having said this, be sure to check out &quot;Wild Wild West&quot;!!!....acually, this movie was horrible. Run from it.
B000001DU5|5.0|I always loved &quot;Everybody wants to rule the world&quot; and remembered seeing acouple of TFF music videos as a child. Seeing this album on discount at my local record store, I decided to give it a whirl. I was simply astounded at its magnificence. Each and every song is an undisputed classic. My favourite is &quot;Tears Roll Down&quot;. I would recommend this album to anybody. My brother is a Metallica fan and he loves it!
B000003S0F|4.0|This album has earned a four in my book mainly because it is King Crimson, but also because it is a complete thought--a perfect concept album. The &quot;island&quot; theme runs throughout the album--just look at the titles of the songs! The sailors tales, song of the gulls etc. And all the songs seem to have this melancholy longing to them. The music invokes feelings of being on a tropical island in the carribean or just on your own on a hilltop gazing at the stars. This is not an album for the group like much rock music is, but rather for the individual to mull over, relate the music to his/her own life and even allow it to make him/her at peace with everything. It settles me, calms me down, then wakes me up with the grooning baritone sax and guitar and then calms me again. Not for beggining Crimson fans though because it is not representative of most of the rest of their music. However, if you know most of their other music, I suggest picking this one up now--it is the HEART of KC, rather than the BRAIN.
B000001GQB|5.0|With the exception of Bruno Walter, Karl Bohm was the most universally admired Mozart conductor of the 20th century.  Bohm trained under Walter, and from the older maestro he learned to conduct Mozart as a serious composer, not an effeminate minor talent.  Bohm's deep identification with Mozart's music, both symphonic and operatic, is virtually palpable on these magnificent recordings.  With the exception of (surprise) Walter's interpretations, I can't think of another set that so completely captures the spirit and vivacity of Mozart's symphonic genius than this one.<br />Bohm approaches Mozart with a strict precision, careful pacing and closely observed dynamics.  These symphonies were near and dear to Bohm's heart, and he had performed them countless times before making these recordings--yet he manages to make them sound as if they are being performed for the first time.  There is a sparkling vitality and the sheer joy of music-making throughout these recordings.  Bohm's reputation as a master Mozart conductor was well deserved.  Treat yourself to some of the greatest orchestral music ever written, in masterly performances.  Buy these discs.
B000002KCC|5.0|Listening to this album in the new millennium, as I often do, it's difficult to understand why Young's folksy fans deserted him. Yep, the subject matter may be a bit harsher than Harvest, but don't forget that album contained Needle and the Damage Done and Alabama. I admit, I'm not a huge fan of the title track, but everything else on here is classic, from the Crazy Horse rock of Come on Baby... and World On A String, to the stoner tracks like Borrowed Tune, new Mama and the country-grunge of Roll Another Number. Not to forget Albequerque, with it's fantastically strung out chorus. But when on earth is Neil Young's best album coming out on CD? On The Beach should be available to everyone. I've got it on a Spanish pirated CD, but in a siesta kinda way, they managed to stick side 2 on first. Spaniards!
B000001GXB|5.0|It can be easy, at first brush, to confuse subtlety of expression with emotional vapidity.  Pollini's playing underscores the point.  If one can conjure up an Apollonian/Dionysian spectrum of performance in the context of Western Classical music, Pollini would safely fall on the former end of that continuum.  For this, he pays a heavy price with listeners who mistake his clean phrasing, careful use of dynamic contrasts, solid sense of rhythm, and faithfulness to the score for a lack of feeling or involvement.  The feeling is most certainly there; it just isn't overbearing.  Instead, it lurks intelligently beneath the surface and operates in service of the music.  In this recording, Pollini's approach exposes the glorious inner architecture of Beethoven's writing like no other pianist I have heard.<br />A brief note about a point made in an earlier review: those who hail from foreign countries or different musical traditions, it seems, run the risk of being denounced as &quot;those martians&quot; by subsequent reviewers.  If this is to be the case, mea culpa.  For I, too, am meddling in &quot;earthly affairs.&quot;
B00005A3KS|5.0|Since buying a DVD player 2.5 years ago I have been dutifully checking Amazon.com to see if/when this film would be released on DVD. If ever there was a high adventure film that was made for the clarity of DVD, this one is it!  I can only imagine what the sky diving scenes will be like in this format. I absolutely adore the VHS version of this film, and simply can't wait until I can view (and Hear) it on DVD. Kudos to Fox/CBS for Finally releasing it in this format. I suggest that Amazon put this in the top ten of &quot;New Releases&quot;, you'll be amazed at the orders you get! Thanks Amazon, you've come thru again
B000001GE5|4.0|This album may be the best Chopin package on the market, especially given the bargain price.  That said, an out-of-print CD featuring a young Vladimir Ashkenazy, recorded in Moscow in 1959/60, would be an even better choice (with respect to the Etudes) should it ever again become available.  In that legendary recording, Ashkenazy's technique - especially in Op. 25, No. 6 - sends chills down the spine, and he infuses more life into the music than does Pollini.  The Ashkenazy of that vintage should not be confused with his older ghost, currently available on the London/Decca label.<br />What Pollini offers here are whistle-clean performances of (some of) Chopin's major solo works.  Pollini's approach, if somewhat clinical, is refreshing for its lack of affectation or excess.  He does not belabor the music as many other Chopin performers are inclined to do, and he plays with solid technique throughout.
0670451495|5.0|My parents read this book to me when I was young. It is my favorite book ever. I would place this book among Goodnight Moon and the Velveteen Rabbit as the best children's books ever written. I plan on keeping this book for many years to read to my children and grandchildren. Then maybe, when ever they see a mother duck and her babies, they will think of the kind-faced officer, stopping traffic for them to cross the street, just as I do now.
B00000IBRX|2.0|Just when you thought there were plenty of tearjerkers out there, another one arrives with zealous comedian/actor Robin Williams holding its limp foundation on his star-powered shoulders. Williams arrives fresh from an Oscar win from the Damon/Affleck juggernaut &quot;Good Will Hunting&quot; and plays it straight again, this time chock-full o' feigned waterworks and insufferable gloom. There is nothing but a river of tears and sorrow to row this pitiful storyline along, a tale that relentlessly tugs at the heart strings with concepts such as traversing the boundaries of hell to rescue the people you love the most. I think I'm getting weepy myself...sniff...<br />With Oscar-winning Technicolor scenery that screams Photoshop, &quot;What Dreams May Come&quot; is a web designer's wet dream and a film critic's worst nightmare. Its ocean of visual aura is not enough to keep its mawkish screenplay afloat and therefore every performance, whether mediocre or exceptional, suffers as a result. The story begins with a man named Chris Nielsen (Williams) vacationing in the beautiful countryside of Sweden where he meets his future wife Annie (Sciorra); their encounter is endearing and they almost immediately fall in love. From there, it flashes forward with small segments of their marriage and then to a beautiful home where they are parents to a teenage daughter and son. The film doesn't waste any time converting to a somber note when their children are killed in a fatal car crash. Chris follows them to the hereafter only years later, dying in a horrid collision himself and Annie is left all alone, a victim of unpreventable circumstance coping with the deaths of the people she loved the most. Chris, on the other hand, must elucidate and understand the extraordinary bond between he and his wife, tapping each other's souls through the light years between heaven and earth.<br />There may not be any real romance in this movie, but there isn't an ounce of chemistry between Williams and his co-star, he never acute at the leading man bit and Sciorra not much of a romantic figure herself. Out of all the crybabies in this dour ditty, she's the best of the bawlers; sad to say it's her ONLY asset. Had she been paired with a more prominent and charismatic actor, her role might've been more noteworthy.<br />Williams is practiced at sculpting a pitiable mug, the watery eyes and lip biting his key devices (watch &quot;Mrs. Doubtfire&quot;, &quot;Good Morning, Vietnam&quot; and &quot;Patch Adams&quot; for the signature sniveling). Unfortunately, you not only have sympathy for his character but you feel sorry for Williams himself for undertaking such a schmaltzy assignment. I feel that Robin is capable of more than this and &quot;Good Will Hunting&quot; proved that. He has a fellow Oscar winner working alongside him; Cuba Gooding, Jr. is Chris's watchdog, a sentinel who makes sure that Chris makes a smooth transition from death to the hereafter. He does an admiral job but this is not the movie for him, either. If you really want to see Cuba work some magic, watch his Oscar-winning performance in &quot;Jerry Maguire&quot; or his sympathetic portrayal of a ghetto-raised adolescent in &quot;Boyz N' The Hood&quot;.<br />&quot;What Dreams May Come&quot; may be a visually stunning piece, but its lackluster and certainly hackneyed dialogue and overly emotional sentiments make it a maudlin cataclysm. I'd take Disney thoroughfare over this big-budget balderdash any day.his co-star, he never acute at the leading man bit and Sciorra not much of a romantic figure herself. Out of all the crybabies in this dour ditty, she's the best of the bawlers; sad to say it's her ONLY asset. Had she been paired with a more prominent and charismatic actor, her role might've been more noteworthy.<br />Williams is practiced at sculpting a pitiable mug, the watery eyes and lip biting his key devices (watch &quot;Mrs. Doubtfire&quot;, &quot;Good Morning, Vietnam&quot; and &quot;Patch Adams&quot; for the signature sniveling). Unfortunately, you not only have sympathy for his character but you feel sorry for Williams himself for undertaking such a schmaltzy assignment. I feel that Robin is capable of more than this and &quot;Good Will Hunting&quot; proved that. He has a fellow Oscar winner working alongside him; Cuba Gooding, Jr. is Chris's watchdog, a sentinel who makes sure that Chris makes a smooth transition from death to the hereafter. He does an admiral job but this is not the movie for him, either. If you really want to see Cuba work some magic, watch his Oscar-winning performance in &quot;Jerry Maguire&quot; or his sympathetic portrayal of a ghetto-raised adolescent in &quot;Boyz N' The Hood&quot;. <br />&quot;What Dreams May Come&quot; may be a visually stunning piece, but its lackluster and certainly hackneyed dialogue and overly emotional sentiments make it a maudlin cataclysm. I'd take Disney thoroughfare over this big-budget balderdash any day.
B000056VIY|1.0|I heard this album online though her own listening party.  I expected alot more since I do like &quot;Love don't cost a thing&quot;, and I liked her first album.  On the 6 is better, I liked her ballad with Marc Anthony and her jam with Big Pun. I didn't like any other songs on this new cd, her new album is crap.  So generic. Download the songs off napster if you have to before you buy it, trust me.  Try before you buy.  This is a perfect example of why Napster is needed.
0140433627|4.0|I've never really seen the movie version of this literary classic, let alone thought about reading the book. I picked up what I thought was the story of Frankenstein by osmosis. It is now obvious that what I learned didn't come from the book, as the story is totally different from the movie versions. Mary Shelley has written an interesting tale that attacks not only technology, but the misguided belief that man can control such technology.<br />The story has three narrators, so readers get different viewpoints on the story. The first narrator comes across Victor Frankenstein in the arctic as he is tracking down his beastly creation. This narrator is Walton, the captain of a ship and a man on his own dangerous mission. We then get to hear Victor Frankenstein's story. This section details Victor and his education, where he is enraptured by alchemy and natural science. During the course of his studies he figures out how to animate objects, and creates a man that is to become his nightmare and his undoing. The last section is narrated by the creature that Victor has created, and the Creature's attempts to become part of society and learn to educate himself is one of the more interesting parts of the book. The creature is spurned, of course, and decides to take his wrath out on humanity in general, and Victor in particular. It isn't hard to see the theme of the story, which is that man shouldn't attempt to play God. If man is imperfect, the creatures he could create would be even more imperfect. I think the book has a nice message to events today, in that those who advance technology almost never suffer themselves. It is the rest of us that have to adjust our lives to accomodate the Bill Gates' of the world. Bill Gates and a few thousand other people really benefit. In Frankenstein, others do indeed suffer, but so does Victor. No one benefits from this beastly creation. Even the beast suffers in the extreme.<br />This book is indeed well written, although as with most 19th century literature, the prose takes some getting used to. It sure beats the garbage being passed off as literature today. The Penguin version, which is the one I read, is pretty good. It includes appendices that contain extra text, as well as some short horror stories written by Shelley's friends Lord Byron and Polidari. The introduction is pretty good as well, and points out some connections that the book has to other works that were circulating at the same time. Do yourself a favor and read a book like this. you'll increase your I.Q. and feel better about yourself in the process!th century literature, the prose takes some getting used to. It sure beats the garbage being passed off as literature today. The Penguin version, which is the one I read, is pretty good. It includes appendices that contain extra text, as well as some short horror stories written by Shelley's friends Lord Byron and Polidari. The introduction is pretty good as well, and points out some connections that the book has to other works that were circulating at the same time. Do yourself a favor and read a book like this. you'll increase your I.Q. and feel better about yourself in the process!
B00004YKSD|5.0|If there is any thing bad about this movie is that it does not go on forever and ever.The life of Jim Morrison is one story that can never be portrayed in words or pictures but this effort is worth a praise.Though it does not really shows what a good company Jim was but it do keeps you goin through the worst parts of life.If you really wanna see why this man was and still is a mystery,You must watch this movie.
B000001F6A|5.0|Being in my opinion one of the best (and my personal favorite) albums The Moody Blues has ever put out, I was extremely surprised to find that this CD hasn't gotten one review so far.  I'll make this review short, but this album has amazing songs with some very beautiful melodies.  Highly recommended.
B000002U82|5.0|I have listened to a lot of music in my lifetime, and I have to say that &quot;Dark Side of The Moon&quot; is the most genius and amazing album I have ever heard. The music on its own is fantastic, but in order to appreciate the genius of the album it is necessary to  experience The dark side of oz. &quot;What is the dark side of oz?&quot; you ask. Well, despite the fact that the band denies this, it is amazingly obvious when doing the following that Pink Floyd's &quot;Dark Side of The Moon&quot; is precisely syncronized with the 1939 classic &quot;The Wizard of Oz&quot;. All you have to do to expierience this is press play on your cd or turntable at the second roar of the MGM lion. I will not ruin the experience for you by telling you what happens, but you will know that you have done it right when you have. Truly an amazing album and experience.
B00003CX8J|4.0|I rented X-Men on DVD a few weeks ago not really expecting much. Believe it or not, I had not seen any of the previews on TV. I watched it the first time by myself. Then I watched it again with my husband. This is a really good movie. I had expected the over-cartoonishness of the Batman movies, but it wasn't like that. It had its cheesy moments (most movies do), but over all, it looked to me like any other sci-fi movie would. Hugh Jackman was a great Logan/Wolverine. Anna Paquin surprised me as Marie/Rogue. She was better than I expected. Famke Janssen (sp.) was the perfect Jean Grey. My least favorite character was Toad. He was obnoxious and disgusting. But then again, I guess he was supposed to be. :) Most of the cast played their parts very well. There were a few I could see being played by someone else. (The senator, Sabertooth and Mystique.) For those who don't think this is their kind of movie (I did, too), rent it and then decide. You may be surprised. I'm thinking about buying it.
0064471837|5.0|Sabrial was one of the best books I have ever read and beleive me I have read a lot of books.  While I was reading it I couldn't put it down and I read it in only two days!!!  Sabriel is very differnt from other books amd that is what makes it so interesting and if you love fantasy novels with a twist you will love this book!!!
0385472951|5.0|It's the second Grisham's book I read and it seems to me that he is the best. Only a very clever mind can create a character like Patrick Lanigan, who is capable to scape with $ 90 milion and to plan every litle detail concerning the day he would be found, except one. Like &quot;The Testament&quot;, this book is impossible to put down and is a very pleasent reading.
6304286961|2.0|I know Oliver Stone has won 2 Oscars for his screenwriting...but that doesn't alter my opinion that he is one of the worst screenwriters going. This movie confirms that fact as much as anything. Norman Mailer in VANITY FAIR called this &quot;one of the all-time bad movies.&quot; And Val Kilmer carries himself like a handsome guy, but his face actually isn't that handsome. Jim Morrison was a really handsome guy. They needed someone with Morrison's looks and charisma to play the lead. Kilmer does have the mannerisms and voice down, but it's not enough. I didn't give it one star, only because the music is so great to listen to.
B00003CXIP|5.0|&quot;Chopper, sick balls!&quot;<br />I love this movie! It is, has been, and will always be my favorite. It posesses the perfect balances of humour and tears. I read in a previous review that someone was disappointed by it on account of the foul language used. First of all, it must be taken into consideration that that is the way they would have talked anyway and any alteration in that respect on the part of the director would have made the film inaccurate. Secondly, the same reviewer mentioned that this was a children's movie. I have to disagree. It may be about children, but I certainly don't think that they were the intended audience. River Phoenix does a phonomenal job in this film and it is a must see!!
B000002I2I|3.0|It seems to me that the Doors were burnt-out at the time they recorded this music; they turned to blues and just free-jamming with little originality. The music is not as good as the previous albums (CD's) and certainly not up to par with their last, &quot;L.A. Woman&quot;. There are a few good songs, such as Waiting for the Sun and Roadhouse Blues; the rest are just not the usual Doors. Not really impressive.
B00000JMQC|5.0|I don't claim to be an OZ expert.  I haven't read all the books, I did read the Wizard of OZ when I was younger.  I first saw this movie when I was 7 years old, so obviously I didn't understand it very well, I recently began thinking about it, and decided to purchase it.  I wasn't disappointed.  If you like movies involving the collapse of Empires or cities in ruins and goverments conquered, you'll love this movie.  I like it because Dorothy returns to find everything she loved destroyed, and somehow overcomes tremendous odds to thwart the enemy and save the day.  I have read several other reviews on this site, and understand that this movie is almost nothing like the book, or at least there are several differences.  In my mind, that doesn't mean that it isn't a good movie.  For Fairuza Balk's first film, I think she did an excellent job, and has continued to do just that in a number of movies since.
0385484518|5.0|Who are any of you to judge the last precious words of a dying man? Maybe Morrie is not the Dalai Llama, but he faced death with dignity, and he showed others that they could, too. You think there is nothing special about a dying man telling others to love their relationships more than their possessions? Perhaps that is a truth we should all have reached on our own. But, in this day and age, society the way it is, how many of us actually apply that practice in our daily lives? Sometimes people just need to hear it and be reminded of it. Morrie was that conduit for many of us, while others will provide simple, forgotten enlightenments to those of you whom Morrie didn't touch. Does it really matter how or why or when any of us are gently reminded of the important things in life, or simply that we are reminded from time to time? Is it neccessary for any of you to judge a man who only wanted to live out his dying moments actively applying simple priciples in his life? Countless people have slipped into death full of fear, anger, lonliness, resentment, and regret. Morrie did not, and for that I applaud him and learn from him. <br />So Albom is no literary genius. This book will never be in the same genre as those written by Homer, Joyce, Faulkner, or Shakespeare. But that's not the point. That's not the intention. I believe this book was simply meant to be a feel-good read. Simple and touching, it provides us with a wondeful reprieve from the daily rat race that is life. I'm ever so grateful for it's creation. For the moments it gave me to ponder on some beautiful gems of life. For the assurance it gave me that there exists truly good, moral, people full of faith. Because I need to remember that when I feel bad, selfish, or faithless. Then I can snap out of it and focus on the important things in life. <br />I'm not the least bit apologetic for sounding cliched right now, if any of you think I do. I don't care. I loved this book and what thoughts and emotions it provokedin me. If it didn't do the same for you, must you be such harsh, judgemental critics? Can you simply not realize that this was not a book for you, and forget about it?
B000001Y5J|5.0|Trent Reznor's NIN pulls no punches with Broken. Anger, rage, lust, and pain, all available at the push of a button. Not on quite the same wavelength as NIN's other offerings, their sophmore CD is chock full of powerful emotions.<br />Created with the industrial sound that made NIN one of the leaders in the genre, Broken is a great escape when you need to burn off a little emotion. Packing in powerful hits and intentional distortion add to the greatness. Wish, last, and gave up are the most powerful hitting tracks. Physical is a little more based in hard rock, keeping it in-line with Adam Ant's original.<br />The two hidden tracks (Physical &amp; Suck) make the deal a little sweater for those who weren't in the know, and expected a six track disk. No track here is a loser. Broken is the kind of disc I can listen to a bunch of times, without ever having to skip over a track.<br />The only catch here is that your CD player needs to go through 91 tracks to get to the bonus. Kind of a bummer unless you program it. This is a small price to pay for some of NIN's greatest work. IMHO
6302989787|5.0|This is a great movie on several levels:  It's a police procedural, a good and informed look at how the Secret Service does an impossible job.  It's full of suspense and action and it is full of memorable characters.  John Malkovich's performance is simply outstanding.  Sort of an American 'Day of the Jackal'.  Eastwood at his peak again.
B000002VCU|5.0|This is the best Alan Parson album available. I have most of the others which unfortunately have not aged well. This one continues to be a favourite. It is a concept album base around gambling featuring a number of artists. The best track is the title track which is 16:21 long and slowly evolves into a classic.
6305558167|5.0|I always love to watch english style movies particularly that involves knight fighting and magic. Excalibur offers the best for this two world. The story is remarkable and the flow of the movie was very well in place that make this movie very exciting to watch. Everyone knows about King Arthur through story telling and legend. Although the end is predictable but the film has created suspense and unpredictable outcome. <br />Although most of the actors are not very popular but they acted well and liven the story. I watch Excalibur when I was in teen and have it copied on VHS.And since then I nearly watch them every week. I am glad to have the DVD copy and it has excellent picture and sound quality (although at some scene the sound is not that clear).  <br />I am not a good reviewer but I would like to say that this movie is worth having and I'm glad that I own one.
B0000062FN|5.0|The first 3 Santana albums are magical. This album has the added dimension of a 2nd good guitarist, Neal Schon who shines alongside Carlos. Check out Abraxas and Santana (1) as the other truly great albums. Great latin Rock (and some blues orgins).
B00004XOWM|5.0|THIS CD ROCKS EVERY SONG IS GREAT THE BEAT ARE:ROLLIN (URBAN ASSULT)ROLLIN (AIR RAID),HOT DOG,FULL NELSON,MY WAY,MY GENERATION,MI2 THEME SONG,AND MY FAVORITE-GETCHA GROVE ON FEATURING XZIBIT
B00002MZ12|5.0|Alanis' MTV Unplugged marks her clearly with the great female rock legends of all time such as Marian Faithful and Janice Joplin. Every song on this album is choice- 'No Pressure Over Cappucino' 'Joining You' 'I was hoping' 'Princess Familiar' and of course 'Uninvited' being but some of the remarkable works of performance art on this CD. The lyrics are all without exception thought-provoking and ground-breaking. The music rocks. And I have never heard a female voice anywhere near the caliber of Alanis. She is the Queen. Period. No discussion. The female Elvis or Sinatra. Rock on forever, Alanis!
B000002HH2|5.0|Post is the most significant, innovative recording since Sergeant Pepper or Miles Davis's Kind of Blue, adding a whole new dimension to popular music. Its influence is already being felt. From the first notes of &quot;Army of Me&quot; you know you're being transported into another universe. Each song is such a musical discovery that you'll want to throw out every other CD in your collection, as they will sound irrelevant.<br />There is so much to recommend this recording: great compositions, great words, astounding vocals, mind-boggling instrumental work.<br />If you don't have Post, you're depriving yourself.
6305750750|1.0|As if the travesty of the special editions in 1997- the Jabba scene, Greedo firing first, the crappy new song and dance number in Jedi and changing the Ewok song at the end- wasn't enough, Lucas(who supposedly spent over 4 years working on the Episode I script) gives us this basically bland update of the original Star Wars film and in the process completely and irrevocably turns the Star Wars Universe on its proverbial ear. <br />Originally these characters were all supposed to be older- Anakin as a teenager, Obi-Wan already a Jedi Knight- but Lucas decided to make them younger and thereby created a dilemma. Obi-Wan was too young to be a Jedi Master so he had to be a disciple. Instead of having Yoda as his master(Anyone remember in the original films where Obi-Wan EXPLICITLY says that Yoda was his master?) we are introduced to a character- Qui-Gon Jinn- whom we've never heard of before. <br />Did Lucas even go back and watch the original trilogy for reference? It doesn't look like it. Especially when you throw in the mitichlorian nonsense. Yoda must indeed have been too old when he was training Luke in Empire Strikes Back because he never mentions these little &quot;creatures&quot; when he tells Luke all about the Force and how it works. You would think that this little &quot;detail&quot; would be important enough for Luke to know. <br />It may come as a shock to some of you, but not only did Lucas not direct Empire but he did not even write the screenplay. That was courtesy of Lawrence Kasdan and Leigh Brackett. After seeing The Phantom Menace, I am convinced that Lucas never even saw Empire. The Force cannot be two different things. It is either some mystical energy field that binds all living things(and exists in the space between everything) together and can be tapped into through faith and belief OR it is a power that can only be tapped into by communicating with little creatures living inside a person. It can't be both. And since Yoda's teachings in Empire came first then I consider the mitichlorian explanation an abomination.<br />That said, Lucas also tries too hard to connect this new film to the old ones. Anakin happened to live on Tatooine,(The planet furthest from the bright center of the universe) too? How coincidental is that? Anakin made C-3PO? How is it that Vader doesn't remember him in Empire or that 3PO doesn't make some kind of connection between Luke and Anakin? They have the same last name and Luke was on Tatooine- same as Anakin.(Here's something that's always bothered me. Why didn't they change Luke's last name if they were trying to hid him from Vader. They did it with Leia. Yet Luke keeps the last name AND lives on the planet his father grew up on. Not too bright.) Also, why doesn't Obi-Wan remember R2D2 in Star Wars. He may be older, but he still had a healthy memory. Too many little nagging questions like this ruined my first viewing of the film.<br />What it boils down to is that Lucas never had any idea what Episode I was going to be about until he actually sat down and started writing it. This means that he just made up the mitichlorians and all the convenient connections to the original trilogy. It's really a shame because with a really good writer, this film could have been awesome- instead of being a travesty.<br />I will admit, there were some nice moments in this film. However, most of them revolved around the throwaway character, Darth Maul. The underwater Gungan city was awe-inspiring and I loved the the grand architecture of Theed, but looks and visuals do not make a film great(to paraphrase Yoda) This movie had no soul and Jar Jar Binks only made matters worse. Mesa thinkin this film bombad.<br />You are better off watching the original films- especially Empire. However- and this is Lucas' final great insult to all the fans of the original films- you may not be able to buy them anymore. In November 2000, Lucas rereleased the Star Wars Trilogy: Special Edition as The Star Wars Trilogy. This means that he now considers the special editions as the originals and will no longer release the original films on any home video format. So don't be too eager to get these films on DVD because you will only get Lucas' horribly revised abominations from 1997. Hold on to your Original Trilogy VHS sets and Laserdisc sets and take very good care of them 'cause you won't be able to replace them.<br />As for the Phantom Menace, don't expect too much when you see it and you won't be disappointed. It may be better if you have never seen the originals or if you are still a young kid. I know my nephew loved the film and he was only 8 when he saw it.(The same age I was when Star Wars came out in 1977)
B00004Y6TQ|2.0|Bj&ouml;rk is the freshest, most inventive, significant and exciting artist to come along in popular music since the 1960s. Each album, from Gling Glo onwards, is more more creative, ground-breaking and delightful than the previous one. Even her remix album, Telegram, is striking for the originality of the alternate versions of her songs. Well, no one can keep it up forever. Maybe this is a good soundtrack, but as an album in its own right, it's a tired rehash of old musical themes. None of her usual artful teasing, sensual playing with noise and vocal tones. It's formula Bj&ouml;rk, if such a thing is possible.<br />If you're shopping for Bj&ouml;rk CDs, start with Post, Debut and Homogenic (in that order). Get this one only if you, like me, get so hooked that you have to buy everything, regardless of merit.
B000002BFZ|5.0|If you have ever compared the musical progreesion of Pearl Jam's albums to that of The Beatles' albums, you will find that they are very similar. No Code is definitely Pearl Jam's equivalent of Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band. I do admit that it is different and much more experimental then Pearl Jam's other albums, but how is that a bad thing? The fact that Pearl Jam has continued to change and progress is the reason why their six albums are incredible and different. No Code, as just about all of Pearl Jam's albums, is brilliant. All 13 songs are really incredible. No Code is possibly Pearl Jam's most impressive and brilliant album to date.<br />If you are interested, this is my opinion of which Pearl Jam's albums equal the Beatles' Albums. Ten is With The Beatles. Vs. is Rubber Soul. Vitalogy is Revolver. No Code is Sgt. Pepper's. Yield is the White Album. Binaural is Abbey Road.
0441008356|4.0|Alistair Reynolds' sf-debut is first and foremost a fresh instance of the space opera genre. Space, time and species galore, in other words, and enjoyably so. Secondly the novel can be categorised as hard science fiction; Reynolds manages to ground his fantasies in believable science.<br />The story soars over space and time, telling us about scientist Dan Sylveste's obsessive interest in the ancient race of the Amarantin. Almost a million years ago a stellar event whiped them out of existence, and Sylveste is rather destined to find out why. His central storyline is interwoven with the exotic crew of the giant spaceship Infinity, ex-soldier Ana Kouri and some cloudy puppeteering forces that remain largely unseen. <br />Revelation Space is a debut, and a promising one at that. There are flaws, though. I feel that the story could have been told in almost half of the pages it takes Reynolds to do so. Furthermore the sheer scope of the plot makes it hard to keep all lines in the head.<br />But these are minor flaws. Revelation Space might not be a pageturner, but it does offer a gripping plot that keeps on satisfying a curious mind. Do not be surprised. Revelation Space ain't over till the space lady sings.
B00002Z88D|3.0|This album has some pretty decent material and it's great that Metallica have orchestrated many of their classic songs. However, to call this album a unique blend of classical and heavy metal music is to ignore the great bands in this crossover genre that have existed throughout rock history. Classical-metal has been done before by many bands in the '70s and '80s, including Deep Purple and early Queensryche (who also feature Michael Kamen as the conductor on two of their releases).<br />Today, there are many bands who execute the classical-metal crossover far better than Metallica. One band that comes to mind is Therion. All three of their latest releases (&quot;Theli&quot;, &quot;Vovin&quot;, and &quot;Deggial&quot;) are classical-metal masterpieces that feature both metal and choir lead vocals and an integrated orchestra, guitar, and drum arrangement from the beginning. Therion's music can best be described as &quot;dark romantic opera metal&quot;. If you want to get started listening to classical-metal the way it was intended, I highly recommend any recent Therion release over this album.
B000002H6C|5.0|This is Lars Ulrich's finest performance on record.  Every track incorporates his monstrous double bass perfectly.  Dyers Eve is a great example of this.  I don't know too many people that can play that classic machine gun 16th note pattern on the kick drums at 190 bpm.  I try and my legs cramp up.  A must have album for any serious double kick player.
B0000029DD|5.0|My ego wants to block out the spirit.  This music crushes my ego to shreds and allows the sunlight of the spirit to shine in.  Don't listen unless you want to humbled and touched by a power that has greater things in store for us all.
6304039506|3.0|Watching this l950 movie was a truamatic experience for me, the three times that I've viewed it. For anyone who fell in love with the enchanting, charismatic, beautiful Vivien Leigh in &quot;Gone With the Wind&quot;, this is a real shocker, as she portrays the fragile, tragic Blanche DuBois. Leigh's Scarlett was so courageous, fearless and gutsy. In Blanche, it's like watching Melanie without her steely backbone and elegant courage. Several Leigh biographers describe how Leigh casually underwent shock treatments throughout the filming of &quot;Streetcar,&quot; because her emotional state had deteriorated to an alarming degree. In a somewhat sadistic touch, Director Elia Kazan had the identical male actor who portrayed Melanie's son in &quot;Gone With the Wind&quot; (you can see him briefly in the playroom scene where Rhett puts Bonnie Butler in his lap and tells her they're going to London)play the military man who helps Vivien from the Streetcar at the very beginning. Despite the watered down ............ element that was played on Broadway, Streetcar is a mesmerizing experience--but if you're a Vivien Leigh worshipper like myself, then watching this 50-year-old movie a depressing experience.
B000002MM8|2.0|As usual, DCD's unique style is heard throughout &quot;Into the Labrynth&quot;, but on the whole, this one drones and moans more than usual and gets a bit monotanous. Brendan Perry's voice CAN get iritating after a while,( The guy seriously needs a Prozac regimine ) and &quot;How Fortunate the Man With None&quot; really tests the endurance of how long an individual can listen to sick beasts begging for merciful euthenasia.&quot;The Carnival Is Over&quot; is a bit sweeter but...   Sadly, the standout track for me was &quot;Emmeleia&quot;, a far-too-brief but intrigueing  duet from Perry and Gerrard. (To my recollection the ONLY piece where the two of them are heard simultaneously on the entire production. ) Not the best from the &quot;Dead&quot;.
B00005A3KS|4.0|If you like excitement and action this movie is for you!  If you enjoy the FBI (robbery division) you will enjoy the suspense of following a adrenaline rush of unlimited stunts.  Not only is this movie entertaining, but it is also just plain old fashion fun. I can finally say that someone actually gave it some thought when it came to disquises.
B000001ABD|5.0|Song Review is like an expanded edition of his Original Musaquarium greatest hits collection.  This album has every big hit he's had in the last thirty years and it is just a top notch collection of songs.  Everytime you hear &quot;Living For The City&quot;, &quot;I Wish&quot;, &quot;Sir Duke&quot;, &quot;Superstition&quot;, &quot;Part Time Lover&quot;, &quot;Master Blaster (Jammin')&quot; and the rest, you are reminded of his musical genius.
0385335482|5.0|This is one of the most hysterical books I have read in the last few months!! The thoroughably likeable main character, Becky, soothes all of her problems and boredom with shopping. Soon enough, it becomes an addiction as she cannot get through one day without burning a hole in her wallet.  Just her descriptions of clothing and other items are almost sensual.<br />I know all of us can relate to many of her thoughts and actions such as rationalizing unnecessary purchases and putting bills out of sight/out of mind. Her attempts to make money are even funnier. Even when she hits bottom, you still cheer her on! &quot;Confessions..&quot; is one purchase I recommend!
B000001A9P|5.0|Natural Wonder is Stevie Wonder's first live album since his 1963 debut release 12 Year Old Genius.  Thirty plus years after the fact, the title genius still applies.  The concert shows off everything that makes Mr. Wonder a national treasure, amazing voice, great instrumentalist and supreme songwriting.  The album contains all the big hits including great versions of &quot;Living For The City&quot;, &quot;Superstition&quot;, &quot;Higher Ground&quot;, &quot;My Cherie Amour&quot;, &quot;I Wish&quot;, and &quot;Master Blaster (Jammin')&quot;.  He also serves up lesser known songs like &quot;Pastime Paradise&quot; (The song Coolio samples for &quot;Gangsta Paradise&quot;), &quot;Village Ghetto Land&quot;, &quot;Another Star&quot;, &quot;Stay Gold&quot; (Theme from The Outsiders) &amp; &quot;Overjoyed&quot;.  He does a nice tribute to the late Stevie Ray Vaughan in &quot;Stevie Ray Blues&quot; and some new songs like &quot;If It's Magic&quot; and &quot;Ms. &amp; Mr. Little Ones&quot; are pretty good.
B000002BFL|5.0|It's 5 years since this album was released and with each passing year it has become more evident that this album is, genuinely, a work of (unhyped) staggering genius.  It's musically and lyrically sublime and is conceived and performed with love. Not sentimental love but the revolutionary love that inspired people like Che Guevara and Frantz Fanon. It bravely examines what is worst about humanity from the heart of what is best about humanity. It's not a just a superb work of art in its own right. It reaches back to John Steinbeck and Woody Guthrie and, via, the excellent Rage Against the Machine version of the title track, into the future. The Ghost of Tom Joad is an important avatar of a longstanding and still vital tradition of American radicalism.  The album is also a comment on Springsteen's own work. Many of the lyrics here refer back to his earlier work. For example here he sings that: &quot;The highway is alive tonight but nobody's kidding nobody about where its going.&quot; This time around the highway isn't alive with the fast cars and big dreams of the  young. It's alive with drifters and migrants - people who make a life outside and under the system.   The album does have one flaw though. The last song ' My Best Was Never Good Enough' is a sarcastic attack on the reactionary feel-good inanity of Forest Gump. No doubt the film needed to be dissed but this song doesn't have any of the timeless, transcendent beauty of tracks like Young's Town, Dry Lightening or Across the Border. With the bennefit of hindsight its clear that Springsteen would have done much better to have ended the album with a song like Brothers Under the Bridge from Tracks or even the bluesy accoustic version of Born in the USA from the Missing single. After all, people will be listening to this album, with awed reverence, years after Forest Gump has been forgotten. And its not just the ephemeral theme of the song that is flawed. It's also the way that it has been approached. The other tracks all find the universal in a close examination of the particular but this track never get beyond the particular. It feels like an off the cuff response rather than a carefully crafted work of art. But, as with the conscious flaw in a Persion carpet, this last track does bring some endearing fallibility to the album. The fact that even Springsteen can get it wrong sometimes just makes us feel more awe for the enormous achievment that is the rest  of the album.  Many of the bravest and most beautiful people have discovered and now cherish the The Ghost of Tom Joad. A particularly wonderful woman once told me that she finds the album so powerful that the only way for her to listen to it is turn off all the lights and to lie down and give it her complete attention. Anything else would feel like blasphemy. I know what she means.  There's a world of great music out there. From Ali Farka Toure to the Asian Dub Foundation, Groove Rider and Billy Bragg and Wilco and so on and so on. But there's nothing 'so on' about the Ghost of Tom Joad. It's a unique and inspiring album that should be in every CD collection. There's nothing else like it. Buy it now. It'll become part of your being.
B000003BF4|5.0|If I may paraphrase rock critic Dave Marsh, &quot;this album was recorded on a night that the Rolling Stones just might have been the World's Greatest Rock N' Roll Band&quot;!This is my favorite period (late 60's- early 70's) from the Stone's long and storied career. The music is loud, agressive and grungy.Highlights include an excellent Sympathy For the Devil, and a bombastic version of the classic,Midnight Rambler.My favorite moment of this CD belongs not to the Stones, but to a girl in the audience who yells out &quot;paint it,... paint it black you devils&quot;!
B000002G7G|5.0|This is my all-time favorite VU album. &quot;What Goes On&quot; is one of the best, most underrated pure jamming rock songs ever recorded.<br />The album has a mellow intensity. What I think of as the triad of &quot;Jesus&quot;, &quot;I'm Beginning to See the Light&quot;, and &quot;I'm Set Free&quot; is spiritually uplifting without being silly or sappy or corny.<br />Most importantly, this album is what the Velvet Underground was all about. Just imagine one year purchasing the dissonant noise of White Light/White Heat, then putting on this album. They were always one step ahead of their audience, a group measured in thousands, not millions. While their counterparts were dropping acid, picking up sitars and following charlatan prophets, VU was pushing the boundaries of rock and roll, blowing minds with screeching machine sounds and screaming violins, and melding avante garde classical with Brill Building pop to produce unforgettable &quot;classic&quot; songs about S&amp;M, Heroin, transvestites (Candy Says, on this album) and Jesus.<br />But then again, they were from the Lower East Side of Manhattan, not West Hollywood or Marin County. Things looked different from down there.
B00004VWAF|4.0|'On the Corner' is worth the buy solely for the title cut - a 19 minute track that drops you right into the middle of an unrelenting funkified jam - it's mesmerizing.  Also, if the sound of Miles' trumpet played with a wah-wah pedal and through an echoplex intrigues you - as no doubt it will - this is the place to start.  This is a good 4-star record.  Definitely should be part of a Miles collection.
B000000WJZ|5.0|It is hard to believe the Smashing Pumpkins of today are the same band who made Siamese Dream.  What an awesome rock cd!  This is one of the greatest rock cds of all time.  I put it right up there with Nevermind and Zeppelin IV. I am listening to it as I write this review and it is incredible the power it has as it is now almost 8 years old.  It has a unique mixture of beauty and power that is truly rare.  Like all great rock cds it has its thrashers and it has its balads.  Billy Corgan was a rocker then and his vocals are so fitting.  Jimmy Chamberlain's drums are incredible throughout.  If you do not own it, BUY IT!  You will not be disappointed. Rock is not what it was in the early 90s when bands like Nirvana, Pearl Jam, Soundgarden, Stone Temple Pilots were getting cranked up.  Siamese Dream was also from that era and it will remind you how great rock can be.  Rock is overdue for another uprising - Creed, Fuel, etc...  Perhaps the Pumpkins will get in on it and produce another gem for us.
0451191153|5.0|The concepts and ideas contained in this novel were very compelling to say the least!  I thoroughly enjoyed the style of writing and the level of explicit character development present.  Rand's realization of each important character (a unique manifestation of some abstract ideal) was brilliant.  The book is extremely well written and thought provoking.  If you despise compromise this book will reach you with certain intensity.  <br />If allowed one criticism it would be Rand's overuse of some obsolete slang (e.g. bromide).
B000056VIY|2.0|Love Don't Cost A Thing is the first song and the strongest song on the entire album. I find this album underproduced and way too poppy. Instead of going for her own sound, Jennifer decided to just go with the trend. I love &quot;Love Don't Cost A Thing&quot; but it is no near as strong as any of the singles off On the 6. On The 6 seemed better produced and better put together. The album seemed much more professional, and had better songs. The music sounds like much more effort was put into On the 6, then onto J. Lo. J Lo sounds like it was put together in 1 or 2 months...I think Jen should have spent more time working on it, and should have recorded better quality songs. I suggest that you buy the single of Love Don't Cost A Thing, and don't buy this album. Stick with the first one, and if you already own it, you'll be disapointed by this. I was expecting more.
B000002LFZ|4.0|This album truly is the way to be introduced to Fleetwood Mac's studio recordings (&quot;The Dance&quot; also makes for a good intro to the group).  But, as a lot of the other reviews will tell you, THIS IS NOT A &quot;BEST OF&quot; compilation by any means.  In order for that to be the case, &quot;Gold Dust Woman&quot;, &quot;Songbird&quot;, &quot;The Chain&quot;, &quot;Landslide&quot; and others would have to be included.  The album is also a little light on Lindsey Buckingham for my tastes (only 3 of his songs!) and the two new tracks simply don't compare to the classics.  The other 14 tracks are a testament to the majesty of the Mac and their greatness cannot be denied.  The liner notes are also very interesting as they give one a backstage look at a 1988 Mac concert.  I imagine the songs as the notes describe the set list and I hear such beauty...
B00004XQ83|5.0|I live fifty miles away from the Big Rock Candy Mountain; you know they have mineral-spring-water there that is full of all the micro-nutrients you could ever want. It would be a healthy drink for a Hobo. It is beautiful country there. I know the sheriff in that area and he doesn't have a wooden leg . . . at least I hope he doesn't.<br />The other day, I saw the prison van taking some inmates out to do community service . . . a far cry from the chain-gangs of not too long ago. But the day I saw the van, it was cold, foggy, and miserable. I would have hated to be in their shoes.<br />When I was 2 years old, my father died. They forgot me and left me home when they went to his viewing. When they came back they asked me if I was okay. I told them that I was because my Daddy was with me.<br />&quot;You are my sunshine&quot;, reminds me of my Mother.<br />Do you get what I'm saying here? This soundtrack has life . . . your life, my life, everyones life. It speaks true to the heart and I haven't even seen the movie yet. The music tells us we are all brother's and sisters no matter what your station is in life.
0140503846|5.0|This is a very sweet book with the right amount of repetition for our 17 month old boys - they bring me this book along with Each Peach Pear Plum (another Ahlberg creation) to read to them....over and over and over.
B000002H2H|5.0|One year after the release of &quot;Kill em All&quot; metallica released their second album titled &quot;Ride the Lightning&quot;. I have to say that this is probably my personal favorite metallica album, It just has so much going for it. The guitars are just as Heavy as &quot;Kill em All&quot; and the lyrics are very morbid and dark, almost every song deals with death in some form or another. It also seems to be a little more melodic than &quot;Kill em All'. The highlights of the album include the The very heavy Creeping Death and of course the suicide ballad Fade to Black which gets my vote for &quot;The best Guitar solo of all time&quot;. So if you are a metallica junkie or a new fan, Get this album because their is something here for everyone who enjoy's good metal
B000051VWW|5.0|Lovers Rock will stir your emotions in surprisingly unexpected ways..thus proving once again that  Sade is a musical sorceress whose warm silken voice and somberly inspired lyrics will transport you to the sensual, bittersweet depths of unrequited love, daring you to shed tears and smile at the same time. &quot;Somebody Already Broke My Heart&quot; is a moody ponderous ode to  lost love and hope... walking hand in hand. I can't imagine anyone not being able to relate to this song in some way. Sade has the uncanny ability to elevate your pulse and lift your spirits without overwhelming your senses..she evokes warm, dusky, sandalwood  scented breezes that will caress your spirit  and soothe your soul...but not without the inevitable touch of melancholia that eventually graces us all. &quot;All About Our Love&quot; exemplifies this ambiance perfectly as does &quot;Immigrant&quot; which will break your heart in the most sublime of manners. Sade is in perfect synch with her musicians..just the right  gentle inclusion of acoustic and electric guitar blended with brooding percussion,somber bass and fluid orchesteral accompinament all rounded out with velvet piano that embraces Sades' haunting sensual vocals to produce the rich, transcendant music that comprise this splendid CD. There are certain tracks on this CD that will adhere to your consciousness like mental starlight, prompting you to replay them again and again. &quot;Flow&quot; does that for me. I suspect it may for you as well. Doubtful there is one person alive who does'nt already have &quot;The King of Sorrow&quot; written somewhere in thier heart. This CD has something for everyone and will be a welcome addition to anyones music collection.<br />Light some candles and incense and let this potent mysterious &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; work its magic upon you and someone close. If you REALLY love them..express it  by sharing this enchanting music with them. It really is &quot;The Sweetest Gift&quot;.You'll thank Sadethe morning after. ::smiles::
B000001ESN|5.0|Rush is absolutely by far the most sophisticated band ever to play music that never gets old. I have been a fan since 80' and I still get chills when I listen to there music. There are songs that make me just shake my head when I here today. I sometimes understand where Neil was coming from two decades later. I mean I get a better understanding cause I have either gone through or seen others go through, what Mr Peart was writing about. I am 33 years old now and when I was younger the music was pretty complex to comprehend what he was saying. But now it all makes sense better then before. I love these guys like no other band. I thank you Rush for existing all these years......
0385335482|5.0|This is Girl Power at it's best.  I thoroughly enjoyed this and got through it in 2 or 3 days, it was un-put-downable!  We've all been in similar situations to our fearless heroine and we've all just bought that little extra thing even though we know we shouldn't.  Rebecca's letters from the banks/creditors are hysterical and she has said things we've all thought of saying to the bank manager when times are hard.  And she's a financial analyst by trade, which makes it all the funnier.  She should know better! But for Rebecca, an interesting lead on a big financial story puts her back on track and makes her think about her own situation.  Even though we never see her finances back on an even keel, we are shown that there is a way out of it all at the end if you confront your fears. The characters are believable and well-rounded, and being the same age as Rebecca, I can identify with her very well. Sure, this book is light and fluffy, but if that's what you're looking for, then this is perfect.
6304711905|5.0|I see Tombstone about once a month.  It always happens like this... Wyatt Earp is on T.V. my husband and I start to watch it and by the time Doc Holliday comes on the screen we are talking about how much better we like Val Kilmer as Doc.  So we watch the rest of Wyatt Earp, talking the whole time about how Kevin Costner feels compelled to make these 3 hour life histories of Western men...How Val Kilmer is a hottie in everything he does...And how its weird how many people have TB in modern times.  So as soon as Wyatt Erp is over we plug into Tombstone and stay up to all hours of the night to see the best story of The Earp's and Doc.  No this is not real history, but if you wanted that then you should turn off the T.V. and read a historical account of the boys.  There are some weird moments in Tombstone, Lowell from those sitcoms as a cowboy??? Come on! that is really stretching it!  Still all in all it is a great film.
B0000560X0|5.0|This is an awesome concert performance - don't listen to some of the negative reviews!  While George starts the concert with three vocal performances in front of the BBC Big Band, which may initially disappoint some viewers (like me) who crave his guitar playing, he soon dons the guitar in front of an electric band that includes Joe Sample.  His versions of &quot;This Masquerade&quot; and &quot;Breezin&quot; are particularly powerful.  I'm afraid I can't agree with some of the other reviewers that criticize his &quot;diminished&quot; vocal range - George's voice appears to me to be just as strong and expressive as it did when I saw him live in the 1970's.  We jazz guitar lovers are very lucky - three of the five arguably best guitar players of all time (George, Pat Metheny and Lee Ritenour) are currently active and thanks to video and DVD, performances such as these can be kept forever.
B00000253N|1.0|There are many times when this album makes me feel a little guilty. It's indescribable, especially if you like to think in terms of, let's say, what's Dylan's best album. Then I think Blood On The Tracks and I have to shake myself to say that this is not the best Dylan album. It's too mature, the sound is too individual, there's just something about it...<br />Mainly a romantic work, Dylan has, by this stage, strayed from protest and ventured into acceptance. By the sound on Blood On The Tracks, Dylan seemed to be conscious of what he had become (how strange was it when I saw him presenting something on the Grammies last year? Answer: very strange).<br />All ten songs are brilliant, but here are the ones I've picked out. You're A Big Girl Now has that deep nasal quality to it, seeming to be filled with regret, 'I know where I can find you, in somebody's room, it's a price I'll have to pay you're a big girl all the way'. Idiot Wind starts with Dylan and the media, 'someone's got it in for me, they're planting stories in the press'. Then it goes into an explanation of how this 'idiot wind' had ruined the relationship with his wife, 'it was gravity which pulled us down and destiny which broke us apart, you tamed the lion in my cage but it just wasn't enough to change my heart' and, finally 'idiot wind, blowing through the dust upon our shelves, we are idiots babe it's a wonder we can even feed ourselves'. Dylan's passionate voice and heartbreaking lyrics make Idiot Wind one of the most individual of songs you're likely to hear. Buckets Of Rain is so simple, leaving a haunting feeling about the whole album, 'I like the smile on your fingertips, I like the way that you move your hips, I like the cool way you look at me, everything about you is bringing me misery'.<br />Blood On The Tracks is so close to reality yet so far away. It's so much more polished in sound, and yet so much more personal. Works in opposites.
0375408282|1.0|Once again, Oprah has chosen a book and turned it into an immediate bestseller.  Even acknowledging that every reader must bring his or her own body of information to understanding a particular work, I found THE READER to be totally predictable.<br />This obviously autobiographical novel is set in the Germany immediately following World War II.  It concerns the fortuitous love affair between an adolescent boy and a mature woman.  <br />There's plenty of foreshadowing, so the reader instantly realizes that this woman harbors shameful secrets.  Considering the moment in time, it is easy to guess at what those secrets may be.<br />It is a telling comment on the attitudes of the Nazis that the secret that a modern person, of any non-German background, will find so horribly appalling is not the same fact which so shames the woman.  Instead, there is another secret which she would choose death over revealing.<br />I found nothing surprising in any aspect of the tale.  Since I read it in English, having been translated from the German, I am not able to say whether the quality of the writing of the original was superior.  The translation certainly was acceptable.
B00004XONN|2.0|Don't get me wrong. Radiohead is a wonderful band, and they are actually one of my favorites...until now. I still like them, but I feel like they pulled one over on me. This album is pure crap. Don't listen to people telling you that it is so wonderful blah, blah, blah!!! Do they actually listen to this, and think this. No! They just don't want to admit that they are brainwashed by Radiohead, their marketing dept, and all of the other half-wit reporters that told us that this album was a landmark. I bought this the day it came out, and I was severely disappointed when I listened to it, except for &quot;Everything In Its Right Place&quot;, &quot;How To Disappear Completely&quot;, and &quot;Optimistic.&quot; Is it not also strange how they had not released any new material in over 3 years, and then they are releasing two within a years period? I am sure the next album will be much better. You know how strange Radiohead is, and I figured they wanted to see how brainless people are. I admit that I bought it, but I know rubbish when I hear it. If Rolling Stone mag told you that their was a new pile of poop that smelled great, and your favorite band told you it was great, and then there was all this advertising telling you how great this poop smells, would you buy into it? The sad thing is that some people would. Peace!
B000002UAO|5.0|with tracks like 'Think For Yourself'; 'Nowhere Man'; 'If I Needed Someone'; 'Drive My Car', Rubber Soul' is as good as Revolver. Even a song that Lennon hated, 'Run For Your Life' is exciting. 'What Goes On ' is a filler song, but listenable, with mournful vocals by Ringo. 'Wait' has atmosphere and tempo changes. I don't care much for 'Girl', but it is a well-made song. This is the first recording where Harrison was as good as Lennon- McCartney.   If, say, you only wanted two Beatle recordings, get 'Rubber Soul' and 'Revolver'
B00004T0P1|5.0|The score to Dinosaur is not your typical Disney animated fare. Except for perhaps Elmer Bernstein's Black Cauldron, and Jerry Goldsmith's Mulan, no Disney animation has had such a full and rich score worthy of the greatest live action movies. Ever since 1998, animated films have come out with massive full orchestral scores that were never attempted before. And Dinosaur is possibly the best of them all so far <br /> There are so many great tracks on Dinosaur, I don't know where to begin. Right off the bat it starts off with a very pretty choir on top of gorgeuos harp and string work in 'Inner Sacntum - The Nesting Grounds'. Then the next track, 'The Egg Travels' eventually turns into a wonderful lush string piece, and finnally the first statement of the bold and bombastic main theme. This theme is heard all over the place, including in 'Raptors - Stand Together', 'Breakout', and 'Epilogue' (which also has that lush string theme). 'Raptors - Stand Together' as well as 'Across the Desert' also have my favortie theme, and even more bold brass theme. The third big theme, an African sounding thing, is heard in 'The Courtship' as well as 'It Comes With a Pool'<br /> In fact, the score to Dinosaur relys alot on African rhythms and chants. The same voices that did the chants in The Lion King are back, heard extensively in 'The Courship', 'Across the Desert', and 'It Comes With a Pool'. Beyond all this, there is wonderful slow lush melodic material heard in 'Aladar and Neera' as well as 'Neera Rescues the Orphans'.<br /> Overall, I can't say enough how good this music is. I highly recommend this to anyone, and it's great to see Disney finally releasing a soundtrack that not only has no songs, but most of the score on it. Hopefully this is a sign of great things to come from Disney and Howard, but for now, just buy this and enjoy the great music this CD has to offer.
B00004YW6I|5.0|I noticed right off the bat that Polly Jean Harvey seems to be channeling Crissie Hynde, or Patti Smith, or both at once. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, it tempers her singing style nicely, and perfectly matches the mood of the album. If you're new to PJ Harvey, this would be a good place to start. It's not as boundary-crunching as some of her earlier records, where she announced her presence with songs like &quot;50 ft Queenie&quot; and lines like &quot;I'll make you lick my injuries.&quot; It's more accessible, meaning that it relies less on attitude and more on her considerable musical ability. It's also one of her best, and one of the best albums anyone put out last year.<br />The raw power of Rid of Me and the gothic operatics of To Bring You My Love are pulled together in slightly diminished form here, but for the first time we have an open and even introspective Polly. Instead of the characters she used on her last album, all of these songs are sung from the first person. Is this persona, the girl in the big city, a personal exploration or simply another &quot;story&quot;? When the songs are this good, it doesn't really matter. The album draws you closer for such confessions as &quot;Beautiful Feeling&quot;, &quot;A Place Called Home&quot;, or &quot;This Mess We're In&quot;, only to send you reeling immediately after. POW! Kamikaze! This is Love! It's as bold and balls-out as we've heard from her. Polly proves that maturing your sound doesn't mean you can't rock out. Creepy is exchanged for haunting, fist-shaking is exchanged for feet-planted-firmly declarations. It's an album that stands many repeated listenings, and sounds even better live.<br />Oh yeah, and some Thom Yorke guy is on it too...
0156528207|5.0|This was an excellent book. The writing was beautiful and touching. The quotes are great and they say so much about a deeper love and things that kids know and understand with such meaning, that adults have long since forgotten.
B00001XT76|5.0|Reviewer: w stewart from aberdeen United Kingdom The entire family Stewart loved &quot; Dirty Dancing&quot; when it hit the UK cinemas. Since those days, we've played the CDs incessantly and watched and watched the video, in widescreen. We couldn't wait to see the DVD version ( We pre-ordered for safety) and now we have it we can savour it all over again and again with a myriad of extras due to the capability of the new format, in perfect audio and video. My suggestion ? - BUY!!!
B000023X9W|5.0|I think this is one of the better albums Neil has released in quite some time.  He goes back to his bluegrass/country roots in his guitar playing and his singing is just getting better and better.  This album is a true sign of his emotions.
0684171600|5.0|Treasure Island is- I hesitate even to say arguably- the greatest adventure novel ever written.  The tale has endured for over a century, and is not likely to disappear from print anytime in the near future.  I can only encourage readers to invest in the more expensive Scribner Classic edition, complete with illustrations by N.C. Wyeth.  An immortal book deserves an immortal presentation, and Wyeth's paintings bring Stevenson's words vividly to life.
B000056VIY|5.0|I swear, half of the people in this world can be so mean, cruel, and nasty (especially to celebrities), and it's only 'cause they don't like that celebrity so they are trying to put down the celebrity by saying nasty things about their hard work and acheivments the celebrity has done. I mean really, saying those kinds of things can really hurt that celebrity's career.<br />Anyway, Jennifer Lopez's second album is really good. I haven't listened to the entire recording of it, but I've heard samples of some of the songs from &quot;J-Lo&quot;, and what I've heard so far is actually pretty great. I also love the song, &quot;Love Don't Cost A Thing&quot;. And maybe Jennifer doesn't have as good of a voice as Celine Dion or Whitney Houston, or Mariah Carey or some of the other divas out there, but at least she can sing! Besides, she's not even trying to sound like Celine, Whitney, or Mariah...she knows she has her own style and voice and doesn't have to try to copy and be like the other divas. (That's probably why everybody likes Jennifer Lopez so much!) So give the girl a break and don't judge her by her looks or totally cool outfits or limited singing voice...judge her by her personality, songs, and what she really is all about!
B000003489|5.0|This a classic, \\"must have\\" CD.  There are 5 bonus tracks consisting of alternate takes.  A few years ago I was sitting behind Tommy Flannigan at Fat Tuesday's in NYC.  Behind Tommy Flannigan, at the same table as me, was a woman piano player from California.  She advised me to buy \\"Giant Steps\\".  When I asked her who the piano player was, she pointed at Mr. Flannigan.  Boy, did I feel like a newbie.
B000002H33|5.0|This was one of the first CD's that I bought and the one that truly introduced me to Metallica.  If you CD collection posseses Britney Spears or the Backstreet Boys you can stop reading here as you will never posess the taste to enjoy a quality recording as this.<br />Listening to several Metallica albums shows a progression away from their thrash roots and this album,the last with Cliff Burton, is the last of the Thrash albums, I think this is the pinnacle of Metal music and now modern music is on a downhill slide with only DJ's and Singers, none who can play any instruments and are only there for one handed music video watches
B000003TA4|5.0|I'm a weird music listener according to my friends, I generally enjoy the songs tha aren't singles on most albums.  The only single I enjoy the most on an album is &quot;Alive&quot; from &quot;Ten&quot; (but who can not enjoy that?)  I personally find &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; compelling, but overlong.  My faves are the lesser known cuts that tie the album together.  &quot;Lounge Act&quot; is terrific, and shows traces of Ska around it's Punk attack.  My number one favorite is &quot;On a Plain&quot;, which to agree with an earlier reviewer from Texas, is the BEST ditty they ever wrote, it's sweet, haunting, humorous, and melodic; everything that made Nirvana great.  Don't buy this just because you like &quot;Teen Spirit.&quot;.  If you are a completist, like me, you won't find a better album.
6305910103|5.0|I finally got this movie on DVD and it was terrific!  It was like watching it new again!  The scene's where Kirk and Khan duke it out in the nebula are awesome, special effects that still look great today.  This is a must for any Sci-Fi or Trek fan.  The movie offers more than great space battles, the character introspection is great, the tension is real, and (not to ruin the ending) it's a helluva thing when Spock dies.  I know there are complaints that Paramount doesn't offer much in terms of special features, but DVD's were created for movies like this!
B00005214X|3.0|The whole point of remastering is to make albums sound better, and with very few exceptions that means &quot;make them sound closer to the sound of the original master tape.&quot;<br />The mantra &quot;First, do no harm&quot; should always be observed when remastering an album, and this mantra was not followed here. All this great material sounds like it was dehissed in the mastering process, something that almost always sucks life from the music by removing with the hiss valuable overtones that help the music sound like MUSIC, whatever's in the background.<br />The overall sound of this album is OK...it's not a great recording.  Sure, it's CLEAR, and there's decent bass and treble and even a good balance between them.  But it's so painful to listen to songs that sound hard and two-dimensional and equalized (to compensate, of course, for the absent overtones...they re-emphasize the high-frequencies that are left after the de-hissing).<br />Maybe I'm wrong...maybe they just used poor-quality digital EQ in the mastering, or a &quot;prosumer&quot; digital-audio workstation with substandard analog to digital converters.  Whatever the case, fans of this album will have to wait until for a &quot;purist&quot; high-resolution transfer of these tapes (DVD-Audio, perhaps?) before they have the definitive ALL THINGS MUST PASS.<br />Harrison remarks in the liner notes that it was hard to resist the temptation to remix.  If he were to go back and do that now, and keep his hands OFF the equalizers and dehissers, this might be a listenable project.
B00003CWL6|5.0|Definitely on my list of the top ten movies.  The DVD also contains a number of goodies including an extensive, well-produced documentary about the making of the movie and its transition from script to screen.  Excellent commentary from writer Alan Ball and director Sam Mendes.  And of course, I can't say enough about the movie itself -- a terrific story, metaphorically air-tight as well as thoroughtly entertaining.  &quot;A classic movie,&quot; to quote Mr. Spielberg.
158234082X|5.0|Reading this amazing book is like finally tasting an old wine that you knew existed, but didn't know how to find.  I assume that most of the folks who are posting positive reviews relate to the author's ultra-real account of the restaurant industry.  As well, the writing is raw and simple - the perfect way to tell a tale that is the same.  It makes you want to go fill a nasty old thermos with some 12-year Scotch and get your hands in some good food.  Yum.
B000031WD8|5.0|After seeing this movie about six or seven times, I re-rented the film and while on line, I was wondering why I was getting it again. As soon as I turned the movie on I realized why. It's just brilliant. The brilliance of &quot;American Pie&quot; is not the comedy but the whole plot of the four boys, Jim, Kevin, Oz, and Finch, and their pact to lose their virginity by their high school promotion.<br /> Kevin, who is now in a long term relationship with his girlfriend Vicki, is tired of of getting no sex and he just wants to have it. Vicki, who just wants to know that Kevin really loves her before they sleep together, gets in a brief fight with him that is immediatly stopped.<br /> The relationship between Vicki and Kevin is the major &quot;boy girl&quot; relationship of the movie, but the &quot;father son&quot; relationship between Jim and his father shines even more than that. Their relationship makes you think if all or even any guys and fathers have a relationship as strong as theirs.<br /> Those are basically the main highlights of the movie. &quot;American Pie&quot; is indeed very sexual but does not get too provocative for young teens to handle. So, in need of a great comedy that will give you a good feeling at the end? Get &quot;American Pie.&quot;
B000056VIY|5.0|I'm getting this CD tomorrow on Valentines Day I'll have a sequel to this Amazon review. Thanks for reading this announcement.
0393312836|5.0|Well, I, viddied this book at the store some years ago. I've since read it three or four times. A peer into the mind of a clockwork orange: our vicious 15 year old droog Alex. He's vicious, he's terrible, he's a threat to society, and its all his fault...or is it? Has society made him this way by not disciplining him? What happens when society tries to undo its mistake? Is our malchick here any better or worse off?<br />Enjoy! Read! Have fun with it! Try not to let the more graphic scenes turn your stomach!
B00000DFMN|4.0|Yeah, \\"Moments in Love\\" is a brilliant, evocative, smooth, and eminently romantic tune, and this is the album that's got it.  But don't expect anything else even remotely close to this song.  The rest of this recording is beat and bass, politics and issues, and electronic manipulation/experimentation.  We've got a re-mix of their signature \\"Beat Box\\" as well as the video-powered hit \\"Close (To The Edit).\\"  The Art Of Noise came about as a bridge between the electronic music heroes/dinosaurs ([[ASIN:B00000DR5E Tangerine Dream]], [[ASIN:B000007R1M Kraftwerk]], [[ASIN:B0000074QQ Vangelis]], [[ASIN:B000001ZSE Jean Michel Jarre]]) and the electronica-techno-synth stars of today ([[ASIN:B00000J6AG Moby]], [[ASIN:B0006V6TK8 Chemical Brothers]], [[ASIN:B00005OMTT Enigma]]), and largely remains there.  It's generally fun music, most of it undeniably danceable, and the closer you listen, the more pointedly editorial and political it becomes.  But don't expect a syrupy collection of powerful synth romantic odes.
0743201140|2.0|So, people can't change their basic personalities. We've heard this before. So, build on people's strengths. We've heard this before too. If the HR people listen to this, maybe it will help the corporate world, once they understand that diversity is more than race, religion, politics, etc... The strengths test is interesting, my top five were facets that show in my personal life (the bookish little nerd liberal arts major) much more than in my professional life (hard Harvard MBA). What is missing is how to apply this insight...what the particular combination of strengths means, how to communicate with and lead people with differing strengths, etc., etc. Perhaps I am expecting too much, since I am basing my expectations on the Myers-Briggs and other personality tests with larger data and research bases.....
B00003CXE7|5.0|Oddly enough when I first saw this movie I didn't know much about it, perhaps my memory is a little foggy from the time.  I do remember though walking out of the theater and thinking to myself I have got to have this one on DVD.<br />Well I have it now, and have probably watched it 15+ times.  The acting is very good for an epic-action movie, and the special effects of Rome are surrealistic.  You don't have to be a fan of Ancient Rome to enjoy this movie, in fact students of Med civilizations may chafe at the idea of a Roman General turning Slave to Gladiator to killing the Emperor.  This movie makes that idea work though. <br />The drama between characters is thick enough to cut with a knife. To my immense surprise Joachim Phoenix played the part of Commodus to perfection...His contribution to the movie surpassed any of the other actors/actresses in my opinion.<br />I would recommend this movie to anyone, and if you have a good surround system it's all the better, the musical score blends very well with the action, and the drama.  The cinematography has been very well done, especially the scene where Commodus is riding into Rome for the first time to the Senate building...the use of a slightly blue filter adds to the effect so well.<br />Ok. I've got to stop raving about this movie...hope everyone enjoys it as much as I do.
0790741520|5.0|This was a very good action movie. I hated that Steven Seagal got killed but the movie was still action packed. Kurt Russell came off very well as the hero. A jet is hijacked by a crew of  Arab terrorists. A chemical bomb is put into placed that will cause a great ammount of damage. Kurt Russell and an anti- terrorist team are slipped onto the plane in midair. This is where we lost Steven Seagal. From here the race is on to get the plane away from the hijackers. The terrorists are truly evil and sinister. The plot of this movie is good as well. This is a very good movie that you should not miss.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|While the acting was sub-standard (pun intended) the suspense and drama made up for it.  You find yourself gripping the arms of your chair during the depth-charge part, wondering to yourself how men could deal with it in reality.  <br />The effects were very good, since I live in Chicago and have been inside the German U-boat at the Field Museum I can attest to the realism.  As for the story well it's reality to a point.  If you like a good action-drama that skirts the edge of epic, then this is a good movie for you...<br />If you have a good surround system, then crank it up and upset the neighbors, the depth charge explosions are something to behold.<br />If you need excellent acting in a movie, you may wish to shy away from this one...to all others I think you should give it a shot...very diverting and enjoyable.
B0000019PA|5.0|First listen:  Frozen in my tracks.  What is this like?  Robyn Hitchcock?  Tom Waits?  Syd Barrett?  The Band???? I can't stop listening.<br />Second Listen:  Completely hooked.  Sometimes I don't know exactly what he's singing about, but it just so powerful and evocative.  I haven't been blown away by a CD since I first heard Swordfishtrombones.  It's just so original.
0780622553|5.0|The first time that I saw this picture, I was very entertained, yet somewhat disoriented.<br />The second time that I saw this film, I picked up on things that I had initially missed, and enjoyed myself thoroughly.<br />The third time that I saw this masterpiece, now with Roger Ebert's sagacious commentary, I was totally enthralled.<br />What a shame that DARK CITY has been overlooked by so many people. Not by critic Ebert, however - he named DARK CITY the best picture of 1998.<br />And he was right.
0375500901|4.0|Reading this the week Sharon defeated Barak (and Arafat survived to negotiate with his fifth Israeli Prime Minister since the Oslo Accords), I concluded that this novel is a useful reminder of how fiction often describes truths more vividly than non-fiction.<br />Israeli-Palestinian negotiations are excruciatingly painful and difficult because both sides have a legitimate sense of paranoia, and both sides have a legitimate sense of historic tragedy and grievance.  The Kill Artist is told from the Israeli point of view but with a healthy dose of Palestinian interpretations of the last half-century. It is the story of an Israeli assassin who is lured out of retirement to kill a Palestinian who's own murders are legendary. The setting for this conflict pits two forms of organized state sponsored violence against one another.<br />The sense of mutual grievance and mutual willingness to kill for political and historic reasons is conveyed vividly.  In one passage, we gain insight into the motivation of the Palestinian character: \\"It came from growing up in the camps of Sidon.  His father had died when Tariq was young, and his older brother Mahmoud, was murdered by the Jews...He would think of his father--how he had died of a broken heart with the keys to the family home in the Upper Galilee still in his pocket.\\"(Page 43)<br />On the other side is the head of Israeli intelligence, a man in the Sharon tradition: \\"I believe we will be no more secure after a peace deal than before it. ... I believe the fire in the Palestinian heart will never be extinguished until the Jews are driven into the sea.  And I'll tell you one other thing ... I would much rather do battle with a sworn enemy than with an enemy who finds expediency in posing as a friend.\\"(Page 75)<br />The long-term challenge of peace in the region is vividly illustrated again by the intelligence chief:  \\"Everyone thinks now that peace is at hand there are no more threats to our survival. They don't understand that peace will only make the fanatics more desperate. They don't understand that we will need to spy on our new Arab friends just as hard as when they were openly committed to our destruction. A spy's work is never done.\\"(Page 76-77)<br />Silva deserves real credit for writing these prescient words and creating these characters when the Barak peace Prime Ministership was at its most optimistic and there was no sign on the horizon of the Camp David tragic overreach and the new wave of violence.<br />This novel is complex, compelling, and kept me enthralled to the point that I could not put the book down until had I finished it. As fiction that gives a vivid description of just how hard the future will be in the real world, this is a very worthwhile read.<br />Sharon is 72, Peres is 77, and Arafat is 71.  Whether they can truly find a road to peace or are trapped in the bitterness, fear and violence described in this novel will be a major issue in the next decade. This novel does not offer encouragement that the region can get much beyond non-violence in a state of truce for at least a generation, and instead leaves you with the impression that true peace may be the work of our grandchildren.peace will only make the fanatics more desperate. They don't understand that we will need to spy on our new Arab friends just as hard as when they were openly committed to our destruction. A spy's work is never done.\\"(Page 76-77)<br />Silva deserves real credit for writing these prescient words and creating these characters when the Barak peace Prime Ministership was at its most optimistic and there was no sign on the horizon of the Camp David tragic overreach and the new wave of violence.<br />This novel is complex, compelling, and kept me enthralled to the point that I could not put the book down until had I finished it. As fiction that gives a vivid description of just how hard the future will be in the real world, this is a very worthwhile read.<br />Sharon is 72, Peres is 77, and Arafat is 71.  Whether they can truly find a road to peace or are trapped in the bitterness, fear and violence described in this novel will be a major issue in the next decade. This novel does not offer encouragement that the region can get much beyond non-violence in a state of truce for at least a generation, and instead leaves you with the impression that true peace may be the work of our grandchildren.
0780622545|4.0|Dark City seems to me to sum up an entire universe of sci-fi and third-stream movies in which reality is not what it appears.  This movie brings in influences from Blade Runner (the most obvious influence), Barton Fink (whence the seedy hotel), The City of Lost Children (the &quot;strangers&quot; are VERY similar to the &quot;cyclopes&quot;--I could almost picture their leader saying &quot;j'ai vu un monde qui tait un monde de chien!&quot;--and they even use the phrase &quot;lost children&quot; at one point; also, the vials that contain synthesized memories look a lot like the probosces of Marcello's robotic fleas), Brazil (possibly the origin of Dark City's lost-in-time feeling), The Crow (same director, thus a similar direction style), Twelve Monkeys (one man manipulated by a faceless committee...), The Nightmare Before Christmas (Tim Burton likes spirals too), and even to some extent Lost Highway (notably in the cinematic treatment of half-remembered images), although that only came out a year earlier.  There are also hints at earlier things--film noir, Peter Lorre.  So while it's not original, and certainly not perfect, this movie seems to combine all those aspects into a single coherent whole, which is rather impressive. The plot is revealed well, and doesn't have too many holes in it. Certain scenes when John starts to figure out what's going on are really chilling.  And the movie manages to have a happy ending that's not stupid! I couldn't believe it. And of course, the cinematography is beautiful.<br /><br />I'd also like to mention that the Matrix is very clearly a rip-off of Dark City, using the same basic concept (a group of superior beings that control our perception of reality), a lot of the same imagery (people who don't rely on gravity), and a very similar pre-climactic scene.  The Matrix, however, undermines itself with a lot of pointless fight scenes, truckloads of inconsistencies, revealing everything too soon, and Keanu Reeves.  Dark City is a far better movie.
0780021150|1.0|I own a beamer and normally see quite well how a film was transfered. Here, the picture isnt clear, you can't distinguish faces far off, cannot even read the newspaper-article, though I am certain you can on the source that was used for the transfer. I certainly hoped for better stuff, and now will have to to tape the film from an emission on TV and dub the sound or something similar. A disappointing transfer indeed!
B000002UDD|4.0|While this album is probably the weakest album of Megadeth's thrash career, it still contains enough strong material to make it worth buying. &quot;Into the Lungs of Hell&quot; is an interesting, fast piece, &quot;Mary Jane&quot; is a great tune, has a lot of cool riffs, and &quot;Hook in Mouth&quot; is just hands down the most aggressive, powerful song in their arsenal.
B000006045|5.0|This album is one which I had stumbled into whilst reading many a review in music magazines.  Of course I had heard &quot;Teardrop&quot; and absolutely loved that song, but I was rather skeptical as to whether the whole album would hold up to the power of that song.  I was pleasantly surprised.  Mezzanine is one of the darkest pieces of commercial music around. It had me, from the first to the last, track in awe of the melancholic beauty that is encapsulated within each song.  I really must say I cannot hear any comparison with Joy Division, I think it stands out on its own.
B000058T5E|3.0|And clocking in at 36 minutes does little to impress me. Seems like outtakes of Who Else is what we had coming. Yes, I know this is JEFF BECK, not just another banger from God knows where. I've loved this dude since the Yardbirds, ok? But when cd capacity is double what we're served up here for the same bucks, I get a tad suspicious. Icon, fine. Pioneer, fine. Rockin SOB, fine. This isn't a bad cd, tone from hell pulled out of the guts of his guitar is what JB is all about. This insistence on techno rhythms to wrap solos around, I'm still gettting used to. Where's Bogart and Appice? There's alot of color here and some menacing riffs, the stuff most of us dream about playing yet it's over too soon. Will I go see this tour? Hell yes..after all, it's Jeff Beck.
B000006045|5.0|One of the best groups of the nineties are Bristol(UK)-based Massive Attack. This is their third album and is markedly different from their previous two. Personally, I also find it the best of the three.<br />Guitars, and bass (lots of it!) make a strong appearance in this CD. The stand-out tracks are Angel (used in Guy Ritchie's &quot;Snatch&quot;), Dissolved Girl and Tear Drop. But really, the entire album is brilliant. It sort of evolves as the album goes on, exploring the same bassy feel in new ways. Every time you listen to it, you will suddenly notice little nuances that you have missed before, and the song gains greater depth. I constantly marvel at these guys for coming up with such layered music.<br />The best way to listen to this album is to turn out the lights and crank up the bass. In these conditions, the album reveals another layer of depth. As one reviewer wrote, &quot;it will mess with your mind.&quot;
0802136834|4.0|The only other book I've read from Alison Weir is the Children of Henry the VIII. This book (like &quot;Children&quot;) was a fascinating read. The author clearly has sympathy for the wives but does not dismiss Henry as &quot;a womanizer who got rid of his wives on personal whim&quot;. The only thing I disliked about this book was the authors detail on which surviving portraits are there of each wife and ones that have been falsly attributed to them. As I can't look at the pictures in question I really don't care!!!! All in all I would heartily recommend both the &quot;Six Wives&quot; and &quot;Children&quot; to any history buff.
B000002BHE|5.0|this is one of the best if not the best that celine has offered......i would'nt trade it for the world
0679720200|5.0|In a beautiful blend of contrasting elements and brilliant integration of circular symbolism, Albert Camus paints a picture of life and human nature in his existentialist novel The Stranger. This story is that of an impassive man who is convicted of a capital crime because of his indifference on trial and elsewhere in the novel. Meursault, the man whose major crime is his inability to express, murders a man on a beach. Feeling uncomfortable and oppressed by a blinding sun that &quot;shatter[s] into little pieces on the sand and water&quot; into his eyes, Meursault accidentally pulls the trigger of his readied gun, killing the man brandishing a knife at him.      The striking feature of this novel lies in Camus' ease in completely incorporating the major motif of the novel: circularity. Circular symbols permeate its every aspect. This circle technique allows the book to comment on life, paradoxically conveying its message through an examination of death. Sun and water themes circulate around each other and are accented by the circular structure of the book itself. These themes also serve to emphasize the motif of contrasting elements that makes this book so complete in its integration. A simple writing style serves to illustrate the simplicity of the novels concept. Working similarly to Hemmingway's style, Camus writes in an extremely fluent way, which also suggests the symbolism of water. This book is one of the best out their. With an interesting plot line and amazing ability, it succeeds in most ways to explain one of life's truths.
0790737345|5.0|Nicolas Cage is superb as an angel named Seth who suddenly finds himself guarding Dr Maggie Rice(Meg Ryan) from when her daughter dies in the film's opening scenes. From then on he finds himself drawn closer to the point of sacrificing his immortality to spend the rest of his life with her. Will he or won't he? I saw the UK version of this DVD with my wife and we were both very impressed. In spite of a predictable ending, the journey there is a visual delight, with unseen angels walking atop city skyscrapers, taking a break atop freeway bridges, all in a very surreal but spectacular fashion. The cinematography, with the aerial shots, is excellent, a show in itself. And the story is thought-provoking at times - just what will one sacrifice for true love? This is definitely one of Cage's best movies, much better than recent efforts such as BRINGING OUT THE DEAD and the dreadful SNAKE EYES.
0385486804|5.0|Jon Krakauer did a wonderful job of retracing the life of Chris McCandless.  The book really draws you into what Chris is feeling and why he gave up his collge degree and promising life to go into the wild.  The conversations with some of Chris' friend are deeply moving.  Krakauer's own journey gives a deeper look into what Chris was feeling.  His dedication to Chris' life shows how movitate one can be. Chris transformed from a city boy to someone living purely off the land  because of his own determination.
0440213525|3.0|This book is well written, as are all of Grisham's works.  But I for one found it a bit of a stretch because I don't believe any 11 year-old could be as perceptive, clever and just plain worldly-smart as Mark. He not only out-wits a suicidal lawyer, Judges, U.S. Attorneys, police and mobsters, but also out-thinks his smart counselor Reggie Love, in a certain crucial situation.<br />Being an attorney, I enjoyed the portrayals of the flamboyant, slick and/or pompous headline-seeking lawyers, but also thought that Reggie Love sounded a bit to good to be true. She's 52, out of law school only 4 years following a nervous breakdown due to a divorce and practices solely in Juvenile Court handling child abuse cases.  Yet she sandbags experienced FBI agents, is not in the least intimidated by the combined power and resources of the FBI and two U.S. Attorneys' offices, and protects the kid at a level and in a manner consistent with 35 years of criminal law experience in NYC.  I also did not too credible the portrayal of experienced FBI agents as totally lacking in spine or spunk when faced with the indomitably aggressive Reggie, tucking their tails and withering before her threats regarding their not unreasonable attempts to get crucial information out of her Client.  Not only that, somewhere along the short way, she picked up enough employment/discrimination law experience to completely terrorize (legally) an obnoxious sweatshop employer, in what admittedly is a great scene that I enjoyed immensely.  No question, this is super-woman lawyer (Kathleen Turner? or better, Bette Midler), except when she finds herself totally under the mind-control of super-prodigy, Mark.<br />Maybe Grisham could write a book sometime (if he already hasn't) portraying law enforcement as a bit more competent and maybe even as clever as those in opposition (we must believe that there are some out there).<br />Notwithstanding the above comments, this is a pretty good read, esp. in Judge Harry's courtroom scenes, and in the portrayals of the newspaper writer and the ambulance chaser.
0345347951|5.0|I had read 2001: A Space Odyssey and I found it a little slow and hard to get through, so I wasn't expecting alot from this book.  To my delight, it kept my interest from beginning to end.  As soon as the alien ships show up the big mystery of &quot;why are they here?&quot; keeps you reading.  Are the aliens good? bad? what do they want?  The answer to these questions is thought-provoking and a satisfying end to the book.  One of the classics for those sci fi lovers out there.
6300182770|5.0|Every time I see this movie, I expect it to make more sense, but for some reason it doesn't. In fact, I got slightly more confused the last time I watched. Debbie Harry does a great performance as a kinky talk-radio psychologist--she and Woods have great chemistry together, and it was too bad they didn't have more scenes together.<br />I would describe the plot of this movie, but I would probably sound like I was on some sort of mind-altering drugs. Actually, I'm pretty sure that narcotics were involved in some way in the making of this movie. I'm not saying that the people who made the movie were drug addicts, or didn't come up with the creative ideas on their own, but several scenes are just, well, very trippy.<br />James Woods plays a producer (I think) who is looking for something new and shocking, and he gets more when he bargained for when he stumbles across a pirate videotape of a 'show' called Videodrome. The footage looks realistic enough for him to suspect it may actually be snuff, so he starts to investigate further. Things just get weirder and weirder until no-one, including the viewer, is quite sure what's real.<br />This movie is really bizarre, even for David Cronenberg, but his movies are always really cool, original, and fascinating (with the exception of Crash, which I actually dozed off during). Rick Baker's FX are great, there's all kinds of funky bio-mechanical stuff going on, and a few extraordinarily gruesome scenes. I wish he would direct more movies like this. A really good rent, and you'll be putting down the videotape very fast after you take it out of the VCR. This is one you'll want to watch on video, if at all possible. You'll see why.<br />Not for the narrowminded.
B0000541AM|5.0|If your thinking about getting this DVD, get it. I was suprised at the quality of the color and clarity of picture. It's the kind of movie your girlfriend might not like, but if she watched it more than once, she'll get it, and she&quot;ll love it!
0679746048|4.0|It was 1967, when 18 year old Susanna Kaysen started her 18 month stay at McLean Mental Hospital. The book Girl Interrupted talks about Ms. Kaysen's life change experiences at McLean. A thought provoking novel; lined with dark comedy. All the way from her searching for answers to the strangest questions, to her very interesting and humor satisfying fellow patients. Even in the dark areas Ms. Kaysen finds light. I feel the book is amazing, due to it's extreme frankness with mental health. The order of the book can be confusing, but the rest is great. I greatly reccomend this book.
6305842442|5.0|Great movie. However, does the french guy not realize the entire point of the movie? He toyed with some of the less important points yet failed to comment on the unicorn. *sigh*<br />hmmm...I didn't write this...but the movie is quite good. The directors cut lacks in many areas however. I would suggest purchasing the original. sorry for the above...I kinda like the french =)
6304913176|2.0|Imagine that humans are at war with giant insects on the alien's home planet. The bugs are the size of tanks and as fast as cheetahs. Humans are puny and slow. The bugs are virtually bullet-proof and have razor-sharp jaws. The humans have tiny rail guns and their armor is apparently padded cloth. Their only strategy is a feeble infantry charge. Which side do you root for?<br />No, this isn't the conflict that the main character is facing. After all, he almost miraculously survives every bloody skirmish, whereas his team mates and friends are brutally disemboweled in droves. This film, taken at face value, postulates no conflict for our hero to ponder. The humans are good, the giant bugs are evil, thus the humans must overcome the bugs at any cost. This is Power Rangers with extra gore.<br />There are little or no attempts to factor in the super-idealistic human society, which deifies war and the motherland. Every character is cheerful and smiling, no matter who was killed in the day's battle. Everyone goes on being optimistic and patriotic.<br />Some might say that &quot;Starship Troopers&quot;, with its giant bug aliens and freely flowing gore, is a satire of poorly-made science fiction, but I never stopped to laugh with the movie. It was too gory, too disturbing, and too poorly made itself.
B000002UDG|5.0|Say what you will about Paul McCartney, there's no denying he is a top-notch tunesmith. You will never forget most of these pop melodies, and they can bring much joy to your listening life. Obviously Paul has done much work since 1988 when this album came out, but this serves as a very good overview of the post-Beatle years when he was still making #1 radio hits, both with and without his band Wings. Purists may question the exclusion of certain songs (the classic &quot;Maybe I'm Amazed&quot; - though I suspect this had to be left off so people would continue to by the &quot;McCartney&quot; album - and the huge hit &quot;Mull of Kintyre,&quot; though again if they included it here then nobody would buy &quot;Wings' Greatest.&quot; Paul is an expert marketer.) but this only serves to illustrate the multifarious talent we are dealing with. Collectors will appreciate the inclusion of &quot;C Moon&quot; (a catchy B-side), and a live version of &quot;Coming Up.&quot; One aspect that strikes me about this album is its variety, from the Beatle-esque eccentricity of &quot;Uncle Albert/Admiral Halsey&quot; to the syrupy/wonderful mush of &quot;My Love&quot; to the pure eighties pop of &quot;Say Say Say&quot; to the pastichey James Bond flair of &quot;Live and Let Die&quot; to the straight rock of &quot;Junior's Farm.&quot; What a career, even not counting his Beatle years! Lovers of a good tune, or those interested in a trip through pop music's styles from 1971 to 1985, should have a listen to this.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I wouldn't do this movie justice if I spoke too much on it, I am afraid of not giving enough praise.  This movie was just beyond incredible.  Everything was perfect.  The action... intense and extrememly well executed... the story line... incredibly breath-taking... I have watched this movie many times.  I even bought the movie on my college budget because I think it was almost necessary to own.  Don't even worry about renting it before you buy, You WILL love this movie.
0679721037|4.0|This book is an interesting history book. It takes place when United States dropped the atomic bomb on Hiroshima. It gives a real life story of what happened to the civilians living, and dying in Hiroshima, and tells of their point of view of the war. This is an excellent book for everyone to read. It takes you back to when one step, one movement, one thought, meant life or death to those who lived through the atomic bomb at Hiroshima.
0880389052|5.0|This book will clear ant Drizzt problems or questions you had if you were confused about Drizzt in the Icewind Dale Trilogy. Questions like: &quot;Where did Drizzt get his scimitars?&quot; and &quot;How did Gwenvehar (I'm sorry if I spelled wrong) come into Drizzt's life?&quot; This book answers some of your questions, not all. You'll have to read the next 2 to understand all or most of your questions.<br />Anyway, the plot is: Drizzt Dourden gets born and raised in a harsh drow city known as Menzoberranzan. He was going to get sacrificed to the Spider god, Lloth, but he wasn't the 3rd born child. This book puts down Drizzt's first 30 years in only 314 pages. I loved it, I hope you do.
B000056V73|5.0|I believe there is a certain age group that can completely identify with this movie.  I must say that I rarely go to the movies alone but was profoundly glad that I went to this one solo.  It allowed me to really feel the movie.  When the first cords of &quot;That's The Way&quot; started I found myself uncontrollably weeping.  There were so many touching moments I can't name them all here.  It brought me back to a place I usually only visit in my memories until seeing this movie.  It was a sweeter time, a simpler time, when music meant everything.  Much like the main characters.  Thanks to Cameron Crowe for a wonderful journey back.  And much thanks to Nancy Wilson for a perfectly planned out soundtrack.  I recommend this to anyone 30-40 yrs. of age who  needs a good shot of the 70's again.  Enjoy.
B000053VAF|5.0|First of all, I would like to correct a few of the reviewers here.<br />1) The &quot;big name stars&quot; were not brought in by the budget. Dogma is still quite a low budget film by Hollywood standards, and the &quot;big name starts&quot; worked for scale. For those that don't know, scale is minimum wage for actors. Ben Affleck, Jason Lee et. al. are in the movie because they know Smith and are friends.<br />2) The Pope is who sanctioned the &quot;door thing.&quot;<br />3) Dogma was written before Clerks, Smith's first movie, was made.<br />4) If Rufus was one of the original appostles, Mathais would be the 14th, not the 13th.<br />Now, with that said, I must say that the SE DVD is going to be a treat. Some people were lucky enough to see the film with part of the deleted scenes in tact, and there is some really great stuff in there. In the strip club, there's a song that will really knock your socks off. 100 minutes of extra footage, and many movies coming out now are shorter than that! This is a huge treat for the fans!
B00001NFHU|4.0|A lot of people criticize Soft Machine's work after Robert Wyatt's departure, but I think they got more focused in their pursuit of jazz-rock fusion. Wyatt got to do the vocal music he wanted to do as a soloist, while Soft Machine became more accomplished instrumentally. The real unsung hero on Six is bassist Hugh Hopper. While not playing anything overly complex, he provides a solid foundation and groove for the soloists to play over top of. One of my favorite 70's fusion albums.
B00003CXGG|3.0|I would say the movie is well madee and the action is good as it is jet li movie but the concept doesn't get clear untill the end
0553106635|4.0|I had yet to read a series that gets better with each installment.  I say &quot;had&quot; because that was before I read &quot;A Song of Ice and Fire&quot;.  One knows a series has hooked them when one begins to dream of the characters at night...and I'll admit that I have.  Also, when I found myself crying because a beloved character dies, I knew that I was truly hooked.  <br />Martin plays the dualistic God in this series:  He creates characters that come alive to the reader, shows the reader the person in all their glories and faults, then with a paragraph or just a short, heartwrenching sentence, either destroys them or leaves them horribly maimed or worse.  He also lets you into the thoughts of some of them, leading you to begin questioning yourself and all you've been taught like Jon, feeling angry at the world and wanting to run free with Arya, cheering for the well intentioned Daenerys, and hurting at the abuse of Tyrion one minute and laughing hysterically at his wise cracks a moment later.  You even find yourself attatched to the more minor characters, heroes and villains, such as Dolorous Edd, Sandor Clegane, Sam Tarly, Princess Margerey and the Queen of Thorns, Ygritte, Mance Rayder, the Brotherhood without Banners, and a plethura of others too numerous to count.  Not many authors can juggle so many personalites and still give them distinct voices, but Martin is one of them, if not their master.<br />So hooked on these books am I that only one complaint can I make:  I want the fourth installment, and I want it NOW!
