6302517052|5.0|I like this movie more than any other! The idea of Critters is good. I think this one is the best and 2 sucks! 3 is OK, but 4 is better. Thank You, Chido Brothers for such good Critters!A must see for all Sci-Fi viewers!
B00003CX8J|5.0|X Men is a good movie, a lot of action and great special effects.  I had never read an X Men comic before watching this and still could easily follow the plot.  Hugh Jackman is ready to explode as a MAJOR film star and he does a fantasic job playing Wolverine here.  The mutant battles are easily the best scenes, with some of the dialogue straining.  I wish they just could have battled each other all movie.  Still there was ample action and fantastic FX.  This is a great looking film on DVD and has some really cool extras like Hugh Jackman's screen test and some cool stills.  The best thing about this movie is that it lays the groundwork for many sequels to come.  The next proves to be even better with Wolverine seeking out vengence on the people who mutated him.  Definitely buy this if you're into good action films.
0316743003|5.0|Founded in 1943 by Clarence &quot;Kelly&quot; Johnson Lockheed's Advanced Projects Division known as The Skunk Works accomplished revolutionary feats of aviation and created some of the world's most successful military aircraft. Home of the U-2 spy plane, the SR-71 Blackbird and the F-117 Stealth Fighter the Skunk Works (SW) promoted a unique environment within the aerospace industry. This book gives detailed accounts about the projects, people and methodologies that developed some of America's premier military platforms. Every aspect of the innovation process is covered from idea conception through the internal and external politics of promoting revolutionary concepts. Kelly Johnson and latter Ben Rich lead the SW during its most exciting and revolutionary discoveries. This work recounts their successes and failures of management style, discovery and relationships as the details of these projects are explained. Of particular interest is the type of environment and management style that each successive leader of the SW employed to help produce the breakthroughs required to propel these projects to legendary success.
6301969588|5.0|I have grown up watching this movie, I remember I made every one of my friends watch this movie almost every time I had a sleepover.  This movie is classic.  It's funny, and it has an original plot, which is very hard to come by now-a-days.  I always have trouble in the beginning of the movie, because between the less than adequate audio machinery (it is a pretty old movie) and the heavy french accents, it is hard to understand what they are saying.  But don't be discouraged, your ears quickly adjust.
B000002KDS|5.0|So there we were, trying to learn Halo of Flies. James Bond meets Frank Zappa. My drummer, Lon, couldn't quite get it right. We spent hours and hours on it (I later learned that AC practiced 16 hours a day!). We finally got it. I went on to other things, but to this day I can play every bit of that song. I went back to Imperial Beach about 10 years ago and heard that Lon the drummer is dead. He shot hisself in the head. Sigh... What can I say? AC rules. I saw the first tour after &quot;Love it to Death&quot;, with Pure Praire League (I kid you not) and Atomic Rooster opening. That remains the second best show I have ever seen. I'll tell about Iggy later...
0393314804|4.0|I really, really like this book, but I honestly had no clue what was happening until somewhere in the middle, where I finally understood (somewhat).  I will tell you this right now: you most likely won't understand until near the end.  That's when all of the pieces will fit together.  This book deserves more than 5 stars. The reason why I gave it only 4 stars is because of the dialogue... which confused the hell out of me!  The characters are Scottish, so it took me a couple minutes for each page.  If you don't mind struggling a little bit, then give this book a try.  I think that you will be glad that you did.
B00003CXDG|3.0|Mission:Impossible-2 was a movie that could've been truly great but stunk. The reason for this is because they probably rushed the movie so it would have no summer competition. The only thing I really enjoyed in this film was the action and the plot throw ins with the masks(which were actually cheesy if you think about it). <br /> The first movie was much better than this one and I hope you decide to enjoy that one instead of this. I personally feel that Tom Cruise should quit the whole Mission series (incase you haven't heard there are plans to make many more) and find something he would do good at.<br /> Here is a little tid-bit: You may want to skip to the last half hour- 45 minutes of the movie as this part is where all the action and plot takes place. This is one part of the film you will definitley enjoy. The other parts of the movie are just horrible. To understand what's happening read the Amazon provided summary. <br /> So in conclusion, if you are looking for some action scenes, this is the way to go. For a great story, don't bother with this one. I reccomend you rent this one and buy the first Mission. That's basically it.<br />BYE.
6301763041|5.0|Let me first start off by saying that the people who didn't like this movie are crazy.  On the top ten greatest movies ever made this should be like number 3.  Johnny Depp is gorgeous.  I have devoted 13 years of my life to worshipping him.  (then he had to marry that beautiful french girl).  But I digress,  this movie has great music, great acting, great writing, great everything.  My family still quotes this movie whenever appropriate.  I love this movie, and if you don't then...well... you have bad taste!
0553502557|4.0|Prompted both by the Sydney Olympics and by an appreciation of Bill Bryson's work, I listened to In a Sunburned Country during a long drive from Ohio to New York.  The 16 hour round trip was made much shorter because of this book, which is both entertaining and informative.<br />Bryson, a reasonably well respected travel writer, was born in Iowa and has spent much of his adult life in the UK.  This gives him a unique perspective on Australian culture, which is reasonably (un)related to both the US and UK in its national character.  Bryson travels to all of the populated areas, and many of the unpopulated areas of the continent.  He marvels about the desolation, fears the animal life, and examines the plight of the aboriginal peoples from an outsiders perspective.<br />Bryson's works are entertaining because he doesn't pretend to be an expert traveler.  He doesn't always know where he is going, or what he is going to find there.  He is inquisitive, often finding himself backed into a corner with wild dingos at his heels (figuratively).  In many ways, you can travel vicariously through him - he always seems to ask the questions I would ask, and notice the details that I would be interested in.<br />If you are curious about Australia after watching the Sydney games, this is a good place to look.
B00004S876|5.0|This album swept the grammy's back when winning a grammy still ment something.  The songs on this album are well sung, well played, well writen and well produced, oh.. and I can't foreget, one of the best sounding albums of all time.  I read people say; you either love Toto or you hate Toto, even if this were true, there should be no argument as to wether these guys are great musicians or not. Everybody knows Toto is a band comprised of great musicians, which is why in the 80's (back when pop was still music)they appeared on everybody's albums from Lionel Richie and Micheal Jackson to several albums by Quincy Jones and many many more, just check it out. None of this should come as a surprise, cause anybody who knows anything about music knows this already.
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|Scary Movie was of the best comedies of 2000. With spoofs from movies like Scream, I Know What You Did Last Summer, Blair Witch, and The Matrix, this film will be loved by all. The sexual content of the film makes it even funnier. (Not very explicit, shows very little). <br /> In the opening scene with Carmen Electra, you know this movie will be great. Shawn and Marlon Wayans did a great job putting together this film and they got the greatest cast. The whole over-all plot with Doofy is absoleutly hilarious and you'll be laughing out loud at the end of this brilliant movie.<br /> So, be sure to catch Scary Movie. Anybody and everybody will enjoy this spoof. Buy this DVD and enjoy.<br />HAPPY VIEWING!
6303566448|4.0|This movie is disturbing and perverse.  But I gave it 4 stars because it is also the type of movie you will remember forever.  But it's not for the weak of stomache or for those of us who get grossed out by...well I don't want to ruin it for you.  The movie is more like a nightmare, it doesn't make much sense and it's not that scary, but you still spend the rest of the night thinking about it.
B00004STPT|5.0|Sorry. I know this is more Hans' work than Lisas's but she composed and helped to compose a great portion of it, as well. Most reviewers here praise Zimmer (ok, one or two curse him) for his work but Lisa a a force to be reckoned with. Most aren't as familiar with her. If you enjoyed her contributions to this soundtrack, do yourself a favour and pick up a Dead Can Dance album (any one will do, although i am partial to &quot;Into the Labrynth&quot; with its arabian/egyptian nuances and &quot;Aion&quot; which is all subtly contemporized Renaissance and Mideival themed). They are often associated with the Goth genre, though, if a guy crying in a corner reading bad poetry and contemplating suicide is what comes to mind with that word don't worry; while a lot of their music is dark, it's more  literally gothic with rampant classicism. And if any Goths out there are offended by my description, I'm sorry, I am myself a Goth of sorts- that's just the stereotype that most people think of, and i would rather them not deprive themselves of potentially life changing music because of petty closemindedness. Any way, i Loved this soundtrack; gave it five stars. I don't mean to detract from Zimmer, I love the guy, it's just that Lisa isn't getting as many due's as is warranted. Great orchestration, arrangement (great job Lyndhurst Orchestra as well!), beautifully nuanced and subtle in places and rousing in others. Simply a masterpiece! Oh yeah the movie's great too. Thanks
0394873742|5.0|My husband has 7 godchildren, and this book is one of the &quot;standard&quot; gifts that we send to them. They love the BIG size--the book is usually bigger than them, and the size makes it an extra-fun gift to receive. Naturally, the kids also love all of the Richard Scarry details on each page!
B00004ZAV3|4.0|A good compilation of The Beatles Number One Hits. I believe that &quot;Free as a Bird&quot; went to number one, but I could very well be mistaken. If it did, it would have been nice to have it included.<br />Many other songs that the Beatles may have never got out as singles due to the band's incredible output, but could have easily been number ones. Some examples are &quot;In My Life&quot;, &quot;Nowhere Man&quot;, &quot;Norweigan Wood&quot;, &quot;Twist and Shout&quot;, and more. Hopefully, a &quot;best of&quot; will come out someday.
B00003CX8J|5.0|Five, yes five stars and this movie deserves no less. It is the movie of the year. Everyone, young and old can enjoy \\"X-Men\\". It stars, Hugh Jackman, Patrick Stewart, Famke Janssen, James Marsden Anna Paquin and Halle Berry. Sets in the not so distant future and in a time of great predigest, human evolution has taken the next step, or should I say quantum leap in evolution. These new breeds of people, called mutants, were born with extraordinary gifts or superpowers due to their parents' radiation exposure during the world wars. Now, the X-Men must protect the world that hates and fears them, from a band of evil mutants, known as the Brotherhood, who are tired of discrimination and believe they are the future of evolution.<br />This movie is sure to please all. It's not at all what you may think. Director Bryan Singer makes this movie fun, but also for adults. When you think \\"X-Men\\" don't think \\"Superman\\" or \\"Batman and Robin\\". This movie stands all on it's own. You have to see it to believe it. It will surly please long time X-Men fans along with first time goers. Mild language and young adult themes give this movie a PG-13 rating, but it's still suitable for young viewers. The perfect gift this Christmas.
0060931671|5.0|Okay it's not his best novel (that'd be Gravity's Rainbow) and it's not his worst novel (that'd be Vineland, which is still darn good, actually) but it is his shortest novel, so if you could say one definite thing about it, that might be it.  The length is actually a good thing because is an easy book to hook people on Pynchon by giving them something short and say &quot;Hey look he's great!&quot;.  Because this is classic Pynchon, as good as anything he's ever done, a great big step forward from V.  In these one hundred and eighty pages he manages to cram more prose and ideas and paranoia (because it wouldn't be a Pynchon book otherwise) than most authors can do in twice the space.  Simply put, it's a fun book, and for all the trappings of &quot;post-modernism&quot; you can easily enjoy this book without camping out in your local library near the reference section if you just take everything on faith and read it.  The story concerns Ms Oedipa Maas, who is executing the will of her late boyfriend and stumbles upon (she thinks) a conspiracy involving either the US Postal System, the Mob and just about everything else, a conspiracy that might stretch back hundreds of years.  Or it might not.  Pynchon proceeds then to play with Ms. Maas and the reader for the rest of the novel, throwing out obscure fact after obscure fact, toying with her perception of things (are things just happening randonly or is there a guiding force behind them?) and basically having a crackling good time doing so.  His prose still consists of long winding sentences with a bit too much detail (it's a postmodern trademark to describe every single item on a desk at least once during the story) at times but the jokes are still funny thirty years later, the story is still good and frankly if you look past the fact that the story doesn't have a neat and pat ending then you'll probably enjoy this very much.  Some folks find Pynchon too silly at times, but I think taking anything too seriously is bad and especially literature, where there's so much potential for humor.  This is a good example of how you can write a serious, timeless piece of literature and still have the ability to make folks outloud.  Remember, Joyce liked fart jokes.  Keep that in mind.d especially literature, where there's so much potential for humor.  This is a good example of how you can write a serious, timeless piece of literature and still have the ability to make folks outloud.  Remember, Joyce liked fart jokes.  Keep that in mind.
0515127485|4.0|This work is rich in historical and &quot;documentary&quot; detail more than its plot and characters. It stimulates further inquiry into the 20th century history of Russia, but comes short on the literary and artistic side. the plot seems to falter and collapse two thirds the way reading the novel and become a fantastic and highly implausible dream. The ending was done in a haste in which the characters destroy each other in a suicidal rage which is supposed to correct all the mistakes. Somehow the pace of events accellerates in the last third of the novel and ends the story in a short summary of what it could have been if it were written more patiently. It could have been much more memorable if the hand of the author have not forced the characters into hasting exits from the plot near the end. Stalin's biography by Edvard Radzinsky has more artistic and literary beauty in it and makes a better reading into the Stalin's era.
B000007OY0|5.0|This movie has EVERYTHING a great movie/story should have.  There are some violent bits that I could have done without, but I suppose they were needed for contrast.  Morgan Freeman is a wonderful actor (always), and Tim Robbins is perfect in this role.  Thanks to Steven King (another fave)for the original story.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I got this cd for &quot;Oops!.. I did it again&quot; just like everybody else did. I have bought all the pictures and the ones in this jacket and hung them up in my room. &quot;Stronger&quot; is one of the best songs on the cd, boy does she look hot in the video, with the dancing with the chair.  I did not really care for &quot;Don't go knocking on my door&quot;.  I don't like the R&amp;B sound to it.  A lot of people don't like &quot;Sattisfaction&quot; because it does not sound like the original by the stones. I love the version on the mtv vma's where she was full of energy and also stripped [warning if you are under 10 do not watch that seen on mtv} Lucky was my favorite song on the cd, it shows full emotion and it is also nice how the video and the song have a plot to it. I am not really into the &quot;Balads&quot; [aka slow songs].  When I was listing to &quot;Dear Diary&quot; it seemed like she was singing about me. Buy this cd if you enjoy pop music, a teenage girl, or any guy who likes the videos.
B000001EAQ|5.0|This album was meant as an experiment with disco, and I think it's the best experiment ever. What U2 does is so brilliant, that you don't even realise that they juggle with disco, it's so ingeniously melted together with the ever strong U2-sound, but very subtle it adds an extra dimension to the songs on 'Pop'. I really don't get the critics on this album, and I'm not a 'hardcore' U2-fan, I just really thinks these songs are all classics. Pearls as &quot;If God Will Send His Angels&quot; and &quot;Staring At The Sun&quot; are meant for eternity, me thinks. This album is all quality, all style, all strong, all U2. Fab Four II in the history of music.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I got this cd for &quot;Oops!.. I did it again&quot; just like everybody else did. I have bought all the pictures and the ones in this jacket and hung them up in my room. &quot;Stronger&quot; is one of the best songs on the cd, boy does she look hot in the video, with the dancing with the chair.  I did not really care for &quot;Don't go knocking on my door&quot;.  I don't like the R&amp;B sound to it.  A lot of people don't like &quot;Sattisfaction&quot; because it does not sound like the original by the stones. I love the version on the mtv vma's where she was full of energy and also stripped [warning if you are under 10 do not watch that seen on mtv} Lucky was my favorite song on the cd, it shows full emotion and it is also nice how the video and the song have a plot to it. I am not really into the &quot;Balads&quot; [aka slow songs].  When I was listing to &quot;Dear Diary&quot; it seemed like she was singing about me. Buy this cd if you enjoy pop music, a teenage girl, or any guy who likes the videos.
B00000JZIK|5.0|Five career criminals get picked-up by N.Y.C police for a lineup, and decide the've had enough of being 'Usual Suspects'and decide they ought to extract revenge at the police's expense. Everything goes extremely well untill a shadowy crime figure named Keyser Soze decides they ought to work for him.  Nobody knows for sure if Keyser really exist but every move they make is monitored and controlled by the criminal mastermind. One of the greastest movies ever, with plot twist even Alfred Hitchcock would have been proud of making.  And like that.......he's gone!
B00003CXE7|2.0|I thought &quot;Gladiator&quot; was remarkably uncompelling.  The much ado about its CGI effects only made everyone think virtually every scene was computer generated.  The effects themselves look totally unreal and strangely prototypical, as if they hadn't quite figured it all out yet.  And the DVD is reverently packaged like everyone involved was confident they'd made a masterpiece.  They didn't.  And the last shot of Russell Crowe walking toward his wife and son reminded me uncomfortably of that idiotic walk into the clouds at the end of another preposterous Roman epic,'The Robe.'  Kubrick's 'Spartacus' is nearly 40 years old, but it's infinitely more advanced than 'Gladiator.'
B00003CXE7|5.0|From beginning to end i was taken in with the stunning fighting sequences and wonderful story line. If only all movies on dvd could be this great!  Oh and i can't forget to mention the monumental size of extras and special features that occupy disc 2.  Buy this movie!
0393038912|5.0|This reference considers why Eurasians conquered Native Americans, Australians and Africans, rather than the reverse occurring. The reference notes that some 13,000 years ago, all humans were Stone-Age-technology hunter-gatherers, and then considers why different groups of humans developed different types of societies and different levels of technologies, on the different continents. The argument is made that neurobiologically all groups of humans were more or less similar, but that the Eurasians were the most fortunate in living in Eurasia compared to the other continents in terms of plants suitable for domestication, animals for domestication, and the minimum of geographical barriers for the spread of food production techniques and other ideas. Farming and herding allowed larger, more organized societies, and gave their members the opportunity to develop and disseminate writing and technology. As well, these societies, in close relation with their farm animals, evolved over generations immunity to many of the viruses the farm animals spread. The result was that when, some 500 years ago, the Eurasians came in contact with Native Americans, Australians and sub-Saharan Africans, the Eurasian guns, germs and steel swords, allowed the conquer, displacement and/or decimation of these latter inhabitants. In making this argument, this reference describes in easy-to-read language, the spread of humans around the world from pre-history until 11,000 B.C., domestication of wild crops and animals in different parts of the world, the rates of spread of food production in different parts of the world, the evolution of livestock-related germs, the development of writing in different parts of the world, the development of various technologies in different parts of the world, the development of government and organized religion in different parts of the world, the histories of Australia and New Guinea, the history of East Asia, the history of Austronesian expansion, the history ofAfrica, and a comparative history of the Americans and Eurasia. While writing books like this can always be politically touchy, there is much science in this book, and much the reader can take away concerning about how our world ended up the way it did.
0553106635|5.0|Storm of Swords is a great addition to this series. Martin risks driving his readers away by killing off central characters, but doing so is true to the story he's telling.<br />In Storm of Swords, the rebellion in the seven kingdoms is gradually winding down as the various kings die--some mysteriously and magically. North of the wall, both human and non-human enemies of all of the kingdoms are growing stronger while the kingdoms remain focussed only on their internal struggles. The Black Watch seems unlikely to hold the wall.<br />Martin continues his style of tracking a number of characters, giving each a chapter, then leaving them hanging. He introduces several new point-of-view characters including Jaime the Kingslayer, and returns several favorites.<br />Daenerys Targaryen, in particular, has matured nicely as a character. She now has personal motives beyond merely becoming queen because she is the last Targaryen, and is developing leadership skills and the ability to make hard decisions. The Stark children remain strangely underdeveloped given that they have been central characters throughout this series. Possibly they will be fully fleshed out in the fourth book in the series.<br />At 900+ pages, the book is daunting--but I still found it hard to put down and finished in two days.  I don't buy many books in hardback but this is a steal.
0838577016|5.0|This book provides a comprehensive overview of neurobiology. While it originated as 65 lectures given by faculty at the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Columbia University, it is very readable, and may be suitable for the motivated general reader.
B00003CXDG|3.0|This movie was a visually stunning, exciting watch. No, it's not a Citizen Kane, but it's a fun and exciting Mission: Impossible. Don't listen to those here who say it was unwatchable, that's just plain ridiculous. I get bored very easily with bad movies, but this one just isn't boring, but lots of fun. MI1 was better IMO, but this one is good. Recommended.
0679879269|5.0|I personally liked this book a lot. There are other books of his that I liked more, like Tiger in the Well, The Golden Compass, and most all of his childrens books. I thought overall it was a well written book, I had problems with the last chapter, it seemed a little over done in some ways, but it took me like two seconds to get through the entire thing. I think that if you read the first two books with your children, then this a perfectly fine book to read with them now. I personally believe that Pullman just wanted to have a big bang to his ending, so how can you get the biggest bang but to go up against God. I don't believe that this book was meant to be anti-christan in anyway. I personally think that you should read it and make up your own mind, instead of listening to what people have been saying in these reviews so far.
B000002UAC|5.0|It's easy to overlook With The Beatles these days. Since the release of the Beatle's work on compact disc, the music presented here becomes a sort of minor collection of less-than-crucial music.<br />What's forgotten is that in it's slightly repackaged U.S. album form, &quot;Meet The Beatles,&quot; this was the record that made it all happen in the States. The music of Please Please Me wouldn't be readily available in the U.S. until Capitol Records released &quot;The Early Beatles&quot; late in 1964. <br />It was these songs that I heard when my mom bought the album (as soon as it was available). Songs like &quot;It Won't Be Long,&quot; &quot;All I've Got To Do,&quot; and &quot;All My Loving,&quot; came tumbling out of our cheap tabletop record player and into my mind, permanently re-wiring me musically. I now believe these songs are somehow directly linked to my DNA. <br />If you're over 40, this disc will make you smile, and if you're under 40, it'll do the same for you!
6301966988|4.0|I saw this movie on a first date 10 years ago.  I had no idea that the movie was going to wind up changing the way I looked at life, death and relationships.  As contrived as some people found it, I thought it to be poignant and heartwrenching.  I have been very careful in my relationships with loved ones to be sure and tell them, &quot;I Love You&quot;, because as this movie pointed out... You truly never know when the one you love will be yanked mercilessly away  from you.  Most of us will never get a second chance to utter those words once our loved one is gone....  But OH!! Imagine if we did?  I think that is why this movie did so well.  It touched on raw human emotion and basic human need.  It will remain one of my all time favorites.  A bittersweet film that to this day can make me weep.
B000006TRV|2.0|1 great song (Comfortably Numb) and 1 okay song (Another brick in the Wall. I imagine the rest was written during a stay at an insane asylum. Too weird, too annoying. I've been told its great to listen to stoned, unfortunately i'd rather not have to have my senses impaired to enjoy music. You want great Pink Floyd, stick with Dark Side of the Moon or Wish You Were Here.
B00004T37H|4.0|I've seen the Japansese translated, and the english dubbed, and i must say that they did a horrible job translating this Anime.  In japanese it is probably one of the greatest i have seen, but the english was butchered, substituting words so it would have a more North American appear i suppose..one such obvious change was &quot;the great forest god&quot; or whatever he was called in the tranlated, as opposed to &quot;Shinigami,&quot; or god of death, in the japanese....and the term Mononoke isn't even mentioned in teh dubbed version
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|I was waiting for Bjrk to be as perfect as she was in her first album (&quot;Debut&quot;). She finally made it. It was worth the wait. By the way: don't miss the opportunity to listen to the music while watching the movie.
B00003CXAT|5.0|This is a spectacular movie! At the beginning,you'll learn about mosquitos and amber,then you'll see lots of dinosaurs such as Triceratops,Tyrannosaurus Rex,and Velociraptor,but it's a bit scary,so make sure you're not too below eight years old.
B0000048V8|5.0|Most of the reviews you are reading state how wonderful this movie is for kids. I must add that it is a wonderful movie, period. I am thirty-something, with no children, and have enjoyed this movie more and more since discovering it only a few years ago. If you are into top-notch filmaking, animation, and overall great storytelling, this short film is a must for your collection. With a very memorable score by Howard Blake.
0783211856|5.0|Schindlers List is one of the most powerful movies I Have ever seen or bought. This is one movie that I can speak intelligently about. Steven Speilberg(Best Director) does an outstanding and profound job at directing this tale that talks about the manufacturer that saved thousands of lives. right after the big success of Jurassic Park Speilberg manages to put an outstanding cast together including Ralph Fienes and Ben Kingsley. Oskar Schindler(Liam Neeson) puts together a factory for the jews so that way they can work hard and maybe make money at the same time. Meanwhile Arizto (Fiennes) runs his concentration camp right across from Schindlers factory. He does an outstanding job as a mean German Nazi. Killing people from gas chamebers or by his own desire. Ben Kingsley plays Schindlers helper and counter does a profound job. How the General public will take to a three-hour,fifteen minute, black and white epic. This movie is in black and white. This epic anout the holacaust with no major stars is another matter.:George Perry said in his book. Catherine Goodall is Schinlders wife. This movie is a very powerful five star epic on its own. It shows what these people had to go through, but what it felt like people will never understand. An excellent picture. Director:Steven Speilberg Cast: Liam Neeson, Ralph Fiennes, and Ben Kingsley
B000051VWW|1.0|As a long time fan of Sade, I expected to be impressed with her latest CD after the long wait.  Unfortunately, it plays like hip hop would play if it were trying to be a lullaby.  The hum-drum drum beats take away from the other instruments leaving the selections monochromatic.  I couldn't tell when one song finished and another started.  She could have produced a more varied album of her smooth sultry tones which have inspired so many.
0802130208|5.0|Obese, pedantic and hopelessly eccentric, Ignatius J. Reilly stands like Gargantua over all other characters in modern literature. He leads us on a series of his misfit adventures through the French Quarter of New Orleans. Age 30 and living with his mother, he is an over-educated oaf who sits around the house watching TV with disgust and laboriously filling up 'Big Chief' tablets with his reflections on life. His rantings on the world of work, love, religion and other topics leave no one safe from his fiery invective.    His pseudo long-distance relationship with a liberated feminist named Myrna Minkoff reveals his attachment to his mother's apron strings. Stereotypical characterizations of other minor characters give the reader a balanced cornucopia of madness and genius. Comic relief is the order of the day in this brilliant novel. I absolutely loved it!
B00004XOWM|3.0|It has a few very awesome songs, but pretty much it isn't the best. I think 3 dollar bill yall$ is the best album, but this is right next to that 1. The most koolest song is Take A Look Around (MI:2 Theme). I also like Rollin, Getcha Groove On, My Generation, and It'll Be Ok.I hope this helps u in ur decision to buy this album or not.
B00004XONN|5.0|There isn't much to say about Kid A that hasn't been said already--from any position, love it or hate it. However, while not particularly religious, as a fan I am devout, so I'm compelled to throw my two cents in. This is a completely new sound for the band, but still recognizable to fans as sounds only this band could make. They've borne the prog-rock tag for a few years now, and this is the sound of progress. Kid A takes Radiohead into electronica and the results are bizarre, chilly, obtuse, and really quite beautiful. The lyrics are usually barely intelligible and often abstract and not-quite-sensical. The music is full of cold synthesized bleeps and hums. But juxtaposed against all this icy weirdness (which is by no means a bad thing) are moments of simple emotional loveliness, even if they are mostly melancholy (and haven't we come to expect that from Thom by now?). Considering the journey from Pablo Honey to here, there's no denying Radiohead's versatility and ambition. This may just be the sound of the future.
B0000027RL|5.0|I have been a fan of Pearl Jam since I was 14 (I'm now 22). They got me through high school, and I still love them today. The only album of theirs that I don't care for is No Code, but every band has to have an album that not everyone likes. This CD is nothing short of brilliance. If you are a Pearl Jam fan or just a rock fan in general, it's a sin not to have this CD. It is one the greatest albums in rock history. There is not one bad song. My favorites are &quot;Once&quot;, &quot;Alive&quot;, &quot;Black&quot; &quot;Jeremy&quot; and &quot;Garden&quot;. &quot;Black still makes me well up with tears whenever I hear it. To the 5 greatest guys: thanks for the music and as long as you keep making it, I wil still listen.
0684853523|5.0|This book provides a fascinating look into how Stephen King wrote all those creepy novels and how he writes. I've always wondered, like a lot of people, how he comes up with the characters in his novels and the scary scenes and how a twisted imagination works. It's all in the book and more. <br />Anyone who wants to write, whether they be short stories or novels, should read this book. Stephen King began writing stories at a young age and had his fair share of rejections. He took odd jobs, lived through difficult times, but through it all, he continued writing. Unlike other books on the craft of writing, Stephen King does not impose a whole set of rules upon the aspiring writer. He has a few rules of thumb, but that's it. <br />Reading this book liberated me from all those rules and encouraged me to write again. All those excuses not to write, the ones that pop up just as I'm about to hit the writing table, I deal with them by remembering how Stephen King wrote most of his stories and novels. He just sat down, sometimes in a cramped room under not too pleasant conditions, and wrote. Since reading this book three weeks ago, I have one completed short story and the words just keep flowing!
B000002AZ8|5.0|This is a weird one, but it is still worth plenty of listening time. &quot;Better Man&quot; is a classic, as well as &quot;Spin the Black Circle&quot;. &quot;Bugs&quot; is a riot. If you don't have it yet, I recommend getting &quot;Vs&quot; first.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I started liking Limp Bizkit this year after I saw their Take A Look Around video from the soundtrack of Mission Impossible:2 and their latest album, Chocolate Starfish And The Hot Dog Flavored Water. I just wanted to know whether this is a necessity in my CD collection. I must admit that Limp Bizkit does good music but I am not too sure as I'm not yet a die-hard L.B. fan. Give me at least five good reasons to buy the CD and if I find the reasons have enough sense in them, I'll buy it!
B000002BYD|5.0|If you have read any of my other Pearl Jam reviews, they are my favorite band of all time next to The Beatles. This one didn't have too many singles released on it, but it great anyway. &quot;Brain of J&quot; is a typical Pearl Jam song, filled with rock and anger. &quot;Given to Fly&quot; is a great song to listen to if you need a pick-me-up. Another Pearl Jam great.
0783243499|2.0|American Pscyho is the most terrifying novel I have read. It gave me a very disturbing feeling that lasted more than a week. The film, on the other hand, fails to convey such a feeling. I don't know know why, but as i was watching the film,I thought it lacked that sharp and disturbing feeling.
B0000028UK|5.0|The classic follow-up to one if the best albums ever, &quot;Ten&quot;. My personal favorites are &quot;Go&quot;, &quot;W.M.A.&quot;, and &quot;Rearviewmirror&quot;. The fab 5 do it again. Eddie is nothing but brilliant, Stone &amp; Mike play their hearts out as usual, and it shows. Classic.
0767817486|3.0|I watched the film on Tv 5 years ago and it was such an incredible night! After watching the film, as a Turk, I was there facing one of the most notorious films and i was just smiling, because it was just a film and nothing else. It is true..Turkey is not that democratic a country and we stil have problems. It is not easy to progress.There are lots of obstacles to get over. But it is also true that films just deviate from the truth..so the film is just an adaptation of the truth. And at that time, it was Oliver Stone's and Alan Parker's adaptation and comment. I don't think they have never cared about Turkey and its democracy. I don't even think they know where Turkey is. That's why it is very understandable. I don't really see the point what's so wonderful about the film. Prisons are bad places and nobody can claim the reverse. Turkish prisons are bad places just like american, greek, armenian, russian prisons. You turn the tv on and watch israelis kill palestinians, watch the cops beat black men in South africa, watch the racist people in america. It is not fiction. It is real. So if anyone claims this film represents the truth, I recommend them watch tv and see the real Midnight express. Better than Alan Parker's adaptation!
B00000K32J|1.0|The Ego has landed - on his face. Flatleys posturing, costumes, makeup and the name &quot;Feet of Flames&quot; are ludicrous, completely laughable. It would have been better called Dance of the Dork.
B0000009S3|5.0|this album, in addition to a pretty cool cover, has some great music.  good blend of rock, jazz, funk - definitely an album you want to listen to many times.  i especially like the first track, &quot;peaches en regalia,&quot; for its 'jazz standard gone silly' feel, and the gumbo variations which is a long, drawn out, and all around phat jam.
B000003N8R|5.0|I have so much John Coltrane Material.I just dig his Sound&amp;Band.this is a Favorite in a long long list of his stuff.Crescent hits you deep.the whole playing&amp;vibe really has a voice all of it's own.that's the Honesty&amp;Beauty of his playing.like a day like this for me it's Rainy&amp;this set is really striking a Chord with me.very essential collection here.
B00004XONN|5.0|Knowing little of Radiohead, but desperate for something new, I got a hold of this disc.  Quite simply, this is a brilliant album.  I wouldn't go as far as to say this will reinvent Western Civilization, change pop music, etc., but this is a highly original, thought-provoking musical voyage. If you're looking for easy music, this is probably not for you, but if you're willing to be slightly challenged (come on, this is not really that experimental), give this a chance. I guarantee that you will be enraptured by the third listen. It's always so nice to find something new in the tired world of pop music and this album is just that.
0790750627|5.0|This is by far the most purely entertaining of Hitchcock's movies, at least of the ones I've seen. \\"Psycho\\", while otherwise engrossing, gets bogged down mightily during its middle third. \\"Vertigo\\" is long and a touch ponderous. \\"The Birds\\" has flashes of kinetic energy, and then a lot of dreariness. \\"North by Northwest\\", however, is a complete thriller. Or rather, a Complete Thriller. It never makes any pretensions towards grand statements -- although there is a minor note spoken about the Cold War -- preferring to let its bullet-train of a plot lead the way.<br />The opening credits are again done wonderfully by Saul Bass, underscored by Bernard Herrmann, whose music is the sheer definition of \\"Hitchcockian\\" -- melodramatic and menacing in all the right parts. And barely a minute after the credits end, Roger Thornhill is in up to his ears after a brilliant little bit of confusion. Forget about character development and motivation, Hitchcock seems to be saying, let's get this story going. And it never lets up until the glorious end, where it finishes up as quick and neatly as it started. It's a wonderful ride.<br />All the actors are suitably fun in their parts. Eva Marie Sainte is great as the love interest. It's unfair to classify her as the prototype of the 'Bond girl'. She has too much of a head on her shoulders for that tag (although when talking of her sex appeal it's appropriate). James Mason uses that distinctive voice of his to bring both charm and menace to his role as the villain. And Cary Grant, as Thornhill, is just too cool for school! He delivers the tight, Ernest Lehman-penned script as if he always has a cocktail in one hand and a beautiful woman in the other. And the deeper into the Thornhill's mess he gets, the more fun he seems to be having. The scene where he calls for a valet to clean his suit is the clincher; it strikes me as Hitchcock having some devilish fun with us. For Grant, even after being sprayed by a crop-duster in a cornfield or scaling the faces on Mt. Rushmore, doesn't ever need his suit cleaned. He is never less than dapper and debonair. And that's part of the fun of the movie. It's a big cartoon with cartoon-sized settings, a cartoon-style plot, and cartoon characters running around and chasing each other.  Fun!
B00004XOWM|1.0|Tedious. Haven't we already seen this all before?
B0000524CY|5.0|I saw the added footage version of the Exorcist in the theatres for the sole reason that I had always wanted to see it on the big screen.  I was skeptical at first thinking that when they cut out scenes from a movie it is usually for a good reason.  I must say though that the re-released version of the Exorcist is truely frightening and dare I say even better then the original.  The added scenes re-established the Exorcist's placement on the top of all horror movie lists.  After all this film is a classic horror movie with creeping suspense, wonderful makeup effects (done by the ever so wonderful Dick Smith) and deeper sense of meaning then just a horror movie.  The Exorcist is one of those movies that defines the horror film genre.  I think what makes it so good is that while it uses make up and special effects in the movie it does not rely on them for popularity.  The story of the Exorcist is simply frightening and when you are done watching it ou are scared because it leaves you with this terrible menacing feeling that it is real.  The bonus footage simply ads to the movies depth and richness.  I certainly plan to pick this up on DVD when it comes out because of the added footage.  I recommend that all horror fans check this out because it is really fantastic.
6305537313|5.0|Breakfast at Tiffany's has been my favorite movie for a very long time. . .long before I even knew what a DVD was.  Audrey Hepburn is breathtaking and delightful in her performance of Holly Golightly.  The story is one of human relations, and one woman's struggle to face her greatest fear--herself.  Holly must realize that it's not the rest of the world that's keeping her down, she's doing it all on her own.  And who better to help her figure that out than her charming and witty upstairs neighbor Paul (George Peppard)?  I didn't think the film could be improved in any way, but the DVD is awesome.  The picture quality is ten times better, as is the sound.  And of course you get all wonderful extras that usually come with the DVD packages.  This is an excellent introduction into both the world of Audrey Hepburn, and the world of DVD.
B00004T9UF|5.0|No doubt, you realize this is going to be offensive.  I was, quite simply, in shock the first time I heard this.<br />Then, bracing myself, I listened to it again, and...  It ruled.<br />It's actually a fairly intelligent look at the world of today.  The message:  Society is not a product of Eminem, Eminem is a product of society.  If you think he's obscene and offensive, and the world he shows shouldn't be the way it is, what are you doing to make it a better world?<br />As he states in 'the real slim shady', what's the world going to be like if 19 million people grow up just like him?  And we all have a little Slim Shady inside us.<br />'Who knew' is also a similiar comment.  While it is somewhat lame to claim that he never expected anyone to take him seriously, there's still an element of truth to it.<br />'Steve Berman' is absolutely hilarious.  Eminem gets chewed out by a record exec because he's rapping about 'homosexuals and vicodin' and Steve (the exec) is having some difficulties selling this concept to the record chains.  To put it mildly. <br />And Stan is a personal favorite of mine.  Not because I like Dido, but because it is a look at what it's like to be 20 or so years old and speaking for a slice of a generation.  You really have to wonder what the pressure of being that important to people would do to you.<br />And of course, it's always a pleasure to listen to someone slam Britney Spears and NSync.  Watered down trash.<br />It's a bit lame to listen to Eminem compain about being famous and how the fans make life so difficult.  He's taking the money, and you get the good with the bad.<br />Oh yea, by the way, it's also a bunch of good solid jams.  It's not a whiny political album that sucks, it's one that you can listen to and enjoy.  Preferably at very high volume.  Circling the parking lot with your unit up and one finger on each hand up is optional, but does work.
B000000WJZ|5.0|Once you begin listening to this album, you will quickly realise just how much better it is than any other Album ever to exist. Every song on this album is absolutely superb. Its the kind of album you can listen to day in day out for the rest of your life. Its hard to pick a best song from it as they are all fantastic. In my opinion this and Mellon Chollie and the infinite sadness (also by the smahing pumpkins) are the best albums ever created by anyone. After hearing this album you will very quickly realise why the smashing pumpkins are one of the most loved bands in the world!
B000053VAF|3.0|I recommend this for renting.  The DVD has decent picture and sound quality.  There are no super special extras, but for some strange commercial reason there's an additional trailer for another film.  There is also a small print film bio on the film's large principal cast.  Get you bifocals ready.<br />Basically an okay film, but busy, busy, busy.   Lots of scenes in lots of places.  Lots of dialogue in each scene.  Each scene contains crucial bits of information.  There are even characters who don't/can't talk...and they're important for the scenes they're in.  The film has numerous biblical (essentially Catholic) references which may be lost on the casual churchgoer.  The cast is large with some actors (Garafola) relegated to essentially one scene.  There are no real plot twists, but the talking goes on and on and on in an effort to explain the plot rather than...acting perhaps...  Pointless killings including stabbings, shootings and the obligatory exploding head, are sprinkled through the film...for what?  The language is foul and the feces monster is just unnecessary.  <br />Affleck and Damon really have great screen chemistry which makes their final scenes together unbelievable.  Alan Rickman is funny, Chris Rock is not...go figure.  Curvy Salma Hayek shakes her &quot;groove thang&quot; then is saddled with biblo-babble, which she pulls off with some grace.  Again, an okay flick, but you may want to rent the DVD rather than buy.
6305342776|4.0|As others have mentioned, this is a flawed film.  It really tries to be too many things to too many people.  On one hand, it's got that great &quot;Disney&quot; live-action feel--a similar classic sci-fi plot and mood as found in their great 1954 film version of &quot;20,000 Leagues Under the Sea&quot;.  It also tries to appeal to the Star Wars crowd, with great fx laser battles, and (unsuccessfully)&quot;cute&quot; robots.  At the same time, it gives us a &quot;2001&quot; type ending, heavy on symbolism.  <br />I was looking for a great space movie for my first DVD player, and I was very satisfied with this one.  Despite the flaws, this movie has fantastic atmosphere--enhanced by the combination of awe-inspiring FX and a magnificent John Barry score.  Even with the clunky dialogue and overly cute robots, this movie really captures the awe and wonder that a great sci-fi movie should.  If this movie failed in some respects, at least it failed in the attempt of greatness in the best tradition of classic sci-fi, which cannot be said about most sci-fi movies out today.  The picture and sound of this DVD are awesome--this is the kind of movie that makes you really appreciate DVD technology.
0679879269|5.0|Wow.  I loved this book.  Read it, buy it, treasure it forever, because that's what it is, a treasure.  Each book in this series is, in fact, such a treasure.<br />When I first read The Golden Compass, I had no idea what I was getting into.  When I finished, it was all I could do to contain myself before getting my hands on and devouring The Subtle Knife.  And now here is The Amber Spyglass, which takes everything the reader learned and gathered and hoped and wished about with Lyra - and then Will - in the first two books, and ties them all together.  Such a satisfying end I could not have hoped for, or predicted!  I wish I could shake Philip Pullman's hand.  I wish i could tell him what a gift these books are!  How many times I am going to read and re-read them i can't tell, but it will definately be numerous.<br />And to to those of you who are getting all upset about the underlying christian message, etc.etc...  why can't you have open minds?  Everyone is entitled to their opinion, of course - it's just too bad that sometimes it prevents people from enjoying things like this book.  And the sad thing is, those people will never be able to read this great book whole-heartedly.<br />The Amber Spyglass made me laugh, cry, gasp, hold my breath, and, when i'd finally finished, realise that this was the perfect beautiful, sad, and above all, -right- ending to one of my favorite book series ever (no matter how much i wish it didn't have to end).
B00004Y6O9|5.0|THE VERY FIRST CD AND THE VERY BEST CD BY VAN HALEN IN THE ROTH ERA.EVERY TIME I HEAR THIS CLASSIC IT MAKE ME FEEL GOOD.I LIKE EVERY SONG ON THIS CD.I REMEMBER SEEING VAN HALEN OPEN UP FOR BLACK SABBATH IN 1978 AND I KNEW THEN THAT THEY WERE SOMETHING SPECIAL.THIS WAS CRUISIN MUSIC FOR ME.RUNNING WITH THE DEVIL,WHAT A GREAT WAY TO OPEN UP A CD WITH A BANG.JUST NO LETDOWN.GREAT VERSION OF THE KINKS YOU REALLY GOT ME.IN 78 IT JUST DIDN`T SEEM LIKE ANYONE WAS BETTER THAN VANHALEN.LETS JUST HOPE THAT ROTH COMES BACK AND WE CAN START THE PARTY AGAIN.IF YOU DON`T HAVE THIS,BUY IT FAST AND CRANK IT UP.
B00004XQ8H|5.0|As one record reviewer put it: &quot;It was a voice unlike any other.&quot;  Indeed, for sheer vocal beauty no one matches Lisa della Casa, and a quick sampling of this disc's contents will demonstrate why Strauss himself identified her as his ideal Arabella.  The voice's glory was its upper register: full, free, intensely colored, and exciting.  But she had other gifts: superlative breath control (amazing in this music), naturalness of utterance, and perfect diction.  Her tone quality suggests restrained emotion, and although she is Swiss, I can think of no singer who evokes Viennese elegance better.  I like lots of singers past and present, and I admire many, but I worship this voice. If the house were on fire, I'd grab this CD before jumping out the window. <br />Although the Boehm-led 'Four Last Songs' are a classic performance, I find they are my least favorite part of this recording.  Boehm's tempos are a little fast and della Casa, for all her beauty, sounds disengaged.  But from then on she is matchless.  The 'Arabella' duets are stunning, both for the singer's high level of vocal accomplishment and her ability to convey the character's changing moods.  She sounds so genuine and unaffected and the voice is so gorgeous that I find myself drawn into the drama as with no other singer.  She has good partners in Gueden and Schoeffler, but Poell brays relentlessly.  Her rendition of the passage beginning &quot;Und du wirst mein Gebieter sein&quot; is my number one tear-inducing moment in all of recorded history.  The 'Ariadne' aria is nicely sung, although she was even better a few years later for EMI/Testament.  The 'Capriccio' final scene is ravishing from beginning to end, with della Casa's voice soaring gloriously above the Vienna Philharmonic's lush carpet of sound.  For once you will see the moonlight shimmer during the orchestral interlude.  It's almost too rich and delicious, like Sachertorte for breakfast.  <br />Decca's remastering brings the singer forward and gives the orchestra more presence, but am I the only one who misses some high frequencies as a result?  Although there are some terrific Strauss sopranos around these days, no one should be without della Casa.  She DEFINES Strauss singing.  Don't deny yourself this superlative musical experience.
078401020X|4.0|At the time when Basic Instinct was released, it was nearly controversial. Censorship had cut out some 'offensive' scenes, let some other, much more explicit scenes stay in the movie, and once again reached the result that censorship always leads to: Much more talk about the movie, and many more people rushing to the theaters, than if censorship had just let the movie be.<br />Today, we've seen it all. Nude actresses (and actors!) is the rule rather than the exception to the rule. However, Basic Instinct remains a catching movie! Not because of the so-called explicity. No, it's more the story, really. The structure. The suspense. The mystery.<br />I must have seen it 10 or 15 times by now, and I still haven't figured out for sure who the killer actually is! This is not due to an unclear writing of the script, in contrary, I think that's exactly what the makers want us viewers to wonder about.<br />Basic Instinct is a brilliant thriller. So don't watch it just for the sex, 'cause there's much much more to it than that!
0553106635|5.0|I just finished it and this book was worth every page. Recently I've been pretty disappointed by series fantasy books. Notably the Wheel of Time series which initially showed such great imagination but lapsed into serious inaction by the main characters in the last few installments.<br />Not so with the Fire and Ice series. The characters act, they don't just travel, there are countless twists that generally are believable once the facts are revealed. There are compelling characters that prevail and perish.<br />This series is very light on magical elements but it doesn't suffer from that. Buy all three now!!!
B00004Y62T|2.0|The Talented Mr. Ripley (Anthony Minghella, 1999)<br /><br />Anyone who goes into this thinking Anthony Minghella is god and can do no wrong isn't thinking too far past The English Patient (two words: Mr. Wonderful). Ripley suffers from many of the same shortcomings as Patient did, but it also has many of that film's strengths, as well, and it's backed by a classic mystery novel. So it can't be all bad, right?<br /><br />Right. Unfortunately, it can't be as good as it should have been, given the considerable depth of talent herein.<br /><br />Minghella should be counting one blessing, that his film doesn't have to stand up to the scrutiny of the earlier film based on this novel, Purple Noon (1960). So few people have seen it that Minghella was capable of starting fresh, with an extremely strong cast, a decent script, and a directorial hand that lends itself to the slow-moving and sumptuous. Large, sweeping landscapes and perfectly-blended colors were one of the thigns that made The English Patient such a delight to watch, and they do the same here. But the pace of Patient was slower and easier, as a drama should be compared to a mystery, and the Fiennes-Thomas tension was allowed to build and ebb. There's no real chemistry here between any of the characters, save towards the end, as Tom (Matt Damon) and Peter (Jack Davenport, last seen as the dashing male lead in the extremely underrated Ultraviolet) get to know one another better. We find ourselves wondering where the tension is supposed to be coming from, and ultimately, there isn't any; it just exists, and continues to exist perhaps long after it should, as Minghella spends forty-five minutes cleaning up loose ends. (To give credit where credit is due, however, the movie's final scene is masterful.) The characters are well-played, but they seem to be operating in separate vacuums.<br /><br />Special mention should be given to one thing, however. The PR team did a fantastic job with this. The trailer for the film edited a key scene (&quot;you're shivering, Marge...&quot;) in such a way as to make it stupidly unwatchable, thus lowering the expectations of the filmgoers. So most people probably went into it thinking &quot;god, I hope the whole film isn't as bad as that scene.&quot; Well, that scene isn't as bad as that scene, actually, and that was a pleasant surprise. **edited a key scene (&quot;you're shivering, Marge...&quot;) in such a way as to make it stupidly unwatchable, thus lowering the expectations of the filmgoers. So most people probably went into it thinking &quot;god, I hope the whole film isn't as bad as that scene.&quot; Well, that scene isn't as bad as that scene, actually, and that was a pleasant surprise. **
B000000OPU|5.0|Even after almost 15 years, this CD is stil my favorite. There were 2-3 songs from this CD alone that a former girlfriend and I considered &quot;ours&quot;. Even though those times were long ago, all it takes is a few lines of &quot;In Your Eyes&quot; or &quot;Don't Give Up&quot;, and I am taken immediately back 10 years. It is a wonderful CD and it will &quot;always&quot; affect me when I hear it...
6302794331|5.0|I love Christmas movies.  I love the kindness, and love, and warmth in these movies, even if they aren't about Jesus Christ.  It helps to show that people can be good, and kind, and caring.  That's what the whole season is about, to my mind. Christmas movies show us that.  And this is a great movie, because it is very much a perfect Christmas movie.  The songs are absolutely perfect (&quot;It Feels Like Christmas&quot; is probably one of my favorite Christmas songs now), the acting (both human and puppet) is great, and the story is very true to the actual novel by Dickens.  The dialogue is both funny and touching, and it makes a lot of points that you both wouldn't expect in a Muppet movie, and wouldn't see the first time around.  In short, this is a great movie that gets better every time you watch it.  So watch it, and watch it...
0780631684|2.0|Forget terror, this movie had me more afraid that I may hurt myself laughing than concerned about the fate of the characters. After a very smart opening, the movie spirals into one obsurdity after another. If you're looking to be scared, forget it. However, if you want to laugh, not just at the movie, but the fact that someone actually sat down to write this, then see the movie. The only scary thing about it is that it took three people to come up with this drivel. I gave the movie two stars because humor is not deliberate. It has to take you by surprise. And if the filmakers meant for this movie to be funny they certainly did a good job.
B00004S8Q9|5.0|This CD is awesome. The best Badlands put out. Healer is an awesome opener. Sun Red Sun, I think is the best song Badlands ever did. Tribal Moon is my favorite. The Fire Lasts Forever, Dog, Fat Cat, and Ride The Jack are all good too. You owe it too yourself to get this one.
B00001NFCY|5.0|This new record that Creed has put out is truly amazing! They have grown so much as a band. They are getting more into the music now that they have had their success on My own Prison. They seemed more confident in the music and it really shows up on this  record. I can go through all the tracks on this cd with out skipping one. I have heard an overall of 5 songs on Human Clay on the radio. They are great in concert and really put on a good show. Scoot Stapps influences on this cd range from Eddie Vedder to Jim Morrison like vocals. And their musical influences are Pearl Jam, Alice in Chains, and even alittle Mettalica and Deftones.
B00000DGUM|4.0|40 Seasons is  good, in my head but is missing Wasted Time and In A Darkened Room. And something from the EP would have been good. The &quot;remix&quot; versions of My Enemy, Into Another, Breakin' Down sound identical to the regular version, and Frozen demo is a 100 times better than the version on Subhuman Race. Beat Yourself Blind is awesome live but doesn't get too much response from the fans and oh, what a coincidence that at the end, it says &quot;Mr. Rachel Bolan&quot;. This is really Bolan picking out songs that make him look good. This is the last of the almighty original Skid Row, so get it.
B00000I07Q|4.0|How do you follow up an album like Slippery When Wet? Well, frankly, just like this! While New Jersey didn't quite make the big splash that Slippery did it certainly still made a big &quot;wave&quot; in the hair-rock world! Slippery would have been the perfect cd if it would have replaced some of its songs with ones like &quot;Bad Medicine&quot;, &quot;Lay Your Hands on Me&quot;, or &quot;Stick to Your Guns&quot;. All of these are great rock songs especially &quot;Bad Medicine&quot;. This cd relies more on the voices of the group and less on the, not so inconsiderable, guitar playing of Richie Sambora, this is what makes this cd different than Slippery. &quot;Bad Medicine&quot; I guess is the &quot;You Give Love a Bad Name&quot; song for NJ, and &quot;Lay Your Hands on Me&quot; is the &quot;Let it Rock&quot; song of NJ. So I guess, in a way, it still highly resembles Slippery, but why shouldn't it? I mean, Slippery was one of the best rock albums of the '80's, so why not try to repeat the formula that made that album? You could argue all day about how different and alike the 2 albums are but still one thing is definately agreeable; both are awesome! &quot;Bad Medicine&quot; has great lyrics, guitars, drums, and vocals. &quot;Lay Your Hands on Me&quot;, while not the best song in terms of lyrics is still a powerful rock song. &quot;Blood on Blood&quot; is a great song and a great anthem to any guy teen group. &quot;Born to be my Baby&quot;, Living in Sin&quot;, &quot;Wild is the Wind&quot; are all wonderful rock songs too. &quot;I'll be There for You&quot; is not the best rock ballad out there, or even Jovi's greatest, but it's still good. &quot;Love for Sale&quot; is different and funny, that is what makes that song work. &quot;99 in the Shade&quot;, although it has a strange tune is good too. I think this album represents the versatility of Bon Jovi, not only in the songs, but in the style of music. Several songs on this cd are nothing like any of their previous orlater cds. You can really tell though that Jon and Richie both find their voices in this one too. Their vocals were mixed very well with the music. Although this isn't their best, with Slippery still being #1,in my opinion, NJ is a close second. In closing I'll say this; I can't find enough great things to say about Bon Jovi (the man and the group) their songs, lyrics, guitars, drums, voices, and talent are all top notch stuff, and New Jersey mixes all of their great talent together into one cd. So, if you're an '80's &quot;hair-rock&quot; music fan, buy it! if your a Bon Jovi fan you should already have it! If you're just a fan of great rock in general, you should buy it. Frankly, New Jersey and Slippery When Wet make a magnificent team! So put them in a cd player and play both of them back to back... the way it should be!
B00000IMTF|5.0|One of the many tragedies of Cozy Powell's car-crash death last year was learning that his real name was Colin.  'Colin' doesn't seem appropriate to this heavy, mystical tour-de-force.<br />This is the second re-mastered CD version of the album I have bought.  The stunning opening track, 'Tarot Woman', is 6:08 minutes on the earlier, but only 5:58 on this, the more recent and rather better version.  Where have those ten seconds been lost?  On the first CD, Don Airey's synth opening hangs in the air for an extra bar or so before Blackmore's riff invades -- not like the original LP at all.  On this, the timing of the original LP is restored.<br />There is nothing that I can add to the enthralled reviews here.  This is the Rainbow album to get.  'Tarot Woman' and 'Stargazer' are the stand-out tracks.  This is Blackmore's best album outside the Deep Purple catalogue.
B000020617|5.0|I just recently picked up this CD. I love it. I don't buy CD's very much but the song &quot;Breakout&quot; made me want to get this one. The music's great and so are the lyrics. The song &quot;Breakout&quot; is fast and energetic and makes me want to scream the lyrics out loud. &quot;Generator&quot; is another great song in which I love mecause of the melody and guitar.  &quot;Aurora&quot; is a nice slow one and it's wonderful when I am tired or at anytime. I love the lyrics to that song. &quot;Next Year&quot; is another slow one but it's got a wonderful, happy, melody. &quot;Headwires&quot; is my 2nd favorite right under &quot;Generator&quot;. The whole song is great but I especially like the chorus. All of the other songs on this CD are wonderful, too. I bought this CD not knowing if I was going to like it or not but it is excellent. I highly recommend this CD to anyone who like energetic or mellow rock.
0790729628|2.0|I fail to see how so many people enjoy this movie so much.  Yes, the visuals are stunning (especially for early 80s fx) and the concept is interesting, but the plot is paper-thin and utterly predictable, there is no suspense to be found anywhere, and the Vangelis soundtrack is intrusive, inappropriate, and tacky.  The wonderfully talented Harrison Ford gives as good a performance as the &quot;look exhausted, now look scared, now look exhausted again&quot; direction allows, but are we really supposed to believe that he'd fall for an utterly unattractive Sean Young?  A lot of people here have mentioned that the original cut is superior to this version, and perhaps it is, but unless the plot is dramatically different and the score is not present, I won't be watching it.
B000020617|5.0|I just recently picked up this CD. I love it. I don't buy CD's very much but the song &quot;Breakout&quot; made me want to get this one. The music's great and so are the lyrics. The song &quot;Breakout&quot; is fast and energetic and makes me want to scream the lyrics out loud. &quot;Generator&quot; is another great song in which I love because of the melody and guitar.  &quot;Aurora&quot; is a nice slow one and it's wonderful when I am tired or at anytime. I love the lyrics to that song. &quot;Next Year&quot; is another slow one but it's got a wonderful, happy, melody. &quot;Headwires&quot; is my 2nd favorite right under &quot;Generator&quot;. The whole song is great but I especially like the chorus. All of the other songs on this CD are wonderful, too. I bought this CD not knowing if I was going to like it or not but it is excellent. I highly recommend this CD to anyone who like energetic or mellow rock.
B000002OOY|5.0|It is not very often that music can give me goosebumps of fear,  but there are tracks on this cd that can and do. Williams is capable of doing just that, as he also proved with his 'Jaws' soundtrack. His music paints pictures just as good as any old master. Even for someone who has never seen the movie, with this soundtrack, they would have a pretty good idea of the story. Highly recommended.
0060922583|5.0|One of the top three non-fiction books I have read. This book is clear, concise, and to the point. Regretably, it ends. This book altered my conception of reality nearly to the extent of a controlled LSD experiment. Talbot's explanation of the universe resonates with a subconcious level of awareness just below our mundane perception. There are occurences in this book (yes, they are documented) that stagger the the human imagination. May you R.I.P. David.
B000001DQI|5.0|I am quite sure that no true Elton John fan is without this album. Chock full of great songs, it's the essential Elton album. Not only is Elton a great piano player, singer and composer, but Bernie Taupin sure does have a way with lyrics, and I'm quite sure that he's raised more than a few eyebrows with some of his unusual ones, like 'All the Girls love Alice', which is about a 16 year old lesbian. The first time I heard it, I thought maybe my ears were playing tricks on me, that it couldn't be...but then I read the lyrics. And then there's 'Sweet Painted Lady' a story about a prostitute. But really, when you think of it, lyrics like these are really nothing new. Take Cole Porter for instance. And his 'Love for Sale'. It's suprising he got away with such lyrics back in the staid 30's and 40's. But I really recommend this album. There's a great variety of songs, from upbeat rockers to lovely ballads. And if your old grandma complains about some of the 'raunchy' lyrics, just refer her to Cole Porter. She will bite her tongue.
B000001EKX|5.0|For some reason KISS's sophomore effort is over-looked in the annals of rock's wildest band. Granted, it sold nothing but, there are a plethora of great songs here. From standbys like &quot;Got To Choose,&quot; &quot;Hotter Than Hell&quot; and &quot;Parasite&quot; to lost gems like &quot;All the Way&quot; and &quot;Coming Home,&quot; &quot;Hotter Than Hell&quot; delivers the goods as well as any KISS album. Yes, the productions values were still atrocious but these songs are solid and this album has a heavier vibe than its predecessor. Truly an over-looked record and one worth listening to. Probably more enjoyable than the first record, although the songs aren't as 'classic.'
0684853523|4.0|While giving us a no-holds-barred lesson on what it takes to be a good writer, Stephen King also weaves the story of his life into this remarkable book. Complete with a reading list, this book will be a useful resource for the aspiring writer for years to come. Some simple rules are put forth: &quot;If you don't have time to read, you don't have the time or the tools to write&quot; and &quot;Put your desk in the corner, and every time you sit down there to write, remind yourself why it isn't in the middle of the room. Life isn't a support-system for art. It's the other way around.&quot;<br />Like one of his fiction novels, this book keeps you running from page to page. It begins with a fascinating account of Mr. King's childhood, and before you know it, you're in the middle of &quot;how to write.&quot; At the end, after we are quite firmly on the hook, we get the lesson on editing. Ruthless editing. Mr. King shows us how to follow the 10% rule, that is, 2nd draft = 1st draft - 10%. We are given the detailed explanation for each of the editing changes, and it serves to drive home each of the clear lessons given throughout the book. It is an excellent summary section, and one that can serve as an example for any writer (or editor). In short, a necessary addition to an bookshelf.
006092988X|5.0|As I read this book, I felt a mental change occuring and as I'm only 13, I didn't know what to expect from this story which my mother so highly recommended. But the story of young Francie touched and affected me so deeply, I felt her pain, sorrow, and triumph. Through all hardships and heartbreaks, Francie and Neeley endure and survive in their threadbare world, which in itself is admirable. This book struck a nerve in me that has changed my image of life drastically. Now the grass seems greener, the sky bluer, and suddenly it is as if someone held a candle up in front of me. The world is more distinct, and I appreciate the little things. I recommend this book to anyone that loves to read, it is truly a wonderful book!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Too many people we know have said they want this album, but 'shouldn't' get it because there's nothing new about it.<br />If you're a Beatles fan, and/or you belong to the Baby Boomer generation, this is another Beatles album you must add to your collection (of Beatles music or nostalgic tunes).<br />Unless you mix your own CD's, this is a great way to have the most popular Beatles songs from the beginning of their reign all there for you, ready to enjoy.  We have the blue and red albums, but want to add this one too. The songs we really long to listen to are all on this one, the sound is clearer and crisper than on the originals.<br />So, go ahead and treat yourself and a friend.  Enjoy!
B00004SCY9|3.0|Quite an interesting mix of musical styles. In particular, the track &quot;Indigo&quot; is a pop classic--nonsensical lyrics delivered with absolute confidence, and musical hooks that quickly fasten this song firmly to your brain stem.
B00003CWL6|5.0|To me, this audacious work of art was a kind of &quot;State of the Union Address&quot; for society at large. It contains the everyday, ordinary career Jones, the right wing family, the conservative gay couple, the frigid female, youth in three distinct varieties. All of the characters &quot;could&quot; exist, alone perhaps, but the combination here is obviously surreal, barely believeable, but somehow perfectly palatable. Together they symbolically express America's current state of travail, from the breakdown of the family to the criminalization of marijuana to the dread, morbid fear that it is not just them, but us too, who are &quot;ordinary&quot;.<br />I loved this film, it was always implying devastatingly useful insights -- but gently, so that one was more likely to draw from it friendly insights that agree with one's point of view. It combines outlooks from both sides of the political spectrum, and somehow I fear it might be difficult for conservatives to swallow. I think Spacey's &quot;Pay it Forward&quot; was much more simplistic -- maybe he was afraid that he confused us too much with &quot;American Beauty&quot; and wanted to backpedal a bit. I certainly hope we were not confused by American Beauty. This isn't a movie just for us ethical philosophers, liberals, and recreational drug users. I think every American should watch it and draw their own conclusions.<br />On a final note, the sound track was excellent, the theme music haunting yet friendly. I watched the credits just to listen to it at length. See this movie!
B00004TWZF|5.0|This is the kind of a movie that you will continue thinking of several days after you have seen it. I saw it 2 weeks ago and it still on my mind. Exceptional Movie.
B000051VWW|4.0|This album is a fantastic album from someone who never should have stopped making albums. It is wonderful to hear her voice again. This album is beautiful and sad at the same time. &quot;By your side&quot; is the best song on the album by far, however &quot;King of Sorrow&quot; may bring tears to your eyes.
B00003CXE7|5.0|If you`re looking for a great satisfaction in a movie, then you have to collect this DVD.  The sound is so great (with its brandnew DTS ES) you will feel the thrill and the action when those gladiators were fight in the colosseum.  With its special features like the making of Gladiator, interview with the star cast, and also with score mucisian Hans Zimmer, Gladiator DVD provides you the best entertainment in your home.  Feel the thrill and the action of this movie. The story is about a General whose family were killed and himself betrayed by Commodus, the son of emperor MArcus Aurelius.  The General must become slave and the slave must become gladiator who will defied an emperor.  When you`re looking for the movie who will touch your heart then you have to collect this movie, with its special edition 2 discs set DVD you won`t regret it, Gladiator will become the movie that you`d not forget it in your lifetime.
B00003CWN2|3.0|I admit that I did fast forward through the lesbian-sex scene and rape scenes of &quot;Boys Dont Cry.&quot;  I got the point that the two young women were in love and, in the rape scene, that two dark, ignorant rednecks were evil.  I found some of the middle scenes of the flick to be tedious.  If I had been in a theater, I'd have shook my head or gone for a coke during parts.<br />But, the theme was critical:  tolerance.  It came out loud and clear and is a contemporary message important to us all.  I felt a connection with Brandon and sincerely felt her poignant search for what is right.  She states after the torrid love scene outside the factory that &quot;I thought that I had finally figured out who I was.&quot;  Brandon is honestly having a &quot;sexual identity crisis&quot; and pulls the viewer into her plight.  I really questioned parts of my own identity after viewing Brandon's.  <br />Most intriguing is the mother figure in this story.  When first introduced, she is portrayed as a drunk, irresponsible, unemployed &quot;adult.&quot;  But as the plot continues, she unashamedly confronts the soon-to-be murderers about their intentions to attack Brandon (a threat to their manhood and way of life).  These two gooks could easily have &quot;whacked&quot; her also, but she courageously stands her ground.  As this mother, in the final scene, is shown with her arm around the young lover of Brandon (her daughter), I admitted to myself that she was truly the most sane character in the entire cast.  She gently takes her daughter from the murder scene into a quieter place.  She has stayed with her daughter throughout the whole ordeal.  Lying drunk on the couch at 2 am in one of the opening scenes, she NOW has become fully engaged in her daughter's life and future.
B00004W5UA|5.0|&quot;Fight Club&quot; is one of those movies from which you will walk away with a strange feeling in your stomach.  But a good strange.<br />I will not hesitate to say that &quot;Fight Club&quot; is one of the most well-made and most beautiful movies that I have ever seen.  I suppose that it is in the eye of the beholder--many people have told me that the movie was horrible--but I find it hard to believe that anyone could consider this movie to be anything but spectacular.<br />Unlike most girls, I love violent, in-your-face movies, and &quot;Fight Club&quot; was no exception.  I was amazed at the brilliant fight scenes.<br />This is one of those movies that you have to see to believe.  &quot;Fight Club&quot; is one of those underrated films that people will see only for Brad Pitt, but there is so much more to it than that.  If you enjoy complicated, beautiful-but-violent movies, this is perfect for you.
0553579908|5.0|I used to buy novels like this based on # of pages -- find the biggest one in the store &amp; figure the author must have some character depth to continue on for 800+ pages.  The old rule of thumb doesn't apply anymore, does it?  <br />Martin manages to take a bit of a contrarian point of view in this series.  In the second book, he deftly shows his characters through their own lens on reality.  His characters are not simple, and I found myself looking forward to each vignette -- regardless of the focal character (You know how you're normally pining away until the 'interesting' character's plot line comes back around?  You won't feel that here)  <br />This book exceeded both my expectations and (to me) the accomplishments of book 1.  Highly recommended.
B00004YRQA|5.0|ok this is super simple.<br />    you need a ps2 memory card to save ps2 games,you cant save ps2 games to a psx memory card or psx games to a ps2 memory card. if you are playing a ps2 game you need a ps2 memory card.... if you are playing a psx game you need a psx memory card....
B000002UAX|5.0|One of the best albums ever created, up there albums like Led Zeppelin IV, Dark Side of the Moon and Who's Next. This is one of the best beatles albums, there is little arguement on that. But even the best of the beatles' music does not compare with the rolling stones. They are the greatest rock and roll band ever. Yet if you simply compare the stones best songs to the beatles best songs, the beatles will come ahead. The beatles were superior musically and lyrically. But the stones took music to a form different from all previous and all subsequent music. Their music not only told of, but encorporated - life, suffering, love, all human emotions which nearly all of music is lacking. You look at albums like Exile on Main Street. Songs like Lovin' Cup, Let it Loose, and Shine a Light, I am still looking for any beatles song to compare with those. Also songs like, Rocks Off, Happy, Tumbling Dice and All Down the line. I haven't seen any beatles songs with this kind of emotion behind them. And this is only one album! From there, look at albums like Sticky Fingers, Beggars Banquet, Let it Bleed, Goat's Head Soup, Aftermath, all of this was music that the beatles were never capable of writing. And although at times the stones lyrics were without any coherent meaning and their music was falling apart, the shear emotion behind the songs was what makes the stones the greatest rock and roll band ever. Not songs like Satisfaction, Jumpin' Jack Flash, Get off my cloud or Paint it Black. Yes all of these songs were bit hits, but these songs are not what the stones are. If you look behind the hits of the beatles, they have nothing, you look behind the hits of the stones, you see music that will astound you. Just listen to Exile on Main Street several times and you will see.
B00004XOWM|2.0|the follow up to the debut &quot;three dollar bill&quot;, &quot;significant other&quot; was their last album - and it rocked - reason: it was original and they were stupid songs, and lyrics<br />now its their third album and i think fred durst has been on mtv too much - he says hes making original stuff - which he thinks is good - no offense - but the album is lyrically stuffed - the overuse of the &quot;f&quot; word and the none of that silly stuff - like &quot;nookie&quot;, makes this album alot more serious and crap<br />then we move to the music part - the second album originality rocked - such as &quot;9 teen 9 nine&quot;, &quot;n togther now&quot; - but with three chords, they just can be original with remaking &quot;Signifant Other&quot; <br />&quot;hot dog&quot; and &quot;full nelson&quot; are the most hardcore tracks - but they too are clearly intended for popular culture - the overuse of the &quot;f&quot; word and the lyrics.<br />the singles are alright - &quot;rollin'&quot; and &quot;my generation&quot;<br />alot of the album is generally mellow and their is too much slow stuff and its boring<br />the mi2 theme - &quot;take a look around&quot; is the best track<br />the album is a remake of &quot;significant other&quot; - so don't expect too much, and like korn - the once-hardcore band is no more by a commercial band and whose music is best described as &quot; Popular Music Disguised As Rap/Hardcore&quot;<br />so if your a hardcore fan - not those happy kids who want to act hardcore to join in groups - and buy the album - don't expect too much
0140186395|5.0|I enjoyed this book immensely.  The characters were vivid and memorable, almost larger than life but still retaining a realness to them to make them believable.  The tale of seeking to understand oneself and the ways of the world were inspiring to me.  I highly recommend this book.
6304711875|5.0|I first saw this movie after it came out on video. I remember seeing it advertised but i was only 16 when it came out and it looked real scary. so I waited for the video. when i first saw Drew Barrymore in the begging i was a little surprised, this was after all, a horror film and Drew was a big star. The first 15 minuttes were probably the scariest ive ever seen(so far) in a horror film. I was quite shocked that Drew got it and SO violently! it was terrifying. they Writter (Brillant Kevin Williamson) really wanted a good and smart film. i really liked the poking fun at horror movies. excellent writting and acting. good story, nice cameos(Linda Blair, Wes Craven and Fonzy!!) and super suprise ending! i loved the sick touches and horror refrences. the stabing sceen was kind of disrturbing but it was well worth it. There has been so many copys and immitations of this film since its release but it brought back the horror genre in a big way. My praise to Wes Craven and his brillant team and my hats off to the cast(Especially Neve, Courtney, Matheww, David and of course Skeet!! very scary!!) There will probalby never be another horror movie like this one ever again!! Wes Craven Master piece.<br />I hope number 4 comes out!!
0881032646|5.0|I blew a Saturday reading this book; I could hardly put it down.  I wouldn't call it a utopia, like some readers; even the &quot;Golden Age,&quot; when the Overlords rule a prosperous earth, seems from the first the beginning of a horrible and fascinating nightmare.  And, I couldn't help thinking, one that might come true.  Not that our Overlords will come from space; I suspect we may build them ourselves.  Our computers won't need psychic abilities; they  may float their thoughts across the Internet and become One.  What they will do after that -- Clarke's may be as good a guess as any.<br />Clarke's other peeks at the future often seem shrewd and even inspired, but sometimes bizarre.  The cosmic leap in evolution produces a collective entity with as little in the way of scruples or love of beauty as Big Brother; yet he seems to think it a step forward.  His overlords begin their regency by ending cruelty to animals, and end it . . .  All in all, a weird, psychodelic ride.  When you get off, you might decompress by visiting the lovely utopia of C. S. Lewis' Perelandra, where also you can tell the devils and heroes apart.<br />author, Jesus and the Religions of Man
B00000INEX|3.0|I agree with the many reviews on here. While Baby Mozart is a &quot;must have&quot;, this one is not. Although, I love the music of Bach, this video was a disappointment. I found the segments of the creator's daughter a bit too rehearsed and quite honestly, I'm not sure why they put her into it. It affects the flow of the video. Both Baby Mozart and Baby Bach appear &quot;homemade&quot;, but Baby Mozart has much better flow and better choices of &quot;real world objects&quot;. My son was not as &quot;mesmorized&quot; by Baby Bach as he was Baby Mozart.
B00003CXE7|2.0|I got a laugh watching this movie times simply because the actors didn't even attempt to hide their true accents or try sounding Roman.  And if you watch the fight scene that includes Tigers, you can see the Tigers lying down (and sleeping) in the background. I doubt that this was intentional humor.<br />Overall, the movie was kind of a blur for the action scenes then slow and plodding during the drama.  I predicted the final outcome 20 mins into the movie and was sadly correct.  The script just didn't have any life to it.<br />On the positive side, Russell Crowe has a great voice and the non-incestuous sister was very attractive.   Although the computer animation was obvious, it was impressive to see Rome in all it's glory.<br />Rent before you buy may be my best advice on this one.
B000050XEI|5.0|This is now my favorite Enya album. The music is enchanted, relaxing and beautiful. If you like Enya's style, this one will make you love her even more. I can't stop listening to it.
B00003CX8J|4.0|As a movie, I'd say it could be better, but it could definately be worse as well. I originally saw X-men in the theater with non-comic book reading friends, and by their reaction, it apparently has some apeal for those not familiar with the book. Being familiar with the comic, I found the in-jokes and comic references more enjoyable than the actual plot. <br />There is a mixture of really clever special effects with very-sub par special effects (in particular any time the computer generated jet is on screen is just really painful).<br />If I were rating the movie alone, I'd probably give it a 3-3.5 but the DVD is very nicely put together so its a definate 4. The deleted scenes, trailers and other extras make it a definate contender for any extensive collection and the mastering of the sound is simply wonderful. One of the best non-DTS sound jobs I've heard in a while.<br />I don't know that this is a movie that I'll be watching over and over again, but its certainly worth owning as a sci-fi/action collector.
B000050XEI|5.0|I am a biased diehard Enya fan, but be that as it may I was very scared this album would disappoint me.  However, I was very wrong...this album, more upbeat on average than any of her others, ranks with Shepard Moons and The Memory of Trees as her best in my opinion.  5 delicate melodies and 5 stronger tunes have you singing along over and over, broken by the angry and haunting &quot;Tempus Vernum&quot; which is Enya's way of reminding us about the dark sides of life despite her good mood.  I would have rated this album 4 1/2 stars if I could have however...some of the songs border on the simple where she was anything but in the past.  Still, this is real quality and the emphasis of my review remains on the charm and magic she gives this and every effort.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator is an exciting and fascinating movie from beginning to end.  It is also one of my all-time favorites.  Like the Patriot, however, some of the realities of the period are stretched just a little bit.  It isn't supposed to be a documentary.  If you are looking for an action movie to get your adrenaline pumping, then see this movie.  If you enjoy big budget classics in the tradition of Ben-Hur and Spartacus, then this is your movie also.
B000050XEI|5.0|When I buy a new album, normally I listen first to a short sample of each song. Not this time. I simply forgot that there was a CD player somewhere, as my soul was dancing in the fairy realms where their Queen's music had carried it. And when the unbelievable &quot;Lazy Days&quot; ended, I listened to that song 7/8 times more before returning to the album's beginning.<br />Somebody says that Enya is repeating herself, but I disagree. It's true that she has her own unique musical style and is not likely to change it, but every album is a different experience with a different mood. &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; is true to its title: it's Enya at her sunniest, and its sunniest notes are right at the end.<br />In my opinion, Enya has evolved from the loose collection of beautiful pieces that was &quot;The Celts&quot;, through intermediate steps, to what is really a concept album. In &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot;, the music flows seamlessly from beginning to end. The presence of so many &quot;highlights&quot; helps, of course.<br />I think there's a very strong inspiration here: the season cycle and its relationship with the birth of dance (have you noticed that Enya never made use of so many waltz and minuetto rhythms and pizzicato strings?). Curiously, the same inspiration at the root of the masterpiece by another great musician often criticised for his &quot;sameness&quot;. I mean &quot;The Four Seasons&quot; by Vivaldi, of course.<br />Musically, here Enya perfects her style. If we consider music as an union of melody, harmony, rhythm and timbre, &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; is very interestingly made by Celtic melodies, layered harmonies that are typical of modern so-called &quot;New Age&quot; music but even more of Enya herself, baroque rhythms and the trademark radiant Enya timbres with her light soprano sustained by the choir and strings, a combination easily recognisable by any Opera listener. How all these different elements melt into the unique Enya sound,well that's the secret of her art.<br />Artists like Enya and Loreena McKennitt are gifts to this world. They almost make me think they must have some real Elf blood. Plus, they show us what women could have done in the past if they had only been allowed...
B00004X01U|5.0|How does one follow up a grammy-winning album and getting some of the greatest reviews of one's career? By trying to come up with an even more grand and elaborate album?  Nah. After scoring a career high with Ray of Light, Madonna doesn't try to outdo herself by coming up with an album of an even larger scale. Instead, she follows it up with a simpler and less ambitious foray into French electronica, but boy does she do it well! She sheds the spiritual-ethnic-mystical image from Ray of Light and shapeshifts herself as an urban cowgirl wannabe, right into mainstream pop once again. Any guess as to what she'll do next and what image she'll have next is as good as mine. But for sure, she can count on us to wait with anticipation, and to listen.
B000051VWW|5.0|Sade is back. This is definitely a must have for any Sade lover.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Really amazing album, both musically and in interest. The lyrics are smarter and more meaningfull than most of the songs out today, and you can really relate. There is such a wide variety of songs that there really is &quot;something for everyone&quot; mostly, they are heartfelt and moving. They're also just nice to listen too, really pretty but with a beat behind it.
0525457585|5.0|An imaginitive tale of a young boy who enters the world of the Neverending Story and becomes everything he wants to be and nothing that he ever was. One of my favourite books that should be named a classic. It is not merely fantasy, it is a rather moralistic book that helps us to take a look at ourselves and where we are going in our own Neverending Story. It is wonderful that it is still in print and still beloved by people everywhere. If you have seen only the movie, you have seen nothing, it only covers some of the beginning of the book. It is very hard to put down and one of the best books ever written. Read it to-day!
0679746048|5.0|Whether or not you believe that young Susanna Kaysen should have been in a mental hospital at age 18, you have to sympathize with how she feels about it. Society, as a whole, treats anyone with a mental &quot;problem&quot; as a freak and social leper. The book really shows how a normal, very nice human being, is seperated from the rest of the world and stamped as a &quot;freak&quot;. Most of the second half of the book really concentrates on how other people unfairly lable anyone with a problem. People diagnosed with mental disorders end up seeing them as shamefull, because that's how society feels. That isn't true; it's a disease like any other, and the author really shows it and explains it. You can related in every way to Susanna and her friends, and the book really gets you thinking about who is crazy and who is &quot;normal&quot;?
6304457383|5.0|Different in a good way. My sister would tell you not to watch this movie alone in the dark, but I tell you do. Its affect is so much more potent that way. You will literally sit on the edge of your seat until this film is over. The plot plays out perfectly and the mystery and suspense is high! To help create the effect of blindness for this movie, Audrey wore thick contacts that dulled her eyes and vision. She memorized where everything was on the set so that in the dark, she was perfectly comfortable. Alan Arkin makes an incredibly nasty bad guy and Audrey's fear of him is quite catching, even over the screen. You scream out your feelings for this movie, if it hits you right.
0684853523|4.0|Stephen King's &quot;On Writing&quot; is part memoir and part advice to the budding writer.  At just under three hundred pages, &quot;On Writing&quot; is more concise than most of King's books.  King provides the reader with details of his impoverished and itinerant childhood. King entertainingly describes some of the wacky pranks that he and his brother pulled when they were kids, and he describes his early love affair with horror stories and horror films. King gives us a good idea of how he developed into the person that he is today.  The section on the art of writing is entertaining and informative, although it breaks little new ground.  The most powerful part of the book by far is the postscript, &quot;On Living,&quot; in which King describes the harrowing accident in 1999 that almost cost him his life.  He was hit by a van while walking along the side of the road near his home in Maine.  King had to undergo a series of operations followed by a painful and grueling rehabilitation.  This section of the book is wrenching and intensely personal.  It is excellently written and to the point.  I recommend &quot;On Writing&quot; to all Stephen King fans as well as to aspiring writers seeking advice on how to improve their work.
6300215717|5.0|As Audrey's first film in hollywood, she did amazingly well, acting wise and leading man wise. This movie helped to bring more tourist to the knowledge of the Eternal City and made it more of an attraction to traveling people and as a setting for more films. Audrey was never the best actress, but she is my favourite, because what she lacked for in skil, she made up for in personality. One of Peck's greatest romance films, with quite an interesting ending and a wonderful way of getting there.
0838577016|4.0|While this book (in this and previous incarnations) has been hailed as the &quot;bible&quot; of neuroscience, there are some flaws the potential reader should be made aware of.  The first batch of chapters dealing with the machinery of the cell are repetitive in terms of their respective contents.  Some judicious editing would have been nice in this section.  Although the writing style improves in subsequent chapters, those dealing with the molecular biology of the neuron could be a little clearer.  Levitan and Kaczmarek's &quot;The Neuron&quot; could be used to either introduce or supplement these chapters.  The illustrations throughout are a major improvement over the last edition's over-use of black and white stick figures.  While it is a very good teaching text for the money, check your university bookstore or library for other neuroscience texts which might give a clearer functional overview.  In the long gap between this edition and the last a number of good graduate level texts have arisen to fill the need.
6300183513|5.0|If you have not seen this movie, you should. I have watched it ever since I was a girl and have thrilled all over with the mystery and wonder that comes from this great Alfred Hitchcock film. It was one of his very best ever made. The actors he got to play in it complete its particular magic as they portray their well drawn out characters. I could think of no better pair to execute this story than Jimmy Stewart and Grace Kelly. There is nothing better than the original, and Hitchcock was the original master of suspense in hollywood!
B000000HTO|5.0|If you read the rest of the reviews you will note opinion seems to be widely distributed about this album.  It seems the anti-cigar faction is writing from a place of disappointment, frankly, because the complaints against this album are unfounded.  Hammill's voice is certainly not gone, or at the end of its tether, and if it seems that way, I am willing to assume that Hammill meant it that way.  For me, this album features my all-time favorite Van der Graaf Generator song, &quot;Still Life&quot; -- the definitive statement on why human aspirations to immortality are false.  And it also contains the answer to this &quot;negative&quot; song, in &quot;Childlike Faith in Childhood's End&quot;, which Hammill howls, which ends triumphantly, and which has the power to move me to near-tears on occasion.  So if I constantly skip the first song on the album (important as it is to the album's concept), nevertheless, I could never give this album less than an excellent rating.  At the very least, I find that the songs above sustain me and buoy my spirit -- and if it can for me, then it can for others I am sure.  For me, that is a fundamental function of genuine music.  And a gift not to be denied one's self.
630417893X|5.0|Yes! This is a wonderful movie that is a clasic for all generations. It is sad that some people have never seen it. I have watched it since I was little and still enjoy it to-day. The music, for one thing, is incredible and catchy. The story is sort of a twist on Cinderella. The acting is marvelous, and it is a pity that Audrey didn't get an oscar for it. (The oscar that year went to Julie Andrews for Mary Poppins, because people felt that Audrey had stolen this brodway role from her. Even Rex Harrison got an oscar). Everybody will love this film, I suggest that if you haven't seen it, get it to-day!
B000000HTM|5.0|What sticks out most for me on this album is the music;  it is the Van der Graaf Generator album I am most likely to play, although I pay little attention to the lyrics -- unusual, since it is surely Hammill's lyrics that often justify even his blandest compositions.  From other reviews, I note that the lyrics are, in fact, quite worthy of consideration, but it is still the music most of all that brings me back.  Vast, moody, jagged, pulsing -- just altogether visceral.  Gut music that is intellectually satisfying as well.  So, if you are, or know, a musical elitist who doesn't interpret a &quot;sloppy&quot; sound as bad playing, and who is not too fussy about clean lines of composition, then &quot;Pawn Hearts&quot; may indeed be for you.<br />If a Classical music analogy will help, &quot;Pawn Hearts&quot; is a billion miles from Mozart, not quite so far from Beethoven (but still a long way) and, to my ear, could most be likened to Prokofiev's Second Piano Concerto in terms of tone, structure and atmosphere.  In aesthetic terms it is definitely sublime, not beautiful.
6302636779|5.0|This movie stars Audrey Hepburn in one of her first tries at a dramatic movie role. It is one of the best movies that she ever made. It is the story of a nun who tries desparately to fit in, but feels that when she doesn't, she has sinned. When she arrives in the Congo to help set up a clinc for sick people, she meets a doctor who helps her to find herself. One of the successes of Audrey's portrayal of the nun in this movie was that she went to meet the real woman she was to play and visited the real clinic that had been set there. This movie was a turning point in Audrey's career and in the way that people viewed her. It helped her to feel more confident in her acting skills as well. It is a classic movie with a wonderful story that everyone will enjoy.
B000002J03|5.0|All I can say is that this is the best Led Zeppelin CD ever created. From the beginning with Whole Lotta Love(Possibly Led Zeppelin's most well known song), which is great to Thank You(A rather soft song for zeppelin) to ramble on( a song with refrences to The Lord of the Rings) this is another Cd under zeppelin's belt that just cant be beat. I gave it 5 stars because every song is good and there are no fillers. I dont need to hit the skip button when listening to this. Buy it becuse it is well worth the 20 bucks. You wont regret it
B00003CXHJ|3.0|Before you see, rent, or buy this movie you need to decide what type of film you want to see. Do you want to see a fact based account of the capturing of a WWII German submarine? If so, then this is not the movie for you. However, if you are looking for an action packed, fast paced movie about WWII submarines, then I think you will like this film. <br />Yes, I will admit that this movie has it flaws, and not the least of which is the cast. Bill Paxton's performance as the U.S. submarine captain is just a cut above cardboard. He is flat, and acts as though he is completely void of any emotion, and the foreshadowing speech he gives to McConaughey near the beginning of the film gives away far too much of the movie. There are several other inconsistencies in the film, but I think they can be overlooked if you really want to enjoy the film. The biggest problem is the ending or really the lack of one. It seemed almost as if they either didn't know how to end it, or just ran out of money to shoot a fitting final scene, but the way they left it was just mind boggling. On the bright side, I think McConaughey gives a pretty good performance as the young Lt. Commander thrust into duty against unthinkable odds, and Harvey Keitel gives a very steady portrayal as the veteran Chief trying to help his crew stay alive.<br /> Sure there are those who will pick this movie apart because of the historical, and technological inaccuracies, but I have to think that those people didn't want to like the movie in the first place, and should have watched a history channel documentary instead. &quot;U-571&quot; is not fact based, or historical, but it is a well told, taught, action thriller. Had the performance by Paxton been better, and the use of foreshadowing been a little less of an in your face &quot;this is what's going to happen&quot; type speech, I would have given it a higher rating. This is definitely a movie worth seeing, but I don't think I would add it to my collection unless the price was just right.
B00003CXE7|3.0|Five stars? I was greatly disappointed with &quot;Gladiator&quot;. I'm an enthusiast of historical dramas and had heard that it was far better than the summer's other blockbuster, &quot;The Patriot&quot;. I quite disagree.<br />The most glaringly offensive part of this movie was the schizophrenic camera-work, shifting from regular-speed to slow-motion to un-naturally fast in the space of a few seconds, I suppose it was intended to create a moment of drama, but simply ended up looking ridiculous. Likewise many, many shots (particularly in the opening battle scene) were laughably apparent as blue-screens. It had the feel of a B action movie sloppily gilt in gold. <br />Russell Crowe shows an astonishing lack of ability to act (and a horrifyingly hairy NECK?) Fortunately, everyone else in the film gathers up his slack, which is why I gave the three stars I did. There are a few beautiful scenes such as the fantasy/dream sequences, and the rain of flower petals into the center of the Coliseum. The costumes are stunningly beautiful and I hope they earn Oscar recognition; I have no idea if they are accurate or not.<br />Why were there so many shots of Maximus's dog in the opening battle? Every first-year film student knows that you only give focus to scenes or objects of importance in the story; apparently this director forgot because it's not explained during the scene or anytime later on. <br />Between scenes of Maximus single-handedly slaughtering dozens of armed men, we're dragged through a slow, boring story; although we are rewarded with an interesting (if wholly predictable) final scene. Yawn. I'll keep &quot;The Patriot&quot;, thanks.
B00004YA66|4.0|So what would you do if you could communicate with your father thirty years in the past one day before he is killed? Would you warn him? And if you did, would he believe you? This is the dilemma for John Sullivan, (Jim Caviezel) a thirty-something Queens detective who has spent the last thirty years lamenting the loss of his fire fighting father (played by Dennis Quaid). Through some vaguely explained phenomenon they begin to talk through time over his dad's old ham radio. As they talk, and the reality of his fathers looming demise sets in, John warns his father about event that are about to unfold. Skeptical at first, John's father Frank, quickly becomes a believer. Franks escapes the terrible fire, but the repercussions on the future are shocking and unexpected. I won't tell you what these repercussions are, but I will tell you they are very interesting and thought provoking. <br />&quot;Frequency&quot; does a good job of exploring the &quot;what if&quot; factor, but also stresses the &quot;No man should know too much about his future.&quot; princible. Quaid and Caviezel develop a pretty good chemistry as father and son, and the emotion between them seems real enough. (Though the New York accents seem a little too thick at times) I have two problems with &quot;Frequency&quot;; the first is that it takes a little too long to get going which is a product of such a far-fetched story. It takes a lot of up front information to get the audience up to speed. But having said that, once the story does take off it keeps you interested. The second is just a couple of time line inconsistencies that I had trouble explaining, but then again maybe that's just me. All things considered, I did like and enjoy the movie, and even more the second time I watched it. If you do watch this film I would recommend watching it twice. I think you will be able to enjoy it more once you have a firm grasp on the premise. I don't know that this would be a movie that I would buy, but I'm definitely glad I rented it.
B000001FI7|5.0|In a world of album after album of sounding the same, in the search for something new and different - I've found it.  And it took me 6 years to discover it!  It's not perfect, in fact in a lot of ways it's flawed.  But what does flawed mean?  A lot of songs on this CD take directions I would not go (being a musician myself), both in melody and in music, but they did.  It's art - like I've never heard before.  Beth is not the best singer I've ever heard, but there's an honesty about her.  It's a dark, haunting, and yet beautiful CD that should not be overlooked.  As soon as I heard Roads, I bought it.  I didn't even look at the price tag.  You can't put a price on expression like this.
6303012140|5.0|1996:  The city of Los Angeles is an absolute wreck.  Crime abounds, with the most notorious bad guy around, Simon Phoenix(Wesley Snipes) taking it all in like one big joke.  John Spartan (Stallone) has been after this guy for several years, but in the process of finally arresting Phoenix, the building around them explodes, appartently taking several innocent hostages up with it.  Spartan is stripped of his rank and sentenced to cryogenic imprisonment for 70 years.<br />2032:  Spartan has served 36 years of his sentence.  Phoenix, who was imprisoned in the same facility, escapes and begins to reinvigorate his reign of terror.  The only problem is that the LA that Spartan, Phoenix, and the rest of us all know and love has turned into a megalopolis called San Angeles, a politically correct paradise where there is absolutely no violent crime---correction, no crime of any kind---whatsoever. (There is also no profanity, and anyone who swears is fined for violations of the Verbal Morality Statute.) Consequently, people have forgotten how to deal with a fugitive like Phoenix.  The only solution is to bring Spartan out of the freezer, which is exactly what happens.<br />This movie introduced me to action movies, particularly Stallone movies, and the movie soundtrack genre.  The special effects will blow you away all by themselves.  This was also the first movie I ever saw with Sandra Bullock.  Perhaps it's because of her airy portrayal of Lt. Huxley that made me think of her as my favorite actress for a while.  But that's another story.<br />I think that San Angeles is a funny bone-tickling example of political correctness gone to far.  Either that or it's social conservatism. Sometimes I wonder if San Angeles is the kind of world people in the family values crowd would like to live in.  In any case, even if you don't like action movies very much, I think you will like this one.
B000002J09|5.0|This album is the defining work in which music has been molded from. This album showed that Led Zeppelin could do any style of music and still sound good. From the blues(When the Levee Breaks) to English folk music(The Battle of Evermore) Led Zeppelin could do it all. With Robert Plant wailing out or Jimmy Page on his guitar this CD came together and made a classic album. If you are a new Zeppelin fan this is a great album to start with because you may recognize many of the songs. Overall this album is great because it is not just contributed to a singer or guitarist, but is a work of art by four people who never out do each other. They each know when to step back and let their peers take the stage, which is amazingly hard to do.
0316234753|5.0|When I was in first grade, I had an art teacher who tried to show us how to draw using circles, lines, perspective, and so on, and I remember distinctly the experience of knowing that I could draw circles (and to an extent, straight lines) but there was no way I could put them together in a way that would look anything like the teacher's work.<br />This book was my salvation.  Within these pages you'll find instructions on how to draw all kinds of creatures, from the lowly ant to an elaborate dragon, all by adding easy shapes (traingles, circles, linnes) one-at-a-time.<br />There is considerable truth in this book (and the author's others, which I unfortunately didn't discover until recently). How simplicity can communicate. How you can tackle something big by working in small steps. How you can make something you imagine come to like.<br />To this day I can take pleasure in drawing pictures, even though they're simple and I've never taken an art class since first grade, and I attribute a lot of that joy to this book. And nothing compares to giving a frustrated five-year-old an Emberly book and watching his face light up as he realizes that maybe he can make his drawings more than just scribbles.<br />This book (and the others) cannot be recommend too highly.
B00004XOWM|4.0|I first learned of limp bizkit when there smash hit &quot;nookie&quot; came into the scene a year or so ago.  Intrigued, i purchased SIGNIFICANT OTHER, and began to get hooked.  I enjoyed nearly ever track of that CD, and when I heard CHOCLATE STARFISH was hitting the shelves, i knew i had to buy it.  So i did, and what can i say? in all honsetly, it isnt that bad. Yes, the four letter words are there, and there is a few more rap songs on the CD than SIGNIFICANT OTHER, however, CHOCLATE STARFISH ranks well.  If you want the most of limp bizkits rock, then get SIGNIFICANT OTHER, otherwise get CHOCLATE STARFISH and enjoy the vast majority of good songs, which mix rock and some rap.
B000051VWW|5.0|I could not stop playing Sade's new song &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; over again and again.  Her voice just touches my soul softly and deeply.  I remember my husband and I danced in Sade's music in our fist date several years ago.  Now we are married and live happily.  After years, I am still amazed how much sensation and comfort I feel in the deep voice of Sade's.
0684843749|5.0|This book is complete in every sense of the word, from the history of bodybuilding to nutrition. It explains how to workout when to workout and how to setup your own personal workout plan. It also tells you how to eat to gain muscle. This book will be in your library for years to come.
B000051VWW|5.0|I could not stop playing Sade's new song &quot;Lovers Rock&quot; over again and again.  Her voice just touches my soul softly and deeply.  I remember my husband and I danced in Sade's music in our fist date several years ago.  Now we are married and live happily...  After years, I am still amazed how much sensation and comfort I feel in the deep voice of Sade's.
0552124753|5.0|This certainly is a book you'll want to read (even if your not asci-fi fan) I'm 12 and really thought I was in over my head withsentences such as Great a tuin the turtle comes, swimming slowlythrough the interstellar gulf, hydrogen frost on his ponderous limbsetc. But that was only the introduction. this was the first book I'veread in the series I've also read the second the light fantastic thatone was even better.  I've now come to realise that the whole seriesdoes not involve the same characters as we said goodbye to rincewindTwoflower and the luggage. This book is hilarious for example (in thebook only death can claim your soul but his messangers can only killyou)in one part a dead man was sitting in his castle (I think i'm notloking at the text)saying it appears death is not in the neighbourhoodso and the suddenly death arose from behind him rolled his soul into aball of light and swallowed it. Very funny anyone whos looking for abook this is one i can recomend. Thank you Terry Pratchett
B00002DE2L|5.0|Had anyone other than Anne-Sophie Mutter committed a performance of this level of passion and abandon of Vivaldi's Four Seasons, there would have been raised critical eyebrows everywhere. As an example, had it been Nadja Salerno-Sonnenberg, the likely reaction would have been \\"Well, there's Nadja being her self-indulgent self yet again.\\" Authentic-instrument performers would steer a course clear of this type of hyperkinetic interpretation. And violinists of probity and sobriety would hew much more closely to \\"accepted-practice guidelines,\\" whatever these may happen to be.    Ms. Mutter has \\"made her bones\\" over the years, with definitive performances of the core violin repertoire, as well as her recent foray into the classics of 20th century violin works. On top of it all, she went through a personal crisis, with her relatively recent widowhood, which few survive with a sense of centeredness intact. She clearly has, and, if she feels as if it's now time to cut loose with a little bit of fun, as in the Vivaldi here, who are we to fault her, anyway?    Fire and Ice really do seem appropriate descriptions for this supercharged interpretation. It is clearly a performance of \\"extremes,\\" and it is hardly likely to be to everyone's taste. But it sure is to mine, after listening to literally dozens of dozers, both authentic-instrument and modern. That it works, and works as stupendously as it does, is due in large part to her formidable technique: A performance in this style would be as flat as last week's beer if the violinist couldn't cut it. And she does, in spades. Her technique is so hair-trigger perfect that it borders on the scary.    The Trondheim Soloists do a superb job in backing her (and in keeping up with her, for that matter). The Tartini \\"Devil's Trill\\" Sonata is a great throw-in, since it is rare enough that it is not likely to be found on many couplings or in typical anthologies.    Cut yourself some slack, too. Get the one performance of The Four Seasons that has some spice as seasoning, to awaken your musical taste buds.    Just plain terrific! A tour de force!    Bob Zeidler
B00004YRQA|5.0|These memory cards have so much room its not even funny. They are slick looking, have eight times the amount of room a ps1 card has, and you can store your ps1 games on it. This is totally worth the [price].
0790734850|5.0|A study of life in Los Angeles and corruption within the Police Force of the City of Angels in the early 1950's, \\"L.A. Confidential,\\" directed by Curtis Hanson, is an intense, compelling drama starring Kevin Spacey, Russell Crowe and Guy Pearce.  It's a time of growth in Southern California; freeways are on the drawing board, glitz and glamor abounds in Hollywood, and there's a lot of money to be made, especially for anyone with the right connections.  But there's a dark undercurrent running throughout the city as well.  The criminal element is thriving under the auspices of gangster Mickey Cohen, and it's a time when certain officers of the law tend to mete out their own, personal brand of justice, which doesn't necessarily land them on the right side of the fence, nor of the law.  There's graft within the L.A.P.D., and a prevalent misuse of authority and lack of ethics that begins at the top, filters down and permeates the entire force.  And when Cohen finally goes to jail, a number of his \\"associates\\" begin turning up dead, and strange and untoward things begin to happen in and around Hollywood.  Finally, a nocturnal massacre at a place called the \\"Nite Owl Cafe\\" kicks off an investigation that ultimately involves two young officers, Bud White (Crowe) and Ed Exley (Pearce), and a veteran of the narcotics squad, Jack Vincennes (Spacey).  And it isn't long before the proverbial can of worms is wrenched open and, needless to say, many lives are soon destined to be changed forever.  Working from an intelligent and extremely well written script (co-written by Hanson and Brian Helgeland, adapted from the novel by James Ellroy), Hanson delivers this tightly woven, intricate story with a deft hand and an eye for detail that transports the audience to another time and place.  At the heart of the tale are White and Exley, both of whom are passionate about their work and the pursuit of justice, though they differ greatly in their respective methods and basic perceptions ofhow things should be and why.  And it's this contrast in personalities that becomes the impetus for the drama; what makes these guys tick, and which buttons can be pushed (and by whom) to get them going.  It's an examination of the complexities of human nature, and Hanson handles it all with skill and precision.  If you hadn't noticed Russell Crowe before this film, you will forever after.  His screen presence here is explosive, and he brings an intensity to his character that is almost unsettling.  You can see it in his eyes; the turmoil lying just beneath the surface, ready to erupt at any moment.  You can feel it just watching him.  It's a dynamic, multi-layered performance that is unforgettable.  Guy Pearce turns in a notable performance as well, entirely credible and believable, though he lacks Crowe's charisma and presence.  But, admittedly, the character of Exley doesn't command the sympathy that White's does; White, despite his propensity for violent action, exhibits a vulnerability that is absent in Exley, who comes off as rather cold and inaccessible.  But again, it's the differences between these two that gives the movie it's momentum.  Kevin Spacey also turns in another outstanding performance as the slick, self-assured \\"celeb\\" of the force, Jack Vincennes, the cop whose ethics have become self-serving and who's lost sight of why he joined the department in the first place.  Spacey readily conveys the fact that there is more to Vincennes than meets the eye, which we discover as the story unfolds.  And it's when we learn what's hidden beneath the surface that we realize what a terrific job Spacey has done in bringing this character to life.  And, not to be outdone by her co-stars, Kim Basinger (Lynn Bracken) turns in a performance as a Veronica Lake look-alike that won her an Oscar for Best Supporting Actress.    With a supporting cast that includes Danny DeVito (Sid), David Strathairn (Pierce Patchett), Ron Rifkin (D.A. Ellis Loew) and Matt McCoy (BrettChase), \\"L.A. Confidential\\" is an entertaining, absorbing drama that will linger in your memory for days after you've seen it.  Filmed on location in and around L.A. and Hollywood, this is a superlative piece of filmmaking that must be seen, especially by anyone who truly loves movies that are made the way movies \\"ought\\" to be made; this is one of them.
B000002U9E|5.0|KATE'S fifth album remains the best so far, because it manages to satisfy all her fans.Unfortunally, it's also the only one to make it in AMERICA.Here, KATE is all together commercial and experimental, and we fans like both sides of our diva.KATE BUSH is a family affair from the beginning ,with her brother and father standing in her shadow and pushing her as far as they can.Like so many LEO, (JULY 30 th)she has a tendancy to get lazy at times.She didn't produce anything since THE RED SHOES in 1993.Now come on KATE! get going baby!HOUNDS OF LOVE is easily one of the eighties best pop record, but MOTHER STANDS FOR COMFORT.
B00004RFFW|5.0|The tone is a bit lighter, but the \\"lethal\\" action continues unabated and non-stop as two of L.A.P.D.'s finest go after a South African consulate, dirty up to his neck in drugs and hiding behind diplomatic immunity in \\"Lethal Weapon 2,\\" directed by Richard Donner and once again starring Mel Gibson and Danny Glover.  Still crazy, but no longer suicidal, Riggs (Gibson) continues to hunt down the bad guys with partner Roger Murtaugh (Glover), and this time around they find their lives in danger when they get too close to the underhanded dealings of South African Arjen \\"Aryan\\" Rudd (Joss Ackland) and his band of thugs.  Along the way, they're assigned to baby-sit an informant in a money laundering racket, Leo Getz (Joe Pesci); and Riggs at last finds someone, Rika Van Den Haas (Patsy Kensit), who helps ease the pain of his wife's death, while also discovering who was responsible for the automobile accident that took her life.    As he did with the first \\"Lethal Weapon,\\" Donner keeps it all moving along at a brisk pace, though he allows the intensity level to drop somewhat this time while infusing more humor.  There's some \\"Stooges\\" on hand, and a bit that finds Murtaugh the target of some office gags after the debut of a television commercial, starring his daughter, Rianne (Traci Wolfe), for a product that takes him by surprise, but the real laughs come courtesy of Pesci, who's upbeat, manic characterization of Getz becomes a real scene stealer.  Though serious at the core, this movie is more of a joy ride than the first, though there are moments of true menace and apprehension, as well as a sobering resolution involving one of the featured characters.  Performance wise, Gibson is as charismatic as ever, by now settling comfortably into Riggs' skin while further exploring the more intricate details of the character's personality.  Glover, too, manages to take Murtaugh to the next level, leaving no doubt as to who this guy is and what he's about, from his dedication to the job, to his even more stringent dedication to his family.  And, most importantly, these two really click as a team, and Donner knows just how to bring out the best in them.  What really raises the bar in this second installment, however, is the addition of Pesci, who makes Leo Getz a truly memorable character.  Inserting him into the mix was a real stroke of genius, and Donner wisely uses him just enough to effectively lighten the mood and counteract the drama.    The supporting cast includes Darlene Love (Trish), Derrick O'Connor (Adolph), Steve Kahan (Capt. Murphy), Mark Rolston (Hans) and Jenette Goldstein (Officer Meagan Shapiro).  With snappy dialogue, plenty of action and some good guys to root for, \\"Lethal Weapon 2\\" is a thoroughly entertaining sequel that more than does justice to the original.  Donner knows his territory, and his stars know their stuff and how to deliver it, and that's a \\"lethal\\" combination any way you look at it.  And what's even more gratifying, is knowing that they didn't stop here; after all the action of the first two, you know there's another one waiting for you.  At this point, do not pass go, do not collect two hundred dollars; \\"Lethal Weapon 3\\" is available, and it's yours for the asking.
B00003CXE7|2.0|Okay, no. This is not the \\"greatest movie ever made\\", nor is it anywhere up there with a \\"movie of the year!\\" This was an average movie plagued with clich&eacute;s and themes already covered by better films.<br /><br />I loved the first battle scene. It was beautiful, despite the death and destruction taking place. However, once that scene is over, the movie takes a steady nose-dive through the rest of the film. From the death of his wife, the gladiator imprisonment and \\"Spartacus-esque\\" training sequences, the villains idiotic decision that taking on the most successful gladiator in Rome could be a good idea (not to mention he's got the jones for his sister), right down to the \\"I've seen that so many times before!\\" ending, there wasn't really an original idea in the whole picture. Top that off with what literally looks like dirt and dust the director forgot to wash off the film reel, and you get a ho-hum movie that's probably only worth watching for the fight scenes.
0446605409|5.0|I hate the trite expression &quot;page-turner&quot;, but that is the only way to adequately describe this book.  The characters are bold, realistic, and very tangible.  The storyline is gripping, with many tense moments.  For a long book, the author does an incredible job keeping the reader hooked.<br />One thing I appreciated was that the author did not feel that he had to tie up every possible loose end in the book.  There are various red herrings in the form of characters and sub-plots which remain dangling and unresolved through the end, although not to the point of being a nuisance, which actually adds to the book's character.  The main character's constant obnoxious attitude gets somewhat maddening at times, but it is also a refreshing trait, nonetheless.  I also found that I got so drawn in to some characters, that when devestation occurred, I felt deep remorse.<br />I read one other book by this author, was disappointed by it, and decided to give him another try with this book.  I'm glad that I did.  I will now read some of his others, as well.  The book was a completely enjoyable reading experience.
B00000K32J|5.0|I have seen LORD OF THE DANCE live 6 times, and loved the video, but was disappointed with the numbers missing from the video.  FEET OF FLAMES has it all..the &quot;flute jam&quot; (the band with Michael playing flute ) which I love, and much better camera work. Michael was great!  The new costumes and numbers were a wonderful addition.  The encore was magnificent and energizing! Anyone who mounted this show, and the others, would never have  been able to make them without great confidence in himself, which some attribute to an inflated ego.  I met Michael backstage in Philadelphia and was very impressed by his warmth,  friendliness and charisma.  I wish everyone would see this show, it is a joy to behold.
B00004ZAV3|1.0|Let's face it.  If you don't have all these songs already, you probably don't like music.  But if you buy this CD, which is essentially the record company's mix tape of &quot;everybody's favorite&quot; Beatles songs, you probably still don't like music.  These are songs that most everyone can sing from memory.  Why Capitol decided we needed yet another collection of Beatles hits is a mystery to me.  Oh wait, I figured it out...THEY DID IT FOR THE MONEY.  Why would you even consider buying this rubbish?  Save your money and buy the original albums.  Or better still, buy something new, by a new band, who need the money far more than Sir Paul, George or Ringo ever will.  If Lennon was alive he'd tell you the same thing.
B00003CXDG|2.0|Tom Cruise as an actor is simply a messenger. As a producer, he is creating the message along with the director and screenwriter. And the message conveyed, the messengers appear 2-dimensional, and in Cruise's case, certainly not wanting to cheer for.<br />One reason for this is Woo's style. It's weird that bullets never ran out in Hard Boiled and it managed to be quite delirious and original. One can sense the angst and uncertainty of early 1990's Hong Kong where its citizens seemed to ignore the looming imminence of the Chinese takeover of the city.<br />Yet when Cruise's character almost never gets a scratch, he seems too cocky. Too smooth, and therefore nothing we can latch on to identify and feel for the hero. I found the toys in Toy Story/Toy Story 2 more charming and believable. They seem better &quot;actors&quot; than Cruise can ever be in this forgettable movie (only this -- he is a great actor in his other films).
B00003CXE6|2.0|Okay, I FINALLY got tired of all my friends telling me I had to see this movie, so we rented it over Thanksgiving holiday.  What is the big deal???  Yeah, Russell Crowe looks great with muscles.  Here's a tip for ya...he looked good without 'em, too, AND he seemingly could act better (Recall &quot;LA Confidential&quot; if you will, and the incredible performance he turned in for &quot;The Insider&quot;).  He was sleepwalking through this film.  The effects were passable...I did like the overview of the Coliseum on the first day of the Games.  But beyond that...yawn.<br />The best thing about this film was Joaquin Phoenix, who proves once again, after the dreadful &quot;8MM&quot;, that he can shine in anything!
B00004YW6I|5.0|This is a brilliant album!<br />I was admittedly one of the many who only knew Polly Jean for her single &quot;Down By The Water&quot; a few years ago.  I recently picked up &quot;Is This Desire&quot; and was blown away!  I couldn't wait for &quot;Stories&quot; to come out, and I was certainly not disappointed when I heard it.  Some of the other reviewers here may be more familiar with her earlier works, and thus judging this work against a preconceived opinion.<br />As a musician who is very disappointed with the trend of bubble gum pop that's going on right now, it's very exciting to hear something as fresh as this come out.  This album is genius in every way, from the songwriting to the recording.  Even the song order is perfect.  When listened to from start to finish, this album is like a roller coaster.  And like all great art, you pick up something new with every listen.  The album title is perfect, too, as the songs as a collective form an interesting sort of fantastic urban landscape filled with desire and desperation.  P.J. sings in the first person through most of it, like she is a character in the world that she has created.<br />If you appreciate music for more than background at a party, you must check out this amazing artistic accomplishment!
B000050XEI|5.0|Well, the wait is over...Enya's new album is certainly one of the most beautiful albums that I've heard in several years.  Maybe it is her perfect voice...maybe it is her evocative music.  Whatever &quot;it&quot; is, &quot;it&quot; is certainly present on this latest recording.  This album sees Enya move in a slightly more classical vein.  &quot;Flora's Secret&quot; and &quot;Fallen Embers&quot; are two of the most stunning songs I've ever heard.  While the new album is no great departure from her earlier work, there is some development here with the use of live strings and more upbeat numbers.  Critics who dis' Enya are already prejudiced against her, so their opinions are hard to credit.  This album is refined, and Enya's textured harmonies are as moving as ever.  In my opinion, you just cannot go wrong with her work.  By the way, three songs &quot;The Promise,&quot; &quot;The First of Autumn,&quot; and &quot;Isobella&quot; are not on the album (but, rather are on the single for &quot;Only Time&quot; and the Japanese release).  Hopefully they will be released as B-sides, because they are absolutely wonderful.
038533348X|4.0|This wacky tale of a journalist who witnesses the end of the world is a wonderful satire filled with memorable imagery and witticisms. Since this is the first Vonnegut book I've read, I don't know if it's his best, but I certainly think it's a fascinating read. The use of a cat's cradle string-game as a metaphor for various ideas and things is quite astute and sparklingly new, even though the book is from 1963. This book is definitely for anyone interested in zany literature that challenges the status quo, of any sort.
B00004XONN|4.0|Gosh, I love Radiohead. Their music is like a drug. You can't get enough of it.<br />When I die, I know their music will be up there in heaven.
B0000508U6|5.0|We are all used to hearing one band or other be touted as the &quot;latest and greatest&quot; thing on earth. The more you hear the use of the label, the less attention you tend to give. However, the English band Coldplay are much more than the moniker suggests.<br />With &quot;Parachutes&quot;, Chris Martin and his bandmates prove to be more than a Radiohead wannabe. His voice only bears a passing resemblance to Thom Yorke's own. With songs like &quot;Shiver&quot; and &quot;Yellow&quot;, he doesn't lose hope that his love will be returned....someday. &quot;High Speed&quot; and &quot;Don't Panic&quot; lets the listener in on the universal secret: Life can be made better. <br />Being an eager music fan, I know that there are always new bands coming out, and the inevitable comparisons will be made. With this CD, Coldplay show that they have a future. Run, don't walk, and pick up this CD. The mellow vibe on this album guarantees that you can pop this into your CD player, and flow along.
B00000I41J|5.0|Cut in 1958 for the Blue Note Lable, Somethin' Else is one of the all time great jazz albums. The personnel features Cannonball on alto, Miles Davis on Trumpet, Hank Jones on piano, Sam Jones on bass, and the great Art Blakey on drums. It may say Cannonball Adderly on the album cover, and have Miles Davis listed as a sideman, but this has the feel of a Miles Davis album all the way. The selection of material and the musician's laid back approach, tempered by the contrast of Mile's simmering mute with an expressive firey second horn, here the exuberant Adderley, are  trademarks from this era of Davis' career. Regardless of who led the session, it is one any fan of jazz simply must have. It is one of those rare albums that is immediately accessable, and you can tell you will be listening to repeatedly from the first note. Every track's performance is a highlight, but Cannonball's playing is particularly inspired, especially his soulful blues soaked soloing on Dancing in the dark, and boppish flight on One For Daddy-O. Miles is dramatic, soulful, vulnerable, and sultry all at once. His muted playing on the first two tracks is simply sumptuous, with his open horn solo on One For Daddy-O and his &quot;call and response&quot; exchange with Adderley at the end of the title track being truly inspired. Hank Jones contributes a flawless hard swinging piano. Taking every note he is given and making it count, Hank makes his accompaniment as well as his solos sound as if he is playing them the only way they possibly could be. Art Blakey and the underrated Sam Jones are water tight in support, with Blakey unusually restrained throughout the album, his only solo space on the album's final track. At the end of One For Daddy-O we hear a puckish Miles ask producer Alfred Lion, &quot;Is that what you wanted, Alfred?&quot;, and then some I'll wager. This is an album that will appeal to the jazz novice and the aficionado alike, if you do not have it, buy it, you won't be dissappointed.
B00004XPOZ|1.0|What is the point? Why is Lucas re-re-re-re-re-releasing the same three movies in this pathetic format AGAIN? I refuse to buy these simply because of the inferior quality of VHS. Get your act together Lucas and release these on DVD.
B00003CXDU|4.0|&quot;Galaxy Quest&quot; is a lighthearted satire of the whole sci-fi world, especially the &quot;Star Trek&quot; gang (here called &quot;Quest-arians&quot;).  A group of TV actors now make their living from appearances and autograph signings, after being on the cult favorite TV show, &quot;Galaxy Quest&quot;.  Real aliens then come and need their help to save the aliens' planet.        Tim Allen is positively Shatneresque as Commander Peter Quincy Taggert (shades of Captain James Tiberius Kirk!)  Sigourney Weaver (playing actress Gwen DeMarco who plays Lieutenant Tawny Madison) has only one job to do - as she says, &quot;Oh my God, I'm repeating the computer!&quot;  Tony Shalhoub is hilarious as Tech Sergeant Chen, sort of a Scotty-on-tranquilizers.... in a deadpan voice, &quot;Commander, they tell me that the engines are about to blow...just a FYI...&quot;  Alan Rickman as Alexander Dane playing &quot;Doctor Lazarus&quot; gives a great performance as a classically trained Shakespearean actor who has been typecast as the Spock-like alien of the show.  He's known for just one line (&quot;If I have to say that line again I'll throw up!&quot;)  But since The Show Must Go On, he does say it again and again.  &quot;By Grapthar's Hammer, I will avenge you!&quot;        One question for the fellow Quest-arians out there.  The movie ended (SPOILER WARNING!  SPOILER WARNING!)  with our heroes taking part of the real alien ship and landing it pretty hard in the convention parking lot and convention hall!  That is, scattered cars, busted walls, torn-up stage flooring all over the place!  Now how are they going to explain this?
B000002BE9|5.0|I first bought Fiona's CD with many others and neglected to listen to it for years. Big mistake! When I finally put it in my CD player, I was amazed... I fell in love with the CD after a few times of listening to it. I can't part with this album for more than a day or so because I have to listen to it... Positively addictive. She reminds me of Joni Mitchell with a modern twist. Her use of instruments (not to mention her voice) is absolutly incredible. Her voice is smooth and sultry and sings of hitting rock bottom and redemption. She is often reminiscent, sometimes brash but always beautiful. You will be missing an incredible artist if you don't buy her CD.
B00004T37H|5.0|Studio Ghibli has done it again people...created a wonderfully animated film that has a story line that is full of well thaught out charicters. The badguys are good guys and the goodguys are bad guys. If this was a Disney film the badguys would be badguys and only that and the goodguys would be the greatest heros alive. But not in the case of Mononoke Hime. The characters are realistic and so is the blood. Do not be decieved by this movie becasue it is a cartoon. It is relativley violent and what a small child would consider scary. The only problem with this movie is that not enough people have seen it. They think it will be like a Disney movie, wich it isn't. It is the best movie i have seen in a long time, including live-action ones. This is a must have for any novice anime fan, a collector and even the peopel who have never head of the genre Anime.
6304936362|5.0|This movie was great!  It had a tremendous story and enough action to keep you on the edge of the edge of your seat.  This is interesting, here's a new way to use this movie.  Watch this movie, build a model of the B-17 then go to an airshow and a airplane museum.  There are list of airshows and airplane museums on the search engines. This movie contains a great amount of historical information and by using the above formula, you and your kids can learn about aviation, history and everything involved in model building.   <br />C. Jeff Dyrek
B000050XEI|2.0|All of Enya's previous albums have been great works of amazingly complexity, unusual harmonies, and strikingly beautiful melodies.<br />Her previous album &quot;The Memory of Trees&quot; features breathtakingly innovative sounds and compositions of significant depth and innovation (such as &quot;Pax Deorum&quot;).<br />Unfortunately, this new album has virtually none of this.  She takes some of her previous melodies and recycles them into simple, repetitive pop songs.   From the other reviews, it is clear that there are many fans of her vocal style and beautiful melodies.   These fans seem oblivious to what greater elements are missing from her latest effort.
B00003CX8J|3.0|X MEN, THIS SUMMER, WAS A PRETTY GOOD MOVIE,I ENJOYED IT, IT WASNT A TYPICAL ACTION MOVIE, IT HAS SOME HEART TO IT, HUGH JACKMAN WAS INCREDIBLE AS WOLVERINE, TRULY A GREAT ACTOR, HAS A GREAT DEAL OF SCREEN PRESCENCE, BUT I DID THINK THE ENDING COULD HAVE USED SOME MORE PUNCH TO IT, THE CLIMACTIC FIGHT WITH SABER TOOTH SHOULD HAVE BEEN LONGER,AND WHERE WAS WOLVERINES BERSERKER RAGE,IT WOULD HAVE ADDED AN EGDE TO TO FIGHT SEEN IF WOLVERINE LOST CONTROL ,AND FOUGHT SABER TOOTH WITH IT,THE FILM SHOULD HAVE AT LEAST TOUCHED ON IT, TO LET YOU KNOW WHEN HIS BERSERKER RAGE GO UP, LOOK OUT,WELL ALL IN ALL I DID REALLY LIKE X MEN, HEY I SAW IT THREE TIMES, EVEN WITH THE FEW FLAWS I SAW IN IT, I STILL REALLY THOUGHT IS WAS A PRETTY GOOD MOVIE, SO TILL NEXT YEAR , OR THE YEAR AFTER THAT, LETS GO A LILDEEPER IN OLE WOLVIES PSYCHY, TILL NEXT TIME FANS , ECXELCIOR
0446677450|4.0|This book is the first in Robert Kiyosaki's trilogy of investment guides. He is always very careful not to advocate a particular path to building wealth, but instead tries to teach a mindset for achieving great wealth. Specifically, the mindset of the very rich, based on his own experiences and the teachings of his &quot;rich dad&quot;. Rich Dad Poor Dad lays the educational foundation for the other two volumes, although it stands on its own as an eye-opening and very enjoyable read. Through defining assets, liabilities, balance sheets, and income statements in simple ways, Kiyosaki conveys the basics of financial literacy from the point of view that &quot;cashflow is king&quot;. It doesn't try to be consistent with typical accountancy teachings, but strives to highlight the aspects of one's personal finances that should be given priority. It's a book that could've done with a proper editing, but has noble goals, and should be required reading for all those contemplating a life of employment, at the very least for the fresh perspective on investing that it brings.
B000002IZ4|5.0|This album is most definitely in my top five of all time. I absolutely cannot get enough of it. It has been out for quite some time now, yet remains timeless. Some of the hooks and melodies will keep you humming and singing all day long. The riffs in each and every song are so inviting and the lyrics leave you breathless.
6304118392|5.0|This is a movie about two brutal serial killers that are turned into international heroes by the media. It is considered one of the biggest experimental movies of all time. I highly recommend this if you are in the mood to see some people get killed.
068818071X|5.0|Rachel's Holiday truly captured the mind of the addict.  I was very impressed with how the author managed to weave the seriousness of the disease with the incredible humor.  She made Rachel a real and believable person.
0790741164|4.0|This was an awesome movie. It's one of my favorites. Oliver Stone did an excellent job directing this gripping movie about the assassination of JFK. It really makes you think about how HUGE the conspiracy was, how it stretched through all braches of government, just for money. While it is boring in some parts, I recommend this court room drama to anyone curious about the assassination of the President on November 22, 1963.
0792151712|2.0|I was worried when I was reading the reviews that they would all be in love with this film.  Thanks God, some reviewers had the sense to see this film for what it was - overatted!  I agree with them.  I heard much about this film, being this and that.  When I actually saw it, I wasn't impression.  There was great visual effects and story was fair, but to compare it to the Star Wars Trilogy or Superman The Movie is an insult!  The film drags on too long and is not what one expects.  I do notice that it is mainly teenage girls that seem to love this film?
0440539811|1.0|After several of my friends raved non-stop about the trilogy I decided to see what all the fuss was about.  I was without a doubt the single biggest waste of my time. I tried to read it; I actually got through the first book and into the second one before my frustration overcame me.  I did something that I have never done before I destroyed the book.  I threw it into a foul disgusting gutter where it proceeded to fester and rot.  I'm not kidding.  I actually hated the book that much.  Only the Mission Earth Series by L. Ron Hubbard comes close to being such a colossal stink bomb as this one.
B00004U30D|5.0|I typed up a review over a week ago and it never got posted, why is that?  Anyway, I'll try again so here goes.<br />American Beauty is perhaps one of the best films I've ever seen.  The main theme of the movie was beauty and how a seemingly typical surburban family went about looking for it in the wrong way.  Kevin Spacey's monologue at the end of the picture along with the part with the plastic bag blowing in the wind is a playing out of the statements: &quot;there is beauty in simplicity&quot; - unknown. &quot;matters of great concern should be taken lightly and matters of little concern should be taken seriously&quot; - Hagakure Book of the Samurai.  In other words, beauty is not how much money you have in your wallet, what kind of car you drive, getting high, and a good-looking high school girl.  Beauty is all around us in seemingly mundane things from a plastic bag blowing in the wind to the clouds in the sky.<br />I think that the people who will reflect on this film and act on it's message are not your typical suburbanites, but people who are already living fairly humble lives.  This is unfortuate, but most people are too caught up in materialism, sex and drugs to take a movie like this all that seriously.  I have to say that people who didn't like this film or just considered it &quot;OK&quot; are very superficial people.
0684853523|4.0|There's really only a handful of bits of advice on writing in here, but the book in general is still good fun.  The autobiographical bits are great, and the general tone and style offers some insights into King as a person (who generally seems to be a pretty likeable guy).  Just hearing about the early struggles of one of the world's most successful authors is worth the price of the book.  The moment when he gets a call to say that the paperback rights to Carrie had been sold is classic.  If you're a writer, would-be writer, or a King fan, this is a great read.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Russell Crowe, along with Joaquin Phoenix give an outstanding performance worthy of an Oscar nomination and destined to become one of the greatest epic depiction of one mans honor and strength versus the cowardly and deceptive self appointed emperor of Rome.  <br />Director Ridley Scott did a wonderful job of telling this fabulous story. The first battle scene of the movie, where Rome is ready to end it's long battle and defeat and concur Germania is absolutely beautiful.  Mr. Scott leaves you is aw as the archers launch hundreds of flaming arrows through the sky on that cold winter dawn.  It was one of the most beautiful scenes of this movie.  The presence of leadership in Russell Crows character as well as his love for his family is definitely felt through out the entire film.  <br />Ridley Scotts' performance in selecting Hans Zimmer as the composer of the score for this film must be commended.  Music is definitely one of the most important keys in the telling of any story.  Hans Zimmer has composed for many films, but the music in this particular movie touches the audience and completes the task the director set out to do. The audience will absolutely loose them selves in this fantastic story.<br />I rated this film with five stars for many reasons. The cinematography, the music, the story line, and the acting. I am completely satisfied.  If you are a fan of Mel Gibsons &quot;Brave Heart&quot; you will not want to miss this movie. I truly believe that if after seeing a movie, if I posses a desire to learn more about actual events similar to those in the film, than the director has done an excellent job and deserves all the recognition in world.<br />If you haven't seen this movie, take a chance, you won't regret it.
0451169514|5.0|<BR> In the small sleepy town of Derry, Maine there is something wrong. Every 30 years, young children start disappearing. The children are being preyed upon by what appears to be a circus clown. Only this isn't your ordinary circus clown. Pennywise isn't a clown, IT is a creature that can shapechange at will.  <BR> <BR> The story starts off in 1958. Pennywise has targeted seven individuals that are outcasts in junior high. These seven outcasts in junior high form &quot;the loser's club&quot; in order to get some protection from the school's  gang of bullies -Henry Bowers, Victor Criss and Belch Huggins. Unfortunately, the bullies are just the beginning of their problems. <BR> <BR>   The children start telling each other about encounters that they have had with Pennywise the clown, after Mike gives a class report that shows a drawing of Pennywise - The Dancing Clown -from the late 1880's. It turns out that Pennywise can shapechange into your deepest fear. Stan is terrified of werewolfs and when he first encounters Pennywise - it looks like a clown, but as he his backing away looking for a exit (since you normally don't encounter a clown outside the circus - and one that calls you by name from out of the shadows) he starts to see the clown change - hair on the arms, and then more and more like a werewolf as he glimpses behind him as he is being chased through the building. <BR> <BR>   After Richie's little brother is killed by Pennywise and other children disappear - the &quot;loser's club&quot; decide to enter the old town sewers and hunt down Pennywise themselves.... <BR>  <BR> I have read everything that Stephen King has written and I would have voted this to be his very best book except I was disappointed in the explanation of what the clown was at the very end of the book. But despite this I would still place this book in the top 5 of Stephen Kings best books - in the company of The Green Mile, The Stand, Christine, The Shining. <BR> <BR>
0451169514|5.0|It is by far the best book I have ever read.  At first 1100 pages looked awfully intimidating, but I never wanted to see it end. The movie, which I saw first, is a mere shadow of this book.  These seven kids will live with you forever.  It overwhelms you, draws you into the world and King has accomplished something extraordinary.  He turns the monster It into the eighth main character, for the best parts of It are when you are taken inside the mind of this creature.  It's unbelieveable.  You will remember this book forever.
0783228317|5.0|I saw this movie with my friend in May of 1998 when I was 16, and it was one of the best times I've ever had. Yes, the movie doesn't really have a point, but it is hilarious and just plain fun. Smart move by Gilliam to include huge chunks of voiceover narration, ripped straight out of the book. You can't beat Thompson's breathless hyperbole! I don't know why, but this has become my favorite film. I've since seen it over 50 times and it never gets old.
0684853523|3.0|I enjoyed this book on writing by Stephen King--it was inspirational and freeing in many ways.  I liked his discussion about plot, and how he doesn't make a slave of himself to it.  But the book didn't contain anything new about writing, and actually contained less information than in other writing books I've read.  It seems that he writes mostly by intuition, which is hard to communicate to someone else.  Also, the profanity in the book was distracting and unnecessary.  Perhaps he feels that in this point in his career, he can say what he wants, any way he wants.  I would recommend reading this if you need a &quot;You can do it!&quot; jumpstart for your writing, but I'd get it from the library instead of keeping it on your shelf for reference.
0446364495|2.0|There are a couple of other hilarious ones, including the Butches of Madison County and the Fridges of Madison county. The latter is my favorite
B000002W5J|5.0|Definitely the Airplane's best album.  Includes such great songs as &quot;She Has Funny Cars&quot;, &quot;White Rabbit&quot;, &quot;D.C.B.A.-25&quot;, &quot;Somebody to Love&quot; and &quot;Comin' Back To Me&quot;, but every song is at least quite good.  Buy it. Now.
B00000K31V|5.0|this movie was excellent. it went from one reality to the next with confusing but very interesting plot turns which make sense only after you continue watching.  this isnt a movie for people who dont want to pay attention to the dialog or storyline, it requires some thought.<br />the points which it raises are also very intresting.  the question of not knowing which is true until your able to step out of what your in has been raised by many people but shown beautifully in this movie.  if you liked this movie id recommend 'the user illusion' its a book, but excellent and explains some of the ideas in this movie in more detail.
B00000064G|5.0|The way drake plays the guitar is amazing, a spiders web of alternating emphasis which weave in and out of his poetic lyrics, hypmotizing the listener and giving them an emotional gift-if they are ready to recieve it. This is not a harrowing album, the dispair is comunicated with such beauty that it is endlessly listenable. When drake sings &quot;you can take the road that takes you to the stars, i can take the road that will see me through... i can take the rosd that will see me through...&quot; it hurts, beautifuly. Beautiful pain, i can't describe it any better than that. Go get it and just listen.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This movie has it all (strong characters, action, revenge, and cool computer animation)!  I couldn't wait for this film to come out on DVD.  When I finally received my copy I was disappointed when my DVD player couldn't play it!  I have talked to other DVD owners and they have had some problems also with certain disks including this one.  I wish everything will get rectified soon, because this movie is too good to miss out on.
B000007VCM|5.0|This album was grunge when the word still meant the sticky stuff you can't get off the bottom of your shoe. When alternative music was still mired in heavy keyboards and weird hair, this album by the Cult came out of nowhere and still ranks as one of the most powerful guitar-rock albums of all time. This is the album I had been waiting to hear all through my high school years in the early to mid-eighties. I had forgotten about it until I saw Ian Astbury singing lead for the Doors on VH-1 yesterday. &quot;Love&quot; was so good that even the Cult could never match up to it. There isn't a misstep on here musically. &quot;Revolution,&quot; &quot;Nirvana,&quot; and &quot;She Sells Sanctuary&quot; still send chills through me. Unlike the other ham-handed hair band rock of the 80s, Billy Duffy's guitar work is just from another planet. Nothing moved me as much as this album until I heard the first notes of &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; six years later. The Cult's next album, &quot;Electric,&quot; was a major disappointment after this, what with Rick Rubin's overly clean arrangements. &quot;Sonic Temple&quot; was better, but by then they had taken on more of the heavy metal element and less of the alternative. Nevertheless, &quot;Love&quot; is a shining moment.
B00004W5UA|4.0|&quot;The Secret Life Of Walter Mitty&quot; runs headfirst into &quot;The Wall&quot; in this darkly comic nihilist fable. Ed Norton and Brad Pitt give a well-choreographed tandem performance, which you come to fully appreciate as the plot's main &quot;twist&quot; becomes apparent.Helena Bonham Carter plays David Fincher's One Token Female Character Per Movie (Sigourney Weaver in &quot;Alien 3&quot;, Gwyneth Paltrow in &quot;Seven&quot;)with much aplomb.Fincher's typical murky,eye-straining cinematography, which I found distracting in his previous films, actually enhances this story's cold,feverish and damp twilight world. Deeper than most would expect, although not quite as deep as some have claimed, &quot;Fight Club&quot; is definitely a thinking person's &quot;action&quot; film.
B000050XEI|5.0|Just go buy it. She's done it again!!!
B000002UAC|4.0|Reviewing a classic Beatles album is like sitting down to critque the sunset--but here we go. The pre-Sullivan &quot;With The Beatles&quot; whips through its 14 tracks in just around 30 minutes, but leaves no doubt as to who the &quot;kings of pop&quot; were (or were about to become) in early 1963! From Paul's original,Top 40 friendly &quot;All My Lovin'&quot; and George's memorable debut &quot;Don't Bother Me&quot; to John's raw,primal cover of &quot;Money&quot;,the basic formula was cemented--the amiable McCartney wanted to please the fans,the edgier Lennon wanted to shake them up, and Harrison, apparently, just wanted to be left alone! (Ringo was just, well, Ringo.)Quintessential Fabbishness. One star is deducted with this &quot;toughlove&quot; caveat: while I have always applauded the use of the original 14-track British editions for CD issue of the Beatle catalog, the sound transfer on almost all titles remains some of the worst out there. If any group in the history of rock ever deserved a &quot;labor of love&quot; remastering...need I say more?
B00003CXE7|5.0|The Gladiator DVD is probably one of the best DVDs out with extras.  In fact, it is so loaded with them they needed a second disc!<br />Everyone knows what a great movie it was... but how about the bonuses?  Those deleted scenes were okay.  Nothing ended up on the cutting room floor that was too traumatic except for one scene where they toss Christian children into the arena.  Everyone knows that it was unfair, because the lions always had the homefield advantage.<br />The best part of the DVD bonuses is the two documentaries, one about the making of the movie, and a historical account of the real life gladiators.  The historical account heavily relies on the accuracy of the movie to tell its story.<br />We already know that Gladiator was a blockbuster in the theatre.  The extras on the disc have now made it a blockbuster @ home.
B00003CXFG|3.0|With the focus on characterization, you will not even notice the shoestring budget. Great use of the camera. Vin Diesel and the rest of the cast give fairly solid performances.  The DVD features however, blow. There isn't much 'extra' to be seen here, and I'm still trying to figure out exactly _where_ these unrated scenes were added in the movie. Get this DVD for the movie, not the features.
B00003CX8J|4.0|This movie kept my eyes glued to the screen when I first saw it at the theater (openning night).  All the characters were well done and brought to life by a well picked cast.  All the actors fit their roles so well, you could almost believe they were accually the characters.  Hugh Jackman did an excellent job as Wolverine and Patrick Stewart (like always) produces an excellent performance as Professor Xavier.  I know there are some net pickers out there that are saying that the film wasn't true to the characters in the comics.  Well, tough.  There are going to be some compromises when you try to bring a comic book with character such as the X-Men to life on the big screen.  Regardless of anything that was left out from the comics, I think this movie does fine with what it has.  This movie is perfect for a starting point to what will hopefully be an X-Men saga if not a trilogy.  Become one of the X-Men and get this must have movie.
B00003CX8J|3.0|As far as Wolverine movies go, X Men hit the mark. If you've ever wanted to see what Wolverine would like or act like on the big screen, see this movie,now.  That being said...... Every other character in this movie serves as window dressing for Wolverine. They stand in the background, spew out exposition regarding his origins, capabilities, and personality, and then scurry off to wait until they are needed for a fight scene. Little is done to explore any of the characters personalities (except for Rogue) outside of 'how does this person feel about Wolverine'. I'm still trying to block out Halle Berry's silly wig from my mind, and the less said about the 'kewl' Ray Parks, the better...<br />The DVD features a bunch of easter eggs (one especially funny one features Bryan Singer clad in the costume of another Marvel character set to hit the big screen), and the standard trailer/stills faire.
B00004XONN|5.0|It's so sad to read the harsh things people have written about this album on this site--I'd like to know what other albums these people own.  Whether Kid A is fits your personal taste or not, it's ignorant to try to deny that this album takes worthwhile risks. I head Kid A for this first time this weekend--and loved it--it's amazing. It's not The Bends, but why should it be?--Radiohead, like all artists, should be allowed to grow and change as they evolve.  This album is going to be noted as an essential to own.
6305013578|1.0|I know this film is 75+ years old, but did they HAVE to use a master that was so badly scratched,scuffed, distorted and aged? As mentioned previously, the laser disc release was MUCH more pristine.  I don't mind the music 'misplaced' with the action, and I'm certainly glad that I didn't shell out ten bucks for Bonnie Tyler yammering away on the late 80's release of Metropolis, but this DVD felt like it skimmed on quality to get it out of the door.  Metropolis deserves better than this treatment, especially in a digital format. If we live in a society where Natalie Cole can sing with her dead father(and we do), we can see the negative to Metropolis restored.
B00003CXE7|3.0|A bit overdone in the dramatic sense, Gladiator does have a few good points.  Doubtfull that anyone would notice the many historical inaccuracies (quite a few of them indeed), the director leans on computer imaging and an extremely hot actor (Russell Crowe).  Gladiator is a good movie, the action scenes are great, and does its job of entertaining the audience.
B00004XONN|5.0|As with almost any Radiohead song, the first listen of Kid A will leave you puzzled and confused as to why it received such high acclaim. Wading into a Radiohead song is like wading into an angry ocean; you have to experience it many times before you understand its patterns and keep your balance.  Don't listen to Kid A once and get lost; you'll be missing out on an amazing experience. You'll realize a.) each track has a beautiful, unique melody and b.) the songs literally MELT into one another.  &quot;Everthing in its Right Place,&quot; the first track, is a gorgeous, atmospheric piece with frontman Yorke's voice floating in an out.  Though the musical landscape seems almost bare, and only Yorke's voice and a keyboard seem to be present, an amazing intensity builds behind the song.  Track 2, Kid A, sounds like a demented lullaby, with haunting, trickling piano contrasting Yorke's anxious, computer-altered voice. Track 3, &quot;The National Anthem,&quot; is a heavy beated tune that pumps you up into a frenzy with its free form jazz horns before dropping you into a gorgeous abyss with Track 4, &quot;How to Disappear....&quot; This song takes time to love, but soon you'll be dreamily drifting on the song and feeling your heart quicken as Yorke's voice soars and climaxes in the 2nd half.  Track 5 &quot;Treefingers&quot; is a daring atmospheric prelude to track 6, the indomitable &quot;Optimistic.&quot; Called 'radio-friendly' by critics, it is a haunting piece that makes you scream along with the mournful chorus. This track molds beautifully into Track 7, &quot;In Limbo,&quot; a song that fills the air with cascading piano riffs and Yorke's trance-like warning, &quot;You're living in a fantasy.&quot;  Track 8 is a mind-blowing surprise.  &quot;Idioteque&quot; revels in a wrenching beat accompanied by Thom's heavenly vocal chords and four simple piano notes, transforming the track into the most poignant and addictive dance song (strange, huh?) this year.  [author's note:I think the lyrics 'Ice age comes and ice age comes' refers to global warming and evolution, how we're due for an ice age soon, and will all be wiped out]. And there's more! Track 9: &quot;Morning Bell,&quot; is a song with a swinging beat and a forlorn mood. Yorke's voice is at its most nasal, as he begs us, &quot;Release me, release me.&quot; This lovely song brings the listener down a little before sweeping she or he into the lovely Track 10, &quot;Motion Picture Soundtrack.&quot;  This song DEFINITELY sounds best when heard with headphones; it feels like Thom Yorke is crooning right into your ear, and you don't miss a single gorgeous cascading harp.  This song builds quietly up to a single climax before drifting away. Critics have said this piece is lovely; others have commented that it is a tawdry excuse for a song, something thrown together to give the album a finish.  I believe that's complete nonsense.  The song feels different from the rest of the album, but it also feels right.  The lyrics, &quot;I think you're crazy, maybe,&quot; is sung with wrenching emotion, as Thom Yorke pulls us further into his spiraling, harp-filled world.  Suddenly the grief leaves his voice, as he calls breathily, &quot;I will see you...in the next life!&quot;  It leaves the listener on a plateau, looking back breathlessly at all the musical ground he or she has covered, wondering how she or he got there and why the album is over so quickly and when the next Radiohead album is coming out (apparently next March, by the way).  This album is brilliant, and better, it is an experience. Who is the last artist that has crafted together an album with haunting songs that melt into one another, creating not an album with separate songs but a magical, musical, throbbing life?  Kid A is a masterpiece, a soundscape of songs crafted together masterfully and accompanied perfectly by Yorke's amazing voice, a distinctive voice that will be remembered alongside those of Robert Plant and Paul Macartney. Try out this album a few times, and you will realize it gets better each time.  Imagine that...an album you'll never grow tired of!  It certainly gets better all the time.
076790382X|5.0|Bill Bryson in a collection of sydicated newspaper articles is just as enjoyable as he is in his longer works.  Quirky, witty, and inventive.  Great choice if you only have time to read a few pages a day and nobody in your local paper floats your boat.
6305728437|5.0|I guess this is as good a place to admit it as anywhere, but I've actually got the hots for Mulan! The same thing happened a few years ago with Pocahontas. Disney keeps churning out these extremely attractive female cartoon characters and poor benighted souls like me are left to pick up the pieces. At least with real movie stars, we can always fantasize about someday meeting them on the street and striking up a conversation, but Mulan will always remain out of touch. <br />Anyway, back to the story. It's well made and interesting because it shows that Disney is waking up to the fact that the Sleeping Giant itself is waking up. There are over a billion people over there who need to be woven into Disney's world view and this is a great way to do it. The bad guys are the Huns, but, as with a lot of Disney villains, they are actually quite likeable, as long as they don't touch a hair on the head of my sweet little Mulan, that is.
B00000AFDW|3.0|When the original Kiss we're on mtv's &quot;unplugged&quot; special, and then announced they we're going to re-unite in full Costumes and Make up, everyone went frantic. but when they announced they they would be recording together again, all hell broke loose! Kiss fans we're anxiously waiting the release date for the new Kiss album, and all of us(including yours truly), wondered what it would sound like. Anyway, the day finally came for the new Lp to come out(Sept. 22nd, 1998). I, Like many other Kiss fans, rushed to the Record stores to buy the new release From Rock's most explosive band Of the 70's and 80's, and 90's. After Listening to the best songs on the Album, Which Are as Follows &quot;Psycho Circus&quot;,&quot;Dreamin&quot;, &quot;Within&quot;, &quot;Journey of 1,000 Years&quot;,and the last song on side two(The name of it has slipped my mind), I was disappointed. I also thought, &quot;you've got to be kidding me; this is what us Kiss fans waited Impatiently for?&quot;.The reason I say this, Is because the other songs on The Record sound Like something Bon Jovi Would Record; I.E-&quot;I Pledge my allegence to the state of rock and roll&quot;,&quot;Raise your Glasses&quot;, and others. And what about the hokey Peter Criss song &quot;I finally found my way&quot;?(&quot;Beth&quot; it isn't). the album just isn't all what it was put up to be, as far as I'm conserned. Now, Before anyone who Is a Kiss fan reads this Review, and gets mad, let me say that I AM NOT slandering Kiss!Yes, beleive it or not, I still like them. What I am saying here is this, This is NOT The Kiss I grew up with! Ok, Everyone's allowed a change, and change IS good, but I grew up with Kiss songs Like: &quot;Detroit Rock City&quot;, &quot;Shout it out loud&quot;, &quot;Rock and roll all night&quot;, etc. The songs on this Lp do not match up to the above mentioned songs, not in the least. On A Final Note, Let me say this; if anyone reading this is considering buying this Lp, I would recommend Listening to it first, Before Buying it(Borrow it from a friend), etc.I really thought Kiss had it in them to pull off a Great Re-union Record, but apprently, I was mistaken.
B00000DC10|5.0|This album is so raw. It brings together hardcore, electronica, and also adds political thoughts.  &quot;Capitalism is indeed organized crime&quot; as it says in one of there songs.  They sing about radical changes in governments.  The songs get you so hyped up that you just want to go crazy and break something.... great for road rage
0790733226|5.0|In my list of favorite movies, Contact resides in the top three for some years now. As a Carl Sagan fan since my early youth, I went to see this movie and I was completely blown away from the very first already classic opening scene till the end. Contact has a strong story, because you never know what will happen next and the suspense lasts until the last scene. Jodie Foster is very convincing as a researcher who believes in her discovery. I like the bonus on this DVD where she comments the complete movie.
B000002UAR|4.0|Revolver comes from a time when young people were less neurotic and self conscious. It was also a time of greater intellectual vitality. Firing Line was an hour long program on CBS, College Bowl on ABC was an extremely difficult quiz show where the TOP 5 students from major universities competed. Grade school students often carried 8 inch sheath knives to school (mumbeley peg) and there was no objection from the teachers because there was no trouble. A free society brings forth free music. A P.C. society brings forth P.C. music. Beatles music is 4 stars. Gospel rates 5. While John conned himself into thinking that GOD is merely a concept, he knew enough to pray to GOD when he kicked heroin.
B00004XONN|4.0|I liked all the Radiohead songs I heard on the radio (I like music that isn't too predictable -- maybe some dissonance, maybe an odd time-signature, a sudden key-change, etc), but I never went out and bought any Radiohead albums.  Recently, I heard &quot;Optimistic&quot; on the radio, and liked it well enough to buy &quot;Kid A&quot;.  I was shocked when Kid A was something completely unexpected, and &quot;Optimistic&quot; the most mainstream song on the album.<br />I don't think Kid A is the Holy Grail; it is an excellent album, but it really isn't groundbreaking or innovative.  Others have been doing this, and doing it well, for years.  However, that doesn't take anything away from Kid A, which is a great and compelling album.  It isn't mainstream; if you're expecting &quot;Creep&quot; or &quot;Karma Police&quot; you might be disappointed.  However, it is well-done and addictive; the kind of album that grows on you as you listen to it more and more.<br />I hope Radiohead does more albums like this one.  They're very good at this type of music, but there's room for improvement, and I'd like to some them develop this some more; they could very well produce a truly exceptional, classic work.  However, I don't think they should do ONLY albmus like this one.  They've proven themselves to be a talented and flexible band.  I'm impressed enough that I'm going to buy their older albums, too.
B000001FOS|4.0|Afetr taking 1987 off, Yngwie returned to the scene again with Jens and Anders Johansson(making their last studio appearence) Bob Daisley sharing bass duties with Yngwie, and ex-Rainbow simger Joe Lynn Turner on vocals further adding to the Yngwie ever rotating line up.  Leaving his vintage heavy metal roots even further behind (as well as the rawer guitar tone that was a big love on the earlier stuff) and entering even more in the direction that he had alluded to with TRILOGY, Yngwie gives us ODYSSEY, a pop-metal masterpiece garnering his biggest commercial success( largely due to the radio and Mtv hit, the mid tempo rocker &quot;Heaven Tonight&quot;) while still taking on all comers to his crown.     By this time, everybody on the block was emulating the neo-classical rock guitar style Malmsteen had pioneered back in the earlier part of the 80's but nobody was really even coming close to matching Yngwie's fierce vibrato, tone, and overall mastery of the electric guitar.  And it's all in rare form here too!  From the double bass thrash of the title track and &quot;Faster Than The Speed Of Light&quot;, to the mid tempo groove of &quot;Hold On&quot;, &quot;Crystal Ball&quot; and &quot;Now Is The Time&quot;.  But the true gems of the album have to be &quot;Dreaming(Tell Me)&quot; which is definently Malmsteen's best ballad with vocals and the devestating &quot;Krakatau&quot; which harkens back to his earlier recordings.  &quot;Riot In The Dungeons&quot; also deserves a big nod as does the guitar intense &quot;Deja Vu&quot; which features a nice wah tinged funk groove in the middle.     Yngwie hasn't changed much in the whole time he's been on the guitar scene, and ODYSSEY isn't much different sylistcally than any of his other albums.  If you like the others, you'll like this one.  That isn't to say that this album wasn't sort of a departure from his earlier work because ODYSSEY is a late 80's glam metal album in every sense of the word and his first two albums were not.  But, with this disc, Yngwie became both guitar superstar and radio playboy, broadening his audience even further and finding the commercial fame that had alluded him throughout the earlier part of his career.     The last album to feature the band name Rising Force for many years, ODYSSEY proved that Yngwie Malmsteen was a bonified stateside success.
B000020617|5.0|This stellar CD is still in my CD player after a full year of listening.  I love every single track on this CD.  Remember, hard rock is not always about volume...it's an attitude.  Most definitely the best money I have ever spent on a music CD.  Starting with Stacked Actors, this CD hits with both fists from beginning to end.  Compared to their other CD's, I would place this one at #1, with the other 2 in a tie for second.  With this release, Dave Grohl has firmly stepped out of the long and unfortunate shadow of Nirvana.  Recommended to everyone.
B000001FLA|4.0|By 1986, Yngwie had definently deserved the acclaim he was receiving from the guitar community.  With 2 classics firmly under his belt and a growing reputation as the premier rock guitarist, Yngwie had truly re-invented the wheel!     TRILOGY follows mostly the same pattern as the previous MARCHING OUT with the glaring exception being the overall &quot;pop-ness&quot; of the disc, possibly to widen his audience.  And, to his benefit, he did with the now standard &quot;You Don't Remember, I'll Never Forget&quot; featuring quite a fine solo and the great vocal stylings of Mr. Mark Boals.  Quite befitting Yngwie's ever present Dungeons And Dragons vibe, Boals' thin, high, shrill seems right at home with the minor key madness of such uptempo shredders as &quot;Liar&quot;, &quot;Fury&quot;, and &quot;Magic Mirror&quot;.  Anders and Jens Johannson return while Yngwie grabs the bass on this one.   We are treated to the emotionally charged instrumental &quot;Crying&quot; as well as the vocal tinged mid-tempo &quot;Queen In Love&quot; and &quot;Fire&quot;.  The trudging &quot;Dark Ages&quot; is also quite a gem on an album that really saw Yngwie lean with the glam moving times of the mid to late 1980's (possibly the only time Yngwie leaned with the times in his whole career!  He truly stands by his invented neo-classical style, but it is obvious that this record was a slight departure from the raw satan-esque vintage metal of his earlier recordings).   The true classic on this record, and what really sends it home with a four star rating instead of a 3 or 3 1/2 is the epic majesty of the title track, &quot;Trilogy Suite Opus 5&quot;.  A true high point in Yngwie's career, this instrumental reminds us of why we listen to this guy in the first place and totally is on par with &quot;Black Star&quot; or &quot;Far Beyond The Sun&quot; from his first record.   Yngwie had truly solidified himself as the master of his art and with TRILOGY, he reached a broader audience while still staying true to his artistic muse.  Quite a feat!  A true guitar classic as well as being a metal masterpiece.
0345308239|4.0|In the same way that Pauline Kael used her movie reviews, Barbara Tuchman uses history as an outlet of moral yearning.  Every book is a cry of pain and joy for the injustices and beauty of life.  Tuchman chooses her subjects carefully to convey a message to her readers, usually a cautionary tale of the abuse of power.<br />\\"The March of Folly\\" is her most direct message yet.  In it, she describes the folly of government-defined as action against self-interest despite an overwhelming preponderance of evidence to act otherwise-and how it led to several notable disastrous events.  Namely, the sack of Troy, the split of the Catholic See, the loss of the American colonies, and the policy of Vietnam.<br />But let's face it.  Tuchman wrote this book with the Vietnam chapter in mind.  Each chapter simply lays the groundwork for the material on Vietnam.  <br />The chapter Trojan Horse provides us the groundwork, the mythic case of folly we are all familiar with, and the lasting image we carry as we consider Vietnam.  <br />The Renaissance popes provides us an example of a self-perpetuating and stale system we can remember when thinking of a moribund Congress mindlessly voting appropriations for a war no one wanted.  Consequently that same chapter gives us the image of a pope throwing lavish parties for which he hired prostitutes to crawl about on all fours, completely naked, picking up scattered chestnuts with their mouths-which might remind some of our own nation's zeal in its misuse of third-world nations-El Salvador, Iran, Panama, and Vietnam spring to mind-in Cold War play.<br />The chapter on the loss of the American colonies allows readers to take pride in their forefathers' proaction and righteousness in comparison to the slothful and ignorant course corrupt, money-bought English Parliament followed, before comparing U.S. government in the 1950s-60s to those same English aristocrats of the 1770s.  This chapter later raises uncomfortable questions about the U.S. anti-nationalistic policy in Vietnam, which worked against self-determination and, consequently, democracy.<br />But by the time she arrives in Vietnam, she has stored up too much information.  Tuchman bombards us with so many facts, memos, and bad decisions that we get lost in a labyrinth.  Her prose gets bogged down.  We forget where we are in the war, every page sounds the same, and it ends up so overwhelming that it's ineffective.  It's like she's waited years to write this chapter, and has done too much research and wants to cram it all in a few pages.<br />In the end, I have to agree with other reviewers who say it's not her best work.  It is a work of passion.  And as such, it's admirable for its passion, because it all rings true.<br />PS - Ignore all that conservative/liberal claptrap.  Both sides of the political coin had their hands bloodied in Vietnam.  And if you can't learn from your mistakes, you're bound to repeat them.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Director Ridley Scott triumphs again in this modern EPIC. I need not put more into this review than to simply say this is a great film. From the openning battle in Germania to the final dual between Maximus(Crowe) and Commodus(Phoenix) in the Coliseum, this movie is an audio and visual feast on a grand scale.<br />Like James Cameron, Steven Spielberg, and Wolfgang Peterson, Ridley Scott ranks as one of my favorite directors because these gentlemen all make high quality films. They are all visionaries who are masters of using modern visual effects to tell stories which have timeless themes. Gladiator is a perfect example.<br />Other Ridley Scott films I recommend: ALIEN, Blade Runner, Black Rain.
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|I saw this movie in the theater and it was the funniest I have ever seen.  I was totally shocked when the male nudity was shown, but it just made the movie that more funny.  I went to see the movie with one of my friends and during a scene, he was literally rolling down the aisle. If your in a mood to watch a nasty, crude, crass, and down right dirty movie, go get Scary Movie.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Thirty years after their break-up, the Beatles' music still thrills and astonishes. The attention we continue to pay them is fully justified, and this CD fully bears that out. The idea of putting out a disc of number ones is supportable, and largely captures, while not encompassing, the group's extraordinary range. I do believe this disc would have been made even better, however, both musically and, more importantly, conceptually by the inclusion of &quot;Rain&quot; and &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever,&quot; two of their greatest songs...indeed, though &quot;Penny Lane&quot; is pretty much the equal of &quot;Strawberry Fields,&quot; &quot;Rain&quot; is a much better track than &quot;Paperback Writer,&quot; as clever as the latter is. I fully appreciate the fact that neither of the omitted songs reached number one, but both were part of what were clearly conceived as two-sided singles along the lines of &quot;We Can Work It Out&quot; and &quot;Day Tripper.&quot; (Parenthetically, doesn't it still just boggle the mind that any band at any time was functioning at such a remarkable creative level that it could put out a single with &quot;Penny Lane&quot; on one side and &quot;Strawberry Fields&quot; on the other? I just shake my head in admiration.) But I dare say not even the most die-hard fan, and I was in that category in 1966 just as much as I am today, would have thought about re-buying the same single in order to boost the flip side to number one upon its release. Thus there is something slightly bogus about assigning one side of these quite consciously conceived two-sided 45's a number one while not assigning the other. Most of us back then were buying both songs, but only buying one 45. I realize that if one takes this basic premise about 2 sided singles to its logical conclusion then at least &quot;Revolution&quot; and &quot;Baby You're a Rich Man&quot; should also be included, but, frankly, I don't see their omission as being as significant. &quot;Rain&quot; and &quot;Strawberry Fields&quot; are both essential to understanding where the Beatles were sonically at the moment those singles came out, i.e. working on &quot;Revolver&quot; and &quot;Sgt. Pepper's&quot; respectively, and omitting them leaves a notable creative gap. Fundamentally, of course, I agree with the sentiment that so many have expressed: everyone should have everything...or should I say &quot;Every Little Thing!&quot;
B00003CX8J|4.0|Take this movie for what it is; a cartoon done with actors and technology. It's supposed to be fun, have lots of action, and cool special effects. I think they pulled it off really well. Don't get this expecting Dances with wolves, but count on more then batman.
0399146253|3.0|I too have read all of Cornwell's novels and have loved themall. I preordered The Last Precinct and started reading the day itarrived. I enjoyed getting to know Dr. Scarpetta a little betterthrough her conversations with Anna. I think Cornwell spent a littletoo much time talking about Kay's sexuality and whether she wasattracted to various females we've read about in previous books. Ialso don't mind that it was more of a sequel than a stand-alone bookas Cornwell's novels have been.<br />What I didn't like was the end....Maybe I missed something here.<br />I hope Cornwell goes back to heroriginal style of writing with more action and suspense. Overall thiswas a good book. It just seemed to fall to pieces at the end.
B00003CX8J|4.0|I watched the DVD in the comfort of my home along with my wife.  I was fairly familiar with the comic book series, but my wife barely even knew what a mutant is.<br />The good news is that Director Singer does a masterful job of delicating choosing his &quot;juicy bits&quot; from the comic book series and constructing a movie which is enjoyable whether you're like me... or my wife.<br />The only fault I can find is that Singer leaves us with a cliff-hanger of Empire Strikes Back proportions which leaves the casual view feeling unsatisfied... or like they only got half a movie.  Of course, the cliff-hanger does leave the promise of a sequel and, again, Singer carefully alluding to many different plots he might address in an upcoming film.<br />Overall, a seriously pleasing popcorn flick.
B00004X01U|1.0|As others, I bought the CD after hearing the &quot;Music&quot; single. I really like the song, but the rest of the CD lacks any intelligence. Such music makers as William Orbit should refrain from the Goddess of bland and focus on newer and off beat artist. If you're looking for a CD with spunk, and artistic gusto, check out Meg Lee Chin's &quot;Snake and Junkies.&quot; I dare you to take a risk!
B00001NFCY|5.0|Do not be surprised if you play through this CD on the first listen and find yourself only liking &quot;Higher&quot;.  That is what I did last year when I first purchased this CD.  I proudly walked over to my neighbor's place and told him &quot;Human Clay&quot; was not any good.  Well, I was wrong.  Each of the 11 tracks deserve attention.<br />In many respects, this is a much superior effort from the foursome.  First of all, you can tell that they had a bigger budget to record with this time.  The sonic quality of the CD is first-rate and much richer than &quot;My Own Prison&quot;.  There is a definite improvement on the bottom end of the recording (bass and drums).  Both Brian Marshall (bass) and Scott Phillips (drums) can be heard loud and clear this time.  Secondly, the attention to melody on all 11 tracks is evident and welcome.  That is a credit to better song writing.  Third of all, Mark Tremonti tries some different things with his guitars and guitar effects.  It makes for an interesting sound.  Scott Stapp (lead vocals) is the fourth reason this album works well.  The man can sing with power, passion, and emotion, and he shows good range with his vocal talents.  Finally, the lyrics are wholesome and thought provoking (no naughty words this time).  In spite of the melancholy feel with regards to the hard-edged sound, there is a great deal of hope and promise in the words (&quot;Higher&quot;, &quot;Eyes Wide Open&quot;, &quot;Inside Us All&quot;, &quot;Faceless Man&quot; - just to name a few).<br />The only downside with this release is the absence of up-tempo rockers such as &quot;Unforgiven&quot;, &quot;Sister&quot;, or &quot;One&quot;.  &quot;Human Clay&quot; is basically a collection of power ballads and slower grunge fests that work well, but Creed demonstrated good rock-n-roll instincts on &quot;My Own Prison&quot; that seem to be held back a little on &quot;Human Clay&quot;.  Maybe the greater attention to melody and lyrics on this newer CD expended agreat deal of creative energy, but hopefully for the third album, Creed can marry its new talents with the rock energy it displayed on its first CD.<br />Anyway, you should see this a being a good buy.  It is definitely a more mature effort from Creed and an enjoyable collection of songs.
B00004S6GL|5.0|This, Elliott Smith's fifth cd, is possibly his best album yet. There is nary a bad track among them. Each has it's own charms to it. The album starts off with a bang (&quot;Son of Sam&quot;) and ends in melancholy piano (&quot;Bye&quot;) and each track in between is intricately performed. This is one of my favorite albums of all time. It would make the perfect christmas gift for anyone, I guarantee satisfaction.
B00003CXE7|3.0|I gave this movie 3 stars; only because I reserve 4 &amp; 5 stars for movies that really blow me away like American Beauty or The Matrix. Gladiator was a generally good movie that could have been better. I saw two major problems: Action filming style and number of sentimental moments.  The action scenes were shot at two close a range and in most of the battle scenes used blurring affects that detracted from the viewers immersement; outweighing any artsy motivation. Toward the middle and end of the movie more of the action was seen from a distance; but often cut from one strike to another making it hard to realize the choreographing.  About the sentimental moments; the acting was wonderful and did pull on those heartstrings. My complaint is that there were just too many of those \\"Powerful\\" moments instead of building to a few main moments.  Quick note: Scenery and costumes were excellent and gave you an idea of the \\"Glory of Rome\\" might have looked like. All in all, I'm glad I saw it and enjoyed it - but wish I had rented it and not bought it first.
B00003CXE7|5.0|The movie is great, but even better--only on DVD--are the extra features.  You'll especially like the historical short, which draws on real scholarship (not just moviemaking) about gladiators and their life, and the commentaries.  Outstanding!
6301969294|2.0|I'm not sure what planet Ayn Rand came from, but her dialog bears no relation to the way that people actually communicate.<br />Peter Keating:  &quot;Howard, I'm a parasite, I've lived off of other people all my life and hated myself for it&quot;.  <br />Ellsworth Toohey:  &quot;I play the stock market of the mind, and I sell short&quot;.    <br />Roarke's academic dean:  &quot;There's no place for originality in architecture, no one can improve on the buildings of the past, one can only learn to copy them.  It's my duty as your dean to tell you that you'll never be an architect&quot;.<br />Are you serious Rand?  These characters don't do a very good job of selling your philosophy because they're so absurdly unbelievable.<br />People are rioting in the streets because an architect dares to be different?  Howard Rourke agrees to design a housing project for the poor anonymously, allowing the hapless Peter Keating get all the credit for it, than blows it up because changes have made to the original design?  Isn't blowing up a building a felony and shouldn't he have done a little time in the clink for this?  <br />This movie hasn't aged well, to be kind.
B00003CXE7|3.0|I feel this movie is overrated. Sure the graphic and sound are good. However this movie has no story line. They spent too much money on the clothes and the set to make it look &quot;realistic&quot; that they over-do it. Perhaps that's why they didn't have any money left for a real plot. The actor isn't suck, but any other actor could have played the role the same. There's nothing great here about this guy's acting. See it for what it is: good fighting scenes.
0399146253|5.0|I really enjoyed this book; some of the things the negative reviews don't like are just what I enjoyed.  I think its obvious that Kay is going to begin a new chapter in her life, and this book wraps up a lot of loose ends in Richmond but still has an interesting mystery at its core.  Its not surprising that she seems less spunky and spirited and so mentally drained in this novel because, well, she's just been raked over the coals emotionally too many times.  How she has survived not only the horror she sees daily but the horror that has occured to her personally has been a mystery, and her &quot;burning out&quot; is a logical evolution of her life.  Yet the door opens to a great new chapter in her life in New York (hopefully) and a few strings are left untied, so the auther can completely shift gears and open up many new story lines for Kay.  I suspect, or maybe its just wishful thinking, that her new friend Jamie will become a &quot;regular&quot; and we could even see her own books in the future!
0780631684|1.0|This movie was....what's the word?  AWFUL.  I would highly recommend this movie to anyone looking to waste their valuable time.  The overall concept is quite ingenius, but it was just so predictable and ridiculous.  I knew everything that was going to happen.  I could have written this movie if someone gave me the idea.  I would rather have my nose hairs ripped out one by one rather than think of this movie again.
0525945636|3.0|Ive always been a huge fan of Mr. Folletts work but was a little disappointed with the last two releases. After the first good reviews of his latest effort I eagerly awaited the delivery of the novel and immediately started reading.<br />The story is good and exciting, but the book could have been so much better if Ken Follett had just developed the characters a little deeper. The british edition clocks in at just 324 pages, at twice that amount &quot;Code to Zero&quot; could have been brilliant.<br />Just imagine the lead character waking up without any memory of who he is - solving not only his own mystery but working out his past love life, saving the American space program and bringing the bad guys to justice - all in 300 pages (net).<br />I would have loved a little more of this basically good story for my money. Ken Follett knows how to keep readers hooked beyond a few pages, as hes proven with blockbusters like &quot;Pillars of the Earth&quot; or &quot;Night Over Water&quot; - why not try again?
0451196716|5.0|I HAVE TO SAY THIS BOOK WAS SUPERB. THE STORY IS APPALLING, HEARTWRENCHING AND PAGE-TURNING. I FOUND MYSELF GOING BACK CHAPTERS AT A TIME JUST TO REREAD THE HORRIFIC PARTS. WHEN I SAID IT BROUGHT OUT ALL THE EMOTIONS, I TRULY MEANT IT. I CRIED MANY TIMES WHILE READING THIS STORY. I WAS BROKENHEARTED, ANGRY, HAPPY AND DISGUSTED, YET I WAS COMPELLED BY THE SUSPENSE TO CONTINUE READING.IF EVER YOU WANTED TO BE ONE OF THOSE KING-READERS WHO ALWAYS READS THE LAST PAGE BEFORE READING THE WHOLE BOOK, THIS IS DEFINITELY THE BOOK YOU'LL WANT TO DO IT TO. ALTHOUGH I DON'T EVER DO THIS MYSELF, I MUST SAY IT TOOK ALL MY WILLPOWER TO REFRAIN FROM TURNING TO THE LAST PAGE AND READING IT. THATS HOW MUCH SUSPENSE IS PACKED IN THIS BOOK. ENJOY!
0792151712|2.0|A tragedy as monumental and as riveting as the sinking of RMS Titanic could have stood very well on its own without being buried in a cloying soap opera.  I thought I was watching &quot;The Perils of Jack and Rose.&quot;   This movie is an embarrassment -- to me for watching it (I couldn't watch it all the way through), to the director, to the actors and to the unfortunate real-life passengers, who are sunk all over again.  What's next, Mr. Cameron:  &quot;Leo and Kate in the San Francisco Earthquake?&quot;  &quot;Leo and Kate in the Great Chicago Fire?&quot;<br />So much of this film is downright laughable:  the blue plastic diamond; the charcoal nudie drawing that somehow survived 84 years underwater; the steamed-up car windows and the heavy breathing; the wildly-swinging axe that miraculously severed Leo's handcuffs; the silent-movie-quality acting and dialogue.<br />There were so many compelling true stories in the actual sinking that it was entirely unnecessary to concoct a fictional one.<br />The worst thing is that the real-life passengers we see here were so greatly diminished.  Benjamin Guggenheim (&quot;We are prepared to go down like gentlemen&quot;) was portrayed as a drunk.  The Unsinkable Molly Brown was told to &quot;shut that hole in your face,&quot; and we don't see why it is that she is considered a heroine today.  Everyone in the cast looked like puppets, like stock characters.  Kate Winslet had only one facial expression throughout the whole movie (and her clown-white makeup didn't help).<br />I give this movie two stars, one for the special effects and one for the costumes.
B000050XEI|3.0|I like the music very much, and I'm delighted to see another Enya album. Nonetheless, with only 34 minutes, this shouldn't really be sold as a full-price CD. Please understand that it's not that I dislike paying the price, but that I would have hoped that after this many years without a CD that Enya could have come up with a full-length CD.
6304119046|5.0|This is quite simply, one of the finest movies ever.  I could go on for pages about the way Citizen Kane changed movie making forever, but I won't.  I agree with the reviewer who says that the movie tells a great emotional story.  It seemed to be one of the more intellectual reviews I've read.  Except for one thing...in any review of a classic film, or any film for that matter, you cannot simply cast aside the 'special effects' or any other aspect of the film.  To say that all that is secondary and that only the story is important is ludicrous.  The camera work, the directing, the cinematography, the performances, the writing, all of these are essential parts of the story, and Wells is a master.  The use of circular narrative, the deep-frame focusing, the high and low camera angles, the use of light and shadow(you only have to look at Conrad Hall's work in American Beauty, to see Kane's impact).  This is a master work because every aspect of the production works together, not because the story is good.  Whether you like 'Star Wars' or 'Ma Vie en Rose', watch this movie and see cinema's greatest achievment.
B00003CXE7|2.0|I know it's a great movie and everyone loves it.  However, I was VERY disappointed with the quality of the DVD.  <br />2 and a half hour movie is too small for one DVD.  They compressed the movie too much into one DVD and the screen was very jerky when i played the movie.  <br />I hope they will release a new edition with double-side DVD.
B000002AVF|5.0|Well I gave it five stars because it is by Mariah Carey and she is like my favorite recording artist ever!  The cd is wonderful I have had it since it first came out and has always been on of my favorite cd's.
B000051VWW|3.0|I have been a big Sade fan for several years now and consider her to be one of my all-time favorite artists in this type of music.  There is nothing on this album that is even close to her past classics.  The melodies are light and undeveloped, and not uplifting.  This album just never picks me up in the way her old stuff does -- even after repeated listens.
B000005J56|5.0|Though my CD player normally has rock music blasting from its speakers, this album is amoung my favorites.  I saw the movie and was overcome by the beauty of the music.  It is a great addition to my collection, and it has aroused my intrest in music of its type.  The first track is great, so click the link to listen to it if you need more convincing.  It is characteristic of the whole CD and demonstrates exactly why I love the music.
B000050XEI|5.0|Since I bought this CD last Tuesday, it has not left my car CD player, or when I'm at home my home CD player.  This is inpirational, beautiful, soul-stirring stuff.  The standout track in my opinion is &quot;Flora's Secret&quot;, which is one of those songs that manages to be catchy without being annoying - a difficult feat to master.  The lyrics are wonderful and have made me want to fall in love with love again.  Thank you Enya for bringing peace to my life through your music.
006016848X|5.0|I was really skeptical when a friend told me this book was fantastic.  Especially when I realized it was written by a guy who was writing relationship books even before he got a divorce (he has since remarried successfully).  I figured it was a trendy book that was going to stereotype men and women and say a few facts about the obvious differences- but I figured, it was worth looking at, couldn't possibly hurt anything.<br />Boy, were we surprised!  First my husband and I tried so hard to convince each other we were not like the average Martian and Venutian, but really much as the motivations were oversimplified it really did describe incredibly well exactly how we behaved under certain circumstances.  And gave really concrete tips on what to do differently to avoid communication gaps.  Now when we start getting frustrated we can take a step back and say &quot;oh, we're having a Mars-Venus moment here&quot; and we find our communication, honestly, is greatly improved, and we're happier.<br />Once we'd gotten the first few points down we found the book somewhat repetitive and overly simplistic- applying the same concepts to every possible situation, even when obvious- but then every now and again we'd start a new chapter and walk away saying &quot;wow, I never realized that.  you really think that way about things?&quot;  Overall, every relationship could use a few communication tips, and I certainly learned a lot more than I thought I would from this book.  It's fantastic.
B00003CX9W|5.0|Walt Disney's visionary masterpiece is as enduring today as when it was first released in 1940.  Though one might assume that this is a film for children, it really knows no age, and it is just as enjoyable for adults.  The combination of beautiful classical music led by renowned conductor Leopold Stokowski, and amazing animations from the Disney team is a banquet for the senses.<br />What is so amazing about this film is how far ahead of its time it was.  Disney had already pioneered the concept of bringing classical music to children with \\"Silly Symphonies\\" which were animated shorts set to familiar classical pieces.  He had developed the Multiplane camera, which allowed animations to appear as if they had depth.  He had assembled an enormous team of animators and redefined the industry.  Everything was in place for a chance meeting with Leopold Stokowski that flowered into a collaboration of obsessive geniuses that would become Fantasia.<br />Fantasia really consists of a series of enchanting animated shorts, each adapted to a particular piece of classical music.  There are free form abstract interpretations like the Toccata and Fugue in D Minor (Johann Sebastian Bach), a Mickey Mouse version of the Sorcerer's Apprentice (Paul Dukas), and interpretive pieces such as the Pastoral Symphony (Ludwig van Beethoven) and the Nutracker Suite (Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky).  The selection of the music and the animators' perfect synchronization of the visual images produce a magical and seamless product that makes it seem that the music is written for the images rather than the other way around.<br />Another groundbreaking concept was the sound.  Disney invented a system of multiple tracks that he called Fantasound, that placed microphones throughout the orchestra and recorded each track separately.  The theaters were then fitted with numerous speakers all around the room that made the sound feel as if it was coming from everywhere.  With this, Disney created surround-sound fifty years before its time.  To understand what an achievement this was, one would need to understand that simple two speaker stereo hadn't yet been invented.  The DVD was re-mastered from Disney's original Fantasound soundtrack making the surround-sound spectacular.<br />The animations were nothing short of miraculous.  There was neither digital technology nor computer graphics in 1940.  Each frame of the film had to be individually drawn by an animator.  One frame took an animator about three hours to complete and there were 24 frames per second.  That meant that each second of the film required three full days of labor to produce.  The work necessary to produce the smoothly flowing images we see is mind-boggling.<br />The DVD contains a fascinating featurette on the making of the film, including some priceless footage of Disney interviews.  He poured his soul into the project and he was crushed that Fantasia was a financial failure when it was released.  He endured the negative criticism of its artistic value with great anguish.  Little did he know that it would be re-released countless times and eventually become a pop cultural institution.  <br />This is a joyful assembly of imagination, invention and dedication, which has left the entire world richer.  It is the consummate animated experience.  My rating is 10/10.  It is one of the few DVD's that I own.  Buy it today and marvel at its timeless magic.
B00003CXFG|4.0|'Pitch Black' is a stark, surprisingly well-developed and thought out variation on the outer-space, Sci-Fi action thriller.  Special effects are suprisingly good for a low-budget film, and the acting and character development are what set it apart from so many, many bad past films of the same genre.<br />Vin Diesel is a star in the making.  This is not where you first heard it, but it's only a matter of time before his star explodes into a SuperNova.  His charisma and intensity are palpable, and he has more muscles than any leading man since Arnold.  Catch him in the movie, 'Boiler Room' for a look at him in a suit, with nothing to else to rely on except his great acting ability.  Most of all, his very unique features, baritone voice, and ambiguous ethnic backgound make him a very memorable, unique hero/antihero and an actor to watch.<br />Other characters were less compelling, especially David Keith's very formulaic role as a muslim holy-man.  Where have I seen that character before?  Somewhere, I'm sure.<br />Radha Mitchell also turns in a pretty good performance as the group leader and seat of their moral angst.  Once again, pretty good character development on the ambiguity of good/evil. Although not of fashion model dimensions or strikingness, Ms. Mitchell's character and features tend to grow on you. Within the first ten minutes of the film, one begins to realize that she is one very, very attractive young woman!  She is a fine actor, too, and I was more than a little surprised to find out that she is actually an Australian, and NOT an American, as portrayed in the film.  If she can do a passably good American accent, why can't Mel Gibson??<br />There is a big enough plot twist in the end to keep you satisfied *after* the movie is over.  Coupled with the unique, interesting characters, better-than-average character development, better-than-average SFX, and some eye-candy in Diesel and Mitchell, this is a movie that you will remember some time after seeing it.How many other formulaic space-monster Sci-Fi thrillers in recent memory can you say that about?
B00004YA66|5.0|I'm glad to see that this DVD is selling well (it's #52 as I write this) because it deserves to. This is simply one of the best films I have ever seen. If you can, watch it alone or with others who are serious about watching movies, 'cause you have to pay attention. If you do I think you will find yourself fully engrossed and emotionally involved. It has elements of mystery, sci-fi fantasy and drama, and great performances by Quaid, et al. It explores a familiar theme--i.e. what would be the consequences of changing the past, but with a unique twist I think.<br />The DVD has some nice extras, including a look at the special effects and some other things that tie in with the subject matter, and also one of those oh-so-cool full-motion scene menus (like The Matrix), but the main attraction in this package is definitely the feature.
B00003CX8J|4.0|Fox has given this one another of their superior DVD treatments. Primary among the extras are the deleted scenes. Usually, you can understand why scenes were exiled. In this case, it makes you wonder what director Brian Singer was thinking. Most of the material that was cut helps explain the character motivations beyond anything that had previously been seen. The relationship between Jean Grey and Wolverine actually gets some meaning to it. It helps delve into Rogue's mind a bit more as well.<br />The movie itself is curiously involving despite it's shortcomings. Is it great, no. The special effects are though. The performances, for the most part, are very good. And, it rarely falls below good. Best of all, it doesn't take itself too seriously. Now, if only Anna Paquin could decide if she's going to actually have an accent through the whole movie (No Kevin Costner jokes.)
0684857219|1.0|Schwarzenegger was the best and most dominant bodybuilder inhistime. I am not trying to take anything away from hisaccomplishments. However, one thing he is not to the masses is an BBinstructor. His training routines and philosophies are flawed and attimes embarassing. It will take an exceptional, genetically giftedperson ... to acheive such a significant build following this book,and there certainly exists a much better means of doing so.<br />The onlymerit I find for the book is the comprehensive list of exercises (mostwhich are unnecessary, but I believe you should be at least aware of)and a brief history of who's who in the BB world (if you are into thatsort of thing).... This will at least point you in the rightdirection.  &quot;You wouldn't ask a race horse on how hetrains.&quot; Arthur Jones
B00003CX8J|4.0|This is a great movie but why is every single movie that's on DVD widescreen format?  How is it better to watch a movie on 1/3 the screen real estate for a fraction more video on the right and left?  How about a movie that takes up my whole TV screen?
0399146253|4.0|Being a long-time reader of Patricia Cornwell and especially Dr. Kay Scarpetta books, I was waiting with baited breath for this one, as I'm sure a lot of readers were. I was glad for the somewhat slow beginning, but one that shows Kay as a human being, rather than this ultra-perfect, untouchable medical investigator who never sleeps or celebrates any holidays. Murder doesn't respect holidays or human life. After Kay's lover's murder, she just threw herself into work. The Last Precinct gives Kay a beginning where she can cry -- yes, Dr. Scarpetta can actually cry! -- and look inward at her own suffering, instead of only other people's suffering. <br />Murder continues in Kay's life, and she has to continue being a medical investigator, even while she is being investigated as a perpetrator of the very crimes she has to investigate. The surprise ending brings back Benton's murder and police deputy chief Diane Bray's murder, both from Cornwell's last Scarpetta book, Point of Origin. The ending puts the murders and other aspects of Kay's life in perspective, as Kay's professional life changes forever. A must read for those who have learned to love Kay Scarpetta from Cornwell's other books.<br />The book is still a little slow in the reading, and would be a hard read for someone new to Scarpetta, although the end to the so-called Werewolf murders and a look inside Kay's life keeps those familiar with the series moving along in the book. I guessed correctly who was behind the murders about three-quarters of the way into the book, but I didn't make all the connections, and I'm not sure someone unfamiliar with this series would have been able to figure it out. I was a bit disappointed that I was able to guess the ending, but I still liked the book. Cornwell still remains my favorite crime novelist, and Kay my favorite protagonist!
B00004Y87O|4.0|Here's the film that made Kurt Russell an action star. He forever shed his &quot;Computer Wore Tennis Shoes&quot; Disney image in favor of the raspy voiced Snake Plisken. John Carpenter directed this, which in hind sight stands well on it's own. The sequel, &quot;Escape from L.A.,&quot; is basically a retread which serves no real purpose.<br />While the original is dated, the story is set in the bleak future of 1997, the digital transfer for the DVD is top notch. Not a lot of extras here, but the trailer is so poorly edited that it's good for a laugh. The performances are of questionable quality, Carpenter seems to have told his actors to act like wood, but the overall effect is one of the better B-movies of the early '80s.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Carlos,<br />TO spread the message of world music.  WE must all consider you the master of ceremonies.  Your new record defines the fusion of world music.  I want to bring to your attention an overlooked band.<br />CYMANDE  pronounced ( sah mahn day )! These original funky brothers from all hailing from the West Indies created the most amazing and invigorating fusion of funk and african reggae ever heard.<br />Most famously sampled by the Fugees, De La Soul ,EPMD and many others. Cymande is one of the most sampled bands in Hip Hop ever. <br />However, no longer is this band hip hop's little secret. The new album CYMANDE &quot;THE SOUL OF RASTA&quot; allows new listeners to hear the great original tracks in a re mastered format. Featuring &quot;Brother's on the Slide&quot; and &quot;Listen&quot;. This is an anthology of their most memorable material from the original 3 LPs recorded the between 1972-1974 in London, UK. Its unfortunate that their amazing musicianship was too unique for the period. <br />Yet today people are rediscovering and grooving to these hidden jewels. Dive in and feel the Funk!
1559408898|5.0|To keep this short, this film is stunning in every way.  For the year it was made in, the visual and audio quality is amazing.  Buy this now.
079070546X|5.0|My family and I watch National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation every Christmas. It has become a tradition in my family and it is just not Christmas without watching it! It's extremely hilarious!
B00000I8BX|4.0|I bought this CD a few days ago used...I thought it would be your average heavy metal sounding band after hearing a few friends talk about it.  But when I gave it a lsiten, I was blown away with the amazing music.  Being a drummer myself, I love the double-bass drums in the music and the rockin' guitars.  It's a full package.  I personally don't adore the singer's voice, but not bad at all.  I must say, this is a nice pick-up for any heavy metal / hard core / death metal fan.  Give it a whirl...you'll be impressed.
B00003CWL6|1.0|The director deserves credit for the usual things a director must do to complete a movie.  And my accolades stop there.<BR> This is, on my personal list, the #2 worse movie I've seen in the last 10 years.  If you are a person of morals and think Hollywood is morally bankrupt and celebrate their immorality then this movie is proof of that belief.  It is a microcosm of liberalism where all the &quot;hero&quot; or &quot;good&quot; characters are disfunctional (drug users, adulterers, liars, blackmailers, voyeurs, etc).  This movie won Best Picture for one reason -- payback for Forrest Gump which was widely hated by the Hollywood elite for it's virtues.  Watch at your own risk, but be wary of impressionable children and teenagers watching.
0783229526|5.0|this is perhaps the best cult film to ever be made.  i personally have watched it countless times, and each time it is just as funny, and obscure as the time before.  people that don't like the movie, such as leonard maltin, have absolutely no sense of humor, don't like cult films, and have no business writing reviews...if your into more than just plain vanilla movies, this is for you, if not go rent 'the sound of music'.<br />cynde morgan rosen
0440219078|5.0|This book is thought-provoking for young people.  I'd describe it as &quot;1984&quot; or &quot;Brave New World&quot; for young people, only this book ends with a bit of hope for the reader.  It's a Newbery-Award winner for a reason.  I recommend it for anyone but expecially adolescents.
B00000ILDE|5.0|Not wanting to take on an already perfect original master director/writer James Cameron took a different direction while remaining honest to Alien.  The result is just a perfect combination of &quot;get even&quot; action and suspense.<BR> When the Marines are sent in to clean up the aliens they find out quickly that superior training and weapons are no match for speed, cunning, and numbers.  Cameron quickly turns this self-confident ho-hum &quot;bug hunt&quot; mission into a disaster that quickly becomes a fight for survival.  And it's a really serious fight.  I can't think of a better treatment for a sequel.  It complements and honors the original.  Too bad Alien 3 wrecked the trend.<BR> Also check out the extras on the DVD.  Very cool.
0747550727|5.0|As the addage goes, if you can't stand the heat, get out of the kitchen, Anthony Bourdain's kitchen is exactly any kitchen I myself have ever worked in. His descriptions of co-workers, fellow chef, owners....all I kept thinking is, &quot;ooh man, we've worked with the same people!&quot;  For the longest time I often wondered, is it just the kitchens I've chosen to work in, or is it the F&amp;B profession in general? Kitchen Confidential proved to me that it is indeed a sub-culture, only a rare breed of person can survive in the situations we find ourselves in every day, the hectic fast paced lunch rush, the dinner hour that never seems to end, and just when you think it's almost over, the hostess comes back with the comment...&quot;the waiting list is down to one hour&quot;  I love my job, its my passion, besides where else would I be able to find another group of warped bastards to play with food with?
006092988X|5.0|This book wa like reading a collage.  Ms. Smith gives the reader many 'snapshots' of what life is like for Francie.  We learn about her mother and her father and how Francie is like (and unlike) them.  We learn about her setting and how Brooklyn makes her who she is.  We learn about how poverty shaped her character.  It's really a marvelous book, the kind I read at least twice a year just to releran the lessons it teaches me.  What are those lessons?  Here are a few: children pay attention to more than we think they do; poor people aren't always lazy; you can love somebody but also occasionally hate them...<br />Bottom line? READ THE BOOK!  (Then read it again.)
B00003W8NM|4.0|When this movie was over, my first utterance was &quot;wow.&quot;  I reluctantly watched it on DVD because I wasn't interested in seeing the movie based on the terrible previews that ran.  They did not do the movie justice.  And once you see the movie you'll understand why the trailer was lousy -- they couldn't really tell you much otherwise they would give the story away.  And no, it's not a movie about a bunch of guys fighting.<BR> From the first scene to the end I was hooked, especially after the first plot twist.  It was one of those &quot;what the...!&quot; moments.  If you are not offended by violence and sexual situations this movie is worth a shot, but pay attention to details.  I can't say more without giving away the very complicated plot.  And after you've watched the DVD check out the extras.  It's loaded with them.
0684833395|4.0|Catch-22 should be mandatory reading for all mankind across the world.  The book is painfully funny, infinitely insightful, supremely intelligent, brutally sad and it awakens one's soul.  Heller does a masterful job of exposing the absurdities of military and reveals the brutality that invariably accompanies any war.  Moreover, Heller's commentary on capitalism and greed as powerful motivating factors that drive man to do some silly things was also very interesting.  Do yourself a BIG favor.  Read Catch-22.  You won't regret it.
B00003CX5A|4.0|There's nothing in this movie to make you lose sleep, or drop your jaw in awe.  But if you are a Tim Burton fan or even a fan of old horror films you must see this.  The photography and sets are just perfect for this story, and the acting is top notch as well.  Just an overall entertaining &quot;popcorn&quot; movie with with high production values.  Johnny Depp continues to be one of the most underrated actors around.  He has more range and &quot;faces&quot; than 80% of Hollywood.
0871137380|5.0|Black Hawk Down is a great story of modern war. The book gave me a greater understanding of what combat is like. It was great how it all flowed together even though it did not go in order. It was intresting to read about how the operation went and what men were doing and thinking. I highly recomend this book if you want to get a greater under standing of war and its affects on people.
1577311523|5.0|Eckhart Tolle proposes that we can become aware of a different state of being.  We can do this by refocusing some our awareness away from the outside world which habitually draws our attention and redirecting it to the internal one.  The payoff is a deeper experience of life.  The &quot;normal&quot; way of being is to be drawn into whatever our mind/ego, what he calls the &quot;pain body&quot;, decides to identify with.  In practicing awareness of &quot;now&quot;, we are no longer responding to the illusion of the future or past.  These are mind constructs that ultimately lead us to seek satisfaction &quot;later,&quot; ultimately bringing no satisfaction,  much like a dog chasing its own tail.  <br />The mind is a survival instrument which is much like HAL the computer in 2001 A Space Odyssey, it may decide to unleash it survival function whether this is what you want or not.  Higher consciousness begins to develop when one begins to realize this.<br />  This is not complicated, all one has to do is pay attention and higher consciousness will reveal itself.  Tolle gives practical advice on how to do this and describes the many  &quot;portals&quot; that will reveal this.<br />That pain and suffering are caused by attachment to the ego is a premise dating back 4000 years, advanced by the Buddha and according to Tolle by such enlightened beings as Jesus Christ.   These ideas have lately been seeing a resurgence as modern science peers in the very fabric of reality and finds it compatible with the ancient teachings.  My personal opinion is there are many answers here for individuals in our modern fast paced  stressed out world.<br />This subject has been  well addressed by gurus, psychologists, religious figures; from the ancient  Buddha, and Jesus to the modern spiritual advisers like Deepack Chopra.  The message remains the same.  I believe that because so many individuals, consistently throughout history, have spoken, written and pointed toward this state of being, that there must be some validity to it. Along with material, relationship and career goals one should endeavor to include greater knowing as something to experience in this lifetime.  None of these things are mutually exclusive.  <br />Mr. Tolle presents his guidance in a clear, practical way with a minimum of religious or psychological language which makes him a great guide.  Just follow the words and what he is elucidating will become evident.  The book is also a good primer on basic human psychology, with its observations on the ego, everyday life and relationships.
B00004W5UA|3.0|i am amazed and disappointed after seeing this movie. my first thought after watching this movie was &quot;Son of Clockwork Orange&quot;.  or maybe grandson, since 'Son' probably was a yuppie. every time we have a generation grow up we get angry young male boredom, ennui, frustration and existential depression, especially if they are smart and abused as children.  the kind of rage this movie is about is not only examined and described (emotionally, sociologically), but is quite a, if twisted, mind-blowing fantasy (i'd say a mostly male fantasy)for some of us realizing that sunday school is a lie. not everyone, mind you, but a sizeable small percentage feel angry when they realize good thoughts may be meaningless. if your abilities to distinguish art from reality are solid, rent this movie. for the plot details, see below my review.  better reviewers than me already described the plot.<br />while the emotional intensity of the movie is very very high, you don't want to think about the plot changes too much about 2/3rds through the movie. some movies go down to oblivion, i hope this one doesn't. it truly is close to great, but misses. its a nightmare of a show that nails down a point of view with a bloody sledgehammer.  i recommend keeping this out of the hands of any emotionally disturbed, but otherwise, an excellent choice to experience a type of anger vicariously, but safely from your living room.  the ending is a bit of a cheap shot (figuratively and literally), and cheesy, and indicates a failure of courage by the studio.  or perhaps, they ran out of ideas. the entire movie is such an extreme morality story, maybe a real ending that fits this dark comedy couldn't be done for public consumption. and some of the comedy belongs to a different, more silly, movie.  the bits about the military male lemming groupie characters sent the movie's general atmosphere and the frightening, if a little like hearing one note for almost two hours, moral into retreat, finally.  the suggestion that the rage was induced in boys who were raised by mothers only (ack!), and then who were further messed up by the strain of trying to meet white collar standards of America, but found themselves failing to measure up, sent the plot completely off the rails as the groupies spread into a military fashion and hazing show and bombings and arson, even subverting police detectives who shared the vision.  the message became, our civilization is creating disgusted male sissies who were too influenced by women, and who will do anything to feel real (masculine) again. that masculinity, it seems, is restored by masochism. it would have worked better if they had stuck to being a psychological character study, rather than becoming a male 13 year old's idea of creating honor.  still, a very interesting movie.<br />because the movie had intensity and a few great ideas (&quot;Are you looking at me?&quot; redux), and was fast paced and exciting, with good acting, i gave it three stars.  but you really need to just watch it and don't think.  the plot goes funny (odd) in the end.e suggestion that the rage was induced in boys who were raised by mothers only (ack!), and then who were further messed up by the strain of trying to meet white collar standards of America, but found themselves failing to measure up, sent the plot completely off the rails as the groupies spread into a military fashion and hazing show and bombings and arson, even subverting police detectives who shared the vision.  the message became, our civilization is creating disgusted male sissies who were too influenced by women, and who will do anything to feel real (masculine) again. that masculinity, it seems, is restored by masochism. it would have worked better if they had stuck to being a psychological character study, rather than becoming a male 13 year old's idea of creating honor.  still, a very interesting movie.<br />because the movie had intensity and a few great ideas (&quot;Are you looking at me?&quot; redux), and was fast paced and exciting, with good acting, i gave it three stars.  but you really need to just watch it and don't think.  the plot goes funny (odd) in the end.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|First to the music, this is a nice sampler of their biggest hits from the beginning to the end of their career.  For those new to the Beatles, they took popular music to new levels of creativity, from simple two and three cord love songs to profound cosmic experiments never before imagined and still imitated today.  Their videos and experiments foreshadowed so many things still found in popular music today.  <br />This configuration gives a nice overview of their various stages of evolution and if you are not familiar with The Beatles, this is a great introduction.  This is the baby boomer's classical music.  Each song stands on its own and will get you bouncing along, thinking or dreaming.  Pop music at its finest!   <br />As a Beatle fan from the beginning, I hope this mix will inspire people to get the original albums. Listening to this, however, is like browsing through a book of Picasso's painting with representative pieces from each of his &quot;periods&quot;.  It's a great introduction, but to fully appreciate the artist you have to dig deeper. Each Beatle album represented a stage in their development and had an integrity of its own that has to be appreciated.<br />The album itself was bound to be somewhat controversial.  For those of us into the Beatles from the beginning, there is nothing new here and you probably already own all of the music.   It is somewhat of a paradox that a group which was irreverent, who defied every  rule of the music business and redefined how pop groups made  music, is now a franchise and an institution.  However, this is the fate of successful revolutionaries. <br />The biggest message I got from the Beatles is that you didn't need the Beatles.  &quot;I don't believe in Beatles&quot;.....cried John Lennon.  Look toward yourself for answers, be creative and don't get hung up on the past.  So whether you are a new or vintage  Beatle fan, put  the music on and enjoy!
B000002UC5|4.0|When Paul McCartney released his first solo album and the first true solo studio album by a Beatle in 1970, it was almost universally panned.  While it certainly doesn't matchup with any of the Beatles albums, it has aged better than alot of the music of the time.  Mr. McCartney recorded the album at his farm and its greatest asset is the simple, down-home feel that permeates it.  You can almost picture the newly married and new father just tooling around the house and living the country life and whenever the mood struck him, laying down a new track.  He plays all the instruments and other than some backing vocals by Linda, sings all the songs.  There are several instrumentals on the album and a couple of songs like &quot;Man We Was Lonely&quot; that are basically just a couple of lines sung over and over, but  &quot;Maybe I'm Amazed&quot; is a true gem.  The song ranks up there with anything he's done in his solo career and a wouldn't be slighted by songs in the Beatles catalog.  Other standout tracks include the sweet &quot;Every Night&quot;, &quot;Singalong Junk&quot; &amp; &quot;That Would Be Something&quot;.
B00000JGHM|5.0|Mann uses silence and a wide aspect ratio to create a desolate atmosphere that leaves an intensity that lasts the whole film through. Complaints of lenght are rediculous considering this is under 3 hours and is entertaining the whole way through. Some of the greatest actors in the biz are found on the screen including DeNiro, Pacino, and Sizemore. Definately worth a gander.
B00004TRD8|5.0|I have seend many many many DVD's and I have to say that this one takes the cake. The special code needed to view the 3rd version of the film is cool, how did they do that? However they did it, it was cool.
B00003CWL6|4.0|Not the best film of the year but certainly the best of the five nominated.  It deserved every award it earned with the exception of best original screenplay.  Spacy is hilarious, the dialouge witty, and the symbolism beautiful.  Perhaps the only film to win best picture since &quot;Rain Man&quot; that deserved it.
B00004SCX6|4.0|After reading tons of reviews I had mixed feelings about getting the c.d. I'm just here to tell you (along with about 950 other people) that the c.d. is a winner. My personal favorites were these: 1. Stronger- It is such a powerful song(and I like the music video)It motivated me to get through the hard times with a smile on my face.It also shows that Brittany has matured a lot and she has also been through so much in her life that I'm sure she has been through hard times on the pop road. 2. Dont Let Me Be the Last to Know-It is one of the sweetest songs I have ever heard. If you dont believe me just go ^up and listen to a clip of it.I dont like many slow songs but this one is great. 3. oops I did it again- Love the song but I just plainly heard it on the radio to many times!          I will go ahead and warn you before you here it from anyone else- a lot of the songs have way to much background music (you might already know this)which is why I gave the c.d. 4 stars I personally liked the first c.d. a little bit more, but I guess if she wanted to try something new we better give it a try!
B00003CX8J|2.0|What a disapointment.  I'm a fan of Singer and the X-Men books that I've been reading since I was ten and this movie is worse than &quot;Batman &amp; Robin&quot;.  Absoulutely pitiful script introduces characters through coincidentile run-ins and tries to fill in plot for non-fans within five minutes of dialouge between Wolverine and Xavier. Dammnit Singer what happened to you, &quot;The Usual Suspects&quot; rocked than you do a horrilbe adaption of Apt Pupil and this. Betrayed, utterly betrayed. If it wasn't for awesome special effects I'd give this one.
0812580346|3.0|This book has a very unique twist on the 'knowledge from the future' genre.. Imagine, everybody in the world &quot;living&quot; for 2 minutes their lives 20 years from now. This can have a huge effect on people, as can be expected. This is the premise of this book! I think it is overall a good book, however, it is not written in an &quot;exciting&quot; way, I didn't find myself eager to continue every day, and it's sad, because the premise is just *so* good. Also, the author seems to focus on the technology of this occurence, which is kind of silly, since he's &quot;inventing&quot; a future technology and really expanding on it.. this really isn't very interesting, and too much time is being spent on it. Other than that, I guess it's worth it after all, although it should be a priority reading if you know what I mean..
B000002KDI|5.0|I have most of neil Young's '70s albums including 'Decade.So I had second thoughts before buying this.And it took me a few listens to realise it's worth.Even if you have the studio versions of the tunes here,you need this.Young's live versions are almost always improvised,even if the differences are subtle.The first five acoustic numbers are excellent,and then the album just builds without letting up.If you like Young's electric side ,you going to love the finale here which includes 'Cortez the Killer' and 'Tonight's the night'.Don't let this pass...it is quite addictive
B00004U1F8|5.0|Ghostbusters was a great film. It was funny, it had action and alot of special effects that were making the film so real, I mean no one can do better effects then that. The Ghostbusters had to save the world and kill ghost. Before the ghost end New York. Ghostbusters 2 was the best. I mean that the painting of Vigo made it so scary it made me hide, but I stopped and faced Vigo, as Vigo tries to steal Oscar's soul the Ghostbusters appears to slime him till the painting blows up and Oscar got saved as it comes down to a great ending. Its wrouth watching Ghostbusters &amp; Ghostbusters 2.
B000002OX5|5.0|Before Townshend &amp; company would go on to write the first rock opera (Tommy, in case you've been living in a cave) they produced this mini-masterpiece of a concept album that keeps rock and roll where it belongs - on the radio, complete with annoying jingles and stupid commercials, which are wroth the price of the album alone to hear!<br />boingo2000
B000002AQR|5.0|This CD is great for people that like American History. It includes songs from the 50s(Hounddog), 60s(Sloop John B), and 70s(Sweet Home Alabama).
6303303463|5.0|This video is a must for every Queen fan!  Truly Awesome!
0440224764|5.0|You cannot put this book down.  This is probably the only book I've ever read that would take precedence over my favorite tv show.  When you're reading it, you're intrigued, when you're not reading it, you're anticipating what will happen next.  You will love this book, it's the best book I've ever read!
B00003CXE7|5.0|I don't have to tell you how great the movie is, it is likely you already saw this great epic.  This DVD is the most complete piece of home video I have ever seen.  It has all the audio formats you could ever want, terrific picture quality, great behind the scenes featurettes, and much much more.  This dvd will keep you entertained long after you watch the feature.  Of all the dvds I own Gladiator was the best bang for the buck.
B00000J7RZ|4.0|On The 6 by Jennifer Lopez is a respectable debut album. You may have known her previously from movies or even when she was a dancer for Janet Jackson during the janet. era (1993-95). Janet was one of her greatest teachers. This album is good, the songs you hear on the radio are only the beggining. We all know Waiting For Tonight, If You Had My Love, Feelin So Good, etc, but the other songs are WOW. She should of released some of the ballads (like Talk About Us or Should've Never). One complaint: where do you find the video remix version of Waiting For Tonight, it would of been nice to have been included here. I reccomend this cd.
B00003CXHJ|5.0|Granted that The Hunt for Red October, Crimson Tide and Das Boot don't have a considerable amount to worry about but this was still a very good movie. There were two incidents in WWII of sub on sub battles and it was possible for a skipper to fire on another sub based on sonar reports and some basic math. I think some of the other reviewers of this movie have forgotten that this was fiction based on reality. This paticular event never did occur but it very well could've. I think that everyone involved with this movie did a good job at portraying the realities of war, both on the technical side and the human side.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|While I haven't seen DANCER IN THE DARK(yet), I love this EP.<br />Bjork is just a genius at everything she does- whether it be singing, her videos or her acting.  Even though this is an EP with just seven song, everyone is good(with CVALDA being my favorite)<br />OVERTUE is a nice introduction to this EP with nice, soft music setting the tone for what's to come<br />CVALDA, as I said before, is my favorite.  It just has such a catchy beat to it, that you'll find yourself tapping away at it straight away<br />I'VE SEEN IT ALL is another beautiful song.  A lovely duet performed by Bjork and Thom Yorke(Lead singer of Radiohead)<br />SCATTERHEART in my opinion, this is a typical Bjork song- film or no film. A good one at that, though.<br />THE MUSICALS is a good, lively song on this EP<br />107 STEPS- I just love the tone and idea of this song<br />NEW WORLD- As OVERTUE was a pleasant song to enter within, this is the same to depart with.  Voice is just at the right volume: not too high, soothing. The sort of song that you'd like to hear while trying to go to sleep.<br />My only quarrel with this EP, is that, with only seven songs, it's too short.  But any Bjork is good enough for me!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|what more can i say? i am too young to have bought the songs when they were initially released and these songs are absolutely amazing.i had to buy it.this is pure quality. better than them lacklustre boybands that release their so-called music nowadays this album is a must buy go get it!
B00003CXE7|5.0|Watching this movie in the theatre inspired me to take an impromptu trip to Rome, and seeing it again on DVD just reinforced what a tremendous movie it is.  There are excellent performances by Russell Crowe, Oliver Reed and Richard Harris to compliment a strong screenplay and a beautiful score.  The character of Maximus is surprisingly well developed in a subtle and very satisfying way; his relationship with his family and the grief he suffers over them is better developed in a few minutes than many movies manage in hours (The Patriot comes readily to mind).  Every shot is beautiful, and the movie does a wonderful job of recreating the feel of the period, with wonderful recreations not just of Rome but of the Roman world.  Throw in a jaw-dropping opening battle that stands as one of the great movie openings of all time (and is the first movie to accurately recreate a Roman fortified camp) and you have a fantastic movie.  Evidently I'm not alone in thinking so, as when I was at the Colisseum, every tour guide I overheard was fielding questions about how accurate the scenes were in Gladiator.  I can't think of any higher praise than that.
B00004XPOZ|1.0|I now own 2 versions of the trilogy on VHS and have no intention of buying this one, since I recently bought a DVD player. Let me tell you, as anyone else will, that VHS is a waste of time after having experienced DVD. So, Mr. Lucas, kindly cut the crap and get this out on DVD ASAP. We loyal fans are rapidly losing patience, and are unwilling to shell out $30 for 10 minutes worth of behind-the-scenes on Ep 2.
0790729342|2.0|I'm not sure how many people realize that when &quot;The Road Warrior&quot; was first released, it was given a DUBBED soundtrack.  The Australian accents were deemed too difficult for the average American moviegoer. As far as I know, this is the ONLY version available. It would only be fair for this listing to indicate that Mel Gibson's voice is no where to be heard. (Incidently, the dubbing was done by actors of modest talent.) Now that Mel Gibson is an international star with a highly recognizable speaking voice, and now that Australian movies have been popular in the US for decades, would it be asking too much to have &quot;The Road Warrior&quot; remastered with its ORIGINAL SOUNDTRACK??!!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I was blown away to see so many reviews of this album. I have been a Maiden fan since the early 80s (started listening when piece of mind first came out) and have always been proud that Maiden fans are generally intelligent people. Rather than listening to what the radio pumps out, you take the time to listen to the songs and appreciate the craftsmanship within...and doesn't this album hold a lot of it.<br />Like many, I became disillusioned with Maiden during the 90s (especially the later half). I would buy their new albums, only to be dissapointed. There are only a handful of good songs total since 7th son. This CD has a handful of good songs alone. In fact, I am hard pressed to find a weak song on this album.<br />If you are a Maiden fan, old or new, you owe it to yourself to listen to this album. It has restored my faith in Maiden. The son &quot;Dream of Mirrors&quot; alone is worth the price of admission...and the fact that there are songs like Nomad (think Powerslave) Wickerman (think 2 minutes or Aces High) and many more make this a the definate come-back album I have been hoping many years for.<br />Dickinson's vocals are brilliant. Top notch. Thank God he is back. I was a bit dissapointed that they did not experiment more with the three guitar line-up, but musically, I think they opted to craft top-notch songs rather than using the 3 guitars as some sort of gimmick. Good for them. I hope now that the band is formed and they have an album and tour under their belt, they will start to experiment and give us more screeching triple harmonized guitar leads....<br />Can't wait for the next album.
0141301155|5.0|This is a great book.It is about a little boy named Charlie,who lives with is two grandpas,(one who went with Charlie to the Chocolate Factory after it opened from four greedy little children and Charlie finding Golden Tickets)two grandmas,his mother,and his father.He had no brothers or sisters.His grandpas and grandmas read stories to Charlie about the chocolate factory,until one day his father saw in an ad in the newspaper,that to be one of the five little children who would be allowed to enter the chocolate factory,they would have to find one of the five Golden Tickets.So four greedy little children and Charlie entered the chocolate factory,as I can not tell you the great and exciting things that happened inside the factory! You'll want to buy it,just to hear those great and exciting things.
B000002BBY|5.0|'Oasis made it big in the States just once with &quot;Morning Glory&quot; ' according to one reviewer. This is a blatant lie- Be Here Now went in at number 2 in America. Perhaps some of you who like those idiotic fops Blur can remind me how many millions their albums have sold in America. Even Elastica did better in America than Blur until Blur decided to abandon the sound the created and copy some American lo-fi bands (a sound that doesn't sit them at all). <br />Oasis meanwhile were one of the best Britpop band (imho Dodgy were the best, a shame they had no American success). Oasis blended the sounds of The Beatles, the Sex Pistols, The Who, The Stone Roses and countless other classics, adding some stuff of their own, to create a masterpiece. Wodnerwall, Don't Look Back In Anger, Some Might Say and Champagne Supernova are standout tracks, but so much here is amazing. And their most recent 2 albums are not as bad as some dissenters will tell you, although not up with this.
B00003CX8I|5.0|THIS MOVIE RULES IT IS JUST THE BEST TONS OF ACTION TONS OF FUN  IT WILL KEEP YOU AT THE EDGE OF YOUR SEAT
630512065X|5.0|This is a must-have for a CATS fanatic! The costumes are fantastic and character interactions have never been more clear to the audiance. This is defenitely a way to keep CATS living now and forever!
B000008H1W|5.0|I consider myself as a more than moderated Tull fan. I have nearly all their albums and if I had to choose just one of them (&quot;best of&quot; ones included) I would choose this one. I could write lots of lines about it, trying to describe it's beauty and Ian's autstanding sense of musicanship here, but my english is not very good and the only thing that I can say is &quot;listen to it&quot;.
6305903182|1.0|This movie was the most pathetic two hours of film ever.  The plot was unoriginal, unimaginative, and unenjoyable.  Horrible!
B000050XEI|4.0|The latest release from Enya is really one of her best work ever! The disc opens with the titletrack, another instrumental highlight, like all the other titletracks from previous releases. Then, there is Wild Child, it's a upbeat song, with a catchy chorus. The third song is the first single; Only Time. This song has crafty lyrics and a beautiful part in the middle of the song where Enya's layered vocals are all around you. Then comes Tempus Vernum. This is my favourite song from A Day Without Rain. This is the darker side from A Day Without Rain, just like Cursum Perfecio from Watermark, and Pax Deorum from The Memory Of Trees. The Gothic sound and the haunting, layerd vocals from Enya are really stunning. To bad that it's so short, but Tempus Vernum slides softly in Deora Ar Mo Chroi. A sort of lullaby. The translation in English is a beautiful poem. Song number six is another catchy song; Flora's Secret. Another song where the lyrics are very well done. Fallen Embers is a great piano ballad, with some of the best vocals from Enya. Silver Inches has lot in common with Tea House Moon from The Memory Of Trees. Song number nine is Pilgrim, another lyrical highlight: Will you find the answer in all you say and do? Will you find the answer in you? One By One is another catchy song, followed by another instrumental song; First Of Autumn. This track is only on the European version. The last song; Lazy Days, is another favourite of mine. You can't sit stil hearing this song. The last parts of the song go: And how it sails away... away... away... I think this is a resemblence to her breaktrough single from 12 years back, Orinoco Flow.<br />Overal, This is the perfect new release from Enya, although it's very short. I recomend it highly to all Enyafans!
B0000399WI|5.0|If you have seen this movie, you will understand that its power is nearly impossible to describe with the mere English language. If you haven't seen this movie, then you have absolutely no comprehension of what you're missing with The Shawshank Redemption.<br />Simply put, in my view, it is the greatest motion picture ever made. Not even the hallmarks of Oscar, who shunned this magnum opus, can stand up to him. The acting is excellent to the point that it's scary, and I do not know a single person who has seen this film that has not been moved by its story. This movie made a name out of Tim Robbins, and only solidifies Morgan Freeman as one of the best actors in the history of the film art.<br />I have read Stephen King's likewise superb novella which this film is based on (it's in his short-story collection &quot;Different Seasons&quot;), but Frank Darabont takes one of King's many masterpieces and one-ups it to infinity. The music provides the perfect background for the contrast of emotions depicted, and while the movie is violent, it is also shockingly real.<br />The Shawshank Redemption will move you, entertain you, and isn't afraid to skirt around the realism of its subject matter, as many other films do. And unlike mainstays like the Godfather &amp; Casablanca, it leaves you with a feeling of complete satisfaction. It is, simply put, the greatest motion picture ever made.
0792140346|5.0|firstly i would like to say that this is a movie with a very intelligent plot, what with all the twists and had the audience feeling sympathy for ed norton's character, aaron stampler, only to realise at the end that aaron is a victim, yes, but an extremely smart and psychotic one. the multiple personalities as acted by norton were extremely convincing, and i was completely wowed off my chair. great movie to catch, this one actually makes you think.
0944379044|5.0|Anyone who doesn't give this book atleast 4 stars hasn't read the book or did and had a tremendous bias about the subject. If your read this book with an open mind you will find it interesting, educational, and worth reading. You have to read the book to really understand the man who is said to be the worst man to walk the earth. You can't even start to understand WWII or the Holocaust without reading this book. If you even think you know anything about Hitler until you read this book all you have been told is bias.
0316779237|5.0|At least for Christmas, I got this last year and Could not stop laughing....if only Mr Sedaris had meant these essays to be funny! Dinah The Christmas Whore in particular! Buy this if you get depressed at the holidays or even if you don't, the Macy's elf one is a hoot and the X-mas letter....you gotta read this book!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|The Beatles were more than &quot;4 lads from Liverpool&quot; they are part of our culture and history.  For those of you that didn't grow up with the Beatles you missed out !  I remember calling record stores to see when new albums were in stock and listening to the radio for the next Beatle song.  You never get tired listening to these tunes.  The genius of the Beatles was the magic they created together !  These songs are great to listen to in the car and sing to...
B000050XEI|1.0|First of all there's only 11 short tracks on this CD that only amount to 35 minutes, which is ridiculous considering it's her first work in 5 years.  And a few of the songs barely even feature her voice on them.  If you are new to Enya and want to try her out, don't bother with this crock, and pick up the far superior &quot;Watermark&quot; instead.  Enya's definitely dragging her feet with this uninspired dreck.  I kept thinking I had already heard these songs before the whole time I was listening to it.  That incomprehensible angellic warbling gets old pretty quick.  Take the track &quot;Wild Child&quot;, for example.  It has that same ethereal music, and some mumbly words you can make out, then the last words are the songs title.  Why it's even titled that is a mystery to me, she should have called it &quot;Prozac Child.&quot;
0393307050|3.0|A fine first effort with high marks for historical accuracy, so far as I can tell. Master and Commander is stiff in places, but a must-read for anyone who wishes to enjoy the rest of the series. I perhaps am not the typical reader of what is essentially a war-on-sea story with a sad dearth of feminine characters, and I found it somewhat plodding. That said, I liked Jack Aubrey's bold simple character, and I found Dr. Stephen Maturin's eccentric personality quite interesting. I was captivated by their first meeting; as soon as they nearly came to blows I knew that they would establish a fast friendship - remember how D'artagnan irritatates all three of the Musketeers when first they meet, agreeing to dual each at 15-minute intervals? Of course D'artagnan and the Musketeers become life-long friends. Jack and Stephen start their friendship in much the same way. But this doesn't turn out to be a buddy-novel. It's mostly about life at sea and in battle. It's factual, not emotional, a bit dry, but very realistic.<br />I liked this book, and if I could I would give it 3.5 stars, but I didn't love it as some do. The second book is much better but you really must read the first book first. I recommend this to anyone, even women like myself.
0767851900|5.0|For Kevin Smith fans the bad news is that this is only his third best movie.  But the good news is that it is still darn good.<br />It's a satirical look at faith and Catholicism.  If you're a staunch Catholic you may be offended.  But it should be viewed as a journey in search of one's faith.  It may not be a straight road, it may not be the road you would take, but it gets you there just the same.  If you view the movie through those terms, you will enjoy and appreciate it.<br />Additionally it benefits from a great cast and a singular wit.
078322818X|2.0|was any place in the world actually like this?  I graduated from high school in 1972, and things may have changed a lot in 10 years, but these kids are as foreign to me as would be teenagers who lived in 1500.  so, as a person to whom this is not loved for its nostalgia value, it's just plain boring.  no story, just cruisin'.  you could delete all dialogue and not lose much; its like a long, early pop video.
B00004YA66|3.0|The movie starts off with a promising sci-fi premise, and is strenghtened by a heartfealt story.  The acting was simply great by all involved.  However, halfway through the movie it changes into a predictable &quot;fugitive&quot; type of action/suspense flick.  This is anotheter case of a half written script with another hour of filler added by some hollywood formula writer.  Also, the ending simply does not add up at all, if you really think about it. All in all, it was an OK movie to watch if you have the time to kill.
630289915X|5.0|It's a all time classic wether you watch it as a family or just by yourself! I garatee there will be just a little something that touches you or even makes the tears drop!
B00004XPOZ|4.0|The boxes in this re-release match the box style for the Episode I: Phantom Menace video release.  So following in this logic, Lucas will probably continue to release VHS versions of the next two films using the same box style as these.  Don't be surprised if the Star Wars movies aren't available in DVD until after 2006 when Episode III will be released on home video.<br />I am giving this edition only a 4 Star rating because the first copy that I brought home was defective.  The Episode IV tape would not play.  It's like the way it was recorded, the tracking didn't match up at the normal speed.  All I got was a blank &quot;blue&quot; screen.  But it worked when hitting &quot;Slow Motion&quot; and &quot;Pause&quot; &amp; &quot;FF/REW&quot;.  The tape counter didn't even move, but the tape did.  Hopefully my replacement copy will work when I take it back tomorrow.  Will submit an update if it does.<br />BTW, there is an Episode II sneak preview at the beginning of the Episode IV tape.  Although I had to watch it in FF!  Oh, even the titles have been renamed, at least on the boxes that is.  Star Wars is now known as Star Wars IV: A New Hope
6303212379|3.0|While spending their last weekend together Mikey &amp; Brand Walsh with Mikey's group of friends called Goonies stumble upon a treasure map in the attic. When reading it and finding the tremedous wealth of it they decide to go in search of it to save their nieghborhood which is being torn down to build a country club. Along with Brand's dream girl &amp; her best friend the friends set loose to find the gold, finding themselves in a subtarranian world full of booby traps and skelatons. With a family hit men called the Fratiellis after them the Goonies have to survive a system of deadly booby traps while avoiding the crooks. <br />The film has a few mistakes like at the end when the James Bond wannabe talks of the octopus, actually the octopus was edited out of the script. And strangly along with the booby traps built by the 16 century pirates there is a water slide that leads to the ship.
B000050XEI|4.0|Before I begin my review, I would just like to express gratitude that Enya is still recording...<br />Many other reviewers here have stated that this album is &quot;simpler&quot; that her others, which is quite true.  I'll try not to repeat their comments, but rather give my own opinion.  First of all, Wild Child should have been the lead single for this album, instead of Only Time.  It is the other &quot;obvious&quot; single, and one that is the most upbeat.  She chose upbeat tracks as first singles for her other albums; curiously, she went with a slower piece this time around.  Along with Wild Child, Flora's Secret is a standout track.  It is a hommage to poetry, from the very first line (Lovers in the long grass...).  Like good poetry, its lyrics feature a few obscure words that will prompt you to consult your dictionary!<br />The third highlight of the album is the diptych of Tempus Vernum and the gaelic song that follows.  The first time I heard Tempus Vernum, I felt that it should be longer, but on second thought it is appropriately brief and intense, like a violent thunderstorm.<br />I have two criticisms for this new Enya album.  One is that it lacks some of the experimentation of earlier efforts.  I'm specifically thinking of Tea-House Moon from The Memory of Trees album.  The other criticism is that the latter part of the album is rather weak.  She never disappoints in her symphonic abilities, but these songs verge on being boring, and I'm sure her critics will hold that against her.  Rolling Stone and Entertainment Weekly magazines already did...<br />In summation, dealing with Enya, one must remember that art is long, and life is short.  So don't expect to fully digest Enya's abilities with a first, superficial listen.
B00000JJQK|4.0|Alright, heres the thing.  I was under the assumption this was better than Sgt. Pepper and Rubber Soul, but after purchasing, I know differetly.  It's unfair to compare the Beach Boys and the Beatles, for one.  Also, this album doesn't have the emotional backing promised.  There is some there, but mostly it is backed by Brian Wilson's melodies.  The Beach Boys mainly had Brian doing everything while the Beatles had Lennon, McCartney, Harrison and George Martin to produce.  Now, with that aside, let's look at the album pretending there were no Beatles:<br />&quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice&quot; - One of the 5 best songs on the album<br />&quot;You Still Believe In Me&quot; - I must be missing something, it's not as good as the first track even.<br />&quot;That's Not Me&quot; - This is too simple a song.<br />&quot;Don't Talk&quot; - I like this song.  It says what it needs to say, and does it effectively.  Another one of the good 5. &quot;I'm Waiting For The Day&quot; - I connected with this song.  I don't like the melody all that way, but it has the emotions needed.  Another one of the good 5.<br />&quot;Let's Go Away For A While&quot; - This is why it can't compare to the Beatles (sorry, I had to bring this up).  When they wanted to say something, they wrote original lyrics.  This is simply a symphonic tune.  It's a pretty tune, but I don't feel like going away for a while now.<br />&quot;Sloop John B&quot; - I know this is on here to help sell it, and thats ok.  It's a nice song.  It has no meaning, really, but it's a pretty song, like all Wilson's songs.<br />&quot;God Only Knows&quot; - THE best song on here, THEIR best song ever.  It is one of the most beautiful love songs ever written and I can hear the love in Carl Wilson's voice.  Number 1 on the album.<br />&quot;I Know There's An Answer&quot; - Sounds pseudo-psychadelic.  But it doesn't say anything to me, maybe because I don't understand its references to the LSD thing talked about in the booklet.<br />&quot;Here Today&quot; - Simply a pop tune, like most of their others.  Maybe he was trying to talk about himself, but it seems like he was more concerned about selling it than writing it with emotion.<br />&quot;I Just Wasn't Made For These Times&quot; - Good song.  Not one of my good 5, but it's number 6.  I understand what he is saying here.<br />&quot;Pet Sounds&quot; - Another instrumental, which really doesn't have a place on a Pop/Rock album.  The title track, but I really don't feel anything from it.<br />&quot;Caroline No&quot; - The number 2 song on the album.  Very, very good.  This and &quot;God Only Knows&quot;-types are what this album should have been filled with to be called the &quot;greatest album ever&quot; by MOJO magazine.<br />I like this album, it has beautiful songs.  But, it shouldn't be called an emotional trip or the &quot;greatest ever&quot; beacuse, well, frankly, it isn't.  It isn't even really much of a landmark album.  I don't see how it changed the course of music, except with semi-inventing the concept album.  But Brian got caught up in competing with the Beatles and blew it.  If you like the Beach Boys, this is worth it.  If you like good POP music, this is still worth it.  But don't buy it expecting the greatest thing since sliced-bread like me and get disappointed.  Oh, and the stereo versions aren't that good, either.  The mono part is MUCH better.
B00003CWL6|1.0|I saw this film in the cinema here in the UK and loved it, hence my decision to buy the dvd, BUT..<br />It doesn't want to play on my dvd player (a Wharfedale DVD-750, bought March 2000)!  I get the opening menu, offering me the choice between DTS and Dolby 5.1 sound, and whichever I choose the whole thing just freezes.  I've played dozens of dvd's on this player, including at least ten region one discs, and this is the first time I've had any trouble.<br />Having read the other reviews, it seems that I'm not the only one to have technical difficulties with this disc.  Has anyone else had this particular problem?  Does anyone have a solution??  My e-mail address is nickm@icp.uk.com.
B000023VR6|4.0|If your a Dre fan this is for you. If it where anyone else besides dre I would have given it a five, but Dr Dre could have done better, so I was a bit disipointed in dre, but he is way better than most of these rappers.
B00001NFCY|5.0|I got this CD literally the MINUTE it came out-at midnight in fact!  This was last year, and I still love it, which should say something about its incredible quality!  Of course my favorite songs change as time goes on, but Human Clay is one of the very few CD's I can listen to all the way through without getting bored or wanting to change it. &quot;Beautiful&quot; is my current favorite song, but every song on here is great, although a couple have become a bit overplayed on the radio.  If you are at all a Creed fan or even interested, I recommend buying this CD and listening through it straight through-you will be amazed!
0684853523|4.0|Stephen King has sold a gazillion books. Along with Tom Clancy, John Grisham, he is a member of the trifecta of modern pop-literature. It seems every book is a potential movie.  So why did he write this book now? Why write a book on writing? Is it necessary? Is it even worth buying? C'mon, folks, he's &quot;got it&quot; and 99.9% of aspiring writers don't. Right? <br />I think Stephen King wrote this simply because he can. He knows it is a select audience that is going to read it. Those fans who don't ever care to be writers won't read this book. Well, actually they might, thinking to themselves that they might gain some secret insight into the mind of their idol. They will be disappointed. In not so many words, Mr. King says exactly the same thing himself.  There is no secret to his storytelling. It just is what it is...lots of hard work. <br />The first part of this 280+ page book is autobiography. He expounds on a few of his life &quot;snapshots&quot; that may or may not have influenced particular characters or scenes throughout his collection of works. But if you desire to buy this book just to uncover those snippets of Stephen King trivia, be my guest. It will only make him more money. I think the author was only trying to open up a bit more directly to his readers--instead of doing it via a fictional charcter (which he asserts every character he has created is a part of himself) within his stories.  <br />The other part of this book is, of course, on writing. He answers questions often asked him in book signings and semanars (&quot;Where do you get your ideas? etc etc&quot;) as well as questions he wishes people would ask.  He analogizes writers as having multi-leveled &quot;toolboxes.&quot; Important things like vocabulary and grammar go on top of the tool box where they are most accessible. Elements of style and dialogue and paragraph structure go elsewhere along with theme and symbolism, etc. This analogy is a fantastic discription that I hope to use with my own students some day (whenever I go back to teaching).  I also enjoyed the expert lessons on discipling one's self towards writing. Of course, what works for him may not work for everyone, but I think many hopeful writers reading this will find commonalities with someone who is making a living, and the rest of us doing it for now as a hobby.  As he says, &quot;you could do worse&quot; in following some of his examples.  <br />Some of the lessons on style and grammar could be learned in a couple of writing courses in any college in the country. However, it would would be a lot less efficient and lot less interesting.  This book isn't going to give you credit hours, but it will give you helpful tips. Sometimes a car only needs a jump start, not an engine overhaul.  <br />I could describe everything about this book that will keep it prominantly on my bookshelf (dog-eared, loaded with post-it notes and little penciled notes in the margins, no doubt), but the gist is this: If you love to write and feel you may be pretty good at it, read this book. If you just &quot;like&quot; Stephen King as a novelist and don't think about the intricacies of writing then go to the library. Check out this book and skim the auto-bio section and return the book after 2 weeks. You won't be bored and then someone else can use the book to do the same.  <br />I have always held that you can extract a ton of information about a person by what they read everyday. (Ernest Hemingway vs. Robert James Waller; Wall Street Journal vs. Field and Stream etc).  In the last 3 pages Stephen King submits his private reading list that have influenced him in some way in the last 3 years. Wonderful list!  I photocopied it so I can keep it in my wallet so whenever I am at a bookstore I can look for a few of the titles. It WAS a boost to my ego though, when I realized out of the 100 or so books he lists, I have read about 30 of them.  Nice to know that a bestselling author and myself are on a similar mindset.<br />Already after I finished, I began going through some of my own journals form college and looking for ideas I had started, but never finished. I have already set aside more hours to read (and turning of the TV, which he recommends) and to write. With a couple more readings of this book I may ever become encouraged to submit some stories for publication. <br />PS: one more thing. The last section that he wrote describing his near-death accident in 1999, when he was run-over by a van being driven by someone messing with his dog, is a real sobering account. For anyone who has thought not to continue writing due to something tragic in their life (because they don't know how to keep creative, etc) this account will tug on your heart.
6302794331|5.0|At first, its easy to be skeptical of the idea of this classic of literature being portrayed by a frog, a pig, and their assorted friends.  Believe it or not, however, this is probably the most touching rendition of &quot;A Christmas Carol&quot; I have ever seen!  Although the Muppets present things in a light and sometimes downright silly way, the characters are so incredibly likeable that I really &quot;got&quot; the point of the story from watching this version.  <br />The video features sarcastic humor and visual jokes and will make you laugh from beginning to end.  At the same time, you can't help but care for all the characters, and you really are concerned for Tiny Tim and his family, almost forgetting that they are frogs and pigs.  The video transitions neatly back and forth from humor to sensitivity.  Although obviously this video is not completely accurate to the details of Dickens's version of the story, the spirit that he was trying to convey is definately present.  Aside from the adorable plot, the music in this movie is wonderful!  The songs are touching and memorable, and the fact that they are sang by rats and vegetables is just an added bonus.  &quot;It feels like Christmas&quot; is absolutely adorable!<br />Don't think this video is just for kids either!  Even my father couldn't help but chuckle at the dry humor of Gonzo in his role as Charles Dickens.  This is a video that the family can watch and rewatch together, and should become a part of anyone's Christmas tradition.
0312853254|5.0|After reading &quot;Ender's Game&quot; in one afternoon, I fell in love with OSC, and quickly began reading &quot;Speaker for the Dead.&quot;  I admit the first few chapters let me down a bit.  I had lived as Ender and Valentine and I expected them to quickly appear; this was a sequel, wasn't it?  Unfamiliar characters such as Pipo, Libo, and Novinha bored and confused me.  I skimmed until I found Ender on Trondheim, still haunted by his childhood.  From then on, I was hooked, and when Ender reached Lusitania, I discovered the people weren't boring at all; they became real.<br />The plot of &quot;Speaker&quot; is fairly simple.  The native pequininos on Lusitania are the only sentient species found in the thousands of years since &quot;Ender's Game.&quot;  For no apparent reason, they kill two human scientists, eerily echoing humanity's violent first contact with the Buggers.  Ender arrives on Lusitania, where, with the help of Jane (a sentient computer program) he tries to understand the pequininos, Novinha's family, and the community of Milagre.<br />&quot;Ender's Game&quot; was an adventure story about a brilliant child, made sympathetic by his isolation and empathy.  &quot;Speaker&quot; is a much more complex novel, which deals with family, community, religion, truth, and the nature of humanity; its characters and ideas are as important as the plot, if not more so.  Those who loved &quot;Ender's Game&quot; for its action and boy-against-the-world theme may not like &quot;Speaker.&quot;  However, those who loved &quot;Ender's Game&quot; as much for its characters and ideas as its plot will find &quot;Speaker&quot; incredibly rewarding.<br />The first time I read &quot;Speaker,&quot; I was thirteen.  While I liked the book, I missed the faster pace of &quot;Ender's Game.&quot;  However, over the years, I have come to love &quot;Speaker,&quot; opening chapters and all, more than the other books in this series.  My one quibble is the conclusion; though tonally perfect, it leaves enough loose ends to fill....two more books!<br />&quot;Speaker&quot; belongs to the special group of books, science fiction and otherwise, that treat religious and ethical issues seriously.  Whether or not you agree with OSC's conclusions (or completely believe Ender's Speaking for Marcos could occur in our universe) the book raises important questions within a moving story about characters with real problems.  It also recognizes that people have families, cultures, and other community ties.<br />To summarize, &quot;Speaker for the Dead&quot; is a wonderful novel that uses believable characters to raise questions about human existence.  Like &quot;Ender's Game,&quot; it explores alienation and misunderstanding, but it is a richer and slower book, and in my opinion, better.<br />(If you like &quot;Speaker,&quot; I highly recommend OSC's &quot;Hart's Hope,&quot; a fantasy with similar themes.  I also recommend anything by Ursula K. Le Guin.)ct, it leaves enough loose ends to fill....two more books!<br />&quot;Speaker&quot; belongs to the special group of books, science fiction and otherwise, that treat religious and ethical issues seriously.  Whether or not you agree with OSC's conclusions (or completely believe Ender's Speaking for Marcos could occur in our universe) the book raises important questions within a moving story about characters with real problems.  It also recognizes that people have families, cultures, and other community ties.<br />To summarize, &quot;Speaker for the Dead&quot; is a wonderful novel that uses believable characters to raise questions about human existence.  Like &quot;Ender's Game,&quot; it explores alienation and misunderstanding, but it is a richer and slower book, and in my opinion, better.<br />(If you like &quot;Speaker,&quot; I highly recommend OSC's &quot;Hart's Hope,&quot; a fantasy with similar themes.  I also recommend anything by Ursula K. Le Guin.)
1576461297|2.0|The CD version of this book is very easy to use and the search function is wonderful. HOWEVER there is no way to copy text off the screen so you can paste it into other applications. I find this very frustrating and a big disappointment.<br />The CD version of &quot;The Voyage of the Beagle&quot; suffers from the same problem. Beware.
0812550757|5.0|Speaker for the Dead (the first sequel to Ender's Game) rolls up the entire plot of the first novel and tosses it in the trashcan. Ender's game was based on descriptive, fast-paced action. It was a good novel and had a fine plot, but like most sequels to action films, the same thing wasn't likely to work again. To the shock of all, our main-man Ender retires from his career in the military and takes up religion. He becomes a Speaker for the Dead. He goes to funerals and basically gives a biography (to be interpreted by those who attend) for the person who has died. Ender is requested to speak the death of a man on the planet Lusitania, the only other planet known that contains a second intelligent species- the Pequeninos, and with them, a virus deadly to humans, but as essential as air to the Pequeninos.<br />Ender meets the Ribiera family, the family that called for him. He goes about his business, finding facts needed for him to speak the death. But the town is keeping things from him. Using his cool temper, placid tone of voice, and kind personality, he breaks the secrets held by the Ribieras and tries to bring the family back together after decades of hatred while gathering information for the speaking.<br />On top of this, the pequeninos (also called \\"piggies\\") have been killing the scientists observing them. The piggies are still in their caveman days of evolution and want all the technological advances humans have. But government ruling won't permit this, stating that the piggies need to evolve on their own. While some scientists are trying to find the reasons for the killings, others are unsure as to whether they should help the piggies or follow the government's ruling.<br />Both Ender and the situation with the pequeninos contribute fairly to the plot with neither overpowering the other. This book provides a new angle to the man once though of as only a military celebrity and adds different elements for the continued success of the stories. It is an excellent continuation of the Ender series, giving the reader a new, refreshing, but different taste.
B00003CWTI|1.0|i would give anything to get those hours of my life back.  again i listened to some reviewer's comments and paid the price.  i watched this movie to the end for some sort of redemption and/or resolution. needless to say i wasted my time.
0880790121|5.0|These cards were my fathers, and now they are mine. They've sparked quite a love of the tarot in me. Wonderful set for beginners and exsperienced readers alike.
B000002MUQ|5.0|THIS IS VAN HALEN`S BEST CD WITH SAMMY HAGAR ON VOCALS,AND MAYBE THERE BEST ALL AROUND CD THEY EVER MADE.I LOVE THE DAVID LEE ROTH CD`S BECAUSE THEY REMINED ME OF BEING YOUNG AND FREE BUT I THINK THAT BALANCE TO ME WAS JUST THAT,A PERFECT BALANCE BETWEEN MELLOW AND HARD ROCK.LOOK AT THE GREAT MELLOW SONG NOT ENOUGH.VERY BEST MELLOW SONG VAN HALEN EVER DID.THAN THERE`S THE GREAT ROCKERS AMSTERDAM AND FEELIN.I HAVE NEVER BEEN SO SICK TO MY STOMACH AS WHEN I HEARD SAMMY HAD LEFT THE BAND.AND WHEN I HEARD THE NEW CD WITH GARY CHERONE I WANTED TO PUKE.PLEASE VAN HALEN BRING BACK EITHER DAVID LEE ROTH OR SAMMY HAGAR,HOPE FOR DAVE BECAUSE IT LOOKS LIKE SAMMY IS GOING BACK TO ROCKIN WITH HIS NEW SOLO CD.BALANCE IS A MUST HAVE FOR ANY VAN HALEN FAN.
B000002UAI|4.0|Ok..so it may not be their very best album, but it is still a very good album.  I don't know what it is about The Beatles, but any one of their discs always seems to lift my spirits..things always seem better when The Beatles sing. Their music (especially the early stuff) isn't even very difficult, lyrically or musically, but it has a certain magic to it that will still be enjoyed probably into the next millenium. If you're a Beatles fan, you can't be without this album.
0812589041|5.0|I read this book years ago.  When my father finished this book (a gift that he never would have bought for himself), he came into my room and handed it to me.  &quot;Read it,&quot; was all he said.  Thirteen years old at the time, I was daunted by the length, but the first page sucked me in.  Never had I read an author that made me see through a character's eyes like Mr. Card.  I have read this book every two years since, and it affects this cynic everytime.  Ender Wiggen is comparable to DUNE's Paul Muad'dib; creator, destroyer, and ultimately savior.  I would give this book more than 5 stars if I could.
B00004YW6I|3.0|After listening to &quot;Stories from the City, Stories from the Sea&quot;, I have a very hard time understanding why so many critics are lauding this album as her best to date.  It's certainly her most upbeat and positive. While listening to it you almost can't help but bop your head to the beat.  However, I expect better from PJ Harvey than head bopping pop.  The lyrics are unispired and unoriginal, the melodies flat and no where near the complexity shown on past albums.  Maybe an artist has to suffer to produce worthwhile art?  For the first time in her life she may be happy, but I long for the old Polly Jean: passionate, angry, angst ridden, flushed, sexy, brilliant.
B000001Y5X|4.0|This very, very juvenile entry into the main stream for Marilyn Manson.  The raw talent and edgey, moody, creepy music is only the beginning...The Anti- Christ cometh...
B00003CX8J|4.0|because i had read/heard rumors about a second x-men dvd release with more extras planned for 2001, i was reluctant after i had preordered this dvd. i had expected alot of goodies for this dvd, a few were fulfilled, but i'm now awaiting the second release.<br />for this edition, the sound/video transfer are great! the inclusion of the trailers/tv spots were a nice touch, and the deleted scenes were good, but didnt reveal alot of what was REALLY cut from the film. i wish there were commentaries for the deleted scenes.<br />the featureatte was nothing special since this was what was shown on tv and most ppl i would assume have already seen it. it was a nice extra touch to include though.<br />the excerpts from singer form the &quot;rose show&quot; were too short. i wish they could have included the entire hour interview. i am not sure why they cut it.<br />it was interesting to see jackman's screen test, but it didnt really reveal anything more than just a test that was put there for hugh jackman fans.<br />lots of photos in the still gallery, but none of rogue and missing a few other characters. some images seems to repeat, although i did like the slideshow running itself.<br />the dvd menus are slow in transitioning from one menu to another though, this is annoying when u want to skip around. i also liked the extra touch of the easter eggs! overall, a great dvd if u're a fan or not of the comic book or movie.
B000002UB3|3.0|Good album, especially side 2.  On a corrective note, I have no idea where some of these Beatle reviewers get their &quot;facts&quot;.  On all of the Beatle recordings, Ringo did ONE drum solo.  It is Ringo's solo near the end of side 2.  Not Paul.
B00004Z459|3.0|First and foremost,and on behalf of everyone, I would like to thank Fred Durst for ending Limp Bikzkit's career by putting out that TRL sham of an album, Chocolate Starfish.  About time for them to disappear. Linkin Park, on the other hand, is a pretty promising band.  The CD was decent, a little short, but better than forcing another couple songs, although I may have liked to hear a little more (timewise) of their DJ. I want to resent that they dont have a bass player, but I think they do great without it. My main complaint about this band is that sometimes, it just seems like some of their rhymes are forced, sloppy. I hope that they can improve on their songwriting just a little before their next record, and avoid becoming &quot;TRL hardrock&quot; for teenyboppers that aren't old enough for real metal.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|My review of this album is hard to put into words, because the songs in this album have so much meaning, that pertain to how I feel or have felt.The lyrics in these songs can touch your very soul if you listen to them, not like a lot of the music that you might hear today with screaming,cursing, &amp; meaningless words
6302206294|1.0|Kevin Costner is a thought actor. He works best alone, in close up, with his inner thoughts casting shapes and shadows on his face. This is why &quot;Dances With Wolves&quot; and &quot;Field of Dreams&quot; were such successful films. Interacting with other actors he becomes at best mediocre. Put him in green stockings and get him to gallivant around Sherwood Forest speaking with a stupid English accent he hasn't broken in yet, and he looks like a complete dork. This film is also spoiled by its countless anachronisms. For example Moors were Arabs or Berbers, not so different from Southern Europeans. They definitely weren't African Americans.
0553106635|4.0|This book really is a 5. I wish there was a rating for writing separate from the recommendation rating. My only problem lied with the heavy use of swearing that would, IMHO, make it unsuitable for anyone under 15 or so. It is not that kids do not know these words and curses, just that as a parent I would be hard pressed to put this book on my kid's nighttable. This said, it is a a _very_, _very_ good book. I have not been this impressed since the first couple of books of the &quot;Wheel of Time&quot; cycle by R. Jordan. Book drops some of the conventions of the genre, such as no explicit sexual situations or adult language, but definitely hits the spot as far as plot twists are concerned. The author is not afraid to kill of characters as needed and is very good about telling the story in &quot;simulcast&quot; from 10 different people in different places and the same time. It never stands still and even at 900 pages or so is an engrossing read. I have even taken the train instead of my car just to be able to read some more. Awesome gift for anyone who read the first 2 books.
B00004ZEQX|4.0|I was expecting a bad quality DVD for the price,but hey it was a great surprise to find a excellent print.It is in widescreen and is totally uncut,the more gore the better as far as im concerned.I give this 4 stars as for the price its a bargain,if it had 5.1 surround it would of got 5 stars no problem.If you love horror then i recommend this dvd with no hesitation,as they dont make films like this anymore.
B000005AYM|5.0|My recent purchase of Erykah's newest cd, Mama's Gun, urged me to revisit Baduizm and also Erykah Badu Live today. I imagine that Erykah's music is in the &quot;R&amp;B&quot; section of most retail outlets. Since I am a person who generally detests &quot;modern R&amp;B&quot;, this 5 stars speaks volumes about Erykah as an artist. Whereas most MTV-era R&amp;B is happy just to be lovey-dovey, radio-friendly fluff, Erykah has chosen to actually express spirit, soul, and emotion, all the while avoiding the cliches in which almost all of her contemporaries indulge.<br />&quot;Other Side Of The Game&quot; is the story of a woman trapped in a bad situation by both love and circumstance. &quot;Drama&quot; seems to be both a veiled plea for the worlds peoples to be helped, as well as a simple answer to those same problems. &quot;Sometimes&quot; is another masterpiece! The way the main lyrics weave in and around the background vocals is perfect and it really brings the words to life and gives them even more dimension. The list goes on, but my words won't do justics to any of these songs anyway.<br />Erykah is proof-positive that the Soul and Ecstatic Spirit of traditional African cultures and religions can indeed hold a strong place in modern popular music. With so much popular music being little more than pandering to the lowest-common-denominator in hopes of cashing in, Baduizm was and still is a life-breath of ancient wisdom made accessible to the masses. Oh, and did I mention her voice is beautiful?
B00004Z4WR|3.0|Gone in 60 seconds is story about a retired car thief who is forced back into the business when his kid brother ends up on the wrong side of a psychotic gangster.  Nicolas Cage's assignment is simple enough, for $200, 000 he must steal 50 cars ... or his brother dies.<br />This movie was blasted by every critic that I saw, however, I think that the critics were overly harsh.  Gone in 60 seconds is a high adrenaline, car chase film that requires the viewer to use the same powers of &quot;willing suspension of disbelief&quot; that are necessary for most of Nicolas Cage's action films.  Nicolas Cage and a fairly impressive supporting cast (including Robert Duvall, Delroy Lindo,  Angelina Jolie) give decent performances despite a script that under used them.  Giovanni Ribisi is perfect in the role of Nicolas Cage's over confident younger brother.<br />Great acting, however, is not what this film is about.  This film is about fast cars and lots of action, which it delivers.  After a brief introduction to the characters, we get to watch how the thieves stalk the individual cars, a part that I found interesting.  After this point, it is pretty much a none stop car chase scene, which was fairly well filmed and has a pretty good soundtrack to keep your adrenaline pumped.<br />This may not be the most original or deepest film out there but it is another good action film that is worth renting.
B000001G53|5.0|This is a tremdendously sedate, slow-burning performance. But the relative tranquility of the music is admirably served by Karajan's slow tempi - he really touches the core of Wagner's spiritual, sublime music. The final chorus is immense, the music slowly seeming to detach itself from any earthly bonds. I love it but haven't heard either version by Knappertbursch which are equally renowned. The digital recording is breathtaking by the way. The BPO has never sounded so clear and the sheer weight of sound generated is incredible. All principal singers are exemplary especially Vejzovic as the destroyed, debauched Kundry. I personally like the edge to her voice - entirely in-keeping with this most desperate of Wagnerian heroines. If you like Wagner played elegiacally then get this recording.
0452281881|5.0|Wow! I haven't read such original and hilarious novel in quite a while. I couldn't stop laughing. I marvel at Beaumont's originality. Who would have thought that an author would pull off a novel written in e-mail format? E enters the information age with a brilliant satire of office politics. Through e-mail, the reader learns about the back-stabbing, bureaucratic bungling, and sexual escapades of a group of people working for an ad agency that would do anything to land the Coca-Cola account. I laughed so much when Carla and Zoe were fighting over the PA job that promises more money. And who could forget David Crutton's frustration with e-mail? His e-mails were inexplicably forwarded to a colleague in Finland -- one of the funniest scenes in the novel. Can you handle a novel written in e-mail format? Give this book a whirl. You'll laugh your socks off!
0465068359|5.0|In December 1937, after the Chinese Army defending Nanking abandoned resistance, the Japanese  Army proceeded to overrun the ancient capital city and wreaked unholy havoc.  In the following  weeks, the Japanese raped and/or murdered hundreds of thousands of Chinese soldiers and civilians  (perhaps as many as 350,000 were killed) in one of the most brutal episodes in the long bloody history  of warfare.  But, if you're like me, &quot;the rape of Nanking&quot; is little more than a vaguely remembered  term from a history book.  Iris Chang's book remedies that situation, giving the facts the full airing that  they deserve, and explains why the massacre is so poorly remembered--largely because of political  considerations she argues. The result is a really moving act of remembrance that offers a mixed bag of  lessons.<br />In the first instance, like all such books, Chang goes a little bit overboard, but understandably so, in  trying to claim pride of place for the Rape of Nanking in the catalogue of genocidal rampages.  Arguments of this kind reach a point where they have a too self-centered and masochistic tinge to  them.  It suffices, that the acts perpetrated upon the Chinese population by the Japanese Army are  horrific.  No hyperbole is needed.  Nor is it necessary to, as Ms Chang does, portray the world's  relative failure to commemorate these events and the Japanese government's failure to compensate  victims as a second rape.  I would think that firebombing the living bejeezus out of Tokyo and  dropping two atomic bombs would have amply demonstrated our displeasure with the Japanese.  Even  if it was vicarious, the victims surely got their pound of flesh.<br />Her argument that political considerations in America, Japan and China have created a kind of  conspiracy of silence is more compelling.  The Red Chinese government which took over the country  after the war, chose not to make an issue of the rape for their own reasons--the shame that this  xenophobic regime must have felt appears to have ensured their silence.  The Japanese have obvious  reasons for not wanting to dwell on the massacre, but she is absolutely right that they have a moral  obligation to acknowledge that they perpetrated, to teach their youngsters about these darkest aspects of  the war and perhaps even to make some restitution to survivors.  The aggressive campaign by certain  elements in Japanese society to deny that the rape ever took place or was as bad as purported is  troubling, but is part of a much larger societal ill in Japanese culture, a failure to reckon with endemic  racism and a to come to grips with a pretty ugly past.  Sadly, willful blindness to the facts of Nanking  is only a symptom of a larger disease.<br />America, for it's part, wanted to rehabilitate postwar Japan so that we'd have a good ally in the quickly  descending Cold War.  It ill served our purposes to rub their noses in their obviously abhorrent record  of war crimes.  But it should be remembered that we pretty much let them off the hook for things like  the Bataan Death March too.  There is no discernible racial component here, simply icy cold  realpolitik.  But Chang is absolutely right on this point, that none of the three nations has been willing  to make the atrocities a public issue.<br />One really edifying lesson that emerges is the danger of judging people too easily.  Chang reconstructs  the truly remarkable and heroic efforts of the European/American community in Nanking to try and  protect refugees from the Japanese.  Amazingly enough it turns out that one of the prime movers in this  effort, the &quot;Oskar Schindler of Nanking&quot; (see Orrin's review of Schindler's List), was a Nazi official  named John Rabe.  The passages describing his actions on behalf of the Chinese, even to the point of  demanding a meeting with the Fuhrer, make for one of the most fascinating sections of the book.<br />Finally, the most important lessons are offered in what I thought was an excellent and insightful  conclusion to the book:  that the Japanese were not &quot;uniquely sinister&quot;, that there is a relatively thin  veneer of civilization that stands between any culture and the capacity for such horrible actions; and  that it is all too easy to accept such genocidal actions even as they are occurring.  These lessons are  being driven home today in places like Bosnia, Chechnya and Rwanda and warning flags are going up  in the nations of Europe where fascist anti-immigrant parties are gaining ground from Austria to  France and beyond.  But the big lesson that Chang cites--the most important lesson of the last  century--is the danger that we all face whenever governments centralize power to themselves.  The 20th  Century was characterized by two directly related phenomena, the increasing centralization of political  power in the hands of national governments and the bureaucrats who run them and the vicious, often  homicidal, application of that power to those nations' own citizens.  From the internment of Japanese  Americans by FDR to the Nazi Death Camps to the Russian gulag to the Rape of Nanking to the Killing  Fields of Cambodia to the current instances in Africa and the Balkans, this is a lesson that has been  demonstrated time and again but which we seem inordinately reluctant to accept.  Governments are  simply too untrustworthy too allow them to aggrandize the amount of power that has become routine in  modern times.  It is reflexive to defend the American system as somehow special and beyond these kind  of considerations, but I for one am awfully grateful that this theory was not put to the test in WWII.  You may feel confident that we would never have exacted some warped retribution on the citizens we  sent to concentration camps, but I tremble to think what their fate might have been had the war in the  Pacific gone poorly for us, or had it been San Francisco that was firebombed instead of Tokyo.<br />Chang's excellent book implicates all of these issues and should engender much soul searching.  Her  excesses of tone are perfectly understandable in light of her topic and her sense of mission, to bring  these largely forgotten facts before a disinterested public.<br />GRADE: Aght was an excellent and insightful  conclusion to the book:  that the Japanese were not &quot;uniquely sinister&quot;, that there is a relatively thin  veneer of civilization that stands between any culture and the capacity for such horrible actions; and  that it is all too easy to accept such genocidal actions even as they are occurring.  These lessons are  being driven home today in places like Bosnia, Chechnya and Rwanda and warning flags are going up  in the nations of Europe where fascist anti-immigrant parties are gaining ground from Austria to  France and beyond.  But the big lesson that Chang cites--the most important lesson of the last  century--is the danger that we all face whenever governments centralize power to themselves.  The 20th  Century was characterized by two directly related phenomena, the increasing centralization of political  power in the hands of national governments and the bureaucrats who run them and the vicious, often  homicidal, application of that power to those nations' own citizens.  From the internment of Japanese  Americans by FDR to the Nazi Death Camps to the Russian gulag to the Rape of Nanking to the Killing  Fields of Cambodia to the current instances in Africa and the Balkans, this is a lesson that has been  demonstrated time and again but which we seem inordinately reluctant to accept.  Governments are  simply too untrustworthy too allow them to aggrandize the amount of power that has become routine in  modern times.  It is reflexive to defend the American system as somehow special and beyond these kind  of considerations, but I for one am awfully grateful that this theory was not put to the test in WWII.   You may feel confident that we would never have exacted some warped retribution on the citizens we  sent to concentration camps, but I tremble to think what their fate might have been had the war in the  Pacific gone poorly for us, or had it been San Francisco that was firebombed instead of Tokyo.<br />Chang's excellentbook implicates all of these issues and should engender much soul searching.   Her  excesses of tone are perfectly understandable in light of her topic and her sense of mission, to bring  these largely forgotten facts before a disinterested public.<br />GRADE: A
0553106635|5.0|I had nearly given up on epic fantasy when (at the nagging behest of numerous friends) I finally read Game of Thrones and found myself drawn, almost against my will, into Martin's complex and unpredictable world. So it was with some disappointment that I read Clash of Kings which, though better than most of the fantasy currently on the market, was a bit of a dull outing after the brilliance of Game.<br />But with A Storm of Swords, Martin once again raises the bar on what epic fantasy can, and should, be. When was the last time you read a novel of more than 900 pages and felt that it was a little too SHORT? In Storm, there are numerous places where Martin could have expanded on his narrative, and chose instead to keep the pace rushing headlong to the stunning climax. There is enough material tossed away over the course of this book to fill the career of a lesser novelist, as beloved characters and seemingly-important plots and subplots from the first two books fall by the wayside, sacrificed to the brutal necessity of what is becoming one of the greatest stories in all of 20th century fantasy fiction.<br />If, like myself, you were somewhat disappointed in the second volume of this wonderful writer's current epic, don't let it deter you from reading A Storm of Swords. The power, the mystery, the magic, and the intrigue that made the first volume so compulsively addictive are back in force. The third volume actually exceeds Game of Thrones for unpredictability, for character development, for the brilliant execution of an increasingly gripping story, and for the sheer rushing headlong madness of its pace. If you can stand to wait, pick it up over a holiday weekend, when the inevitable loss of sleep won't be as much of a problem. When the last page is finished, you'll sit as I did, stunned, filled with awe at the scope and power of Martin's creative genius. This is what all so-called &quot;epic&quot; fantasy should someday hope to be.
0679759328|3.0|Edith Hope is a British spinster whose friends have packed her off to the Hotel Du Lac in Switzerland  so that she can regroup after a horrible social disgrace, which is not immediately revealed to us.  Ms  Hope it turns out is a romance novelist, writing under a pseudonym.  She spends her days at the Hotel  working on her new novel, going for walks and taking tea with her colorful fellow guests and looking  back at the chain of events which brought her to this place in her life.<br />What develops is an extended meditation on the need for love and marriage and companionship.  Ms  Hope is all too passive in the face of these great issues.  As she tells her agent:<br />  ''People love (the story of the tortoise and the hare), especially women.  Now you will notice, Harold, that in my books it is the mouse-like  unassuming girl who gets the hero, while the scornful temptress with  whom he has had a stormy affair retreats baffled from the fray, never to  return. The tortoise wins every time. This is a lie, of course. . . . In real life,  of course, it is the hare who wins. Every time. Look around you. And in any  case it is my contention that Aesop was writing for the tortoise market.  Axiomatically. . . . Hares have no time to read. They are too busy winning the game.  The propaganda goes all the other way, but only because it is the tortoise  who is in need of consolation. Like the meek who are going to inherit the  earth.''<br />In the end, even if she doesn't necessarily get her man, she proves to be the tortoise emerging  &quot;victorious&quot; once again.<br />This is a wry, witty novel, sort of a humorous update of an E.M. Forster tale.  But it's an extremely  slender story and the docility of it's central character is quite annoying.  In the concluding scenes she is  rescued by a sort of Deus Ex Machina twist rather than by any personal growth or enlightenment.  But  Ms Brookner is a terrific writer and the book is a brisk enjoyable read.  I just find it hard to believe  that this was the best British book of 1984.<br />Grade: C+by any personal growth or enlightenment.  But  Ms Brookner is a terrific writer and the book is a brisk enjoyable read.  I just find it hard to believe  that this was the best British book of 1984.<br />Grade: C+
B000001EL3|5.0|After a band hits big, all eyes turn to them for their next release. If it hits, the band stays. If it misses, the band fades quietly away. After &quot;Alive!&quot; KISS found themselves in that position. Fortunately, &quot;Destroyer&quot; is a break-away album, far superior to the live effort that first got them notice. Aside from the fact that this is the first KISS album to feature actual production values, this is also KISS's only album to feature some downright mature songwriting. Sure, songs like &quot;Shout It Loud&quot; are nothing more than the rock and roll romps it intends to be. But songs like &quot;Detroit Rock City,&quot; &quot;Great Expectations&quot; and even &quot;God of Thunder&quot; are more solidly written rock tunes than what had come before from the band. They're certainly not high art, but they're darn good heavy rock and roll. The fact that 5 or 6 of these songs are STILL staples of any KISS show proves how important this record is.
0679416781|3.0|Gary Kamiya : Let me ask you about the genesis of The English Patient. I was curious how it came  into being. Because it does have a narrative skeleton, but over that is a fantastically imaginative,  rich overlay of words and images. What came to you first - an image? Or was the entire plot  present in your mind from the beginning?<br />  Michael Ondaatje : No, the plot wasn't there until I finished the book, probably. I don't really begin  a novel, or any kind of book, with any sure sense of what's happening or even what's going to  happen. Almasy [the badly-burned &quot;English patient&quot; whose tragic love affair with Katherine Clifton  forms the heart of the book] wasn't in the story in my head. Kip [the Indian sapper, or  bomb-disposal expert, whose love affair with the English patient's nurse, Hana, offers a  counterpoint to Almasy's story] wasn't in the story. Caravaggio [a shadowy thief with bandaged  hands] wasn't in the story. It began with this plane crash and it went on from there. Now, why did  this plane crash? What did that have to do with this guy in the plane? Who was the guy? When was  it happening? Where was it happening? All those things had to be uncovered or unearthed, as  opposed to being sure in my head.<br />  Then there was a nurse and there was a patient, there was a man who was stealing back a  photograph of himself. It was those three images. I did not know who they were, or how they were  connected. So I sat down, I started to write and try to discover what the story was. And build from  those three germs, really. I tend not to know what the plot is or the story is or even the theme.  Those things come later, for me.  -INTERVIEW : Delirious in a Different Kind of Way (Gary Kamiya, November, 1996, Salon)<br />Long time readers of these pages will be familiar with the concept of &quot;Letting the Tiger out of the  Cage&quot; (newcomers may want to read a brief definition.)  Well, what are we to make of a novel whose  genesis in the author's mind was the scene where the tiger gets let out?  Because as I was watching the  movie version, I desperately wanted the husband to succeed in crashing his plane and his wife into  Ralph Fiennes.  I mean, I know this is supposed to be a great tragic love triangle and all, but I'm not  big on adultery to begin with, added to which is the fact that they are just horrible people and what  passes for love amongst them is really little more than sado-masochism.  So, yes, I wanted them dead. Nor did I particularly care that the petty sneak thief, Caravaggio, had been dethumbed by the Nazis.<br />The characters that I did care for somewhat were Hana and Kip.  I realize that Hana was supposed to  be this horribly damaged woman, but c'mon, she's played by the luminescent Juliette Binoche, who, by  herself, nearly suffices to justify the continued existence of France.  Kip, meanwhile, is all earnestness  and courage, easy to like, even if his role onscreen is pretty minimal.  But then, just as it seems these  two and their relationship will rescue the story, Kip has his little freak out over the atom-bombing of  Japan, and we're left with only Hana.  After three hours, that just wasn't enough for me.<br />So I probably made a mistake when I tried reading this book right after seeing the movie; bringing too  much baggage along from the film to give the novel a fair shake.  Now, rereading it several years  later, I do like it better, but I still don't like it.<br />There's still the basic problem that the English Patient and Katherine Clifton are so profoundly  unlikeable and that their affair so little resembles what healthy humans think of as love.  Even more  disturbing, when the English Patient leads the Nazis across Northern Africa in exchange for access to  the cave where he left Katherine, he acts out the most abhorrent sentiment of the 20th Century, E. M.  Forster's monstrously selfish dictum : &quot;If I had to choose between betraying my country and betraying  myfriend, I hope I should have the guts to betray my country.&quot;  It would even be more honorable if  the English Patient helped the Nazis out of a genuine feeling of Anti-Semitism.  It would at least  reflect a capacity to think of people beyond himself.  But the nature of his relationship with Katherine  is exactly this selfish and destructive, so perhaps aiding the German Army follows from the logic (or  illogic) of their affair.<br />Hana and Kip are more central to the story, and that helps greatly.  Kip's background is particularly  interesting.  The scenes of him being taught about bomb disposal and of his relationship with the Brits  who trained him are especially well done.  Unfortunately, they only serve to make it even more jarring  when he reacts so hysterically to Hiroshima and Nagasaki.  His meltdown reads as if it's driven more  by Ondaatje's ideology than by the dictates of the character.<br />That ideology is troubling too.  In some ways, this is one of the most racist novels I've ever read :  Ondaatje is obsessed with skin and not merely it's substance but it's color. He mentions skin so many  times and in so many ways that I lost count, but, of course, the central metaphor of the story is the  English Patient, this vast repository of Western knowledge, with his white skin burned away.  Then  the old European lovers, he and Katherine, are supplanted by the new multiracial coupling of Kip and  Hana.  Finally, after Kip indicts the West for it's racially motivated bombing of Japan, he leaves the  Villa San Girolamo, this wreckage of Western civilization, and sets out on his own, symbolically  abandoning the white past and heading towards the brown future.  And just in case that's too subtle,  the final image of the book is Katherine knocking a fork off of a counter in Canada and Kip catching a  fork in India, the tools of civilization being transferred from white hands to brown.  There's a real air  of racial triumphalism and moral superiority to the story that perhaps only Third World authors can  get away with these days.<br />Ultimately, I did like the book somewhat better on rereading and it's much better than the movie.  There are some great images and the language is lyrical and often captivating, though after three  hundred pages it does get kind of cloying.  I guess this is one that I have some significant problems  with, but find interesting enough to give an extremely cautious recommendation.<br />GRADE : CI had to choose between betraying my country and betraying  my friend, I hope I should have the guts to betray my country.&quot;  It would even be more honorable if  the English Patient helped the Nazis out of a genuine feeling of Anti-Semitism.  It would at least  reflect a capacity to think of people beyond himself.  But the nature of his relationship with Katherine  is exactly this selfish and destructive, so perhaps aiding the German Army follows from the logic (or  illogic) of their affair.<br />Hana and Kip are more central to the story, and that helps greatly.  Kip's background is particularly  interesting.  The scenes of him being taught about bomb disposal and of his relationship with the Brits  who trained him are especially well done.  Unfortunately, they only serve to make it even more jarring  when he reacts so hysterically to Hiroshima and Nagasaki.  His meltdown reads as if it's driven more  by Ondaatje's ideology than by the dictates of the character.<br />That ideology is troubling too.  In some ways, this is one of the most racist novels I've ever read :  Ondaatje is obsessed with skin and not merely it's substance but it's color. He mentions skin so many  times and in so many ways that I lost count, but, of course, the central metaphor of the story is the  English Patient, this vast repository of Western knowledge, with his white skin burned away.  Then  the old European lovers, he and Katherine, are supplanted by the new multiracial coupling of Kip and  Hana.  Finally, after Kip indicts the West for it's racially motivated bombing of Japan, he leaves the  Villa San Girolamo, this wreckage of Western civilization, and sets out on his own, symbolically  abandoning the white past and heading towards the brown future.  And just in case that's too subtle,  the final image of the book is Katherine knocking a fork off of a counter in Canada and Kip catching a  fork in India, the tools of civilization being transferred from white hands to brown.  There's a real air  of racial triumphalism and moral superiority to the story that perhaps only Third World authors can  get away with these days.<br />Ultimately, I did like the book somewhat better on rereading and it's much better than the movie.   There are some great images and the language is lyrical and often captivating, though after three  hundred pages it does get kind of cloying.  I guess this is one that I have some significant problems  with, but find interesting enough to give an extremely cautious recommendation.<br />GRADE : C
B00000J7JO|5.0|DUDE if u want a PERFECT CD, this is it...... THIS CD KICK SOME AZ, CALIFORNICATION is the perfect song for those who listen to it while ITS HIGH or stone.... ITS AWESOME it really sounds cool They did a really good job, and they wrote this songs while stone too, so ITS PERFECT i hope u have a good time... REmenber in COLORADO the marijuana its legalized, alright TAKE CARE..<br />BUY THIS CD, but remenber TERRASAMBA is better LATER Seus maconheiro FDP
0792151712|5.0|Who cares about the other reviews, this motion picture has it all. A great plot, and fantastic actors who do an incredible acting performance for their parts. Kate Winslet is really a very beautiful gal, and Leonardo DiCaprio is a young fellow who is really charismatic and highly talented in his acting. Titanic is a story about segration between the classes-rich and poor, and about love. I believe that 70 years from now this motion picture will still be viewed by all audiences. Film history has been made-Winslet,DiCaprio-Immortalized Forever. I wish it had more (KISSING) scenes between Kate and Leonardo, still film, very well made!!!
B0000009UX|5.0|As a teen, hearing my best friend's older sister's Imperial Bedroom tape, was my first taste of Elvis Costello. We played it over and over, memorizing the lyrics. We were hooked. Imperial Bedroom was my first Costello cassette purchase. It led to the purchase and enjoyment of many more Costello tapes, which pale only to hearing Costello live and in person. My Imperial Bedroom tape has finally begun to warp and distort from the repeated playings. This year, Im updating my collection, by getting the cd version. I cant wait to hear it!
B00004XMVH|5.0|GREAT doesn't describe this film. EXCITING doesn't even come close. As a matter of fact, no word that I know of can fit this film better than MESMERIZING. A creat action film. A salute to submarine crews- the unsung heroes of WWII. Worth the money! Grade: A+
0440219078|5.0|I got this book from the library because my sister, who is only eleven, reccomended it to me. She said she enjoyed it, but obviously she couldn't have understood its true depth. I read this book in one afternoon, since it is short and the language simple, but it haunted me for days. This book made me so glad to be human; it made pain feel wonderful just because I could *feel*. <br />The only word for it is spectacular. It made me cry when I found out about Rosemary, and I was ecstatic when Jonas took Gabe with him. The ending is a bit unclear, but I think it was meant to be that way. This book will never end, since we all have our own ideas about what will happen next. I love books that end that way, since they can just make me think for days on end. Some people have said that this book is sick, and not something they'd want their kids to read. I think that that's censorship, and isn't that something that this book talks about? In the book no one is allowed to read books, for fear that they might actually - gasp - think! By saying that you wouldn't want your kids to read this, aren't you doing the same thing? This book isn't sick, it just inspires contemplation. The plot is beautiful and at the same time frightening. I could spend years analyzing it, since it has to many different meanings. I found it terrifying, since Lois Lowry is clearly warning us about what might happen if people continue the way we're going: We long for perfection, but can there truly be a perfect world? I doubt it, since a &quot;perfect&quot; world would end individuality and rebellion.<br />This book is wonderful, but it's not really suited for sixth-graders. If I were a teacher, I'd prefer to have ninth-graders study it, since I'm sure they would understand it much better. I'm thirteen, but I'm a bit ofa philosopher, and the other people in my grade who read this book didn't really grasp its true meaning.<br />This is an amazing book. It may be a bit strange, but, all you people who say that it's sick and you'd never let your kids read it, have you even stopped to contemplate it? It's people like that who made Jonas's world the way it was. Think about it.
B00004Z459|5.0|The best hard-core CD out there!  Linkin Park isn't as much rap as you would think there would be in rap-rock, and the hard rockness of it rules the album, plus a dj that tops incubus and limp bizkit's djs by miles.  One Step Closer is one of my favorite songs, and Points of Authority, Cure for the Itch (scrathes!), Papercut, and much more compliment the single to make an awesome unknown CD!!
052594527X|5.0|This is a very readable and convincing story told by a (fictional) maid who works in Vermeer's house and learns some of the secrets of how he sees the world and brings it to his paintings.  The book tells us much of life of domestic life in 17th century Holland from the perspective of the the 17-year old Griet who Vermeer paints in his famous work.<br />For me, there were two very interesting things about the book.  The first is that this description of domestic life tells us much about the subjects of Vermeer's paintings -- who the people were in Delft.  The second is that we learn a great deal about how Vermeer painted (e.g., layered paints to give us a richer mix of colors) and even tells us how objects were set up in his studio.<br />Griet brings a very nice sense of discovey to Vermeer's work as she understands more and more of how he achieves his effects.  This helped me understand Vermeer a bit more and understand more a more of his wonderful art. I found myself reading this book and then going back and forth from this book to a book showing Vermeer's paintings (all 35 or so of them).<br />The book was well worth reading just for its value as an art history/art appreciation text.  The book is much more than that though, in that it really tells an engrossing story a young and intelligent girl in a very realistic setting.  I recommend it very highly!
B00003CX8J|5.0|I loved this movie.  The story was kept very simple and did not try to over explain itself or over work itself. A few things were left out or changed from the comics but ultimately they are changes I can live with. I am referring to things like Wolverine &amp; Sabertooth not knowing each other that fact that Rouge and Jubilee were more or less morphed into one character.  I loved the inside jokes (the students), the Easter Eggs on the DVD are great!  Especially the outtake with an unexpected visitor.  :)  I won't spoil the surprise if you don't know, but all you have to do is go to the TV Spots part and highlight the rose and OK it or whatever, let 'er rip.  I about busted a gut let me tell you. The other Easter Egg is the in the Art Gallery and displays artwork for characters not used in this movie, but perhaps the sequel. I can say enough about it, Patrick Stewart man, that's a whole conversation right there.  He NAILED Professor X in my mind.  Hugh Jackman as Wolverine, in fact, I think all the actors pretty much nailed there characters. I think the reason I like it so much was like I said it was kept simple.  They didn't try and do too much, and you weren't bombared with all this information that only really makes sense to fans like me.  Outstanding!!  I cannot WAIT for the sequel, Bryan Singer's back on board and as far as I know, all the actors have said yes to one.  The seriousness is another factor.  I mean, the story, for being so out there is treated very seriously.  No goofy off the wall crap.  Oh, BTW, the deleted scenes aren't all that, but they rarely are (hence why they were cut out of the film) but there is one between Jean Grey and Professor X while they're talking about Wolverine that I liked quite a bit.  Still it didn't hurt the movie and kept the pace up.  Rent this movie and then when you can't stand it BUY IT! I saw this movie on opening and day and was waiting for the DVD with baited breath and was not disappointed at all.  If only Batman had been treated so well. . .yes, yes I know, DC vs Marvel but I hardly think that's an issue in this case.n had been treated so well. . .yes, yes I know, DC vs Marvel but I hardly think that's an issue in this case.
080018789X|4.0|I love this movie.  The soundtrack is incredible.  One question: Does anyone know at what point in the movie the song &quot;Wise Up&quot; by Aimee Mann is played?  For the life of me, I can't find it!
B00004SYWZ|5.0|I've always been a huge a-ha fan and I first couldn't believe they had released a new album after so many years. I bought it two weeks ago and can't stop listening to it since then.<br />I think it brings us back the best of their style but in a more mature and confident way. They are better than ever before!
B00003CXE7|5.0|You have to see this movie, everything is so wonderful about it: the costumes, the story, the shooting, the directing, the acting, the music.... I cried and I got scared, it's full of emotions and battles at the same time... Russel Crowe plays very good and he is very handsome and sexy in this movie. Great movie.
0887309372|1.0|After reading this book I truely get the feeling these two looked around their home, rounded up all the brands they ran across and decided to make a book out of it. Needed a few more bucks, I'm not sure?<br />I have never seen a more blatant use of glittering generalities in my life.  All the examples they had were poorly supported, if at all.  The law of contraction is just one example in which an analogy between the desire to become rich and acting like rich people, is flawed.  The authors illustrate that if you were to start buying &quot;expensive houses and eat in expensive restaurants&quot; you wouldn't be rich, you'd just be poor. Well duh. They go on to say that you must do what rich people did before they were rich...&quot;narrow their focus&quot;. While there is a modicum of truth in this it does not account for the continual refinement, and optimization that sucessfull brands adhere to on a daily basis, not just as a thought in the begining that you might want to consider.  The argument basically states that you get rich, spend all your money, and once it's gone, that's it.  Nevermind the work it takes to achieve and maintain your wealth. <br />There are morsels of information that get your mind thinking but if you can barrow the book from a friend I recommend that before I would purchase it.
B000051VWW|3.0|No one has more mystique and signature style than Sade, and this album is no exception. The first half of the album stands stronger than the latter half. &quot;By Your Side&quot; opens up with signature Sade, slow trip hop beats, with her trademark voice gasping on the brink of being intensely in love and intensely sad. &quot;King of Sorrow&quot; and &quot;Somebody Already Broke My Heart&quot; are the two other standouts. On the former tune, Sade belts out the first note, as though in a cry of grief. Though the album plays well in the background alongside conversations, car rides and dinner parties, it seems to lack the punch to springboard it into the annals of Sade classics.
0553213105|1.0|I hated this book.  It was difficult to read, because Austen never seemed to get to the point, and everything seemed to happen so slowly.  The characters seemed so pompous, it was ridiculous.  I had to read this book for a class, and disliked it so much, i didn't even remember that I had read it (repressing it in my mind).  It wasn't until one of my friends who had also been in that class reminded me that we had read it that I even remembered that i HAD read it.  Then i remembered why i had forgotten it as much as possible!
B000002H4C|5.0|Original motion picture soundtracks don't get any better than this, folks.  You won't here ME complaining.  There are so many great things to be said about this collection.  This is classic rock/metal at it's best.  Don Felder's 2 songs are better than anything that the Eagles have ever done.  Also you'll find one of the best (albeit lesser known) BOC songs - Verteran of the Psychic Wars.  And fellow Black Sabbath fans will be interested to know that Tony Iommi does a completely different lead solo on this version of 'Mob Rules.'  Believe me, I was surprised, too!  Speaking of different versions of songs, Sammy Hagar's 'Heavy Metal' is much stronger, here, than on his own album.  And if you haven't heard the song 'Crazy' by Nazareth, then you really are missing out.  I'm not a huge Nazareth fan, but this song rocks!  But I've said enough.  -- Scott S. &lt;sghost1@cool.com&gt;
B00004XONN|1.0|If you drive down Woodland Avenue in Long Island, you might find a cracked Radiohead Kid A album somewhere along the side of the road.<br />I absolutely love Radiohead.  Their work on &quot;The Bends&quot; and &quot;OK Computer&quot; was amazing.  I was expecting a change from Radiohead, as was pretty much apparent because they like to change their sound, but this album is utterly pathetic.  The album cannot boast one very good song, not even one.<br />This album is a collection of melodramatic, cosmic sounding rubbish, which sounds more like a B-Sides album than a major studio release.  I gave this album time to grow on me... I had it in my possession a few months actually.  After finally coming to the realization that this was one of the worst highly anticipated albums of All-Time, I broke the CD in half, and threw it out my car window.  That may have been a little extreme, but it goes to show what a big Radiohead fan thinks of their new material.  That is how disappointed I am with &quot;Kid A&quot;.
B00003CXE7|4.0|Loved the movie in the theatre. Loved it on DVD... except for the defects! The movie pauses and jerks around in the middle of the movie. I took it back... and got another defective DVD. I am very disappointed in this. The movie is awesome and is definitely a 5 star movie. But the poor quality of the DVD is a disappointment, especially for a Blockbuster movie like this. I came here to check and see if others were having the same problems and it appears so. I wish they would re-release it again on DVD and make it right by replacing any and all defective copies, but now I'm just dreaming.....
0451191935|4.0|At a time when Stephen King felt that he might be inundating the market with too many novels at once, he decided to publish several novels under the guise of Richard Bachman, pulp novelist.  These novels would be simpler, quicker, less complex thematically and stylistically than the more mature novels he was beginning to create.  In other words, these were novels he wrote for fun, not for artistic fulfillment, or profit.<br />But, as he himself admits, it's hard to remain anonymous when the style is remarkably similar.  While some have commented that the Bachman Novels represent a departure in style for King, it is in fact the opposite;  the Bachman Novels, being more about storytelling and less about sales, are Stephen King at his essence.  They are gritty, gripping tales that are only designed to entertain.  This is Stephen King before he became enormous, and compelled to pen enormous tomes that would work just as well at half their length (Not that I didn't enjoy them, but sometimes [and it kills me to admit this] King could do with some judicious editing).  These tales are to Stephen King as the BOOKS OF BLOOD are to Clive Barker:  Concise, tight morality plays that are deeply disturbing and highly rewarding.<br />RAGE, the first novel, is a quietly creepy tale of a high-school student going insane.  In one heated afternoon, he kills his teacher, holds the class hostage, and proceeds to delve into the beginnings of his psychosis.  It's THE BREAKFAST CLUB on acid.  RAGE shows off King's ease at capturing a moment in time, one of those moments that remain in the memory forever.  His evocation of a slowly draining mind is as effective here as it was in PET SEMETARY.<br />Incidently, RAGE is the only novel that King admits he wishes he never wrote.  Several similar incidents have occured across the United States, and RAGE has been mentioned in connection with them.  Considering how sympathetic King is to his protagonist, it's easy to see how disillusioned teens would come to identify with its themes.<br />THE LONG WALK is a bizarre tale set in a deeply restricted future, with echoes of 1984 and THE HANDMAID'S TALE.  Every year in this warped society a contest is held, whereby young men volunteer to walk until they die, the winner receiving 'whatever he desires'.  This could be seen as quite prophetic, considering the inanities that were inflicted upon the public recently in the SURVIVOR game show.  While RAGE showed the disintigrating mind, THE LONG WALK adds the body to the equation, as the boys literally walk themselves into their graves.  It is a grim, depressing story of friendship, hope, and eventual betrayal and madness.  It also has parallels to Shirley Jackson's classic story, &quot;The Lottery&quot;.<br />ROADWORK is often cited as King's least work, and it's easy to see why:  It is a 'serious' novel about one man's lone fight against the government.  It has no real scares, and very little momentum.  But King does manage to create another indelible character, and its sad little story is quite effective in parts.<br />THE RUNNING MAN, adapted into a quite unimpressive Arnold Schwarzenegger film, may be the best story of the lot.  It is not complex, or tremedously deep by any regard.  But, as King states in his introduction, &quot;It moves&quot;.  THE RUNNING MAN starts off full speed, and never lets up.  It follows one contestant in a game show where the rules are simple:  Survive or die.  It sounds similar to THE LONG WALK, but where WALK progressed at a slow, steady pace, allowing the reader to feel every ache of the walkers, THE RUNNING MAN is a breathless action piece, with an ending that ranks among King's most downbeat, and most effective.  It would also make one hell of film, one far more effective and thoughtful than Schwarzenegger accomplished.  Perhaps with a snarling Bruce Willis in the lead, or Willem Dafoe?<br />Some have dismissed The Bachman Novels as sub-rate Stephen King, an excuse to make more money,and done more for novelty's sake than anything else.  But clear your mind of these prejudices.  These are really fine entertainments.  Not works of art, but certainly better than anything Dean Koontz ever wrote.and done more for novelty's sake than anything else.  But clear your mind of these prejudices.  These are really fine entertainments.  Not works of art, but certainly better than anything Dean Koontz ever wrote.
B0000047CX|5.0|I will not repeat the praises for this CD already stated on this site.  However, for anyone who is concerned about the sound quality of a recording from almost 40 years ago, let me reassure them.  The CD's package indicates a &quot;meticulous audio restoration.&quot;  This is not just marketing hype;  this CD sounds fabulous.  Had I heard this CD without knowing the date of the orginal recording, I would not have believed its age:  It sounds as good as many contemporary recordings.  The folks at Verve deserve credit for creating a CD with such high quality sound.
0316921173|2.0|Prose dies now, as supposed &quot;Great Novel,&quot; book with pages numbered with zeroes three, subtext of notes with feet, many of:  boredoms, longish sentences, plots plodding slowish, andandandndndndndnd:  who cares?  Pick ye up Mr Jamesish Joyce or Thomish Pynchon for longly novels, or mastery, or fun fun fun.<br />F.D.R. &amp; things dead are inspiration, source of push for D.F.W.
0375703764|5.0|Wow!  I'm going to have to read this one several more times, maybe even write a page-by-page analysis on it, just for the heck of it.  This was an incredible book.  There's really no way to give a synospis of the story line (um, which story?), or really go into depth about my feelings for the characters (um, which characters?), there's just too much here to write about, and it would take way too much time and space to do it.<br />This book is so deep, so disturbing, and so fabulous, it has instantly moved to the top of my favorite books list.  I recommend you read it, whoever you are, whatever your interests are.  It will spur your imagination, and leave you wondering about life long into the night.  Not to mention looking carefully at every dark space to be sure it isn't expanding.<br />So go!  Buy the book, read the book, become changed by the book, and by all means, write in the margins!
6302787556|5.0|SAMUEL L.JACKSON was the directors's first choice to play the part, but he quarrelled with SPIKE ,so DENZEL got it.Either way you look at it, a movie about MALCOLM X is anything but a waist of time.It is interesting to see that the man made a few mistakes early in his life ,but he was able to recover and redeem himself.Any person who does something in helping his people to earn their rights deserves the highest praise. Now, who's gonna play MARTIN LUTHER KING in the near future:WESLEY SNIPES OR SAMUEL L. JACKSON?I go for EDDIE MURPHY ,because he rehearsed it gaining a few pounds when he did THE NUTTY PROFESSOR.
0441172717|2.0|You have to give Frank Herbert credit for having a great imagination and stamina. That's about all you have to give him credit for.<br />The plot is cumbersome. The characters have no charisma. The whole idea of this high culture developing on this barren rock seems pretty far-fetched. Herbert's invented ceremonies and cultural mores are wonderful, but they can't support the bloated story and anemic characters. Masochism not being my strong suit, I gave up on this one after about a hundred pages.
B00003CXE6|4.0|Upon vanquishing yet another enemy on the battlefield, Julius Caesar once famously crowed, &quot;Veni, vidi, vici&quot; (&quot;I came, I saw, I conquered&quot;). The same can now be said for director Ridley Scott, who with Gladiator resurrects and reinvigorates the Roman epic. Moviegoers may not have been pining for such spectacles since speeding chariots last rumbled through theaters in 1959's Ben-Hur and 1960's Spartacus, but the juiced-up Gladiator proves there's still plenty of grappa left in the genre. <br />Gladiator tells the bloody saga of Maximus (Crowe, in a star-making turn), a fictional warrior whom the movie plops down in 180 A.D. amid real figures from Roman history. Maximus's bravery, brains and decency have earned him the respect and loyalty of his troops and the admiration of Marcus Aurelius (Harris), Rome's ailing emperor. <br />When the emperor tells his preening, power-hungry son Commodus (Phoenix) that he intends to name Maximus as his successor and make Rome a republic, Junior goes wonky. Maximus barely escapes with his life and ends up -- the film is murky on just how -- enslaved and forced onto the provincial gladiator circuit (imagine a wrestling smackdown! with swords and massive blood loss). <br />Despite a thoughtful script that strives to add texture and context, Gladiator in the end is too preposterous (bring on the tigers) to be mistaken for a great movie. But its pull is potent, thanks to the razzle-dazzle fight scenes (the opening battle almost rivals that in Saving Private Ryan) and a magnetic performance by Crowe (The Insider), who shows just the right combination of heart and brawn. As his nemesis, Phoenix is sulkily amusing, and Nielsen, cast as Phoenix's sister, signals she's an actress to be watched.  <br />An amazing fictional historical drama all juiced-up and tasty.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Outstanding is the one word that comes to mind after seeing this movie. I never got the chance to see it in the theater but this is by far one of my favorite movies. When I saw that Ridley Scott was the director, I knew it would be great. I just didn't expect it to be this great! Russell Crowe is a terrific actor and brings Maximus to life, but Joaquin Phoenix was equally terrific as the evil Commodus. I can't say anything bad about this movie and the DVD &quot;extras&quot; are a definite plus. Especially, the deleted scenes. You must add this DVD to your collection!!
B00000K19E|5.0|My arm was twisted by well-meaning family and friends to open my mind and take in the wonderment of The Matrix. The second, third, and (I admit it)-- the fourth times--I twisted my own with Neoian flexibility.<br />Reeves, a computer hacker named Neo, taps into, or is tapped into by, a mysterious cyberpersonality named Morpheus (Fishburne). They meet in an abandoned hotel, where Reeves swallows a gelatinous pill that looks like a Nyquil.<br />With that, The Matrix takes a wild plunge down a very deep rabbit hole. Morpheus, it turns out, is a sort of digitally programmed buccaneer in an alternate universe, but it's actually reality, see, because the world humans wake up to each morning -- blue sky, breakfast cereal, Teletubbies -- is merely a scrim of dreams whipped up by a master race of robots who keep us asleep in plastic pods, then harvest us for food.<br />The Matrix is tough to explain, but then how much explaining does an amusement park ride require? And why would one want to explain it, just enjoy the ride. The movie zips along, fueled by elaborate computer-generated effects, including a martial-arts fight that has the gravity-defying speed of a Road Runner cartoon. Reeves, is exactly right as the hero, moving through hyperspace with zonked-out calm.<br />A fabulous fantasy which leads to in-depth, what if? discussions.
1879557541|4.0|It's simple, civilization developed in Eurasia because it's large, diverse, and has an east-west axis. Well, not that simple but that's the essential story, and Jared Diamond makes the point well enough. Other, more traditionally historical considerations are not covered however and there is almost nothing about cultural or religious factors. Perhaps that's just as well as these lead to much conjecture and Diamond is taking a new approach which, to be considered adequately, needs the simplification.<br />Did you know zebras were never domesticated because they bite people? That's part of the story because larger animals that could be domesticated gave early societies a leg up as they struggled towards the future. Eurasia/North Africa had horses, cattle, sheep, and goats. In the Americas and New Guinea/Australia (the latter were joined in earlier times) most candidates were killed off--which would mean that early humans were already too advanced to coexist with larger mammals with which they did not co-evolve (the author does not do much more than imply this). <br />Not much is said about North American buffalo.<br />Diamond does a better job on plants. With only a few additions from the New World, dietary staples today originated in Eurasia.<br />Germs: the more times you got sick, the better off your descendents (I'm paraphrasing). Those of us in the West can thank our domestic animals for transferring many of the diseases--making us lethal.<br />Diamond is accused of determinism. I think he's just taking the earth as organism into account....the drifting and the shaping of continents and the life which preceded our own.<br />He's also a bit politically correct. In the first chapter or so genocide is mentioned time and again in an indicting modern context but then the word goes unsaid in all sorts of &quot;displacements&quot; from the earliest times onward. I imagine he had to get our attention.<br />Diamond likes long lists of things separated by commas. He repeats them over and over. This accounts for a lot of the redundancy other reviewers have noted.
0553278223|2.0|I though this book was EXTREMELY confusing.  I think this book was &quot;Way over my head.&quot;  If you are young and have'nt read books of this type before I suggest you don't read this one.
B00003CXE7|5.0|All i have to say for the people that over-looked and read ALL the special features of the movie is that the cast and crew are extremely fortunate. That little boy lucius. I can't remember his name but i read his journal and what an experience he had, with all the luxury and barbeques and the bonding between him, Russell, Connie, Ralf, and sven. also when he met Arnold Schwarzenager(or however you spell it) After the emotion he put into his journal he must of been extremely sad to leave the set after shooting. I mean he got to meet Russell Crowe. i could only dream. and work out with a Mr. Universe. He really is a smart one, i wish i could of gotten in to acting, if he is reading these you are lucky and stick with it.
B00004ZAV3|4.0|Once again the almighty hype machine is in full swing as another addition to the Beatles catalogue is compiled and released. This time in the form of an Anthology Book mirroring the Anthology C.D's and videos that were released about five years ago and in addition a single disc Beatles compilation CD. The reason for the CD release has little more to do with anything than a way to once again cash on the Beatles legacy as the holiday's approach. Looking at the CD as merely a piece of music, not as the money magnet it's obviously intended to be, one finds it's still worth a purchase or atleast a second look. There are no new surprises here and most die hards already have these tunes as part of their original collections or on the greatest hits &quot;Red&quot; and &quot;Blue&quot; albums the band released in 1973.... The real interest here lies in the fact that never before has so much Beatle material been cramped onto one album. In true Beatle fashion the large majority of these songs have become standards although there are many omitted tunes that force this one disc collection to not be nearly as comprehensive as the Beatles original double album, greatest hits compilations. The Beatles had a huge number of hits and supposedly all of there number one singles are included here, but the mark of the Beatles lies on their original LP's and album cuts that were just as, if not more important than their hit singles. Many of the bands greatest tunes like &quot;A Day In The Life&quot;, &quot;Revolution&quot;, &quot;Across The Universe&quot;, &quot;I Saw Her Standing There&quot;, &quot;Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds&quot;, &quot;Back In The U.S.S.R.&quot;, &quot;Here Comes The Sun&quot; and &quot;Here, There &amp; Everywhere&quot; just to name a few, are ommited in favor of a number 1 hits collection. This would have still been exceptable but some tracks like &quot;Please Please Me&quot;, &quot;Twist And Shout&quot;, &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot; and &quot;Strawberry FieldsForever&quot; that were all British number 1's and huge hits in America were passed over. This in favor of important but still less essential tunes like the Beatles average debut single &quot;Love Me Do&quot;, &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot; and &quot;Come Together&quot;....Still one cannot complain with what's here and it could be argued that there has never been a more important or better sounding single disc of music ever made. The Beatles skiffled influenced debut single &quot;Love Me Do&quot; starts things off and from there singles like &quot;From Me To You&quot;, &quot;She Loves You&quot; and &quot;I Want To Hold Your Hand&quot; that were responsible for breaking the Betales and the entire British Invasion over to America are included. Songs from some of the bands most impressive early efforts like &quot;Hard Day's Night&quot;, &quot;Help&quot; and &quot;Revolver&quot; are included and wedged between them are equally important singles like &quot;I Feel Fine&quot;, &quot;We Can Work It Out&quot; and &quot;Paperback Writer&quot;. From there its off to the the mind blowing years of musical exploration from 1967 through their 1970 break-up. Psychedelic masterpieces like &quot;Penny Lane&quot;, &quot;Hello Goodbye&quot; and &quot;All You Need Is Love&quot; give way to the more straightforward ballads &quot;Hey Jude&quot;, &quot;Something&quot;, &quot;Let It Be&quot; and &quot;The Long And Winding Road&quot; of the bands ladder years....This is truly fine art with a capitol 'A', worthy of a place in anyones music collection, even if most people already have these cuts on some other albums or compilations. There's no question the impact and popularity the Beatles continue to exert and The Beatles 1 debuted on top of the album charts on both sides of the Atlantic.
B00004XOWM|4.0|Limp Bizkit is back. But again making a great LP. With songs like  &quot;My Generation&quot;, &quot;Hot Dog&quot; and &quot;Rollin&quot; make this a got-to-get LP. The music is great and Fred's vocals are great like always, but it just isn't the same as &quot;Significant Other&quot;. This LP is great go get it!
B00004XQP4|4.0|Ok, I admit it, when I first put Warning in my CD player, I thought it was pretty weak. I listened to it a second time, and liked it a little better, a 3rd and then 4th time, and now I am a pretty big fan of this CD. There are only a couple of &quot;dud&quot; tracks, and there a few tracks that keep the old Green Day spirit alive. I love the new, improved, Green Day, but the way they mix some of their older sound in there is nice. Out of 10, this CD gets an 8.5. Green Day probably knew they where going to lose some fans with this CD, but the more mature fans like me will enjoy this one. If you like older Green Day, there's about a 50/50 chance you are going to like Warning. I don't think I wasted my money here, it's another nice effort by Green Day.
B00004Z459|5.0|LINKIN PARK has honestly astounded me, not simply by the kicking tracks all through out the album , but the depth of those tracks really awakens a need for personal reflection. i bought this CD on a whim just from hearing a single track playing while I was in Sam Goody, I was not (for once) disappointed. This is the only Rap-rock Cd I can seriously recommend to anyone, the lyrics aren't particularly explicit, and the message comes across just as clear, proving good music doesn't have to conform to the seeming need for profanity these days. In My opinion the best track on the album is the first 'Papercut'. Rock on, this album fills the void of pointless Rock and Rap I've been hearing for a while now.
B00003CXFG|1.0|to think of a worse movie than this. It was painful to watch. Usually, you want to root for at least 1 of the characters. I was hoping that everyone would get it. And early. To end the misery of watching this movie.<br />I've already wasted too much time discussing this movie. Watch Aliens instead. And if you've already seen Aliens, watch it again. And again. But avoid this piece of junk.
B00003BDXG|5.0|This is probobly one of the best motion pictures I have ever seen in my entire life! Star-Studded and Action-Packed!<br /> This is the 1st Oliver Stone film I have ever seen. 2nd being THE DOORS which is good but can't compair to NATURAL BORN KILLERS in anyway. But from seeing the two I can tell that Oliver Stone must be a terrific filmaker. <br /> Now what I like about the Director's Cut is that it seems more complete, and has cut scenes to look for. Also on the VHS version there is a 2nd tape containing the Nine Inch Nails music video &quot;Burn&quot;, Deleted scenes, and &quot;Chaos Rising&quot; a NATURAL BORN KILLERS documentary.<br /> The NIN music video is very cool for more reasons then 1. One of the reasons is that it contains clips from the motion picture relating to Mickey's past. Second it is a really cool song.<br /> The Deleted scenes are also very cool. I have two personal favorite deleted scenes. One of theme is &quot;The Courtroom&quot;. This scene contains Mickey (Woody Harrelson) cross examining Ashley Judd. It is very violent and surprising. The other deleted scene that I like a lot is the &quot;Alternate Ending&quot;. This deleted scene has content taking place after the murder of Wayne Gale (Robert Downey Jr.).  Mickey, Mallory (Julliete Lewis), and Owen (Arliss Howard) are driving away in a van and Owen makes a comment about never being to Mexico. Then, MIckey tells Owen that he isn't going to because they were gonna drop him off at the next town. What happens next is surprising so I won't talk about it.     One of the things that was origanally cut from the film, but was put back into the Director's Cut was the Diner Murders at the beginning of the film. The things I noticed were when Mickey kills the 1st guys after cutting off his finger they showed him stabbing the guy more times than in the original. Also when Mickey cuts off the 1st guys finger they show the stump and the finger in color. Also when Mallory kills the Dancing Guy they show more blood and more of the assault. And also they have more of Mallory's original dialouge. Also when Mickey kills the 2nd guy they show the knife in the 2nd guys back after he collapses.  Other things shown were the hole in Wayne Gale's hand, Dwight Mcluscky's dismembered head on a stake, and much more content from the Riot.<br />So that is all I can say right now about NATURAL BORN KILLERS: The Director's Cut.
B00003CXFG|4.0|Excelent audio, video and fx
B00000F5KH|4.0|I saw central station based on the other positive reviews here.  I was not disappointed.  <br />This is a very good film about a cynical retired school teacher who, begrudgingly at first, helps a little boy who's mother has just died search for his father now living in a remote town.  In the process of searching for his remaining family she slowly rediscovers herself and a new meaning to her life.<br />The film starts in busy Rio and moves out into small towns.  The main characters are all excellent and portray the complexity of human emotions and behavior.  Cinamatography is excellent and interesting.  The film gives a good portrayal of how people view each other and how we get closer or create distance between ourselves.<br />A well made and interesting movie.  Recommended!
6301442962|5.0|Delightful Christmas fantasy of a charming old man who believes he is Santa Claus, and the wonderful change he brings to the people around him.  This perennial holiday classic is on many short-lists of the all time great Christmas movies.  The film just oozes with warm-hearted humor.  Very young Natalie Wood sparkles as Susan, who learns to stop being so grown up, and enjoy childhood, with all its wide-eyed wonder.  Edmund Gwenn plays Kris Kringle, and lives the role.  He totally connects with the kiddies who visit &quot;Santa&quot; at Macy's department store.  The brief scene with the little Dutch refugee girl is a definite emotional high point in this movie.  The combined reaction of relief and wonder in the child's face as she visits Santa and finds he speaks her language is memorable.  Gene Lockhart as the harried judge, and William Frawley as his street-wise political advisor provide the needed comic relief to keep the court-room segments from becoming too overwhelmed by lawyers and their tactics.  Even Jack Albertson shows up as an ingenious postal clerk who helps Kringle solve his legal problem.  The on-location scenes filmed on the streets of New York assist the viewer in suspending disbelief.  An enthusiastic cast, crisp direction by George Seaton, a sentimental holiday message, and great humor make this movie a solid holiday treat for the entire family.  Multiple viewing only enriches the rewards.  Beware remakes!  ;-)
B00003CXDG|1.0|Here it is at its finest, the typical hollywood &quot;pre-fab&quot; movie. Boy meets girl. Boy-Girl falls in love. Girl gets herself into dangerous situation. Boy rescues girl and saves the world in the process. BOO TO MR WOO! This movie was one of the most predictable movies to date. I'll give mine away if you pay the shipping!
0446677450|5.0|For a long time there has been a need for a book on wealth habits, things you would learn on dad's knee. This book is a big step in that direction. People do not realize how they are affected by the constant drumbeat of you-can't-do-it negativity from economics departments to government pronouncements to in-laws cautions to the comic strips. And this book names the issue and identifies some key behaviors. The idea: people who can prosper simply have a different and more effective practical philosophy, that to those from a negative background (most people) may seem like pat rationalizing or obvious  platitudes, or class snobbery,or polyanna goody-goody talk, but are really about ways of bringing things you know to fruition.<br />It is not skills but realizing that there are certain inter-generational atmospheres and habits that play the main role, and sorry, lie as they will, Universities and Government programs can't teach them. Why should they--if you have them, you certainly don't need what they have to offer. The strangest thing about our money economy is they teach no classes in public schools on how to get rich.<br />But you'll get a good start here in this book. I also suggest reading this with your significant other: there are a lot of conflicts that come from differing wealth psychologies, and this can be very helpful in getting things in the open for many people.<br />One point: the ideas here cross-apply to all fields in which you are trying to create something. You may not be particularly interested in making a lot of money, but there is a lot here that an artist or professional can learn from. And if you wish to explore further, his reading list is very useful.
B00003CXE7|4.0|WOW... What a movie! The only question I had after viewing it on DVD is.. Where was the hype for this one? Maybe I missed it, but this movie was right up there with some of the best ever. It also had something most others don't... REAL story-telling. Like Titanic and Saving Private Ryan, this movie wasn't long enough. Movie's like this you want to go on and on. All this and a history lesson too!
B0000025IE|5.0|This is widely considered to be one of the top-10 greatest heavy metal albums of all time. Judas Priest defined leather and hard-rocking metal, and British Steel was the anthem.<br />Judas Priest took the sound engineering to the highest level on Screaming for Vengeance, but British Steel may be the band's peak for pure metal rock. Breaking the Law, Metal Gods, Rapid Fire, Grinder... you get the idea. Now get the album.
B000051VWW|3.0|i am a true sade fan, but on her latest cd &quot;lovers rock&quot; i am left a little sad. i expected deeper tunes and more reggae-infused and jazzy melodic harmonies but i got a repeat of other work by the artist. the best two tracks are &quot;by your side&quot; (the ultimate love song for all) and lover's rock. everything else sounds like a monologue of some sorts. happy to see you back sade, maybe next time you won't take so long to return.
B0000025RQ|5.0|This metal masterpiece is one of the ten greatest heavy metal albums. What sets this work apart is the sound. The sound engineering still sets a benchmark for a rock album, with its fat, lush, rich-distorted sound. Just listen to Electric Eye or Bloodstone with a first-rate set of headphones: amazing!<br />Screaming for Vengeance is Judas Priest at the peak of a long, distinguished, professional career. This album alone puts them in the Rock Hall of Fame.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I was completely blown away when I first heard this cd. My roommate at the time owned this cd and I just loved hearing it everytime he played it, especially &quot;Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad?&quot;. &quot;Southside&quot; on this edition of &quot;Play&quot; sounds so much better with Moby's vocals alone as opposed to the new mix with Gwen Stefani (of No Doubt). There isn't one song on this cd that I hate. Not a huge fan of &quot;Bodyrock&quot; but it is still a good song. &quot;Natural Blues&quot; and &quot;Porcelain&quot; are other faves along with the more ambient tracks towards the end of the cd. I have yet to hear a cd where the critical praise is well deserved as Moby's Play has received.
0812589041|5.0|I read a lot of books, and I don't have a problem putting them down to do things.  Until this book.  I always had to know what happened next.  I found myself reading and walking, reading and cooking, and reading all night long rather than sleeping.  A definite must for Sci-Fi fans.  Ender's Game also may be of interest to gamers, internet junkies, and military buffs. I enjoyed it and am looking forward to the rest of the series.
B00003CXHJ|5.0|This movie have an excellent place if you own &quot;das Boot&quot; and the &quot;search for red october.&quot; Then you have the 3 submarines movies to own. Das Boot is surely suprior and remains the rfrence..but  U 571 has a fantastic sound with a lot of spcial effects that das boot don't have...mainly if you listen to it in DTS... this is an excellent dvd to own in your collection of submarines movies
B000020617|4.0|The Foo Fighters have done it again. Though not as good as I had hoped it would be, this is still an effort worth listening to. A bit too soft, in my opinion, they could have done better.With an all around well done album, I hope to see much more of the Foo's in the future.
B00004Z459|5.0|This Cd is like mix from incubus, limp, etc..  The DJ is good too..  I only heard about them yesterday, and I went and bought the Cd.  For sure this cd is gonna be one of my best Cds.
B00004T8RK|4.0|This is a great album. It is an album that takes a while to grow on you though. Not as well done as Ten or Vs., Binaural takes us deeper into the band we all know and love. Each song is kinda slow, but full of quality. If you are reading this wondering if this is worth your money, it is well worth the..., but you have to listen to it a couple times to get the feel of it and realize just how good this collection of songs really is.
0448060191|4.0|This story is about four girls growth into women in Plumfield during the Civil War, and their brave father, who came back home from the battlefield, and the mother who, devotedly watched over the girls.  The sisters include the beautiful and very womanly Meg; strong and sensitive tomboy Jo; innocent, kind, and quiet Beth; and free minded, sometimes selfish, but attractive girl Amy.  These four girls weaving story touches my heart deeply.  Laurie, a charming young man, has an unusually sincere love for Jo, yet marries her sister Amy in the end.  This scenario gives me another answer about the love and deep affection.  John, who is Megs husband, and Friedrich, who is Jos husband, helps the story becomes more exciting.         Before I started to read this book, I thought it was such a long story.  But as soon as I got through a few pages, I realized I was getting into this book so fast.  All of the discord and the love are compiled with various characters in this book so well that you wont ever regret reading.
0553579908|5.0|200+ pages into this series, I stopped reading the morning paper.  400 pages in, I started to go to bed a little earlier.  And now 1600+ pages later, I'm trying to reconcile breaking my no hardcover rule and buying book three.  For as much as I can't wait to see what happens, I also fear forgetting half of what and who has happened waiting for part 3 in paperback.<br />GRR Martin belongs in very elite company, critically, for me.  He is the Frank Herbert of fantasy.  His talent for characterizations is unmatched....gifting us with characters that are varying shades of good and evil.  His plot twists are brutal.  His use of suspense dizzying.  There is no clear cut hero, all are flawed.  Don't get too attached to anyone.  Expect anything (usually the worst) to happen.  And know that who makes it all 900 pages-in tact or no-is as much a crap shoot as the first installment.
B000001G89|5.0|The problem with Carmen is that it can be produced like a &quot;Grand Opera&quot; or a more intimate &quot;Opera-Comique&quot;. Teresa Berganza and Claudio Abbado clearly opted to go to its roots. I laugh at those who find Berganza &quot;too aristocratic&quot; in the title role, she just doesn't sing Carmen as a cheap woman, and all the better for it. Her warm, sexy mezzo is just perfect for this role. Domingo is just as good as Don Jose, wisely he scales down his &quot;grand&quot; italianate performance to fit the Opera-Comique conception and it works equally well. Abbado and the London Symphony milk the score for all its worth, every detail is there, and it is ravishingly beautiful. There aren't many great recordings of Carmen, besides Abbado's I can only recommend Beecham, Solti and Cluytens. All others have major drawbacks. Stay away from Maazel's (both of them), Ozawa's, Schipper's and Bernstein's.
B00000IAU3|5.0|her vocals are angelic, the songs are all a mature mix of  smooth jazz and driving dance beats...A must have
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|Wooww! This movie had some goary and explicit scenes... GREAT spoof on Scream 1, 2, 3, I know what you did... and I still know what you did.... etc Made use of some effects from Matrix.<br />Overall a must watch movie. I am strongly considering buying it when it comes out on DVD.
B000002KCC|5.0|If you are reading this and you don't have this masterpiece, please have them rush you a copy overnight. Then roll a little number for the road, get in your car, drive to New Mexico and play Albuquerque. There, you've just experienced heaven on earth. Sigh.
B000021XS0|3.0|Now before I start, let me preface this by saying that I like Dream Theater...they are attempting music that exceeds the limits of most radio airplay, which in itself says great things about the band.  In an era of fabricated corporate boy bands and degenerate lyrical content, Dream Theatre is a creative marval.  As for &quot;Scenes From A Memory&quot;, the concept is sound...a prog-metal opera in the mold of Rush's &quot;Hemispheres&quot;, Queensryche's &quot;Operation Mindcrime&quot;, and Saga's &quot;Generation 13&quot;.  The musicianship is phenomenal, but there is way too much going on throughout the entire CD.  I'm quite sure that this was the group's intent going in, to create a swirling sonic wash of notes.  There have been some great CD's put together in this vein, from old Return to Forever to Ozric Tenetacles &quot;Arboresence&quot; CD, as well as older Dream Theatre, to name a few.  But recordings like those have space in the music, which give the listener room to breathe. I find this CD, to be the most difficult of DTs to listen to...very good, but very taxing.  The keyboardist, Jordan Rudess, makes very good use of sounds, and has points in the CD which are very remeniscent of Emerson, Zappa, Kansas, and Mitchell Froom. Portnoy's drums and Petrucci's Guitars tight (perhaps a bit too tight to be humanly possible), while John Myung's bass lines seem buried in the mix to me.  James Labrie's vocals sound like Geoff Tate.  I give it 3 stars because of the barrage of notes, 5 stars for the musicianship, and 1 star for production quality.  If DT could play a studio the way they play their instruments, and learn the fine art of editing, they could be great.
B000000W5H|5.0|This album got me into the Stones after the radio tried its best to keep me away. Never mind the songs they play on the air until we're all sick to death of them. This album, like Exile on Main Street, showcases the real genuis of the Stones. Their variety of styles, their strength of songwriting, their loose jamming...it's all here. Perfect Stones song you've never heard: Time Waits for No One. Damn, these boys are talented.
B00000J8EK|1.0|as soon as i read all the previews stating that they were out to make something bigger and more lasting than other cds, i knew it was trouble.  and rather than the fun beats of the past we get this drivel.  guest spot by bernard sumner...what more do you need to know.<br />if you are expecting anything like planet dust or dig your own hole, forget it.  this is lightweight boring trash.
B00001NFCY|5.0|While the rating on Amazon doesn't reflect this fact at present, I feel that time will show that this album is far greater than My Own Prison.<br />MOP had some dud songs on it, whereas HC has song after song that could be released as singles.  The currently released singles are great - I lurve Higher.<br />Musically very similiar to Pearl Jam (the lead singer sounds a lot like Eddy Vedder), but lyrically a lot 'nicer'.<br />If you like grunge, but don't like depressing lyrics, then you will love this fine little collection of tunes.
B000002B7W|5.0|If you like musicians that can PLAY then this is the record for you. Ozzy is great as always, but it's the other guys you should check out. I was only 3 when Randy Rhoads died so I never got to see him play.  But I have seen Rudy Sarzo and Tommy Aldridge play live.  They are both incredible musicians.  Tommy plays drums last it's his last time every time.  His solo at the end of Steal Away the Night is classic Aldridge.  Sarzo's bass playing is just plain awesome.  You can hear the vituosity of these 4 gentlemen through your speakers on any record they've made.  A album for true rock musicians to have.
0385470819|5.0|A Time to Kill is a very thrilling book by John Grisham.  He shows the diversity between the blank and white Americans in the south during the time of segregation.  Jake Brigance is a young lawyer waiting for his first big case of his career.  Little does he know that his first major case may put him and his family into harms way.<br /> Brigance gets a case that the biggest lawyers in the world would only dream of.  He gets the case of white versus black.  His client, Carl Lee Hailey was accused of killing two white boys while they were being transported back to their jail cell.  Hailey shot the two boys for a reason, a good reason he thought, and they had rapped his little girl.    As the trial gets underway it brings out the worst in people.  It also brings out the racial hatred in this small town of Clanton, Mississippi.  The worst people it brings out is the Ku Klux Klan, a group that hasn't really shown their face around for the longest time anyone could remember.   A Time to Kill is one of John Grishams greatest books.  I have yet to read all of his books.  Until I do, I think this book is the greatest book he has ever written.  I would like to get the chance to read them all, until I do I recommend this book to anyone and everyone who is interested in reading about the variation of this nation.
B00003CXBK|5.0|As a fan of anime, I had read quite a few reviews on Princess Mononoke.  I knew, before I even saw this film, that it would become one of my favourites if not my favourite.<br />Well, I want you to know that this film exceeded all my expectations and then some, a powerful and gripping tale.  This film, will leave you awestruck with its beautifully illustrated animation, very emotional story, and masterfully done music score.  To quote an old commerical, &quot;It doesn't get any better than this.&quot;
B000002KBH|5.0|I'm sorry, there is just something about this cd that always has touched me. Brokedown is the most beautiful song, and the standout of the album. I have this urge to cry everytime i hear it. The vocals on Attics are astounding. Box of Rain gets me through hard times, and Ripple always puts me in a good mood. I love the Dead and everything i've heard them do. This is about as perfect a Dead album as you can get in the studio. Beauty has something for everyone in every mood. It's the first thing that pops in my head when i think about the Grateful Dead.
0800187881|5.0|Let's not waste words for things already said: I love this movie and it's very entertaining, funny, with lots of great characters (the supporting as well as BS). Love Lauren too!
0395489326|5.0|When Gandalf the Wizard discovered that Frodo's Magic Ring was in fact the One Ring, Ruler of all the Rings of Power, Frodo with his servant, Samwise and kinsman, Meriadoc and Peregrin with companions Aragorn, Son of Arathorn, Boromir, Son of the lord of Gondor, Legolas, Son of the Elven-King of Mirkwood and Gimli, Son of Gloin of the Lonely Mountain. They must travel to the Cracks of Mount Doom to destroy the One Ring to stop the evil Dark Lord, Sauron. Pursued by the servants of Mordor The Nazgul they must trust and rely on one another. This Book is for older readers as it is 3 large book for 1 story. It is a powerful and gripping tale !!
B00003CX8J|5.0|As far as big screen adaptations of comic books go, so many in the past have come up short, such is not the case with Fox's 2000 release of &quot;X-Men.&quot; Besides the first &quot;Batman&quot; film, &quot;X-Men&quot; is the best film adaptation of a successful comic book series. It works in all the right ways, ways in which past Marvel Comics features have failed, i.e. &quot;Captain America,&quot; &quot;The Punisher,&quot; and the &quot;Spider-Man&quot; television show.<br />First of all, they got a budget and a studio with some money. In order to do the X-Men justice, as is the same for any comic book come-to-life, there is a need for big bucks to pull the special effects off and create a believable world in which these characters live.<br />Second, they got an excellent motion picture director behind the project, Bryan Singer (The Usual Suspects, Apt Pupil). Instead of a monkey that could hold a camera to direct, they got someone with an eye for the feel of how the X-Men should come to the screen.<br />Third, and one of the most important points, they stayed true to the characters. Sure, some things were changed around (like the absence of Beast, Iceman as a teenager, and Rogue taking on a younger role as the Kitty Pride/Jubilee part), but the characters as a whole remained honest to the ones that die hard fans have loved for 30-plus years. I myself read the multiple X-Men series for years and found that the slight changes were not nearly enough for me to enjoy this film any less than I did. Sure, the costumes were modified, but wouldn't yellow spandex have looked a little odd?<br />Those in charge of casting did an excellent job, as well. Since filming on &quot;Mission: Impossible 2&quot; ran late, Dougray Scott had to leave the role of Wolverine, which went to Hugh Jackman, who did a terrific job. Had this movie been made 15 years ago or so, I personally think Mel Gibson would have made a perfect Wolverine, back during his crazy days, fresh from &quot;The Road Warrior&quot; and the first &quot;Lethal Weapon.&quot; However, the special effects would have suffered and it was very worth the wait. Patrick Stewart, Sir Ian McKellen, Famke Janssen, James Marsden, Tyler Mane, Bruce Davison, and, yes, even Halle Berry were all good choices in their roles, as well. The only thing I might have changed would have been Charlize Theron as Rogue (she had a pretty convincing accent as a Southern Belle in &quot;The Devil's Advocate&quot;) in place of Anna Paquin, but that's just a minor detail.<br />I look forward to the future; the establishment of a successful and excellently produced series has been made with &quot;X-Men.&quot; The actors and director have been signed, or are now in talks to sign on, for the coming sequel(s).<br />I loved reading the comics and I loved seeing those heroes I had only read about finally take their place on the silver screen, in such gallant fashion. I await even better adventures, with the continuation of story and the introduction of additional characters, in the coming years.
0780625129|5.0|&quot;Hate is baggage, life's too short to be pissed off all the time, it's just not worth it.&quot;~Daniel Vinyard You have to see this movie, because of that quote, it's what lifes all about, and mostly this movie. I never saw a movie with Edward Norton in it, but this definetly is one of my favorites. The message at the end is unbelieveable and so true too. Tony Kaye did a wonderful job directing it, like how the water looks when it just drops off of peoples faces,like it's in slow motion, and how it changes to black and white to color, I've never seen it done exactly like that. It made me confused at first because you want to believe Derek *Edward Norton* because he's so convincing, but he likes to ramble, I believed that some of the views were right, he killed those black men in self defense, but what I learned is that some of it is unnecessary. This is one of my all time favorites now, and I want a movie poster even though I have nowhere to put it. It's about fear, thoughtfulness, caring, love, and deep emotions. Eddie Furlong is the coolest!
B000002UQJ|4.0|Sometimes its hard to understand what makes an album classic. This album sold pretty well, but nobody talked that much about it. And I think is better than many of Macca 'classic' albums. In fact for me it is up there with Band on the Run. All the lyrics are great, and the album is full of energy. He recorded a show for MTV (Up close), and he played songs from this album and some Beatles tunes. The new songs were up to the challenge. These songs are that good. If you still can find it, get the 'hope of deliverance' single, it includes 3 tracks that are not here but that are just as good. Really hope this album turns into a classic sometime soon!
630575067X|5.0|this movie is star wars for a new generation. yes it doesn't have luke skywalker and the rest of the cast from the original but it does have a great plot. the special effects in the movie are some of the best i've ever seen. all in all star wars episode one rates up there with the original star wars. i recommemd this movie to any true star wars fan.
6304936303|5.0|In this movie Willis plays what has got to be barnone one of the baddest good guys action movies have seen in a long time; I'm not talking Die Hard here, but an even worse attitude. Some people he lets off easy with a swift, hard punch, and even gives them the choice of where to take it: &quot;Head or gut?&quot; And then there are some who earn &quot;Hit me again and I'll kill you,&quot; which is more than a threat. His constant harassment of the greasy Senator Baynard, who got him kicked off the Secret Service years earlier, is hysterical.<br />Wayans puts in a solid performance as a player ousted from the NFL for drug abuse, mixed up with Willis after his fianc is murdered. Somehow it doesn't work quite like a buddy movie; the characters move in different directions, but when they decide to work together they make great partners; it's a role they grow into over the course of the movie.<br />One thing I really like about this movie is that the bad guys aren't the usual mad scientist take-over-the-world fare. The head honcho is just a very rich man with a mission to get even richer by legalizing gambling in his state; it's as simple as that. Perennial supporting actor Taylor Negron is downright frightening as the villain's right-hand man Milo, who's a little more on the psychotic side than his fellow henchmen but shows it only with extreme violence and a twisted sense of humor. Think of an old western with the corrupt ranch owner hiring a ruthless killer leading a similarly ruthless but less intelligent band of thugs, and that's pretty much the picture. They're not glamorous, just evil.<br />Of course to really throw a monkey wrench into the works, Willis also has an estranged wife who he found out just a day or two before this mess was... entertaining his best friend (he took it pretty well), and a problem daughter who's basically just a product of her parents' rocky marriage. When the daughter starts to follow her father around, things really get out of hand.<br/>It's not non-stop action but it's pretty good, with a decent story to back it up. The Last Boy Scout reminds me a lot of a western or some old noir detective film in some ways, but with a few more twists and explosions thrown in. Definitely worth seeing, and worth watching again.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This is a great fantasy movie, carrying far more emotion than most anime and almost all live-action fantasy done lately.  I do agree that the voice casting is a little weird, BUT it could be worse.  At least they used real actors, and not some idiots off the street.  And if you don't like the voices, the DVD does include the Japanese soundtrack.  Now, about those endless complaints about the &quot;inaccurate&quot; translation - this is one of the best anime translations I've seen so far.  Remember the &quot;cousins&quot; in the American version of Sailor Moon?  (They weren't cousins in the original script...)  Remember Ed in Cowboy Bebop, who mysteriously turned into a boy in the American version?  Mononoke's translation may not be word-for-word, but it is a great translation of the spirit of the work - and that is how good translation should be done.  Sorry, but the stinging insult &quot;this soup tastes like water&quot; simply wouldn't have done it for me.  Top marks to Neil Gaiman - and if you like this story, check out &quot;Sandman - the Dream Hunters&quot;.  There, rant finished -  now BUY THIS DVD!!
B00003CX8J|4.0|When I read in Premier Magazine that &quot;X-Men&quot; was going to the big screen live (as opposed to animation),  I was hopeful, skeptical and worried.  I liked the fact that Patrick Stewart was going to  play Professor Xavier; I couldn't imagine anyone else, in fact.<br />But I'm Canadian.  Like Wolverine.  So I, like many other Canadians who also happen to love the X-Men, have a sort of personal interest in any changes that may be made to the Wolverine character--including going live.<br />Having stewed about this very fact for many months between magazine announcement and actual viewing, I found myself in a decidedly cynical attitude as the lights dimmed and the movie started.<br />I confess I didn't really pay a great deal of attention to the movie until Hugh Jackman came on screen.  As they introduced the character of Wolverine I found myself thinking, O.K., not bad, not bad, certainly not horrible...<br />By the end of the movie I was in love.  Hugh Jackman managed to convey the quintessential coolness that has always been Wolverine.  I was so relieved!  The rest of the cast wasn't too bad either; I was particularly impressed with Ian McKellen's portrayal of Magneto, since the comics display him as a powerfully built villain.  McKellen was every bit as powerful as the comic character without the build; that, my friends, is acting.<br />Also impressive was Ray Park's Toad.  I would have liked to have seen more of that character in the movie.  The story of how Rogue got that streak of white in her hair was also good, and I thought Halle Berry did quite a good job with Storm.<br />I think it's pretty much a given that we will see more &quot;X-Men&quot; movies--several more, I hope.  But the most important thing is that they got Wolverine right.  Thank-you, Hollywood!  This Canadian is grateful and relieved.<br />Incidentally, I feel anyone who enjoyed &quot;The Matrix&quot; or the Batman movies will really like this one.<br />Ciao.
B00003CX8J|2.0|I'll try not to go into too much detail, but this movie is just plain limp.  Hugh Jackman is great, and Patrick Stewart may have found the role he was born to play, but that didn't make up for the missing plot, the generic black costumes and weaponry, and the lifeless direction.  I expected a lot more from Singer.  The &quot;fried toad&quot; line could have been hilarious if it had been properly directed - Halle is a pretty good actress when the director is paying attention.  The same could be said for many of the actors in this movie. Regarding the DVD edition - first of all, it's pretty much a given that any new action movie will have impeccable sound production.  So why do so many people rave about the sound quality in every single DVD review?  We already know that the bar for technical quality has been raised from the VHS standard.  Let's try and get over it...  Second, the widescreen ratio of 2.35:1 has a horrible effect on most TVs.  Why couldn't we have this in 1.85:1 so we don't feel like we're watching 1950's TV sets?  Overall, X-MEN is a pretty good rental, especially for comic fans - but it's not a keeper.
0800129806|4.0|The film &quot;First Knight,&quot; was just an &quot;ok&quot; movie.  Richard Gere does a decent job playing Lancelot.  He maybe is too much of a pretty boy to be playing a rugged loner.  His style of acting doesn't really fit his character.  I'm used to seeing him in &quot;Pretty Woman&quot; which he plays a nice guy.  Sean Connery on the other hand, can play any part he wants to, because he is Sean Connery.  His style and the parts he play can't be imitated or limited.  He does an excellent job oof portraying King Arthur.  The plot of the movie is very good.  Malagant is the vilian in the movie.  In the middle of the movie he captures lady Guinevere.  Lancelot soon steals her back.  Then Malagant comes back to haunt Camelot again.  His men shoot and eventually kill King Arthur, but in a bloody battle Lancelot fights and kills Malagant on the King's throne.  This shows a little symbolism, and leaves you thinking what if Malagant was supposed to be a king.  It ends with Lancelot winning the girl and Arthur dying a noble death.
0780631684|5.0|Outstanding story, this movie is a trip. The gore is pretty good.
B000051VWW|5.0|I must admit that I had no intention of buying this disc.  I have Sade's greatest hits, which I love, but I thought all their (yes, &quot;their&quot; -- Sade is the name of the band fronted by Ms. Adu) previous albums were too much of the same thing, and I expected nothing different of this one.  But after reading some good reviews of this disc, I decided to check it out.  The band's new stripped-down sound actually gives more texture to the music, allowing Ms. Adu's vocals and the various instruments to come across with greater impact than ever before.  Much of this disc is reminiscent of Everything But The Girl before their current &quot;electronica&quot; incarnation, but Sade have produced a grittier and more soulful work.  I love it.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Well for me the movie was great from start to finish. The special effects and the actors and actress were wonderful. It was full of emotions,anger ,sadness,revenge and much more. I myself found myself crying in two parts of the movie,it takes a really good movie to get me to cry. My husband and i seen it at the theater and couldn't wait for it to come out on video. I can't say enough about this movie it would take forever. But one thing i'll say is rent it you won't regret it.
1878424114|5.0|This is a great book.  It helps guide you in the spiritual journey.  I reveals the universe as a wishing tree.  I think one should be humble and seek love as opposed to wishes, but hey it's a free world.  To better understand quantum physics I would recommend:  The Self Aware Universe by AMit Goswani, Both the Spiritual Universe and the Dreaming Universe by Fred Alan Wolfe
0131103628|5.0|This book is one of them.  Compact and elegant throughout, this book will take a reader who has some notion of how computer coding is done and lead him through examples and exercises designed to allow the devoted student to achieve buddahhood.  For any except the student with no prior experience whatsoever, there can be no finer guide.
B00003CXDG|1.0|The opening scenes were quite impressive but one soon got bored with the  tiresome trademarks of Woo imagery, slow mo poses and fire leaping.  It was a film made by Tom Cruise for Tom Cruise; A portfolio of scenes starring him rather than a film as we know it.  The plot was pretty basic and somewhat neglected (see aforementioned Woo imagery) and the ending was weaker than an American beer. TOP TIP: Save your money and wait for the TV release.
B000007WNN|2.0|This album was one of the biggest disappointments in rock. After the soaring, sweeping guitars of &quot;Love,&quot; this album came across as a cheap metal album. One reviewer says it is the album AC/DC should have made; maybe so, but the Cult were on the road to something completely different, something that transcended bar-rock. There were a couple of decent songs, but Rick Rubin's color-by-numbers production is just a terrible mix with the Cult's ethos. Instead of soaring spirituality, it's plain old earthbound mediocrity. The Cult never recovered, although &quot;Sonic Temple&quot; is a much better album than this. If you want the real thing, though, get &quot;Love.&quot;
B00004ZAV3|3.0|I'd say buy it for the easy access to a great collection, but don't expect the sound to shine as on Lennon's POB/Imagine -- it doesn't.  The early tracks benefit most from the recent remastering, but many of them also demonstrate the need for complete remixing.  When stereo was in it's consumer infancy, the hard left/right positioning of vocals/instruments was &quot;cool&quot;.  Now it sounds crude and primitive.  A Peter Cobbin/George Martin remixmastering would be akin to placing a Van Gogh under better more even lighting -- not to change the essence, but to bring it out more clearly and beautifully.  Why EMI chose not to treat these gems like Lennon's I don't know.  The standard mixes were already available...  It's nice to have such a nice collection on one disc, but the overall sound presentation is a let down when you hear what could, and has, been done.
0374172897|5.0|...A Cynical Feat of Plagiarism That Panders to the NY Literati? No, I plainly adore this short, carefully wrought, multiple-prize winning jewel of a novel. Cunningham inhabits Virginia Woolf, brings her back to us, dives deeply, languorously into character via Woolf's trademark reverie and reflection, gives us in the span of 227 brief pages a clutch of believable women and men, each teetering on the brink of a personal abyss. And yet, and yet. Not many chuckles here save an occasional wryly mordant observation, no hustle-bustle, no wasted energy--only a supremely wise, stately, moving, perfectly balanced and sequenced tableaux of setpieces that might have been subtitled &quot;The Dalloway Variations.&quot; Many have pointed out, with surprise, that this...this MAN...writes female characters that thoroughly convince. Well, so do, of course, Henry James, Wallace Stegner, Brian Moore, Robertson Davies (when he wants), a long list of others--but Cunningham's economy and diamond-hard precision astonishes on every page, free of fluff, shorn of any trace of excess, laserlike and true. Yes, he carefully observes and captures his women, but, you must forgive me for observing, with a left-handed, mathematical elegance that is unmistakably male. All this, and a killer punch line to boot. Yes, heartbreaking. Yes, in the end, staggering. Genius? You judge. Devour this in a sitting, buy copies for friends.<br />(I had originally wanted to dock Cunningham a star for his utter ransacking of Woolf--for plot material, character names and situations, everything but mise en scene. Alas, I could not: unlike his cut and polished prose, I am insufficiently hard.)
B00003CXE7|5.0|As a people we have always been fascinated with what has come before us.  Scientists and historians alike have dedicated themselves wholly to the project of determining where we came from, and how we got to where we are now.  The empire of Rome helped build foundations both in the social and economic fronts that remain prevalent even today.  Further, all ancient civilizations which endured powerful, lenghty reigns-- the Incans, the Egyptians, the Greeks, the Romans.  The era has fascinated me so much that I have choosen to dedicate a substantial amount of my time to the study of classics, and the Roman language, Latin.<br /> For me the film was a wonder.  The special effects are incredibly well-done, if not a bit too gory.  Partially inaccurate, yes; unbelievable, naturally... it's Hollywood.  But to me the key that makes a movie great is its ability to suck you in.  Can you imagine yourself right there in the action?  While your watching do you feel as if you are some silent character, standing beside Russell Crowe, swinging your sword along with his?  From the very first scene, I was lost in the world of Gladiator.<br /> For anyone who has ever felt the desire to be lost in the mystery and splendor of Ancient Rome, this movie is a must see.
B00003CXE7|5.0|While the film's sweeping scope is best appreciated on the large screen, this transition to home video is most commendable. The motion picture by itself is worth the price, but the inclusion of an additional DVD full of bonus features is a remarkable deal. <br />I'm not going to ramble on to praise Ridley Scott and his talented production crew, or Russell Crowe and the excellent cast; I see that there are a couple hundred other people who have already done so. I wanted to post this review to chide the film's detractors. Everyone is a critic, but some of the comments that I have read are petty, ignorant, and unwarranted:<br />One person wrote that the film is too long to be properly compressed onto one DVD. I assume that this gentleman is a digital engineer who designs and manufactures DVDs.<br />Several reviewers complained about the lack of realism and unsatisfactory computer-generated effects. I understand that George Lucas' ILM company is looking for their resumes, as they must certainly know how to produce superior results.<br />A reviewer of the movie's soundtrack on another site derided both Hans Zimmer's majestic score and Lisa Gerrard's exquisite vocal work. With a combined output of 65 film soundtracks, other successful projects, and numerous awards over thier respective 20-year careers, you think they'd be able to get it right by now. Undoubtedly, this critic's worst composition must be much better than either Zimmer's or Gerrard's best work.<br />Some individuals were unhappy with Russell Crowe's performance. One in particular felt the need to comment on the actor's excessive body hair. Assumably, this person is not only a respected acting coach, but also runs his own salon.<br />Several patrons of the arts flexed their critic skills by blasting the director's camera work and choice of shots. Perhaps these professionals can give Mr. Scott some pointers on his next project, after they've finished dusting off thier Oscars.<br />Numerous observers found thescript insubstantial, lacking complete story elements and character development. As far as I can discern, there is a beginning, middle, and end, conflict and compromise, well-defined characters, and resolution of the plot. Perhaps these reviewers might impart their years of film school education and scriptwriting experience to improve this weak fable.<br />Then there are the Rhodes scholars who found the film's story to be implausible and historically inaccurate. They might not be aware that this is a work of fiction designed to entertain people, not a documentary.<br />And let's not forget all those comparisons to &quot;Brave Heart&quot;, &quot;The Patriot&quot;, &quot;Spartacus&quot;, &quot;Ben Hur&quot;, and even &quot;Titanic&quot;. I look forward to these reveiwers' analyses of apples and oranges sometime in the future.<br />Thankfully, everyone is entitled to their own opinions, regardless of accuracy or relevance. &quot;Gladiator&quot; will probably not garner the industry accolades that it deserves at the 2001 Academy Awards, but it will forever stand as one of the most impressive productions in motion picture history.<br />But what do I know?
B000002UCQ|5.0|The release date of the remastered &quot;All Things Must Pass&quot; (with 5 bonus tracks!) has been delayed until January 23, 2001.  It will be worth the wait.
0451169514|5.0|I find it ironic that a lot of reviews mention the reader's age, and then how quickly they finished the book.  The beauty in this book is not in the quick pace of the novel, but rather, the details that King weaves between the lines.  He crafts every character individually, and by the end of the book, you feel an almost comradirie with the group.  It is great, not because you can finish it in a day, but because of the great details that help support every page.
B00004X01U|5.0|I admit the first time I played this cd through, I didn't enjoy it.  But then I gave it a second chance.  It was worth it.  Each and every song is awesome in its own way.  She really is awesome.  If you liked Ray of light.  You like this one.  Madonna is back and better then ever.  This cd just makes you wanna get up and dance.  All the tracks are good but &quot;Nobodys perfect&quot;  makes you wanna cry.  &quot;Amazing&quot;, don't be fooled by the title, if you're a guy.  You will think yea &quot;It is amazing how we do that&quot;  Girls can really relate to that track.  &quot;Impressive instant&quot;  A song that will get you in the mood.  It will be stuck in your head for days.  Madonna fans will not be disappointed.
0060977493|5.0|This is one of the best books I have read in years. The author has a highly distinctive style which is both incisive in its economy and poetic in its compelling imagery. I found myself reading passages aloud to my husband to share the creative use of words and the wisdom contained within relatively brief statements. One is drawn completely into the locale and the story. The characters are indelibly portrayed, quirky yet utterly believable. Highest recommendation! I could not put it down.
B00004W55E|3.0|Rachelle Ferrell has the kind of reputation most singers can only dream about, the kind that guarantees her bookings in the most prestigious jazz clubs and concerts whenever she chooses to sing, and a faithful, almost cult-like following.  What is so unusual about Ferrell's situation is that her reputation is based almost entirely on her live performances.  She has issued exactly 2 CDs in more than 10 years, one a straight jazz vocal released first in Japan, and the other a pop-jazz-r&amp;b fusion full of warm and wistful songs that brought her quiet storm attention and acclaim.  Her devoted public waited patiently for the contract wars and other problems to susbside, and finally their patience is rewared with &quot;Individuality (Can I Be Me?),&quot; a challenging and at times perplexing album.  The sincere title song sets the standard for the rest of the disc: superb musicianship, incredible stratsopheric vocals, thoughtful lyric and melody that wanders all over the place like a 3 AM vocalese exercise in a dark club.  The jazzy free-form &quot;songs&quot; address issues like forgiveness (the haunting &quot;I Forgive You&quot;), feminist solidarity (&quot;Sista&quot;), breaking up (the searing declaration of independence, &quot;I Gotta Go&quot;) amd falling in love (&quot;Reflections of My Heart,&quot; a beautiful duet with Russ Barnes).  Ferrell and her marvelous instrument has attracted some top-flight collaborators, including producer George Duke, singer Kenny Lattimore, guitarist/singer Jonathan Butler,and percussionist extroadinaire Lenny Castro, among others.  She wrote or co-wrote every track, and her lyrics are wrenchingly honest and smartly observed.  The melodies, on the other hand, at times wander into never never land in search of a lost chord or two.  I had hoped that with a layoff this long, Ferrell's material would have been better than this merely satisfying and competent set.  Perhaps next time out, she'll consider a few judiciously chosen covers.  Nevertheless, a must for Ferrell loyalists and jazz afficionados everywhere.Nevertheless, a must for Ferrell loyalists and jazz afficionados everywhere.
B0000026UV|4.0|If you want to hear some good -- often great -- guitar picking, without the pretense, by two masters, this is your album.  These two virtuosos challenge each other to greater and greater heights, and they deliver.  &quot;Yackety Axe&quot; alone contains more riff variety than you will find in any five songs by mere mortals.  I'm not a country fan per se, but Chet Atkins is a pleasure to listen to.  That Knopfler can keep up with (and occasionally pass?) him  makes you realize just how good he is. Of course, if you're looking for the usual junk, then this isn't for you.
B00004STPT|5.0|This is some of the best music I have ever listened to. From the uptempo beats of &quot;the battle&quot; and &quot;barbarian hordes&quot;, the melodic and melancholic &quot;sorrow&quot;, &quot;progeny&quot;, and &quot;earth&quot;, and the grandeur of &quot;the might of rome&quot;(my personal favorite), this is a great CD to listen from beginning to end. only thing i didn't liked (and i noticed this when i bought the DVD), was that some other great songs were missing. well, we'll have to wait for the &quot;collector's edition&quot; for them (or buy the DVD, it has a great recollection of deleted scenes that are accompanied by this music, that alone is worth the money).
0792156684|5.0|When James Cameron's Titanic Sailed to the big screen.  Many things sailed with it.  Emotions, Intrest, Wonder, Fear.  Many are critisizing the story.  Well let's look at it this way they are 2 TEENAGERS! This is their first experince with real love.  They will not go around and act like Old people.  And have the classical love and poems.  Remember they fall in love in a matter of days!  I own this DVD and I watch it all the time.  James Cameron put his effort to do justice to the story.  And I think of the people who died would like to be remembered.  Think of your self, wouldn't like if an event like that happened someone shows how did you suffer.  Well Titanic did.  For the special effects I am not gonna get into that because we will never gonna finish talking about how amazing they were.  And for everyone who said they can do better with 200 million lets see if you can take a risk of that much money and make a mega-scale, wonderful film like that (Don't compare it to StarWars, though I like StarWars but not as Much as Titanic).  By the way I'm a guy so it not an obsession of DiCaprio that I saw the film many times in the theater.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I think one of the reasons why Moby's music has become hot lately is because the diversity of all of his albums. One of 2 discs by Moby in 1997 had a dance- hard beat to it. &quot;Play&quot; had many songs on it I've heard before I bought it. I heard &quot;Run On&quot; first, then &quot;Bodyrock,&quot; &quot;Natural Blues&quot; &quot;Why Does My Heart Feel So Bad&quot; and so on. After that, my favorite track, even on the whole album &quot;Porcelain&quot; and the beautiful words to &quot;South Side.&quot; The tracks on this album are those that get the imagery in your mind. He was nominated for Best Male Video for a VMA but didn't quite win. My dad loves his songs too. On MTV2 was what convinced me to buy it, and it's not redundant like Fatboy Slim. This is like African-American folk mixed with dance, electronic, techno, and rock. This is also comparable to BT's &quot;Movement In Still Life&quot; though this is less repetitive in the chorus. This is stuff i'd expect to hear at a dance club. Also hip-hop is mixed to it. This is a good effort, on his 6th album. Also &quot;I Like To Score, Moby's other '97 release, has songs featured on certain soundtracks. He also mixes guitars, and did every instrument on this album.
B000050XEI|3.0|The music on the CD is very good, typical Enya. To my ear that is the problem. I was anticipating some evolution and imagination. My biggest problem however is spending $14.00-15.00 on a 35 minute CD. One song is less than one minute and 30 seconds! Why bother. <br />Unless your a true Enya lover buy her best of CD instead!
B00003CXE7|5.0|Three words: Blunt-Head-Trauma
0553106635|5.0|This book is just plain incredible.  I have tried other fantasy novels and none can stack up to this series.  Martin makes Terry Goodkind look like a little lost child in the woods and even Robert Jordan seems like an amateur story teller next to him.  These characters are REAL - no cooky cutter heroes and villians.  Who to hate?  Who to love?  Over the three books and especially this one - they keep switching.  Outcomes are never to be assumed, Martin is never predictable.  People die.  This is HIS world, Martin never loses control and no one is safe.  And this novel is his best one yet.  Three novels done, and not once does the story show signs of slowing.  There is no filler.  Every sentence is signifigant - Martin is not out to make a buck on this masterpeice.  There is no doubt that they will just keep on getting better and better until the end.
B00004Z459|5.0|When I purchased this CD, I was expecting a CD with maybe 5 good songs at most.  I figured that I was mostly buying the CD for the single One Step Closer.  I was totally blow away.  There is not one bad track on this CD.  With two lead singers, Linkin Park produce an original sound that mixes heavy metal and hard rock with a dash of rap.  Linkin Park also has turntables that only help backup their uniqueness.
6304240554|5.0|This movie is head and tails above the best when it comes to pure terror and (dated but fun) humour. The concept of the world being attacked by the undead and there is no safe place to hide adds to the overall genious of this movie. A graphically real tale that lends your imagination enough fuel to take this movie to heart and make it as savage as it appears. Mall haven+ undead hourdes= our heroes are in for a fright filled, combat frenzied, kill or be undead classic. If you are new to this series then take heart that there are others out there that also provide the basic zombie filled situations and fun. But this is the best of the best in my opinion. The crowning gem in Romero's crown. Run, hide, pray, but that's all going to amount to nothing because the undead is out there and they're hungry for the living. Fun for the horror lover in all of all us.
B00000FZQ8|5.0|Set in the far future aboard the spaceship &quot;Valley Forge&quot;, Bruce Dern and three fellow astronauts maintain the huge vessel and the forests that it contains with the help of three ingeniously rendered robots. The robots are so convincing that they steal the show, but they remain classic depictions that are on par with Robby from &quot;Forbidden Planet&quot; and the droids of &quot;Star Wars&quot;.<br />This is a sad story with a strong ecological message, &quot;Silent Running&quot; is a visual treat with outstanding special effects and a very realistically-depicted &quot;Valley Forge&quot; spaceship. A production note: Trumbull had use of the decommissioned naval aircraft carrier &quot;Valley Forge&quot; before it was scrapped and he was able to modify many of it's vast interiors for use in the movie, all to good effect.
0440211727|5.0|A Time To Kill is one of the best books I have ever ever read.  It is full of different issues like rape, murder, kkk, etc.  The plot just keeps on building and building.  Just when you think that it is about to slow down something else happens.  I haven't seen the movie yet but if it's anything like the book it will be great.  I recommend this book to everyone!  I can't wait to read other books by John.  I've read The Street Lawyer but it doesn't compare to A Time To Kill.  His first and best book.  READ IT!
B00003CXE7|4.0|The previous reviewer below, Mr. Bryce, should check his facts.  Commodus did fight as a gladiator in the coloseum, however unbelievable that sounds.  Look it up.
0380018179|4.0|The book contains a very interesting and believable set of characters, and I couldn't put this book down, even though I don't usually go for this type of literature. It did give me a chance to learn how people lived in a different time in a different place. The only flaw I found in this book is that the author made her characters little too extreme sometimes...
B00004ZAV3|5.0|To me the audio is much improved over previous Beatles CDs. An important note....here is the first CD stereo version of &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot;.
B000001FS6|5.0|I've been playing &quot;Rattle and Hum&quot; for years,and still enjoy it.My all time favorite cut is &quot;Angle of Harlem,&quot; about the great Billy Holiday.This would have to be my number 1 best record from U2.I've never heard such a fantastic singer like Bono,and he sounds even better on the live numbers.&quot;Pride,In the Name of Love,&quot; is almost like a duet with the audience.Everyone praising the late Dr.Martin Luther King.The Beatles,&quot;Helter Skelter,&quot; is another fantastic live cut.The  single released from the album,&quot;Desire,&quot; was a huge hit, but wait untill you get to the last song,&quot;All I want is you,&quot; with Tom Petty.This number is  Brilliant,with a beutifull String arrangment by Van Dyke Parks,who worked on Carly Simon's album,&quot;Film Noir.&quot; Every type of music is on this record,from the soft ballads,to the hardest rock songs ever.If your a U2 fan,you have to get &quot;Rattle and Hum&quot; for your collection.
B00000JGHM|5.0|A film that has two of the best actors of the last 25 or 30 years-Al Pacino and Robert DeNiro has to be good,and Heat definately is.They are on opposite sides of the law,with DeNiro as a master criminal,and Pacino as the cop who wants to bring him in.There are some other very good actors and actresses,too,including Val Kilmer,Ashley Judd,Diana Venora,Amy Brenneman,Tom Sizemore,Jon Voight,Mykelti Williamson,and Natalie Portman just to name a few.There is some great action,and it has one of the best movie shootouts ever.It's a very long movie,but extremely entertaining.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I was really impressed. I also liked Spartacus from many years ago, but did not expect much from this film. So many people said &quot;Just see it...&quot; And I did. <br />The main reason I am writing this is because I read the review from the one person who rated it two stars. I could not believe his review - he could not of seen the movie. He did in fact revenge his family - by his own hand he took the life of the most powerful person on the planet - Commidus Caesar, Emperor of Rome - shaming him in the arena with all of Rome watching him die. If that was not revenge enough, in true character he proclaimed Marcus Aurelieus' desire to have Rome be a Republic once again.<br />This movie was great, the story was great, the actors were great. The DVD set is awesome.<br />A must see 5 star movie.
B00004Y62T|1.0|I was expecting Matt Daman to be a bit more like he was in &quot;Private Ryan&quot;.  However, if you are expecting to find out anything about Mr.Ripley that is incredible, I can save you a few Dollars.  Unless you are of this flavor Mr. Ripley is a talented, psychopathic, homosexual murderer.  I wish that was on the back of the box when I purchased this movie.  With no offense intended against this particular community it would be nice if they would inform us before we spend the long drawn out moments trying to endure to the end ont this film.
B00003W8NM|1.0|Fight Club is an attrroctious movie that reeks of 15 minute fame.  The idea that all working class people can expect nothing good out of their miserable little lives and that we all need to be reduced to nothing but individuals who are truly no better then everybody else doesn't sit well, nor does the sight of men with large breasts or stealing liposuctioned fat to make soap.  Elements like this are true signs of the 15 minute fame mark.  Had it been kept with the premise of fighting to work out tension it could have been better.  Brad Pitt also makes for probably the most tetched character in movie history.  This movie is hidious and goes on WAY too long.
0790729725|5.0|Goodfellas,directed by Martin Scorsese,ranks right up with The Godfather as my two favorite gangster movies of all time.It's a long movie,but it definately holds one's attention the whole time.The acting is superb-some of the standouts are:Ray Liotta,Robert DeNiro,Joe Pesci,Lorraine Bracco,and Paul Sorvino.The rest of the cast is very good,too.The film is very violent at times,but the violence lends itself to the story.The soundtrack is fantastic,and the cinematography is excellent.Overall,it's just a great movie,and my personal favorite of Scorsese's.
B00003CX95|5.0|You've probably read many other reviews by now.<br />The Scots (particularly Lowland and Boarder Scots, who historically were involved in the events depicted in the events in this movies)...more likely than not, dressed like the Saxons they were (no kilts, but wool tunics and &quot;tartan-like&quot; cloaks).  The princess was a six-year old girl.  William Wallace, in his lifetime wasn't much of supporter of the Bruce.  Woad face paint wasn't worn at the time.  These are all the &quot;true&quot; facts regarding this story that many of the severly misguided critics of this film rely on to discourage you from spending your hard-earn money on this film.<br />Now...heart thumping drama, edge of seat situations, larger than life heros that are the same time mortally human.  Love, Romance, Patriotism, Revenge, War, Intrigue, Commeraderie, vile and despicable villains.  All around well cast characters, with joyous liberties taken to make an already legendary story and enhance the romance of it--complete with Kilts and Bagpipes.  If that is what you want, then Braveheart delivers.  I rue the cold-hearted and loveless individuals who find this movie dull and trite.  If you have a true passion for life and living, then you will love this movie if haven't seen it.  If you have some Scots in your blood, you'll be brimming with pride.<br />I don't watch movies to learn history, but sometimes a movie will inspire me to learn the truth.  And though liberties were taken to have the movie appeal the largest number of viewers, I didn't feel my ancesters (some of whom faught in the battles depicted) were done any wrong.  (In fact, they probably would have loved this retelling of what is now a legend and part of the National Myth of Scotland.)
B00004Y62T|1.0|I was expecting Matt Daman to be a bit more like he was in &quot;Private Ryan&quot;.  However, if you are expecting to find out anything about M,r.Ripley that is incredible, I can save you a few Dollars.  Unless you are of this flavor Mr. Ripley is a talented, psychopathic, homosexual murderer.  I wish that was on the back of the box when I purchased this movie.  With no offense intended against this particular community it would be nice if they would inform us before we spend the long drawn out moments trying to endure to the end ont this film.
B00003CXHJ|3.0|If someone was expecting 'Das Boot' well, you were expecting too much, but entretainment it is.I don't see ANYTHING wrong with the musical score as other reviewers have described. As a matter of fact one of the highlights of the film for me is the stirring musical piece towards the end and the softer theme during the titles. As mentioned before the plot is too far fetched, a submarine destroying a submarine with a torpedo...a submarine blowing a destroyer out of the water with a lucky shot...depth charges bending the subs hull out of shape but causing no effect etc etc etc. Interestingly this movie arose some interest, in the events relating to it, in my three sons ages 13-20! That is more than I can say about a LOT of movies!! They were glued with the action and later asked about subs, about WWII and about the Enigma secret. As with other DVD's the best part of the movie is the bonus material. Several interesting interviews and features. If you are looking for family action entretainment, you will like this movie.
B00003CWRX|2.0|IT WILL TAKE YOUR BREATH AWAY ONLY IF YOU'RE ASTHMATIC...Not that I've never liked long movies on serious topics with good actors, but not this one - it's difficult to withstand 150 min of gray-haired obese R Crowe (although I'm glad this part made for his raise to fame),even when he's very persuasively portrays pangs of conscience of an ex-CEO of a big tobacco company who wants to help bring overwhelming truth that smoking is bad and causes addiction to American people with help of ever-green, sorry, ever-young A Pacino, a journalist &quot;truth-digger&quot; who wants to push it through to national TV.  I agree, it's not all actors' fault, but some scenes are intentionally dragged out with no particular reason, so called &quot;terror unleashed&quot; upon R Crowe's character is unpersuasive, music is unnerving - this dramatic howling would have suited some Joan d'Arc-type movie.<br />In short, such movies are done for a very limited type of viewers if it was so brilliant, why it didn't receive an Oscar?  Compare with American Beauty. See the difference?). To me personally,who is too young to adore A Pacino only because he starred in some good mafia-movies 20 years ago, thank God we've fast forward, otherwise I'd be peacefully shoring after 30 min of the movie.
B00003CXDG|2.0|There are allot of horrible movies out there but this is the Worst Big Budget movie of the year. First Eyes Wide Shut and now this. Maybe because it was suppose to be serious and people were laughing in the theatre during parts they shouldnt be . I used to watch the TV show. This was nothing like that. It only took the name. The old show was about &quot;A Group of agents who defeated the bad guys. They did it slyly and at the end you were sitting there stunned. During this movie, I sat there Bored. I love action scenes but these were moronic. Hollywood at it's worse. If Thandie Lewis has a career after this, nothing will surprise me although Denise Richards keeps getting movie rolls so.... Avoid this and go rent a good action movie like T2 or Gladiator where is actually character development and not just images thrown at you to make money.
0792833279|4.0|I can watch this movie over and over again.  I have to admit the first time I watched it I got a little lost on who was who and what was what, but after seeing several more times this has to be one of the funniest movies.  John Travolta is perfect as Chili Palmer.  Dennis Farina is perfect as the role of Ray Barbone.  It's a wonderful movie and if you pay close enough attention you'll notice that the five main characters (Travolta, Russo, DeVito, Hackman, and Farina) all say the phrase &quot;Look at Me&quot; at least once.  I don't know why it isn't called &quot;Look at me&quot;.  Very entertaining.
B00004T9UF|4.0|Em, what happened?  Where's the self-deprecating humor of &quot;The Slim Shady LP?&quot;<br />I sure hope Em's not believing the hype and taking himself too seriously.  He's mad at just about everyone (DJs, Christina Aguilera, NSYNC, the media, parents, etc., etc., etc. ad nauseum.)  Sometimes it gets to be repetitive (&quot;The Real Slim Shady&quot; is probably the worst track on this CD,) but oftentimes Em shows the lyrical skills that made &quot;The Slim Shady LP&quot; so great.<br />&quot;Steve Berman&quot; is a great dig at the record industry, which no one can treat too badly for me ... &quot;The Way I Am&quot; is probably Em at his angriest, raging at parents in Columbine and his &quot;sudden&quot; relatives.<br />But the best song on the album is &quot;Stan.&quot; Eminem takes on the guise of one of his obsessed fans writing him letters.  The lyrics get more disturbed as the song goes on.  The beats and the melody are gripping, and whoever chose Dido to provide backup vocals is a genius.  Her haunting voice takes the song to a new level, one that I didn't think Eminem was capable of reaching.  &quot;Stan&quot; is one of the best songs of any style to come out in years.  The album's worth buying just for it alone.<br />So just buy the album and enjoy the music. Hopefully it entertains you, because THAT'S ALL IT'S SUPPOSED TO DO!!! ...  ENDthers LP's vicegerents favor a lifestyle that is as insecure as Eminem's reports. to the ears. I just can't take it.  The only artist that makes me cringe  more is Macy Gray with her high-pitched, nasal, RASPY delivery. My advice  to the &quot;artist&quot;: Save part of your profits for therapy for  yourself and your daughter. She will need it. Especially after you've  disrespected half her family (including yourself) to the world. And if she  complains, hey! Write a scathing rap about her too and do the MTV/Kurt  Loder/TRL marketing circuit to make sure the public is aware of its  availability. <br />My advice to the American public: wait till this cd shows  up in the bargain bin (and there's always Napster).
B00000IAU3|5.0|I have had this CD over a year now, and it's one of the few of my collection that I can listen to from beginning to end several times over and never get tired of it. If you like this I highly recommend checking out the soundtrack to &quot;Sliding Doors&quot; on which her song &quot;Thank You&quot; appears and her early pre-solo work with the group Faithless. My favorite track is the song &quot;Hunter&quot; about a girl affirming her independence, which is a great anthem for me being a chick on her own. Other highlights: &quot;Here With Me,&quot; &quot;Thank You,&quot; and &quot;No Angel.&quot;
B000002U82|5.0|About a year ago when I first got interested in this type of music, I knew that I wanted this album. I had heard so many great things about it and I had also heard some rumors about it. To put it simply, this is the best album ever. It captures the band at their finest hour and it features the best song writing ever. It is basically a 43 minute song. There are no pauses between the songs, meaning you can only feel the power of it if you listen to it all at once. It tells a story of life's insecurites, abandonment, and death. Overall it is pretty slow paced. It starts out with the opening track &quot;Speak to me/ Breathe.&quot; At first, you ccan hear nothing but a heart beat, so you turn the volume up. Then it more or less explodes. This will definitely get you into the album. Although the lyrics are somewhat depressing, it doesn't take away from the quality of the song. The next song, &quot;On the Run,&quot; is an instrumental track but still maintains the story. This is one of the faster paced songs on the album. It is showing how you can run from life's threats and problems, but you cannot avoid them, you can only delay them. They will always come back to you. &quot;Time,&quot; is one of my favorite songs on the CD. It features awesome guitar playing from Dave Gilmour and more lyrics that will make you think from Roger Waters. &quot;The Great Gig in the Sky,&quot; is another instrumental track. This is where Rick Wright really starts to shine on the piano. This one starts out slow paced but gradually gets faster and faster. This song shows some of life's insecurites. You hear a man's voice say &quot;..and I am not frightened of dying...anytime will do. Why should I be frightned of dying? There's no reason for it, you've gotta go sometime.&quot; Directly following those comments, the pace picks up. &quot;Money&quot; is a fabulous song. This expresses the greediness that we all posess. It is cut in half by an excellent saxaphone solo. &quot;Us and Them,&quot; is the best song on the album. Once again slow paced, that doesn't take away from the beauty of this song. This deals with sort of a mid-life crisis where you realize that you are mortal. Thus leading to a depression and even greater insecurity. This song features Roger Water's voice as good as it had ever been. &quot;Any Colour you Like,&quot; is a faster paced instrumental. Rick Wright once again shines on the keyboards and Dave Gilmour delivers some excellent guitar playing. &quot;Brain Damage&quot; is where the album and the storyline start to come together. It is where you become older and you are looking back on the good old days of childhood. And questioning the future and what is on the other side, if anything. But there is always hope. As says the line &quot;and if the band you're in starts playing different tunes, I'll see you on the dark side of the moon.&quot; The album comes to a close with &quot;Eclipse.&quot; This is the end of life, all that you have ever done ends. This is a wonderful song, maybe it is just because it is what you have been waiting for. It ends. but then you hear a voice that will keep you thinking forever. Remember how you were promised that if you ran into trouble that you would be met on the dark side of the moon? Well the man's voice says &quot;There is no dark side of the moon really, matter of fact it's all dark.&quot; Once again showing the empty promises that everyone in life encounters. This is the best album ever, hands down. If you are still not convinced, buy this album and play it while watching &quot;The Wizard of Oz.&quot; Push play when the MGM lion roars for the third time. That proves the pure genius of Roger Waters' song writing skills. Buy this album, you will not regret it.
0375501851|5.0|There is so much here to comment on but I want to keep this as brief as possible and allow you the reader to enter on your own and be overwhelmed.<br />Sure this book is long-winded, self-indulgent and at times I felt that the author was more concerned about conveying her impressive smarts than keeping the novel on a solid narrative course.  But at the same time I was alternately beguiled, moved, and genuinely felt myself caring for these characters in a way no new novel of this year has made me feel.  <br />The theme of White Teeth is cultural displacement:  (When is the last time you read a new book and was actually able to decipher a meaning behind it?)  Two families - one Pakistani, one half-British/half-Jamaican - over the last 25 years with excursions into turn of the century Jamaica, WW2 North Africa, and colonial India.  It is essentially the story of what happens when immigrant children try to break ties with their cultural heritage to assimilate into their adopted land.  In some ways this book reminded me of the recent film &quot;East is East&quot; which dealt with a similar issue, also in a very humorous and poignant way.<br />For all its narrative and linguistic flourishes, White Teeth remains a singularly intimate book about family, culture, religion, and the challenges of growing up in an environment where no matter how hard you try to fit in, you will always be marked as different.<br />I was utterly charmed.
630438551X|5.0|i don't understand how some people dislike this movie so much.  i love shakespeare and consider myself somewhat of a scholar of his works.  i'm all for retaining the purity of his poetry and works.  but his ACTUAL works and not the traditional interpretation of his works.  anyone who knows shakespeare should realize that the traditional &quot;men in tights, and formal english accents&quot; version of his works are just as much interpretations as this film.  None of them are representative of his original production for one simple reason.  his productions never stayed the same.  nothing was set in stone.  each performance of every play would vary depending on the audience.  mostly performed in open air theatres,  he had to compete with the stench of the streets, the shouts of people selling thier wares, the ever present noisy drunks...he was the MASTER of improv.  even the written version of the play was never one complete manuscript.  it was put together by people from different bits and pieces, from different productions, and different versions.  many of these were never written by shakespeare's hand, but by people paid to write down the lines as they were spoken during the production.   the only way that you can look critically at any interpretation of shakespeare, is to look at the intent of the play and the corresponding intent of the interpretation.  this movie's intent is very much the same as shakespeare's, from all evidence.   verona beach is exotic, violent, sexy and religious, just like Verona, Italy was considered to be by londoners in his time.  <br />Shakespeare's main intent of the play was to relay a story... a beautiful story, to any and all of the people in his audience, from beggars to lords.  and he did it however he could.  every traditional version of the play i've ever seen tried to formalize shakespeare.  he wasn't formal, he was a commoner with a great talent.  other plays have cleaned up, edited out, or lightly brushed past the innuendo andthe entendres he included in his work. unless you were lucky enought to under stand the meaning behind the words, you were left out on the joke.  no one ever tried to help you out visually, to help bring meaning to the words. Baz Luhrmann did.  he went to the same extremes as shakespeare would have to reach an audience.  he  brought out the ludicrous, the perverted, and the hilarious meanings in shakespeare's words.   Baz was reaching for one audience, one which has been completely left out of the loop as far as shakespeare's works are concerned.  If you prefer the traditional INTERPRETATION of Romeo and Juliet than by all means go ahead, but I think you would do good to watch this movie with an open mind.
0452281881|5.0|Not only is this the funniest book I have ever read, it is also a frighteningly accurate portrayal of the politics/roles within an advertising agency.  Strangely enough, I think that I might just work for the agency that the author worked with in London (and based his book on).  The similarities are hilarious.<br />Beaumont is just so skilled at making the email format work. Like another reviewer mentioned, you become accustomed to it within a few pages.  But the humor gets you on page one.<br />Oh, this book is just delicious.  But be forewarned - you will find yourself trying to read while at work, or cancelling your social plans to get in a couple extra hours of book time, or cursing your BART train for arriving at your destination so quickly.<br />You just gotta get this book.  Anyone who has ever worked in a large corporation will recognize the personality types and the crazy office dynamics.
B000001E8S|5.0|i just heard the passengers album and was quite frankly blown away.  the lyrics, music, edge's old style guitar playing, even adams vocal, just beautiful.  if you are a ultimate u2 fan or just happend to stumbeled upon this reccord, dont miss out.  this is far one of the best side job from u2.  every thing works right like it should.  i wonder why u2 did not go the way of (passengers) for (pop).  but simply one of the most interesting an awsom u2 (albums). dont miss out
B00004U8H4|2.0|Mary Harron's  *American Psycho*  is not a BAD movie, necessarily; it just isn't much of a movie.  It certainly fails at satire, because you obviously need a target worth satirizing, and -- I'm sorry -- 1980's-era yuppies were ALREADY ridiculous to begin with.  How can you make them more ridiculous than they already were?  It's like making fun of game show hosts -- an exercise in redundancy.<br />Harron has said that she has attempted to  &quot;rescue&quot;  the book by Bret Ellis from its bad reputation.  (Why bother?)  Her strategy is, first of all, to make this film a period-piece, i.e., cell phones bigger than one's head; that ghastly  &quot;nouvelle cuisine&quot;  thing that was going on in New York and L.A.; Walkmans; Huey Lewis and the News . . . so forth.  Of course, by putting the murderous subtext so firmly in the past, you tend to distance the movie from all the blood our serial killer spills.  As I watched all this, I was thinking that there was no good reason NOT to have this movie set in the present day.  I mean, let me get this straight:  people have NOT made a killing on Wall Street in the 90's?  people quit wearing Walkmans?  is  &quot;fusion&quot;  cuisine any better than  &quot;nouvelle&quot;?  are the Spice Girls less tacky than Huey Lewis?  In other words, we're in no position to sit back smugly and laugh at the trends of ten or fifteen years ago.<br />Other failures:  the stilted dialogue and narration, which, I take it, is directly from the book.  (Now I KNOW I'll never read the dang thing.)  Christian Bale's impossible task is to give convincing readings of lines like  &quot;Phil Collins'  solo work is more commerical, and therefore satisfying in a narrower way.&quot;  Sheesh!  This isn't a real person.  I like Bale, but this is an unplayable part -- there isn't a believable moment in it.  However, the satire does get sharper when the yuppies are sitting around comparing business cards.  The film is almost worth watching for that scene alone-- it's hilarious.<br />But Harron is so intimidated by her material!  Every frame shouts  &quot;Don't get mad!  It's a satire!  It's a satire!&quot;  Not that I was counting, but doesn't Bale end up killing more MEN than women?  You better believe this was by design.  The reason we know of Ellis'  book in the first place was its graphic description of mutilations perpetrated upon women.  There's virtually nothing like that in this movie.  And to further neuter the material, we're led to believe at the end that all of it was in the guy's head, anyway.  Which begs the question:  &quot;What was the point?&quot;
6305903182|5.0|With cameos from Liev Schreiber and so on we see the brilliant cast return . Although you may of thought he was dead , Randy aka Jamie Kennedy makes a come back on a video tape explaining the rules of the concluding  chapter of a trilogy , with his wise and wonderful words of horror  wisdom he helps Sidney , Gale and Dewey to save the day once again .  The story begins with cotton weary  and his girlfriend christine getting killed and moves on to the Stab 3 movie being produced . There are some exciting , scary and sad parts and all i'm going to say is you'll never guess who the killer is and to some of you i'll see you soon cause the rules say some of you ain't gonna make it .
B00004T9UH|5.0|This is a Cd with his thoughts to just plain being mean and all this cool stuff if you have to pick Eminem Marshall Mathers[explit lyrics} because this rules
B00001ODHL|4.0|Just one of many great one-liners from this movie.  Although usually found in the horror section it's really a comedy.  Think of it as a big budget &quot;B&quot; movie and a sequel to Evil Dead 2, which is also great.  This movie propels our reluctant hero Ash back in time to conquer evil.  It is an acquired taste and is considered on of those &quot;cult&quot; movies (I dislike that term).  Nevertheless, it's just a fun and silly ride into the past to fight an even more silly foe.  No bones about it, Army of Darkness is a great followup to Evil Dead 2 and especially enjoyable with a group of friends on a weekend.
6300251616|5.0|The first time I saw Dark Star was back in the 70's when it first came out in the theatres.  Out of my group of friends who saw it with me, I was the only one who thought that Dark Star was a great movie.  The idea of a near psychotic crew, a space ship on the verge of total systems failure, a playful beachball alien, happily suicidal planet buster bombs, a popsicle for a commanding officer, and a sad but funny ending...I don't know, maybe it had been done before, but at the time it seemed like the most original sci fi movie that I had ever seen.  I loved it so much, that it was the first VHS tape I ever purchased.  This is one of those movies that have great quotable lines, second only to Monty Python and the Holy Grail.  If you're seeing it for the first time, don't expect the high cinema.  The acting is mediocre, the sets are low budget, and the special effects, though passable for the time, are nothing compared to today's overly perfect, computer generated FX.  However, these shortfalls add to the overall charm of the movie, and if they remade Dark Star, using today's technologies and standards, it would totally ruin the story.  In my humble opinion, John Carpenter's first film (or maybe it was his second) was his best.
6305095442|4.0|If you don't have the capacity to just sit and take in a movie; if every movie has to have socially redeeming commentary or academy award winning production then skip this movie.  Otherwise, sit back with someone you can share a laugh with and watch this movie.  It will make you jump from fright then laugh out loud 10 seconds later.  The commentary track on the movie is equally entertaining, with Sam Raimi (director) and Bruce Campbell (star) trading insults and witty anecdotes about the making of this new classic.
0790751089|5.0|This 1995 film, BRIDGES OF MADISON COUNTY, stars Clint Eastwood and Meryl Streep, and was also produced and directed by the former. If you're used to seeing Clint in his belligerent Dirty Harry or Man With No Name persona, then you're likely to be enormously surprised by his triple triumph in this sensitive film in which nary a shot is fired or punch thrown.<br /><br />The Streep character, Francesca Johnson, was an Italian war bride brought back to Iowa in 1945 by the soldier whose heart she captured. Twenty years later, she lives on a farm with her middle-aged husband and teenage son and daughter. Long since before, she's had to give up her career as a teacher because her spouse, an otherwise gentle and considerate man, doesn't approve of a working wife. She lives, without dreams or passion, a life of quiet desperation. Then along comes the Eastwood character, Robert Kincaid, during a period when Francesca is home alone, the rest of the family off to the State Fair in neighboring Illinois. Kincaid is a photographer for National Geographic, his current assignment to photograph the local covered BRIDGES OF MADISON COUNTY. The divorced Kincaid is the quintessential wanderer, at home wherever in the world he finds himself at the moment, taking his experiences and relationships as they come.<br /><br />During the four days of her family's absence, Francesca falls deeply in love with Robert, and he with her. In him, she rediscovers her dreams of the wider world long denied her in rural Iowa. In her, he discovers the personal and emotional commitment that he professes not to need. When Francesca must choose between Robert and her family, Duty, Responsibility and Loyalty battle with the Heart for the outcome. The scene towards the end of the film in her husband's pick-up truck, wherein Francesca displays wrenching mental turmoil and emotional anguish over a decision that she must make immediately, is, by itself, an Oscar caliber performance by Streep.<br /><br />Is Francesca's decision a tragedy or moral victory? At the moment of her choice, how much of what she was and could have been was irretrievably lost? Perhaps hindsight and reason might provide the answer. But, the heart will never really know, will it? And the mind will play \\"what if\\" games until time and expectations run out.y or moral victory? At the moment of her choice, how much of what she was and could have been was irretrievably lost? Perhaps hindsight and reason might provide the answer. But, the heart will never really know, will it? And the mind will play \\"what if\\" games until time and expectations run out.
B00004YA66|3.0|You'll enjoy this movie quite a bit if you forget everything you've been told via movies and TV about time travel.  This has a different take on it.  Once you accept their premise the script is tight and works very well.  The acting is good too.  The subtext of this movie is the relationship between a man and his father who died while he was still young.  Now he has a chance to change that.
B00003Q438|4.0|This was and is an excellent movie.  The special effects are absolutely fantastic.  Several plot lines weave together to make this movie riveting, surprising, and fast paced.  Its only drawback is the length, it is over 3 hours.  If you have the time then spend it on this movie, it is just well worth the investment.
9998301726|4.0|&quot;You silly a . . . &quot; is a phrase often repeated by Bertram (Bertie) Wooster's favorite Aunt Dahlia in describing him in this country romp of romance and gastronomy gone wrong.  And that's the nicest thing she has to say about him in this story.<br />Bertie's main redeeming quality to his friends and family in this story is his manservant, Jeeves.  Over the years of their relationship, everyone who knows Bertie comes to realize that Bertie is a bumbling fool and that Jeeves is a problem-solving genius.  The parallels to Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson are unavoidable in one's mind, except these stories are played out as comedy along the lines of A Midsummer Night's Dream rather than as serious business.  Like Dr. Watson for Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, Bertie is the narrator of this novel.<br />Bertie, as a gentleman, feels that it is important to keep Jeeves in his place.  He looks for the old feudal spirit of serf to master from Jeeves.  When Jeeves challenges Bertie's decision to wear an informal jacket in the country that he brought back from Cannes, Bertie decides to put Jeeves in his place.<br />In Right Ho, Jeeves, everyone is looking for solutions to their problems from Jeeves.  The fly in the old ointment though is that Bertie tells Jeeves to stifle himself while Bertie tries to save the day.  As you can imagine, each Bertie wheeze (or plot) turns out to be a blunder instead that makes things much worse.  Then Bertie tries again, with even worse results.  And so on.<br />As background to the story's beginning, Bertie is just back from two months in Cannes on the Riviera with Aunt Dahlia, his cousin Angela, and her friend, Madeline Bassett.  Aunt Dahlia recruits Bertie to give the prizes at the local school, while Bertie scrambles to avoid the appearance.  His old pal, Gussie Fink-Nottle, a newt expert, has fallen for Madeline Bassett but he is too shy to propose.  Bertie works on Gussie's resolve.  Tuppy Glossop, another pal, is engaged to cousin Angela until they have a row about double chins and sharks.  Bertie tries to bring reconciliation to the warring parties.  Aunt Dahlia's domestic peace depends on the gourmet cooking of Anatole, which is essential to get money for her magazine out of her dyspepsic husband, Uncle Tom, to offset what she lost at the casino.  Bertie's misconceptions soon have Anatole in despair, and contemplating departure.  Aunt Dahlia is shaken to the core.<br />Things look glum indeed for the young lovers, Aunt Dahlia, and for Bertie.  How will the day be saved?<br />The book is wonderfully read by Alexander Spencer, my favorite narrator of these P.G. Wodehouse stories and novels.  Wodehouse intended these to be read as musical comedy, rather than considered as being drawn from life.  With the proper narration, with an appropriate English accent, the tales are much enhanced.<br />Why, then did I rate the book down one star?  First, the plot does go on and on through its complications.  A good editor could have chopped this down by about 25 percent and made a much better novel.  Second, there is a reference to people of color beginning with the letter &quot;n&quot; that will offend many, and certainly offended me.<br />A better offering in this series are the stories in the audio cassettes entitled, Jeeves and the Old School Chum.  You might start there if you don't know Bertie and Jeeves yet.  Only after you have used up the five star Jeeves audio tapes should you listen to this one.  And you should do so only if you are fully compelled to have more of Bertie and Jeeves.<br />After you have finished this book, consider whether you have ever failed to take good advice.  If you have avoided that, was false pride involved?  If so, how can you overcome that misconception and self-deception in the future?<br />What?Angela until they have a row about double chins and sharks.  Bertie tries to bring reconciliation to the warring parties.  Aunt Dahlia's domestic peace depends on the gourmet cooking of Anatole, which is essential to get money for her magazine out of her dyspepsic husband, Uncle Tom, to offset what she lost at the casino.  Bertie's misconceptions soon have Anatole in despair, and contemplating departure.  Aunt Dahlia is shaken to the core.    <br />Things look glum indeed for the young lovers, Aunt Dahlia, and for Bertie.  How will the day be saved?<br />The book is wonderfully read by Alexander Spencer, my favorite narrator of these P.G. Wodehouse stories and novels.  Wodehouse intended these to be read as musical comedy, rather than considered as being drawn from life.  With the proper narration, with an appropriate English accent, the tales are much enhanced.  <br />Why, then did I rate the book down one star?  First, the plot does go on and on through its complications.  A good editor could have chopped this down by about 25 percent and made a much better novel.  Second, there is a reference to people of color beginning with the letter &quot;n&quot; that will offend many, and certainly offended me.  <br />A better offering in this series are the stories in the audio cassettes entitled, Jeeves and the Old School Chum.  You might start there if you don't know Bertie and Jeeves yet.  Only after you have used up the five star Jeeves audio tapes should you listen to this one.  And you should do so only if you are fully compelled to have more of Bertie and Jeeves. <br />After you have finished this book, consider whether you have ever failed to take good advice.  If you have avoided that, was false pride involved?  If so, how can you overcome that misconception and self-deception in the future?  <br />What?
B00003Q43A|5.0|I saw this movie for the first time on VHS when it first came out and thought it was a great movie then, the DVD simply blows it away.  There are at least 2 additional plot lines added in to the movie with the restored footage.  About 6 minutes of restored footage was added that explains Brent Spiner's character a little better and more footage shows up regarding Randy Quaid's kids.  Overall, this is a totally different movie then what the VHS edition shows.  Definetely worth the investment.
B00004XPP0|1.0|I find it amazing that so few people(most of the reviewers here included) understand the depths to which George Lucas has fallen since making Star Wars back in 1977. Back then, he was an apsiring filmmaker with two great films- THX 1138 and American Graffiti- under his belt, an idea for a movie called Star Wars, and unlimited creative potential. I don't need to tell most of you anything about Star Wars- you probably know more than I do. But what I can tell you is that after Star Wars, Lucas gave up directing and just about abandoned the creative film process altogether. Of course, he returned to the director's chair with The Phantom Menace, but the resulting film made me wish he'd just stayed away - permanently. OK. Back to the point in hand. The three films in this box set are not- I repeat- NOT the Star Wars Trilogy most of us saw when we were kids and have grown to cherish and love. Lucas has succeeded in revising history by presenting the 1997 SPECIAL EDITION versions of the Star Wars Trilogy as THE- one-and-only, original- Star Wars Trilogy. This is not only wrong, but downright evil. It is not Lucas' place to change things- and we shouldn't let him. The National Film Registry certainly wouldn't agree with Lucas on this point- they have the ORIGINAL STAR WARS in their possession. I know some of you may like the SPECIAL EDITIONS better than the ORIGINALS, but don't ever forget that they aren't THE ORIGINALS. I certainly won't.
B000006NX5|4.0|The Love Unlimited Orchestra is Barry White's backing &quot;band&quot; and they laid down the swirling, lush orchestration behind all of his great hits.  Although Rhapsody In White is credited to the LUO, it is basically a Barry White album.  He does his usual duty of writing, arranging and producing.  The album sounds like it could be the soundtrack to a lost 70's blaxplotation film and is buoyed by the massive number one single &quot;Love's Theme&quot; which also became Mr. White's signature number.  Other standout cuts include the title track, &quot;Midnight &amp; You&quot; &amp; &quot;Don't Take It Away From Me&quot;.
B00004Y7SF|2.0|When I first saw this album in the store, I was very excited to hear what Christina could do with these Christmas works.  I am a classical singer, and Christina is one of the few pop singers I can stand because I think her talent and musicicality are very impressive.  Upon finally listening to the album, I became very frustrated.  She has a beautiful voice and I found myself shouting at the speakers, &quot;stop that!&quot;  She would never hold a note out past a beat and a half in the beautiful &quot;Oh Holy Night.&quot;  Instead she had to improvise runs for every single note.  She never paid any attention to line or the beauty of the actual written music.  She just tore through it without really singing the songs.  For me, this was very disappointing and frustrating from a singer, who I feel, is better.  If you're looking for a Christmas album of beauty and enjoyment of holiday music, I suggest Barbra Streisand's classic one and Jewel's collection.  Very artistic, moving and beautiful.
B00004TA41|5.0|This is Trane's last recorded studio album, coming a week after the &quot;Stellar Regions&quot; sessions, and he had a lot to get in.  One assumes the man was conscious of his impending death, which might explain the absence of Pharoah Sanders and the excessive and inspired soloing throughout.  The album is a dual-solo from beginning to end, from Coltrane and Ali.  Don't look here for anything beyond that- there is no structure, nor does one imagine that 'Trane had much of a plan before they turned on the mikes beside blowing them to pieces.  On &quot;Jupiter&quot;, Coltrane reaptedly uses a strange little technique to create a sound like a futuristic machine functioning, or laser fire, or *something* very strange that he'd never touched upon before that gave me the ego-annihilating willies.  If this sounds like your thing, or you want a good representation of late-late Coltrane (Ali sounds better here than he ever has and the loss of the rest of the quartet doesn't seem to harm the music) Interstellar Space would be a good album for you.
6305807043|4.0|Ever think of being someone else? What if there was a portile in which you could metaphysically go into and become someone else? Sounds good huh? How about if the portile was to John Malkovich? Who you ask? John Freakin' Malkovich that actor guy!! In this Spike Jonze film, you can be anything you want...as long as it's Malkovich. Real movie buffs will appreciate the zany humor and brilliance of this film. The concept is so original and so intelligent and almost silly at the same time. Oh yeah it makes you think about persepective, mind control, and the soul but it also makes you laugh while doing so. It barely misses a beat. John Cusack couldnt be more perfect as the down-on-luck puppeteer. American Beauty was an amazing satire about America facing its own suburban nightmare--itself!, Magnolia was about coming to terms with the past and it ain't through with us. But Being John Malkovich is about all those weird little thoughts you ever had about being yourself that you'd never tell your mother or your shrink for that matter. Imagine being exposed. Imagine wandering into another dimension. Imagine slipping out of your soul and into someone else's mind. Imagine being John Malkovich. Imagine...loving it.
B00004Y7SF|2.0|It's too bad that Christina Aguilera is wasting her considerable talent on mediocre arrangements and superfluous vocal histrionics such as are displayed on this album. The sense of the songs are lost and musical line is sacrificed for vocal fireworks that are not in keeping with the style or mood. It's frustrating to hear such a good voice not being used to its maximum potential. I was very disappointed.
0395974682|5.0|The Fellowship of The Ring sereies is an incredible tale of hardships and courage. It also tells us something; too much power can easily corrupt you. As we see the evil Sauron has had use of the Ring for many many years, and the more times that goes by without him having it he becomes more brutal and wants the ring more and more, for he can invoke the magical powers that are imbued upon it. While he is seperated from the ring he becomes more evil, gains more power, and eventually he has become so evil that he cannot help himself but to destroy everything he sees. I hope you buy this series and read it a few times, because it is an incredible tale. (Who wouldda though I'm an 11 year old kid??? Because I am)
B000007T1M|5.0|System of a Down is a combination of Rage Against the Machine and Tool on speed. However, instead of Rage's Zack De La Rocha, we have Serj Tanakian, who can change his voice about as many times as The Simpson's Hank Azaria. If you want a couple of examples of what I'm talking about, give Suggestions and DDevil a listen. On those songs, Serj goes from screaming to sounding like a record playing really, really fast to having a smooth, extremely mellow voice. He can also sing, too, if you listen to Spiders. Other good tracks include Suite-Pee (a really cool opener), Spiders, and the coolest song on the CD, Sugar.  SOAD is really an interesting band, and you should definately see them live if you get the chance.
B000005JA8|1.0|This album is based on a lie- instead of a replica trout mask, the photo is actually of an authentic, real, trout mask. This is an affront to native trouts like myself, since the sacred holy traditions of trouts hold that actual trout masks should not be displayed in public. Captain Beefheart (Beef Heart? or Bee Fart?) tricked the trout nation when he agreed to use a replica on the album cover, and then went ahead and used a real trout mask. This is very politically incorrect in the trout streams of America (where one can go trout fishing in America. Ha ha). For this reason, I have boycotted this album.  //  PS - The music is great.
0446608955|1.0|This is my first experience with a Sparks novel and likely to be my last. If after 20 pages you can't figure out where this book is going you're probably going to enjoy it. The time period of the fifties serves no real purpose and adds nothing to the story. (Sea bass and salad in a restaurant in the 50's, please!)The spirituality of love is no trifle but this book never convinces me that this callow youth has made such an incredible change. The prose reads like something that could be picked up the young adult section in the library. There was one saving grace however; it was short.
B000002BUY|5.0|Why this album hasn't broken the platinum barrier yet is beyond me. Incubus are a great band who show great pride in the music they create and put so much effort into each CD. S.C.I.E.N.C.E. will remain a highlight of their career, which is sure to be a long and prosperous one, because of the fact that, unlike your average rap-metal bands like Limp Bizkit, Incubus have a lot more diverse influences (Bjork, Radiohead, Rage Against the Machine) which really shows in the music they create, which comes off as a refreshing sound.<br />S.C.I.E.N.C.E. is one of those CD's made for everyone, from the adrenaline of &quot;New Skin&quot; to the jazz of &quot;Summer Romance&quot; to the techno of &quot;Nebula,&quot; this CD is one of the most creative we have seen all throughout the 90's.  Brandon Boyd has an amazing singing voice, he doesn't feel the need to scream every single lyric, instead, he beautifully carries them out with perfect timing and harmony.<br />If you are new to Incubus, you should really pick this CD up, it is quite a catch.  You will find that they will become one of your favorite bands and will earn a worthy position in your CD player.
B000000H7I|2.0|... i really regret having bought this CD. It just stinks. If i could go back in time I'd tell my past self to not even get near this record before checking out MP3s of it first, or something. 'Pierced From Within' will always be the best SUFFOCATION album to me... i simply cannot understand why people like this! Sure, it's technical, and yeah, the drumming is fast, but is it brutal? Goofy is more like it. I can't listen to this without shaking my head in disbelief at how retarded Frank Mullen sounds on 'Effigy...'. Really, he sounds like he's hacking up phlegm all over his microphone! Now i realize a lot of people like sick vocals because it's a Grindcore trait, but Grindcore bands use vocal effects; they don't wheeze and sputter all over in a vain attempt to sound monstrous. There's no doubt that Frank Mullen can roar, but he didn't start doing that until after this album... he just seems to be making goofy, annoying noise here. The vocals totally ruin this so-called 'masterpiece' for me. And to add insult to injury George Corpsegrinder adds some killer guest roars to 2 songs, just emphasizing more the fact that Frank Mullen sounds like crap! 'Effigy of the Forgotten' is pretty amateurish to me and SUFFOCATION went on to do bigger and greater things. What can i say? This might grow on me over time, but I've already had it for a year and i still hate it. Ugh! So kindly pardon me now while i listen to LAST DAYS OF HUMANITY's 'Hymns of Indigestible Suppuration' { You won't find it here }.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Can anyone say Recycle? God, and I thought when my dorky lil teenaged cousin played the first one was bad, now i have to listen to this crap.  Girlfriend. .  .  . no. Just plain NO. Go get some voice lessons first cuz the Mickey Mouse squeaking thing is OVER! I'm telling this as a former 80's pop star fan, all you little ones will get over it. Trust me. <br />Thank goodness.
0790729377|5.0|...these are the qualities that have made Marlon Brando a legend among actors, and they are clearly evident in A Streetcar Named Desire. The film really is a landmark, not only for his performance (and those of his co-stars), but for the way it forced Hollywood to reevaluate the way it censored movies. <br />There may not be enough superlatives for Brando's performance, and presence, in Streetcar. I am awed by the way he imbues his character, Stanley Kowalski with such realism, but that's what makes Brando such a great actor. Like, he lights his matches on the sole of his shoe - - that's just brilliant. He's incredibly charismatic and magnetic - - so much so that he makes Stanley a guy you hate to love. And he brought this raw sexual energy to the screen that's been much imitated, but never duplicated. Yet, he brings just the right hint of sensitivity to the part, makes you think that beneath Stanley's arrogance and (sometimes) violence, there's a heart. (Until the end of the movie, anyway...)<br />This film definitely deserves it's place among the 100 greatest of all time!!
047158651X|3.0|As an undergraduate student who had an opportunity to have Dr. Voet as my professor for my biochemistry class, I must say that this book is extremely useful for referencing but horrible for an intro class- it's just too detailed to be digestible.  The array of pretty figures are definitely a plus, but the texts are a bit confusing at times.  Go for a Stryer book if you're an intro student.
B00003CX8J|2.0|I'd lve to give the film 5 stars, it was a great movie. But the DVD is only getting 2 stars. Why? The package looks great. There a bucketful of extra features. The sound is great. <br />But the picture quality is lousy. Somewhere along the line, DVD makers have to be told that the actual film is what people pay money to see. <br />Take my advice and wait 'til the X-Men turn up in your local multiplex to see them in action again.
047158651X|3.0|As an undergraduate student who had an opportunity to have Dr. Voet as my professor for my biochemistry class, I must say that this book is extremely useful for referencing but horrible for an intro class- it's just too detailed to be digestible.  The array of pretty figures are definitely a plus, but the texts are a bit confusing at times.  Go for a Stryer book if you're an intro student.
B00004ZAV3|1.0|As a life long Beatles fan, I can't begin to express my disappointment with this new release.  I had hoped that this would be an opportunity for young people to hear how good the Beatles sounded to us older fans when these songs were originally released as singles.  However, for the most part, the selections on this cd are not the original mono single versions, they are the same sloppy stereo outtakes that EMI has been foisting on us for the last 30 years.  How could anyone who was not alive in 1964 listen to &quot;I Want to Hold You Hand&quot; on this CD and understand why this song changed so many peoples' lives?  It sounds like it was recorded in someone's bathroom.  As for the stereo versions of &quot;I Feel Fine&quot; and &quot;Paperback Writer&quot;, they are painfully bad.  This CD is just another way for EMI to make a few more bucks off of the memory of the greatest musical group ever.  Fellow Beatles fans, I urge you not to be taken in.  Do NOT waste you money on this worthless package.  Hold out until the powers that be at EMI relent and give us either the original mono versions of these songs or newly remixed stereo versions.
0446677450|5.0|I am 26 yrs old, happy and successful marriage, frugal, invest 25% of our household income in tax deferred accounts, going to business school for an MBA, on to a fast track with a major corp...I thought I was on the right track to financial freedom...until I bought this book and read about Poor Dad.  YOU HAVE TO READ THIS BOOK.  I agree with some of the reviews that the book is sometimes repetitive but that is only a minor price to pay compared to the key learnings you get.  I enjoyed the part about Texans and the fact that the guy liked the movie Jerry Maguire (at least I know the guy is down to earth). I have had this business idea for a couple years now and reading this book gave me the spark I needed to finally get it started.  This is an awesome book and highly recommend it. You bet that it will make my christmas gift list to some of my most deared friends!  Along with this book I would recommend to people my age:  The Millionare Next Door and The Richest Man in Babylon...I am sure Rich Dad read those too.
B00000J2KX|5.0|I just wanted to say that this is a great movie, but also wanted to comment on the DVD and the quality of the picture.  Kubrick is known for his excellent lighting in his movies.  The shining is no exception, and the DVD's quality in fullscreen, is stunning and super clear.  If you get a chance, watch this movie on a computer's DVD player with a 17 inch monitor.  The clarity over a normal TV is amazing.  That is because the computer's DVD player plays the DVD in progressive scan mode which is what HDTV's use. Normal DVD players use what is called &quot;interlaced&quot; which is not nearly as clear.  Its a real treat to watch on a PC.
B00003CXE7|5.0|First, whoever wrote the post that the Emporer of rome never got into the ring to do battle is an uninformed fool. It is documented MANY times that the emporer would enter battle against man and beast and the crowd would love it. This movie has a shallow plot, which isnt a bad thing, great acting, which is a good thing, increadible fight scenes, which is a good thing, emotional characters, good thing, and an ending that people SHOULD have expected from an epic. While it would have been great to see Maximus enter Rome with his army, anyone who thought he would was seriously blind to the movie. Russell Crowe as Maximus is a great pick(i like him better than gibson in braveheart), and Commodus was played brilliantly by Phoenix. If you like action packed movies with feeling in the characters, this one is for you
B000002KFJ|5.0|One of the greatest albums of all time.
0553106635|5.0|<br />It is difficult to really express what I enjoyed so much about this entry in the SOIF series withouit giving away some major plot lines, but suffice it to say, there are a considerable number of very compelling, interesting and realistic characters. <br />Each one has their own intriguing storyline and tendrils of plot lines whisp out, interconnect and combust as the story proceeds. <br />The overall storyline has become highly unpredictable, which is a rarity in this genre. The only downside of enjoying this series is the waiting between volumes. By the time each installment comes out, the intricacy of the plot line requires first re-consuming the previous volumes as a refresher.
B000053VAF|5.0|I have been waiting for this one almost a year now, Dogma was one of the best movies I saw last year.  I wanted to purchase this DVD when it first came out but heard about a special edition coming out in the fall (October or November) but nothing showed up. This is the first I've heard of it in a long time.  I will definatly be getting it at the end of January when it is now sceduled to be released. If you don't own Dogma and are thinking of purchasing it WAIT!,  the version out now has nothing special on it.  The special edition might be late coming out but it is so jammed pack with extras it will be worth the wait.
0345350472|5.0|<br /> Whenever a really good book is adapted into a really good film, the combined package is more than the sum of the parts.      That is the case with this book and subsequent film. Other examples of excellent duets are &quot;Solaris&quot; and &quot;Angel Heart/Falling Angel&quot;. (Board games being made into films rarely make it in my book, as exemplified by Clue.)<br /><br /> What I like about these couples is that the book and the film both take a different spin on the core matter resulting a more interesting, multi-layered story content.<br /><br />In this particular case, the two are quite different, but the book delivers some nice background and some meaty details which would have been difficult for the film to digest and present. The Deckard of the book is decidedly not the Harrison Ford of the film, and he is [unhappily] married ! He also comes off more as a working stiff rather than the self confident, independent and assertive movie Deckard. Realism can be so dicey in film, but it is the very heart and soul of literature of this type. Consider Ian Flemming's own James Bond, who in the book Goldfinger,  worries about about money, repairs to his car and consumes Benzadrine before going to the Casino with his boss to give him confidence, and later questions if he perhaps took too much. In a nutshell, this illustrates the difference between the two Deckards. <br /> I now berate myself for not reviewing the book as a book, but as a companion to the film. The story involves a man living in a future Los Angeles, several years after a murkily described world war. The successful types have all left earth and went on to colonize other planets, while leaving the &quot;losers&quot;, riff-raff, poor and an infrastructure (like law enforcement) behind on Earth. To our way of thinking, it does not seem so bad. Even the lowliest dirtbag gets to ride around in a hover [car/van?] and housing is plentiful. However, amongst the peculiar futuristic twists in logic and shifts in standards, the population has fallen so drastically that it now vogue to live in very crowded areas, in close proximity to one's neighbours. The cultural outcasts on the other hand, may live alone in a huge completely empty appartment building, or block, or neighbourhood. In another twist (considering the new Japanese electronic pets) The afformentioned war killed off much of the animal life on the planet, and one of the most coveted posessions is a real live animal pet such as a rabbit or a horse.  For the lower class, electronic substitutes provide an acceptable facade, the way a bicycle can substitute for a BMW. <br /> One of the tasks for the law enforcement division is the elimination of human electronic substitutes who are patently not acceptable, as their presence on Earth is indicative of massacaring their human former owners and escaping. The reason these androids escape to Earth differs in the book and the film, but the basically attempt to hide and merge. However, their inability to demonstrate any sort of empathy (an exclusively human reaction) eventually reveals them to be artificial. Deckard's job is to track down these articial humans, apply an empathy test and destroy them when he determines them to be androids. (He has never, apparently, killed a human by mistake). <br /> A new type of android is developed that has memories implanted from real people. This new type may or may not be detectable by current testing methods and Deckard lands up in the middle of attempting to earn large bonuses tracking several of these new androids down and killing them. <br />Inevitably, there is some confusion, with some telltale signs prompting one to think that some humans are androids, and some androids are human. This raises the philosophical question about the substantive difference between the androids and humans, the ethics of terminating an otherwise completely convincing human. <br /> If I had read this book before seeing the film, I would have described it as being a little quirky and eccentric. However, taken in the complete package, as I have described, is is both an extremely rich foundation *and* extension of the film.
B000001DQI|5.0|This album may be Elton John's best work ever. It spins a web at times operatic with elaborate and dramatic tunes such as &quot;Funeral For a Friend/Love Lies Bleeding&quot; and at other times raucous and sexual with tunes such as &quot;All the Girls Love Alice.&quot; This is a rare type of work: because of its unique variety of music, it will challenge many music fans. Those whose primary tastes run to traditional rock and roll may feel themselves stretching to appreciate the album's softer edges. Any risk the listener may take is well worth the investment. Despite its advancing years, the album remains fresh and energetic, like a classic Lamborghini with a Blaupunkt in the dash, kept in a warm garage and brought out for special occasions.
B0000399WI|5.0|This film was elected as the best ever in the history by a major Japanese entertainment journal.  Of course I agree.
B000006MS3|5.0|Provocative, experimental, progessive and intelligent.  This is the work of a pure genius or an utter madman.  There is stuff on this album that The Beatles and Pink Floyd in their most experimental phase never even imagined.  For example, on 'Leave it Open', Kate recorded the phrase &quot;We let the weirdness in&quot; and then played it backwards, and then she learned how to sing the phrase backwards, then she recorded herself singing it backwards, then she played THAT recording on the album, so that the net effect is an eerie technological experiment that really works even if it is so creepy.<br />The Dreaming was Kate's least commercially successful album, which must mean that it was her best, considering the fickleness of the average record buyer.  The experiments in sound and emotion may have been too far ahead of their time.  The good news is that the songs are just fascinating, and if you've started into the mystery that is Kate Bush, you might be ready for this album.  Fans of &quot;The Ninth Wave&quot; may enjoy this album, as it sounds like side 2 of Hounds of Love could never have been made without the chances Kate took on this record.<br />There is a fine line on the intellectual spectrum between madness and genius.  Sometimes a great artist can venture over the line to test the boundaries, and this is what Kate brought back with her from that journey.  Its not an album for first time Kate Bush fans, but its certainly a favorite amongst her long time fans.
0060920386|4.0|Great book about the real public to private activities of private equity firms. Nice to see that the investment bankers are again not very reliable partners...
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Iron Maiden has always occupied a strange place in the world or heavy metal: virtually no acknowledgment outside the metal community, yet within that hailed as one of the forms most potent, challenging, and ground-breaking bands. Their work in the early to mid-80s set standards that will never be equaled, so to see them reform their classic line-up in 1999 was to question their very existence. Then, they put out this album--within the metal community the buzz was high, because they had a huge legacy to live up to.<br />After a short, well-received tour last year, Maiden went back to the studio to produce an entirely new album, &quot;Brave New World.&quot; And to the relief and delight of true metal fans the world over, it's a scorcher, filled with everything that made Maiden great in the '80s.<br />It's dense, rich, filled with a sense of loss and melancholy. The songs have come to life, insinuating themselves into my head to rival classics like &quot;The Trooper,&quot; &quot;Hallowed Be Thy Name,&quot; and the rest. It combines the best of all their greatest work: the SF cosmic sound of Somewhere in Time, the complex arrangements of Seventh Son of a Seventh Song the hooks and metal attack of The Number of the Beast and Piece of Mind and the epic historical scope of Powerslave.<br />Bruce Dickinson's voice has never sounded clearer, more emotionally wrought, or more convincing. His voice carries the album, double-tracked at times to great effect. He means every word, soaring transcendently, growling with menace and then dropping to a heartfelt, world-weary croon. His voice is showcased best on &quot;Out of the Silent Planet,&quot; &quot;Dream of Mirrors,&quot; and &quot;Blood Brothers.&quot; These songs are melodramatic powerhouses, with choruses sure to move you in a way Maiden never has. Remember the longing and regret of &quot;Stranger in a Strange Land&quot; and &quot;Wasted Years&quot;? Those feelings are even stronger here, lending a sadness and maturity one does not expect from Maiden.<br />&quot;There are times when I feel I'm afraid for the world/ There are times when I'm ashamed of us all,&quot; he sings on &quot;Blood Brothers,&quot; the chorus of which seems to lift off this world. In the album's longest song, &quot;Dream of Mirrors,&quot; the band builds and builds slowly, the chorus bolstered by fat riffs and mid-tempo drumming, finally releasing all the pent-up feelings, Dickinsons growls, &quot;Lost--a hell that I revisit/Lost--a nightmare I retrace,&quot; and then they're off, Smith, Dave Murray, and third guitarist Janick Gers trading some serious harmonies with Steve Harris and Nicko McBrain holding down the backbeat. &quot;The dream is true,&quot; Dickinson sweetly sings as the tune comes to a quiet resigned end. Whew!<br />As for historical scope, &quot;The Nomad&quot; evokes a real sense of mystic, ancient desert wastes, legendary figures that wander this earth alone. The long musical interlude, including Harris on keyboards, is marvelous. You can lose yourself in it, just like in &quot;Rime of the Ancient Mariner&quot; or &quot;Seventh Son of a Seventh Son.&quot;<br />Other fantastic songs include &quot;Out of the Silent Planet,&quot; &quot;Ghost of the Navigator&quot; and the title track &quot;Brave New World&quot;--as Huxley intended, ironic--wherein Bruce sings: &quot;Dragon kings dying queens/Where is salvation now/Lost my life lost my dreams/Rip the bones from my flesh...Dying to tell you the truth/You are damned in this Brave New World.&quot;<br />These are songs that reflect upon loss, death, dashed hopes and an ache for understanding and knowledge that will probably never come. Plus they're all catchy as hell, with muscular, brutal riffs and headbangin' drumming.<br />The musicianship and songcraft is superb, rivalling anything from the mid-80s. This is not recycled Maiden, but a true, honest continuation of their greatest and most unique talents.oes not expect from Maiden. <br />&quot;There are times when I feel I'm afraid for the world/ There are times when I'm ashamed of us all,&quot; he sings on &quot;Blood Brothers,&quot; the chorus of which seems to lift off this world. In the album's longest song, &quot;Dream of Mirrors,&quot; the band builds and builds slowly, the chorus bolstered by fat riffs and mid-tempo drumming, finally releasing all the pent-up feelings, Dickinsons growls, &quot;Lost--a hell that I revisit/Lost--a nightmare I retrace,&quot; and then they're off, Smith, Dave Murray, and third guitarist Janick Gers trading some serious harmonies with Steve Harris and Nicko McBrain holding down the backbeat. &quot;The dream is true,&quot; Dickinson sweetly sings as the tune comes to a quiet resigned end. Whew!<br />As for historical scope, &quot;The Nomad&quot; evokes a real sense of mystic, ancient desert wastes, legendary figures that wander this earth alone. The long musical interlude, including Harris on keyboards, is marvelous. You can lose yourself in it, just like in &quot;Rime of the Ancient Mariner&quot; or &quot;Seventh Son of a Seventh Son.&quot;<br />Other fantastic songs include &quot;Out of the Silent Planet,&quot; &quot;Ghost of the Navigator&quot; and the title track &quot;Brave New World&quot;--as Huxley intended, ironic--wherein Bruce sings: &quot;Dragon kings dying queens/Where is salvation now/Lost my life lost my dreams/Rip the bones from my flesh...Dying to tell you the truth/You are damned in this Brave New World.&quot; <br />These are songs that reflect upon loss, death, dashed hopes and an ache for understanding and knowledge that will probably never come. Plus they're all catchy as hell, with muscular, brutal riffs and headbangin' drumming.<br />The musicianship and songcraft is superb, rivalling anything from the mid-80s. This is not recycled Maiden, but a true, honest continuation of their greatest and most unique talents.
B00000ADG2|3.0|Please, don't be offended by what I'm about to say, whether you're a fan or the artist, herself. This is only my honest opinion, which I have a right to express. I initially bought this album pretty much because of the rave reviews and comments that it garnered within a year of its release. I honestly thought I was going to get my money's worth, especially after hearing the part about how diverse the music on the album was. After upon hearing The Miseducation Of Lauryn Hill several times, from start to finish, I must say that what I thought was only half correct.<br />First off, the music was certainly diverse, more so on this album than on any other that was released in the 90's. However, the one thing that turned me off about the music was the constant, almost smothering presence of hip-hop beats on most of the songs. If Lauryn wanted to impress me on her album by incorporating hip-hop elements into her music, she could've at least gone the distance and used a live drummer that has good knowledge of hip-hop rhythms for ALL of the tracks rather than compromising them with some beat machine drowning out the other live instrumentation that I did happen to find throughout the entire album. Such programming not only leeches the soul out of the music, as I frequently found out after numerous album purchases, it also puts a considerable strain on the bass part of the speakers the way it did with mine (I have a BOSE mind you!).<br />Another thing that bothered me about the album was even though some of the songs in terms of arrangement and lyrical content were actually good (To Zion, Ex-Factor, Every City-Every Ghetto, the title track), the songs that showcased Lauryn Hill's rapping abilities just didn't do it for me. I agree with some of the other listeners on here that she's by far a better singer than rapper and in my honest opinion, I strongly believe in sticking to something you know you're good at. Besides, I also happen to have found that Mrs. Hill's essence comesout more when she's singing on the album. Plus, I couldn't stand the overkill of her ad libbing on some of the tracks. It also ruined whatever mood that Hill was trying to set on a particular track.<br />In conclusion, Lauryn Hill's album was good in terms of what she was attempting to accomplish, but I think that her ambitions ended up getting the better of her intentions and therefore lost her focus in the process. Don't get me wrong. She has good musical sensibilities, can write some really powerful and moving songs, AND can sing her heart out when the need arises, but as  producer of her own material she needs to improve upon (and as a rapper, forget it!). I'll even back up my argument by recommending Stevie Wonder's Songs In The Key Of Life as well as the vastly underrated Extension Of A Man from Donny Hathaway for those who still don't know where I'm coming from or what I'm trying to get at. Point is, you just need to look at the title of this review to realize what I'm saying here.
B00000JPH5|4.0|This movie is great fun.  Although Bowie's songs pop up in obscure places, he never fails to tantalize and is the ultimate Goblin King.  The thing I like best about the movie, and probably annoys some people, is that the heroine (Sarah) is just a normal teenage girl.  She feels like no one understands her, she's melodramatic, she throws tantrums when things don't go her way.  In fact one of my favorite lines is when Sarah has said for like the millionth time &quot;That's not fair!&quot;, Bowie replies, &quot;You say that so often.  I wonder what your basis for comparison is.&quot;  Parents with teens will understand. You don't have to love Henson to have fun with this film -- but, if your considering it as an introduction to his work, I'd go with &quot;The Dark Crystal&quot; or the &quot;Muppet Movie&quot; instead. It's worth a rental, at the very least.
0783227019|5.0|This movie is my favorite gangster movie of all time.  Pacino puts forth his best acting of his career.  Sean Penn is amazing.  I love the casting as far as Benny Blanco and Tony T.It's a must own, so you can watch it over and over again.
B00004RFCM|5.0|First she took LA, now she takes Manhattan! With Sex and the City, now in its third season on HBO, Sarah Jessica Parker has created a compulsively watchable series! Parker stars as Carrie Bradshaw, the alter-ego of real-life NYC-based writer Candace Bushnell (the blonde bombshell of Manhattan Sex Columnists!), who is the author of the book which started it all. <br />Thanks to great writing, real-life NYC backgrounds, and enthusiastic acting by the four female leads, Sex and the City is nearly flawless in its excellence and fun. If it has a flaw, perhaps it is that it is *completely addicting*! <br />In addition to Parker's Carrie, there's Samantha, the beautiful, fun, (read, quite a bit more promiscuous than even the daring of us would ever be in real life!), and ever-so-spunky PR Executive. Confident, hilarious, and tough, her one-liners are a highlight of the show. Samantha is played by the &quot;grow on you till you absolutely love her&quot; Kim Cattrall. Then there's Miranda (Cynthia Nixon), the lawyer who some at her law firm, where she is trying to make Partner, think is gay. She's also very spunky, and adds another dimension to the four-tette of gals with her dry humour and sarcasm. Finally, there's Charlotte (Kristin Davis), the self-described husband hunter who is much more conservative than the other three, but who still loves men, and who can't wait to find her Mr. Right. The comedy and fun lies in watching her search, often in vain, for just that, in the available (and as we see, sometimes not-so-available) pool of Manhattan men!<br />To round things out, there are beautiful men to boot! There's Mr. Big, Carrie's on-again, off-again Prince Charming, who will slay you with his charm, his smile, his mysterious appearances, cute little waves (usually directed towards the smitten Carrie), and his just as mysterious disappearances. He's Beautiful Eye Candy, and has just enough of that Bad Boy Elixir to keep Carrie (and all of us) yearning for more more MORE!Mr. Big, or &quot;Big,&quot; as he is called by the ladies, is played by Chris Noth from Law and Order (Det. Mike Logan).<br />Manhattan and all of New York City are just as much characters on the show as Carrie and her buds. The show is filmed on location all over NYC, and this really makes the show what it is. Living in real Manhattan apartments, the characters take walks in Central Park, along New York's city streets, by day, and by night, and spend afternoons and evenings at various restaurants and clubs around the city. All these great settings on the show make me want to visit New York, and see in person the unique greatness which shines on the screen. This show has a more realistic view of NYC than, say, the film You've Got Mail, and others. Sex shows NYC as lovely, fast-paced, gritty, and thrilling, all at the same time. I think the show gives you a tiny window into what it would be like to live in New York: the sounds, the people, the rhythm. Though of course, these gals do quite well with their work, and so have great apartments, and shop early and often for their $400.00 Manolo Blanhik or Jimmy Choo shoes, so 'realistic' is all relative! This show is just for *fun*. It's happy, and it's got just enough &quot;non&quot; thrown in with its fiction to make it a show which is truly exciting to watch, even for the third or fourth time. These gals feel like articulate and stylish friends that I get to visit now and again, and who consistently make me Laugh out Loud! Forget Therapy! Get enough  &quot;Sex!&quot; <br />If you are going to buy the first season of Sex and the City, the DVD's the way to go, if possible. First of all, there's better picture quality, but the true greatness comes in not having to fast-forward to get to all your favorite episodes! Plus, the six episodes on each disc are laid out clearly on a menu, complete with short descriptions and previews, if its been a while since you've had your 'Sex,' and you want to get right to the best bits! That said, there's not much filler here, the half-hour episodes are pretty much packed with excellent, witty writing, and va va voom acting. Please note that this show does contain risque subject matter and scenes, and so is really appropriate for adults only. <br />This is a must-see for all you women out there, and for the men, well, I think you'll love it just as much. It's impossible to watch only one episode per sitting. But I dare you to try! Good luck! :)
0790729733|1.0|First, I love this movie.  I am also a huge fan of dvd.  But give me a break.  The director's cut is horrible.  Fans of the movie as they saw it in theaters will probably be disappointed by the additional footage.  Furthermore, dvds are supposed to offer us variety and extra features.  If they are not going to give us any special features, then the least they could do is make one side the director's cut and the other side the far superior theater version.  This is dvd at it's worst, with the possible exception of &quot;Last of the Mohicans&quot;, another bad director's cut.
B00003CX8J|5.0|Comic book movies of the past (Captain America, Punisher, Spider-Man, and god forbid we mention the Fantastic Four one) have been, shall we say, dissapointing.  We now have a remedy for that.  Its' name is X-Men.  I have to say that I am a pretty big fan of this comic and I was blown away by this film.  I loved the little things that were shown in the film like the love triangle between Wolverine, Jean Grey, and Cyclops.  There were numerous other little things as well.  My favorite character in the movie would be Cyclops, portrayed by James Mardsen.  He pulls off the stick in the mud character that Cyclops truly is.  But the rest of the stellar cast brings every character to life.  The best item about this movie is that the story was so true to the comic.  And we have no one else to thank for this but Bryan Singer.  He made every X-Fan's dream come true. The additional ten minutes of footage on the dvd really should  have been included in the actual movie.  It gives us glimpses of cameo appearances and other little things that would have added to the movie rather than take away from it. All in all, this is a definate must by for anyone who either loves the comic or just enjoys a good Sci-Fi movie with a good story.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Listen, like many of you Beatles Fans', I too have all their CDs and found myself saying:&quot;What the hell do I need this one for?&quot;  But just look at the list of songs!  Christ!  I had to get it! And to be honest, a lot of them aren't their best...They're just the #1's.  Man,..it boggles the mind. I can honestly say that there will never be another group like this one...&quot;EVER!&quot;  For you new fans, get it...then get everything else...then get a guitar. I may sound corny..but it's more than just music - It's the way we live.
B00003CXE7|5.0|This film is absolutely beautiful in plot, screenplay, acting, etc. It is perhaps one of the best movies I've seen in a very long time. Russell Crowe does a fantastic acting job--his mere presence commands my complete attention :o) As to a previous review made by a Jon Bryce (one of the first reviews) stating that the Emperor never fought in the Coliseum, he's compeltely wrong. Commodus *did* fight in the Coliseum, many many times...he often called himself Hercules and dressed with lion skins...So please, to all future reviewers, if you have a gripe about the historical &quot;accuracy&quot; (most people whine about it but they could really careless) of the film, then great!! But at least back it up with sources or *something*.
B000002L61|4.0|DIo recorded two great metal albuns: HOLY DIVER and this &quot;LAST IN LINE&quot;. After guitarrist Vivian Campbell left, nothing was never the same again ...
B00001NFCY|1.0|Thank God it's only 11 tracks long! I don't see how so many people can like Creed. Personally, I think they're one giant bore. Their songs are soooo long and they keep on repeating the same things over, and over, and over, and over, and...well, you get the point. (Kinda like the Engergiser Bunny, huh?!) Their songs &quot;Higher&quot; and &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot; are overplayed on the radio and because of that, they got very annoying. You can't even understand half of what they are saying because the hard-core music drowns out their voices. Creed is just as boring and stupid as 'N SYNC. Hmmmm...does Creed and 'N SYNC run in the same category? Looks that way! Both are annoying, boring, and just plain stupid. Don't buy this album; it's a total waste of money and your time. Buy an album that's top-quality and by a band or artist with REAL talent!
B000002U82|2.0|This disk simply does not stand the test of time. For example, the echo used on the Us and Them vocals is over produced. Also the song Great Gig in the Sky amounts to nothing more than a bunch of screaming and lacks any direction what so ever. The songs Brain Damage and Eclipse especially have lost its appeal. &quot;All that you touch.....&quot;  seems dry and just lacking in anything thay can be taken seriously. During the &quot;High School&quot; days this was very stoney. But now it amounts to little more than  overplayed FM dribble. This music simply tries to hard to &quot;freak out&quot; the listener. Real music that holds up after 30 years or so is usually not so overproduced, but instead has strong, straight forward song writing.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This is definitely Savage Garden's best album. &quot;Affirmation&quot; is the best song on this whole album. In the song, they tell you all you need to know about life, and the things you should learn and not learn...stuff like that. I also love &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot;, which is a very beautiful ballad. The song is full of emotion. &quot;Crash And Burn&quot; is another of my favorites because of it's upbeat tune and outstanding lyric. My other favorite on this CD is &quot;The Animal Song&quot;. It's another great upbeat song with a good, positive message. In fact, all of their songs have good, positive messages. Savage Garden's vocals are beautiful and really amazing on this album. I was truely blown away by their voices and music from this album. I really recommend AFFIRMATION....trust me....you won't be disappointed!
B00000099Y|5.0|This album was released almost five years ago, and its content still manages to amaze and stimulate me in ways that other albums have seldom been capable of. With Aenima, Tool creates a deep and free-flowing soundscape with each track while maintaining the tightest, most solid sound in rock today. Adam Jones' guitar and Justin Chancellor's bass interact with astounding complexity, and Maynard James Keenan's vocals weave throughout with surprising range, all while Danny Carey's *phenomenal* polyrhythmic beats support every aspect of everything in the song. It's difficult not to believe in fate when realizing that these four people have come together. With this album, nothing is left to chance. Every second of every song is exactly how these brilliant minds intended it to be. It seems perfect. Taking into account how much this band grows musically between each release, I think I may explode after listening to their forthcoming CD.
B00004TDRD|5.0|Based on Peter Benchley's bestselling novel, Jaws centers around the events depicted in Benchley's book where a great white shak terrorizes the beach resort of Amity Island. Its up to local Police Chief Martin Brody, icthyologist Matthew Hooper, and salty shark fisherman Quint to kill the beast. Easily the best shark film ever made, Jaws was a box office blockbuster and placed rightly so on the American Film Institute's 1OO Greatest Movies.<br />In the lead role, Scheider rightly underplays Chief Brody, displaying admirable charisma with a sense of darkness. Richard Dreyfuss brings in much of the film's comedy as a bright but somewhat naive Oceanographic Institute student sent to help deal with the problem. Robert Shaw is simply excellent as Quint, giving off a sense of ruggedness and intimidation. He emits a commanding presence especially during the Indianapolis and courtroom sequences. Lorraine Gary does a fine job as Ellen Brody, and Murray Hamilton portrays stubborn mayor Larry Vaughn just right.<br />Spielberg's direction is excellent, he was snubbed at the 1975 Oscars when he didn't receive a Best Director nomination. The script by Peter Benchley and Carl Gottlieb is occasionally spotty but overall well done. Bill Butler's cinematography is beautiful, it captures the suspense and the terror very well and was suprisingly not nominated at Oscar time. Joe Alves' production design is small-scale but simply brings out the aura of an old-fashioned town like Amity. The soundwork by John Cater and Robert L. Hoyt won the Oscar as well as Verna Fields' sensational editing. I can remember in the documentary in the special edition  saying that the sound crew's boat was sinking once and one of the crew members was yelling to save the equipment.John Williams' music score is one of his best work along with, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, the Star Wars films, and the Indiana Jones films. It brings out the horror and suspense perfectly while displaying beauty and genius.<br />My favorite scene in the entire movie would have to be the night sequence on the boat with Quint's USS Indianapolis speech, the exchanging of the scars and singing, and the gut-wrenching finale with the shark pounding the boat. The end-shot is beautiful, with the boat silohoutte, the water sparkling, and the music and the shooting star. Overall, Jaws is Spielberg's best film and is my second favorite film of all time. Highly recommended.
630575067X|1.0|It's not that I didn't want to like this movie because I really wanted to like it. I spent some extra cash buying a midnight madness ticket to be one of the first in my town to see it. I saw it a few more times hoping I had missed something. I tried to make myself like this movie because afterall it's &quot;Star Wars&quot; but I've given up...<br />I really don't need to mention Jar Jar because everyone knows how horrible of an idea that was. You can compare him to the Ewoks all you want but at least the Ewoks weren't spouting off 90's pop culture references and silly childish jokes. There was something MUCH less annoying with the Ewoks talking in a foreign tongue while we can unfortunately understand everything Jar Jar says. Jar Jar is often used when it feels he should have no part in the scene and his presence is the equivalent of a needle in the retina. This character has spawned a host of Anti-Jar Jar web pages and even a web ring.<br />The characters are pretty lifeless. I didn't find myself caring for them as I did in the original series and I found the character interaction to be pretty bland. The acting was just so cold and without feeling. The liberal use of computer graphics added to this.<br />More specifically, the computer graphics effects were hugely over-the-top and I felt they took away from the movie. It felt like watching a video game in parts because the enviornment was so heavily computer generated (and I could easily tell). This just added to the lifelessness of the movie.  I couldn't believe this was the prequel to the series I had grown up loving.<br />It's always sad when a great idea gets overly modernized and commercialized and this is one of the grimmest examples. (Those of you who saw the original Mr. Bean tv series and then the movie may have an idea of what I mean).<br />I did enjoy the duel at the end with Darth Maul. The anticpation of Kenobi and Maul about to get it on while waiting for the electronic wall to go off was great. Unfortunately I wasn't just looking for eye candy.<br />This isn't just a rush to judgement review on my part but a sad, slow realization of how much better this movie could've been. I'm not ripping on this movie because it may be the popular thing to do, this is genuine.<br />I just hope Lucas does a better job on the next two.
B000050XEI|5.0|I haven't got this cd yet, and not listened to it even, but I knowed it must be the best cd this year. I am a young Chinese man, and lived at the side of Changjiang River. After I listened to the watermark six years ago, I thought that only Enya's voice can substitute the song of Changjiang River and The mountains by this river side.I travled to nature in The memory of Trees, fly in sky in Book of days, dream in Shepherd Moon...I hate some critic came up with Enya's new CD's release everytime, which always said that &quot;Enya didn't change this time.&quot;If Enya changed, that mean ChangJiang is sinlent.I don't know when this CD will been inported in to China, I can't wait to get it.Every fan of Enya, lease contact me at once.E-mail Address:hudsonyoung@netease.com
B0000025DR|5.0|From the freaky opening of &quot;Fire on High&quot;, to the hillbillyish &quot;Down Home Town&quot;, this eclectic blend of tunes is a true masterpiece.  I've been listening to this album since its release in 1975 and I still consider it my favorite from this great band.  &quot;Evil Woman&quot;, &quot;Strange Magic&quot;, and &quot;Nightrider&quot; are the more recognizable hits, but the song that absolutely blows me away is &quot;One Summer Dream&quot;.  This has got to be one of the all-time haunting ballads, and one of the most under-rated songs ever written.  There's only 8 tunes here, but every one is solid.  If you love ELO like I do, this album is a must-buy...enjoy.....
0375404635|4.0|I find this book almost the biography of Sylvia Plath. The protagonist,Esther Greenwood have numerous similarities to Plath. Reading this heart-breaking novel was a totally unforgettable experience. The book began with narration of Esther,19 and trying to write something in the summer in New York,1950. Esther like Plath was going through a difficult phase with life. She expereinced failures and distress and with unstable mind plus a little this and that lead to mental illness which eventually lead to suicide. Plath depicted the whole situation and events so vividly. Only one been through those thoughts and suffering could relate.<br />Plath wrote it with so much empathy and conscientious. She was crying out for help to her mental unstableness and woe she was going through.  Through Esther, she voiced out her feeling, sorrow,emotions and those things going through her mind at that time. Only Plath will know the truth...<br />Since this novel was published a month before her death at 30.Wonder how come no one approach to help her.If at that time she had more love,care and support,maybe there's hope, or maybe not....
6304479697|5.0|If have seen most of the video material of Elvis and this is the most energetic of all of them - with Elvis on the very top. This is Elvis at his best regarding looks, voice and performance on stage.
0897500482|5.0|Beyond being a &quot;Bruce Lee&quot; fan as the co-author of Attack Proof: The Ultimate Guide to Personal Protection, having studied and taught Martial Arts for a number of years. Both in the military and to members of law enforcement such as the NYPD and Yonkers PD, I can tell you that there are an extremely &quot;rare&quot; number of books which I would regard with any measure of credibility. Over the years I've accumulated a sizable number of books on the martial arts I can attest that most books, which attempt to discuss the more philosophical dimensions of the martial arts are worthless at best! The success of this ground breaking book shattered long standing paradigms about the martial arts, martial arts training and the importance of a functional wholistic martial arts system rather than one which narrowly focuses on a single or specific aspect to fighting. In fact much of the success of &quot;Attack Proof&quot; and similar books on fighting could be attributed to the barriers that were shattered with the release of the Tao of Jeet Kune Do. I highly recommend this book for those wishing to begin their journey on the martial way!
B00003CWL6|5.0|Great movie!  Kevin Spacey is awesome!  One thing bothers me though . . . Where are the deleted scenes?  The movie was suppose to start in a courtroom setting.  The movie even had an alternate ending.  Not saying they should have changed such a great movie, but at least include them on the DVD, considering its one of the reasons DVD was created.
B000022TSV|3.0|I think the intention of making this movie was to introduce opera to those who do not really enjoy it.  I like this one because it's not a real opera but a movie, although I tried not to pay too much attention to Julia Migenes-Johnson while I was watching it.  I wouldn't try this one if I was about to die for an opera, I would go with Victoria de Los Angeles/Nicholas Gedda.
B00004RITP|3.0|I find this performance of the Tenth a bit pedestrian.  The first movement is too slow, for one thing.  Of course it must begin slowly, but this interpretation is inflexible as to tempo (much of the first movement should really be more like an Andante con moto).  Overall, the performance is adequate and no more.  I also have a problem with the engineering; for instance at the end of the fifth movement, the horns are hardly audible.<br />Try to get the CD remastering (Sony, 1990) of the early Ormandy performance with the Philadelphia orchestra.  It moves better, has more fire, and suffers not at all from being based on the first version of Cooke's performing &quot;draft&quot;.
B00004XOWM|2.0|Limp Bizkit, did regain some energy on some of their tracks as compared to Significant Other.  I'll give them credit for that.  I'll also give Wes Borland credit for actually using notes, instead of the usual 95% chords on the previous album.  I'll even give the L.B. some credit for catchy, rebellious lyrics. That doesn't cut it.<br />This album doesn't cut it for me for a number of reasons.  Let's start from the beginning:<br />#1.  If Mr. Durst wants to complain about people talking bad about him, he shouldn't release a record.  Learn how to take criticism, people have the right to their opinions without a personal attack.  What gives Mr. Durst the right to complain about everyone else, but not take complaints?  That's not too cool.  You give what you get.<br />#2.  Isn't it obvious that most of these songs are just the same?  Guitar Loops on the verse, hard hitting chords on the chorus.  <br />#3.  Limp Bizkit has changed. They used to store all their energy, as you could see on Three Dollar Bill, Ya'll.  What happened?  <br />I did find something cool about this album.  There is a reference to a Jacksonville city landmark (The Matthews Bridge).  The last Bizkit song that actually stated a Jacksonville landmark was back on &quot;Indigo Flow&quot; on Three Dollar Bill, Ya'll, ever since he's just said Jacksonville, but no landmarks.  John Otto always has some tight drum beats.  I like that.  But overall, Limp Bizkit has fallen off.  I'm Sorry.<br />2 of 5 stars.<br />One Last Note: What's up with the $42 ticket prices?  2 Acts is not worth that much.  I remember seeing Limp Bizkit, Staind, and Kid Rock for $28.  That's a decent price.  Maybe Limp Bizkit is just trying to compensate for the profit-loss from the Napster tour, eh?
0370300432|5.0|Although several of the other reviewers seemed to approach this novel as a &quot;spy&quot; story, I thought that Greene was conducting a rather intense character sketch of one man.  Certain social topics were approached (communism, McCarthyism, apartheid,etc), but they were never discussed outside of the mind of the main character.  This is a very interesting composition on individuality and what that means.  It discusses how individual actions can transcend political and philosophical ideologies.  A very good novel...find a used copy up for auction--its worth it!
B00004Z511|5.0|kid a is a departure from radiohead's old sound, but the band still retains its creativity and originality.  in general, this album is more atmospheric and ambient than the band's previous work.  drum and vocal loops, as well as synthesized instruments, are used heavily throughout.  if you're already a radiohead fan, this album will probably surprise you.  my advice would be to listen to it a few times and let it sink in, after that it will grow on you.  one thing about kid a that i especially like is the way it fits almost any mood.  if you're looking for something energetic, most of the tracks will be very satisfying; if you're in the mood for something somber and hypnotic, you'll also be pleased.
0060923989|4.0|We are a class of seven girls, and we have a female English teacher who has aspirations to become the next Miss Jean Brodie... As we read the book, we began to notice similarities between our teacher, Miss Sinclair, and Miss Brodie herself. Now, we have the distinct feeling that we in effect ARE the Sinclair set, but we don't seem to get to play very much golf... We were divided about the book. Some of us, including myself, found it very good, whereas others found it a bit stupid and unbelievable. One of the books benefits was it's shortness, as it was just the right length to read over, say, a weekend. However, it is doubtful that a teacher would get away with such extreme actions for so long. We all felt that Miss Brodie was portrayed as a victim of her own strong will, and that some of her thinking and teaching was particularly ahead of her time.
B000002VCU|5.0|This CD is without any doubt one of the best of the Alan Parsons Project. Favorites on the CD are &quot;Time&quot;, sung by Eric Woolfson (slow and beautiful)and the title track &quot;Turn of a friendly card (part1 and 2)&quot; sung by Chris Rainbow. Especially the last title has beautiful and rich orchestral arrangements and will let you listen with eyes closed (especially during guitarsolos by Ian Bairnson).  Also note that the the CD has a theme: gaming &amp; gambling.  Turn of a friendly card itself is also one big track including 5 parts or songs. This is a must have for real Alan Parsons fans! If you're not a fan (yet): try it! This CD gives a good impression of what the Project is capable of.
B000000W6F|4.0|have you ever noticed how many pick slides are on this record? Man, i swear, at least 40. That's a few too many for my liking. Nonetheless, this album is the only Pumpkins record i like. The others are complete crap as far as i'm concerned. This was way back before &quot;alternative&quot; became a household word and a mainstream music genre. In other words, this was back when the band cared about music instead of money.
B000002KLQ|5.0|If an album were to be judged its first fifteen seconds, Making Movies would be a dud. The Carousel Waltz fades in, on curlywurly organ, and segues into some worryingly Steinman-esque introductory piano figures, leading the unsuspecting listener to expect an hour of that sort of absurd extravagaza you find on Bat out of Hell. But should you persevere to that sixteenth second you discover that no, it is simply Mr Knopfler indulging in a little pre-gig pantomime; for suddenly, out of nowhere, a freight-train sized, full-band, power-chord poleaxes these aforementioned fancy chords and the band cracks into the urgent, driving groove of Tunnel of Love.<br />Skeptics, of which there are many, hold that the notions &quot;urgent, driving groove&quot; and &quot;Dire Straits&quot; are mutually exclusive. But how wrong they are, and it only takes a little volume on the hi-fi for this to become obvious. Where it wants to, Making Movies  rocks very, very hard: Even Knopfler's rhythm guitar is positively bruising and the lead guitar fills snarl and jag over pacey, tightly miked accompaniment from the rhythm section.<br />But what converts a terrific rock 'n' roll record into an outstanding one is, of all things, the vocals. Yes, vocals. It is true that Mark Knopfler can't sing for toffee, but nor can JJ Cale, Neil Young or Bob Dylan, and it is the same sort of spirit as these three that he conjures, albeit set to a more agressive tempo. This is the hoarse, choked record of a wounded and bruised young man, and it repays constant replaying in a way not many rock'n'roll records can. Should your woman go west, drive round the town with this on in your car and everything will come into perspective. Six months later, you'll still not be tired of it.<br />It isn't relentless rock 'n' roll; perhaps the greatest contemporary piece of National guitar playing features on Romeo &amp; Juliet (and check out the hi fi moment when the piano, acoustics, bass come in after the intro - nnnnnnice!), and it isn't half a bad song either.<br />A couple of minor flaws: firstly the songs are a trifle overlong; this malady of Knopfler's was destined to get worse before it got better, but here it is not enough to deprive this terrific record of the fifth star it deserves; and secondly Les Boys, while an amusing pastiche, is at odds with the rest of the record. But it's an upbeat way to end the record, so why not?<br />Dire Straits never sounded this good again.and it isn't half a bad song either. <br />A couple of minor flaws: firstly the songs are a trifle overlong; this malady of Knopfler's was destined to get worse before it got better, but here it is not enough to deprive this terrific record of the fifth star it deserves; and secondly Les Boys, while an amusing pastiche, is at odds with the rest of the record. But it's an upbeat way to end the record, so why not?<br />Dire Straits never sounded this good again.
B000002MJC|5.0|I am a big fan of Depeche Mode, and i choose this one to be my first... DM review, because i think SOFAD was one hell of a shock for all DM fans when it came out back in 1993. Mode turned their pop-rock beats to get darker and harder, and they did succesfully. This record proves how much of an underrated genius Martin Gore is. Flood helped to make this thing one of alternative's best entries from 1993. Despite the image change, DM were still underneath it all - NIN quote -, and they helped me get into other sorts of music. Depeche Mode have been one of the most influential bands from the 80s, and it's kinda depressing to find them so much despised by the media. I think a lot of bands have to be grateful DM were there with their elctronic-acoustic approach, when no one dared to do so. Songs Of Faith And Devotion has got to be one of the best dark albums ever. Gahan's voice is really amazing in this one, but when Martin Gore steps into the mic to sing One Caress, you'll get so much emotion you will feel like crying.
0553106635|5.0|This guy is a wicked writer.  I got so pumped-up reading it--I couldn't sleep.  Believe it or not it is slightly better than a G of T
B00004YRQA|5.0|This memory card should not be called an accessory because it is an essential.  It will cost you a few extra dollars, but it will allow you to enjoy your games more fully since this device will enable you to go more into depth and get as much as you can out of each game.  You do not have to restrict yourself to just 1 memory card per game since it hold 8 megs of memory (this is a whole lot of memory).  The only games that will take a good chunk of that memory are sports games if you run a simulated season (they generally will take up around 1 to 1 1/2 megs of your memory).  Besides that, if you are not into sports you could save files from a small library of PS2 games onto one card!  Another great aspect is that the card is efficient.  It is very fast, meaning that you will not have to wait long at all in order to load your saved files, save new files, and delete ones that you think you will no longer need.  This is a must have if you have a PS2 because without it, you're missing out on a true gaming experience.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|We all knew that Christina Aguilera could sing from the moment that we heard &quot;Genie in a Bottle&quot;.  But, wow! even this CD surprised me, her #1 fan in the world.  Man can she belt out those tunes like nobody's business.  She has the best, and I'm not joking, the best voice in the music business today.  The way she sings these christmas classics, and some of her own songs, is amazing with the range she uses with her voice.  This Christmas, Angels We Have Heard On High, and Merry Christmas, Baby, are definitely some of my favorites, but with this undeniable talent, it's very difficult to pick the strongest track on here.  Buy this CD today as I assure you that this is the best holiday CD out there, period.
0312857063|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed Goodkinds first foray into the fanatsy genre.  I criticized it for having the story unfold too quickly.  Now I realize there's more to the story that happens with later events.<br />The story was well paced, but I started not wanting to set it down about half-way through.  I won't bother decribing the story because the page for this book has that.<br />The positivies:  It was nice to see Goodkind decide on what kind of character he wanted Zedd to be.  In the Wizard's First Rule, Zedd seemed confused as a character.  He switched too capriciously between being a serious wizard and as comic relief.  On top of that, all the character became more 3 dimensional in the Stone of Tears, whereas they seemed like card-board cutouts in the first one.<br />The negatives:  There are too many elements that mirror Jordan's Wheel of Time series.  The Sisters of the Light (and the Dark) are too much like the Aes Sedai without the infuriating haughtiness that they possess.  The seals being released on the keeper is much like the Dark One being released from Shayol Ghul.  Richard being a child of prophecy is too much like Rand Al'Thor being Taveren.  Obviously if you haven't read any of those books those references won't mean anything to you.  The other negative is that as in the first book, he builds up these horrible situations in the book and through 600+ pages and then everything is resolved all nice and neat in 20 pages at the end.  it sometimes smacks of Deus ex Machina for my tastes, but all in all it's a worthy fanatsy novel and fun to read.
B00003CX8J|5.0|X-Men Mega-Review     BY: JAMES GOULD<br /> While there are many who are quick to point out all the things that director Bryan Singer could have done better, there aren't many people discussing all the things that he did right, or tried to anyway.  The movie's success (54.7 million in its first week) is based on the fact of word of mouth.  If people who saw the movie the Friday it opened, saw it and didn't like it, they wouldn't tell other people about it, or if someone brought the subject up, they would simply say don't see it, it was really bad.  X-Men, however, was a good movie, not only working in comic book heroes to life, but also working in a plot, theme, and the difficult and risky process of working major character backgrounds into the story-line.<br /> Some may say that the success of the movie was only due to the idea of a comic book being brought to life.  This wasn't the case for X-Men, because it involved so much more than just comic book heroes fighting.  The plot to X-Men dealt with many of the original X-Men from the comic book - Cyclops, Storm, Jean-Grey, Rouge, Magneto, Professor X, Mystique, Toad, and Sabretooth.  With this many main characters, it is completely impossible to work in histories of each character for 90 minutes of film.  For those who are avid fans of X-Men a history isn't needed, but Singer needed to address regular average movie-goers with no knowledge of X-Men.  It was a good touch at the beginning to introduce Magneto being separated from his parents in Poland in 1944, and then it went to Rouge kissing a boy - only to send him into a coma.  These two histories were introduced well, along with Wolverine and Professor X's history.  Storm, Cyclops, Jean-Grey, Mystique, and Toad were the only ones that people didn't really know about, but their  histories will probably be discussed in sequels to the movie.<br /> Also dealing with the history of the X-Men was the brand new plot that Singer had to make up, because those who were fansof X-Men before wouldn't have wanted to see the same type of story all over again.  He did a good job with developing Magneto's hatred of humans into a take over plot.  The X-Men obviously try to stop Magneto and then that's where the fight scenes occur which were pretty well done for only a $70 million dollar budget.  Factor in major actors who need major money for their acting, special effects, expensive set designs, costumes, it all adds up leaving very little money to spend on one thing.  So overall the fight scenes weren't as spectacular as I would have liked, but Singer did a good job.  There were about 3 fight scenes in the movie, not as much as I hoped for, but the action was intense enough to keep me at the edge of my seat.  There is the classic one liner that is said by Storm that everyone will remember from this movie.  It is said when Storm explodes the doors of an elevator off with bolts of lightning (Toad had trapped her down there).  She says, \\"You know what happens when a toad gets struck by lightning...the same thing that happens to everything else.\\"  That's when her eyes go white and lightning comes down on Toad and shocks him off of the Statue of Liberty.  Very cool special effects in that scene.<br /> Also lying in the movie was the theme of acceptance that was very wisely put in the movie.  The idea of mutants is that they are outcasts to society that are persecuted by \\"normal\\" humans, because they are the minority.  Tolerance is what people today are trying to accomplish and X-Men personified this action perfectly by showing how mutants are \\"hated\\" members of society.  It was a nice touch that I am glad that Singer included, showing that the movie had heart along with the fighting.<br /> Overall, Singer did an excellent job, and I think that he deserves credit because of all the things that he did do right, instead of scrutinizing him for things that he could have done better.  Face it, to any stuffy, snobby, \\"genius\\" movie critic, no movie isperfect, but even they say that the movie did do a great job of bringing the comic book to life.  What is most important is that the fans of X-Men and non-fans alike enjoyed the movie thoroughly.  I rate this movie a 4  stars out of 5.  You should definitely buy the movie and the DVD because of the chance to take the magic home, and enjoy 10 extra minutes of footage that wasn't included in the movie that was released in movie theaters.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Gladiator is an admirable film not only for its intense, elaborate, and realistic action, but also for its powerful underlying statement regarding human nature.  Although the combat sequences are riveting, Scott deftly delivers a profound message of anti-violence, and exposes the corrupt, barbaric nature that belied the outward civility of the Roman Empire.  This film operates on several different levels, and does so effectively.<br />And anyone who tells you that the story is completely devoid of historical accuracy certainly doesn't know his or her Roman history.  The real Emperor Commodus did, in fact, participate in the games at the Coliseum.  I have always believed that it is better to appear ignorant in silence than to speak and remove all doubt!
B000001FOL|4.0|I love the album. O.K. maybe her voice is a little different, but what's wrong with that? To be honest, I love the way she sings.    She didn't write or play an instrument on this album, but she did both on, I believe, every album thereafter. I don't think this is her best album, but it's definately better than 95% of the music being released today.
B00004XONN|4.0|The boys of Radiohead just may be one of the best things going in Rock at the moment.They continue to surprise and delight with each new release. They do not dissapoint with &quot;KidA&quot;! &quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot; is the perfect expression of dis-association, a theme which is repeated throughout the tracks.This is a compilation of songs that is interesting upon first listen.After several listens,it is more like &quot;brilliant&quot;.
B000051VWW|5.0|Because of the lapse of time between Lovers Rock and Sade's last album, many of her fans have become overly-critical, expecting some kind of otherworldly music from the long-absent chanteuse.  However, were this album Sade's debut, or her second album in two years, her critics would not be so quick to judge.  Lovers Rock demands several listens before the audience can connect; her lyrics are simple and subtle, and ultimately driven only by the delicacy and raw emotion carried in her voice.  What book of songwriting declares that lyrics need to be abstract, obtuse, difficult?  Nat King Cole wrote incredibley simplistic songs; yet, again, the power of his voice carried the words into a realm beyond their initial simplicity. Sade has never found a comfortable place with popular music fans or critics; she has had a handful, at best, of &quot;hits&quot; that are not at all exemplary of her body of work.  This album, which is sheer, introspective, delicate, sensual, and spiritual, shows Sade bringing more politics into her writing while remaining true to her roots: the simple love song.  Although Lovers Rock is smooth and soft, many songs are enhanced by well-placed guitar riffs and off-beats, reminding us that Sade is not from an American school of music, and that she does not sing as current popular standards dictate. Above all, Sade is exotic and erotic, touching and, more now than before, thought-provoking.  Her unique voice and her exquisite technique make for an album that begs for the repeat button.
0553108034|5.0|I won't talk about specifics of this book, because I think you need to get this book and spend a weekend doing nothing else but reading it.  As a longtime fan of fantasy, I have to say that this is one of the most exciting series to come along in years.<br />I needed something to hold me over while waiting for the next Robert Jordan (&quot;Wheel of Time&quot;) book.  I found George R R Martin's &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot; and was hooked.  Now, those two authors are vying for the top spot of my all time favorite fantasy writers.  Tolkien was good and started (for the most part) the genre, Jordan and Martin have taken that genre and &quot;ripped it a new one&quot;!!<br />Jordan just published his 9th &quot;Wheel of Time&quot; book, while Martin is on his 3rd &quot;A Song of Ice and Fire&quot; book.  No two authors have ever made me this hungry for their next installments.  If you are into MMORPGs or just great writing, read these series.<br />These are two of the best authors you will ever have the privilege of reading<br />As a longtime fan of fantasy, I have to say that this is one of the most exciting series to come along in years.
B000051VWW|5.0|What is up with you people who are writing dismal reviews of my girl Sade's latest release Lovers Rock?  As with the rest of her recordings, this one is just as outstanding.  Although this album is slightly different than some of her earlier recordings, it still bears the same SADE sound that so many of her TRUE fans love.  Artist grow and develop over time and each release is an artistic expression--this one is no different. Each song has depth and none of the songs have just been thrown together on a whim as some have suggested.  The band sounds great and they are just as tight as ever.  Sade's voice is still so smooth an oh so soothing--just like it has always been. And for those who stated that they find her lyrics inane--come on.  She didn't have 8 years off just to come back with some crazy weak lyrics.  There is a message behind each song.  It hurts that her so called fans can't see that.  BUY BUY BUY this cd and add it to your SADE collection!
0446677450|3.0|I took this book at face value. That is, I thought it was a primer on how to change your thinking on the subject of investing and the historically (as the author feels) incorrect way most parents push their kids through college to get a degree. After reading it, I felt that it was lacking concrete methods of obtaining real wealth. His example of real estate investment seemed to be too good to be true.<br />All in all, I did rethink the rote speech I was spouting off to my kids and offered them other options for their future. Which as he stresses over and over is heavily shaped by parents.<br />I think it's especially meaningful for people that have been told that they must follow a certain formula in order to be &quot;successful&quot;. School + degree = success, is not the case anymore.
0767809270|3.0|There is nothing worse for a movie buff to watch a movie that's trying too hard to make its point.Such is the case here, even if DENZEL and TOM make it tolerable to watch because they are fine actors.I enjoyed the shots of the city at the beginning and at the end because having spend a week there i am very fond of the city.BRUCE SPRINGSTEEN who was born in NEW JERSEY was a good choice to write the title song.Wait for a late night screening on tv.
0440180295|5.0|It is very rarely that I read a book, even one this short, from cover to cover without pausing.  It really blows my mind that people from TN and high school students did not enjoy this book.
0399146253|4.0|The latest installment in the Scarpetta series offers a bit of a departure from previous books, which is sure to throw off those fans who want to read about an autopsy in every chapter. <br />Scarpetta is much more vulnerable and for much of the book has little or no conrol over anything going on around her. She is trying to solve crimes while at the same time trying to save her reputation and career. Never before has her life been in such an uproar. She is still dealing with the death of Benton too. <br />The first 150 or so pages are VERY different from what we are used to reading. It's pretty strange to see Kay in such a wreck. Once you get used to this however, she becomes much more interesting as you learn that she is not invincible.<br />It does appear that Kay's life and career may take a new direction on the next book, but that is just a guess. If so, I am sure that Scarpetta's Richmond will be relieved that it is no longer crawling with Serial Killers and plagued with more snowy days than any other town south of Canada (Cornwell has it snowing waayyy too often in Richmond).<br />Disappointments? The ending was wrapped up too quickly. On the other hand, she does trick you for a page or so after the climax. I saw an interview with Cornwell around January or February in which she talked about working on an archaeological dig in Jamestown. She led me to believe that Scarpetta would be investigating a centuries-old murder. I believe that early press releases about the book indicate this too. I just got a Crown book catalog in which it says that Scarpetta is investigating an ancient murder in Jamestown, but in the book Scarpetta doesn't ever go tot he dig. I guess that whole storyline was edited out. Hopefully it will be used later on.
B00004Y7SF|1.0|I've been very impressed with Ms. Aguilera's vocal talents since I first heard them on The Mickey Mouse Club years ago, however this CD is ridiculously overdone.  While I am all for artists making song their own, this just seems a way for her and her producers to show off vocal talents while butchering classic Christmas songs.  After listening to the first five tracks in complete disapointment I had hoped Oh Holy Night would be of some quality.  The beginning was lovely.  Using her wondrous voice to accent this songs wonderful writing.  Then ruining this beautifully haunting piece with what seems to be becomming her trademark 5 million unneccesary vocal slides.  Hopefully she will grow out of this need as Mariah Carey has seemed to do since her first three Albums or so.  Bottom line is I would return this CD if the store would let me.
0446677450|5.0|This book will change the way you think about money...for the better! Granted, it should have been proofread once more before print, but don't let that distract you from the content. He has great ideas. It's a great starting point and definately worth the purchase. Especially at the 40% off Amazon is currently offering.
0800141385|5.0|I've seen this movie twice and bought this VHS here from Amazon dot com. Barbra Streisand's performance is unbelievably nice and Omar Sharif is just good for this character.
B00004YW6I|2.0|This album is not only different from its predecessors: it's worse. It is true that PJ Harvey is a musical moving target, but usually the movement is toward more focus and originality, not less. Starting with &quot;To bring you my love&quot;, she has developed a musical style deeply rooted in the best blues and underground rock music, and at same time essential and original. Especially her lyrics are like no one else's. Her stories are abstract, metaphorical, unexpected. She can take you in her imagined world in just a few lines, and write verses of great beauty and immediacy (Check also &quot;Dance hall at louse point&quot;, and &quot;Is this desire?&quot;). All this is inexplicably gone in this new album. The album cover sends a message: what we see is a posh, blase' shopper in Manhattan. PJ has become a *person*, while in her other covers she was a theatrical *persona*; for example in &quot;To bring you my love&quot; she floated like a heroin in pre-raphaelite painting. And the PJ iconography is all about viragos, femme fatales, and post-punk figures. What is really different however is the album content. Gone are the day of allegories and mystic verses. Read the following:<br />One day<br /> I know<br /> We'll find<br /> A place of hope<br /><br />Who wrote it? It could be Patti smith, or maybe Joan Baez. Or, for what matters, even Britney Spears. In the real world, these are the first lines of &quot;A place called home&quot;. In other words, PJ has gone from confessional poet to neo-realist writer, in the brief interval of two years. Not only: she has found a happy love, probably during a guided tour in New York, because nearly every song enumerates the most trite turistic shrines: she walks through Little Italy, lives in Brooklyn and watches the Empire State Building, and so on. All in all, there is not a single image in the songs worth mentioning: it's all platitudes and reporting about a happy love. There's nothing bad about happy love songs, of course. Still, it's usually easier to write about pain and sorrow than love and happiness. PJ Harvey does pain very well, but is phony when singing about happiness. Similarly, the music suffers a lot. Some riffs are decent, but we are nowhere close to the concentration and (sometimes) rage of &quot;To bring you my love&quot; and &quot;Is this desire?&quot;. Just decent college-band rock.<br />There is only one song that stands out, and is &quot;Beautiful Feeling&quot;. It is the simplest (one guitar, two voices, her and Thom Yorke's) and slowest song of the album. It's almost a meditation, with a great beginning:<br />Sometimes I can see for miles<br /> Through water and fire<br /> From England to America<br /> I feel life meet my eyes<br /><br />Without being sad (indeed, it's a happy song), it still manages to be pure PJ. Let's hope for more songs like this in the future.usually easier to write about pain and sorrow than love and happiness. PJ Harvey does pain very well, but is phony when singing about happiness. Similarly, the music suffers a lot. Some riffs are decent, but we are nowhere close to the concentration and (sometimes) rage of &quot;To bring you my love&quot; and &quot;Is this desire?&quot;. Just decent college-band rock.<br />There is only one song that stands out, and is &quot;Beautiful Feeling&quot;. It is the simplest (one guitar, two voices, her and Thom Yorke's) and slowest song of the album. It's almost a meditation, with a great beginning: <br />Sometimes I can see for miles<BR> Through water and fire<BR> From England to America<BR> I feel life meet my eyes<BR><br />Without being sad (indeed, it's a happy song), it still manages to be pure PJ. Let's hope for more songs like this in the future.
B000002J2B|4.0|Many fans are split on Wind &amp; Wuthering: some consider it a classic, many think it a step down after the fantastic &quot;Trick of the Tail,&quot; and many think of it as Genesis attempting in vain to recapture their early Gabriel glory days.  Even the band itself is divided about W&amp;W--while Tony Banks considers it his favorite album of the 1970's, the other three members aren't as crazy about it.  I happen to think it could have been the very best Genesis album.  As is, any fan of the band's better (read: earlier) recordings should enjoy it for its high content of gripping long pieces and occasionally ballsy jazz rock jamming. <br />There are, however, two very large problems with Wind &amp; Wutheing; the production, and the song selection.  The production of any Genesis album before 1981 is suspect, but nowhere more so than in the ones recorded abroad between 1976 (W&amp;W) and 1980 (Duke).  The three albums recorded during this time contain production ranging from tinny to outright horrendous, made even worse by the remastering.  To listen to the W&amp;W remaster, one wonders if Mike Rutherford even picked up a bass guitar during the making of it.  <br />As for the songs themselves, W&amp;W begins and ends quite well, and only falters somewhat in the middle.  Eleventh Earl of Mar is one of the classic first-track Genesis songs with a fast, rocking pace, some nice Hackett guitar, a great acoustic interlude, and a story indcluded.  The quality actually then goes up with One For the Vine, probably Tony Banks' greatest solo accomplishment with the band--drama abounds, as we are treated to a few lovely theme statements and some more great jamming.  <br />Here's where the problems start.  Your Own Special Way is a very nice pop song, but it could have been done a lot better here with a different arrangement.  Even the band has said that the song never quite worked on the record...the live recordings are so much better, I never even listen to the original anymore.  Then, we come to Wot Gorilla?.  I know it's only 3 minutes, but it thoroughly interupts the flow of the album and never should have been on it at all.  The band had so many other GOOD songs to fill this spot, including 'Pigeons,' 'Inside and Out,' (which both turned up later on the EP Spot the Pigeon), and the Steve Hackett classic 'Please Don't Touch,' which of course turned up on one of Steve's solo albums.  One of these songs would have been perfect to replace both Wot Gorilla? and the weak All in a Mouse's Night, which leads off the second side of the record.  <br />Everything else here, however, is absolute gold.  At least the band had the sense to include one Steve Hackett song, the fantastic Blood on the Rooftops.  I personally like to think of the last four tracks, Blood on the Rooftops, Unquiet Slumbers for the Sleepers..., ...In That Quiet Earth, and Afterglow as the Autumnal Suite because of the beautiful themes reminiscent of Autumn throughout.  Unquiet Slumbers... starts with soft acoustic guitars and keyboards, goes right into the raucous jam '...In That Quiet Earth,' and ends with another gorgeous Tony Banks classic, Afterglow.  <br />All together, a very enjoyable album which should really still be regarded as a classic Genesis album, even though it could have been much better.
B00004TH6O|4.0|I can't remember the last time I've heard an album like this. It's just rock that rocks, just people having a good time and not taking themselves too seriously, this is very apparent on songs like Quick and To The Pointless.  This album rocks in a unique way with great songs like In the Fade, Better Living Through Chemistry, Auto-Pilot and Lost Art of Keeping A Secret. This will definately be worth your money if you want straigt up rock, especially since most places seem to have it for under $10.
B00003CXE7|5.0|In Gladiator, Commodus says he will show the people a vision of Rome - and that is exactly what this film gives us, a vision.  Do not watch this film (or any other Roman epic, for that matter) expecting historical accuracy, watch it for the vision of Rome, which is the best that we have yet witnessed, from the bustling city streets to the torn up forests of Germania.  At the film's core, of course, are the massive spectacles of the Collosseum, which are captured quite faithfully.  There is a wonderful deleted scene on the DVD where Maximus witnesses Christians being fed to the lions between gladiator contests.  This scene shows the horror and depravity of the Roman mob through the eyes of an innocent child, clutching his mother on the sandy floor of the arena.<br />In addition to grand spectacle, this is probably the best DVD I have ever purchased with regard to technical detail.  The deleted scenes and documentaries are a very novel touch.  Some films have a few deleted scenes, but 25 minutes' worth!?!  <br />If you have a DTS setup for your home theater, BUY THIS DVD.  I watched it with my parents at their home over Thanksgiving and had major reservations about the big screen spectacle's translation onto video, and then I got home and popped it in my DTS system.  I cannot begin to explain the awe - the sound editing on this movie should win an Oscar.  If it weren't R rated, every high-end home theater store would be showing this film to show of DVD and DTS capability.
0689504764|4.0|Michael Rosen's &quot;We're Going On A Bear Hunt&quot; is a cute tale suitable for any beginning reader or elementary level class.  It has a repetitive and rhythmic verse.  The story is a light-hearted adventure, with a fun twist at the conclusion for childrens enjoyment.  The illustrations suited the text well, as they were not eccentric but not dull. I used the book for a lesson on sequencing for a first grade class.  It can also be used to foster reading skills because of it's textual predictability and repetition.  Overall, a helpful tool for fun activities and learning in the classroom.
0446677450|5.0|I thought the book was excellent in content. The author does tend to repeat concepts throughout the book. But from the standpoint of an educator, one of the most important points to remember in teaching is to repeat , repeat, repeat!  So, bravo for that!  He did say that he was on a mission to teach/educate: even going so far as to develop games for young and old to be able to grasp such difficult concepts.  So, I for one commend him for his efforts!
0140185232|5.0|&quot;The Razor's Edge&quot; in my personal estimation is one of the greatest books of fiction ever written. For those of you who are unfamiliar with the novel, which was originally published in 1944, the story is set between WWI and WWII and follows a young American Maugham calls Larry Darrell as he embarks on a spiritual journey in search of God and the Absolute. High in the mountains of India, after meeting a venerated Maharshi, he experiences Enlightenment.  I sought out and re-read the book after first coming across an excellent review of it on the net written by a professor of English Literature from the College of San Mateo (California) and following a link that discussed who Larry Darrell was in &quot;real life&quot; and what happened to him post-novel.  &quot;The Razor's Edge&quot; is an absolute must read!
B0000028RR|5.0|This debut was awesome.  Rage Against The Machine is the pioneer of all the rap-metal bands out their.  They can drive a hook while staying hardcore and politically correct.  If your tired of all the bands playing on all the Top 40 radio stations and you want to listen to something good, cop this album.  I also reccomend Evil Empire, The Battle Of Los Angeles, Renegades, and Live And Rare, yes that's all their albums.  Cop them all now.  Every single track is good.  If you like early Limp Bizkit, Korn, early Godsmack, or any hardcore metal band that can drive a hook while still sounding hardcore, then definately buy all the Rage Against The Machine.  Even if you like other metal, or any kind of music, buy all of Rage Against The Machine's albums.  No matter what kind of music you like, buy all of their albums, you definately won't regret it, their worth the money.
B000002UCN|4.0|With the passing of George Harrison, he's now overdue for an anthology of his best material (along with rarities like Tears of the World and the b sides Deep Blue &amp; Miss O'Dell). Reportedly George was working on both a new album, reissuing his back catalog with bonus tracks and a possible anthology. Let's hope all of these come to pass.<br />This is a cliff notes version of Harrison's career which short changes the listenered by focusing too much on Harrison's Beatles material. Yes, that material is, for the most part, stunning but most fans already have this stuff (with better sound quality I might add). For me the ideal Harrison compilation would focus both on his solo album tracks, singles and b sides. Here's how it should be reissued:<br />My Sweet Lord; Beware of Darkness; Here Comes The Sun (with Paul Simon); Something  ( from The Concert for Bangela Desh) Bangela Desh;Deep Blue; Miss O'Dell; Give Me Love, Give Me Life (Give Me Peace on Earth); Sue Me, Sue You Blues; Hari's On Tour; You; It Don't Come Easy (Demo recorded for Ringo); Beautiful Girl (Demo); World Of Stone; What Is Life?; Run of the Mill; All Things Must Pass; You And Me Babe (Demo).<br />And how about retitling it The George Harrison Anthology? If Beatles material must be included it should be rare live tracks.Sadly, George is gone but his spirit will continue on and his music will, hopefully, continue to as well.
B00004XQP4|5.0|Green Day is one of my favorite bands of all time.  This is punk at it's best.  They did grow up a little bit, but they kept the same punk angst sound to them.  The best songs are tracks 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11, and 12.  Yes, that is all of them.  Buy this if you punk bands like Blink 182 or Lit.  You should also buy 1039 Smoothed Out Slappy Hours, Kerplunk, Dookie, Insomniac, and Nimrod.  Yes, that is all of Green Day's albums.  Buy them all because they are all worth buying.  Trust me,they are all worth you're money.
B00004XONN|5.0|Why on Earth would I be reviewer #996 if I wasn't absolutely passionate about this album?  I consider myself a pretty mainstream music lover, I like all kinds of music from bands ranging from Neil Young to Collective Soul, James Brown to the Cure.  Before I bought this album and I listened to some of the songs, it seemed too weird for me.  After reading all the hype about how it's &quot;The first album of 2000 to sound like the future&quot; and so forth, I had to experience &quot;Kid A&quot; myself.  It is the most unique, amazing album you can buy today.  It is very difficult to describe.  Radiohead captures so many emotions when I listen to their songs-- I feel sadness in &quot;Kid A&quot;, haunted in &quot;Optimistic&quot;, and an absolute rush in &quot;Everything in it's Right Place&quot;.  I want to listen to this album over and over because each time I do so, I hear or feel something new that I wasn't aware of before.  Don't expect this to be your favorite album after just a listen or two.  As I say, I wasn't even going to get it when I scanned the tracks the first time.  It truly is music for the ages.
B000001IPL|5.0|This is The Offspring before all the teenage Backstreet Boy fans bought them because of Pretty Fly.  This is a sweet album.  All the tracks have their own punk sound to them.  The Offspring haven't changed from their debutin 1989 to Conspiracy of One, so buy all of The Offspring's albums.  They're worth the money.  If you like bands like Green Day, Blink 182, or Lit, you'll love this.  Also, this album has really deep lyrics.  Buy The Offspring, Ignition, Smash(this one), Ixnay On The Hombre, Amricana, and Conspiracy Of One.  That's all of their albums.  Every single song The Offspring has ever done is awesome.  All of their songs are punk songs with really deep lyrics.  Buy allof their albums.
B000051VWW|3.0|I am a huge Sade fan which is why I bought this CD w/ no hesitation. I thought that she was true to her mellow soulful sounds and meaningful lyrics but this CD lacked a little something to give it that true Sade legendary flava. I found myself asking, &quot;All these years for this?&quot; It's a great bubble bath CD and worth buying if you're an avid fan, but not a Sade classic. It's anti-climactic and I was a little disappointed.
B00003CX95|4.0|The first time I saw this movie, I was ecstatic.  The second time, it was entertaining.  The third time, it was merely a good film (this might have been partly because I had just seen Gladiator, but that debate belongs elsewhere).  As an epic, it tends to drag on a bit.  The story is passable, but not as moving or historically accurate as some seem to think.  Mel Gibson does a good job, especially his rousing speech to his army at Stirling (the only truly moving part of the movie).<br />But the battles rule.<br />Starting with a hostile takeover of an English fort and moving on to the insane onrush of two armies simply charging full speed at each other, the battles are possibly some of the most brutally entertaining and involving ever created.  They justify the movie's shortcomings and then some.  The battle of Stirling is the largest of its kind ever filmed.  It stirs the blood to say the least.<br />I wouldn't recommend buying this movie, but I would recommend seeing it at least once if you can get over some rather ugly stuff (like the brutal final torture scene).
B000051VWW|3.0|I am a huge Sade fan which is why I bought this CD w/ no hesitation. I thought that she was true to her mellow soulful sounds and meaningful lyrics but this CD lacked a little something to give it that true Sade legendary flava. I found myself asking, &quot;All these years for this?&quot; It's a great bubble bath CD and worth buying if you're an avid fan, but not a Sade classic. It's anti-climactic and I was a little disappointed.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This CD is the best I've bought all year.  It is better than the Slim Shady LP by a long shot.  Almost every song on this CD is awesome.  If you buy this CD, you'll be making a good move buying this 5 star CD!
0553106635|5.0|Ever since I picked up A Game of Thrones on a whim and read the first few pages, I knew the book was a winner.  Two books later and I'm convinced I've been reading one of the best fantasy stories ever told.  Start with Tolkien, then Eddings, then Jordan---but end with Martin,the pinnacle of success in the fantasy world.<br />People who can't wait for the next book are fools, I hope this series never ends.  I'm sad when I close the final cover and realize there's no more to read.  I still have the knowledge that another book is coming out and when it does it will be a happy, happy time.  Any true fan of fantasy should feel lucky that George R. R. Martin decided to pick up his pen and create this amazing epic.
B00004X01U|5.0|She just keeps coming up with different music in every cd she does, this one is a winner.  Though I have to be honest it took some time getting used to, but now I play it every day!  &quot;Impressive Instant&quot; is incredible, the sound reminds me alot of George Clinton would do and the great ballad &quot;don't&quot;.  Her vocals in strong form.  You won't regret getting this one, she is still the master when it comes to new music.  Brava Madonna!
B00004SCX6|1.0|I'm confused.  Why does she sound like she's singing into a bottle in every other song.  If that's what's new and fashionable, then I think popular music is in big trouble.  I don't think I like Britney all grown up.  I prefer she hits me baby one more time!  She won't last if she keps this up.
B000007XUQ|5.0|This recording surpasses almost any other Christmas selection. It is absolutely flawless, with the perfect balance of secular and sacred, vocals and instrumentals. I highly recommend this CD to enhance anyone's Christmas spirit! Standout tracks include the impossible-to-top &quot;Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas&quot;, the beautiful &quot;Ave Maria&quot; and the heartwarming tracks &quot;Home for the Holidays&quot; and &quot;I'll Be Home for Christmas&quot;. Karen's voice was never better (and that's saying a lot) and in short, this is an album to cherish every year!
B000001FS6|3.0|Rattle and Hum, as much as any other U2 album, can hold its head proudly in the band's awesome catalogue. It was certainly their most experimental (at the time) but, with a few exceptions, its good music again from the world's best band.<br />The live version of Bullet the Blue Sky is stunning - the Joshua Tree version sounds half-hearted in comparison. Pride (In The Name Of Love) is also improved. The version of I Still Haven't Found, featuring black American gospel singers, is terrible.....but hey, you win some, you lose some!<br />All I Want Is You is obviously the best of the new stuff, but God Part 2 and Heartland are also favourites of mine. <br />There is an album's worth of great, U2 music on this CD.....it's just a matter of uncovering it from the junk.
0060245867|4.0|This is a wonderful book that children will love, and parents will love to read to them. Fun, playful artwork, and a very nice tale...I would recommend all of their books.
6305603847|5.0|This is truly the best DVD I've bought. its too bad there are no more PinkFloyd DVDs. this dvd also includes intervies and also HEY YOU which is not in original video.<br />I say just get it!
1928733018|5.0|Model's Bootcamp is a great video that tells potential models exactly what they need to know to begin their career.  As the Agency Director of Look Model Management, I recommend it to all of my new models.  You will learn the different types of modeling, how to begin marketing yourself, and what scams there are out there and how to avoid them.  The video also shows you the basics to a good headshot, a must for beginners. If you are not sure what type of modeling you would fit into, the video will help you find out.  It has clear, concise information that everyone considering becoming a model needs to know. If you ever thought about becoming a model, this video is a must have!
0446310786|5.0|In the late 1930s, the quiet town of Maycomb, Alabama awakens to a divisive trial that reveals fierce intolerance and tests the strength of a family.  The novel's narrator is Scout, an earnest young tomboy and daughter of the town lawyer, who documents her childhood and how it has been irrevocably shaped by a court case her father was assigned one summer. Beyond the court case, however, we find several sub-plots that help shape the characters into who they are by the end of the story.  One of those sub-plots being, Scout and her brother Jem's continued interest in their neighbor Boo(Arthur) Radley.  Boo Radley was not just a neighbor to Scout and Jem, he was an enduring fascination, an unsolved mystery, and a hero. By examining the relationships between the children, Boo and the other characters, one gets a glimpse of life in a small southern town, with all of its intricacies.
B00004XONN|5.0|What more can be said that hasn't been said already. This is an amazing album. But be warned, it's not a CD to put in your car and drive to. It's more of a headphones album. Lie down, close your eyes, and let the music control your brain. The Kid A experience is quite a trip.
B000050XEI|3.0|OK, so after a few listens it's real nice (altho no standout tunes present themselves quite yet). But 34 minutes long? Twenty years ago, a 34 minute LP would've been considered short, but tolerable for $5.99. But in this day and age (and price), there is no excuse for such short-sheeting. Given the style of music involved, what would've been wrong with extending some or all of the songs for an extra 3 minutes each, with extended instrumentals? As it stands, this CD smacks of a quick holiday release to rake in the bucks from unsuspecting slobs like me and thee. Plan on programming it to play twice.
B00000JG41|5.0|This is just awesome. Wheter lounge, bossa-nova, jazz, polka, industrial or whatever, this is truly a MIRACLE. There is not one bad song on this record, even though you have to listen to it over and over to get it. If you're going to die in one hour, the last thing you should do is listen to California. It's worth every damn 45 minutes. I don't know if you could call it pop, but what does it matter. Fave tracks: All, but if I have to pick: Retrovertigo, Ars Moriendi and Pink Cigarette. Just great. Might as well throw all my other CDs away.
0679879269|4.0|I really enjoyed the first two books, and liked part of the third, but I was disappointed that The Amber Spyglass fails to fill the symmetry set up by the other books.  They create the clear expectation that the amber spyglass and its bearer will join the other sacred objects and bearers in an equal balance of power to bring an end to the evils going on in the world.  But the spyglass enters the book late, and does not seem to have any effect whatsoever on the plot.  Dr. Malone, rather than filling the final space in the structure of power, does almost nothing of any significance.  Her actions, it seems, have very little effect in the end.  I think that this book got off to a good start, but did not go as far as it should have.  I really liked the final role of Coulter and Asriel, and the fact that the final death of The Authority had no effect whatsoever.
0446677450|5.0|This book, although long-winded and at times rambling, challenges you to look at everything you have learned about finance and accounting in a different way.  Assets are sometimes liabilities in this book.  It is a very interesting approach to building wealth.  Eventhough it may not seem so at first, it is actually makes a lot of sense.<br />If you can handle the writing style (which I had problems with in the first half of the book) and stick with it, it is a great book to get you started on the road to building real wealth.
B00000DR5I|5.0|If you've never heard any early electronic-ambient TD, buy this CD. This sequenced cosmic masterpiece is the only recording I've ever owned in LP, cassette,and CD formats--wearing out each one (except the CD) with successive listenings. Although somewhat short at 35 minutes, Rubycon is nonetheless guaranteed to send your senses soaring to other worlds.  Mere words cannot give adequate justice to its moody intensity, startling one moment and relaxing the next. A friend of mine once claimed he &quot;saw God&quot; listening to Rubycon on his Walkman as he camped in the Utah desert. Multiple listenings to this layered sequencer symphony and you might agree.  TD's best, by far.
0385474547|5.0|Achebe's Things Fall Apart is nothing short of brilliant.  This is the best book that I've read in a long time.  The story is simple, yet powerful.  As a college literature professor, this book will become a staple on my syllabus.  Things Fall Apart accomplishes what all great literature does: it teaches us and moves us.  That's all we can ask for.
014028009X|5.0|This has to be one of the most entertaining books on the market today!  The diary format could have been difficult to carry off, but the author uses it to excellent advantage.  Bridget Jones takes the reader where so many 30-something females have gone before, to the insecurities and anxieties of the single friend/daughter/lover.  She fights the battles of weight gain, smoking, and a penchant for lottery tickets, along with well-meaning friends and relatives who just cannot accept her single status. Readers from all age groups will find this one of the most hysterically funny reads of the year.
6303109950|5.0|Of all the portrayals over the years that Hollywood has done of the man who was Wyatt Earp, Kurt Russell has really captured the essence of &quot;The Man&quot;.  He shows Wyatt as not only someone who was a larger than life, lawman, but a man who was caught up in circumstance, a man with hopes, frustrations - lusts, even fears just like the rest of us. The performance was in my opinion, one of the finest that Kurt Russell has ever done.  Val Kilmer as Doc Holiday was outstanding.  He was, interestingly enough, the first actor to bother to portray Holiday as a man with a Southern accent.  Sam Elliot and Bill Paxton were also outstanding in their roles and overall this film, though not 100% historically accurate, did a fine job.  It is one of my top five favorite films.
0783222955|5.0|This is without a doubt my favorite movie, even though it was made long before my time.  We read the book and then watched the movie in my high school English class.  I fell in love with it.  It is so wholesome and refreshing compared to the movies made now.  This is definitely a movie for the whole family.  I would also highly recommend the book.
B00004XOWM|5.0|Hey yo! Don't listen to that other guy. Limp Bizkit's new cd, Chocolate Starfish and the Hotdog Flavored Water, is their best yet. It is so worth your money, don't waste it on other stuff. And listen to the whole thing, no skipping tracks, it'll get better the more you listen to it. So buy it and don't listen to the scepticts, they are soooo wrong! Limp Bizkit Rocks!!!
B00004XOWM|2.0|we're set up for another musical apocalypse on the scale of the &quot;Seattle Invasion&quot;. Radio consists of purely unoriginal, many would say boring, personality-driven rock. The only thing Fred Durst has going for him is his charisma, and nearly every act out there, whether they have talent or not, are trading more on their looks and photogenics than their actual musical ability. The world is ripe for another revolution, and acts like Blink, Pink, Destiny's Child, and Limp Bizkit are going to be first on the chopping block. The worst part about it is that many of the acts I've named have some talent (are you listening, Blink?) but are putting too much stock in their teenybopper fans to be saved when the guillotine comes down. <br />The preceding is an attempt at telling the future, and the author will be happy to eat his words on the day, but not before, that Limp Bizkit is inducted into the Rock-and-Roll Hall of Fame rather than ending up on the scrap heap next to Poison and Slaughter-remember them? They used to be HUGE. Right before Nevermind taught the last generation what good music was.
B00003CXE7|5.0|Just to set the record straight, since more than a couple of people here have claimed otherwise---A Roman Emperor (I believe it was either Caligula or Nero) did fight at least once in the Colossuem.  Check the history books.  I'm sure it was staged so that the Emperor was ensured of survival....But hey, it happened.
B0000042MY|5.0|I absolutely love this soundtrack! I read alot and study often.  I can listen to this soundtrack and not be distracted by the beautiful music.  Guys I date even love this soundtrack and say so before I do too! It is great for a romantic evening with your significant other or for a night of cuddling up in front of a toasty fire with a good book.  I can't praise this enough.  It beats Titanic, Braveheart and all the other similar soundtracks. Jones and Edelman are not masters, but the CD is one of the best soundtracks I've heard in my lifetime.
B00004XONN|5.0|The most adventurous band out there. This disc is a must for anyone bored by the bloated, corporate, radio-friendly garbage being churned out by most other artists today. Disturbing, desperate, close, and sweeping at the same time. Break out the headphones and crank it up! You won't be disappointed.
0140120416|5.0|I've compared dozens of books about learning Russian from scratch, and this one is the best.  There are advanced grammar texts out there which have more information, but they aren't geared toward beginners.  The beauty of this book is that if you know absolutely nothing about Russian, you can start at the beginning and work your way through each lesson in the order presented, and by the time you're done, you will have a solid understanding of Russian grammar.  Not only that, but you'll have a vocabulary of some of the most useful words in the Russian language.<br />When I first started studying Russian, I had no teachers or classes or cassette tapes to help me.  My eighth grade math teacher gave me a copy of the original version of The Penguin Russian Course, which was compiled by J.L.I. Fennell and published in 1961.  The methodology was logical and straightforward with no spoonfeeding or watered-down grammar lessons accompanied by cutesy cartoon pictures.  In each lesson, you would first memorize a list of new vocabulary words.  Then you would study several concise grammar principles which were clearly explained.  Third, you would examine a brief Russian text which incorporated the new vocabulary and applied the new grammar principles which you had just learned in the lesson.  Finally, you would translate an English text into Russian to test yourself on the new vocabulary and grammar.  At the end of the book was a key which showed the correct translation of the English text into Russian, so you could check yourself.<br />This new version of the Penguin Russian Course is not as concise and straightforward as the first version, but it's actually better.  Nicholas J. Brown has incorporated the original structure of J.L.I. Fennell's version enough that the effectiveness of the lessons is preserved, but Mr. Brown has added much more in this modern version.  He has provided numerous additional Russian texts and conversations so that you can see how the vocabulary is used in context.  And in this new version, the answer keys at the back of the book show the Russian-English translation as well as the English-Russian translation of the exercises.<br />The best part of this book is the translation exercises at the end of each lesson and their corresponding answer keys at the back of the book.  Translation is probably the best way to test whether or not you really understand the grammar and vocabulary taught in the lessons, and this book gives you plenty of opportunities to test yourself in this manner.<br />Another advantage of this book is that it's small enough to carry anywhere, unlike those bulky Russian 101 textbooks used in college classes which use a slow, watered-down, almost infantile approach to teaching the language.<br />If you want to learn Russian, buy this book and work through the lessons.  The only major drawback is that you'll never really learn proper pronunciation without listening to native Russians speak the language, and this book doesn't have tapes to accompany it.  Other than that, however, you won't find a better book for beginners who want to learn Russian.
0312243022|5.0|What can I add to all the accolades heaped on Michael Cunningham that isn't already said? Except to affirm that this book worked its magic on me in surprising ways and makes me believe that, in spite of all the pulp that calls itself &quot;literature&quot; in these days of mass market paperbacks...., it is still possible to a produce a book of remarkable quality such as this one. I haven't read any of Virginia Woolf's works and the subject matter of this book is not exactly the most accessible. Yet Cunningham has put together a novel that cleverly weaves the past with the present, fiction with fact, in language that is so singularly eloquent it is hard to imagine how anyone can improve on this work of art. What surprised me most is that, although neither a mystery nor a thriller, &quot;The Hours&quot; kept me turning the pages and I can attribute that only to Cunningham's consummate skills. This is one book I'll gladly re-read.
B000051VWW|2.0|Like most Sade fans I could not wait to get my copy of Lovers Rock. Unfortunately, after spending a week trying to get into the new CD its not done it for me.  There isn't enough strong songs on this set to really grab your attention. I even played Diamond Life and Love Deluxe again, and they are far superior albums, and still sound fresh and up-lifting even now.  I look forward to hearing the next classic Sade album, whenever that may be.
B000053VAF|5.0|Any true Kevin Smith fan will recognize this as his funniest and best made film to date. The storyline is well thought out and flows at a hilarious pace. Affleck and Damon are great in their roles of Bartleby and Loki. The strong storyline for Jay and Silent Bob is perfect for this film. As long as you can view this film as just a story and not a slander of religous dogma,which was not it's intention, you will love it!
B000002VC5|4.0|This was actually Parsons' second release, following his unique and wonderful &quot;Tales of Mystery and Imagination&quot;, but the first to appeal to the mainstream.  Of all his creations, this one probably resembles &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; the most.  The instrumentals are masterful (beautifully enhanced by Andrew Powell and the Philharmonia Chorus), with the title track providing the model for many future gems and the ending two tracks (&quot;Total Eclipse&quot; and &quot;Genesis&quot;), providing a riveting plunge into despair and escape to joy.  The songs are solid, with the touching &quot;Day After Day&quot; and the eerie &quot;Some Other Place&quot; being the standouts.  On the downside, &quot;The Voice&quot; evokes a drug-fogged visit to a disco, something sorely out of place on this otherwise masterful creation.  (I would actually give this four and a half stars, if possible.)
0060977493|4.0|If you're brain dead, don't read this book - you won't comprehend its subtle beauty.  If you find &quot;Must see TV&quot; enthralling, you won't understand the power of this book.  This book requires the reader to use both sides of the brain - if you can't do that, you're lost.  You might as well go back to laughing at &quot;Just Shoot Me&quot; or is &quot;Smackdown&quot; more your style?
B00004XONN|4.0|I've never been a big Radiohead fan, and just the thought of people dubbing them one of the greatest modern bands around made my stomach turn. I was sick to death of hearing Karma Police on the radio, and none of their acclaimed albums really impressed me.<br />Until I heard Kid A.<br />I found myself pulled in  by the ethereal sound created by creative vocal dubs, and the fact that I couldn't understand all of the lyrics the first time I listened to it really intruiged me. After listening to Kid A again, I found that some of the lyrics were worth the trouble of deciphering. <br />My favorites were probably from Everything in its Right Place and Idioteque, because they worked with the music to convey emotion rather than flat out stating it. Idioteque had a lingering sense of urgency without a distinct reason, and the lyrics like &quot;women and children first&quot;, &quot;take the money and run&quot; made simple phrases more than just that.<br />Radiohead explores a more electronic sound on this album, and although it might not spawn a hit as popular as Karma Police or Creep, the cohesiveness of the album as a whole might win them new respect and new fans. However, there are a couple of marketable tracks on the album, such as Optimistic, which is a more traditional rock tune, and Idioteque, which explores electronica/techno. <br />The only problem I had with this album is its lack of accessibility. This is what I think keeps it from joining classic greats like American Beauty, the White Album, Nevermind and other albums that will forever be part of rock history.  Even though Kid A is not an album everyone can relate to, it definitely should be a part of a good music collection.
B00003CXE6|4.0|Gladiator deserves 4 stars because I'm a big action guy and This is a great movie for people who like action movies. Maximus(Russell Crowe) is an Roman General who is a great fighter and leader but is very anxious to get back to his family. The Ceasar of Rome is Marcus Arillies is tired of fighting battles and sheding too much blood. He want's Maximus to be ceasar than his son Commidus because Maximus would put a stop to the blood shed. Commidus would do the same thing his father did. So Commidus kills his father and takes Rome into his own hands. He tries to kill Maximus and his family. Then Maximus becomes a slave and a Gladiator in the collosium. Russell Crowe was the part for Maximus. He fights Giants to Tigers! This is a very great action-packed film.
068484267X|4.0|The name Frank McCourt might not mean to much for some people.  If he were to be seen on the street, no one would think of him any differently then the rest of the people in the world, but Frank is different.  Frank went through many hardship during the younger portion of his life and is shared in the book Angela's Ashes.  It a very compelling book and the 364 pages seem to disappear.  Even though this book was pubished recently in 1996, it has earned many awards, even a pultizer prize.  Recently a movie was made from this story by means of getting the consent of the publisher company, Simon &amp; Schuster, and the consent of Frank McCourt himself.  Frank McCourt is not only the author of this book, but he is also one of the main individuals in the book.  Angela's Ashes tells of Frank's life in Limerick, Ireland after leaving the United States at the age of four.  Frank, his parents, a brother, Malachy, and a set of twins requested their grandmother to send them the fare money to go over to Limerick after the recent loss of Frank's sister, Margaret, sent his mother into a deep depression.  Frank's grandmother wasn't pleased to send the money, but figured that she should at least help her daughter out.  Due to the fact that their grandmother gave them the money, they could never forget that because she would remind them often and they knew that they were forever in her debt.  The quote, \\" When I look back on my childhood I wonder how I survived at all.\\" Seems to be the main thought that sticks in the readers mind.  Frank and his family were at such a poverty level that is heartbreaking.  There was never enough food on the table to eat.  The clothes they wore were so raggedy that most of their skin was showing.  The living conditions were harsh.  In the winter, they would have to live upstairs, also known as Italy, because their first floor, Ireland, was under a winter flood.  All these things could have been improved if Frank's dad, Malachy, would bring home the wages he made instead of  drinking them away.  This was easy said then done because of  the fact that his father was an alcoholic and it was hard for him to pass up an opportunity to drink. Frank's main dream through this whole book was to get to America one day.  He wanted to get away from all the suffering and pain he has witnessed and felt in Limerick.  Frank had dealt with death a lot in this book.  He was there when three of his siblings died due to lack of proper nutrition, shelter, and clothes.  Frank himself was hospitalized many times due to the fact that he lived in an unsanitary home and didn't have the proper nutition.  He didn't mind the times in which he was hospitalized because he got decent food, bedding, shelter, and he got to read books.  Frank's main plan was not to be like his father.  His father's alcoholism not only affected his father, but it affected his whole family.  He could see the pain in his mother's eyes.  Frank could see how tough if was for his mom, Angela, to go to the St. Vincent de Paul Society, which gives some aid to the poor families.  He could see how Angela's pride had suffered and for this reason, Frank knew that he wanted to do something better  and to help out his family.  Frank went to work at the post office.  The money he made, he gave some to his mom to help out the family since his dad didn't bring home any, and the rest of the money he put away to save up for his trip to America.    The book was very interesting and keeps the readers attention.  The one downfall is that the dialog in the book was never in quotations.  It was hard to follow sometimes and paragraphs had to be read over again to figure out who is saying what.  The title itself, Angela's Ashes, also seems a little confusing.  Frank's mom's name was Angela, but with the word `ashes' the thought of death comes to mind for Angela and that doesn't occur in this book.  Maybe `ashes' has a different meaning.  Maybe it meant that Angela was all burnt out and all that was left of her was ashes.  If that was the meaning behind the title, then it suits the book.   The book makes the reader reflect on their own life.  There are many things that individuals can do to help out in the world.  This poverty level was back in the 1920's or so, but that doesn't mean that it doesn't go on now today.  The reader feels compelled to do something to help, but realizes that they, themselves, can't do it all.  The book shows us that every little bit helps.  Even the smallest little bit of giving goes a long way and is remembered for a lifetime.
B000000OAA|3.0|This might be called Queen's first real rock album.  Queen and Queen 2 had some medieval and even religious overtones.  Heart Attack has some real gems like Killer Queen and Now I'm Here.  It wouldn't be Queen without some real oddball songs like Leroy Brown.  Still a good album and Queen was always good for stretching themselves musically and not staying in a certain category.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Many people call slipknot sellouts; that's because they are so popular now. But how can such a good band stay unnoticed forever? This cd is very good.  For a 1st cd, (&quot;Mate, Feed, Kill, Repeat&quot; doesn't count) Slipknot's self-titled albumn sounds like they have been around for a long time and they are very deserving of their rank as one of the most popular metal bands of '99....at the Tattoo the Earth tour they even played last after such bands as sevendust, sepultura, and slayer.  Even though all the teenie bopper fakes out there want to SAY they like slipknot, slipknot is still awesome.  This cd is a good example of what well-thought out lyrics along with heavy music can be. BUY IT NOW (if you aren't just a wannabe freak)
0316921173|4.0|This book technically took me 11 months to complete, though the reality (I read at least 15 other books in those same 11 months) of it is that it only took me about 3 months of &quot;actual&quot; reading time to finish.  <br />Initially, I read the early sections with Hal, and he goes from being mute or something and then strangely he's VERY talkative and (in the most hirsute way) sometimes obnoxious,  and the ETA crew and poor deformed little Mario (who is strangely and amusingly very mobile), and those pair of stange first-person passages written in an Ebonics/ClockworkOrange-hybrid (allusions to which becoming more obvious toward the end), and Hal's father's father's drunken rant to Hal's father about his own father re a fateful Tennis Match (flashbacks within flashbacks within...) which was the first thing I remember reading that really moved me, maybe, a little.  There was the Bruce Green and Mildred Bonk preview, the hilarious anxiety attack had by the guy waiting for his pot to show up (500 pages later thinking, &quot;Hey that was Ken Erdeddy!&quot;), Hal's secret fixation on getting grassed in private (&quot;Huh, everyone in this book gets high.&quot;), J.O.I.'s filmography that you shouldn't read too thoroughly if you don't want to know what happens in the rest of the book, endnotes both funny and tedious, thinking why are these guys on this mountain and one is in a wheelchair and one is dressed like a woman, what's up with the references to all things &quot;annular&quot;, why were there, like, 4 presidents in a five year span.<br />Actually, it was right around this point I finally felt as though I understood where all of these parallel lines were supposed to converge.  The subsidized time stuff I felt to be neither cumbersome, nor especially hilarious, and he pretty much gives away what the years are in a footnote and then on page 220-something he comes right out lists them all and one of them even uses the actual Gregorian calendar year in its name anyway.  But anyway I finally understood the whole thing with the samizdat and how the Canadians fit in to it but I felt like, &quot;man I feel like I missed, like, everything&quot; and so ,daunted by the thought of re-reading such a dense block of text, yet feeling that I might have missed some fundamental point in the book, I actually quit reading it for most of this year and didn't even pick it up again until September or so, at which point I started completely over, from the beginning, and found, yes, I actually missed quite alot (don't read page 17 either, &quot;it gives it all away&quot;, as does the Conversationalist stuff w/r/t Hal and JOI.)  <br />The book is involved, it's long, some of it is written in teeny tiny type, it has a lot of characters, some of them have something to do with one another some do not, there are some that are absent for lapses of 600+ pages.  A friend once looked at a pair of pages I was reading and said, &quot;there's no punctuation there.&quot;  Don Gately steps in at some point taking over the rest of the novel (&quot;Hal....are you there?&quot;) and I feel surprised reading so few reviews that mention the AA stuff, because there is a LOT of it, all the cliches and whatnot.  There is a great fight scene with Gately (Gately's Eschaton if you will, which is another thing, because the ETA Eschaton bit and Otis Lord with the monitor on his head and all I feel is WAY overrated and clearly inferior to Gately's big fight with the 'Nucks) that is definitely one of the most fun things I haver read (and would read again, supposedly) and still not much mention of Hal, but then I start to feel manipulated, I can feel what Wallace is doing, and I start to question myself, feeling manipulated.  There is a definite point of which things start to feel very symmetrical, and I get the sneaking suspicion that Wallce is playing with the page numbers and I feel it gets pretty confirmed when I flip back to the mathematical center of the book and see what's there.  Wallace is great with the more abstracted mathematics in his literature, by which I mean the symbolism and the fractals and Fourier Transforms, etc, but the more general math finds him lacking, as errors in probability pop-up a couple of times (though I remember the integration bit being dead on, but there seemed to be something fishy re the mean-value-theorem and how it relates to what he's trying to relate it to) but then I start to question whether if that's a bona-fide error or just Hal, because Hal even said he's no good in math (or was that Pemulis in an endnote?)  <br />And then  a bunch of things never really get resolved in pretty much the way you expected them not to get resolved after reading the first half of the book, and there is some pretty depressing stuff with Gately and now there's at least four distinct possibilities for What Happened to Hal back in the beginning (really the novel's coda) and two pretty distinct possibilities for whats under Joelle vD's veil, and the VERY distinct idea that maybe Wallace wants you to just wonder exactly what happened because the McGuffins can't really be sorted out from the truth because it seems like maybe the book's just one long Hamlet allusion or is that Pynchon homage or really the &quot;Entertainment&quot; itself or just a slice of timeline in some peoples' lives with many events coming to a close as some are just starting to unfold, or ultimately an allergory of addiction (and withdrawl obviously) itself starting slowly and before you know it it's careening out of control and you can feel yourself spiral out of control and somewhere it has to eventually end and of course eventually, and rather abru<br />He uses lots of long run-on sentences, too....<br />Hal ate the mold.
B000002MX7|5.0|I first heard of Chaka Khan from my Sister.She just got back from Wildwood N.J.while on vacation with my cousins.She told me about this fantastic new group,Rufus.They were the opening act for Cheech and Chong.This comedy team was late,and Rufus had to keep on playing untill they showed up.The audience didn't care if they never showed up after hearing Chaka Khan.&quot;Tell me Something Good,&quot; was there first hit single.The live version is on this CD.My all time favorite cut,&quot;Through the Fire,&quot;is unreal.If anyone out there thinks they can sing,play this song and listen.Prince's,&quot;I fill for You,&quot; with the wonderfull rap,was a huge hit. Every type of music is in here,from Disco,&quot;Ain't Nobody,Never Miss the Wather,&quot;  To the great ballads,&quot;Through the Fire,Your love is all I know,&quot;(this will break your heart apart,)and a Jazzy Dedication to the late Ella Fitzgerald,&quot;The End of A Love Affair.&quot;This collection of Chaka Khan is  one of my top ten albums  of all time.   If you love to hear brilliant music from a great singer,songwriter,and artist,You have to get this CD.
B000000OAC|4.0|Can't you just feel the feet stomping just by looking at this album?  We Will Rock You/We are the Champions IS the pinnacle of anthems.  No song will ever match it in intensity or worldwide acceptance.  Not to be overlooked is the incredible song Spread your Wings.  It's somber and Freddy's vocals are as powerful as ever.
B00004XONN|4.0|Do you remember the first time you heard music that seemed to rush through your body? It's the album that you could listen to a million times a find something new with every listen. With Kid A, Radiohead has allowed the listener to experience a mystical soundtrack of life that comes along maybe every 5 to 10 years.  The moodiness might be likened to THE THE, or perhaps the Cocteau Twins, but this album is distinctly Radiohead's own blend of no nonsense experience rock.  Though some cuts off the album might make you question Radiohead's motives, remember this is music and it should be enjoyed.  So go on Radiohead's trip and listen to the album several times. You may find that your mind will click and understand this album as the whole rather than the sum of its parts.
B00004S6GL|5.0|i can't say enough about this album... the more i listen to it (which is a lot!!), the more i hear in each song. how can this guy craft any songs better than the collection here? although there are millions of beatle comparisons with elliott smith, they are deserving in a good way and it's almost like when you used to listen to a beatle album and love every tune...<br />these songs soar....'can't make a sound', by the end, i'm spent..'wouldn't mama be proud', beautiful melody, 'son of sam' a pop masterpiece, 'stupidity tries' great rock with a soaring bridge that sticks with you. and the string and piano section of 'color bars' almost brings tears. although i'm not as into the acoustic stuff on here, it grows on me with each listen...<br />i've read a lot of old time elliott fans criticize this cd for not being as &quot;intimate&quot;, like his early stuff. i say, let the man continue to grow.... we are the ones that will benefit! definitely my pick of the year and most certainly, one of my all time favorite albums and those are hard to come by these days! get this cd now and thank me later!!
0767903854|1.0|The good news is Bryson is a lyrical writer and storyteller who can spin out wonderful strings of diaphragm-exhausting laughable adjectives (like describing a cricket match and long-memoried commentators as akin to a slow-mo tea party).  The bad news is he takes a wonderful place and topic and doesn't do anything with it.   Bryson sits in a car and motel rooms and describes places (quite often inaccurately) then moves along.  He meets few people, talks to fewer, and misses just about everything.  The first six pages contain four major factual errors, for example.  I've met some of the (few) people he talks about - the underground innkeeper at White Cliffs, for example - and can almost hear them laughing AT - not with - the author.  This truly is a shame because Bryson DOES have the capacity for lyrical description when he works at it, and Australia is probably the most evocative place on earth.  He just doesn't DO anything.  And of everyone, he's the poorest of all, because the most wonderful thing about Australia is the Australian people.
B000002G23|5.0|This wonderful compilation could have included more previously unreleased materials from both studios and concerts. Nevertheless, it covers the history of this great band almost perfectly, together with &quot;The Police Live&quot; CDs which was released after this box set came out.<br />These four CDs also tell us that the band could not have been that great without Stewart Copeland and Andy Summers, which might be overlooked by those who only listen to the band's greatest hit compilation &quot;Every Breath You Take: The Classics&quot;. Needless to say, they are one of the best drummers and guitarists, respectively. Their quite unique styles and techniques contributed to the success of the band enormously, without which none of Sting's pop materials could have been as good. Also it should be mentioned that their greatness as a composer, which have been proven in their Post-Police era, were obvious all through the history of the band. Not only they penned very good pop songs like &quot;Bombs Away&quot;, &quot;Omegaman&quot;, &quot;Darkness&quot;, &quot;Someone To Talk To&quot;, they also supplied unique music like &quot;Does Everyone Stare?&quot;, &quot;Mother&quot;, &quot;Miss Gradenko&quot;, &quot;Shambelle&quot;. Apparently, thier songs give the music of the band a good diversity.<br />This box set is another proof that The Police was a real great &quot;band&quot; which had three talented muscians.
B000003CKH|5.0|this is clearly a band where the sum of its parts together are greater than the sum of its individual members.  none of these guys are particularly great musicians .... except for maybe the trumpet player ... but together they must inspire each other to achieve greatness. this CD is all over the place ... country, funk, pop, straight ahead, and heck even a little jazz. i bought it because i couldn't get 'The Distance' to stop whirling in my brain.  figured the only way to make it stop was to play it over and over ... it worked, but now the rest of the songs on the CD are stuck in my head
B00000J6AG|5.0|It's pretty rare I like an ENTIRE CD, but this one has such a wealth of great songs, that all sound quite different, but somehow work very well together.  I'd always HEARD of Moby, but was never familiar with his work.  The other day I was at the local record store, and asked what the song was playing over the loudspeaker.  They said it was from Moby's new album.  Then I heard the next song, and decided I had to buy the album.  I was glad I did.  The only downside to the CD is that the song Bodyrock is so overplayed now, that everytime I hear it I can't help but think of a commercial on TV - I think for some kind of car.  While I understand that musicians can make alot of money by allowing a commercial to use their music, I think in a way it serves as a detriment to their true fans.  Commercializing Bodyrock has just &quot;ruined&quot; the song for me.  OK, enough of my diatribe.  The CD is great!
B000001EXR|4.0|This reminds me of my assesment of Paul Stanley's solo album: it's a shame there's only one album of it. Carnival Of Souls, Psycho Circus, and Music From The Elder are the only KISS albums that don't have &quot;let's bang right now&quot; lyrics. It's incredibly refreshing and it shows that KISS can write decent lyrics when they aren't obsessed with sex - which isn't necessarily bad.<br />I believe that &quot;Childhood's End&quot; relates to Kurt Cobain's suicide, as Cobain *did* cover &quot;Do You Love Me&quot; when in Nirvana and was a child during KISS' popularity. ..... It is a rare treat to find KISS lyrics that tug at my curiousity.
B00000064G|4.0|Ok, I concede, the only reason I picked up this album was because of the VW commercial, but now I am hooked.  This album carries you away with the music, it is the ultimate to listen to on a drive home from a hike.  It's like talking a bath in melody and simplicity and the haunting guitar riffs and vocals will leave you breathless.
B00001QGPR|2.0|I find this album very boring.  All the songs are slow, and they all sound the same.  To top it off, Bowie rarely SINGS on this album - he talks all the way through most of the songs.  I'm a huge fan of most of Bowie's stuff from Space Oddity to Scary Monsters, but not a lot of the later stuff (except Tin Machine) and I group this album with all of the new music.  Don't get me wrong, this album isn't a complete waste of time.  But I only ever listen to it on a rainy day while I read a book, and Bowie is capable of song writing that refuses to regulated to the  background.  I wish he would release something more innovative and creative again.
B000001ESF|5.0|I am a HUGE Rush fan and like most other fans I am certain that this is the best album on the market. I love the title track and as for the rest they are timeless. Something for Nothing is such a wonderful song along with The Twilight Zone and Tears. There is simply no other way to put it but to say that 2112 is the best album ever made.
B00004XONN|5.0|I reading all lot of reviews two months and never had time to write what I think about this 'wonderkid', Kid A. In this time I already know that Kid A will be my best of 2000 or even best of last three years. Why? I don't know. I don't compare this with other records, even with myself (I'm playing music too). I simply love it, as I love sunny time, clear skies and smiling people (when they trully smiles). Only thing I know that when I'm walking in streets, I possibly making others thinking that I'm crazy, because of all-the-time singing in half-voice 'This is really happening, Ice age coming' or 'I'm not here, it's not me'.  Of coarse, I won't prepeare the special list of favorites - they all the favorites, even 'Threefingers' have real basement and structure, It sounded something like from Sera's soundtrack of 'The 5th Element'. Really ambient. It's just hard to say what you must have, if you want to like this album. Propably first and least - open mind. This album really requires it. If you just like loud crying in mic, I don't know - maybe you still thinking like child (teenage). Maybe it's time to start thinking ;))) And in fact, don't be missguided - OK Computer got the same hard understanding from masses at start. Give this music (and any kind of other) chance and possibly you will start to love it (if you already don't).<br />Would give a ten if possible ;)))
6305807043|3.0|I watched this film on a whim and was quite suprised.  It was so wierd I had to finish watching it the whole way through.  I really found it quite entertaining. It is very bizarre and an original piece, much better than that so-called Academy Winner &quot;American Beauty.&quot;  John Malkovich is one of the best actors of the 20th century and his acting is superb.  I have a feeling this is one of those films you either love or hate, but try watching it--it's pretty good.
B00004XONN|1.0|I listened to this CD after reading all the hype about it. Whoa... has pop music really sunk so far? The lead singer's voice sounds like a 15-year-old boy in the throes of puberty gone bad. The &quot;songs&quot; are boring and pointless. Whatever happened to verse-chorus-bridge, etc.? Whatever happened to skill in playing one's instrument? Why anyone would willingly spend money on this overblown bit of tripe is beyond me.
B00004U30D|1.0|People who have reviewed this movie must be either a) seriously demented or b) not familiar with any &quot;good&quot; films.  This movie was a large disappointment.  It gave a very sick and twisted view of life.  It also had some of the worst performances by actors I have ever seen, including Spacey.  I do not know what everyone sees in this film, but it is just not there.  It just goes to prove that the Academy does not know what they are talking about because this film did not deserve anything.
B000051VWW|5.0|No release of the new century (Well maybe Shelby Lynne) can compare to Sade's long-awaited new CD: LOVERS ROCK, which is liquid Sade flowing perfectly track after track.  Lean back and relax into thought as you swim through the tracks like an exotic sea -- of Sade's voice and style.  BY YOUR SIDE was why I bought the CD, but as I listened further, I realized every track is pure class.  THE SWEETEST GIFT is mezmarizing, and while the CD's pace is slow, it is DELIBERATLEY slow and quite effective in its overall message.  IMMIGRANT has that signature Sade beat and her musky voice commands perfect back up singing.  Sail into this new CD and DISCOVER the magic of Sade if you haven't already.
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|This has got to be the funniest film of the year. I've seen it 3 times coz each time I missed loads coz I was crying with laughter. From the same goys who brought you Don't Be A Menace this film is an absolute screamer. If you've seen the films parrodied you, if you possess a sense of humour, will be laughing from start to finish. The male nudity is done in the best possible taste, well maybe not but it definitly is funny. The only problem is that it made me laugh too much, I thought I was going to die.<br />I wanted to put 6 stars but the tyrants would let me only have 5.<br />You have to watch this film and that is an order...
0393317552|4.0|I'd always wondered why the cavalry never arrived through history's battles astride zebras.  They are, after all closely related to horses -- why did Africans never make that leap to stripped horse flesh when their Eurasian cousins were able to commanded the non-stripped version thousands of years ago?<br />Diamond answers this question and provides other fascinating information in this extremely logical and well argued book (zebras have far nastier tempers than horses and are not domesticable).<br />This is human history at its most basic.  The question answered is why some peoples achieved more advanced developmental trajectories than others over the last ten thousand years.<br />Diamond's history is the history of homo sapiens, not historical man.  In fact, he shows how the history of our species interacted with basic geographical and biological facts in all parts of the world to produce &quot;history&quot; as most of us know it (at least through the age of colonialism).<br />This book proves, at its most elemental level, that people are people.  Which continents our ancestors migrated to almost totally explains the stage of development reached by different peoples five hundred years ago when world's collided.  In this, Diamond presents clear and convincing evidence and arguemnt that history up to a point was pre-ordained.<br />What elements preordained development levels among people? The presence or absence of domesticable plant and animal species and the breadth of lattitude possessed by the continents.  The Eurasian land mass was the clear winner in nature's draw which meant that those who were lucky enough to inhabit it had developed clear advantages over other peoples of the world by the time they met.<br />Diamond makes this point through clearly marshalled evidence, sound conclusions and simple yet elegant prose.<br />In this, the book is a breakthrough work:  it explains convincingly much about the lack of differences between peoples and the absolute importance of location, avaialable food and animal speciies in determining such critical success factors for development as agriculture, village life, and the emergence of writing and technology.<br />The title of this book more accurately could have been &quot;Lattitude, Grass Plants and Large Mammels.&quot;  Guns, germs and steel are not the focus, but the result of those percursor elements, which are discussed much more that the title words.  I also found that the author repeats him self and his basic points a lot.  His case is well made, but made over and over again.  At times the book got boringly repetitive.  At other times, iteresting tidbits arising out of the author's case pulled me back in.<br />Having said that, this is an important book, even monumental for the clarity and convincing manner in which Diamond presents his thesis.ortance of location, avaialable food and animal speciies in determining such critical success factors for development as agriculture, village life, and the emergence of writing and technology.<br />The title of this book more accurately could have been &quot;Lattitude, Grass Plants and Large Mammels.&quot;  Guns, germs and steel are not the focus, but the result of those percursor elements, which are discussed much more that the title words.  I also found that the author repeats him self and his basic points a lot.  His case is well made, but made over and over again.  At times the book got boringly repetitive.  At other times, iteresting tidbits arising out of the author's case pulled me back in.<br />Having said that, this is an important book, even monumental for the clarity and convincing manner in which Diamond presents his thesis.
B000050XEI|3.0|I know I'm risking major bad email, however, I found this newest album a bit of a disappointment. First of all I have: Watermark, Shepard Moons, Paint the Sky and Memory of trees, so I am somewhat familiar with her work.<br />I had two problems with this album.<br />1. It was lacking some of her more spirited songs.  None of the singles had the &quot;oomph&quot; for the lack of a better term that some of her previous hits did.  All songs seemed pretty soft.  If you like exclusively that then there's no problem.<br />2. This album, though I did not specifically time it (about 30 minutes long), was way too short.  Mind you at 11 singles it was equivalent to The Memory of trees album and both Shepard moons and Watermark had only 12 however, I suspect the songs were longer.  I could be mistaken, but isn't 45 minutes somewhat standard on old LPs.  In my experience, CDs tend to be even longer than that.  I felt I got a bit shortchanged here.<br />All in all this album was okay (hence the 3), but not her best.
B00004RHZU|5.0|I like listening to this, Can't take me home. Pinks bold attitude is a nice change ONLY because I am so sick of wimpy r/b singers who only talk about love and how sweet it is. YEAAAH right. Pink lets it be known she don't expect much love just heartbreak here or there. Well she keeps it real and her lyrics show hardness and softness at once. The beats are fast typical TLCish kind of stuff but I like it a lot and my favorite song on here is #8 Private show. Babyface, who has done songs for Whitney Huston, Mariah and TLC does 3 songs on here, Split personalty (#1), Most girls (#3) and hiccup (#12). Something I like about the disc is she keeps it real with harmony filled slow jams but next minute goes to blistering hot fast shots of adrenilin. Like There you go or Hell Wit ya. Perfect CD of the year.
0783235666|5.0|THIS IS ONR OF MY FAVORITES OF HITCHCOCK.IT HAS GREAT SUSPENCE. TIPPI HEDREN IS BEAUTIFUL.THE STORY IS GREAT.IT HAS DASHES OF HUMOR AND JOKES.THIS IS ALL PACKED INTO ONE OF HITCHCOCKS BEST FILMS.
0609603086|4.0|I like Ken Follett.  Cannot think of much I have read by him I didn't like.  This one was my least favorite, but I still enjoyed it, and would rate it 4 stars.  It was hard to put down, but the writing felt &quot;rushed&quot;, for the most part, which is why I think I like it least of all of Folletts books.  But I was drawn into the plot and the characters.  Someone mentioned in another review that they didn't care for the amount of profanity in this book, and I have to agree, that is a turn off, but it was appropriate for the characters in the book.  The science was interesting.  If you like suspenseful books, then you will probably enjoy this one, if you like Folletts books which are more &quot;historical&quot; then you may want to pass on this one.  Enjoy!
0393317552|4.0|Enough is enough.    Let's just say a book of 400+ pages deserves almost 300 reviews!  Why one more?  Irritation with the shallow criticisms offered by numerous previous reviewers.<br />Yes, this is a long book and it takes a while to read -especially when you lay it down for months at a time (like I did). Guns, Germs, and Steel is a book that makes you think. I thought about it during the breaks I took from reading it and I keep thinking about it and talking to people about it now that I've finished it.  <br />Perhaps this book doesn't say everything just the way everyone would like it said but it certainly stimulates thinking and discussion.<br />There are parts that are repetitious - but - I found that a bit helpful to keep me (a lay person) on track and remembering all of the points that Diamond is weaving together.  There are many parts that leave you wanting more detail.  <br />Diamond's artful combination of history with geography, biology, animal husbandry, weather, and zoology is facinating.  <br />Don't read any more reviews - read the book.
0553106635|5.0|Martin is absolutely amazing.  In a genre that grows increasingly placid and static (assemble rag-tag group of adventurers, search for item/weapon/place, defeat villain), here comes this series of books that blows the doors off the competition.  Quite simply, Martin is writing the most intricate and satisfying fantasy out there.  His narrative structure is brilliant, telling the story of his world through dozens of characters.  Each chapter a new character takes the spotlight and a new piece of the story is revealed.  This takes a little getting used to as you may become engrossed in one character's trials and tribulations, and not see the conclusion of that series of events for a hundred pages.  However once you learn to accept this narrative scheme you will love it.  The thing that I truly love about this series is that it is full of moments that not only take you by surprise, but absolutely shakes the pillairs of heaven.  I don't think I've ever actually dropped a book from shock at a plot twist before.  I definitely hope it happens again.  Enough of this.  Stop reading my words when you could be reading his.
B000050XEI|2.0|I am a huge Enya fan, but this new release sounds to me like a basic re-working of her previous melodies. Before I listen to it a hundred times and it sinks in, this is my first impression. Not that Enya needs to change anything, but there just isn't anything fundamentally new here. Her three previous releases, on the other hand, were very exploratory each in themselves. But this new one sounds like a re-hash of &quot;In Memory of Trees&quot;. Enya is now in a rut, but at least it is a pleasant one. The last song &quot;Lazy Days&quot; almost redeems the CD, but not quite.
B00000HZFP|5.0|The John Cameron Mitchell you might know as Dickon from the Original Cast of &quot;The Secret Garden&quot; has certainly created a different role for himself in Hedwig and the Angry Inch.  Mitchell wrote the book and stars in the most amazing thing to hit the stage in years.  Stephen Trask's music and lyrics are both catchy, intelligent, and they absolutely rock.  Not even &quot;Rent&quot; can keep up with this stuff.  I can't say enough how much this show improves with every listen.  If you like Velvet Goldmine era rock with a dose of Rocky Horror, the Pixies, and Lou Reed, then buy this disk and see what all the fuss is about.  This also stands alone as a great alternative rock album.  (Tell somebody they're listening to a musical and watch them stare at you in disbelief.)  The only negative is that there is no synopsis included with the lyrics.  The whole story is a little vague, but don't let that stop you from trying it.  Awesome!
0783237979|5.0|IF YOU WANT TO SEE TRULY TALENTED ARTIST WHO CAN DANCE AND SING THEN THIS IS THE VIDEO FOR YOU.  I CANNOT SAY ENOUGHT ABOUT THE TALENT THAT ANDREW LLOYD-WEBBER HAS GIVEN US. THE MUSIC WILL LIVE FOREVER EVEN THOUGH THE BROADWAY MAGIC IS GONE.
B00004Z459|5.0|This is what I have been looking for. Having an impressive collection of rap-metal (Korn, Limp Bizkit, etc.) they all begin to grind the same after awhile and therefore have a short listening life. Feed your Alpine this tasty bit and you will find every song has it's own sound and flavor, and gives this music genre a new lease on life. The only dissapointment here is that it is not a double CD, one is not enough. Buy this.
B0000399WI|5.0|Loved it! Loved the screenplay, loved the actors, loved the cinematography, loved the score! This is simply one of those movies that i can watch over and over and feel as moved as the first time that i watched it, and how often can someone truly say that about a movie. I could continue to write wonderful things about this movie but instead will simply say &quot;buy it you won't regret it&quot;.
B000053VAF|4.0|Got a look at this DVD from a friend of mine who receives plenty of pre-releases at Blockbuster.  I am happy to say this is a great product.  Like the &quot;Scream 3&quot; DVD, there is plenty of extras that almost go overboard in content since you are given almost 100 minutes of deleted scenes which make you scratch your head in confusion that so many of these scenes were deleted, some of them really skew the initial plot of the story.  Highly imaginative and extremely funny, this film rides on plenty of surprises and gives the word &quot;religion&quot; a run for it's money.  I really enjoyed this film although I was getting a little tired of hearing the f-word every two seconds.  It does, however, make you think about your faith (if you have any) and takes a humorous look at the question of &quot;what if.&quot;  I am surprised people were so judgemental against this movie.  Obviously the naysayers didn't actually see it because the very beginning credits give a humorous commentary on the directors position of the film and asks the audience blatantly &quot;do not take this seriously!&quot;  With that said, the DVD is spectacular!  Superior film to DVD transfer, the colors actually look better on the DVD!  Commentaries are great but a little too many of them for my taste.  I think one or two commentaries are fine for a DVD but when it gets to be 3 or 4, well, you get the picture.  It's simply too much.  This DVD definately has a lot of offer!  For those of you who have taken this movie seriously-shut your mouth and get a sense of humor-QUICK!
B00004YW6I|4.0|Taking great cues from Patti Smith she strips down the previous \\"Is This Desire\\" to glorious results. Name checking Little Italy, Manhattan, and the Empire State Building are obvious NY references. There is a real feeling of the English girl in the big city. She stumbles around neighborhoods, out of relationships, and into herself.<br /> The vocals are great as usual. Instead of using all the operatic frill she learned for \\"Desire\\" she mixes straight punk delivery and breathy falsetto moments. This album took a bunch of listens for the songs to diverge into separate entities. I like nearly everything with \\"Big Exit\\", \\"One Line\\" and my favorite (the sorta countryish) \\"You Said Something\\" standing out.  This album stands up whether you're an old fan or new.
B00004ZEQX|4.0|I am a Fulci fan and I have to say that this movie is a very good one.  It's definitely not his best one but it really is very creepy.  Its about this family moving into a temporary home for a while.  While they are there, the visitors of the house all get slaughtered, except for our hero, a very geeky looking kid who you really want to punch in the face he's so annoying.  Later on they find that the killer is Dr. Freudstein, who has been killing people so he can use their living tissue to keep himself alive.  Some very creepy moments, especially some of the visions the boy and this other girl have.  Also, I have been informed that this is the uncut, unrated version of the film so ignore the R rating on the back of the box.  This means its full of some really grotesque footage and will please fulci fans for sure.  Plus, this price just can be beat and the transfer is professionally done and suprisingly good for a Diamond Entertainment Release.  A Recommended buy.
B000002HPV|5.0|This album is a futuristic gem. Everything from the bizarre Bjork-Geisha cover to the burbling bass and sputtering beats finds B stretching the boundaries once again. Her voice sounds great too.
B00004Y2QS|4.0|Although it's missing a whole lot of hits &amp; essentials (When Doves Cry, Cream, Dirty Mind, 7, Beautiful Ones AND so on and so on), and it's heavy on preachy spiritualism, Rave is a solid concert video and a must have for all fans. It features Prince accompanied by former Sly and the Family Stone bassist Larry Graham, along with guests such as Rosie Gaines, Maceo Parker and Mr. Lenny Kravitz. With his guitar in fine form, Prince and his band stomp through Purple Rain, Rasberry Beret, Gett Off, Let's Go Crazy, Kiss and several other of the Purple One's big hits. They also do rocking, rollicking versions of the Sly/Stone hits &quot;Everyday People&quot; and &quot;Higher.&quot; Lenny Kravitz takes the stage for Fly Away and American Woman, with Prince filling in admirably for Craig Ross on guitar. The highlight is a blistering version of the Cross, renamed the Christ for the concert, featuring a gospel choir. Prince sounds great, the band is solid, and he seems to be having fun for the first time in a long time. It's not on par (by any stretch of the imagination)with the classic Prince and the Revolution Live-the Purple Rain tour (but then again, neither is a lot of the post-Revolution music). A lot of people might be disappointed that quite a few hits are missing, but when you have so many songs, what are you going to do? It features the usual assemblage of Prince jam sessions and pretty faithful renditions of the classics. (Gett Off kind of disappoints - remember the great performance on the MTV awards in the early '90s - without the seat of the pants!) It still shows why he's better than anyone else. It won't ever be the same as in the Controversy-1999-Purple Rain-Sign O' the Times heydays, but the true fans will more than take it.
B00004XOWM|1.0|What happened to Limp Bizkit since the good ol' days of three dollar bill.  Their follow up albums have been very weak.  This new album is no different than Significant Other.  It has the same sound as Significant Other, and even the booklet inside looks the same.  Basically it's Significant Other but with a different name and cover. Also  Fred Durst's voice on this album is extremely annoying.  All he does is squeek his voice, and he does on almost every song.  These guys are too caught up in the whole junior high, mainstream TRL crowd, and it's made them forget their early, true fans.  If they can create something that has the same tone and sound as three dollar bills then I would like these guys again, but until then I'm staying away from this band.  Save your money on this one.
B00004XONN|5.0|i don't know how people (namely one of the other reviewers on here) can deem most of the tracks on this album 'unlistenable' - do they find it impossible to listen to because the songs are unconventional? either way, this album is a surprise for me - i enjoy this more than OK Computer, an album which was brilliant but i found hard to get into.  featuring less guitar than Ok Computer, Kid A instead features warm synthesizers and drum patterns reminiscent of Boards of Canada's &quot;Music Has The Right To Children&quot; and Aphex Twin's &quot;Selected Ambient Works Volume 2&quot; (particularly the second disc).<br />the songs on kid a flow so well you can listen to the entire album without distractions, losing yourself totally in the music.  great stuff, especially &quot;everything in its right place&quot;, &quot;morning bell&quot;, and &quot;in limbo&quot;.
B000002JSV|5.0|I'm 27(well, almost 28) and have been listening to them for 20-years; I know every-lyric and can &quot;verbally&quot; Beavis &amp; Butthead all the guitar-solos! To my point: Lots of people that have gotten &quot;into-AC/DC&quot; actually have more of their newer-albums, and some barely know the &quot;Bon-era&quot;(hard to believe, but true!).  I love ALL their albums from the original Australian &quot;High Voltage&quot; to &quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot;; ALL are 5-stars to me. &quot;Newbies&quot; to AC/DC that like the vibe of the song/album &quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot; SHOULD GET THIS FOR SURE! It has the &quot;elegant-simplicity&quot; of &quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot; and if you like that album, you'll love songs like &quot;Gimme A Bullet,&quot; which is a catchy-tune that is melodic &amp; bluesy. If you like the slower, bluesy-tunes off &quot;SUL&quot; such as &quot;Hold Me Back&quot; &amp; &quot;Can't Stand Still&quot; you will LOVE &quot;POWERAGE!&quot; &quot;Gone Shootin'&quot; is a bit like the song &quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot; in terms of the beat, but slower,mellower and bluesier; REAL BLUESY! It is the most-underrated AC/DC album(along with &quot;Flick Of The Switch&quot;) and my personal-favorite of the &quot;Bon-era&quot;; yes, even ahead of &quot;Highway To Hell!&quot;   It didn't go platinum till 1990, but that means nothing; look at the crap now that sells a million in one-week! This is hard, raw, and gritty-as-hell, yet retains melody; as only AC/DC can do. So if you like the new-album and were one of the fans that kept &quot;Stiff Upper Lip&quot; the #1-song on rock-radio for over two-months, you'll LOVE THIS SEMI-HIDDEN GEM!
044651506X|5.0|Rarely do I read the same book over again.  After all, there are so many novels and so little time.  But I just finished PLUM ISLAND for a second reading, and enjoyed it as much as I did the first time around.  Wisecracking NYPD detective, John Corey, who is recovering from biting three bullets on the job, recuperates at his uncle's waterfront summer home on Long Island.  It is here that a couple who are recent acquaintances/friends of his are murdered in their nearby home.  Thus begins one of the best mystery-adventure novels in modern fiction.  The reader goes along with Corey for a wild roller-coaster of a ride to the end of the book.  The novel is filled with so many thrills, laughs and adventure, that once I started reading it, it took practically an act of God for me to put it down (I read after I go to bed, so that meant lights out at 3-4 a.m.!).  This was my first DeMille book but not my last.  The problem is, has PLUM ISLAND jaded me to all other mystery novels?  I'll let you know.
B000003N89|5.0|I discovered this album because a friend of mine in the music industry (who doesn't know all that much about jazz vocalists) wanted to know if Diana Krall was as good as all the hype about her said she was. After a quick scan of the song list I replied that it would be easy to tell because she had a version of &quot;Boulevard Of Broken Dreams&quot; and that was one of my favorite pieces -- not only one of my favorites, I said, but I have a recording on a mix tape at home by some woman (who's name escaped me) that I considered the definitive version of &quot; Boulevard Of Broken Dreams&quot;.<br />Two seconds into the song I realized that this was the woman. I said, &quot; she's better&quot;.<br />Diana Krall's ability to interpret standards is truly amazing. I have a fairly extensive collection of jazz vocal albums and I place this one right up there at the top with singers like Ella Fitzgerald, Johnny Hartman, Nat Cole &amp; Billy Holiday -- not necessarily because they sound alike, but more because all of these artists can sing a song and make you hear it differently than you've ever heard it before.<br />Now I'm not going to try to convince you that all of her recording are flawless, but this one is a pure winner. There's not a bad track on here. Some of the stand outs are 'You Call It Madness', 'You're Looking At Me', 'A Blossom Fell', and of course my favorite 'Boulevard Of Broken Dreams'.<br />I can't wait for Diana to outgrow this label. They spend way too much time trying to promote her image. It's not an insult to say that her image is the least of her qualities.
B00004ZEQX|4.0|I love horror movies, and have a soft spot for low budget horror films made during the late 70s and into the 80s.  Lucio Fulci was one of the masters of the low-budget, fast-make gore films.  I had never seen this one before, but I had seen Zombie 2, his unofficial sequel to George Romero's Night of the Living Dead, so I kind of new what to expect.  I was not disappointed.  <br />Lots of atmosphere, lots of blood and gore, and a story that was downright eerie.  The music had a haunting, melancholy flavor that was very appropriate for the story line.  The players, including the two principal children costars, were more than adequate. Of course you're going to see weak plot points (for instance, where'd all the blood go when the baby sitter was decapitated and just moments later two principal characters walk onto the scene, and it's a dry and dusty floor; in reality, they'd be slipping and sliding like a panicked cat on ice), but then again, you can get the same kind of weak plot points in a John Carpenter film, and I don't seem to mind them either.  You just expect it to happen in this kind of movie.  Look past the weaknesses, and what you've got in &quot;House by the Cemetery&quot; is almost a homage to the great Hammer Films of the 60s and 70s.  You've got a gothic ghost story, with a Ghoul that feeds on warm living flesh to stay alive, like a vampire.  The scene in the basement, when we see where the &quot;good Doctor Freudstein&quot; does his butchering with dirty surgical tools on a steel table top, made me think of the recent remake of &quot;House On Haunted Hill&quot;; some tricks of the trade never change.  <br />Surprisingly, for such a low cost DVD, it was presented wonderfully, in Wide Screen format, with restored sound and music.  It includes a short Bio on Fulci, and nice scene access, should you decide you want to see some finely done vivisectioning over and over again.<br />If you like horror and you like gore to the extent you find yourself leaping upand laughing at the over-the-top-splatter, then you'll love this film.  Great Buy.
B000002U8G|4.0|Meddle is Pink Floyd's fourth major album (following Piper, Saucerful, and Ummagumma excluding More).  This is a great album.  It kicks off with &quot;One Of These Days&quot; an instrumental with some cool slide guitar riffs and an awesome  distorted line (the only one) &quot;one of these days I'm going to cut you into little peices&quot;.  The rest of the album is mainly acoustic except for &quot;Echoes&quot;-a 20 minute plus song with a cool throbbing intro by Wright.  Overall this album is the basic start to Pink Floyd's commercial success.  Although I gave it 4 stars, if you don't have Wish You Were Here, DSOTM, The Wall, or Animals get those first.  If you like Pink Floyd because of the atmospheric psychadelic stuff get Ummagumma or Saucerful Of Secrets.
B000005ALP|5.0|I cannot describe what an effect this album has had on me.  It is simply (for lack of a better word) amazing.  I can listen to it when I am happy or melancholy and I can take completely different meanings from the songs for they appeal to both moods and everything in between.  I notice something new every time I hear the songs on it and Flower has to be one the most beautiful songs ever written.  I was not a fan the first time I heard it probably because I was expecting something much lighter and the lyrics came at me hard, but after I listened through it again, I fell in love with it and I cannot imagine not having this album now.
B00004SCX6|4.0|this album is by far britney's best...but i think she could have done a hair better...i'm not being a critic i'm just saying...she's better then christina...and well in her music she tells how it is..
0553106635|5.0|This book was incredible.  The only thing I've ever read that could equal it, the first two.  I'm now ripping the pages out of the wheel of time for toilet paper.......  Buy this book.
0967984602|3.0|The goal of this book is to give instructions on building a mud (actually adobe) oven, similar to those constructed all over the world before the invention of firebrick and other materials and technologies took over. You CAN learn what you need to do that from this book. However, it really needs another edition and an editor who will ruthlessly organize the material and demand better and more even treatment and presentation.      While written by someone who is obviously experienced in the subject (mainly through personal research), this book is not the last word on the subject of wood fired baking. (For example, there is really nothing about tandoori ovens. Those bottle shaped ovens are in use in great number in Central Asia today; you can't make authentic naan without them.)      It is also somewhat disorganized: material on construction is scattered throughout, along with some New Age philosophy and personal anecdotes. I don't wish to seem crabby, but the author's life experiences just aren't that interesting to me.      There are many areas in which the author simply doesn't seem have enough information or technical experience. The illustrations range from fairly good to amateurish (odd for an author who claims to be an artist). The treatment of sourdough baking and baking in general is perfunctory and the author seems to be mostly unaware of the many excellent net resources on sourdough baking on USENET and the web. There are also some interesting clay oven resources on the web, including information on paleolithic and ancient ovens discovered in Great Britain and Europe.       There is useful information in this book, but it is an evolving work in progress. I hope to see a new and greatly expanded edition.    UPDATE (8/2009) Please note that this review was on the 1st Edition of this book and my review was written almost nine years ago. I have not seen the 3rd edition yet, but the recent positive comments seem to indicate that it has been extensively revised and improved. So...to the extent the above criticisms no longer apply, \\"never mind!\\".
6300182193|5.0|I am not a true &quot;spooky movie&quot; fan. I prefer gothic and classic romance videos. I think this is why this movie was so wonderful for me. Frank Langella was a true luring and captivating and sexy Dracula in this video.  His eyes are truly hypnotic, and he has those full romantic lips!  I have never seen him before, but after this video, I started picking up a few of his other gems.  He has a silent, macho, bearing which holds up very nicely in this remake.  I recommend it to all those gals out there who want to see a very handsome Dracula.  I think this movie was 10 times better than the Wynona Ryder one.  It wasn't quite as &quot;crude&quot;
0064407667|5.0|As soon as I finished this book, I immediately ordered the next 4 in the series.  I have read many children's books in which a horrible mess or bad event takes place and through an impossible, over-the-top, unbelievable, sugar-sweet course of events (Holes by Louis Sachar, for example), everything turns out hunky-dorey, right-as-rain, golly-gee-great in the end.  The Bad Beginning turns that sap around 100% and offers an hysterical Series of Unfortunate Events, in which Murphy's Law prevails at every turn.  The characters are delightful, the story-telling is fantastic, and the tone, especially the running vocabulary lessons, is light-hearted and personal.  Now I have to stop writing this review so I can go start the second book.
B0000009S3|5.0|Unfortunately, amazon.com has chosen to categorize this incredible album as &quot;progressive rock&quot; (dont get me wrong, i love prog rock)  &quot;Hot Rats&quot; is clearly a Fusion album, and a spectacular one at that. Frank Zappa's complex compostitions on this album rival only those of John McLaughlin and Mahavishnu and Chick Corea's work with Return to Forever, while still keeping a rock sound.  The music on the cd is more on the jazz side, which i have always liked much more than his goofy lyrical songs that are absent from this album such as &quot;Don't eat the yellow snow&quot; and &quot;valley girl&quot;. In my opinion, this is our generation's equivalent of Beethoven or Bach.  This album truly is a work of pure genius.  Frank Zappa fuses the sounds of rock and jazz better than any one else, and definetely shows off his pure talent and gift in performing and composing.  &quot;Hot Rats&quot; is one of the best jazz fusion albums ever.
B000002572|5.0|Im a sixteen year old and while i was doin homework, i needed something to listen too.  i came upon this CD, which is one of my dad's favorite albums, back in the day.The guitar tablatures are incredible.  if youre interested in classic hard rock music, i'd recommend purchasing this compact disc.  trust me, my friends who listen to nothing but rap thought these guys were good.
B00004XOWM|1.0|Limp Bizkit was an artist I used to respect. 3 Dollar Bill Ya'll and Significant other were two quality CDs.<br />In the last few years, the music industry has shifted drastically to hip-hop. Even rock artists (Limp Bizkit), began to be influenced by this movement. Unfortunately, it is one with no originality and we have all heard it before. This album offers nothing more than the dozens of others that have been pushed out to be bought by the masses of teen-agers. It is especially sad because this CD seems to use the F word as much as possible just to sell CDs.<br />Unless, you enjoy listening to uninspired, already done music then I do not suggest this album at all. In fact, I would consider it a waste of money. Try listening to Radiohead, Metallica, etc. who actually try new things.
B00003CXE7|5.0|If you loved Braveheart, then you must buy this dvd.  It rivals Mel Gibson's movie with a story just as serious and loving as the other.  Russell Crowe and the rest of the cast give performances that are believeable and fun to watch.  Especially Joaquin Phoenix, who's only other film was Return to Paradise.  I enjoyed watching him be so evil.   The movie was fluid and didn't really seem to last that long even though it is 2 hours and 35 minutes long.  Director Ridley Scott adds his touch with exquisite dream sequences and breath-taking scenery.  Along with slow motion fight sequences where you can really see the brutality of war.  My jaw almost dropped to the floor when I saw the Roman Collisieum in its' true form.  What a movie, is all that I can say.  Absolutely fantastic!
B00003CXDG|3.0|In the second installment of the Mission Impossible series director John Woo takes the ropes and gives true action fans what they deserve.  Everything is here.  All the true and fun stunts and an interesting twist to add a love story into the mix.  Most people that I have talked to have said that it was too unbelievable and stupid to even watch.  But what can you expect with the title Mission Impossible?  I expected impossible stunts and I have to say that I got what I wanted.  Tom Cruise and Ving Rhames return to the film, followed by the evil Dougray Scott (Ever After).  I have to say if you're in the mood for a good action flick, and you love John Woo.  Why don't you pick up a copy of MI:2 and sit and enjoy.
B00003CX6P|4.0|This adaption of Patricia Highsmith's book of the same name takes you on a thrill ride of greed, envy, and love.  But not in the convential way.  When you watch this movie you get sucked into a suspicious world where you must question even yourself.  This movie creates the question, &quot;What would you do to be someone else?&quot;.   Anthony Minghella, director of the English Patient, gives us a beautiful setting and a quick moving story. Paired with spectacular performances by Matt Damon and Jude Law.  Any true suspense freak should dish out the cash to buy this and enjoy the ride, there aren't many like it.
0767903854|5.0|As both a Bryson fan and an expatriate Australian, I couldn't wait to get my hands on this book - and I wasn't disappointed.  This is by far Mr Bryson's best work yet, leaving me laughing out loud in public whilst reading his description of cricket on the radio.  He has captured an essence of Australia that I have never seen from a non-Australian before.  His good-humoured fun-poking is spot-on but never cruel.  Bravo Bill!!
0767903854|5.0|I read alot of books and I have to say that, of all the authors I have read, Bill Bryson has to qualify as just about the most fluid, easygoing, natural writer I know.  While I have to write for my profession, I don't consider myself within 1,000 miles of the abilities of those who can write a good novel or work of nonfiction.  However, by that yardstick, I don't even consider myself on the same planet as Bryson.  It is almost impossible for him to write a dull paragraph.  Plus, he's not predictable. For example, whenever he is on the verge of deeming everything he comes across in Australia as just wonderful, he'll surprise you by saying that such-and-such a place is actually kind of dull.  Whenever he is on the verge of opining that every Australian he met was a wonderful person, he'll then tell us that he met a few jerky people along the way as well.  <br />I have sometimes heard the word &quot;incurious&quot; as a disparagement of George W. Bush. I mention this because Bryson strikes me as about as curious as they come.  And because his writing and storytelling are so excellent, he makes the reader curious as well, even about things that they might not otherwise have cared about.<br />My only quibble with the book is that it focuses almost exclusively on a tourist's perspective of Australia as opposed to a resident's perspective.  Of course, given that Bryson WAS in fact merely a tourist, this is understandable.  However, I would have been interested to learn a little bit more about the culture of the country.  For example, what are their marriage and divorce rates?  What do Australians say about satisfaction with their lives?  What are the average income levels for various professions and what is the purchasing power of those income levels?  How much poverty is there?  What do people complain about in Australia?  Where do they go for vacation?  What are their attitudes towards tourists?  How much vacation do they take?  How does their doctor and hospital systemwork?  How does their legal system work?   What is the crime situation (I assume low from everything Bryson says, but there must be some criminals).  And so on.  As I say, this was not the aim of his book, but I still would have been curious to know about some of these things.   All of this occurred to me as I was finishing the book.  I realized from the book that I would absolutely love to visit Australia, but as to the question of whether I would like to actually LIVE there, I realized that the book did not help me so much in that direction.  Nevertheless, for me this was clearly a 5-star effort.
0385484518|5.0|Tuesdays with Morrie is a warm and inspiring book that bring out the comfort of an old dying man, who is teaching his last class. A former student of his, Mitch Albom, comes and talks to Morrie to learn about the important issues in life and what it means to be listen to even through death. This book brings out the good morals in life and how each of these issues will bring out the good in you and help you live a better life. I reccomend that you fead this book becasue it inspires you so much and just warms your heart.
0679735259|3.0|The first and last third of the book were the best.  The middle section on Khe Sanh became boring after a while.  Herr used many military terms that are not known to the common people.  He does a wonderful job of making the reader feel like he/she is in Vietnam.  His descriptions let you picture the scene, until he goes into military terms.
0399146253|3.0|That's a quote from Yogi (Lawrence Peter) Berra. I verified it in my Bartlett's Familiar Quotations - which is a really handy book to have around - Who knew his name was Lawrence Peter? - but, unfortunately, that's not what I'm reviewing right now.<br />As I said in a recent review of another book, my quandary with serials is that, unless one is more patient than I - and can therefore wait for all the books to be available to read in one continuous marathon, one must recall who was whom, and who did what with/to whom etc. etc. from the last installment(s.) Waiting for an entire series to be complete is inconsistent with my philosophy that life is uncertain: eat dessert first! - that is, if one is allowed dessert - which I am not - see my review of Dr. Atkins' &quot;New Diet Revolution.&quot; But, I intentionally digress again. (When one is reviewing this newest Cornwell, procrastination and digression are a good thing and perhaps the better part of valor.)<br />Patricia Cornwell's latest installment in the saga of Virginia's Chief Medical Examiner Kay Scarpetta, family, friends, and various evil-doers is merely OK. I have done other things since reading the previous installment (including reading some of Kathy Reichs' Temperance Brennan and therefore getting my &quot; female Quincy&quot; sagas mixed up.) So, I was frequently left foundering on this heavy, self-introspective and self-indulgent trip.<br />There's more trouble in sight at the end of this book (like the irksome notice on the screen of a TV show that says &quot;To Be Continued&quot;) and by the time it comes out I will be equally adrift (sigh.) Gee, I don't remember having this much confusion years ago with the Nancy Drew books!
067158037X|5.0|I listened to the unabridged version of this book during commuting, and longer trips home, etc.  I think the added value of hearing Frank McCourt in his own voice is tremendous!  You get a true flavor from his impersonations of all the characters, you hear him sing the songs is drunk father sung to him, hear him chirp out the obedient calls to stearn teachers, etc.  You can tell from the many reviews here and elsewhere in the press that the book is a great one.  It truely brings home the horrors of growing up in extreme poverty, and all it brings, including sickness, ignorance, etc.  But growing up in it you have little perspective to judge how horrible your situation is, so McCourt doesn't whine about it, rather accounts for it in almost a matter-of-fact way.  The horrors speak for themselves - louder than any editorializing could ever do.
B000002UDB|4.0|This is the Beatles after the release of Sgt. Pepper.  They seem to be resting on their laurels a bit.  But that's the charm of the album.  It has a relaxed feel missing from Sgt. Pepper.
0399146253|5.0|This book is one of Patricia Cornwell's best yet! It does start out a bit slow, however it eventually picks up and takes the reader down an incredibly exciting path. The book provides us with a rare peek into the vulnerabilities and the tortured mind of Kay Scarpetta, could this is any way be a reflection into Patricia Cornwell's mind? Anyways, this book takes the reader in a new direction, one involving Kay Scarpetta(no more hints). You will have to buy it to read it to find out more-it is well worth it!  I eagerly await the next installment to see where her life takes us next...
B0000029DD|4.0|Twas a recommendation from a lady friend of mine.  Scared me at first, especially with the Super Saver sticker still claiming stake on the plastic casing.  &quot;Cheap music,&quot; I thought.  Tis anything but, I say.  Vocals really steal the show.  His voice will scare you, too, if you've never heard it before.  You'll want to turn it off, or, you might even get that embarassed feeling like, &quot;how am I listening to such a thing.&quot;  No, he's not ground-breaking, but who is these days.  The late Mr. Buckley, however, masters expression in this album.  Songs go places -- I mean GO places.  Another CD that had to 'grow' on me.<br />So, should you buy it?  If you want to treat your ears to a thoughtful, introspective work with wailing guitar and weeping vocals, go for it.  I can't hold your hand through it, but Jeff will certainly extend his as he takes you on a colorful journey of his vast musical talent.
B000000YNZ|5.0|Bill Evans is a musician you never tire of listening to. He has the ability to play a tune freshly, every time. This recording is, in my opinion, his finest. The first date after the untimely death of Scott LaFaro, this album is beautiful ,melodic and haunting. Every tune is played with typical Evans genius, but on this session he seems to be expressing his musical ideas with even more flavor and emotion. The first cut is the most expressive and emotive I have ever heard in the trio setting. I am sure it was dedicated to LaFaro, even though it supposedly is an anagram for the producer of the date, Orrin Keepnews. Evans expresses his passion, joy and grief for his young bassist in every note and the result is, to my mind, stunning. I love Chuck Israels' bass lines and the chords Evans plays quietly over the bass solo are beautiful and ephemeral. Every tune on this CD is wonderful, the playing of everyone is at such a high level of creativity that this music will live on forever. This is a can't miss choice if you like piano music.
0425152251|4.0|I find &quot;Sophie's world&quot; like a comprehensive guide to Western Philosophy.It sort of gave the whole picture. Presented in a more approachable and more 'easy to digest' format.  It provided a general understanding of ethics and reality.  Jostein Gaarder transformed elaborate philosophy into an intriguing puzzle game. Maybe Socrates and Plato would be proud of this too. <br />Before this my knowledge are scattered and incomplete. It gave a briefing to Western Philosophy. <br />Although there're several DRY parts. What I love about it is the way Sophie discover that she is actually a character in &quot;Sophie's world&quot;. That's a groundbreaker to read the character finding out that she is fictional. That make me wonder who i am and just like the first note Sophie found in her mailbox....&quot;who are you??&quot;..<br />I felt that Jostein Gaarder merely created Sophie as a bridge...linking one end(readers) to the other side(great world of complicated Philosophy). Sophie did help to ease the dryness at times. Using a 15 yrs old to ask questions and raise awareness of western philosophy, the character has a vast imagination and dare to ask anything on her mind and things presented in more interesting manners, that's benefiting readers since the subject is so serious.<br />What's so enchanting is that sequencing of events and the linkage of the entire universe through unfolding events. There're so many things and people to relate. Practically everything under the sun were covered.From garden of eden to renaissance plus a touch of modern days....<br />With many educational examples and little stories of life being depicted...they all have morales and double meaning behind them like my fave--example of letting go---that one about the centipede great at dancing but with a few comments from an envious tortoise(asking how she did it with so many legs?),centipede began questioning itself and doubting, never being able to let it go and stop dancing altogether. <br />Philosophy is such a huge topic involved almost everything in the universe. It can be break into many areas. This book help to raise awareness to it.<br />In-depth reading can be obtain through intensive reading by individual era like either early Greeks or Plato , John Locke or the more contemporary Bertrand Russell.  Plato's philosophy is a must for Philosophy reading. His thoughts and dialogues were authentic.<br />All in all,Jostein Gaarder did a marvelous task to summarize history of Western Philosophy into a 500 over pages book.
0553106635|4.0|Like your fantasy long, intricate and full of likeable characters in deathly peril?  Come on down, this book is for you!  I confess, I had to start the series over to find out who was who.  The alliances are changing constantly, and if you were hoping to pick it up as you go along you're likely to drown in incomprhension of the smaller details.  And this book (indeed this series) deserves better than that.  The strands of plot are intricately woven (oh, insert some more cliches, Wen!), and I am looking forward to seeing how it all comes together.  The thing I like most about this series is the way the heroes, well, aren't.  They all have their good and bad sides, and they mostly dislike (to put it mildly) each other, leaving me with no idea who to cheer for.  You'll need to concentrate, but it's worth the effort.
B000021XS0|5.0|OK, I'm not a professional critic and I'm not going to go into the technical aspects of things 'cause I just don't know! I do know that maybe in 25-50 years when they start putting out the best albums of all time again this will definately be there. I still get goose bumps when I listen to this CD!! My wife thinks I'm disturbed, maybe I am, but this CD kicks some serious hiney! The only other CD that I get goose bumps from is Master Of Puppets. Which was in Rolling Stones top 100 of all time a few years ago and I think is THE gretaest compilation of all time..but Scenes From A Memory is making me think about that decision. DT Rules!!!
1878424319|5.0|This book gives you a fresh new way to looking at life and the obsticles way come your way. This book makes sense no matter what religion or background you may come from. It explains in plain english why you should try to make these four new agreements in your life and try to resolve previous ones that may be holding you back in life.
0446604844|1.0|The book was interesting, but to do all that reading and be let down at the end...Very disapointing.
B000002H38|5.0|Sweet love is what will be flowing from the first moments you put this CD on.  It's classic mood music for those romantic times together with your spouse or lover.  This lady of song is smooth and sultry  and her intense vocals are nothing less than perfect on every selection.  Her scat is flawless and hypnotic.  Call her music whatever you'd like... 'adult contemporary', 'pop'  or  smooth jazz.  One thing is for sure, Anita Baker can sing and this CD is the soundtrack of love.  Keep the birth control close by.
B00004YC2F|5.0|This new recording of the Rachmaninoff 3rd Piano Concerto is one of the finest ever made.  The performances of Volodos and the Berlin Philharmonic Orchestra are scintillating.  Unlike the Horowitz/Ormandy recording where Horowitz and Ormandy start out together, go their own ways, and return together at the end, Volodos and Levine are in sync throughout the concerto.  Volodos performs the broader cadenza in the 1st movement which is much more difficult and more sweeping than the first one.  Horowitz would not perform this cadenza feeling it distracted from the climax in the 3rd movement.  I never agreed with Horowitz on this and much prefer this gigantic cadenza.  Volodos' performance of the cadenza, and the whole concerto for that matter, is simply awesome.  The recorded sound is very good for a live recording.<br />The Volodos transcription of the Andante from the Sonata for Cello and Piano in G minor, Opus 19 is beyond description.  It is one of the finest piano pieces I have ever heard.<br />Overall, this is a wonderful Rachmaninoff disc with first-rate performances.  The 3rd Piano Concerto may very well become the standard by which other performances will be compared.  I highly recommend this recording to any lover of great piano music.
B000002LOE|5.0|Their most eclectic album and, deservedly, one of their biggest commercial successes despite being slightly less &quot;pop&quot;-like than their previous album, &quot;Green&quot;.<br />Perhaps best known for the tracks: &quot;Losing my Religion&quot; and &quot;Shiny Happy People&quot;, this album encompasses a wide range of styles - all accompanied by Stipe's ambiguous yet thought-provoking lyrics.<br />Other tracks to stand out include: &quot;Half a World away&quot;, &quot;Low&quot; and the haunting wailing sounds of &quot;Belong&quot;.  This is an album that you'll buy for one or two tracks, but, after some listening, you be listening to it for the other tracks too.<br />This is a landmark album of the 90's.  It not only influenced many bands/musicians including Nirvana (Cobain was a good friend of Stipe), but influenced the (then) new music style of grunge.  <br />Along with Automatic For the People - these albums are regarded by most music connoisseurs as two of the greatest of the 90's and sales figures show that they were popular with the fans too. It is thus not surprising that it is now concidered a classic album.<br />Conclusion: REM's finest moment.
0944379044|3.0|This book is really something that one should take the time for, it is not an easy read, especially not in German, and the book is also not very exciting, it is, after all, a political book. Some people seem offended that I own this book, when they see it on my shelf, some dare not say anything, afraid i might be some kind of neo nazi, but Mein Kampf is one of the best selling books ever published, and it had a great impact on those who read it during it's time of first publishing.<br /> People simply look at Hitler as being this disturbed man, who was just dangerous to everyone, and should never have been alive, but there is more to Hitler than hatred. He had the power to convince millions of people that he could change their economical, social and political situation, he influenced and inspired them. He was a brilliant man, although also said to be mentally ill, possibly schizophrenic.<br /> People are scared of young adults reading Mein Kampf and being influenced by it, but in order to prevent something like this from happening again, we should look at the situation at that time, we can read this book and learn from it, find out what drove Adolf Hitler to this. I believe this is a book more people should read and learn from, instead of fearing it and the man behind it. <br /> But beware, it's not an easy read.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is the Peppers' best effort since Blood Sugar sex magic. In fact it is perhaps, critically, their best album to date yet. <br />Most of the tracks on this album (well, at least the first 7 tunes) are &quot;hit&quot; worthy and I certainly believe that a few years down the line this will be regarded as one of the finest album of the 90's.    <br />For most of the album the peppers stay loyal to their trademark union of rush-punk and funk (as usual Flea's bass dominates many of the tracks), but they also add an almost ballad like verse-chorus scheme for tracks such as Otherside and Californication - which proves extremely effective - yet it never seems as though they are selling out to commercial pop.<br />If you haven't got this album, or even worse - haven't even given it a listen - then I suggest you avoid all embarassment and aquire yourself a copy: because this album is pure class, and people will be talking about it for a long time.
0944379044|3.0|This book is really something that one should take the time for, it is not an easy read, especially not in German, and the book is also not very exciting, it is, after all, a political book. Some people seem offended that I own this book, when they see it on my shelf, some dare not say anything, afraid i might be some kind of neo nazi, but Mein Kampf is one of the best selling books ever published, and it had a great impact on those who read it during it's time of first publishing.<br /> People simply look at Hitler as being this disturbed man, who was just dangerous to everyone, and should never have been alive, but there is more to Hitler than hatred. He had the power to convince millions of people that he could change their economical, social and political situation, he influenced and inspired them. He was a brilliant man, although also said to be mentally ill, possibly schizophrenic.<br /> People are scared of young adults reading Mein Kampf and being influenced by it, but in order to prevent something like this from happening again, we should look at the situation at that time, we can read this book and learn from it, find out what drove Adolf Hitler to this. I believe this is a book more people should read and learn from, instead of fearing it and the man behind it. <br /> But beware, it's not an easy read.
B000000OF6|5.0|I have all of Queen CDs, but this one, it's simply amazing. Here you have recopilated Queen's greatest hits(that's why they call it like so). Please, don't miss some of the best songs like Bohemian Rhapsody, Somebody to love, Now I'm here and Seven seas of Rhye on the first CD and Innuendo, Under Pressure, Headlong, The show must go on and The Miracle on the second CD.<br />The best CDs ever, no doubt.
B00004X01U|5.0|This is one of Madonna's most acheived albums and I'll admit that at first, I was kinda dissapointed, but I came around.  I think the reason I felt that way was because this album is, at least I feel, a big change for Madonna, and even though I am a huge fan of techno/dance music, at first I guess I had my doubts if Madonna could pull it off or not. But this album is a really deep and emotional album with a lot of feelings in it, and the music is truly amazing, no pun intended.  Let me take you through this album on a little deeper level:<br />1.)Music-You all know this song, and it's just a good fun dance song to get any party started off with a bang. 5/5 ~ 3:44<br />2.)Impressive Instant-This song definitely has the techno-ey feel to it and the voice decoder isn't bad, although annoying when overused. Good club song though nonetheless, my only complaint is the lyrics are a little cheesy. 4/5 ~ 3:37<br />3.)Runaway Lover-This is my 2nd favorite song from this album right now and it's a little more away from dance, and a little bit more older Madonna, with a more pop vibe going on, great song with great music. 5/5 ~ 4:47<br />4.)I deserve It-This is probably the song on the album with the most profound and true-to-life almost biographical lyrics for Madonna, and it's not one of my favorites, but I really like the lyrics and the more mellow music.  5/5 ~ 4:23<br />5.)Amazing-This song sounds extremely like a modern &quot;Beautiful Stranger&quot;, which is a good thing, it was a good song, and the lyrics are good too, very danceable. 5/5 ~ 3:43<br />6.)Nobody's Perfect-But Madonna's music comes close. This is actually a very sad song and it's a ballad. This song has great lyrics and really speaks out to me and it's a nice song to listen to. 5/5 ~ 4:58<br />7.)Don't Tell Me-This is my favorite, and it's also her new single. The video is really cool and as always, she still looks great after all these years.  I love the drum beat and just the music overall and the lyrics are also really good. 5/5 ~ 4:40<br />8.)What's It's Like For A Girl-This song is pretty good, but not one of my favorites.  The lyrics are okay, but don't do much for me. The music is really good and her voice is really strong in this one. Overall, this song is still very good. 4/5 ~ 4:43<br />9.)Paradise(Not For Me)-Starts off a little cheesy, but I love the slower, but yet still electronic feel to the music here.  The lyrics are overall very good and I like her voice in this song. 5/5 ~ 6:33<br />10.)Gone-This is a pretty good song, returning to more upbeat music, that is very good. The lyrics are really good in this one also and I like the tune of the song. Good ending for this album. 5/5 ~ 3:25<br />Overall, this is definitely another winner from Madonna, one of her best in my opinion. If you're not completely satisfied at first, trust me, you will end up loving it, especially if you are a hard-core Madonna fan.  And if you're not a big Madonna fan, try out this album, because it's a wonderful new direction for her.  Bottom line is that this album is really good and is must-have music.
0590353403|5.0|&quot;Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone&quot; is a book that can appeal to people of all ages.  With its simple language, it almost becomes an esacpe from reality.  The book is about a boy who finds out he is a wizard and his adventure in his first year in magic school.  The most interesting thing in &quot;Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone&quot; is that the book defies the stereotype of witchcraft.  Instead of witchcraft being thought of as a curse, as thought in the stereotype, in this book, witchcraft is considered to be gift and if you have the gift you are lucky to possese such a gift.   Therefore reading this book will not be a waste of time, but an enjoyable experience that will you keep you on the edge of the seat.
B0000524E5|4.0|My girlfriend told me I had to see this movie, that I would love the &quot;eye candy&quot;.  She was right; I could spend much more time watching these girls dance around.  But in addition to all that, it ends up being a very entertaining movie - fun characters, fun story, fun music.
B00000J7I3|5.0|Simply put, this is a phenomenal rock and roll album.  Not being the biggest Crue fan personally, I think I can say that if the only Crue album you own is this one, you're all set.  Every song on this album, every song, is a masterwork.  The guitars are meaty and bold, unlike therack-mounted sound of their subsequent records.  I hate to say this, but Tommy Lee is the man on this record, he is a monster.  And this album officially has, in my book, the best use of a cowbell in a drumset since Mountain's &quot;Mississippi Queen&quot;.  Really.<br />Not a weak tune on the CD, and since they kept it short, it's all over too quickly.  After the final blast of &quot;Too Fast For Love&quot; and the hanky-jerker ballad &quot;On With the Show&quot;, you are left wanting more!  And more you now get - the bonus tracks on this record are indispensable.  &quot;Tonight&quot; is tight and rocking, yet gorgeously catchy.  &quot;Toast of the Town&quot; is almost better than anything on the real album, a terrific song with a real rhythm kick in the pants and actual dynamics!  That's the thing about the CRue on this record, every song has extreme dynamics, but in a Zep way, not the subsequent 90's-style &quot;now I throw a tantrum&quot; kind of loud-soft dynamic.<br />In short, definitely a must-have record, if you like rock and roll
0446677450|5.0|My Husband loves this book. He's a Financial Advisor who also buys real estate. The people who give this book low reviews are missing the point. The point here is that you don't have to be a member of MENSA to become wealthy. By using his simple strategy, you can become wealthy over time. About the repetition, sometimes you just have to pound a good idea into a thick skull. P.S. All the Advisors in my husband's office read his copy and they also give it two thumbs up.
B00005657Y|5.0|We all love Dave mathews and how could you go wrong w/ a live concert.Definitly recommend the disc.
B00000I0XW|5.0|If you are a Broadway fan, and an Andrew Lloyd Webber lover, this recording is for you. Sarah Brightman is stellar, a true diva in every sense. From the operatic to the more pop tunes, she never sounds the same from one song to the other. I am truly amazed at her range and her interpretations of all the songs. I would recommend this recording to all her fans.
B000051VWW|3.0|Of course I'm a big Sade fan like everyone else who has written a review here and like them I couldn't wait for this long over-due CD. It's a nice sound but just too mellow. It needs some upbeat tempo to balance all the sad love songs. With the musicians she has working for her it should be no problem. Maybe she is just in a down period. Hopefully, she will put something out we can all dance to. The remix by the guy from &quot;everything but the girl&quot; of one of the songs from this CD demonstrates my point
0671798154|4.0|This was my first encounter with Thayer as my guide through the stories in his mind.  I thought i was good but not in the same league as Ludlum, Cussler,Hunter or Sheldon.  The story took up 382 pages...About 42 pages too long.  I didn't  find myself wanting to finish the story until page 380. The last two pages wrapped the story up like I like. Cray went off on too many small excursions the likes that would show Bond a few things. Thayer is not an author I'll  seek out even tho he did redeem himself.
B00004XONN|2.0|I remember when being a &quot;favorite of the critics&quot; meant something.  That was back when the critics actually annointed fresh and interesting music as thier favorites.  I utterly fail to understand the buzz about &quot;Kid A.&quot;  I even more can't get the kudos being given it as being &quot;daring&quot; and &quot;profound.&quot;  Hello?  Have the critics stopped listening to music?  Radiohead is a passable band but lets's face it, they aren't doing anything that  dozens of other bands haven't been doing for years.  &quot;Kid A&quot; is pleasant sounding to a point but without innovation, message or charm.  If you like downbeat electronica you would do better with Thievery Corporation or Low, to name but two.  To name &quot;Kid A&quot; as one of the best of 2000 very poorly reflects on Amazon's critics.  They need to get out more and listen to more music.
0689815816|5.0|.<br />This story has to be one of the more exciting and fun stories for young children. The tempo and rhythm can't fail to grab a child's attention.<br />It's got the perfect mix of pace, suspense and humour.<br />A really neat touch from the illustrator (Helen Oxenbury) is the alternation between color and black and white pages.  The monochrome pages coincide with the recognition of the various obstacles along the way. <br />Another attractive effect is the way the early pages are bright and colorful and as the family gets closer to the bear, the scenes become darker and gloomier. <br />A key scene is where the children's dog comes face to face with the bear. The expressions on the animal's faces are superb.<br />The link between the story and the illustrations is at its best when the family has to quickly retrace their steps with the bear in hot pursuit. To heighten the pace we now get three frames per page.<br />The penultimate page is a double spread with everybody (including the dog) safely at home under the covers.  Meanwhile poor old bear heads off back to his cave.<br />With head down and shuffling along the beach despondently you might just think he wanted to be friends with everybody.
158234082X|5.0|If you are a chef then you must read this to confirm all that you already hold to be self evident, if you are not then you must read this to better understand those who are. I have been working and \\"slaving\\" as a chef for 27 years. Whenever I have related \\"war\\" stories to friends and family they have suggested that it would make a great read, this life of ours. Anthony has done it and done it well.<br /><br />The characters, events and emotions that he relates are real. His ability to show it as it is, and not pull any punches, is admirable. So many \\"civialians\\" go out to eat and never realize the dedication and struggle that is involved in getting that plate to the table, nor should they. He is shamelessly showing you a world that touches everyone and yet is never revealed. This is not the world of floppy hatted clowns with over-sized bellies, but the world of dedicated professionals who toil endlessly under severe conditions to provide you, and themselves, with the joys of food.  This book should be required reading for anyone who aspires to be a chef or restauranteur.
0792153189|2.0|It is inevitable that these two movies be compared, and certainly the acting of Duvall, Freeman etc is superior in Deep Impact compared to Willis, et al, in Armageddon, but I feel Criterion has chosen the correct film to give it's special treatment to.  The subplots are trivial in both, but they are just more entertaining in Armageddon.  The &quot;puppy love&quot; story in DI could scarcely keep the interest of of anyone over age 20. The take on the &quot;modern&quot; astronauts having contempt for the space pioneer character of Duvall rings as false as anything in film.  Current space explorers would react towards Shepherd/Armstrong/Glenn and company the way a young opera company would if Placido Domingo were suddenly assigned to their &quot;team&quot;.  Both films have essentially the same plot: go out to space and &quot;nuke&quot; a meteor before it annihilates humanity.... plan goes awry and self-less sacrifice at the last second saves the day.  I just had more fun watching Armageddon, and movies should either entertain you or make you think. Since neither movie stimulated thought, I'll take Armageddon over DI.
B000000WFU|5.0|This album is truly magical. When I first heard the title songAdiemus, I fell in love and have enjoyed other albums by this group. Ilike all of the other songs on this cd as well. It is mood music,wonderful for those with creative tendencies and artistic minds. Ifyou like Enya, Enigma, Pure Moods, or just New Age music in gerneral,you will love this. It is a spiritual journey and wonderful toexperience.
B00002E233|1.0|Unless Renny Harlin was trying to prove that either A) he's capable of new lows in directing or B) that even &quot;Jaws 3D&quot; wasn't the worst shark movie ever, it's difficult to imagine how this movie made it to theaters with this horrifying hat trick of moronic script, ham-fisted direction and laughable special effects.<br />&quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot; assaults the intelligence, attempts to bore the audience into a stupor, and more or less ignores everything that makes horror movies horrifying.<br />It would take all day to catalog the awfulness of this film, and it's really not worth it. Worse than any movie in last 20 years, save perhaps &quot;Highlander 2.&quot;<br />Under no circumstances should you watch this film. It's not even amusing in its awfulness. It's just plain tripe.
B000051VWW|5.0|I've been a fan for years but always found the first two albums a bit uneven, like she was coming into her own, literally finding her own voice and a mode of expression she was comfortable with. The musical progression is evident: Each album grew softer and the arrangements and words more spare, but the songs became more elegant and evocative. Lovers Rock continues Sade's admirable trajectory of artistic growth. The songs are simple and elegant, the arrangements spare and economical. This serves to accentuate the beauty of the unpolished gem that is Sade's voice: so raw and intimate, as if she understood that beauty and soul lay in the subtlety and nuances of the delivery, not in the demonstrations of vocal range. Her music has often been criticized for its &quot;sameness,&quot; but I suspect those detractors hear Sade without listening, dismissing her because they don't get the directness and grabbing hooks of, say Mariah Carey. Thank God for the many literate reviewers (like those of Time, Rolling Stone, Vibe, and NY Times) who are getting it and giving Sade her due at last.
0399146253|5.0|I absolutely loved this book.  It was wonderful to explore the thoughts and psyche of Scarpetta.  I'll admit that it took a good 30-40 pages to hook me then I couldn't put it down.  After, I finished reading it I had to go back and read Black Notice again, and now I'm reading this one for a second time.  I highly recommend it
B00003XACV|5.0|If you enjoyed the wonderful score for this film, I would definitely recommend purchasing the &quot;film score&quot; rather than &quot;music from the original soundtrack.&quot; The soundtrack contains tracks from The Who, Betty Carter and others. However, only a few of Thomas Newman's excellent film score were included. Buy the &quot;original score&quot; to get the entire real soundtrack from the film. You won't be disappointed.
0441172717|4.0|Ok, I admit it I love science fiction. I love this series, but I would have never gotten into it if I hadn't seen the movie first. This book is a great way to dive further into the Dune unverse but beware it is long and sometimes a bit slow. The following books aren't much better especially if the first one didn't do it for you. I highly recommend this book to anyone who really liked the movie. If you are a science fiction fan who hasn't seen the movie I suggest reading Dune : House Atreides by Brian Herbert, first. Then decide if you want to pursue the series.
0930289234|4.0|I was a freshman away at college in 1986-87 and I still recall as anticipated events the monthly arrival of The Watchmen (which were originally released in twelve issues.) Now fourteen years later my appreciation has only grown; there are elements that impress me now at 32 that I missed as a teenager. This is not a graphic novel that you outgrow; it's one that you grow into.<br /><br />Some of the social issues are outdated, and as a society we're now to an extent concerned with a new set of issues and concerns. However, there are many timeless elements which the series masterfully explores: an individual's responsibility to society, a superpower nation's responsibility for global order, aging, mental illness, and a host of more intimate reflections revealed in the web of personal histories of each of the characters.<br /><br />And on top of all of this, it is a beautiful piece of work to look at. That notwithstanding, you sometimes fail to notice the artwork because it so sea!mlessly tells the story.<br /><br />Note: '86-87was a watershed year in graphic novels in which two Frank Miller series were released as well: Elektra Assassin (with Bill Sienkiewicz's excellent artwork) and The Dark Knight Returns. Both of which I highly recommend as well. In the ensuing years I have not found graphic novels with this depth and originality and have therefore lost interest in the genre, but these three works are still a joy to read!
B000050HTO|3.0|With Christmas coming, Columbia is obviously trying to cash in on Bob Dylan's renewed popularity by releasing &quot;The Essential Bob Dylan,&quot; apparently in an attempt to reach younger, newer fans for whom the three Greatest Hits albums are too skimpy, and for whom &quot;Biograph&quot; is too much.  There wouldn't be too much wrong with this set if the title had been more honest (&quot;The Best of Greatest Hits&quot;?) or the selections more imaginative.  It's nice to see &quot;Everything Is Broken,&quot; &quot;Not Dark Yet,&quot; and &quot;Things Have Changed&quot; on this collection, but otherwise everything here has been recycled repeatedly in other packages, and there is far too much missing that is truly essential for the title to be anything but a joke.  Not only are &quot;It's Alright, Ma (I'm Only Bleeding),&quot; &quot;Visions of Johanna,&quot; and &quot;Blind Willie McTell&quot; nowhere to be found, but one of Dylan's biggest hit singles, &quot;I Want You,&quot; a rather obvious choice for a set like this, has been ignored.  While this falls far short of being &quot;The Essential Bob Dylan,&quot; younger fans may find this a more worthwhile introduction to Dylan's classic work than any of the previous &quot;hits&quot; collections.
0316777722|4.0|The one and only real measure of success for a book like Me Talk Pretty One Day is whether or not it makes me laugh.  And this book made me laugh.<br />The tales are autobiographical and many are so outlandish that you wonder how much artistic license Sedaris takes in his tales of family life.  But the result is consistently on-target, in a strange random kind of way.  I found myself zipping through the lines of text eagerly awaiting the next irreverent insight that would crack me up.   <br />Among my favorite characters: the abusive French teacher (who comments \\"every day spent with you is like having a caesarian section\\") and Sedaris' foul mouthed rap music loving brother who calls himself  \\"the Rooster\\" (many funny Rooster quotes, but none suitable to post in a this review.)<br />There are few books that I've read that have truly made me laugh out loud, and this one ranks among the top.   There is a bit of filler, but overall I was amazed that Sedaris was able to keep it up for the book's 270 page length.  A very funny book.
B00004S6GL|4.0|Elliot Smith is a quality songwriter, there's no doubt about it. Many of the melodies here are the kind that lodge in your subconscious when you're not paying attention and come back to haunt you when you're walking the streets at 7:36 pm or nodding off to sleep at  12:47 am. My one beef is with his voice. As  sweet as it is, it's not a particularly versatile instrument. Sometimes I wish his vocals would cut through the music, as Lennon, Cobain, Dylan and Costello are known to do when the emotional stakes of a lyric are particularly high. That said, many of his compositions, such as Lost and Found and Everything means nothing to me,  are worthy of the company mentioned above.
B000050XEI|4.0|Enya's music continues to amaze and delight me.  Her new CD &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot; is no exception.  I was disappointed, however, in the length of the CD.  The total playing time is only 37 minutes.  I felt cheated.  This is half the playing time of most CDs.  Come on, Enya, give us more.
B000050HTO|5.0|Start with Blood on the Tracks. Or Highway 61 Revisited. Or John Wesley Harding. Or Blonde on Blonde. Or the Basement Tapes. Or Bringing it All Back Home. Or Time out of Mind. Or Live 1966. My point is, as great as the songs on this collection are (hence the 5 stars), the man has a treasure trove of magical musical moments as deep as the Grand Canyon, as mighty as the Ol' Mississip. Many of these gems, such as Simple Twist of Fate, Visions of Johanna, Dear Landlord, or It Takes A Lot to Laugh, It Takes A Train to Cry, or This Wheel's on Fire, have received little or no mainstream airplay over the years. They're just sitting there at your local Tower or HMV or Wiz, waiting to reveal themselves to you. And many of Dylan's albums have a distinct sound and flow that makes them more rewarding than any greatest hits package ever could. To quote Stuck inside of Mobile with the Memphis Blues Again (available on Blonde on Blonde), your debutante knows what you need, but I know what you WANT.
B000002UAF|5.0|This is one of my most cherised Beatles album, and I am familiar with almost every song in their collection, so that says a lot. Audiophiles be warned: I was initally turned off by the very low production quality. But if you listen to the album a few times and get used to it, the songs will be jangling in your head for a long time. SOme of the most melodic and naively enjoyable rock and roll songs from their collection are here. In addition to the well known songs, I was most pleased at how many unfamiliar great songs were on the album:<br />I Should Have Known Better<BR> I'm Happy Just To Dance With You<BR><br />Any Time At All<BR><br />Things We Said Today<BR><br />You Can't Do That<BR><br />If you like poppy rock with great melody and a solid light groove, a must have.
0761957553|5.0|Field's book is simply the best volume written yet for beginning users of SPSS (Statistical Package for the Social Sciences). Unlike most stats or software books, Field uses humor, wit and quirky real world examples to provide an easy and enjoyable read. The version I purchased came with a CD including all the data used in the book's examples. Chapters 1-4 are great primers for stats and Field does eventually take the reader into some more sophisticated analyses including Logistic Regression and Factor Analysis. Step by step instructions are supplemented by screen captures and graphs. This is an invaluable book for anyone faced with the challenge of learning SPSS for a class or for business. I would recommend it over any of the 15 or so books I've read regarding SPSS -- including the official manuals!
B000000M4M|5.0|I will always be grateful to this album, and offerings by Sonic Youth and R.E.M., for slipping that first wedge into the popular music scene that eventually crushed the deplorable New Wave/Glam Rock/Hair Metal axis that dominated late '80s music. The last album from the original Dinosaur Jr, with Lou Barlow on bass, this album was the high-water mark of Dino's earlier work, melding J Mascis' supernatural songwriting talent with Barlow's noise experimentation.  Often called &quot;sludge,&quot; I call it primordial beauty. &quot;Freak Scene,&quot; with its melodic groove and danceable beat, quickly became a college favorite, and many felt it was going to be the band's commercial breakthrough.  It's a tune you'll love no matter what your tastes. My own favorite track, &quot;Yeah We Know,&quot; has a pulse-pounding triple-beat, with one of those melancholy Dino choruses where J Mascis manages to make you feel his pain even if you don't know what the hell he's talking about.  In general, the first five tracks (original Side 1), have more structure and melody, while the remaining tracks tend to be sludgier, less coherent and more experimental.  This is a must-have for any serious music fan.
0887308589|5.0|The fact that most people find this book so funny and so good is probably that they can indentify with a of lot of the contents. Doesn't that in fact mean that the world is a lot of trouble and that everything could be running so much better and more smoothly? On the other hand it would probably be so boring too, wouldn't it...?
B000002U8U|5.0|You just cannot have a full collection of rock &amp; roll without this early offering from one of the last great rockers.  He was doing (here, and elsewhere) what some call 'blue collar rock' before The Boss made so wildly popular.  <br />This album is a killer. &quot;Still The Same&quot;, &quot;Famous Final Scene&quot; are harbingers of his potential.  His rendition of &quot;We've Got Tonight&quot; is a sweet song of seduction.  The masterpiece, however, is &quot;Hollywood Nights&quot; which may be one of the greatest hard driving pure unadulterated rock &amp; roll songs ever laid down.  Play this in the car, and get another 10 m.p.h out of any vehicle!
0553573403|5.0|This book is refreshing.  I have read fantasy for years, but this book, along with a select few, is unique (others Winter Warriors, by David Gemmel, The Rifwar Saga by Raymond Feist).  This fantasy novel is more politics and characters instead of monsters and quests.  None of the characters quest for magical items (not that this is bad, it just that every fantasy books tends to do this).  Martin's main concerns in this book are with character development and plotting.  At the end of this book so much has happened and characters have developed so much, it is almost too much to absorb.  Unlike Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time series where you read 800 pages and then sit back and recall only 1 event that happeded that really moved the story forward (I do like Jordan), this book is full of great adventure, political manuvering, and unexpected events. Read this book for a new type of fantasy--politcal.  Monsters are around but they are people.  This is an adult fantasy, some children should be warned not read this is.  It is quite adult.  This book also does not fall into the heroic fantasy area.  People act logically.  The hero does not always make it.  This book showed me again that fantasy can be original.
0679879269|1.0|This is a book that has some truly wonderful moments, but to end this wonderful trilogy like this, is a tragedy. I would never recommend this series again, simply because the ending is so awful.  The last third of the book almost made me cry because it dropped the ball on so many levels.  If you've read the first two, stop there, it will just disappoint you.
B000002H33|5.0|CLIFF IS YOUR MASTER! Since Cliff has left us, Metallica is just another band. Just imagine if Cliff was hear? Would they sound  bad like St. Anger? Load, Re-Load, S&M(Violins and tubas? WTF!!) I, personally miss Cliff and his neck-breaking headbanging. Head low, hair flairing with that loooooong neck bass! Cliff Rules!
B00004X01U|2.0|Okay, I've totally loved everything Madonna has done up todate.  Ray of Light was an awesome CD.  Erotica was great. And we'llbe listening to her 80's songs for many years to come. But I'm verydisappointed with Music.  The only tracks that I enjoyed are Music,Impressive Instant and Runaway Lover, but only because they have agood beat.  The rest of the tracks are really lacking in anysubstance.  Nothing impressive with either vocals or the music.  I'mreally disappointed when Madonna goes from a great album like Ray ofLight and then brings out this CD. CD's like this are the reasonNapster is out there...so I can listen to all the songs and see thatthere are only 3 good tracks out of 10, I wouldn't have wasted the[money].
0201633612|5.0|It might not be easy to really make the transition from imperative to object oriented programming, but if you are trying to do this, plan to try to do this, or for whatever are forced to try and do this, you *must* own and have read this book. That's my simple opinion.<br />For a lot of people this book take as a whole might be a bit to much. After all, its basically an introduction of the concept(s) involved and then 'just' a kind of catalog of OOP design patterns that have proven themselves in multiple practical projects before. The book does not actually take you by the hand and try to teach you something per se. But if OOP is important to you, and even if this book is too much for you at this point in time, I think it best to at least come in contact with it as soon as possible (=now) and keep coming back to it. You will feel the whole concept clicking into place soon enough, especially getting you hands dirty on some practical examples and actually seeing them work and seeing what benefits the use of the design patterns can bring you.<br />(If you're a VisualBasic programmer, you might benefit a lot from 'Microsoft Visual Basic Design Patterns (Microsoft Professional Series)' by William Stamatakis as well...)
B00004T9UF|5.0|I actually won this CD in a contest and even though I am a hard rock fan, I just have to say this is a masterpiece!  This album is a lot more darker and maturer than his last one, but he still manages to keep his witty, sacarstic, and pleasantly vulgar style intact. He raps about obssessed fans, drugs, media, and of course his wife, Kim (although violently, check out &quot;Kim&quot;). There are even a few skits scattered throughtout the album, as was on his last one. &quot;Ken Kaniff&quot; is just hilarious. Eminem is making fun of the Insane Clown Posse again! In this one, the Posse have quite an intimate time with each other, and the mood ultimately changes when Shaggy utters the word,&quot;Eminem.&quot; Just hilarious! There's also a short skit of Eminem doing a bankjob during &quot;Criminal&quot; and he walks off with the command,&quot;Don't kill anybody!&quot; Ha. Eminem doesn't take lip from anybody!  All in all, this is a great album for all hip hop fans alike. It is certainly Eminem's greatest work. Get it now!
0312857063|3.0|In starting off my review i should probably say that i think this book really only deserves about 2.5 stars, but because of Amazons ratings limititations i decided to err on the generous side and give the book 3.<br />The realitively low rating i give the book and my own personal feelings of dissatisfaction towards 'Stone of Tears', are due to several reasons.<br />The first of these is the sheer length of the book, 'Stone of Tears' is over 1050 pages long. Yet despite this length, the action only really gets going around page 600, with much of the previous bit of the book spent on largely unnecesary characterisation that seems to do not very much to advance the plot. <br />This excessive length is made worse by (and/or caused by) the disjointed rambling nature of the plot. The story seems to crawl for the first 600 pages, at which point it then seems to take drugs and proceeds to race the characters through 2 seperate major conflicts awfully fast and unsatisfactorily. The author seems to spend little time fleshing out the background world around these plotlines and even less building up the conflicts into the gritty enthralling fights for life we expect from other authors such as George R.R Martin, Robert Jordan, Janny Wurts and even Raymond E Feist. Indeed the main characters seem to spend little time dealing with the &quot;big issues&quot; and seem to have little trouble (either morally or practically) in winning and resolving all the conflicts they are presented with. To make things worse the book has a wildly fast forwarded conclusion spaced over the last 70 pages of the book where the main character Richard solves 3 epic problems, zips around half the world and has a passionate reconciliation with his beloved. This gives the conclusion the distinct feel of something that was written hastily to try and bring to an end a book that was already much too long and going no where. <br />The substance of the plot isnt all that much better either with too much cheap prophecy, enemy armies materialising out of nowhere, little plot situation background and a rather depresing lack of originality at certain points. However despite this there is still more than enough action and exitement, combined with a bit of practical philosophy/wisdom for a moral to make the book readable.<br />I personally believe this all probably indicates a lack of pre-planning by the author about where the books plot and indeed series is heading.<br />Another reason the 'Stone of Tears' isnt exactly my cup of tea, is the excessive Sado-eroticisim (to copy another reviewers phrase) in the book. There are several quite disturbing scenes that serve to advance the plot very little, with any benefit to be gained by them quickly undermined by Mr Goodkinds lack of characterisation and time spent developing character interaction, especially at the abbey of the sisters of light (he fails dismally to create a sense of suspense and mystery there). Another issue is the seemingly excessive amount of rape and violence towards women that occurs in the book, which he almost sees to trivalise through the sheer amount of it and his rather simplistic treatment of it. This is made probably worse by Mr Goodkinds rather clumsy and simplistic statement on abortion that occurs in chapter 43. Indeed it makes one wonder whether most of the sex scenes were added primarily by Mr Goodkind for his own jollies ( A recent South park episode featuring Mr Garrison and his book 'The valley of Penises' comes to mind).<br />This all has the effect of making the book seem heavy going, confusing, shallow, disturbing at times and ultimately rather unsatisfying when compared other epic authors. However despite all this the book is still an mildly entertaining read and I will still probably read the other 4 books in the series, if for no other reason than a lot of other people seem to have enjoyed them
0380973464|3.0|I purchased a first edition of Cryptonomicon after reading the dust jacket. Being a technical person and an individual who enjoys cryptography and history, the book looked enjoyable.  The book itself is packaged nicely with frayed parchment pages and an impressive cover.<br />After getting sixty or so pages into the book, I finally found the author's rhythm.  It is an enjoyable mix of fiction, the here and now, with some history tossed in to fit the dual plot line. Mr. Stephenson has written an inventive techno-thriller with this novel. The characters are somewhat stereotypical in certain places, but overall are believable. The reader's &quot;trust&quot; in the author's research of history and technology is also tested.  I enjoyed it for the most part right up to the end.<br />The conclusion seemed forced as to fit a preconceived notion of the ending.  Mr. Stephenson also needs a proofreader.  I saw at least seven typographical errors.  These are things are hopefully fixed in later editions.  <br />Overall, it is a fair read, although it bogs down in a few places.  If you buy the hardback, you will have an excellent book for your bookshelf or coffee table, otherwise wait for the paperback.
B00000DF6O|5.0|This is a great blues CD. BB's guitar tone and playing is simply magnificent. So easy to listen to. Please if you like blues get this CD. You can see why this guy is a legend.
B00004Z459|5.0|When I first heard &quot;One Step Closer&quot; on Q101, my first reaction was 'Who is this band?' the very next day when I went to the mall with my friends, I was upset to find that Best Buy was sold out of Linkin Park. When I went back the next day, and saw that they had it, I was ecstatic. I went home and listened to the entire album. My personal fave song on this album is &quot;With You&quot;, but &quot;In the End&quot; and &quot;Pushing Me Away&quot; are close seconds. There isn't a song on here that I don't like. &quot;Papercut&quot; and &quot;Runaway&quot; are also very good. All in all I give this album a 5 star review.
1577311523|5.0|Simply the best, clearest, simplest form of this information that I have ever come across. This book is life changing, in a dramatically subtle way. Tolle dispenses his soul medicine in the most humble and serene manner, and in the process introduces us to a magical New World, the world of Truth. Brilliant.
0425074811|5.0|An excellent read, thought-provoking and guaranteed to make you say &quot;hmmmmmmm, I wonder?&quot;  Any [person] out there who still believes our one lousy planet is the only place intelligent life exists will not have the capability of fully appreciating this book.  This book is a must read for those who don't discount the possibility that intelligent life exists outside the confines of our little planet.  If you are one of those [people] who think that there definitley IS life out there, but there's no possible way that they have visited us (because we're so far away), save your money - you will make a great pet for the Aliens.
0553106635|3.0|I loved the first two books.  Unfortunately, this one is a lot like them.  Same basic story of competitors for the throne with flashes of foreboding of &quot;the Others.&quot;  This time, Martin needed a good editor.  There's endless wandering about the woods in a grey rain (or snow) with characters arriving at sites just after other characters left or passing one another in the night.  And this goes on for the first half of the book (500 pages!).  A good editor could have cut this part down quite a bit.  A lot was unnecessary and self-indulgent and didn't add anything.  <br />In the second half, things pick up quite a bit and the story really kicks in.  It's well-written, engaging, and surprising.  Wonderful, in fact.<br />I hope the next book picks up where this one left off, rather than taking the first half to set the tone yet again.  While I will buy the next book, I don't anticipate it with the same eagerness I had before book 3.  I'm afraid I won't get to the second half next time.
B00004XONN|4.0|I think Radiohead is a ingenius band.  Pablo Honey and OK Computer are both masterpieces for UK Rock, and music in general, but this album is dificult for me.  OK Computer is certainly a hard album to follow, so in trying to be objective...  This is a creative masterpiece; unlike anything before it.  I believe this will spawn entire new types of Rock music; however, I'm not used to it quite yet.  I have given it a number of listens and I find it deep and interesting, but somewhat depressing (not that Radiohead has ever been very uplifting).  As though I really have no idea what the music meant (I suppose I didn't really know on their past albums either, but at least I thought I did).<br />So after my list of random thoughts I will simply say this is a creative masterpiece, and must own for music lovers and Radiohead fans, but it will probably not sell like OK Computer, and if you just want more Karma Police, or Creep, you should look elsewhere.
0399146253|5.0|Patricia Cornwell's last book &quot;Black Notice&quot; left me, as many of her other fans, a bit disappointed. There was less of the usual complexity, the unexpected twists and turns in the plot, the richness of the characters. Like her heroine, Kay Scarpetta, the reader had not recovered from Benton Wesley's death, and Black Notice offered no relief, not many explanations and no insight into Kay's dealing with the loss of her lover. In &quot;the last precinct&quot; we finally get all of the above and much more. It is a very gratifying book on every level. We find out many new sides to Kay's character and revisit her relationship with Wesley on the backgound of a harrowing tale that picks up where the last book left off. It seamlessly leads us into a complex darkness we suspected but did not find in &quot;Black Notice&quot; where solutions seemed too obvious to be really true. As the story races on and we are drawn in deeper and deeper we realize that &quot;Black Notice&quot; was really the beginning of another great multi-novel story as Cornwell has crafted before when she created the evil Temple Gault character, Kay's nightmare that ended in a NY subway. Cornwell also skillfully builds new charcters on the good side of events: there is the prosecutor from New York and the psychiatrist friend who we will undoubtedly meet again. At the end of this extremely involving and suspenseful story we are once more, as in her best books so far, left craving for more and wondering where Kay will go next and what darkness lies around the corner.
B00004XQP4|4.0|I've been a Green Day fan for a long time and own all their stuff (I think).  This is a departure from previous material in a significant way.  Yes, the tunes are more introspective, mature, blah blah blah.  But more importantly is the differece in the guitar. Don't expect the manic sharp power chords of previous material.  The guitar is now closer to a Days of the New-like sound.  Also, the bass line is much thicker than in the past.  Adsent is the rapid fire punk fury.  Cool but different.
B000002GBJ|5.0|Put simply, this album is THE album from Mr Wakeman. I love virtually everything he has ever done, but his first three albums are still his best three albums, and &quot;6 Wives&quot; is the best of them all. It has not aged in nearly 30 years and can still be listened to almost as if for the first time.  When it was first released it broke barriers of inventiveness and originality, both in terms of genre and of sound. Rick's playing sounds good on any keyboard, but with this album you are taken through the best of all the keyboards available back in 1973 (and, frankly, they are still the best). A masterpiece.
B00004XOWM|1.0|Fred has done it again. By far the worst album ever.This is not metal it is a stupid combination of the worst music genres,rap,pop,and rock. I cant express my anger to its full extent,but ill try. I HATE you Fred. Fred is an ego maniac each song must mention his worthless name.LIMP BIZKITS IN THE HOUSE.I wanna push fred in the mud.Soon fred will have no home.DIE FRED DIE
0380788624|5.0|I know barely enough about computers to get to the Amazon website.  My idea of cryptology is the NYT acrostic. But I loved this book.  Couldn't put it down.  Yes, it is long, yes the plot is not well defined.  Some of the earlier reviewers believe those are shortcomings.  They would have Stephenson edit the material and get to the point.  But the point is the side trips, the digressions, the descriptions.  For example the mathematically inclined Waterhouse family divide up the furniture of an elderly relative who is moving into a facility by placing the furniture on a chart in a parking lot graphing who wants what piece more against what a piece is worth so that everyone comes out equal.  That's not necessary to the plot.  But I was glad it was in the book.  Nor is the set up of Charlene absolutely necessary.  But it was damn funny. So one character dies and then shows up again 50 years later.  So the end is forced.  It's a good read, one of the few books I've read lately that was good enough that I've wanted to set aside everything else I was doing to get back to it.
0385484518|4.0|Tuesdays with Morrie consists of life lessons and real values that a person could utilize to exercise a better living environment.  This book exudes constant inspiration to recognize and pursue the more important things in life. Morrie Schwartz gives the guidelines to understanding death and dying in a matter that permits you to live better.    By Mitch Albom visiting Morrie and learning the lessons Morrie had to teach, his life was changed dramatically.  Reading Tuesdays with Morrie will definitely teach you more about life, living and dying, and will change you in a way you will be highly grateful for and will never forget.
B000007O9L|5.0|Listening to this one, it really sounds like the Stones decided to do a live album, but they would play what they really liked playing, where they most liked playing - a small sweaty club. Like one of the other reviewers said, it's like inviting them into you living room, though I'd also say that presupposes you've using some pretty good gear.  They're having fun, and it comes across.  It's one of the very few cases where the live recording sounds better than the originals, though that may be a matter of taste.  I think maturity of the respective band members may have something to do with it also, and the effect of reduced scotch and bourbon consumption on Micks vocal cords...  The recording quality is also a lot better than on most of the originals, say what you want about Exile on Main St., great Album, but the quality of the recording is not wonderful, the versions of Sweet Virginia and Dead Flowers on this CD are as good blues as you will hear anywhere.  On this one, assuming you play it on Audiophile gear, you can really hear that it's a decent recording.  It's far and away my most listened to Stones album.  it's a run through some of the best stuff they ever did, playing them because they want to and playing them where they have the most fun, and they sound the best, in a small club in Amsterdam mostly.
B0000024SI|5.0|Astonishing.  Desolation Row is relentelessly appealing. Desolation Row, to me, is a fantastic collection of imagery that tells tale after tale of people, experiences and ideas that are messed up in some twisted way. Listen to the song and visualize.<br />I've listened to Bob Dylan for 12 years and still find him just the most gifted songwriter, poet and lyricist there is. I say this not to demean other gifted writers, but to express how brilliant his music is on so many levels.<br />Again, astonishing. Thanks.
0671042858|5.0|&quot;The Girl who Loved Tom Gordon&quot; is an excellent novel.  Stephen King has done a great job with this one.  It isn't the typical horror story, rather, it is... Unnerving.  It gave me an uneasy feeling as I read it.  This story is about a girl who gets lost in the woods during a hike because she had to pee.  Her constantly arguing mom and brother didn't take notice of her momentary leave.  When she is finished, she begins walking but never finds the path.  Now her only connection to the outside world is her walkman, which she uses to listen to baseball games where Tom Gordon is up.  She is forced to survive the horrors of the woods - deadly snakes, swarms of stinging wasps, thousands of biting misquitoes, thick murky bogs, and many other dangers.  The story was worded to strike horror the the reader's heart.  The story's ending will leave you thinking for days.  This book is MOVING, and it was very enjoyable to read.  I may even read it again some day.  The effect is a grand one.
0451191153|5.0|Rand's view that our own creations breathe some form of ourselves underlies the story in The Fountainhead. When others cannot create in the same way, they look to squelch it. A novel of true creativity and individualism. Worth a good, long read.
B000051VWW|4.0|I have simply been moved so quickly by this new effort by Sade. By Your Side speaks to me so eloquently. I truly recommend this cd to anyone looking for lush beats, amazing vocals and simple yet meaningful lyrics. If only popular music today was filled with gems like Sade, listening to popular radio wouldn't be quite as painful.
0060977493|5.0|The writing in this book is finer than in any I have ever read. Ms. Roy has an incredible sense of touching the reader in a way I have never experienced. Her analogies are truly brilliant. She allows you to connect deeply to the characters and understand them in a way that makes you feel that you are part of them. Absolutely stunning writer, a must read for all.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|What is most striking about this record is that not a single song from Sgt. Pepper ever made it to #1!  One surely cannot criticize this collection. All the selections are, of course, great.  But it really is quite amazing that such songs as Lucy In the Sky Of Diamonds, A Day In The Life and For The Benefit Of Mr. Kite never topped the charts!
0684135051|5.0|I love Elizabeth's chatty and down to earth style of writing.  I also love the homespun look of the book, published right in their own &quot;schoolhouse press&quot;.  I like her teaching style and the attitude of never taking anything too seriously, especially knitting!  It has been a fun &quot;obsession&quot; for me too.  It's my therapy as well.  I just finished my first adult sweater and proudly wear it and accept the many compliments.  I have already been inspired by &quot;EZ&quot; to create several sweaters for my twin baby girls and a moebius vest and two moebius scarves.  I'm just sad that I discovered the joy of Elizabeth Zimmerman after her death, and I have to wait to get to heaven to sit down and share knitting with her.  This book is just a little bit of &quot;heaven&quot; for me and a great learning experience as I allow my creative juices to flow through the fiber and the needles to make many more lovely things.  God bless Elizabeth and her time honored joy in the craft of knitting.  God bless Meg Swanson in carrying on her mother's great legacy.
0060920084|3.0|Perhaps so, but in a good natured &quot;poke-in-the-ribs&quot; sort of way.<br />Born and raised in Iowa (&quot;I come from Des Moines. Somebody had to.&quot;), Bryson left the plains to live in England. He returns to write about the land of his childhood. What results is an engagingly humorous look of the world he left behind through his (now) foreign perspective.<br />In the great American tradition of the road trip, Bryson - sans screaming kids - decides to venture forth to document the America he knew and offer insight on what's changed.<br />The book is divided into two trips. One going east, through Ohio, the deep south (&quot;Welcome to Mississippi, we shoot to kill&quot;), through New England back to Des Moines. The other going west to Nebraska, New Mexico, California etc. Through his trips, Bryson details his elusive search for Amalgam, the imaginary utopian American town comprising of hte desirable characteristics of the various towns visited. <br />While offering some astute observations, he unashamedly resorts to harp on the stereotypical which while occasionally funny, gets tiresome after awhile. Admittedly, while Bryson is one of many who have attempted this sort of transcontinental travel writing (think &quot;Travels with Charley&quot; by Steinbeck), his brand of humor is immediately recognizable to an American audience. <br />American readers who might be a tad offended by his travelogue might want to read his take on England as well. <br />One of the better books in the humorous travel writing genre, if there's one.
B000008M54|5.0|You could turn off the heat in your house in the middle of winter--just play this CD and you'll warm the place up.  This album might not have the Waterboys' strongest singles, like &quot;Church Not Made With Hands&quot;, &quot;The Whole of the Moon&quot; or &quot;Life of Sundays&quot; which are found on other albums, but this is perhaps their strongest, most cohesive effort.  There is so much musical, lyrical and emotional depth and range in these songs, and they all fit together so well.  Like all great artists, although you can detect the influences (folk, punk, rock, Irish Traditional, soul), the Waterboys don't slavishly imitate any of them--this is a really strong, unique, original interpretation, and the whole is much greater than the sum of the parts. There's a dark edge to tracks like &quot;We Will Not be Lovers&quot;, &quot;World Party&quot;, and &quot;When Will We Be Married?&quot;, a vibrant celebration of life in &quot;Fisherman's Blues&quot;, a melancholy wistfulness in &quot;When Ye Go Away&quot; and &quot;The Stolen Child&quot;, and a &quot;having a few pints in the pub&quot; sense of nostalgia and humor in &quot;Has Anybody Here Seen Hank?&quot; and &quot;A Bang on the Ear&quot;.  This album is just so rich--one of my all-time favorites.
0684853523|5.0|No writer can read this book without gaining deeper insights into the craft. Like a kindly neighbor handing out Halloween treats, Stephen King drops precious gems into our bags without even asking who is knocking at the door. Mr. King's personal courage to bare his own soul, for the benefit of others, is exemplary. Writers, don't write another word until you have read this book. If it doesn't keep you awake all night, the way King's novels should, then keep your day job.  FIVE STARS ARE NOT ENOUGH!
0060926317|5.0|I am only 16 years old, but after reading this book you will learn that age is merely a number that modern society inflicts upon us to rate our maturity.  This book changed my life.  I view society, the world, and people completely differently.  I cannot explain how.  We have all heard the accusations of this book being fraud.  It does not matter.  This book will make you treat people better, and give you a higher understanding of the way things really are.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|These are the songs that the disc jockeys played constantly as the Beatles took over the world of popular music. Remember that most fans first heard these originals in monoaural, and via the narrow frequencies of AM radio or short-wave radio. The digital remixes are brilliant because the engineers had to bring antiquated recording technology to life - without compromising the quality that we now expect when we buy a CD. Therefore, this album succeeds in its purpose to take you back to the early 1960's with one of the greatest bands of all time. Perhaps the reason this album does not include much material from the really great albums is the fact that the really great albums shouldn't be fragmented and ought to be enjoyed in their entirety. This is a &quot;must have&quot; for every Beatles fan, so if you can only have one for now, this is the ONE.
B000002LK1|5.0|Depeche Mode outdid themselves when they released \\"Violator\\".  There isn't a single song that I don't like on this album.  \\"The Sweetest Perfection\\", in my opinion, is the weekest, but it is still a great song.  This album also released several songs that brought Depeche Mode into the Top 40 charts with \\"Personal Jesus\\" and \\"Enjoy the Silence\\" (although they did have some success earlier with \\"Never Let Me Down Again\\").  The album's mood is wonderfully mellow somewhat like \\"The Cure - Disintigration\\".  The music isn't overly upbeat, but isn't all that depressing either.  This is the band's last album that uses synth only.  I've gone for days with songs from this album in my head.  Songs like \\"Clean\\", \\"Halo\\", and \\"Policy of Truth\\" get stuck in my head and I don't mind at all.  This is a great album for synth lovers.  David Gahan and Martin Gore share vocals and both outdo themselves.
B000000FG8|5.0|If only every punk band could take a pointer or two from these four wizards of the punk rock industry.  If the Sex Pistols started the punk rock movement, then OpIvy revolutionized it.  Never has a band done so much for the music and had as big of an influence as they did.  One of a kind, amazing, catchy, brilliant and a classic for millenia.  Buy this or you will never know what good music is.
B000002H72|5.0|I knew this was going to be a great album when I heard the first track &quot;Debaser&quot;.  This album is the epitomy of the Pixies.  It defines them.  It uses so many wonderful elements.  Songs like &quot;Debaser&quot;, &quot;I Bleed&quot;, &quot;Monkey Gone to Heaven&quot;, and &quot;Number 13 Baby&quot; use Kim Deal's backing vocals to perfection.  There are so many songs on this album that stick with you.  Song's like &quot;Gouge Away&quot; and &quot;Here Comes Your Man&quot; can get stuck in your head real easily.<br />It is a shame that the Pixies broke up.  I would liked to have seen them in concert.
0385484518|5.0|After reading &quot;Tuesdays With Morrie&quot; I had a total different view of life. This book helped me to realize that I needed to look at life in a different aspect. It's about death, love and not revolving your life around material things. After reading this book it brought me closer to a lot of family I haven't talked to in awhile. My family and I have become much closer and I thank this book. I no longer look for the wrong in people, but instead let love flow. It makes one realize that death is not the end, but a learning experience. It makes one realize that love should break through any emotion no matter what has previously happened. This was the best book I have ever read in my life. It will help anyone see the good in life, instead of the bad.
B000002H70|5.0|I had already heard &quot;Love Song&quot; and &quot;Pictures of You&quot; before I bought this album and was impressed by both of them, but this album has so much more than those two songs.  The first song you hear is &quot;Plainsong&quot; which starts with this orchestra of synthesizer that is absolutely wonderful.  I feel that &quot;Plainsong&quot; in itself is worth buying the album.  But there is more.  All the songs flow from one to the next magically and all are wonderful.<br />The tone of the music is upbeat like earlier songs such as &quot;Lovecats&quot; or &quot;Caterpillar&quot;, but they aren't as depressing as the songs off of &quot;Seventeen Seconds&quot; or &quot;Faith&quot;.  The songs are wonderful to have in the background of any setting.  There are some songs that aren't so mellow.  The self titled song &quot;Disintigration&quot; is rather fast paced and &quot;Fascination Street&quot; has a little more of an upbeat feel.<br />This is an album that I can listen to no matter what kind of mood I'm in.  I urge you to give it a try.
0679879269|5.0|Pullman has written a beautiful novel, his meticulous editor must also be worth a mention, and I read the whole thing in two sessions interrupted only by work. Reading is always a pleasure but a finely crafted piece like this is a special treat. Pullman summarises his work ethic as &quot;Read like a butterfly, write like a bee.&quot; It is easy to see that this novel must have required a lot of both types of insect behaviour. My 12 year old daughter, for whom I bought it ;-) loved it and considers the series among her favourites, well up with Harry Potter and William Horwood's Duncton novels. I note with dismay that a significant number of reviewers marked this book down because of the theme, which does not support their Judeo-Christian viewpoint. Sad really; the Koran doesn't get criticised for differing from someone else's views. I suggest that, unless you are unable to tolerate alternative viewpoints, this is a great work, with a very positive message, well up to Pullman's usual extraordinary standard and you will consider it well worth the price of purchase. This is not a religious novel so don't read it as such. A word to those who have not read the preceding volumes; buy all three now, read them one after the other. This is a story in three volumes and deserves to be read as such. I wish there had been books like this when I was a child.
B00000DBXL|5.0|This album and the first two are some of the best albums i've ever experienced. CAKE are a truly talented and top class act who are releasing a new album in the spring of 2001(hopefully)-definatly one to buy, it'll be much more of the same i'm sure!! Very exciting!!
B00004RHZU|4.0|this is my favorite cd now after listening to it just a few times. i like her ghetto voice and image. she is NOT just another pop singer she is WHERE IT'S AT. buy it. p.s. i took off 1 star because of the song &quot;love is such a crazy thing&quot;
B000002H2H|5.0|Sorry for my double post. A mistake.
B00004Z511|1.0|I had finally found the perfect band.  No love songs &amp; three guitarists....complicated layers of melody/harmony etc. I waited for 2 YEARS for a new issue from musicians that always put me in a state of AWE.  I bought KID A. Listened to it 20 times(on headphones, in the car, alone, with others, etc. I hated it more and more.  I love it more now that I have 1) converted the disc into a very stylish clock &amp; 2) purchased all the expensive import stuff by radiohead that I didn't have before.  I wish they hadn't become so ordinary in their attempts to be different.
B00004Y7SF|4.0|Frankly I can't understand the views of those Grinches who have criticised this CD because it isn't traditional enough, or because of the way Christina Aguilera sings.  Wake up--its a Christina Aguilera album, and the titles of the pieces are listed on the back!  If you want Barbara Streisand, get HER album!  But if you enjoy Christina's singing, this is mostly a terrific recording.  Yes, she does melismas (several notes to a single syllable) quite often--not on every syllable, as some would have it; and if you don't like this kind of florid, jazz/gospel based style you should stay far away.  But she does it superbly, and she varies the tone color of her voice to great effect.  This CD reminds me quite a lot of Mariah Carey's Christmas CD--at first I thought it was almost indistinguishable.  But as I listen to it more and more, I respect and enjoy it more and more.  True, as someone wrote, this isn't a CD to put on to open presents to, but it is great for a Christmas party.  Personally I didn't care for one track at all--Xtina's Xmas (and shouldn't that have been Xina's Xmas, anyway?) and it is curious that the credits for this song are very scanty indeed.  But Merry Christmas, Baby more than made up for the miscue.  Five of the 11 tracks are &quot;traditional&quot; Christmas songs, including two versions of The Christmas Song--and none of them are done simply.  Christina does apply her vocal pyrotechnics profusely.  But to my mind this is one of the best, most interesting pop Christmas CDs in years.
B00001SIES|5.0|magazine &quot;real life&quot;: great vocals &amp; killer guitar. xtc &quot;go 2&quot;: great vocals &amp; killer guitar. radiohead &quot;the bends&quot;: great vocals &amp; killer guitar. muse &quot;showbiz&quot; ....leckie has the incredible knack for making sure that the important things aren't overlooked. the bands don't give him anywhere near the credit he deserves. I compare his contribution to the landmark works of all these bands loosely to the contribution that George Martin so quietly made to the Beatles. (ok ok, I'm old but never lost my teenage spirit). Sorry, I digress.  After the CRUSHING disappointment I felt with the release of KID A, listening to Muse on headphones reminded me that as soon as Brit musicians start getting too full of themselves there are younger ones ready to take over.  Showbiz is the CD I listen to daily.  I made a rather snazzy clock out of KID A.  Let's keep it in perspective.  Thanks.  I feel better now.
B000002A46|5.0|Mariah Carey has an incredible voice with an astonishing range and truly remarkable techincal flexibility, capable of stunning expressiveness, and she shows it off to full effect in this terrific Christmas CD. However, if you are a purist and just want these songs in their traditional presentations, this is not for you. Mariah brings her own (and apparently her ex-husband's) taste to these pieces; fortunately (to my ear) she had not at the time gotten deeply involved with rap. This is gospel-influenced, with the best pop production values overlaid. One somewhat odd note--several of the pieces are rather melancholy, particularly Christmas (Baby Please Come Home)--(in regard to the words, that is)--and Miss You Most (At Christmas Time). Although these terrific tunes give the CD some emotional contrast, they screw it up as a happy thing to put on while opening presents under old Tannenbaum. But for a Christmas party, this CD can't be beat. If you like this one, you'll probably also like Christina Aguilera's My Kind of Christmas, which is amazingly similar--almost too much so.<br />And by the way, you're supposed to notice that &quot;Mariah Carey&quot; and &quot;Merry Christmas&quot; have the same initials. There are some cute pictures of her in a Santa suit pal-ing around with Rudolph...How can you even think of passing this one by?
0385484518|5.0|I think that Tuesdays with Morrie is an inspirational story about the 78 year old man that wasn't a celebrity, wasn't a well known mind but was an ordinary man that had to face life's greatest challenge, death.In doing so, he touched and affected the lives of everyone he knew and changed their lives forever. This is a book that has no problem keeping the readers interest and fills the reader with anticipation of what the next chapter holds. This book puts many of life's questions into a new perspective and a simple one at that. I suggest that you read this because it is an excellently written book that is an inspiring story that will leave you with a connection to Morrie emotionally and maybe even a better sense of life's biggest concerns.
B000050XEI|3.0|Given the length of time between CD releases I would have thought Enya could have given us more than the measly 34 minutes of music she provides on this release. There's no excuse for anything less than 45 minutes or so of new music on todays large capacity CD's. I suspect she's been suffering from a creativity lapse. Whats there is certainly pleasant to listen to, but there's nothing new here; just the same format as her earlier CD's.
B000002HH2|4.0|A                                                    challenging record that's worth the                                                    effort. &quot;Army of Me&quot; and &quot;Isobel&quot;                                                    are favorites and the big band                                                    arrangements and trademark                                                    mysterious weirdness make it                                                    stylistically diverse.
0789420708|5.0|My daughter and I have been reading (and re-reading!) the DK Classics (of which &quot;A Christmas Carol&quot; is part of) for several years, since she was 5. These books are very colorful, with lots of illustrations and photos of genuine artifacts, maps, and people from the era in which the story is set. Side panel text  gives background information about the author, pictures and story. These &quot;additions&quot; (which do not detract from, but only enhance the story) help the young reader (and the adult too!) put the story into context. It is like getting both a classic and a pictorial history book rolled into one! The text is easy to read. My daughter is now 9, and reading the books on her own. Not only has she developed an appreciation for classic literature, but for history as well. These are great books for parents to read with their children. I highly recommend them!
0064471047|5.0|You should read this book.I like when Lucy meets the Faun.I also like Peter,Edmund,Susan and Lucy entering Narnia.Read it!
079283321X|5.0|Highly Inspiring, an example for all of us on how to get there. Thanks Stallone.
0385484518|4.0|When wanting to learn lessons about life and its experiences, one should read &quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot; by Mitch Albom.  This book can be an inspiration to us all.  When wanting to see what a true friendship is about one should pick up this page turner and venture through it.  Not only does Albom portray a great friendship throughout the book, but also he manages to incorporate the casualties of life.   The book is filled with many powerful insights.  Insights that seem to always come from Morries heart.  He kept his life simple yet meaninful, which is an inspiration for us to live our lives to the fullest.  It seems Morrie devoted his life to helping others by attempting to guide them through the journey of life.  &quot; Morrie was looking at life from some very different place than anyone else I knew.&quot; (Albom 63)  Morrie spent a good portion of his life trying to create his own beliefs and not follow in the footsteps of others; almost in a sense he was trying to create his own culture not paying much attention to society's standards.   Life has many lessons and quirks to it.  It is in &quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot; that Mitch Albom shares with us the teachings of Morrie Schwartz.  Not only are Morrie's lessons about life revealed throughout the novel, the reader is able to witness almost a complete makeover of a human being.  &quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot; is a book in which one should not miss out on.  There is so much to be discovered while reading the book, anyone who picks up this book is very fortunate to read the lessons of life that Morrie Schwartz teaches.
B00004XOWM|2.0|I am sorry to anybody that bought this CD and truly liked it.  Chocolate Starfish(which is about the dumbest name they could have used) is the biggext compilation of recycled garbage that I have ever wasted money on.  I think that the hidden track on Significant Other(feat. Wes Claypool) should have been on this CD, cuz as he said, &quot;you just kissed your 15 bucks goodbye.&quot;  I think that this album should be seen as an insult to the fans of Limp Bizkit, who in the past two albums showed us that they were people who made music their way, not conforming to what the radio and MTV deems cool... well, I agree with another reviewer... fred is now the Christina A. of rock.  Don't bother spending your money, Linkin Park's &quot;Hybrid Thoery&quot; is a much better album.  Oh, and I don't know where Fred(or LB for that matter) gets off making a song trying to put down Trent Reznor... the man alone has more musical talent in his finger than in Limp as a whole.  Sorry Fred... ya just lost a fan.
0441003257|5.0|Armageddon is in jeopardy.  It seems that the Antichrist has been switched at birth.  This bizarre beginning, seemingly straight out of a Three Stooges movie, is how Pratchett and Gaiman skillfully set up this engrossing comic parable.<br />Aziraphale (an Angel) and Crowley (a Fallen Angel, who did not so much Fall as Saunter Vaguely Downwards) are in charge of finding the Antichrist, now an eleven year old boy.  They are an unlikely pair, more loyal to each other than their respective afterworlds.  Aziraphale owns a rare bookshop, specializing in books of prophecy and turning away customers.  Crowley drives a vintage Bentley, whose stereo changes any inserted cassette into the music of Queen.  These two were my favourite characters, perfectly epitomizing the cautious relationship between good and evil, Heaven and Hell.  And they head an impressive Dramatis Personae of wonderfully conceived characters: there's Adam Young and his gang (&quot;the Them&quot;) slowly coming to grips with his newfound powers; there's Newt and Shadwell, bungling witchfinders; and there's even Agnes Nutter, in absentia, who's seemingly having the most fun of the lot.<br />One of my favourite sequences involves the introduction of the Four Horsemen... er... Horsepersons... or rather Bikerpersons of the Apocalypse.  It's a very subtle and beautifully conceived scene that doesn't come right out and explain who we are being introduced to.  We are not formally presented with DEATH, War, Famine and Pollution (Pestilence retired in 1937).  Rather, we are slowly given clues as to what the scene is about, and who the important characters are.  It's a fantastic scene that rewards the reader who pays close attention to detail.  And on top of that, it leads into a ludicrously comic scene about four other bikers -- Hell's Angels, the human kind, there to witness the Four's reconvening -- who decide to tag along.  They also decide to give themselves appropriate names:<br />Big Ted screwed up his face with the effort of thought.  'GBH,' he said, eventually.  'I'm Grievous Bodily Harm.  That's me.  There.  Wott're you going to be?'  'Can I be Rubbish?' asked Skuzz.  'Or Embarrassing Personal Problems?'<br />It goes on and on like this, and is terribly funny.<br />A helpful hint: When reading excerpts from Agnes Nutter's prophecies, pay special attention to the margin notes.  There is much humour in these random thoughts from Anathema's (the keeper of the book) ancestors.  Further proof that Gaiman and Pratchett really know how to pack substance into their marginalia.  Other instances of this: varied fonts are used to indicate the authority of certain speakers (DEATH speaks in capitals, while Aziraphale trapped in the body of a medium speaks in italics); the goofy and tangential footnotes that crop up every once in a while, and are a ridiculous treat.<br />At times, the narrative felt a little too broad, almost unfocused.  This problem is neatly tied up in the end, but for awhile I wondered if the two authors had problems deciding on a consensual plot.  This is my first time reading a book of dual authorship, and overall I'd say they did a good job of keeping the story (which could very well have careened off into a messy shambles) quite coherent.  And this is a good time to ask those with more information than me: how much of this is Pratchett and how much is Gaiman?  It is my understanding that the Douglas-Adams-style bits are the work of Pratchett (and it does hold up well against Adams' work), and the Armageddon-on-acid parts are Gaiman's.  Regardless, there is enough evidence here to suggest that I'll enjoy my first foray into Pratchett's 'Discworld', coming soon.<br />And watch for the charmingly brief cameo by God, feeding ducks by a pond.
0679879269|5.0|Our entire family (two adults and a thirteen year old daughter) have been waiting eons for this last book to be published - and it was worth the wait. Pullman's use of language is awesome, the twists and turns of the plot are spell-binding and his moral ferocity comes out quite clearly - a welcome addition to the literature of the 20th century. What an exciting book! In addition, I welcomed his mature, sober, yet upbeat, stand on relationships and responsibility. While there are many beautifully written books available these days, most are very dark and depressing. This bitter-sweet book may break the hearts of teenage readers as well. However, it displays some of the benefits that come from heroic sacrifices some choose to make for the greater good. We had the privilege to meet Mr. Pullman at a book signing in Santa Rosa, CA, and he was everything we had hoped for. He was funny, wistful and told multiple great stories about the inspiration for his books. It was the perfect ending to a wonderful reading experience. There is no doubt that these three books will withstand the ultimate test of time.
1573225517|3.0|this is not nearly as good as his subsequent novel, about a boy which was much more meaningful. this is a flighty novel about a young man in London and his problems with women, which are kind of run of the mill and not too profound. there is some humor here, the way rob and the guys in his record shop make endless top 5 lists (top five episodes of cheers, etc.). but it's not enough to sustain the novel, which is somewhat weak. the book was highly acclaimed and i do think nick hornby is a great writer, but this is definitely not his best work, despite what others think. it's an enjoyable and amusing read, but definitely not a deep one. sorry nick.
0385484518|4.0|Before I entered college there was an assignment where we had to read two books over the summer.  One of the books that I read was tuesdays with Morrie.  I feel as though this was a very good book for college students to read.  It helped me understand what I had to look forward to when I go into college.  I thought this book made me think about my older relatives. Mitch spent a lot of time with Morrie through the days that he had left to live.  Mitch learned a lot from Morrie not only by his teaching style but most importantly by his life lessons.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I know, you're saying &quot;what's the point&quot;? or &quot;cash in&quot;, but actually there is a good reason for this new set.  This is the first single-disc collection of the Beatles in the CD era (there were lots on vinyl).  This CD is perfect for someone wanting to discover the Beatles for the first time, or a casual fan who only wants &quot;the hits.&quot;  Even if you already have these songs elsewhere, you can't argue with almost 80 mins of music, this disc is PACKED!<br />Also, there's not another CD ANYWHERE that offers 27 #1 hits on the same CD.  And when you consider that they're all by the same artist, this is a pretty mighty set of tunes.<br />Even for those of you who own everything by the Fab Four, there's still something here for you.  First, all the songs are newly remastered, so they blow away those versions you have that were mastered back in the late 80's.  Plus, the booklet features picture sleeves from each song in the collection.<br />Capitol Records has said that they hope this CD will someday be the biggest selling disc of all time.  It's got a long way to go to catch the Eagles &quot;Greatest Hits volume one&quot;, but it just might.
B00004YKUX|5.0|It really doesn't get any better than the Man in Black, singing songs of sin and redemption.  In the liner notes, JC says that he needs to make a song his before he records it.  &quot;Solitary Man&quot; and &quot;One&quot; are definitely his now.  They are both incredibly more powerful with Cash's unadorned lyrical style and accompaniment (and &quot;One&quot; is very powerful to begin with!).  If you liked &quot;American Recordings&quot;, you will love this.
0380002930|5.0|I was first introduced to this book as a teenager by my mother of all people, whoever listens to their mother in their teenage years. There aren't many books which completely capture you as does &quot;Watership Down&quot; with the tales of Hazel, Bigwig and Fiver plus the interspersed stories of such as the black rabit of Inle. You get absorbed by the politics of the Owsla and the terror faced in the warren run by the general. Such a beautiful book, exceptional, are words that come to mind. Its so easy to be living their story and the death of Hazel is unbearably sad.<br />Truly, one of the very best.
B00000F1D3|4.0|1999 was certainly Cher's year. When everyone thought Cher was beaten down, she returned from ashes to become the real queen of dance music. As a listener of dance I can say this album fulfilled all my expectations. &quot;Believe&quot; became a hit everywhere and has cool remixes. &quot;The power&quot;, &quot;all or nothing&quot; are tracks which worth to be listened careful as well. The lyrics are very wise and not stupid like other dance songs.&quot;Dove L'amore&quot; sounds spanish/latin and cool to listen to. Anyway, whether you want to enjoy Cher's powerful vocals or even dance in a nightclub, this is the right CD to purchase.
B000002HPT|3.0|Okay, this CD definitely isn't one of Dream Theater's best efforts. It almost sounds like the band got bored or something. Ever read a book by an author you absoultely love and get the feeling they just wrote it to meet a deadline? Well, that's what this sounds like to me. There are some good songs/moments on this CD like &quot;New Millenium&quot;, &quot;Burning My Soul&quot; and the beautiful &quot;Anna Lee&quot;. The best song on the album is &quot;Hollow Years&quot;. Being a relatively new fan of Dream Theater I could probably sleep just fine never having bought this one. If you're a die-hard DT fan then go ahead and get this, if not then I wouldn't bother. I highly recommend their other CDs though, &quot;Awake&quot;, &quot;Images and Words&quot; and &quot;Metropolis part 2: Scenes from a Memory&quot; (their best in my opinion)! These guys are still great musicians though, no doubt.
B00004X01U|5.0|I have been a big fan of Madonna's music ever since I first heard of her.  Every time an album comes out, it is totally different from the one before.  I really like &quot;Music&quot;.  I don't care for the second track, but I love it.  My favs are Music, What it's like for a Girl, and the last track (sorry don't know the name). I still love her music.........
0140177396|3.0|If you love well written books and don't care if the ending is happy or sad then this is the book for you.  However,  if you are like me and enjoy well writen books, but must have a happy ending then you will want to avoid this book. Steinbeck has a wonderful writing style with excellant descriptions of nature. Of Mice and Men also very accurately depicts what life was like during The Depression. Unfortunately as it takes place during The Depression  it is very depressing. Of Mice and Men tells the story of two best friends George and Lenny. George is the leader of the two, while Lenny who is mentally retarded is the willful and very sweet follower. Both are 30 years old, but neither acts his age. While George acts older and more mature, Lenny has the IQ of a four year old. This problem is the theme of the entire book. I hope you enjoy Of Mice and Men.
0671721720|5.0|As I stated in my title I feel sorry for the Peeps as once again they are pitted against our very formible and lovable Honor Harrington.Honor Harrington this time must stop them from conquering the peaceful but backward planet of Grayson and she and Nimitz  foil a assasination attempt on Grayson's leader in a gripping and very violent action sequence.This novel like the other ones in the series has all the right ingredients:above average universe-crafting and characterization.Weber's military action sequences  are first-rate!
0385484518|4.0|This novel has moved so many to tears.  &quot;Tuesdays with Morrie&quot; is an emotional testimony to the true meaning of love and life in this world.  Morrie really understood this time we live in.  Morrie was able to see how people are caught up in their material possessions and their jobs.        As I read through the book &quot;Tuesdays with Morrie,&quot; it made me realize how I take everything for granted - my school, my possessions, my friends, and my family.  This is the final lesson from the teacher to the student.        Any person who cares about superficial values over true values should read this novel.  The lessons learned will never be forgotten.
B000050XEI|2.0|I remember several years ago driving on an evening much like tonight, and flipping stations. Suddenly this remarkable sound filled the car..one song after another, and I found myself driving around the block another 3 times til they finished and announced music by someone named Enya from her import CD &quot;the Celts&quot;.  I was entranced and spent the next day searching out this disc.  After that I bought Watermark and Shepherd Moon without hesitation...then there was the re-release of the Celts, the remixed re-release of the Celts, some weird best of stuff, then finally &quot;Memory of Trees&quot; which sounded like bits and pieces of the previous discs slapped together in another order.  Now she repeats the cycle with &quot;Day Without Rain.&quot; Beautiful music? Absolutely. But I've heard ALL of these before...down to the synth-pizzicato patch she seems obsessed with...and only 37 minutes long? I'm sorry, that's ridiculous. I'm convinced she's given up on trying to do anything other than land another Lexus commercial.  So I remain dissappointed, and hope maybe she'll find a way to use her remarkable voice in a way that preserves her style, but gives us something we haven't heard before.
0140067477|4.0|I doubt A.A. Milne ever thought his characters would be a launching point for teaching Taoism! Hoff does a great job at using characters familiar to most of us to teach a thought system unfamiliar to many of us in the West. This book is a fun look at a different worldview.
B000050XEI|5.0|As I sat reading the lyrics as I listened, I couldn't help but think that no man could have created this.  It is at once feminine, intellectual and spiritual, and as ethereal as her other albums.  <br />I like &quot;A Day without Rain&quot; much more than &quot;Memory of Trees&quot; and I think Wild Child  will have the same resonance that Carribean Blue and Orinoco Flow.
1573228214|4.0|A witty and insightful accounr of the life and loves of an unmarried college dropout who regards himslf as a morose lonely failure trapped in awkward adolescence (although he runs his own business and lives in a London apartment on his own or with one of a succession of girl friends). Ultimately he gets to realise that things aren't really all that bad and that he's popular and successful, and his true love helps him to understand the meaning of life.      He runs a golden oldie record store and displays immense erudition in popular culture, music, TV and movies, which counterpoints the action.
B000050XEI|2.0|The first thing I noticed about this CD was that no track times are listed with the track titles, not that unusual I'll admit, but then when I put the disc in my player total play time is less than 35 minutes!  Not much value for the  high end price tag, especially when discs with play times of 60 and 70 minutes can be found in the $10 to $12 range.  But my major disappointment came with listening to this over produced and formulaic collection of tunes.  Now don't get me wrong, I have been an Enya fan ever since hearing her lush, multi-layered vocals while watching &quot;The Celts&quot; on PBS many years ago, and I own every CD and music video that she has released. But, in my opinion the only tracks of any merit on this disc are &quot;tempus vernum&quot; and &quot;deora ar mo chroi&quot;, sung in latin and gaelic respectively.   I expect to start seeing this title in the &quot;previously owned&quot; bins right away, and if you absolutely must have it in your collection, wait to buy it from there.
B000050XEI|5.0|Just when we thought we had heard the best Enya has to give she amazes with her best recording ever. After 5 or so recordings it might be assumed that the well had run dry but Enya amazes all by delivering sweeping vocals and inspiring string arrangements on A Day Without Rain. Truly her crowning achievement to date, A Day without Rain has something for all her listeners. The only problem I have with the recording is, it is too short. It only makes me want more. Although 5 years was well worth the wait for this masterpiece.
B000005IU2|5.0|Ahhh... well this is it. The pinnacle of rock music. They outpunked the Pistols (and beat them to the punch by five years), outsleazed the Stones (Keef, just listen to that guitar) and outraged the world. It will cost you less than a tenner (including postage) to learn whether I'm right or not - so spend the money, buy some Jack Daniels and kick back. Remember to turn it up. Right up. And be sure to let us know what you think. After all, this is as good as it gets. It really is...
B00004X01U|2.0|Madonna should try to figure out what she wants to be and stick with it. This recording is rather lacking in focus. This thing she has with trying to be all music to all people is wearing a little tired. Her recordings use to set the standard, now they just follow the pack. It's not awful, its just not what one expects from the moving and shaker of years ago.
B000002KBU|5.0|I'm a huge Joni fan and Blue is my absolute favorite - It was when I bought my first album almost 30 years ago, and still is after all this time.  Blue is filled with such amazing imagery, lyrically and musically.  Close your eyes -Joni will paint you a picture and take you away.  She describes what we feel like no one else can.<br />&quot;I am on a lonely road and I am traveling, looking for the key to set me free.  Oh the jealousy, the greed is the unraveling and it undoes all the joy that could be&quot;
0425098478|5.0|Ken Blanchard has hit a home run with this book.  My company uses it in our management training program and it works well for entry-level and seasoned managers.  Why?  Because it approaches the subject from a novel approach that entertains the reader.  It is timeless and it addresses timeless principles.<br />Also Recommended:  The Leader's Guide: 15 Essential Skills by Ponder, and the 7 Habits by Covey
B000002952|5.0|I am a fan of Gloria Estefan.  She could read a telephone book to the accompaniment of an out of tune guitar and I'd love it. That said, Gloria is the best in english, but is unbelievably better in spanish.  Mi Tierra, whether or not you have word 1 of spanish, will be understood by your heart, your soul.  The liner notes, giving the lyrics in both english and in spanish, will insure that the songs are also understood by your mind. Her voice will slide between your ribs and grip your heart.<br />The ideas and images painted in song by Gloria in this album are beautiful. &quot;Con los anos que mi quedan por vivir . . .&quot;&quot;With the years I have left to live . . .&quot; speaks of the second chance at love we all will eventually wish we had, to prove our feelings for our true love, &quot;Mi Tierra&quot;, &quot;My Homeland&quot; speaks of the pull of our roots to the land of our birth, or our ancestry, &quot;Si Senor&quot;, &quot;Yes Sir&quot;, and &quot;Montuno&quot; of an individuals &quot;rhythym&quot; or &quot;beat&quot;, &quot;Volveras&quot; &quot;You'll Return&quot; and &quot;Hablas De Mi&quot; &quot;You're Talking About Me&quot; of the end of a love, with or without the expectation of return, and &quot;Hablemos El Mismo Idioma&quot;&quot;Let's Speak The Same Language&quot;, and &quot;Tradicion&quot; call to Hispanic unity and celebration of shared roots, ideas which can be felt and personalized by those of any 'ethnicity'.  But, if the words and ideas they express somehow don't move you, just let your ears tell your feet what to do, and you'll love this cd just for the sound.
0553106635|4.0|ok;so i just finished 900 plus pages.ok,so the characters do evolve change and mature as they interact with each other and changing events.ok,so their roles and personas are consistent with their changing circumstances.ok,so it was a bit slow going trying to remember all the relationships and names early on.ok,so the fantasy, mystery,strategy,intrigue,and action of events are fascinating.ok,so now what do i kill time with while i'm waiting for the next book.ok,so i hope it is 3000pages.ok,so this is way better than DUNE series which became trite.
0694003611|5.0|This simple book with its soothing rhythms and gentle pictures has been the perfect bedtime story for very young children for three generations.
B00000DHR0|5.0|While I have to admit, I listen to this during the year, it means more at Christmas time. I love the fact that you can listen to every song. That way, you will see why this is such a beautiful CD. When Celine sings \\"I am your Angel,\\" you will know why this is one of my favorite songs on this CD. Sometimes I think Celine is perhaps an angel, she sure sings like one!<br /><br />Celine evokes that deep feeling of Christmas Spirit! I love \\"The Prayer\\" which is one of my favorite Celine songs with Andrea Bocelli. The words are very meaningful.<br /><br />When you get too busy, Celine reminds you to spend time with people you love. \\"Don't save it all for Christmas Day\\" shows that there are many people in the world that need your care today. She sings: \\"Find your way to give a little love everyday...Don't save it all for Christmas Day....\\"<br /><br />\\"O Holy Night\\" tells of the true meaning of Christmas and is especially beautiful when Celine sings this Christmas classic. It brings images of hope and in a way it is a majestic song which honors the Holy Child. \\"Noel, Noel.......Oh, night, Oh, night divine.\\"<br /><br />This CD has a nice mix of emotional, spiritual/holy and happy/fun songs. Celine has captured all the aspects of Christmas in one CD. Celine's love for life comes through in her singing. Her music is magic! I see a deep beauty of spirit in her work, no matter what she is singing.<br /><br />~The Rebecca Review
6305265666|5.0|I was very surprised to find myself enjoying this film, as I had thought this would be another typical Cinderella story. I mean how many fairy tale versions of this can there ever be until someone calls it quits. Well, this'll be the one to end them all. Drew Barrymore as Danielle (aka Cinderella) and Angelica Huston as her stepmother both give excellent and moving performances. Some have commented on Drew's English accent as being a bit off, although her performance far outweighs that fault, if it does exist. Angelica is a real treat to watch as well and may be, for some of you, the more focal point of the film. What sets the storyline apart from all other versions is in the character of Danielle herself. Contrary to the old fairytale, she is an independent young lady fully capable of saving herself from predicaments using her own skill and wit. The attempt of the valiant prince insisting on being her savior adds the comical twist to the tale. Through her tasks, Danielle establishes a strong sense of worth and aptness to her Cinderella character, which the other tales have failed to do. And while the underlying hint of feminism is apparent, it doesn't detract from the film, but rather creates a more delightful plot and sweet romance. Watch this movie, preferably on widescreen for the beautiful scenery, and you'll find yourself falling in love and enjoying it more than you thought you would. This really is a classic to buy and hold on to. Enjoy!
1559409002|5.0|I first saw \\"Carnival of Souls\\" on television in 1966. I have been \\"hooked\\" ever since. This film really stays with you-maybe it is the \\"ordinariness\\" of the locales and situations (with the exception of \\"Saltair\\", the Salt Lake soul-ridden pavilion), the beautiful, art-film photography, and Gene Moore's creepy, get-under-your-skin organ score, who knows? My parents, who were not big horror-film fans, adored this film-(my mother mistook it for a foreign film on first viewing). \\"Carnival of Souls\\" is a film that either one has never heard of it, or, if they have seen it, never forgot it, and loved it. I always had that creepy sense that I had been to these places in my dreams, as I'm sure that's why this film has so many fans! Yes, the acting leaves something to be desired. Yes, the editing is choppy. But hey, the film was produced for $30,000! I definitely prefer films like this to over-budgetd, over-produced, noisy dreck like \\"Armageddon\\"! The DVD Collector's Edition of \\"Carnival of Souls\\" is a Valentine to this dark gem. The picture and sound quality are clean, crisp, and downright remarkable. And then there are the extra features! The history of Saltair, replete with photos, is fascinating. The \\"Carnival of Souls\\" reunion in 1989 is fun-like seeing old friends after many years. The extras go on and on. If you are a horror/cult movie fan, this is a must-own. If you are a \\"Carnival of Souls\\" junkie, then this is the big one! Hats off to Criterion-those folks DEFINITELY \\"Get it\\"!
6300181464|1.0|Silent Running is the worst movie I have ever seen.  It has a ridiculous plot with terrible acting.  The movie has no point at all.  It is about some lunatic man who has nothing better to do than be obsessed with plants.  How can you make a good movie about a single man, 3 robots (one that flies off into space) and a dome full of trees.  This movie is simply an hour and a half of garbage.  If they are going to make a sci-fi movie at least make it worth while!  Watching this movie was a waste of my time!!!
0399146253|5.0|Scarpetta fans beware. Once you start this book you will not want to put in down until you are have it completed. By far Patricia Cromwell's best work to date. This book picks up where Black Notice leaves off. Fans of Scarpetta who have read Black Notice will appreciate this book even more than those who did not read it. The book starts with the Scarpetta in legal trouble. She is accused of the murder of Captain Bray. This book will change the future for Scarpetta. I highly reccommend this book.
B000005ILF|3.0|If you've never bought a Sting's CD before don't buy this one first ! Ten Summners Tales, ... Nothing Like The Sun and Brand New Day are his best. For a more quiet one The Soul Cages, is his best one, it talks about love, death and the sea. As a Sting fan, I admit I consider this CD to be Sting's worst one. It's not that it's totaly bad, it does have some good songs, but at the bottom, it's less good. The good tracks are : (1) The Hounds Of Winter; (4) I Was Brought To My Sences; (7) All Four Seasons; (8) Twenty Five To Midnight; THE GREAT (9) La Belle Dame Sans Regrets. That's about it. After all said.... DO enjoy yourselves !
0440234743|4.0|I am a huge Grisham fan, and while this isn't his best, it is a very good read.  It has a good story and you become involved with the characters.  A little long in parts, but overall, very enjoyable.
B00000JTB2|4.0|It is very interesting to listen to the banter between songs from the mentor and his pupil. SRV's reverance for Albert is obvious. The production values are a little choppy, but always entertaining. Makes this fan of the blues grateful someone had the good sense to keep the tape rolling when these two strapped-on and cut loose.
B00003CXHJ|2.0|Wait one minute here!<br />The enigma code was cracked by Polish mathematicians, not the British and certainly not the US. <br />I have had it up to here with this being portrayed as an English or even American job. Let's be perfectly clear about this. The Poles cracked the engima, it was Polish commandos who helped storm the U-boats as well, don't see any of the British mentioning that, so as I see their no better than the Americans in this respect. The Poles work was one of the most important, if not the most important victories of the war and it deserves recognition, obviously it won't get any recognition from this film.<br />As for the film itself, well it's no Das Boot that's for sure, on a purely entertainment level it's not bad, but if you know you history you may be grinding your teeth through it. Worth seeing mainly for the subs.
B00004XONN|1.0|Hello?!?!  This has all been done before countless times by many other bands.  The only sense that it's a move forward is if you look ONLY at Radiohead's catalog.  Sure, it's a nice move for them, but who really cares?  Unlike their other three magnificent, brilliant, era-defining masterpieces (especially &quot;OK Computer&quot;), this piece of crap is just another self-righteous &quot;statement&quot; from yet another band that's become too big for its own good.
0811826848|5.0|Excellent pictures and quotes. But the biggest surprise for me was realizing how pro-union the Beatles really were! I guess coming from Liverpool they really appreciated the importance of having unions to protect workers' basic rights. From their manager to their bottle boy--this was one unionized band! Go Beatles! Go union!
B00000J2KT|5.0|The first half of the movie which takes place at Marine Corps Recruit Depot Parris Island S.C. is by far the best depiction of Marine boot camp in the 60's and 70's. It will bring back a flood of memories for those who were there. D.I. Hartmen who was once the &quot;real thing&quot; does justice to a very difficult role. Part two which finds main character Joker in &quot;the 'Nam&quot; is gritty and meaningful. The human side of having to actually take another life is a far cry from the old John Wayne type movies. In short, buy it,watch it, again and again.
B00000GBHA|5.0|I have been trying to buy a new copy of Rodriguez At his Best for years having bought the vinyl in the mid to late 70's I think. I even looked for it recently on a trip to New York with no luck. My original has a few scrathes on it at this stage!<br />This music is special and as mentioned by other reviewers as good as Dylan etc and often unknown to many experienced musicians.
B00004XOWM|3.0|I think this album could have been better, but I still love you. I like a lot of the songs like &quot;Rollin&quot; and &quot;Hot Dog&quot;, but I have to say that Signifiant Other was better. From the reviews I read, people are saying that they hate you because of this CD. I think that is bull sh**. I am still a fan, and I am proud of it. You can't please everyone, when you are doing something for thousands of people. I love ya
B000003TAR|5.0|This CD is the greatest Nirvana CD out there and one of the greatest of all time.  Harsher, angrier, and better than their breakthrough CD, In Utero is an insight into Kurt's genius.
B00004YW6I|2.0|this album was a huge disappointment- very bland, very commercial. like 'to bring you my love', she wears her influences on her sleave. patti smith could sue. she even borrows lyrics from nick cave. maybe mick said it was ok. speaking of mick harvey, where is the rhythm section? rob ellis is not supposed to be playing disco beats. musically and lyrically, this has none of the depth or darkness from &quot;is this desire&quot;, and lacks the rawness of her first two. but the lyrics...look for this to be a VH1 favorite.
0887307396|5.0|This book zooms straight into my list of essential business books alongside Innovator's Dilemma and Social Life of Information among others ( see my definitive business books list). I read this book while developing a &quot;core value discovery&quot; program for my young company, and this book and In Search of Excellence were bibles. The writing is clear and lucid and though the principles outlined seem obvious, the number of companies that think these too idealistic (read hard) to follow or too removed from the bottom line to matter would argue otherwise.<br />One of the earlier customer reviews correctly points out that the book is based on the premise that &quot;Built to Last&quot; is an ideal worth striving for and argues that a &quot;Built to Flip&quot; corporate mentality may be just as valid. This book is about building an organization with institutionalized capabilities that uniquely enable it create value into perpetuity - whether in one distinct organizational form or a multiplicity of morphed states. If flipping is based on selling out before others realise that the Emperor has no clothes (or that the Emperor is wearing a hired Tux) then this must assume that the organization's walls don't leak - a difficult assumption to make in today's connected economy full of promiscuous investors and employees-with-modems.<br />&lt;B&gt;The principles to tattoo on my forehead&lt;/B&gt;<BR><br />&lt;B&gt;Focus on Organizational Building&lt;/B&gt; - Clock Building not time telling<BR><br />&lt;B&gt;Core Values that transcend profits&lt;/B&gt; - if the value will not outlive a market that penalizes it then it is not core<BR><br />&lt;B&gt;Authenticity of the value is more important than it's morality&lt;/B&gt; - &quot;Better to have believed amiss than never to have believed at all&quot;.<BR><br />&lt;B&gt;Align &amp; re-align the organization around the values&lt;/B&gt; - &quot;un-reinforced core values never die ... they become empty marketing slogans&quot;<BR><br />&lt;B&gt;Beware the Tyranny of the OR&lt;/B&gt; - &quot;The test of a 1st rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function&quot;<BR>
B000023VR6|5.0|For some reason, lots of professional reviews of Dre's CD have focused on \\"The Watcher\\" and \\"The Message,\\" the first and last songs, as evidence of the new, sensitive Dr. Dre.  These critics say that Dre now sees the dark side of gangster life, and there's some truth to that, probably.  But this CD is a lot more violent and extreme than The Chronic.  The world of \\"2001\\" is a world of random violence, sex and drug use.  The gangster characters are angry and mistrustful - especially of women, but reserve their greatest hatred for effeminate men.  Songs like \\"The Next Episode,\\" \\"Murder Ink,\\" \\"Ackrite\\" and \\"Bang Bang\\" are cinematic pieces set in a violent, John Woo-like reality.  Every track is repeated listens, most having an infectious catchiness.  Deserves a \\"best of genre\\" award.
B00004XONN|5.0|Ok, I can see why some people were grossly disappointed with this album. They were listening to it as though it were a rock cd. If thats what you're thinking when you turn on &quot;kid a&quot;, you're going to be quite confused. Some people say &quot;give it time&quot;, personally, I loved it the first time I listened to it. I bought it 2 days ago, and I haven't stopped listening to it(I'm listening to &quot;idioteque right now&quot;) since.I gave it to my kid brother to listen to, and after fifteen minutes he said &quot;I don't really like it. He told me him made this judgement after simply fastwording to the middle of each song. This method of critique may be useful when listening to your typical rock/pop cd, but not with &quot;Kid A&quot;. One reviewer said, &quot;Whatever happened to verse-chorus-bridge, etc.?&quot;. Thats the point entirely, Radiohead threw out all the modern crutchs and conventions, and made a beautiful album. The entire cd plays almost like one song, one story with 10 different, unique, but complimentary tracks. There is not one weak track on the album. I strongly recommend buying this cd, put on the headphones, hit &quot;repeat&quot; on your cd player, and prepare to be blown away.
B000002MUQ|5.0|This is by far Van Halen's finest album.  It seems as though each member has finely tuned their skills.<br />Eddie Van Halen rocks on the guitar (as usual).  He mixes rhythm with intricate leads here and there, making the songs that much more interesting and entertaining.<br />Alex Van Halen is wonderful on the drums.  Solid as ever but mixing things up as he goes.  &quot;Doin' Time&quot; is an awesome drum solo.<br />Michael Anthony sticks to his usual 8th note bass lines for the most part.  But there are some nice chops thrown in here and there.<br />Sammy Hagar sings wondefully.  His voice is extremely fitting for the overall sound.  Although some of the lyrics can be pretty simple, sometimes simple lyrics are more appropriate.<br />This album goes everywhere, from beautiful ballads (&quot;Not Enough&quot;, Can't Stop Lovin' You&quot;) to harder rock (&quot;The Seventh Seal&quot;, &quot;Aftershock&quot;) to good ol' rock &amp; roll (&quot;Big Fat Money&quot;).  None of the songs sound forced, they are all wondefully written.<br />This album is amazing.  I don't know how anybody could rate it less than 5 stars.  This CD will stay with me until I'm old and gray.
630512762X|1.0|This is one of the worst things I've ever seen. It's not just the silliness of the plot premise, but the massive holes throughout the plot, even if you could accept the premise.<br />And after the 12th slow motion, 10-minute long gun battle scene this thing gets reaaaallllllly boooorrrrrring.<br />Has to be one of the most over-rated films ever.
B000050XEI|2.0|First, if this were any artist but Enya, this CD would have gotten 4 stars. But I expect more from Enya. I expect to be overwhelmed and awed and inspired by her music. Almost everything she's created in the past has done that to me at some level, usually on the first or second listen. Unfortunately, &quot;A Day Without Rain&quot;, after 4 or 5 plays, just doesn't have that same power. <br />The track &quot;Tempus Vernum&quot; is easily the best, and really the only memorable, song on the CD. The rest is mostly in English, and much of it almost sounds more like pop than like Enya.<br />It's been a long wait, and it's unfortunately a big disappointment. I hope that it's not another five years before we see more from Enya, and I hope that the next release brings back the magic that only Enya's music can bring.
B0000024SI|5.0|Kicked off by arguably the greatest rock and roll song ever written, this seminal record allowed Dylan to blow away all rivals, at least momentarily.<br />There is not a dull moment or a bad tune here. Brilliant lyrics, a red hot band and Dylan's inimitable delivery - no one else could spit out 'Like A Rolling Stone' the way he does - ensured that heads would turn. It's vicious, funny, rollicking and grave.<br />With headphones on, you can just make out the sound of four young Englishmen shaking in their Cuban heels.
0393317552|5.0|This is far from a definitive theory of history or anything else and the author's sometime provincial sounding observations in certain areas --they're smart in New Guinea, the tribesmen have no TV!--while provocative, are suspect.<br />But this is a powerful cross-disciplinary look seeking insights applying the tools of one fileld of study to another. There is an array of hard-to-find but enlightening facts that younger readers will especially find valuable. Others will note that some of his original ideas were in fact widely discussed by science-fiction writers a few decades ago and assumed in many college courses in the '70's.<br />There is a need for more efforts such as this one. The book is fascinating, raises intriguing questions on the various inter-relations of different systems, and is fun to read.
B000001FDJ|3.0|The newly formed Blind Faith was apparently rushed into the studio and told to produce an album, and the resulting product certainly reflects that reality. There just wasn't enough good material to make a great full length record, so you end up with a handful of superb tracks followed by a really long stinker (thanks very much, Ginger Baker).  The standouts are Winwood's 'Can't Find My Home' and a fabulous reworking of Buddy Holly's 'Well Alright', which blows away both the original and Santana's copy-cat version.<br />Worth buying for the great cuts and Winwood's incandescent vocals.
B00000JGEN|2.0|Somebody walks over to me and says, &quot;What do you like better: the movie or the book?&quot; <br />I look at the person for a moment and think. Finally I reply, &quot;The movie.&quot; It's true. I normally see the movie before even realizing that there was a book about it. Therefor I don't read the book because I saw the movie.<br />Well, I seemed to have made a switch with this one. I read &quot;The Running Man&quot;, one of my favorite Stephen King novels, than about a week later, I saw the movie. I watched the whole thing, (surprisingly), before standing up and walking out of the room disgusted. The movie is completely different than the book. It's like taking a classic movie like &quot;Jaws&quot; and taking out the shark and the boat. What do you have left? Something that doesn't add up into a movie...same thing with &quot;The Running Man&quot;.<br />I loved the book; I finished it in two days because of that fact. But the movie has very few of the same characters. Granted I know that books must be shortened to be a movie, but almost everything was taken out. And the characters that did remain were nothing like the ones in the book! I'll give you one more example: For those of you who have seen &quot;The Patriot&quot;, think about having Mel Gibson become the bad guy and Tavington the good guy. It just doesn't work! That's basically what happens in &quot;The Running Man&quot;.<br />I know that I may sound like I'm completely making this movie sound terrible...for those of you who are reading thinking, &quot;Oh my God, this movie must be awful!&quot;, I am glad. This movie is just that. Some might say it's wonderful or breathtaking...I can argue different. (It would earn 3 stars if I hadn't read the book, though.) So if you want to see this movie but have read the novel...stop! Don't take another step towards the video store or the televison. If you haven't read the book, I suggest that you read it...it's much more worth it than seeing the movie, I guarantee you that.<br />But if you really want to see it, go ahead and do so. I'm not trying to force anybody to take my opinion before seeing it themselves, but don't start getting mad at me if you do watch it and don't like it. Thanks for reading...<br />WARNING: THE FILM YOU ARE CONSIDERING BUYING IS CONSIDERED HIGHLY ANNOYING AND INACCURATE. PLEASE STEP AWAY AND TAKE GREAT CAUTION BEFORE EVER CONSIDERING FURTHER VIEWING OF THIS FILM. IF YOU HAVE SEEN IT AND ENJOYED IT, I DO NOT KNOW WHAT TO SAY: BUT YOU'RE PROBABLY ONE OF THOSE PEOPLE WHO ENJOYED 'THE BLAIR WITCH PROJECT 2: THE BOOK OF SHADOWS'.
B00000HYXB|5.0|Truly their best.  This album is excellent.  I found it and listened to the recorded samples, and even then, Nightfall stuck in my head before I even received it in the mail.  This CD sits in my player as a regular.  Blind Guardian makes American bands (and I am an American) sound so cheesy and fake.  Blind Guardian has great power; so much heart in their music. I quit listening to music for awhile when all the choices I had to listen to were Metallica and other popular metal bands in America; that's all stores here sold. I have since acquired more great imports that I could not have found in American standard CD shops.  If you like the class, depth, and power of Blind Guardian, you will like Therion (Vovin, Deggial) and Nightwish (Nightwish, Oceanborn).  These are my mainstays of music nowadays and I am so glad to have found these bands.
B000002JPA|5.0|This is a truly amazing album. In my opinion, this has some of the most complex music since Pink Floyd's early albums. The music is very creative, and contains some of the best guitar and keyboards I've heard. I could go on and on, talking about each individual song and how they're all great, but I'm not going to. Listen to the sound samples, read the other reviews, but buy this album. You won't be disappointed.
B00003CWNR|5.0|I was very pleasantly surprised by this movie. I did not know what to expect. This is the type of movie that just keeps drawing you in slowly until you become part of the movie and totally attached to it emotionally. The character development is quite fascinating, especially the parts played by Michael Caine and Tobey MacGuire. Set in Maine during the IInd World War, this movie follows the lives of a Doctor at an orphanage in Maine and a boy who grows up in the orphanage. The movie goes through all sorts of issues such as parenthood, abortion, incest, life. It moves slowly, but is never uninteresting. It really haunted me after I saw it, as it is the type of movie that one cannot get out of one's mind. See this one....it is well worth a good viewing.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Note to the dude who thinks she has &quot;No Soul&quot;----you my friend need some musical therapy! DIDO is simply awesome! And contrast to the folks she doesn't even write her own stuff; well your wrong to..cause she does!(Must not have even took the time to read the liner notes in the album) I listen to this record over and over again when I feel I need someone to listen to my soul, because DIDO is music to my soul. &quot;Thankyou&quot;
0060900075|5.0|This is my favorite book... its pure genius.  For those of us that can get past the falsified impression that drugs are horrible, you will find some of the most mind blowing statements and revalations.  To keep it simple, life is a beautiful thing and no one can describe it better than Aldous Huxley.
B000002UB3|5.0|Just popping Abbey Road into the CD Player for the first time, it's impossible not to get sucked into the album immediately --- whether it's the vacuum-like sound or just the irresistible drum beats. \\"Come Together\\" is one of The Beatles' greatest hard rock tunes, and, along with \\"I am the Walrus on MMT, a great showcase for John Lennon's dadaist social commentary, and just plain good-old fashioned clever wordplay. (\\"He wear no shoeshine, he got toejam football/he got wonky finger, he shoot Coca-Cola\\")<br />From thence into George Harrison's solid ballad \\"Something\\", whose lyrics are carried along by cymbals that sound almost exactly like a soft gust of wind. Next, the really strange, really hard not to tap your foot along to, \\"Maxwell's Silver Hammer\\", which is about, well, this kid beating people to death with a hammer. The slow, infectious chorus and the accompanying \\"doo doo doo doo\\" backup is almost enough to make you forget how ridiculous the song itself is. \\"Oh! Darling\\" is a pretty ordinary ballad until Paul kicks into hard-rocking mode halfway through it, and transfigures back into ballad mode again. <br />Then... Ringo's \\"Octopus's Garden\\". Yeah. I... *sigh*... had to sing this in concert in Elementary School. It's a kid's song. It's lame, musically and lyrically. It was my first Beatles song, so you might expect some mercy from me. No. I hated it then, I hate it now. Ringo should have saved this one for his stint on \\"Shining Time Station\\". <br />The next two songs pick up the slack in a huge way, though, with the excellent guitar-driven \\"I Want You (She's So Heavy)\\". The guitars and almost-imperceptible drums build to an anti-climax for several minutes after the lyrics have ended, surprising the listener with the sudden, abrupt drop into the strumming opening chords of \\"Here Comes the Sun\\", a pitch-perfect song about Spring, rebirth and rekindling old love. (\\"Little darling, I feel the ice is slowly melting/ Little darling, it feels like you since it's been clear\\") The drums on this track are absolutely enthralling, despite it being a fairly soft song. \\"Because\\" is one of The Beatles' trippier slow songs, including long \\"aaaaaahs\\" and lyrics that were pretty obviously drug-inspired: \\"Because the world is round, it turns me on/ Because the wind is high, it blows my mind\\". The point being: life itself is a kind of trip. Even moreso than \\"A Day in the Life\\", Lennon's voice is spooky and unsettling here. <br />The rest of the album (side two on vinyl, I suspect) is really one song, broken into sets of two or three, broken into nine smaller units, where The Beatles' long-standing theme of love versus materialism comes out. Musically, this side is always inventive, never boring, and totally enthralling. \\"You Never Give Me Your Money\\" is perplexing, with three stories of different people dealing with money problems.  Wonderful opening pianos, and John, George and Paul all handle the vocals right nicely here. <br />The \\"Mean Mr. Mustard\\"/\\"Polythene Pam\\"/\\"She Came in Through the Bathroom Window\\" series teases the listener with strange descriptions of strange people... ambiguity is the rule here. (\\"Such a dirty old man...\\"; \\"She's so good-looking, but she looks like a man...\\") I've listened to these songs plenty of times... still not really sure about Pam's station in life, or why she'd come in through the bathroom window or work as a dancer if she's \\"protected by a silver spoon\\". I could hypothesize, but I'm sure all you people who have been listening to Beatles music for more than a year would jump up and down on my throat, so I'll just say that this is damn fine, if beguiling, music. <br />\\"Golden Slumbers\\"/\\"Carry That Weight\\"/\\"The End\\" are a sweet, soft closing, to the album and to the band, which was about to break up. Even the most cynical, hardened person (*cough*) can't help but be affected by these melodies. \\"Golden Slumbers\\" is a lullaby, which, by nature, is a song about soft endings to the day. \\"Carry...\\" deals with growing up (the weight of age and responsibility) and The Beatles' own legacy that they know they'll have to carry with them, presumably (slowing down briefly to reprise some lyrics from \\"You Never Give...\\"). Great bloody drums, as well, that carry on into ... \\"The End\\" ... what can you say... starts out loud, hard and exuberant, and ends with contemplative and sentimental guitars and the lyrics \\"In the end... the love you take is equal to the love... you make.\\"<br />Finally, just making sure that we (God forbid!) don't leave Abbey Road in a glum mood, Paul McCartney pops in with the short, but lovely romantic acoustic, echoing ditty \\"Her Majesty\\". It's masterfully placed there (even if it was originally intended to go inbetween \\"Mr Mustard\\" and \\"Pam\\") to leave us smiling, even after the sober last song, a tactic used before with the psychedelic interlude in SPLHCB. <br />So, in the end, what does this leave us with? A slightly uneven Side One (only three of my all-time favorite songs. Boo-bleedin'-hoo.), an ambiguous but touching Side Two, and a wealth of soft, touching music and great guitar rock. It doesn't have the polished perfection and unity of purpose that  Sgt. Pepper does, but Abbey Road is just a notch below it... lumps and all, it's a masterwork of music. The soft blue, black, green and white coloring of the famous album cover sum up how I feel about this album... it feels like a walk through the city on a cool summer day ... deceptively breezy and light, casually awe-inspiring, not least of all, timeless.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|I have 200 hundred CDs in my collection, and I have never owned a Beatles CD...until now. How can I refuse this offer? It's a very high concept--fitting all 27 #1's on a single disc. Sure, only owning THIS Beatles CD is about as definitive as only owning ONE of the &quot;Star Wars&quot; movies, but there has to be a certain inexpensive starting point for a future Beatles diehard. I got my copy for just $10 and immediately discovered what I'd been missing all through the years that I had neglected to pick up a Beatles record. Yes, it likely seems redundant to a diehard Beatles fan to release this album after all of the material that's already available, but the fact remains that there are many Gen X-ers like myself who will pick up this compilation and realize for the FIRST time why they're the greatest band to ever walk the earth. As I write this review, the album ranks #1 on the sales list. That tells me that somebody out there needs to hear these songs. With my college budget, I couldn't afford to get Volumes 1 and 2 of the 2-Disc greatest hits collections (purported to be THE definitive hits collections), but, after having owned this CD, it's something I certainly will consider in the future.
6301872312|2.0|While the scenery was outstanding in the Northwest territory the video lacked in several areas.  It was very short, cinematography was poor, and the guides who claim to have years of experience failed to pass along any useful tips for the would-be hunter.  The segment when the dall sheep was shot was horrible in that it showed a &quot;prize&quot; sheep falling off the mountain because the hunter used a rifle that lacked adequate gunpower to reach across the 400+ yards to kill the animal with one shot. Overall we were VERY disappointed.
B00000IAU3|3.0|The voice of Dido is unbelievable talented and is just as good, if not better, than Sarah McLachlan. If the album was solely judged by the vocals - the album would be one of the best. Musically, the album is very good, but the greatest let-down is the lyrics, which lessen the appeal of Dido's vocals - which is a shame.<br />&quot;Here With Me&quot; - the theme from Roswell (TV), was where I first heard about Dido. &quot;Here With me&quot; is undoubtably the highlight from &quot;No Angel&quot;. Other tracks that are worthwhile include &quot;Hunter&quot; and &quot;Thankyou&quot;.
630513121X|5.0|This is some of the best work that Sylvester Stallone has ever done. I am sure that many people have already seen these movies before, but there is nothing like it when you watch it in digital sound. These movies have been digitally remastered, so the experience is nothing like the originals. I gave this trilogy 5 stars since they are so action packed. They do not make movies like these anymore.
B0000028UK|5.0|I am a die-hard Pearl Jam fan.  I own all of their albums and one of the new bootlegs.  Ever since Ten i have loved them.  Vs. is my favorite CD to listen to when i am angry  at the world (because of tracks like Blood)and just need something to be angry with me.  I also love the slower songs (such as elderly woman) when i wnat easyer listening.  I think this is a great CD for the more mainstreem listener, but for the hard-core PJ cult, you can't beat Yield or their newest release Binoral (which are equally amazing).  I believe that Pearl Jam will keep craking out solid albums 'till Eddie is sick of it.  They have longevity like the Who and can put out quality albums long after the sad death of Seatle Grunge.
B000002UA9|5.0|This amazing album, recorded (for the most part) in a single day, is simply astounding in its energy, immediacy, and tangible sense of unified purpose.  Truly rebelious for its time, this record proves that The Beatles' magic was present from day one.  Producer George Martin deserves much of the credit for allowing the boys to record a great number of original songs (unheard of at this time, especially for an unknown group's debut album) and for managing to reproduce the energy and excitment of the band's live performance in the studio. From Paul's opening count-in to &quot;I Saw Her Standing There&quot; right through to his joyous, spontaneous &quot;hey!&quot; after John's passionate performance of &quot;Twist and Shout&quot;, this is truly an album of endless wonder and pure, unfiltered joy.  Beginner's luck?  Probably, in retrospect, not....
B0000028UK|5.0|I am a die-hard Pearl Jam fan.  I own all of their albums and one of the new bootlegs.  Ever since Ten i have loved them.  Vs. is my favorite CD to listen to when i am angry  at the world (because of tracks like Blood)and just need something to be angry with me.  I also love the slower songs (such as elderly woman) when i wnat easyer listening.  I think this is a great CD for the more mainstreem listener, but for the hard-core PJ cult, you can't beat Yield or their newest release Binoral (which are equally amazing).  I believe that Pearl Jam will keep craking out solid albums 'till Eddie is sick of it.  They have longevity like the Who and can put out quality albums long after the sad death of Seatle Grunge.
B000002UAI|4.0|This is, in many ways, The Beatles' most intriguing album.  The cover shot itself, with those four glum faces peering out at you, speaks volumes as to the toll that Beatlemania was exacting on those four exausted young men by late 1964.  And then there's the song titles: &quot;I'm a Loser&quot;, &quot;Baby's in Black&quot;, &quot;I Don't Want to Spoil the Party&quot;, &quot;No Reply&quot; -- there was no doubt about it, The Beatles were evolving into something much more than a brilliant pop band.  They were clearly set to take things to another level.  In retrospect, it's clear that this is the most overtly transitional album of the band's career, with more thoughtful and complex titles (like those listed above) sitting, somewhat uncomfortably, next to uninspired cover versions which were hashed out under intense pressure in order to meet the never-ending series of recording deadlines.  The end result is equal parts frustrating and fascinating -- and quite possibly the most essential piece of the extraordinary Beatles puzzle.
B000051VWW|5.0|'Float' is what describes this compilation to me.   Sade moves through each track with such fluidness.  It isn't difficult to fall into a trance...just don't listen to deeply to this when you are driving!<br />And a personal note to Sade, since I know she spends all her free time at Amazon reading postings:<br />Take whatever time you need to make your music - I think people understand you have a life, but how about one quick tour over here in Portland Oregon this next month??
B000002U8G|5.0|This album is better than The Wall and Dark Side of the Moon (but not animals and wywh). If you liked those two you should really enjoy this one even though it is different. The great epic Echoes would be worth the price alone but the rest of the songs sans Seamus (what's the deal with that?) are almost equally as brilliant.
B00000JPH4|5.0|I was a very young girl when I went to see this movie with my mother.  I am 31 years old now and havent seen it since.  I didnt know that it was on VHS.  I plan on buying it.  I absolutely LOVED this movie.  It brings me such wonderful memories.  I plan on sharing this movie with my children.
B000002A3T|4.0|After the dismal Momentary Lapse of Reason it seemed like Floyd without Waters was no Floyd at all, even though it is Gilmour's guitar that makes most of that work so enjoying.  Then, years later, this album came out and came oh-so-close to recapturing that magic. These songs sound like Floyd and the album definately has the feel of a genuine album, and the songs themselves are pretty good too. Remember though that I said it was ALMOST classic Floyd. First off, Gilmour's voice is simply not as good as Waters. Secondly, the first instrumental track isn't all that great, no where near One of These Days. This is not near Floyd's best but it is better than anyone expected it to be.
6303257844|5.0|This was a very good action film. This movie had everything that an audience could ever hope for. You had an excellent hero in the person of Keanu Reeves. You had a very evil villain with actor  Dennis Hopper. Your heroine was well played by Sandra Bullock. This movie featured outstanding special effects that made the handiwork of mad bomber Dennis Hopper even more realistic as well as being scary. Fron the opening scene on the elevator,the bus ride as well as the subway shot were very capable of keeping you on the edge of your seat. You could describe this movie as being a trend setter. Be sure to buy and watch this movie. You will not be dissapointed.
B000006TRV|5.0|Although I don't listen to this one as much as the other Floyd discs anymore this is definately worthy of the praise its been getting. If you don't own this album yet then you can not consider yourself a serious music fan, PERIOD.
6303421563|5.0|This has to be one of the more touching movies that I have seen. The professional hit man takes in a young girl whose entire family has been killed by crooked policemen. It is quite cute how the professional killer makes protecting the young girl one of his prime objectives. His teaching the child how to be a cleaner is also a good part of the movie. At the beginning of the movie the &quot;professional&quot; shows that he is good at what he does. He is truly a professional hit man. During the film he is constantly having to protect the child from imminent dangers. Besides being a touching movie it has excitement just as well. This movie has an excellent plot. This is a movie that you will not soon forget. Be sure to watch it. I wish that it could have ended differently.
B000002U9W|4.0|I'm going to get this out of the way, I do not like Alan's Psychadelic Breakfast. I can't stand those sounds and couldn't sit through the whole thing for a lump sum of money. It is the only Roger Waters-era Pink Floyd song that I don't like. With that out of the way, the other four songs are awesome.  The twenty minute opus Atom Heart Mother is all instrumental but as good as Echoes from Meddle. If is a great acoustic song, Summer of '69 is a great upbeat song, unlike a lot of Floyd songs, and Fat Old Sun shows off once again David Gilmour's phenomenal talent at guitar. This is not Floyd's best but it is still a worthy purchase.
1577311523|3.0|I purchased this book after seeing it reviewed in O magazine.  Now, I was a philosophy major in college so it's not like I'm dense or anything, but parts of this book completely left me scratching my head.  The basic premise is MARVELOUS and if you do nothing but take the THEME with you and make it a part of your life, well then the book is worth it's price.  But so much of this book bogs down in it's own mud that you have to be extraordinarily patient to plod through and pull out the gems.  Still... all that said... I am SO glad I read this book and it's one of those experiences that never leaves you... I find myself reflecting on it and reminding myself to LIVE by it all the time.
B000002C1V|4.0|If you like this album then you really like it and if you don't like it then you really don't like it.  This is like The Wall part two without one key ingredient, Gilmour's guitar. It seems oddly absent and makes the album sound more like a Roger Waters solo album. If you can accept that then you should enjoy this.
0780021150|5.0|\\"M\\" has everything you could hope in a great film. The acting by Peter Lorre, Gustaf Grndgens, Otto Wernicke, and the rest of the cast all perfectly convey the different personalities in this complex story.  The use of black &amp; white and shadows is very moody and haunting. The use of sound is very important since it will tell you things the camera isn't showing. The camera work itself is amazing. I especially love the long shot in the beginning of the scene of the beggars are signing up to watch the streets where the camera moves back and forth, up and into a room through a window without a cut.<br />\\"M\\" offers so much for the viewer -- thrills, suspense, humor, terror! I enjoy it more and more with every repeated viewing. Fritz Lang does more than just give ideas on insane criminals. He compares and contrasts the police and the underworld criminal systems. You learn about the &quot;state-of-the-art &quot; systems of that time. And the last words harken a most important message that unfortunately is still true today. Also, if you look deeper, you can even sense Lang's anti-Nazi sentiments.<br />It's a Criterion Collection DVD, so I had high expectations. I was disappointed with a lack of extras, but I happily noticed scenes that weren't on my VHS version. The picture was mostly clear with white lines rarely popping up. There were long passages of no sound at times, but it's possible it's supposed to be like that. (I no longer have my VHS version to compare.) The subtitles were clear and easy to read. There's interesting details on the film in the liner notes. And not like this would influence anyone's buying decisions, but I also loved the design on the case and the disc.
B000024D4R|5.0|We all know that Pink Floyd has put out some unbelievable music so it should be a very high compliment when I say this is my favorite of all their albums. As brilliant as most of the other ones are sometimes I'm just not in the mood to listen to them, but with Animals there's just something about it that I never tire of. It could be that I think Dogs is the best song ever, yes EVER! The lyrics are great too, Roger Waters is very strong in his distaste for the leaders of society and also the people who follow them. In similar fashion to the great book Animal Farm, he uses animals (dogs, sheep, pigs) to represent actual people. It's a great story with a surprisingly good ending. If you are hesitant because you heard that the songs are either too long or too short, trust me, these songs needed to be this long and never for one second get boring. To sum it all up, BUY THIS ALBUM OR YOU ARE A STUPID SHEEP!
B000002UA7|5.0|This is good for beginners but certainly nowhere near the 'whole story'. Kate Bush really isnt a 'greatest hits' person, shes one of the few artists where every song on her albums are spectacular! Even her b-sides are great, im not kidding! So this is good if you're a complete beignner and cant decide which Kate album to buy first. Otherwise Kate fans will buy it for 'Experiment IV' Wuthering heights new vocal and pictures.
B000002UA2|5.0|This CD is vastly underrated. It is really good and has some of Gilmour's most addicting guitar riffs. Get  don't pass this one up. Get the more popular ones first but don't pass this one up.
B00000DQSS|5.0|This is one of Kate's 'dark' albums, great to listen to at night. The cover says it all. The first time i listened to this i was captivated, songs such as 'Delius' and 'Infant kiss' have haunting melodys you will never forget. 'Babooshka' is one of Kate's best and most succesful songs.'Breathing' is also great, i consider it one of Kates best work. As with all Kates albums there are quirky songs such as 'Violin' love it (like me!) or hate it shows how original Kate is, i mean can you imagine any other artist screaming 'violin, violin, VIOLIN' at the top of their lungs in the same way as Kate? Absolutely not. Er, anyway other highlights include the brilliant 'Army dreamers' and 'Egypt' but true, there is not one bad song. One of those albums you really should buy, there are VERY few artists who can permanently touch you through their music like Kate. The only problem is that after listening to Kate, many people find it hard to enjoy other artists in the same way. Try listening to Britney Spears after this and she sounds like plastic :)
B000002U82|5.0|Although this is not even close to my favorite Floyd album, it is truly a masterpiece that deserves all the praise it's been given. It's no surprise to see how much of an impact this has had over the years because this music even today is a breakthrough in terms of musicianship and the flow of the album. For those of you not alive when this came out and love Radiohead's OK Computer, this was the album that inspired that album and you will love this just as much.
0783225857|5.0|&quot;To Kill a Mockingbird&quot; teaches morality in an emotionally engaging story better than any other book or movie with which I am familiar.  Watch it with your children several times.<br />It is appropriate for adults and children who can handle stories involving racial prejudice.   <br />Harper Lee, and everyone involved with this movie, have blessed us all with this gift.
B000002UA0|4.0|Interstellar Overdrive. You don't need to know anything else.
B00003CX95|5.0|Mel Gibson shows that he can direct and do a beautiful job at that.  This really is a must see movie.<br />It's obvious that no expense was spared for authenticity in props, clothing and setting. The sound track is amazing and though the movie runs long at three hours it does not seem to be enough time to tell this entire story.  Gibson has directed a classic.<br />Though this production necessarily cuts the story down to size (three hours would not even come close to the actual portrayal) it's really quite a spectacle...
B00004Y7SF|5.0|At first I was reluctant to purchase this CD, but now I am very glad I did.  This album includes a great mixture of remade traditional Christmas favorites and original Christina style pop songs.  Listening to the CD will send shivers down your spine, there is so much energy put into the music. Christina's voice really rocks these Chritmas songs the way they were meant to be.  I highly recommend the album for those of all ages.
6305428050|4.0|but the more i watch it as an adult, i haven't liked it as much. maybe i just watched it too often. it still is a good family film, recommended for everyone.
0553573403|1.0|As an avid reader of fantasy, I thought I had found a wonderful new series.  I read an average size book in 3 days.  It took me a week just to get through the first chapter of this book.  In fact, I put it down after a few hundred pages, never to be picked up again.  In all that time. I never found a character with substance or a plot that meant anything.  This book read like a pile of throwaways slapped together in order for the author to make some money.  DON'T BOTHER.  :-{
0316777722|4.0|&quot;Me Talk Pretty One Day&quot; is an apt title for Sedaris' well written book. After reading the reader is forced to admit that David has in fact learned to talk pretty through his lucid writting, yet his humor surpasses even his excellent grasp of the english language. The book would be amazing even if it had been written in simple declaritive sentences. The only problem I found with the book was that some of the stories started to drag on, and I wasnt engrossed as I was in some of his other books, notably Barrel Fever. Despite that flaw, David Sedaris' book easily deserves to be on everyone's shelf. The cost may be high, but you can't put a price on laughter...
B00003CXHJ|1.0|It is refeshing to know that some of the American reviewers of this film recognise the absolute fabrication this movie makes of the Enigma capture.  WWII British intelligence repeatedly advised the US Navy of the existence of a Nazi 'Enigma' machine which was coordinating U-boat attacks on US vessels but the information was ignored - much to the United States peril - they went on to lose multitudes of ships and human lives all along the eastern US seaboard.<br />It was not until an British vessel 'accidentally' found the machine on a captured U-boat that the actual device could be fully studied and was enough evidence for the US to finally take appropriate action.<br />Would it have been such a commercial trade off to have told the truth if this story was supposedly based on fact?<br />Mel Gibson must have practised on this one before he created 'Patriot Fiction' later in the year!!!
B000001ESJ|5.0|True Greatness.  This album defines perfection, taking us on a journey.  From the kings' last reign, to an epic poem realized.  An inward trip closer to the heart, an interpetation of Capracorn.  An elegant fantasy comes next giving no indication of the final voyage to the heart of a black hole.  The music is grand, complex, yet simple.  The greatest ever from the best band ever.
0316921173|4.0|Good points: Gripping story, readable style, original characters Bad points: Footnotes, bloody footnotes! Book ends too soon<br />This story is set in the not too distant future, and centres on a dysfunctional family. The father set up a tennis academy, and then disappeared, leaving behind him mysterious links to a mysterious video cassette, that no one ever wants to stop watching. The mother runs the tennis academy now. The central character, Hal, is a promising pupil at the academy. His elder brother was a star pupil but left, and became a football player. His ex-girlfriend was very beautiful, but may be no longer - she wears a veil, and is housed at a halfway house for addicts, near the academy. We meet many of the inmates of the halfway house.<br />That is about half of what you will find in this novel - it's long because there is so much in it. All of this is exqusitely arranged, so that although it may seem like War and Peace, it all becomes quite familiar. <br />There are many very annoying footnotes, which have you chopping back and forward from the end of the book to where you are reading, and personally, I lost patience with them in the end. I guess this is the price of postmodernity. Your mileage may vary.<br />Basically though, as a plain old novel, with narrative and ideas, this is a great piece of work. DFW stops early, and doesn't quite explain everything that is going on, but that doesn't matter too much - you enjoy the ride too much, and again, maybe the lack of a conclusion is postmodern, too. <br />Calling your book postmodern is a great excuse to not write a good book that obeys the rules that good books must obey. This book is postmodern, and it obeys the rules, most of the time, except for the footnotes, but those can be ignored, if you want. <br />The other thing that I got out of this book was a brilliant description of addiction and depression - I know depressives, and I understand them a lot better after reading this book, which has improved both my and their lives. Some people may think that you either love or hate this book - I think that most people will both love and hate this book, but it is hard to imagine anyone not finding something to love about it.
B00003Q438|4.0|but quite the adventure for sure. it isn't james cameron's best work. i don't think it deserves five stars just because it played too much on the cold war, which just ended after the movie came out. that's all.
B000002JS0|5.0|Hard rock is defined by this album. Loud, fun, raunchy, but clean and rhythmic. Some of the Young brothers' best work is on here as well as the other guys. Why you don't hear more of these tunes on the radio is mind-boggling. &quot;Live Wire&quot; and &quot;High Voltage&quot; are so underrated, and &quot;Rock and Roll Singer&quot; is as good as any early AC/DC work. AC/DC's ability to make smooth, bluesy sounding hard rock is what separates them, and this album, from the rest of the hard rock crowd. If you are a borderline AC/DC fan, you will be transformed after hearing this one, guaranteed.
B00003CX8J|5.0|THIS MOVIE HAS GOOD SPECIAL EFFECTS,JUMPS,KICKS AND FLIPS.THE DIRECTORS STARTED THIS MOVIE THE RIGHT WAY MEANING ALL OF THE X-MEN IN THIS MOVIE ARE THE ONES THAT STARTED THE X-MEN IN THE CARTOON.THE ONLY CHARACTER THAT IS MISSING THAT STATRED THE X-MEN IS (MORPH).MY FAVORITE X-MEN IN THIS MOVIE IS (WOLVERINE).IN THE CARTOON MY FAVORITE X-MEN IS (GAMBIT).MY FAVORITE VILLIAN IN THIS MOVIE IS (MAGNETO). THIS MOVIE IS WORTH THE MONEY.HERE SHOULD BE THE NEXT CHARACTERS OF X-MEN GAMBIT AND JUBILEE.ALSO IN THE NEXT X-MEN ROGUE SHOULD BE OLDER AND SHE SHOULD FLY CAUSE IN THE CARTOON ROGUE FLIES.BUY THIS MOVIE NOW.WATCH OUT IN THE YEAR 2001-02 X-MEN PART 2 .
B00003CXE7|5.0|Hey if you love action movies here is one right here! It's got people fighting to fighting tigers! It's got history about where the Roman's fought like in Germania and what the Roman's did in the collosium. Like i said if you love action movies this is the best movie you will wan't to buy!
B00000JGOH|5.0|Funny thing about &quot;Shakespeare in Love:&quot; I saw it in the theater when it first came out, and during the first segment of the film when Will was suffering a debilitating case of writer's block, the movie was interesting enough, the set design and costumes were enjoyable, etc., but it didn't seem to be particularly inspired. Later, however, Will meets Viola, he gets his creative muse back, and the film suddenly becomes MAGICAL. And it's exactly this kind of resonance between the plot and the film's direction that gives &quot;Shakepeare in Love&quot; that ineffable quality that distinguishes an Academy Award winner. This film went head-to-head with odds-on favorite &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; and WON; and although &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; was a powerful and devastating project, &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot; has the sort of sheer LYRICISM that one is so hard-pressed to find in mainstream movies today.<br />Allow me to gush about this film just a bit more. Certain sequences stand out. The editing of the film, back and forth, between rehearsals for &quot;Romeo and Juliet&quot; and Will &amp; Viola's steamy bedroom scenes (Shakespearean prose included), is an example of the lyricism I mention. The actual performance of the play, especially the final scene, before an enraptured audience brought tears to my eyes. And exactly how Dame Judi Dench (As Elizabeth I) could cram so much power into so little screen time is a marvel unto itself.<br />If anything, &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot; is a bit of a fantasy. It requires a considerable suspension of disbelief in assuming that Viola might pass so easily as a young man, Sir Thomas Kent, or that Viola existed at all. Still, this film is just a WONDERFUL story that along the way touches on the issues of sex roles and gender identity. Will Shakespeare's own ambiguous sexuality is even hinted at, however briefly. If you enjoy Shakespeare, you will love &quot;Shakespeare in Love.&quot;
B000051VWW|5.0|After an eight-year hiatus, Sade returns with a set of mellow tracks that make you want to light a candle, pour a glass of Merlot and relax.  Not only is she a timeless vocalist, she has the uncanny ability to weave within her music timely messages that are truly thought provoking.<br />Having been a Sade fan from &quot;back in the day,&quot; I must say I am truly impressed with EVERY track on the CD.  Each speak to a facet of &quot;being&quot; that is truly rewarding to experience.  While other reviewers may disagree, I must remind everyone &quot;the only constant is consistent change.&quot;  With that, Sade's latest project speaks of a level of maturation that is to be expected of an artist of her caliber.<br />Therefore, do yourself a favor, engage your mind and senses and pick up Lovers Rock, you will be glad you partook of the experience.
6305744742|4.0|this is one of the better comedies out there. the characters were well recreated too.
6305342741|5.0|Granted that the phenomenal success of Star Wars made major movie studios realize that science fiction movies were successful and bankable, if not profitable. The same could be said about the success of such film like Logan's Run-The Movie, Close Encounters Of the Third Kind, ALIEN, and Blade Runner. The studios in question immediately jumped on the sci-fi bandwagon. and managfed to come out with movies that were successful in some areas and not so successful in others. Basically movies with shlockey plots, cardboard characters, etc. However, some movies that were not so successful at first ended up becoming successful in the end. Despite its delay in entering the mainstream, Disney's first PG rated movie and space opera is a fine example of such a success story.<br />Despite its overtones of Jules Verne's 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea, and the 1956 classic Forbidden Planet, as well as its darker themes, The Black Hole is a very enjoyable and entertaining family film that has an outstanding cast. Academy-Award nominee Robert Forster, Joseph Bottoms, Yvette Mimiuex, Oscar winners Ernest Borgnine and Maximillian Schell, and the late Anthony Perkins, British actor Roddy McDowall, and Slim Pickens. The special effects are superb, the sets, and costumes are extraordinary, the soundtrack is haunting and memorable. It's ending is mindblowing and cerebral, if not religous in a way. And its plot is as solid as a rock. Definately worth viewing for those interested in Disney films and the science fiction genre. It may have been influenced by Star Wars, but it is still worth watching.<br />Trvia note-Actress Jennifer O'Neill was originally lined up for the role of Katherine McCrae, but due to an auto accident, she was replaced by Yvette Mimiuex.<br />Yvette Mimieux's husband is director Stanley Donan, who directed a science fiction film released a year later, about a killer robot. That film was none other than ITC Entertainment Group's Saturn 3.
0553106635|5.0|Wow... I dont know if there has ever been a fantasy series as well written, realistic, unpredictable, morally ambiguous and ruthlessly brutal as 'A Song of Fire and Ice' is. Despite this books considerable length (900 odd pages)I literally could not put it down for longer than 10 minutes, and spent the best part of 2 days engrossed in reading it.<br />In writing this book George R.R Martin has succeded in combining a brilliant narrative and 1st class dramatic writing, with conventional fantasy elements (magic, dragons etc) and a complex 'War of the Roses' type political situation to make a truly gripping and innovative fantasy novel. Indeed in some senses the book is almost a semi-historical fiction rather than pure fantasy novel because of the amount of elements and plot situations drawn from the 14th century English dynastic 'War of the Roses'. This serves to make the book an excellant read for anyone who is interested in medieval European/English history, regardless of whether they like the conventional fantasy genre or not.<br />However even if u dont care about the history i would have to recomend 'A Storm of Swords' and indeed the other 2 books in the series to just about anyone who can handle the fact, that these books are brutally Realpolitik, with a morally ambiguous situation (no clearcut good vs evil), brutally unpredictable twists (much loved main characters can and do die) and complex realistic style (none of the characters fits the true hero mold, all have their own weaknesses and dark side that readers may find repulsive).<br />In fact if there is anything bad about George R.R Martins writing it would have to be the fact that it takes him nearly 2 years to write each installment, which makes for a long and agonising wait.
0800141660|5.0|Warning!!! This is a biased review because this is my all time favorite movie. But here goes: Anyone who loves to be both visually and emotionally stimulated, you will love this adaptation of Jane Austen's wonderful novel. You don't have to be an avid Jane Austen fan to like this film. The costumes and especially the scenery were breathtaking. Kate Winslet's performance was spectacular and fit Jane Austen's description perfectly as did Emma Thompson. The score is to die for, subtle but moving. Everything about this movie is touching, but it is not too soppy or saccharine sweet. It is simple, yet outstanding. If you like this movie, I also recommend any period miniseris run by the BBC. Definitly avoid this movie if you do not like period movies, or movies with english sensibilities/language. But if you love great plots, actors, costumes and seeing the english countryside, WORSHIP THIS MOVIE!!!
B00004XOWM|3.0|Good album, but only a couple of good songs. The album is worth buying.
B000002VC5|5.0|Alan Parsons is an art rock hack.  He has beat the concept album  to death.  The Alan Parsons Project isn't even a real group. It is just a studio exercise. Even The Back Street Boys are a more real group.  But, Parsons has put out some great stuff.<br />Parsons was a studio engineer.  He had some impressive credentials, working on The Beatle's Abbey Road and Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon.  He got the concept album bug, and decided to start producing albums of his own.  He &quot;formed&quot; The Alan Parsons Project.  His first album (Tales of Mystery and Imagination) consisted of putting the words of Edgar Alan Poe to music. On the rest of his albums, he teamed with lyricist Eric Woolfson.  Both Parsons and Woolfson play keyboards.  Other than the keyboards, all music and vocals are done by a parade of studio musicians that change from song to song and album to album.  There are a few studio musicians that show up for a few songs on many of the albums, but the Alan Parsons Project was never a cohesive group.  This allows Parsons to expand the music beyond the confines of a group, but the results can be uneven.<br />The other factor resulting in the uneven quality of the albums is the need to fit the songs within the context of the concept album.  Sometimes the concept and the spacy, progressive rock music blend very well, as in I Robot.  Other times it doesn't work so well and the songs and music are forced into the concept (as in Turn of a Friendly Card-a rock album about gambling!).<br />Much of Parson's music borrows from the groups he engineered.  He is especially influenced by Pink Floyd.  A number of songs could easily be mistaken for David Gillmore solo material.  <br />I Robot is Parson's second album.  While it isn't his biggest seller (Eye In the Sky is), it is his most popular amoung his rabid fans and stoners in general.  This and Eye In the Sky are his best albums.  <br />As with most of Parson's albums, this one starts out with the overature.  Robot is an excellent spacy, mechanical instrumental that sets up entire mood of the album and the robot concept.  The flow of the songs is perfect for the concept, about man's unhumanity to a machine that develops feelings.  While it is kind of a nerdy, pretentious concept, it has a deeper meaning.  Most of the songs can stand on their own and have a relevance to the real world.  In addition, most of the music throughout is just great.
B000002TQV|3.0|This album is very mixed.  There are about 5 really good songs here (&quot;Planet Telex&quot;, &quot;The Bends&quot;, &quot;Just&quot; (which I consider their second-best song, after &quot;Paranoid Android&quot;), &quot;My Iron Lung&quot;, and &quot;Street Spirit (Fade Out)&quot;.  The rest of it, however, is basically filler--not necessarily bad, but all very similar, and not as inventive as the equivalent songs on _OK Computer_.  Indeed, that album took all the good parts of this one and (almost) none of the bad, squeezing more variety out of the stereotype of the Radiohead song than you could ever guess from listening to such relatively uninspired tracks as &quot;High and Dry&quot; or &quot;Sulk&quot;.  If you were impressed by the experimentation of _OK Computer_, as I was, _The Bends_ may be a little too much like 'alternative rock' for your tastes, even if there are some excellent songs on it.
B00004BZ0N|5.0|Surely, this is one of the most inspired, ecclectic works in rock and roll's history, but from the reviews of I've read on this page from critics and fellow listeners, you'd think that &quot;London Calling&quot; was the only great album this band has ever made.  It is not even their best album. For pure energy, attitude and revolutionary ideals (as well as very under-appreciated thoughtfulness) the Clash's self-titled first album is their crowning achievement.  The album is the epitome everything good that came out of the birth of punk rock.  This isn't to take anything away from London Calling, but to view it as the Clash's only great achievement is to denigrate the legacy of the greatest rock band in history, this side of the Ramones.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|While it's obvious that this CD does NOT represents a &quot;The Very Best of The Beatles&quot; album, I don't see a reason for complaining about the abscense of certain songs that just *didn't* hit the top of the charts (I talk specially about &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot;). With that said, I think this album reaches its objective: showing the new generation just a *piece* of the music made by the best band in the whole world. And if that was the intention, it had to be well-made: a nice-adorned booklet with picture sleeves from all over the world, an adequate introduction by Sir George Martin, the psychedelic Aveldon pictures of John, Paul, George and Ringo (which, by the way, are adorning almost ALL the music stores here in Chile) and the nice re-mastering work made in almost all the tracks, with the exception made of &quot;She Loves You&quot; (which HAS the horrible flop before &quot;apologize to her&quot) and &quot;Can't Buy Me Love&quot; (I don't know if it's my stereo, but it just DOESN'T sound quite like the rest of the album). This CD can't be reviewed JUST for the music: you need to see the context, you need to view the world that receives the music from &quot;1&quot;: it's the year 2000, and the new and younger music fans are (almost all of them) hearing rubbish music from &quot;pop stars&quot; owned by the record companies' executives or extremely low quality screams by so-called &quot;rock&quot; bands. It IS the time to show the new generation the roots of everything: it is the time for them to know that there won't ever be better musical moments than &quot;Hey Jude&quot;, the guitar fiffs on &quot;I Feel Fine&quot; and &quot;Day Tripper&quot;, the heart-breaking melodies of &quot;Let It Be&quot;, &quot;Something&quot; and &quot;The Long And Winding Road&quot;, the fresh and pure sounds of &quot;I Want To Hold Your Hand&quot; or &quot;Help!&quot;, etc. And the very fact that these bunch of 27 songs ALL reached #1 on the charts in a period of lessthan 7 years, and that this album reached #1 on the charts from almost ALL THE WORLD.  30 years after the group's departure, is amazing. I think this CD represents a new introduction to the Beatles music to new fans, so the hard-core fan should not buy it for himself: he should buy lots of copies and give them to their friends who don't believe in the magic that The Beatles represents to him. I'm a 18 year old fan, I have all the studio albums by The Beatles, and, inspite of all those things, I DID buy &quot;1&quot;, just because it had the &quot;Beatles&quot; logo on the cover and the &quot;Apple&quot; logo on the back... But I'm also gonna give a couple of copies of &quot;1&quot; to some of my friends for Xmas. And I'm sure they're going to want to hear some more of these guys, because this CD represents the most-known songs of The Beatles (and surely they'll recognize most of them), but the best is not necesarily here, and the people who are not Beatle fans now, but will someday after hearing this CD, also diserve to hear and enjoy it.
B000002HRE|2.0|Metallica disappointed me and I believe most of their fans with this album.  Their attempt to use their past albums successful name to drive sales just proves that they were not even content with this albums contents.  Get the &quot;Black album&quot; and Load years before this.  How unfortunate they ever released this.
B000002VCB|3.0|Not every album deserves 5 stars.  Giving high rankings to everything by one artist dilutes the value of the 5 (or even 4) star rating.  <br />This album is a little different than other Parsons albums.  It is more song oriented and relies less on the spacy, driving progressive instrumental interludes.  It starts out strong, especially with You Lie Down With Dogs and I'd Rather Be a Man, but gets weak in the middle.  I find the one hit from this album (Damned If I Do) to be just annoying.  But that is the way with most hits.  They are usually the weakest material on the album.  They hummable and stick in your mind and appeal to the lowest common denominator.  Some of the other songs are bland and boring, like Don't Hold Back.  But the album ends strongly with If I Could Change Your Mind.<br />This is Parson's fourth album.  It isn't bad, it just isn't as good as the first two (Tales of Mystery and Imagination and I Robot) or the sixth (Eye in the Sky).  It is certainly better than the lame concept album about gambing (Turn of a Friendly Card).<br />Parsons was a studio engineer who worked on the Beatles' Abbey Road and Pink Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon.  He &quot;formed&quot; the Alan Parsons Project which is basically material written by Parsons and Eric Woolfson and performed mostly by studio musicians.  Parsons is the concept album king.  Each album revolves around some concept.  Sometimes it works and sometimes if fails miserably.  This album has a looser concept than most.  All the songs are about women, but nothing deeper than that.  Some have misinterpreted this as being degrading to women, but it is actually a fairly positive album.  It is just that most of the songs are not very strong, and the music isn't good enough to compensate for it.
B000002UJQ|4.0|It amazes me that this is the same band who created _Pablo Honey_, a boring and supremely ordinary album.  On _OK Computer_, Radiohead has honed their skill into something unique and wonderful, an experimental take on &quot;alternative rock&quot; that goes far beyond its genre.  Unlike some reviewers, I won't say that this is the best album of the 90s (I think that honor goes to The Olivia Tremor Control's _Black Foliage_, if you skip track 19), or that it represents all that's wrong with the foundations Western society.  However, there is some really beautiful music here.  &quot;Paranoid Android&quot; is by far the best song Radiohead has done, and the way it leads into the open space of &quot;Subterranean Homesick Alien&quot; sends chills down my spine.  The larger-scale form as &quot;Karma Police&quot; leads into &quot;Fitter Happier&quot; and then explodes into &quot;Electioneering&quot; (with one of the best percussion tracks I've heard in a hard rock song in a long time) is also wonderful.  And of course, the last sound in this album is a great touch.  So why do I give it four stars instead of five?  Well, &quot;Let Down&quot; was a let down, and &quot;No Surprises&quot; didn't have any...and it got a little slow around the end... but that's _OK_. ;)
0441172717|5.0|A lot has been said and written about Dune, but if there is one thing most people tend to agree on, it is that Dune is truly a masterpiece, unique in its own right. Epic is the best way to describe it, reminiscent of Tolkien's Lord of the Rings. Just like Tolkien's masterpiece, Dune deserves a place on everyone's book shelf. In a way, finishing this book might be a little disappointing, because you really wish there was no end to it. The Bible can only be written once, and so it is with Dune. Though I have read the sequels to Dune, they really cannot compare to the original. My advice is to read and experience Dune, but if you want to read the sequels, keep an open mind, because Herbert has fallen into the trap that most sequels of succesful movies have fallen into: they really do not add anything, and make you wish you could erase the memories of the sequel(s), so you can think of the original as truly being unique. The sequel is no equal, especially so when it comes to Dune.
B000002H97|4.0|Probably the best Metallica album.  Nothing Else Matters is my personal favorite, but probably just because I'm not much of a metal head.  But this album is great all the way through, and can entertain even those of us who are not normally into metal.  Metallica is truly a creative and artistic force, and they changed music.  This is their definitive album, and a must have for all Music fans, regardless of your favorite style.
B000002UEB|5.0|After wearing out several copies of the cassette, I'm on my 2nd copy of the CD. Operation:Mindcrime is a classic - every band member performed beautifully.  Geoff Tate's vocals make you feel the emotion of every song. Though &quot;concept albums&quot; often don't appeal to me, the &quot;story&quot; of Operation:Mindcrime is mesmerizing.  I was fortunate enough to see Operation:Mindcrime performed live in Washington, DC several years ago, and still consider it the best concert I've ever attended.  Purchase this outstanding work - you won't be sorry.
079070546X|5.0|Hands down the funniest Christmas movie of all-time! You've just got to pity poor Clark Griswald (Chevy Chase) who tries his darndest to host a &quot;fun-filled family Christmas&quot; only to be victimized by every disaster imaginable. Of course, it's all done for laughs and quite frankly, nearly every scene in &quot;Christmas Vacation&quot; rates very high on the Laugh-O-Meter! This film makes light of the commercialism of Christmas -- be it the search for the perfect tree, waiting for that big year-end bonus at work, or the stress of shopping -- and twists it into a brilliant satire to which everyone can relate. But most of all, this is a movie about family, or more specifically, the family members we only see on &quot;special&quot; occasions. And my goodness, what a motley bunch the Griswalds are! In fact, Randy Quaid as the pea-brained, red-neck Cousin Eddie nearly steals the movie. Quaid doesn't merely light up the screen, he practically BLOWS it up every single second he is on camera. Everything about Eddie-- from his sauve selection of leisure suits to his filthy &quot;tenament on wheels&quot;-- is funny beyond imagination. The dialogue between Clark (the straight man) and Eddie is pure comic genius. Eddie, however, is merely a fool among many in &quot;Christmas Vacation&quot;. Everyone can relate to the fighting in-laws, the cheapskate boss, and the senile Aunt Bethany and Uncle Louis as they all wreak havoc on what should be the best time of the year. Plain and simple, &quot;Christmas Vacation&quot; is such a hoot because we all share a bit of Clark Griswald's romantic vision of a perfect holiday. And most of us, not unlike Clark, experience a complete meltdown once the shopping begins and the relatives arrive. Around our home, we watch this movie at least 5 times every year during the Holiday Season. &quot;Christmas Vacation&quot; is the perfect cure for the Holiday Blues. An absolute comedy classic!
B000005JA8|5.0|First, a confession.  About a week ago I left this cd in my car stereo with hopes that my wife would listen to it. I have been able to periodically introduce her to great stuff she might not otherwise touch with the trick.  I was about halfway through &quot;Pachuco Cadaver&quot; and, remembering that she likes the Gang of Four, decided to leave it there (the rhythm in &quot;Pachuco&quot; is easily the early roots of 'Entertainment' for the curious). <br /> Some hours later (me, honestly, having forgotten about my ploy) she turns to me and says &quot;oh, I listened to some of that Captain Beefheart you left in the player?  That thing is WEIRD. Of course, I only got through about 30 seconds before I saw the Radiohead cd on the floor, so...&quot; I assured her she was not misjudging the album.  It is weird. It is also wonderful and I guess it is a bit much for me to expect her to have the same feeling right off the cuff that I have for it now.  It took about two years for me to totally appreciate it.  Now I'm addicted.<br /> I also note that it has been hip for awhile to downgrade this album saying it is in dire need of an editor. I admit, I could trim it to 15 tracks and not miss anything.  But I've been around enough to see several people's lists of &quot;perfect&quot; Trout Mask running orders and you know what? THEY'RE ALL DIFFERENT! This tells me that every song deserves to stay. If you don't like a track, hit the forward. Or program the disc.  But come back from time to time and play the whole thing.  See what new has grown on you.  And marvel at the music itself...a total rethinking of rock and blues, similar to what Ornette Coleman and Cecil Tayor had been doing in jazz.  Not just noise, but a genuine turning of the whole business of rock around.  I won't list favorites, because you'll find your own, and besides it's all worth a listen. <br /> Oh yeah, and my wife was right about one thing, even if she did only give it 30 seconds.  It is weird. Fast n' bulbousalso. Mount it on your wall and play it often.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I put off buying this album for a long time thinking she couldn't be that good.  I'll stick with my Ella Fitzgerald and Billy Holiday.  But I'm so glad I came around and picked up a copy.  This recording is truly a modern great in jazz vocals.  She quickly draws me into the music.  Not just her voice, but also her playing.  She is a master at the piano (she started her lessons at age 4).  This album is a beautifully recorded, romantic, jazz masterpiece, and is a must own for any jazz collector or lover.  It will be on of the great recording of our time.
B00004R7AP|5.0|My first contact with &quot;The Corrs&quot; was when I saw they performing live on TV next to Pavarotti, and their beautiful voices and music left me breathless.  I went to the Store and saw this video, and I thought: &quot;If they can make a good Unplugged, they can make a good anything&quot;. I bought the video and when I put it on, I stayed completely away from reality from the beginning to the end. If you have listened to the Unplugged CD, you know what I'm talking about: great music, strong vocals, beautifull lyrics...But watching the video gives you a closer idea of what &quot;The Corrs&quot; do: they enjoy making music, and it goes reflected right to the screen.  Plus, the video features (I think) the most beautiful songs of the group, including tracks from their first and second albums, and some songs never recorded. You get a lot of rythms whit this video: ballads, irish music, pop and rock, all of them performed with great feeling and quality, even better than their original recordings.<br /> In resume:  If you already know their music, you know about the quality I'm talking about, but if you don't, this video won't let you a doubt about it.
B000050XEI|5.0|I'm a Filipino and I'm familiar with Enya's music when I was still in Manila, Philippines, where I first heard her wonderful, rare, precious and needed music. When I heared about her coming latest release (a day without rain), I couldn't hardly wait to purchase it. This album is excellent in terms of lyrics, melody, sense, and serious listening. I can't find any negative thoughts about her music, from her first albums and latest. Although some of her songs are short that determines the total lenght of this album, I actually do not notice it ev'ry time I listen to this album. What enchants me the most - that makes this an excellent kind of music - is the music content combined with unique arrangements. And also, for me the cover artworks of her albums are similar to precious paintings which have personalities - beautiful inside and outside.<br /> It's worth the money spent on precious, rare and sensible kind of music. And I'm lucky enough to have her albums easy to acquire that some other sensible music artists have been ignored and hard to find. <br /> Keep up the good work Enya.
6305291489|5.0|I have not seen the original, but this is an absolutely wonderful movie!<br />While no movie is ever perfect and if you wanted to really look for them you could find a few flaws,  why spoil it?<br />The cast and preformances are first rate.  The script is excellent and it is filled with a lot of nice little touches (Annie, disguised as Hallie wearing a t-shirt for her father's vineyard.  Sammy the dog knowing that it wasn't Hallie who came home. Grandfather James having Martin give Annie a pack of cards as she went to camp. Hallie's (disugised as Annie) knowledge of wine when dining at her mother's)<br />As for the most commonly cited flaw in this movie:  Two parents splitting up and splitting thier twins.  The general impression I get is that when Nick and Elizabeth's marriage broke up neither side was ready for it and they improvised.  People going through divorces are not always the most rational in the first place.<br />The bottom line is, this is a great movie for all ages.  It has characters who are likable and who you wish you could meet in real life.  When a book or movie meets that threshold it's special.
B00000I8UF|5.0|The quality of this remaster is outstanding.  I have fallen in love with all of the Rudy Van Gelder remasters on Blue Note.  This CD is the definitive Art Blakey.  Every track makes you tap your foot and smile.  If you get any Art Blakey, get this.  And second buy his Live at Birdland, you won't regret it.  This CD is truly one of Jazz greats and should not be forgotten.  This is a great place to start in 50's and 60's accoustic jazz too, so if you are new to the genere this is a great purchase.
B000050XEI|5.0|I don't actually have the album yet, but I plan to have it for the holidays so my family can enjoy Enya's angelic recordings.  I have all of her previous US releases (from &quot;The Celts&quot; to &quot;Paint The Sky With Stars&quot;) and have eagerly awaited this new album. <br />After previewing the tracks online, the album creates an elegant and lush soundscape that is absolutely spellbinding - especially &quot;Only Time&quot; and &quot;Lazy Days.&quot;<br />Though one can hear some faint echoes of her past work in this new CD, she has certainly built on a solid foundation and created a work that is at once familiar and yet fascinatingly new at the same time.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|Because none of Sgt Pepper was released as singles. The intention of Sgt Pepper was to listen to the entire album as a whole that's why you won't find A Day in the Life or Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds in here. Still that was no excuse to leave out Please Please Me, one of their first hits.
0441172717|4.0|This is THE best Science Fiction Novel without focusing more on the will-be-available-in-the-future gadgets and space journey.  I like the story, I like the characters, and I wish somebody will make the movie based on this novel with good special effects and actions (I've seen the old movie, it was boring compared to the Novel).
B000002N3N|5.0|I'm not a huge, know it all Enya fan.  But I do like her music very much.  Of the few CD's I've heard by Enya, this is my favorite.  I LOVE the song Anywhere Is (track 2).  It is pleasent and uplifting.  It makes me smile and want to twirl in circles.  Maybe this doesn't help anyone else want to buy the CD, but if you need some incentive: the CD is soothing and light to listen to. It would be a great CD to buy if that is the type of thing you are looking for.
0380977281|5.0|The world nowadays is so devoid of fairy tale crafters that it is a wonder we are graced with Neil Gaiman's work. Mind you, this is not the watered down stuff put out by Disney, but something with depth and character.<br />In this book, Neil Gaiman take us into a journey into a world of magic and wonder, of delicate beauty and blood-freezing horror. But what, perhaps, most impresses me is the way the events of the story have a sense of rightness, a feeling that they were destined to be, but, at the same time, without being brought by fate. And this is done with such an apparent ease that one is never bereft of the suspension of disbelief.<br />It is my personal belief that Neil Gaiman is one of greatest crafters of tales in humanity's history, a name that will be remembered by our descendants long past our time, if they are any lucky. While Stardust is not his greatest work, it is a great work, unlikely to leave anyone disappointed.
B000051VWW|5.0|Soul returns to the radio. We should all remember that music is first and foremost art - the soulful expression of an idea, a feeling, and attitude, even a revelation. And whether it's Sade's music or someone else's it is art and we are invited to respond to it as we respond to all things spritual/sensual/virtual. This new music by Sade is art that satisfies all of the senses. She uses all of her best instruments to bring about a real groove and take the listener deeper into love and life and back again. Her voice, the main instrument, is better than ever - smokey and sweet and full of subtle nuances that you have to listen to intently to hear. In this new music her lyrics are bolder and more revalatory and they operate like the instruments of truth in the music. If you listen, it becomes clearer with every phrase that Sade is saying some heavy things about love that is more than sensual but spiritual, cultural and even political. Her band backs it all up with some of the deftest guitar work and sublte percussion that I have heard in a very long time. Put it all together and you've got Sade - the artisit - at her best so far. One last note... much is made of Sade's reclusiveness and her reluctance to go before the camera but let me say, if you really listen to this new cd, you will learn much more about the artist than an appearnce on Jay Leno or MTV. Bravo Sade. The &quot;Soul&quot; returns!
6302787556|5.0|Surely the most expected and critically looked at film Spike has made, he did an excellent job.  It remains a movie, in the Spike Lee tradition of great music, interesting and characteristic shots, like seeing him sort of sliding towards the camera, a common device in Spike Lee movies.  While I thought Denzel wouldn't look like Malcolm X, who was light skinned and lanky, he does such an amazing job.  It stays pretty true to Malcolm's autobiography, and the ending scene is rather positive and uplifting.  Along with Gandhi, this is one of the best film biographies ever made, a true epic, and an achievement for Spike Lee. He deftly blends his artistic side with the true and sober representation of an American icon. One only wonders whether his movie came out further commoditized the man and then went and took him out of fashion.  That would be a negative side effect, if true.
B000003CMD|5.0|Ok, no duane.  no berry.  but man! what an album.  Jessica is the best song i have ever heard.  ramblin man is...ramblin man, also one of my all time (top 3) favorites.  Southbound rocks in a way that only the band that brought one way out, jessica, ramblin man, and mountain jam can.  every other song is very very good filler material, but not quite to the extent that the three previous studio albums were.  this album has some of the best songs the allmans ever came out with, but they are quite different than the original band, more country than their earlier blues period-when duane was around.  this is a MUST HAVE for an allman brothers fan, but after you get &quot;eat a peach&quot;, &quot;beginnings&quot;, and &quot;the fillmore concerts&quot;.  Overall, it is their fourth best album, but better than 99% of the stuff that other bands put out.  <br />i say that this is the new allmans at their peak because they will use this style for the next decade and a half.  when they reemerge in the 1990's, they go back to their blues roots, though it is not as good as anything they made before 1975.
B00003XB8K|5.0|Enigma has been my favorite group since I was in second grade. My sister got the cd single of the cross of changes &quot;Return to Innocence&quot; and after hearing it, I fell in love. The music video for that song is really cool too, but, I am here to talk about my favorite (Now and Forever)cd. When I realized the band who did Return to Innocence had a name I'd been looking for for half of my short life (I'm turning 14 tommarow, as a b-day present why don't you claim this helpful for me) and here it was: Enigma. I then found out that they had a new cd out, The Screen Behind the Mirror. The cover was cool, but I was sceptic. The same sister with the single tape got the tape of this albumn, and let me listen to it. I knew I had to get it, for better or for worse, but I really had no nomey. No matter, I got it on the last week of fenruary, and still it is my favorite cd to this day, here is a track by track listing that will actually give information.<br />1) The Gate: This one I skip over, it's more like a mellowing song that gets you in the mood for the next song, and the rest of the cd, it's kind of boring, but you have to listen to it the first time you plop it in your radio and prepare for some grooves. But as I am in the mood for it 24/7 being the fanatic that I am, I usually just push skip and start from two.<br />2) Push the Limits: Now for those of you who do, I don't, this is a GREAT song to dance to, the eerie vocals, the beat, the length (6:27) is perfect. I just like to chill to it and be &quot;Inspired my my inner self&quot; no matter how stupid that sounds.<br />3) Gravity of Love: The greatest dong on the albumn. The song consists of Olive's Ruth-Ann as the Main vocal and distorted choirs taken from the song Carmina Burana (o' Fortuna) Which are used for the chorus, and add to the effect, everytime I fist here here sing the main line, followed by the people dudes, I get chills and sing badly of key along. <br />4: Smell of Desire: This song is anothergood one, but alas, it is like the song The gate, not much to say after that.<br />5: Modern Crusaders: This song is anything BUT Enigma like. It sounds more rock then aura filled silence. It is really catchy, but it scares me.<br />6: Traces (Light and Weight): This one is very soothing, it makes you want to meditate,which is also scary. But it is very cool sounding, you'll like this!<br />7: The Screen Behind the Mirror: This song you'll like if you like Gravity of Love it contains the same lyrics, and is tre cool!<br />8: Endless Quest &amp; 9:Camera Obscura : This song really has a good beat, and it goes right into the fast paced song #9 which says is lyrics backwards, adding a punch.<br />10) Between Mind and Heart: This song makes me want to cry. It reminds me of someone leaving home, or having their lover die. It is a really good song, slow and it has great words! This is my second favorite song on the albumn!<br />11) Silence Must Be Heard: Alas, another song sung by Ruth-Ann, of whom we all love her voice. This song actually has the male voice we here as the main singer in past albums singing little bridges to the chous' which makes it very neat. This song is a perfect one for the ending of the albumn, and if you listen to song one, you find that this song ends, right where it starts....
B00004Z459|5.0|Linkin Park is a great band, this cd has a mixture of everything.  There is hard rock, a little in between, and there is slow songs, and they even have a track where they let there dj go nuts. Since i bought the cd i have listened to it about 16 times, and the best part is, its one of those cds that u listen and like every song. My favorite song on the cd is &quot;In the End&quot; which is a slow song, the lyrics are really great.  I would really recomend this cd.  I am a big Pm5k fan, and although it is not much like them, it is still a great cd.
6305451591|5.0|I loved this movie. It's very touching. The first time I heard about it was from a friend who said it was a holocaust comedy. When she said that I thought &quot;Holocust comedy?&quot; I watched it with her and loved it. It doesn't concentrate on the gory stuff in the holocust but a father's love for his son who can make life beautiful for him even in the worst of times. I highly recomend this movie. Get the dub or sub, it doesn't matter. i have seen both versions and in the dub, the Italine actors voice over in english so you still here Guido's voice so you don't have to worry about bad voice actors. I guess English is a second lauguage in Italy.
B00001NFCY|3.0|R-E-S-P-E-C-T.....so simple to spell, so hard to earn. While Florida's own Creed has sold millions of albums(6 million to date--and that's copies of Human Clay alone), they cannot seem to shake their detractors. Nine Inch Nails frontman Trent Reznor once remarked of the group, &quot;Listening to their music strangely makes me want to join a Satanic cult.&quot; On their sophomore effort, one can't help but wonder exactly how hard the group was trying to break free from the threshold of disrespect and ambiguity. Having had the success of their major-label debut come completely out of left field, there's no doubt that the group--lead singer Scott Stapp, in particular--were looking to shed any one-album-wonder shackles. In the process, they have turned out a fairly mediocre album.<br /> There something to be said for taking the time to think things through. Human Clay feels as if it was written and created in two weeks flat. The record as a whole lacks the continuity and the punch of their first effort; as far as song quality is concerned, most fall short of even the lesser known tracks from &quot;My Own Prison&quot;. &quot;Higher&quot;, the first and most notable track from the disc, breaks no new ground, stylistically or otherwise, and basks in its undeserved success as the new anthem for the group's fans everywhere. Thrashers like &quot;Beautiful&quot; and &quot;What If&quot;(which also made an appearance on the lackluster &quot;Scream 3&quot; soundtrack)will undoubtedly keep mosh pitting teens pleased, but lack any real passion, despite Stapp's snarling lead vocals. True vocal passion, as anyone knows, comes from the inside out, and Stapp seems to be oddly lacking that. The highlight of the album, is a song Stapp wrote for his newborn son, &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot;. With a beautifully understated background that proves less really is more, the tender sentiment is touching and sweet, and Stapp tones down his vocals enough to prove that he has a fairly pleasantvoice. But when has hard rock ever supposed to have been sweet?<br /><br />This album has done quite well, as their next one will undoubtedly do so. But we can only hope that on the next one, Stapp will stick with songs like &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot;, songs he truly feels from the inside out. Now THAT'S passion.
B00004UEI7|5.0|From the cover to the contents this disc is suffused with a dry free cool. Listen as Sonny idly weaves his way to heights then loops back down to swing real low with upfront self-assurance delivering notes on the clear crest of Time. Each of his phrases is as cleanly articulate as a desert landscape in dead-on Sun, yet cool as Lester Young in multiplicity. By no means don't rush, this music wouldn't want you to, but sometime please find your way to buying it. No time limit, this stuff is timeless.
0789723107|5.0|Great book! The clarity and layout of this book, is in itself a study in concise information delivery. Of course, to do anything less would understate the title of the book.   It is truly advice that is common sense in an environment that tends to skew towards the complicated. It's nice to know that &quot;Keeping It Simple&quot; has enduring value.
B000051VWW|5.0|I've been chomping at the bit waiting for Amazon to deliver my CD and it finally arrived.  I've listened to it over and over.  Love Deluxe is my favorite Sade CD to date and in my opinion if you loved Love Deluxe, you'll love Lovers Rock.  I love the pared down sound and more Sade!  I love &quot;Somebody Already Broke My Heart&quot;; it rings in me the same way &quot;Kiss of Life&quot; does.  I expect to be just as happy listening to Lovers Rock in 10 years as I have been listening to Love Deluxe for the last 10 years.
B000002N2Z|5.0|Words can't explain...or can they?  When I first heard The Deftones, I was like, &quot;What is this..noise?&quot;  But after listening to it a couple more times, I was like...&quot;wait a minute...this is really good.&quot;  It's an acquired taste, like coffee, but once you get it, you just can't get enough of it.  It's like a drug.<br />The Deftones are classic when it comes to &quot;the metal side of things.&quot;  This album in particular, in my opinion, is a more raw version of the band, and in the musical sense, the most immature of all three albums.  But that doesn't mean it doesn't rock - it's probably my most played cd ever.  Every song is so explosive, so full of emotion, so full of rage, that you'd have to ask yourself, &quot;Wow, have I really heard the potential of what a metal band can do until now?&quot;  A great introduction to Deftones' work, I would say this is one of the most releasing albums of all time.  The Deftones have this special gift of creating the most intimate music I've ever heard...(especially the way Chino's voice parallels with the guitar and bass rifts, and crazy drum beats)..it's exalting.  It's intoxicating.  It's just dreamy.  Get this album, give it a chance, and you too might become a deftones addict :).
0316777722|4.0|I brought Me Talk Pretty One Day on vacation with me recently and spent the entire time interrupting my husband's reading with hysterical tears of laughter.  I basically read the entire book out loud to him because you can't just read a portion of it.  He has such a wonderful ability of describing his life and the people around him. (I can't believe that some of this stuff actually happened).  It's a light read and I would recommend it to everyone.
B0000047CX|5.0|Back in 1972, when I was 15, I heard this record for the first time. One of my sister's boyfriends had left it behind. On sultry summer nights in the following years, my young friends and I listened in quiet awe to it's gentle songs while sitting in the evening dark next to the backyard swimming pool. It blended with the nightly crickets and frogs surrounding us. Not everyone who grew up in the 1970's was listening to disco. We loved Joao, Astrud &amp; Stan- and many other jazz artists. This particular record transcends culture, time and passing styles. I'm glad it is being recognized and enjoyed by so many now. It's love songs dissolve the turmoil of this world with adult calm and assurance. We all need to hear more of that. It is a remarkable milestone in human art.
B000002BBY|4.0|WHAT'S THE STORY (MORNING GLORY)? is much like it's predecessor, DEFINITELY MAYBE, in its unevenness and and its memorableness.  Both albums have some throw away songs (especially this one), but the strong songs still make the album excellent overall.<br />The sound on this album isn't too different from the debut: monster guitar riffs, Liam's brash singing, and Noel's terribly catchy melodies.  A little more ambitious, this album also features some use of string arrangements, most memorably on &quot;Wonderwall.&quot;  Just call Oasis an angrier, louder version of The Beatles--this a band that wears its influences on its sleeves.<br />The strongest songs are &quot;Wonderwall,&quot; &quot;Don't Look Back in Anger,&quot; &quot;Cast No Shadow,&quot; and the epic &quot;Champagne Supernova.&quot;  &quot;Wonderwall&quot; is a love song, one of the best singles of the nineties, and pop perfection.  &quot;Don't Look Back in Anger&quot; lifts its intro from John Lennon's &quot;Imagine&quot; but the song still works.  It's a sad story about a man and girlfriend who are being separated.  &quot;Cast No Shadow&quot; is reportedly about the former lead singer of the Verve, Richard Ashcroft--it shows that Oasis can do more than love songs (although they do some pretty awesome love songs).  And &quot;Champagne Supernova&quot; is epic, clocking in at almost eight minutes, and arrogantly assuming it's worth all that time.  I think it gets a wee bit long at the end, but the substance is there.<br />There are other places where Noel is openly lifting some tune or riff from another song (there's one spot that sounds suspiciously  like REM's &quot;The One I Love&quot;).  In the end that doesn't make this album anything less than great and worth buying.  This is the last great album Oasis produced before they slipped into mediocrity (hopefully they can pull themselves around soon)--and the guitar work and melodies, despite their occasionally derivative nature, are wholly irresistable.<br/>Highly recommended.  If you like this, you ought to buy the debut album from Oasis, DEFINITELY MAYBE, as well.
0140186395|4.0|This is a very good book, but not my favorite from Steinbeck.  (Unfortunately any book by John Steinbeck automatically gets compared to other books by......John Steinbeck.  That's pretty tough competition.)<br />The main drawback for me was the characters - they weren't as &quot;real&quot; as others he's created.  In the &quot;Grapes of Wrath&quot;, for instance, I could easily imagine any of the characters as actual people I could meet (if I lived in the 30's).  I didn't feel that way about anyone in this book.  I realize he made everyone more extreme to help show the contrast of good vs evil, but a 5-star novel should be able to make a strong point about human nature without resorting to characters that are often more symbolic than real.  <br />Having said that, this is still a wonderful book to read.  One aspect I loved (that I haven't seen mentioned in other reviews) is how Steinbeck wove the story of a region &quot;growing up&quot; with the stories of his characters.  Too often, the history of an area talks in great detail about how it was first discovered and settled - and then jumps all the way to the present.  But sometimes the most interesting stories are how an area got to the present - How did all the land get taken?  How did people react to the first cars?  What were the early cities like?  This book has all those little tidbits and more - telling us how the Salinas Valley grew up.<br />And, like so many other reviewers, I found the philisophical journeys amazing.  The story of &quot;timshel&quot; (&quot;thou mayest&quot;, versus &quot;thou shalt&quot; or &quot;do thou&quot;) was great, and chapter 34 distilled good versus evil down to its essence - I got chills reading it.  Another reviewer called Steinbeck a genius, and I agree.  Still, I don't think East of Eden compares to some of his other greater works.
B000002AS3|4.0|In the States, most people know Oasis for &quot;Wonderwall&quot; and &quot;Champagne Supernova&quot; and other gems off their second album.  Their debut album, DEFINITELY MAYBE, is arguably the better one, a wonderful combination of youthful attitude and catchy melodies.<br />DEFINITELY MAYBE displays all the promise that Oasis had when they were just starting (a promise that has since been betrayed by their mediocre most recent work).  The ingredients: loud and aggressive guitar work from Noel, some timeless melodies, and the trademark sneer and arrogance in Liam's singing.  Liam's voice seems even brasher in this album than it did in the follow-up, and it works darn well.  The songs just exude confidence.<br />The best tracks are probably &quot;Live Forever,&quot; &quot;Supersonic,&quot; and &quot;Slide Away.&quot;  &quot;Live Forever&quot; is probably a better single than &quot;Wonderwall&quot;--great tune, great work by Liam.  The melody is pure exuberance and arrogance, especially on the memorable chorus.  &quot;Supersonic&quot; has a monster guitar riff, and it's one of the best pure rock songs they've ever done.  &quot;Slide Away&quot; is a monster of a love song--loud, brash, but with lyrics and a melody that pull on your heart: &quot;Now that you're mine  / We'll find a way of chasing the sun / Let me be the one who shines with you / In the morning when we don't know what to do.&quot;  The last track, &quot;Married With Children,&quot; is quite soft and gentle.  It says quite a lot that Oasis managed to pull off two such different songs (&quot;Supersonic&quot; and &quot;Married With Children&quot;) on one album.  There are a couple throwaway tracks (&quot;Digsy's Diner&quot; comes to mind), but overall the album is just as good as WHAT'S THE STORY (MORNING GLORY)?<br />This album is highly recommended to anyone who liked &quot;Wonderwall&quot; and the other singles off the second album.  Both albums have their weak spots, but the strong songs compensate very well.  Also recommended to Oasis fans: Travis's THE MAN WHO (similar melodically, but much quieter.)
B00003CWTI|5.0|If you don't like artsy movies, don't watch artsy movies.  One  &quot;critic&quot; said this is for psuedo-intellectuals.  My response to that would be, if it makes you feel better to call me a pseudo intellectual because you didn't get it - then so be it.  He is right though, you do need brains to watch and understand this movie.  I know it is not one of those big special effects and eye candy drivel movies that the other &quot;critic&quot; probably likes, but I figure it did the trick for me. <br />Stunning and captivating!  I thirst for more, enlighten me again Mr. Anderson.  Life is dark and beautiful at the same time, don't you think?  My favorite line from the movie is, &quot;You may be done with the past, but the past is not done with you.&quot;
B00003CX8J|4.0|X-Men was the second best movie of the summer, following closely to Gladiator.  It's a great flick and perhaps the best comic book-to-film movie ever.<br />With all of this going for it, you would think that Fox would want to release a great DVD.  However, what they ended up with is only pretty good.  Don't get me wrong, I still think anyone who enjoyed the movie should purchase it, but it could've been so much better.<br />The most notable absense from this DVD is a director's commentary by Bryan Singer.  This would have added so much to the DVD.  Yes, there are excerpts from an interview, but they don't go very in-depth.  I was hoping for more.  Another thing I wishwould have been included was a behind-the-scenes documentary.  The Mutant Watch TV Special included just doesnt cut it.<br />Enough with the negatives you say.  All right here comes the positive things about this disc.  The visual transfer is GREAT.  There are no errors or pixelation apparent anywhere.  Also, the sound is done very well.  Pump it through your surround sound to annoy the neighbors.  Also, the two easter eggs included were a nice treat, as were most of the deleted scenes.  I just wish that the extended branching thing worked a little better.<br />Overall, this is a good DVD disc.  If you're a sci-fi addict or a fan of the film, I recommend that you pick this one up.
B00003CWL6|5.0|First, let me say this... if you are one of those people wondering how this could have won academy awards you are probably either a) a young teengager   b)on old close minded codger   c) someone who likes Van Damm, Bruce Willis, Keeanu Reeves, or Antonio Banderas action movies  or d) someone who needs their art spoon fed to them.  <br />This is a deep, dark portrayal of how complex our lives all are if you just scratch the surface and dig beneath the thin facade of normalcy that we all hide behind.  Stop pretending to be this normal, straight laced, 'make room for daddy' household and see life for what it truly is... beautiful beyond words.  There is an intertwined, complex weave between all our lives and that is the beauty of living.  Not everyone is the same and there is no such thing as &quot;normal&quot; except for the people who are too afraid to open up and embrace our differences (racists, ignorant people, fanatical religous groups).  If we were all the same wouldn't it be a very boring and ORDINARY world - difference makes it exciting, unique, and yes sometimes strange and wierd.  Take the good with the bad. <br />I loved this movie because it moves and inspires me.  It is more than eye candy pandering to the lowest intellectual level (Titanic, Matrix, Die Hard, Zorro, and Timecop).  This movie means something and people who don't like it are afraid to admit how realistic it is.  We all have dysfunction in our lives, no one is the typical 'leave it to beaver' family.  This movie shows us the beauty of our differences with a style and story like no other.  This movie didn't win enough awards in my opinion. If your liked this movie you will love &quot;Magnolia&quot; with Tom Cruise - it is another realistic depiction of the sad and beautiful world we live in.
B00003W8NM|5.0|THe DVD is great with the commentaries fulfilling any fans dream of a full xplanation of the movie, and a slew of anecdotes about the actors,book, and process. <br />As for some of the complaints registered below in reviews, like the liposuction fat and bob the breastman as signs of 15 minutes of fame. Those two moments are perhaps some of the funniest I have ever seen in a movie. The fact this movie can be seriously a love story, satirically critical of both society and tylers answer to society, and be so amazingly hilarious is a feat unto itself. I don't know a soul who didnt have some reaction to the liposuction bag getting caught on the fence as tyler tries to catch some of it in his cupped hands.<br />Excellent performances and you notice something more with every viewing (especcialy the 2nd obviously).
0140433627|4.0|To me this book was great. At times it can be hard but not very often. It has a lot of deeper psychological meanings and thoughts if you take time to analyze this characters. It is a book basically about a struggle of good v. evil, but who really is the evil one, the monster or Frankenstein?
B00002Z88D|5.0|Metallica have hit a chord here (and excude the pun) because they have created something magical. There have been other attempts at this type of fusion but none have managed to do it aswell as Metallica and Michael Kamen with the San Fransisco Symphony Orchestra.<br />This album was created with Kamen sitting down and listening to all the songs and then writing what he heard the orchestra playing. My opinion is he should do it more often as his creation is excellent but has yet to be fully developed.<br />The album is virtually a list of Metallica greats from the start to the end and this makes it even better and a pleasure to listen to.<br />The album is recorded live so you can hear the crowd joining in at the command of Hetfield and each track starts with a distinctive roar, especially the first one. Disc 1 starts with Ecstacy of Gold which is just used to fill the band members walking onto the stage. Then comes the greats, Call of Ktulu, Master of Puppetz and Of Wolf and Man. These tracks are favorites to any Metallica fan, especially the second one, and they sound great with full support from the orchestra. As we travel throught the tracks and onto the second Disc we get the full range of Metallica's ability and the mood of the pieces. For Whom the Bell Tollz sounds great and Wherever I May Roam is probably the best mixed track. The album finishes up with the the crowd favorites Enter Sandman and Battery which are nicely mixed with some of the solos being played by the orchestra. <br />Overall the album is stunning and a great addition to any Metallica fans collection. If you dont have it then you dont know what you are missing out on but i can tell you, you are missing out on something special.
B0000025F7|4.0|What a album. Even fore his first solo. I think it is great. No one can make music like Michael J. Jackson. He is truleu the King of Pop. That should never change. I have been a fan ever sence I was really little. I still am today.  So try this album if you do not have it yet. Even a non Michael Fan should like this album.
B00003CXE7|5.0|It shouldn't be necessary to say that Gladiator is a terrific epic movie. Sales continue to be high for one very good reason: it is a thrill to watch. Ridley Scott (who also directed Blade Runner, arguably the greatest science fiction movie in existance) remembers how effective a slow panning shot of a hundred flaming arrows streaking towards the enemy, or a close shot of a tiger's single swipe, can be. Crowds and long-shots of the Collesium are often computer generated, but Scott maintains a near-understatedness by focusing on a thousand extras chanting &quot;Maximus!&quot; or a recurring shot of a field of wheat for those moments of emotion. And he does it well.<br />The acting is also above reproach. Russell crow is a powerhouse in every shot, and Joaquin Phoenix does well as an &quot;evil&quot; emporer whose faults seem at times motivated by such personal weakness (rather than cold malevolence) that we can almost sympathize with him.<br />With a second disc of very entertaining extras, Gladiator is a must for anyone who genuinely enjoys movies. Watch it with the sound turned up.
B0000025RI|5.0|I really loved this album. Michael's Second album was way better then the first. Still the fisrt was great. (Off The Wall) This album gets you closer to who he is. I find the music very moving. It just makes you want to get up and tare the place down. I say it is a must get if you do not have it. I have been a fan ever sence I was really little. I still am. Michael J. Jackson is the King Of Pop.
B00000K31V|2.0|There have been many comparisons between this movie and The Matrix, but the only similarity is the focus on ultrarelistic virtual reality, perhaps with a bit of &quot;which is the real world&quot; ambiguity thrown in. I've been a fan of David Cronenberg for years, but this movie just wasn't up to his considerable par. The themes are fascinating, and the storyline progesses nicely, but the entire feel of the movie left me a little bored. I didn't really care whether or not the characters were able to do what they had to do, even when that included Jude Law eating a double headed lizard, which should have been disgustingly interesting. I'll keep watching Cronenberg, and you may want to check this one out, but go into it with no expectations. You might enjoy it more that way.
B0000026WD|5.0|Michael J. Jackson keeps it right where it belongs. The number one artist. By this time he is in a big Jam and you can tell by listening to the anger in this album. He is beeing critisized by the way he is. And he expresses it clearly threw the music on this hit. Truley a very touching album of all times. The music on this makes you want to cry and then it makes you want to burn the place alive. (dance) So if you do not have this you must get it. Micahel is the King Of Pop. I have been a fan ever sence I was little. still am.
B00004U8H4|4.0|It's by now a cliche to say about a movie: &quot;You either love it or you hate it,&quot; but I can think of no better way to nutshell American Psycho. Many people assume (myself included) that this would be a slasher flick, but nothing could be farther from the truth. Based on the Bret Easton Ellis novel of the Me Generation, Christian Bale takes us through a sometimes unsettling and always entertaing tour of the kind of self-centered vacuous yuppies that have come to be associated with the eighties. Bale plays Patrick Bateman, a soulless, opulent man who kills indiscriminantly, hates everyone, and finds his only source of joy in pop music, his reviews of which pop up frequently throughout the movie. The plot hinges on one fact: because Bateman looks so successful, he can get away with anything, even though he may not want to. The self-loathing but carefully preened focus of the movie is actually one of only two characters, the other being his assistant Chloe Sevigny.<br />A strange movie, to be sure. The ending may leave you confused but you won't forget it for a long time to come, whether out of love or out of hate.
B00000269M|5.0|The best yet!. Such a great hit. The vidoes to  some of the songs are as good as the music. This it totally a must have. Even thought Michael J. Jackson was going threw some hard times. He still made really great music. If you missed this album. You better get it. Do not take my word for it. I have been a fan ever sence I was really little. I still am. Michael Is the King Of Pop.
1857151399|5.0|Il est un homme qui ne joue pas le jeu.  Il est un peu diff&eacute;rent et pour cette raison, il n'est pas accept&eacute; dans la soci&eacute;t&eacute;. Il est Meursault. Meursault est un homme 'taciturne et renferme' et parce qu'il ne montre pas ses emotions, il est condamne a mort.  Le livre commence avec l'enterrement de sa mere ou il ne pleure pas.  Il est indifferent a la mort de sa mere, et il continue sa vie, comme si rien s'est pass&eacute;.  Un jour quand il va a la plage avec ses amies, il tue un Arabe.  Il pretend que c'est a cause de la chaleur et du soleil, mais est-ce-que c'est?  Ce livre pose beaucoup de questions intriguantes, au sujet de la psychologie de Meursault. Pendant le proces nous apprenons que Meursault est condamn&eacute; a mort parce qu'il ne conforme pas, et pas parce qu'il a tu&eacute; un Arabe. La soci&eacute;t&eacute; ne peut pas accepter un homme qui n'est pas comme tous le monde. L'Etranger est un livre qui vous fait penser, je vous conseille de le lire car ca changera votre vie.
B00004XOWM|5.0|First off I must say that Limp's first two ablums were great (obviously, cause they wouldn't be where they are if they did go over well) but I still feel as though this one is great as well, despite how other people feel.  You can never recreate the effect of a band's first ablum but if you continuely compare &quot;3 Dollar Bill Y'all&quot; and &quot;Significant Other&quot; with &quot;Chocolate Starfish...&quot; then your comparing two different things.  Like all people, Limp Bizkit is just trying different things out.  If we didn't fail, then we would never learn anything.  So I have my hat off to those (Limp Bizkit, KoRn) who are willing to take the risks and try something new.  Besides, if everything was always the same 24/7 I think things might get a little boring.  Don't you?
0875845851|5.0|This book takes the radical position that great companies can fail precisely because they do everything right. It gives examples of outstanding companies that have lost their market leadership when confronted with disruptive changes in technology and market structure. Drawing on patterns of innovation in a variety of industries, including computers, retailing, pharmaceuticals, automobiles and steel, the author shows how breakthrough innovations are initially rejected by mainstream customers because they cannot currently use them. <br />This rejection can lead firms with strong customer focus to allow strategically important innovations to languish. An excessive customer focus prevents firms from creating new markets and finding new customers for the products of the future. As they unwittingly bypass opportunities, such firms can clear the way for more nimble, entrepreneurial companies to catch the next great wave of industry growth.<br />Using the lessons of successes and failures of leading companies, The Innovator's Dilemma presents a set of convention-defying rules on the phenomenon of disruptive innovation. This, then, is the innovator's dilemma: when to apply the rules of disruptive innovation that goes so much head-to-head against the conventional wisdom.<br />Clayton M. Christensen is an associate professor of business administration at the Harvard Business School. His research and writing focus on the management of technological innovation, the problems of finding new markets for new technologies, and the identification and development of organisational capabilities.<br />Reviewed by Azlan Adnan. Formerly Business Development Manager with KPMG, Azlan is currently Managing Partner of Azlan &amp; Koh Knowledge and Professional Management, an education and management consulting practice based in Kota Kinabalu, Malaysian Borneo. He holds a Master's degree in International Business and Management from the Westminster Business School in London. He may be contactedat Tel: +6088-383 526  E-mail: azlan@azlan.org
B000002UJQ|5.0|This album has artistic brilliance that is beyond a phillistine such as myself. It is haunting and depressing, yet strangely uplifting. Every song is a winner - as all the reviews here show, everyone has their own favourites. <br />My personal choice is the intensly beautiful 'Lucky'. If there is one lame duck, it is 'fitter happier', which seems to have no raison d'etre given that other tracks say much the same thing in a far more beautiful way. Perhaps it's a purposeful flaw, or maybe I'm just not deep and intelligent enough to understand.<br />Regardless of ones' tastes in music, this must be one of the best rock/pop albums of all time. In my opinion, THE best.
0684833395|5.0|In November 2000 I wrote a really lame review of this book, and I apologize, to Joseph Heller more than anyone.  This is a re-write of that disappointing effort.<br /><br />I just finished the superb [[ASIN:0312596855 Tracy Daugherty biography]] of Joseph Heller, which led me to my annual re-read of this book.  I was introduced to this book in October 1980 in high school Honors English, and I have read it at least every year since.  I never get tired of reading it, and every time I do I find something new.  I adore this book.  It is my #1 favorite of all time, and likely always will be.<br /><br />Synopsis: Twenty-eight-year-old World War II B-25 bombardier Yossarian is faced with the prospect of death at every turn, and no one notices or cares.  Eventually he finds a way to do something about it.<br /><br />The book is wild, sprawling, seemingly out of control.  The non-linear format can be a turnoff to many, but if you stick with it, and just let the story unfold, it all makes sense.  The story comes together, page by page.  The payoff comes only in the final pages, but it all comes together.  Really.  It's also deeply, deeply funny, with an enduring humor that operates on a number of levels.  Although written more than fifty years ago, the language and dialog remain colloquial.<br /><br />One thing I wrote eleven years ago I still stand by: the book is about a man and men, set in a purely masculine environment.  The point of view is overwhelmingly male, and sexist, with every single woman in the book described in primarily sexual terms.  Yossarian admits to it on page 291, \\"...Everything reminds me of sex.\\"  Women exist in the story as foils for male action and as bases for Heller's editorializing. This being said, I would hope women reading the book gain some insight on general male approaches to and perceptions of women.<br /><br />So what is the book about?  There's a lot going on here.  Heller took more than ten years to craft it, its 443 pages edited down from the original manuscript's 1,000+.  It's about the nature and burden of conformity in the most conformist institution (the military) during the most conformist of times (war), and how that conformity--and unquestioning obedience--will kill you.  It's about the cruelty and inherent dishonesty in bureaucratic and hierarchical institutions, the inevitable corruption within capitalism, abuse of power, greed, deception, justice and injustice, heroism and cowardice, God and religion, and the manipulation of logic and language to legitimize a wrong, pronounce sentence or make a sale.  The book is about the loss of innocence and the concomitant loss of youth to age, awareness, and ultimately to mortality. It is about the value and vitality of individuality, about friendship, humor and sex, and how essential these are to sense of self, well-being, and how we relate to others.<br /><br />While the story and themes are powerful enough, Heller's writing itself is a pure joy, with such gems as:<br /><br />-- Yossarian under physical exam, his body \\"...drugged and derogated, dusted and dredged, fingered and photographed...\\"<br />-- \\"Hungry Joe was a throbbing, ragged mass of motile irritability.\\"<br />-- \\"...he was dead, a bleeding cinder on the barbarous pile whom nobody had heard in those last precious moments...\\"<br />-- \\"The clinging, overpowering conviction of death spread steadily with the continuing rainfall, soaking mordantly into each man's ailing countenance like the corrosive blot of some crawling disease.\\"<br />-- General Peckem's \\"martyred smile of sweet reasonableness...\\"<br />-- \\"...her hands lying in her lap like fallen moths.\\"<br />-- \\"...the crazy, craggy, patchwork canyon of crashing antiaircraft fire...\\"<br />-- \\"...the open-air theater, where the milky, dust-filled beam bursting horizontally from the projector slashed a conelike swath in the blackness and draped in a fluorescent membrane of light the audience tilted on the seats there in hypnotic sags...\\"<br />-- Major Aarfy's \\"...fustian, moon-faced ineptitude...\\"<br />-- \\"..the primal, powerful, rhapsodic instinctual rhythm of erotic ardor and abandonment...\\"<br />-- \\"...a howling, strident, onrushing cacophony of overwhelming sound...\\"<br /><br />And there's Chapter 39, \\"The Eternal City,\\" one of my favorite passages in the world.  It is a stark, shattering 14 pages in heavy, dense paragraphs offering grisly detail in which Yossarian treads the inferno, descending into and through man's unending inhumanity to man, realizing it has existed and always will exist, only that up until now he had been unable to see it.  The violence, cruelty and injustice cascade through the narrative.  Heller's pacing, structure and word choice in this chapter are the high point of this book.<br /><br />As heavy as this book gets as the story unfolds, there is a great deal of humor, and this books still makes me laugh out loud.  Its humor comes in all forms, clever puns, plays on words, turns of phrase, illogical actions, and at times the darkest and cruelest black comedy I have ever encountered.  It is a deep, thought-provoking book which still makes me laugh out loud after more than 35 readings in the past 31 years.<br /><br />Bottom line: this is a brilliant work of fiction, an absolute treasure, and I recommend it with all of my heart.tinctual rhythm of erotic ardor and abandonment...\\"  -- \\"...a howling, strident, onrushing cacophony of overwhelming sound...\\"  And there's Chapter 39, \\"The Eternal City,\\" one of my favorite passages in the world.  It is a stark, shattering 14 pages in heavy, dense paragraphs offering grisly detail in which Yossarian treads the inferno, descending into and through man's unending inhumanity to man, realizing it has existed and always will exist, only that up until now he had been unable to see it.  The violence, cruelty and injustice cascade through the narrative.  Heller's pacing, structure and word choice in this chapter are the high point of this book.  As heavy as this book gets as the story unfolds, there is a great deal of humor, and this books still makes me laugh out loud.  Its humor comes in all forms, clever puns, plays on words, turns of phrase, illogical actions, and at times the darkest and cruelest black comedy I have ever encountered.  It is a deep, thought-provoking book which still makes me laugh out loud after more than 35 readings in the past 31 years.  Bottom line: this is a brilliant work of fiction, an absolute treasure, and I recommend it with all of my heart.
B00004YW6I|4.0|If Patti Smith and Stevie Nicks were to represent either end of the legitimate female rock and roll vocal spectrum;  Polly Jean Harvey is slowly but surely making her way to somewhere between the two.  With Stories From The City, Stories From The Sea, Harvey continues in the same vein as her earlier work but this time out, she's managed to make a record that has more than just a few great standout tracks. In fact, the entire album is very good, if not excellent. Stories From The City is PJ Harvey's most accessible album to date and luckily that doesn't mean she's sacrificed any of her fire or originality. With the obvious Patti Smith vocal references continuing as always, she's also decided to pay homage right up front to a younger Stevie Nicks in the radio friendly &quot;Good Fortune&quot; with Nicks-like late 70's arena rock vocals and lyrics such as &quot;like a gypsy you dance in circles all around me And all over the world&quot; and &quot;Like some modern-day Gypsy landslide&quot;. Radiohead's Thom Yorke turns up twice with guest vocals that only add to how great this album really is - maybe one of the best of 2000. Other stand out tracks: &quot;You Said Something&quot; and &quot;We Float&quot; which may be the prettiest song we've heard from PJ Harvey. If this record is any indication of what's to come in the future for PJ Harvey, we may just have our next big great rock and roll band.
B000001EAQ|1.0|Dismal, un-listen-to-able
B00003TL18|5.0|When Elvis Presley stated that Roy Orbison is &quot;The world's greatest singer&quot;, he wasn't kidding.  This CD is a testament to that.  I have heard this performance countless times, and I just cannot hear it enough.  On &quot;A Black And White Night&quot;, Roy Orbison is in top form, backed by an all-star group of musicians, including members of Elvis' back-up group, and also the likes of Bruce Springsteen, Marshall Crenshaw, T-Bone Burnett, Bonnie Raitt, and countless others.  My favorite tracks here are &quot;The Comedians&quot;, &quot;Ooby Dooby&quot;, &quot;Down The Line&quot;, &quot;Uptown&quot;, &quot;It's Over&quot;, and &quot;All I Can Do Is Dream You&quot;.  Anyone who loves the music of Roy Orbison should not be without this CD.  Also worth getting is the video of this concert.  You will not be disappointed. In fact, one listen and you will want to hear more and more.
1857151399|5.0|Diff&eacute;rent. Ceci est le premier mot qui me frappe apres avoir lu L'Etranger d'Albert Camus. Apparement l'histoire est tres simple. Le narrateur et protagoniste est Meusault, un pied noir qui vit en Algerie jusqu'avant la deuxieme guerre mondiale, quand l'Algerie fait encore partie des colonies Francaises. Il s'agit de cet homme qui tue un Arabe, et de son proces. Mais ce qui est diff&eacute;rent est son attitude envers ce qui se passe autour de lui. Meursault semble toujours n'etre pas int&eacute;ress&eacute; a la soci&eacute;t&eacute; qui l'entoure, et il ne se comporte pas comme la soci&eacute;t&eacute; ferait. Sa philosophie de vie est presque absurde: il croit que la vie n'ait aucune importance, parce que en tout cas on va tous mourir, il est tres egoiste dans le sens que il ne s'interesse pas aux &eacute;motions des autres, mais il est totalement absorb&eacute; en soi-meme.  Ce livre est tres frappant parce que, cach&eacute; derriere le language simple et presque infantine, il y des questions qui nous font r&eacute;fl&eacute;chir sur le sens de la vie, sur qu'est que c'est juste, qui a le droit de juger, qui est &quot;normal&quot; et qui non.
B00000I8NC|5.0|If you are one of those people constantly, hungrily on the lookout for music that doesn't sound like everything else -- and you know who you are -- then you need this disc, period. It's a gem that will hold its own special place in your collection. It works on so many levels that regardless of your specific set of tastes, it's virtually guaranteed to fit in somehow, while not really overlapping anything else.<br />Even if you usually listen to fairly mainstream music, this one is worth branching out for. Oddly enough, for all of its complexity and edginess, this EP is remarkably easy to listen to, and it doesn't need to be listened to over and over before it becomes enjoyable (even though it certainly does bear up well under repeated listening). Put on a pair of good headphones where you won't be bothered by anyone, and just let yourself drift away.<br />In these two tracks, totalling about 25 minutes, GYBE creates a sweeping, textured, atmospheric musical journey. Slow rumbling tension builds into cathartic crescendos, only to break down again into mournful, pulsating echoes, swirling slowly around a core of raw musical power, winding it up until it is ready to erupt again. Classical instruments combine with rock, while eschewing the musical forms of either. On the second track, the music is interwoven with segments of what seems to be an interview with an anti-government militant. The rants and lectures (which are either disturbing, disturbed, or both, depending on your viewpoint) come and go, rising and falling, waltzing with the accompanying music, pulling together threads of fear, anger, beauty and majesty -- melancholy whimpers and triumphant explosions, all intertwining to create a musical experience that is rich, haunting, unique, satisfying, and perhaps somewhat demented.<br />GYBE is a genuine breath of fresh air in the current music scene. This is music that needs to be heard. In a word, it's irreplaceable.
B00003CXDG|2.0|My wife and I were close to turning this off after the first 15 minutes.  The so-called lovestory is lame, completely unbelievable, and is slow, slow, and... did I mention slow?  I saw absolutely no screen spark or chemistry between Hunt &amp; the forgettable love interest (I think totally miscast).  The action sequences are typical John Woo-impressive, but aside from those combined 10 minutes, can you say &quot;forward-scan&quot;?<br />I knew there would be action, but also was hoping for an intriguing plot and a formidable mission or villain.  Neither surfaced.  The net result: a dreary, torturingly slow movie with a few cool action sequences.  Sorry, Tom, even you couldn't save this one.<br />Sadly, the best part of the DVD is Ben Stiller's &quot;Mission Improbable&quot; spoof, which is hilarious.  It's the only thing that kept me from rating this as 1 star.  I wish someone would've warned me: save your $20 and rent it at your local video store.  I'm going to try to return or resell it.  Anyone interested?  It's only been watched once!
B00004XPOZ|1.0|Okay folks, if you buy this piece of tripe, you're only contributing to the overly-commercialized world of Star Wars.  This edition is just a downright shame, and the quality is worse than the first Special Edition release.  For one thing, George Lucas should be ashamed that this was allowed to be released again, and on VHS, no less.  Whoopty-do, it has flashy packaging and a &quot;featurette&quot; that has NO interviews with the cast and dances around things about SW2 that we ALREADY KNOW.  If you just happened to miss the SE the first time, go ahead and pick it up.  Otherwise, just let it rot on the shelf.  George, I certainly hope, for your sake, that when you FINALLY release the DVD's of this Trilogy, you include the ORIGINAL, GOOD versions of the films.  Episode I is a JOKE, and hopefully George has learned from it.  He's been outta the chair too long, and ruined his own baby, as did the licensees.
0385484518|5.0|In a few simple words, you can describe this book as inspiring, beautiful, touching, moving, and life-changing. This is the type of book that you read and then want to go and order 100 of to give as gifts to all of your family and friends. I'm not a big re-reader of books, but I've read this 3 times, and still plan to go back to it again. It reminds me of what is important in life and it is written with wonderful expression and honesty. You will love it!
157270036X|5.0|To Kill a Mockingbird has always conjured up the image of Gregory Peck in the courtroom.  Not that I have anything against courtroom dramas, but I always wondered what the fuss was about.  Now I can only say that I really wish I had read this book as a teenager, even though it was still a wonderful read for this 40-something year old.<br />It is an eloquent testimony to growing up in the South during the depression.  However, unlike so many &quot;Southern&quot; novels, this isn't a depressing book.  Tough, difficult things happen but the reader comes away inspired.  It reminded me a little bit of Angela's Ashes.  Perhaps this feeling derives from the narrator being a child but it works.<br />I won't bore you with the plot.  Simply said, this is a classic for good reason.  It has lots to say and it says with style and grace.  It also has enough plot to be chosen by the International Mystery Booksellers Association as one of the 100 best mysteries of the 20th century.
B000002KHY|5.0|This is the CD that fits all moods and situations. I put this CD in when I'm happy and sing along, I put it in when I'm sad or stressed and I'm instantly soothed and calm. I haven't met a person who did not enjoy the music of James and consider it absolutely beautiful. Everyone in my family enjoys listening to this album from my 4 year old up to my husband and I. There isn't a song on the CD that I don't enjoy. What a wonderful work! I hope to hear more from James in the future!
B000002GD9|4.0|This was the third LP by Supertramp Mark 2, which started with the  million-selling 'Crime of the Century'.  Released in 1977, it showed a band unaffected by the wind of punk that was killing off many of the progressive dinosaurs.  This was the last of their half-decent albums -- opinion is divided on the merits of the later 'Breakfast in America'.<br />For me, the stand-out track is 'Babaji', maybe because many of my  friends at the time had joined the god-squads at their universities.  You don't need to read many of the amazon reviews of this album to see that this track means different things to different people -- I had always assumed that Babaji was a pidgin 'Baby Jesus'.<br />'Fool's Overture', in which one reviewer famously wrote,&quot;Davies duetted with Winston Churchill&quot;, is also a good track, aspiring and almost achieving epic status.<br />But for me, there are too many filler tracks -- piano doodles that Hodgson or Davies somehow crafted into songs.<br />Buy this album only after acquiring 'Crime of the Century'.  This is their second best album.
630349255X|5.0|This film is a must purchase for anyone who seeks to expand their consciousness globally and spiritually.  If every human watched this film, our children would grow up in a more peaceful world.  With cinematography that surpasses the farthest dream of a visual experience Fricke has created a mythological tale in which our purpose as humans, the inner-relatedness of the universe to every intricate part, and the beauty of the natural form is illuminated in an epic story-collage.   There is no dialogue in the entire film and Fricke combines many obscure human practices with that of every day corporate life.  The entire experience is like a William Burrows cut-up fused with a National Geographic movie and a spiritual teach-in by Ram Dass. It's a great work about evolutionary realization, and subliminally it's making an attempt to provide for a realization on the viewer's part.  Whether or not the viewer fully allows oneself to experience it, well, that remains to be seen...
B000006O7C|4.0|Mary Guibert's dedication to posthumous releases of her talented son border on the maniacal.  But thank God she is releasing this material and not sitting on it like some dumb exec. at a big label might.  These are sketches and can be viewed as sketches not as a complete polished studio album like his one and only &quot;Grace&quot;.  There is some excellent material here, mostly on the first disc.  <br /> The heavier stuff like &quot;Sky is a Landfill&quot; and &quot;Nightmares By the Sea&quot; stands up to anything he put out previously.  &quot;Opened Once&quot;, &quot;Morning Theft&quot;, and &quot;Vancouver&quot; finds Jeff using his beautiful tenor and falsetto to great heights.  Some of the tracks seem to suffer from a feeling that the band doesn't feel comfortable with the material.  Also a track like &quot;You and I&quot; could really soar with better production.  But these are incomplete sketches and that's nitpicking. <br /> There is a shrinking feeling that most of the second disc we could do without.  IT IS a testament to Jeff's private 4 track recordings from Memphis and how he could have fun with music.  &quot;Back In NY City&quot; is a great example of that.  But most of the material is lackluster and better left to rest.<br />
B00003CX8J|4.0|A stunning adaptation of Comic book to film. Better than, I think, Batman.  The array of interesting characters was mind boggling.  Fantastic Video and Sound, both in Dolby Surround and 5.1
B0000029DD|5.0|I just listened to this with headphones on and it brought out so much of the subtle voice acrobatics.  Jeff Buckley sings somewhere between Robert Plant and Freddie Mercury and actually surpasses both in the end.  I hesitated  from buying this after &quot;Last Goodbye&quot; was getting heavy radio play.  Following a friend's strong recommendation 4 years ago I picked it up and I kick myself for being stubborn.<br /> The band rocks and is intuitive and amazing.  There are the Led Zeppelin influences in the heavier moments. In  &quot;Eternal Life&quot; and &quot;Mojo Pin&quot; the bottom is dropped out and the guitars hiss and sneer.  I was really surprised to hear this after hearing the more smooth &quot;Last Goodbye&quot;, itself a great song.  Even more surprising were the solo guitar and voice outings.  There is nothing more beautiful than the Leonard Cohen &quot;Hallelujah&quot; and the traditional &quot;Corpus Christi Carol&quot;.  This album is full of heartbreaks and pain made bittersweet by Buckley's great tenor voice.  After listening to the album I stated &quot;I miss Jeff Buckley&quot; like I would miss a dear friend.  You can't go wrong with &quot;Grace&quot;.
B000050XEI|4.0|This cd is great, it's no change from Enya's previous releases, why change the formula when it works? I recommend this cd to everyone but if your looking for a new and improved sound from Enya, keep waiting. I enjoyed it. My only complaint is it wasn't long enough.
B00004X01U|5.0|I DONT WANT TO GET INTO A GREAT LONG DETAILED REVIEW ABOUT THIS ALBUM. WHAT I DO WANT TO DO IS GET TO THE POINT.<br />THIS ALBUM IS HOT. IT'S THE BEST GIFT YOU CAN GIVE TO ANYONE WHO DOESN'T OWN IT YET. MADONNA IS THE GREATEST ARTIST OF OUR TIME AND THIS IS HER LATEST AND GREATEST RELEASE TO DATE.<br />DON'T JUST BELEIVE THE HYPE, BELIEVE IN A TRUE FANS PERSPECTIVE. A REAL FAN OF GOOD MUSIC.<br />I LOVE ONLY THE GOOD STUFF AND THIS IS THE BEST STUFF OUT THERE.<br />LOVE, JEANNIE
B0000027K7|5.0|For the person who has the lp version of this recording and is considering purchasing the cd version.<br />The cd is not poorly remastered. The sound is as good as the lp (without the pops and clicks).<br />For the person who has a Mountain greatest hits recording and is considering purchasing individual Mountain cds, like this one.<br />You get quality but not quantity.<br />That is, the cd is only 32.34 minutes long (the same as the lp). <br />However all the songs are top rate. It is 3/4 very heavy blues rock songs with 1/4 sweet acoustic folkish blues <br />For a person new to Mountain and inquiring about their sound.<br />What caused me to become a Mountain fan was guitarist Leslie West's tone at that time (its changed since)<br />West was in the same league with B. B. King, Paul Kossoff, Elmore James etc.<br />That is while never technically brilliant and never dexterily smooth ala Eric Clapton; the tones coming out of these player's hands from basically one to three notes could impart more quality (tone) than a million notes by other players.<br />To sum up, if you are willing to put up with the lack of playing time, it would be a good cd to purchase because of the quality in it.<br />Because of the lack of playing time it only gets an 8/10.
0780625129|5.0|wow, i jus finished watching the VCD like 15 minutes ago, i'm completely shaken by the violence and everything. extremely disturbing film, with a strong important moral(or is it social) message. i imagine when derek was taking a shower in one of the last scenes, he was like trying to wash away the past, trying to change all that, and he tried to. maybe it came a bit too late, but he did.<br />both edward norton and furlong's acting shine and help indefintely bring out the message in the movie. it's such a pity edward norton didn't get an academy for his sterling performance in this movie.
B000002H4Q|5.0|The music on this cd has been blasted out of my speakers more than any other in the past thirteen years. And that's saying alot. Around 1989, I got rid of my old blue jam box and upgraded to a cd player. This meant tossing my Cure tape and moving over to the cd. Thus, this is also the first album I have purchased twice. Now, I still put it in my (even newer) stereo, but its not for nostalgic reasons. This is fantastic music and has something to offer everyone.<br />The Kiss is perhaps the darkest song I've every heard, and is the first one on this album I fell in love with. Like Cockatoos has that bass line that mingles with your blood. If Only Tonight We Could Sleep is so unique and strange that it almost redefines what music is. It's nearly narrative. And Just Like Heaven, as somebody else said in another review, really is the perfect pop song.<br />The Cure has metamorphosed more times that other bands have albums, but Robert Smith's melancholic voice has always been there, droning about misery or rejoicing in giddiness. This album, though currently not directly centered, serves as the perfect fulcrum to their incredible body of work.
B00004ZB9D|5.0|MY CD THAT IS..FROM PLAYING IT SO MANY TIMES SINCE ITS RELEASE OCT. 24TH I BELIEVE.  THIS IS REAL MUSIC AT ITS FINEST.  IT IS LED ZEPPELIN, MARVIN GAYE, JIMMY HENDRIX....AND MORE, ALL ROLLED UP INTO ONE. IF LENNY KRAVITZ KEEPS THIS UP HE WILL GO DOWN IN HISTORY AS ONE OF MUSICS GREATEST LEGENDS.  HE HAS IT ALL, THE GUITAR, DRUMS, SOUND, WORDS...THEY ARE ALL OUTSTANDING. SONG 13 SAYS IT ALL &quot;BELIEVE&quot;...HE HAS A MESSAGE FOR THE WORLD AND IF EVERYONE UNDERSTOOD IT...THERE WOULD BE PEACE ON EARTH!  HOPE I SOLD YOU TO BUY THIS CD, IT IS WELL WORTH IT.  PEACE &amp; LOVE TO YOU ALL.
0553278223|5.0|This book is an ExcelentThiller and is very exciting because u dont know what will happen next. But i will warn you IF U Are A FAST READER READ IT AGAIN CAUSE IT COULD BE CONFUSING. but everything is excellent.
0789723107|5.0|Aside from being a beautifully designed book that is well written and chock full of insight about how people react to websites (and life in general)... this book is a marvel. There are examples of websites that just make it hard for people to get the information they need -- and specific ways to fix these problems. And on top of all the great info is a detailed guide to performing your own usability study without spending thousands of dollars. This book is an eye-opener, and will give any website designer a distinct advantage over the competition.
B0000029DD|4.0|I took a bit of a chance on this record. I really knew nothing about Jeff Buckley except that he drowned accidentally a few years ago (actually, I thought it was suicide until I found out otherwise) and that a lot of people thought that he could become one of the great talents in rock music--or that he already was. I'd just heard a lot of good things about Grace, and that there was a Led Zeppelin influence, so I decided to try it out. Wow. What a creative, thoughtful and moving album, especially compared to most of the garbage that was coming out around 1994. The main reason I give this 4 stars rather than 5 is that I think Jeff occasionally does his beautiful voice a disservice on the record. He's at his most moving when he's slipping effortlessly up and down the octaves like in &quot;Mojo Pin&quot; and &quot;So Real.&quot; I find much of &quot;Eternal Life&quot; and just the very end of &quot;Grace&quot; a little disappointing because of the way he seems to be shouting more than singing. I can understand, though, that many might disagree with me there. That said, I find the range of styles he attempts fascinating: the covers of Leonard Cohen and &quot;Corpus Christi Carol,&quot; the Zeppelin stylings, the soul-singing on &quot;Lover, You Should've Come Over.&quot; And so often the music is so very beautiful. My personal favourites are &quot;Grace&quot;--I have never heard a chorus like that anywhere else and doubt I ever will--&quot;Last Goodbye&quot;--doesn't everyone love this one?--and &quot;Dream Brother,&quot; maybe the greatest song on Grace. I haven't noticed a lot of people mention this song but it is so beautiful and chilling that I have to stop whatever I'm doing to listen to it. It seems to be influenced by 70's progressive rock but again it's like nothing I've heard before. Like &quot;When The Angels Fall,&quot; the last song on Sting's masterpiece The Soul Cages, &quot;Dream Brother&quot; is the perfect song to listen to just before going to sleep. Everyone should give Grace a try. It might expand your musical horizons.
B00003CXE7|4.0|Just a short comment, as a girl, I liked the DVD a lot, but I thought a lot of the violence was overdone. But well done. And just to keep the historical record straight, Commodus was real and he did fight as a gladiator.  I suspect the highly paid gladiators were smart enough to not hurt him much. But he is described as a bull of a man, a very good fighter, with no fear.<br />The extras on the DVD are almost better than the movie. Check it out.
044100590X|5.0|I don't understand how anyone can give this book less than five stars. Frank Herbert's masterpiece is, and allways will be, the greatest example of science fiction available.  Herbert wieves an intricate universe, one that he describes down to the tiniest particle of sand.  I find it hard to believe that anyone that has READ the book could not like it.  I read the book for the first time when I was in sixth grade, and I have gone on to reread it, and the rest of the series, 5 times.  I would recommend this book to anyone, whether they are interested in science fiction or not.  No book enthusiast should go with out reading what many consider to be one of the greatest, if not the greatest, science fiction novel of all time.
B000050XEI|5.0|If you consider yourself an Enya fan, then you will love this CD. If you are not an Enya fan, after listening to this CD, you will be.
B00004WKII|4.0|OK let's buy also this one- it's MUCH better than the overdubbed, re-mixed, re-re-mastered junk we've been buying for three decades-always looking for the Perfect Take, the Absolute Performance and still waiting for the lost Swiss Broadcasting Corporation sessions...
6305922748|5.0|So I've seen 'Spinal Tap' about a dozen times by this point.  That's one more than 11, for those of you scoring at home (Sorry, just trying to get that obligatory reference out of the way early).  What amazes me most about the movie is that even though the jokes are cultural relics by this point, and you can see (remember) them coming from a mile away, they still elicit an honest to goodness chuckle.  You know when the title card reads &quot;Cleveland, Ohio&quot; that it's time for the Tap to get lost in the basement on their way to the stage.  You know when Nigel diagrams Stonehenge that when the prop shows up it will be 18 inches instead of 18 feet tall.  And you know that when the band breaks into &quot;Rock 'n' Roll Creation&quot;, Derek will get stuck in his pod.  You know all these things.  And yet you wait for the punchline.  And when the punchline happens, you laugh.  Staying power like that is a sign of a well-constructed joke. <br />What surprised me about the movie when I saw it recently, was that amongst a sea of cartoonish caricatures, Michael McKean and Christopher Guest give strikingly real performances.  Their David St. Hubbins and Nigel Tufnel (the band's &quot;poetic visionaries&quot;) come off as complete characters.  I didn't notice this upon viewing the movie the first couple of times.  McKean manages to show some of David's manic anguish at being relegated to the deletion bin, as well as his pride at creating a prosperous musical relationship.  Guest's Tufnel is lovably dim-witted for the most part (the mini sandwich scene is good evidence of this), but his jealousy when David's girlfriend shows up is tangible and quite touching.  I don't think these two actors get the credit they deserve for their textured performances (look at me talking about &quot;textured performances&quot; during a 'Spinal Tap' review, but there you have it).<br />Like I said before, the other characters barely escape two-dimensionality.  Harry Shearer's Derek Smalls hassome shining moments, my favourite being his stunt at the airport metal-detector.<br />What makes this movie the classic that it is are the songs.  Never mind the fact that they are outstanding parodies of heavy metal's penchants for primitive double entendres (hello AC/DC).    The most astounding thing to me is that they were written and performed by the actors themselves.  And they ably shift from youthful skiffle music (&quot;All the Way Home&quot;), to watered-down psychedelia (&quot;(Listen to the) Flower People&quot;), to stupid hard rock (the triple-bass workout &quot;Big Bottom&quot; is my favourite), to... um... free jazz (&quot;Jazz Odyssey&quot;).  It's hardly fair that these men get to be both this funny and this musical at the same time.  And the fact that the boys can play their instruments elevates the concert footage above other instances of actors-as-musicians.  I find it terribly distracting when the fingers on the fretboard don't match the tones coming from the amp.<br />So 'Tap' is good.  Well, we all knew that.  What I'm here to say is that 'Tap' stays good, no matter how many times you've seen it.
B00004X01U|5.0|Unfortunately the title has nothing to do with the CD content.
B00001NFCY|1.0|I'm sorry, but everytime i hear Creed, I have to shudder.  No, I'm not a harcore punk, and I don't listen to oldies all day.  But Creed is the most unoriginal band I have ever heard.  Find some music with actual emotion.
B00003ETJQ|5.0|BARAKA stunned me the first time around, and I wept at the scenes of suffering and the madness we are inflicting in our hubris on this Earth. The most haunting scenes are when the faces of the people stare back at me from their homes in the street, the jungle, the crematoriums in India, all staring back with such peace, grace and dignity despite their surroundings. BARAKA honors them as human beings first, and passes no judgement. Masterful. <br />A two hour movie without actors, without dialogue, but it reaches into my heart and soul and gave it a good tug. BARAKA has touched and moved me. Thank you and bless its director and creators for such a work of soul and art.<br />Some of the scene changes are abrupt, some scenes I can't place or figure its context, but these are really minor flaws in the grand scheme of things. The soundtrack is extraordinary, subtle and totally appropriate. <br />The letterbox version is the best, don't go for full screen. THis is a great gift to yourself. Go get it.
0441172717|5.0|Frank Herbert has achieved a master piece!<br />He puts together a fantastic mosaic of cultures and religions that have influenced our own world and gives a new dimension to a futuristic Lawrence of Arabia.<br />So dense that you can read it again and again..........
0679731369|5.0|At the first sight this book is a story of an elderly English doctor Geoffrey Braithwaite who tries to reconstruct the life of the great French writer Gustave Flaubert in order to understand him. Those who love Flaubert will find in this wonderful novel a lot of interesting and amazing facts and details that could help them in better comprehension of their favorite writer's oeuvre. But this is only a top layer of the narrative. Dr Braithwaite really wants to solve the mystery of his beloved but unfaithful wife's suicide, using Flaubert's life as his own image in the psychological mirror of humanity (Gustave Fraubert, c'est moi?). But the truth of both Flaubert's life and his wife's suicide is unfathomable as the human life and death themselves. So everyone can claim the possession of truth, but only a personal truth, not the universal one. Just like both stuffed parrots (or even all 50 stuffed birds mentioned in the novel) could be the sought Flaubert's parrot which inspired him to write 'Un coeur simple'.<br />It is my first novel by Julian Barns but its excellent language and exquisite composition incite me to find other ones...
B00004XOWM|5.0|I have been a Limp Bizkit fan for a long time, but I was really impressed to see how much they have grown since their first album.  Their new one absolutely rocks.  They have the loud, the smooth, and all around great tracks.  I can put on this CD and party, study, or relax.  It has it all, including their awesome song from Mission Impossible.  A great christmas gift for anybody!  I'm getting it for several people.
B000051VWW|4.0|I don't think Sade could ever top &quot;Love Deluxe&quot;, but Lover's Rock is still one of the two best CDs to come out this year so far...the other CD would be Erykah Badu's &quot;Mama's Gun&quot; and is HIGHLY recommended by me.<br />The highlights of &quot;Lover's Rock&quot; would be the title track, that sweet&quot; King of Sorrow&quot;, &quot;All About Our Love&quot;, &quot;Flow&quot;, the dynamic &quot;Somebody Already Broke My Heart&quot;...I could go on. Why did I stop at just four stars? I hated that folksy &quot;The Sweetest Gift&quot; and that squeeky guitar. Also, that track &quot;It's Only Love That Gets You Through&quot; sounds like something you would hear at a gothic funeral. I'm glad that I'm not the only one who thought that it had an &quot;Everything But the Girl&quot; type of sound to it. Nevertheless, there are just too many precious gems on this album to dwell on those two shortcomings. And will always be one of the best artist of all times in my heart.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|What is wrong with these people that dissaprove of this CD?  This CD is fabulous.  Her voice is amazing. I give her lots of credit for this work. O'Holy Night is absolutely breathtaking.  Yes, certain songs have a pop twang to it, but of course it's Christina.  If people want the original Christmas musical tunes than stop complaining and go buy a Christmas classic CD like I did. This way I have a collection of pop and classic Christmas music.  People be happy it's Christmas and open your mind.  I am in my 30's and listen and appreciate different types of music and I find this album to be a pop artist masterpiece.  Keep up the good work Christina.  I highly recommend this album to all.  It is a mix of pop Christmas and vocal enjoyment. It is amazing that such a young woman could have such mature vocals. This album has a mix of fast &amp; slow tunes and makes you want to dance, and at the same time sit back and enjoy the beauty of her voice.  Please, go buy it.  Those of you who love Christmas and music will appreciate and enjoy this album.
B00004T37H|5.0|This is simply an awesome film. It is the only film I enjoyed so much that I wrote the studio (Studio Ghibli) and thanked them for making it. I'm even now on the lookout for future works by the studio and the movie's creator, Hayao Miyazaki. <br />There is just nothing better out there. This is an amazing tale with beautiful animation and a grand plot. If you haven't seen this I command you stop reading this review and go get a copy.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I was introduced to SB on Andrea Bocelli's CD.  I went out and purchased her most recent CD and will now purchase all her CD's.  Her voice is Angelic and the music is so unique and breathtaking.  A musical masterpiece.  Can't wait for her next album.
B0000048V8|5.0|The Snowman is such a touching and wonderful tale your children will remember it. I certainly have. I have been in love with this movie since I first saw it as a young girl, I sat entranced watching this silent beautifully created masterwork of animation. I have been dying to see it for years! The song &quot;Walking in the Air&quot; is really catchy and I find myself still singing it to this day. Buy this video for yourself and your kids! You won't regret it.
B0000048V8|5.0|The Snowman is such a touching and wonderful tale your children will remember it. I certainly have. I have been in love with this movie since I first saw it as a young girl, I sat entranced watching this silent beautifully created masterwork of animation. I have been dying to see it for years! The song &quot;Walking in the Air&quot; is really catchy and I find myself still singing it to this day. Buy this video for yourself and your kids! You won't regret it.
B00004XOWM|5.0|I dont really know what the hell im doing! I thoult the cd is alsome.i would like to tak to someone who thinks that to.
0679777547|4.0|I am a great fan of Perez-Reverte's work.  I have read most of his novels in Spanish, so I can not give an opinion about the English version.  The Club Dumas was a book that got me hooked for days until I got to the end.  I could not wait to read the ending.  Sure, the plot was complicated, and I did have to go back and forth to make sure I was following.  However, I think that is the beauty of Arturo's work.  As with all his other books, the plot was engaging and promising.  However, the ending got me by surprise.  I was expecting something else.  I think it leaves a lot of questions unanswered and it feels kind of rushed.  In my opinion, it seems like a lot of work is put in finding and ploting a good story, and then the author was too tired to find a conclusion that matches the rest of the book.  I still recomend this book, it leaves you waiting for something else, but before you get there, the book is greatly enjoyable.
1573225517|5.0|I had heard the buzz on this book - funny, true-to-life, intelligent, etc.  What surprised me is how moved I was by the book's last sequences.  Rob's second chance with Laura took me by surprise with its feeling of real tenderness.  As a 32-year-old, I am undoubtably at just the right age to share Rob's doubts about the validity of a young man's judgments, but I think I would have found something meaningful in this book at any age.  There's definitely a big step between what people like and what they are like; I suspect Rob has become a man when he reaches that realization.  May we all be so lucky as to have a Laura to give us a chance to grow.  The best work of fiction I have read in many a moon.
B000050XEI|4.0|Like most other reviewers here, I too feel that while this is a great CD, it's rather short. I had just about given up on wondering when a new Enya album would come out, and when I saw this one, i jumped to preorder it! The album is good as far as it goes though. While Wild Child, Adios Goodbye and the instrumental track 07 are great, the album is far too short, considering we've been waiting 5 years since Memory of Trees. <br />While her Watermark album will continue to remain my favorite, this new album will be a welcome addition to the shelves of any Enya fan, though I certainly hope with the short playing-time (just over 30 minutes!), we won't have to wait another 5 years for her next album. This album would have indeed received 5 stars had it not been for its brevity.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|There has been some criticism of the uneven nature of this collection but it a wonderful documentation of the Fab 4's progression  to greatness. After listening to the complete disk one can truly appreciate that songs like Yesterday and The Long and Winding Road are still breathtakingly beautiful and as memorable as a Mozart Aria or a Schubert song.
B000000OAA|5.0|Sheer Heart Attack is an unusual Queen album. It was the first one that I heard, and the first time I heard it, I hated it. However, after listening to the rest of their material, I heard SHA again, and again, and again. Nowadays I consider it among my favorite three. While Queen and Queen II were both fantastic albums, SHA is the first album in which Queen truly worked together as a group - They wrote their first song together (Stone Cold Crazy) and bassist John Deacon wrote his first song ever (Misfire). SHA is Queen's best balanced album; while it doesn't have songs in the level of Bohemian Rhapsody and Love Of My Life (both on A Night at the Opera), it has no weak songs either, and the entire album works together perfectly.<br />The album starts with Brighton Rock, a fantastic rocker by Brian May (guitars), that proved to be a powerful live song for years to come. I sometimes wonder why Brian bothered writing lyrics at all - his guitar work on Brighton Rock is so great, the lyrics are simply not of importance. Next is Killer Queen (by Freddie Mercury), the biggest hit from SHA. It's a great song, that has everything I loved about Freddie's early writing - It's quiet, moderate, and absolutely nasty (though I'm not really sure what it's about. I usually tend to agree with the opinion that it's about a drug dealer.)<br />Tenement Funster is a heavy rocker written and sung by drummer Roger Taylor. My opinion about this song fits most of Roger's early pieces - it stinks, but I like it anyway. Flick Of The Wrist is another great song by Freddie, an early 'Death On Two Legs' with some great guitars, a very underrated song. Lily Of The Valley is another Freddie song, this time a beautiful little ballad.<br />Now I'm Here is Brian's major hit on this album. It's a great, powerful rock song with excellent guitar and drum solos and beautiful singing by Freddie. In The Lap Of The Gods (Mercury) is my least favorite song on SHA. It's repeatitive and just a bit annoying. Nota bad song, though. Stone Cold Crazy (Queen) is a powerful heavy rocker. The music isn't very interesting but enjoyable, and the lyrics are simply BRILLIANT. By the way, Metallica did a version of this song years later.<br />Dear Friends is a very short, slow, piano-and-vocals bit by Brian. Quite beautiful, and Freddie does a fantastic work on it. Misfire is John Deacon's first composition. It's an excellent song, and John does an amazing work on it - he plays about a dozen different guitars in Misfire. Brian hardly had anything to do with it. Bring Back That Leroy Brown is a great song, a quick, cheerful song by Freddie about gangsters or something. This shows Freddie's sense of humor at its best.<br />Next is She Makes Me (Stormtrooper In Stilettos), an unusual slow balld written and sung solely by Brian. It's pretty weird, but a great song. Have no mistake : In The Lap Of The Gods...Revisited (Mercury) has nothing to do with The other song of the same name. It's a fantstic song, with brilliant music and lyrics, and is a fantastic ending to SHA. If you're a Queen fan and you don't have SHA, get it. If you have it and didn't like it, listen to A Night At The Opera and A Day At The Races, and try again. Give Sheer Heart Attack a chance.
B00004Z1MN|4.0|The interesting, if somewhat farfetched premise of this movie is that a young man in 1999 is able to communicate via a ham radio with his father who is living in 1969.  The father, who was a fireman, died during a warehouse fire.  With his foreknowledge, the son is able to direct his father away from the danger of the fire.  The father's survival then sets off a series of events which includes interaction with a serial killer.  This strange plot twist is made palatable by the believable acting job of Dennis Quaid and James Caviezel and by the touching interaction between two men whose relationship was ended by the father's untimely death.  It makes for interesting viewing.
0790733900|5.0|Paul Newman brilliantly portrays Luke, a former war-hero whose inability to bend to authority lands him on a southern chain-gang.  There he encounters both sadistic guards who use brutal force to maintain their positions and down-trodden prisoners who elevate Luke to the status of hero for doing only what comes naturally to him.  Misunderstood by both groups, he is truly a man who just can't fit in anywhere.  The cast is full of familiar faces at the beginnings of their careers.  Based on the strength of this performance, it is easy to see why Newman became such a star.
0790736322|5.0|Although I have seen the movie several years ago, last week when I saw the movie at midnight, it was still so eerie and made me tremble so much. The atomosphere of this movie is incomparable.<br />Now after so many years of it's first release, we have had a lot of horror movies. And compared with many horrorer movies, The Excorcist may seems not so horror as it was. Even some scenes are not reasonable, for example, the turning head (even the girl was entrapped by something evil, a turning head must broke her neck-bone, isn't it?) . But I still wonder how excellent this movie was, and it was never out of date. I like the messages it conveyed and implied, the conflicts between good and evil, the conflicts in our mind. I appreciate it's classic scenes, the spider-walk, the turning head, the jumping bed and flying objects. It seems that all horror movies hereafter are all mimic.
B000000H5K|5.0|You can try and try to prove that KoRn was the revolutionary band that changed metal, but that just proves to me that you havn't heard Sepultura- &quot;Roots&quot;.  Even though KoRn put funk into the metal, you still don't get their influence as much as you do the influence of &quot;Roots&quot;. &quot;Roots&quot; introduced the Ultra-melodic drumming that is heard in bands such as SpineShank and Slipknot. Not only that, but Max Calveras screaching roars are now heard in every band from Slipknot to Disturbed.  The title track &quot;Roots Bloody Roots&quot; is probably a summarization of this revolutionary album, and the 4th track &quot;Rattamatta&quot; is the heighth of their tribal experimentation.  The drumming, the down-tuned guitars, the roaring screach, more NU-metal bands benefitted from this album than any KoRn album.  &quot;Roots&quot; also helped Sepultura to break free from their thrash/death title and step into more of a hardcore realm.  It's to bad Max Calvera left after this album, not that Soulfly is bad, it just would of been great to see Sepultura put togeter another album like &quot;Roots&quot;.  Fans of Slipknot, SpineShank, Nothingface, Disturbed. . . , you know what, if you like metal period, then why don't you own this album yet?!?!?!? Feel the influence.
B00004Y7SF|4.0|this christmas album is a perfect setting to display christina's amazing ability to do vocal gymnastics, she proves to me on this album that the comparisons made to the strained and incompetant vocals of ms.spears r unjust.Christina is as stunning and acomplished vocally as her idols mariah and whitney.This album provides a podium for christina to prove herself without having to worry about commercial success, te only criticism is that she seems vehemently determined to prove herself and at time the emebelishment takes away from the sentimentality of the lyrics.Her voice is best suited to the blues style &quot;merry christmas,baby&quot; and the classic &quot;have urself a merry little christmas&quot; is spiced up by the songstress. after hearing merry christmas baby and her rendition of etta james' &quot;at last&quot; could a blues album be next from ms.aguilera? the one flaw to this album- xtina's xmas-cool title but and overproduced song void of any seasonal spirit.  it is a shame that the market is most likely christina's die-hard fans and not christina's critics who make unintelligable comparisons with other blonde songstresses such as mandy moore and britney spears.  please purchase this album and be stunned by her undeniable talent.
0792833236|5.0|What can be said about this film that hasn't been said before? Quite simply, it set the standard on acting, directing, writing, and cinematography, and will never be equaled by Scorsese, or anyone else for that matter. Anyone who calls themself a film lover and hasn't seen this film at least twice knows nothing of the art-form.
630587493X|3.0|Personally I like my DVD's to have a bit more bonus features than this one had,  but I thoroughly enjoyed the film.  I saw it when it was first released in the theaters,  however,  and I could have sworn that the cut of the film that I saw there was longer.  I don't know if I've been ripped off or if I am imagining things,  but if you watch the supplemental featurette on this DVD it appears that it has a couple of brief scenes that are not in the actual film itself.  If anyone else noticed this or has any info,  feel free to drop me a line at glonth@aol.com.
B000002H97|3.0|This album was the beginning of the end for this band, and their credibility as a sincere band.  Now they are main stream to the max, and METALlica should be POPlica.  They used to be the opposite of commercial, but now they are your Sell Out Icon.  Don't get me wrong, commercial music can be good, but now they like to make a ton of money and complain because they can't squeeze any more out because Napster.  Seems like they forgot who/what they are.
0345350499|1.0|I'm totally shocked that this dross had a four star score here. It's easily the most boring book that I've had the mispleasure to endure in the last ten years.<br />I read it over the course of a summer where I didn't have a lot else to do, but after the first fifty pages, reading this wasn't a credible alternative.<br />Don't waste your time.
630438551X|4.0|Here the adaptation is a modernization in a mythical city of Verona Beach in Calidornia, a city that does not exist, even if we may think of Venice next to Los Angeles. It uses the editing technique and the shooting technique of modern cinema and video clips. The prologue for instance is given three times : on TV by an anchorwoman, over real life pictures by a male overvoice emphasized by headlines in papers, and finally in text injections on black screens at high speed. The situation is changed and the brawl is transformed into a gang war betwwen two rich boys' gangs, the Montagues being some kind of punks and the Capulets some kind of Latin America mafia, with a strong set of allusions to western films, and even to Clint Eastwood's  a Man named Nobody . Tybalt is the direct impersonification of evil with his metal teeth printed with SIN, with his image of Christ on his waistcoat that he flashes at Benvolio as an image of the death that is awaiting Benvolio, as if this picture were a mirror image of Benvolio in the process of dying. The main change though is the transformation of the Prince into the head of the police that comes from the sky in a helicopter and that has full power to keep the peace in Verona's streets. It is a vision of a society where the police is omnipresent and where the youth can only organise their pleasures and entertainments in a rebelious search for street adventure. It is in a way marvelous. Di Caprio is admirable as a romantic, naive and completely lost young man or old teenager. Mercutio is a prodigy as a black man and a drag queen, even if only for fun. He is a pretty jolly good fellow even if a grave man in a many ways. One excellent adaptation. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IX.
B00000FZQ8|2.0|Being a sci-fi buff, I gave this movie a try since it's considered &quot;one of the best sci-fi movies of the 70's&quot;.  Twice, I fell asleep and had to force myself to the ending.<br />In my opinion, the only redeeming factor of this movie is watching the robots.  It seems this movie places the value of plants over human life and says it's ok to kill people as long as you have Peter Frampton hair.  Only tree-huggers need apply.
6300216039|5.0|The best adaptation of Romeo and Juliet for the screen. It is first of all faithful to the utmost. It keeps the period (the Renaissance). It keeps the feudal situation (the signoria as it is called in Italy) with  the Prince who is shown as an obsolute ruler. It keeps the diabolic Tybalt who always looks for a fight, with his little hat and the two symbolical horns it is wearing. It keeps most of the text, though it cuts a lot in details that are not needed any more because images and special effects, like trumpets and horses, make some lines unnecessary. It keeps the traditional reading of the play : Romeo and Juliet are naive teenagers who unconsciously and definitely willy-nilly, create havoc in the fair city of Verona. The death of Mercutio is admirable. The music is authentic. The dance, balcony and death scenes are beautiful and full of light. The tragic dimension of such a play, the real mythical dimension of the story is kept to the very last detail. It is the best way to discover this work of art, this masterpiece by Shakespeare. I say go, go ! You cannot miss it. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, Paris Universities II and IX.
B00000099Y|5.0|Don't listen to the other reviewers...at least most of them. It's hard to put Maynard's meaning into a sentence or two, but here's my breakdown of some of the songs:<br />Stinkfist - about desensitization. Maynard is taking a shot at everyone who is over-obvious (among others), and asks, &quot;What became of subtlety?&quot;<br />Eulogy - not sure who it's dedicated to, or it may be dedicated to leaders in general. Many people think this song was written about L. Ron Hubbard, but I think it tells about how leader's become scapegoats for the people. People who try to step up to lead the masses are nothing but &quot;fool martyrs.&quot; Maynard derides the leader as well as the people.<br />Hooker With A Penis - no, it's not about a male hooker. The title comes from &quot;The Man.&quot; It's about all these punks that &quot;keep it real&quot; and accuse everyone of selling out. Maynard agrees, and says that musicians sell their souls to make a record. They are just &quot;a product begging for you fatass dirty dollar.&quot;<br />Aenema - although I like the Red Hot Chili Peppers, they totally ripped off this idea (although Californication is written from a different viewpoint). This song basically talks about how nothing could fix L.A., so just flush it down. And the inside of the album shows L.A. sinking into the sea. THAT WILL HAPPEN. L.A. is on a different tectonic plate than the rest of us. It will sink into the sea.<br />This album is a work of art. Maynard is a genius and a true artist (but like all of them, he's a little messed up too.) If you don't care about the lyrics, it has more too. Danny Carey is at least one of the top drummers of his era, and Maynard has unbelievable vocal range and control.
0441172717|5.0|Well, actually Dune is about a whole lot more than mere revenge, but the final scene in the book is really good, a scene that will stand out in your mind for years and years. I won't spoil it for you, but for those of you who know: &quot;it was in my way, and I was in a hurry to get to you.&quot;  The simple, top level plot is this: Paul and his family, the House Atreides, (in Herbert's future, humans are governed by Feudalism), is defeated by the evil House Harkonnen, driven out into the desert, his father killed and many Atreides followers slaughtered. Paul comes back to kick some Royal A**, if you know what I mean. But the way Paul does it is a credit to the genius of Frank Herbert. Paul winds up evolving from an outcast into a superhuman Messiah (literally), a heroic, noble Man who even in the moment of sweet, sublime revenge feels bitter. The reasons why House Atreides is betrayed, and by whom and for what reason, are part of the many fascinating sub-plots. Basically, however,  Dune is about Paul Atreides, and it is much, much more than a &quot;boy comes of age&quot; story. It is a re-telling of the Messiah legend, in a novel of rich, intricate, hypnotizing detail, complete with language and ancient history. If you're like me, you'll re-read this book so many times you'll lose count. What a truly beautiful, grand tale.
020161622X|5.0|This book is great for those who are new to professional software development such as recent college graduates or those who have moved from other disciplines into programming. From suggestions on how to take pride in one's work to how to improve one's understanding of the art and science of programming, this book can open the doors to mastery of software development. I would recommend this book to recent college graduates, programmers who only know one programming language, and programmers who know only one development platform or operating system.
0446364495|1.0|In a writing workshop I attended, 'Waller' was synonymous with 'whore.' No one in Iowa who reads or has a brain will forgive him for this book. I just want to refute a couple of Waller's ideas.<br />1. Iowa is heavily religious, and adultery is a sin. It would have been worse than murder in '65, and 'Francesca' would never have been forgiven.<br />2. In Iowa, people can write. Our schools are among the nation's best. The Writer's Workshops at the University of Iowa are world-renowned, just ask Vonnegut or Irving. Meredith Willson, from Mason City, wrote a musical, &quot;The Music Man,&quot; that's still on Broadway.<br />But Waller isn't from Iowa. He doesn't belong here. And damned if we'll let him speak for us again.
0812550706|5.0|One of the greatest science fiction novels of all time. It's a bit short on characterization and plausibility, but the relentlessly driving narrative will hook you quickly and draw you towards the stunning conclusion. It will also make you long for the days when children played with jacks and picked flowers, instead of being trained for adulthood practically from birth.
B00000J7SO|5.0|I usually listen to music in my car. I found myself several times sitting in a car in front of my garage not wanting to turn this CD off. I am a big Dylan fan and I consider this to be one of Dylan's best albums. Everything seems to be so simple. The background vocals are fantastic.
B00003CX8J|5.0|If you are an X-men fan, you will recognize how true the movie is to the comic. If you have never read the comic, the movie does an excellent job of bringing the viewer up to speed. Great flick.
B000001DTM|5.0|'One' is my personal all time favorite U2 song. Can't beat it. This is also the song that make me become a fan of U2's songs. They are the coolest band around in the 80's to 90's. Enough said!
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This is a collection of the 27 number singles of the Fab Four. This is really a best buy because you can have 27 great songs (79 minutes) in just 1 CD. From their early popular songs like &quot;She Loves You&quot;, &quot;I want to hold your hand&quot; to their Psychedelic-pop gems like &quot;Yellow Submarine&quot; to their rock and soulful ballads like &quot;Come Together&quot; &quot;Something&quot;. These are their most popular songs, but surely not their best. It lacks of the artistic side of the beatles. Try &quot;Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band&quot; and &quot;Revovler&quot;. These two albums are psychedeilic classics! Yet this album is still worth 5 stars because the Beatles are always great song writers and musicians. &quot;Yesterday&quot; is said to be one of the best love songs ever since with its tendering acoustic guitar. &quot;Come Together&quot; is quite an unique Beatles' song because it sounds soul and blues (from the intro) and turns to a rock 'n' roll-like chorus. &quot;Penny Lane&quot; is a great lovely song that reminds the trueness of childhood. Too bad that &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot; is not included.(Penny Lane/Strawberry Fields forever is originally a double a-side single!) &quot;A Hard Day's Night&quot; is the trademark of early Beatles' rock 'n' roll! &quot;Hey Jude&quot; is a very touching ballad Paul written for small Julian Lennon. &quot;Something&quot; is a nice romantic blues-soul ballad by George, yet the best beatles' song he wrote is &quot;Taxman&quot;(check it out now!). Anyway, I think this CD is a very good one for a new Beatles fans! Try all the beatles' albums to listen to their best side!
0140042520|5.0|In *Dharma Bums* we see the brave, forceful beginnings of the &quot;counter-culture&quot; in America.  The &quot;drop-out&quot; lifestyle is presented by Kerouac, its major early prophet, as a quazi-monastic quest to break free of the dullness and predictability of '50s middle class society, choose one's own values and discover a deep conncetion between the self and Nature.  A strong analogy is drawn at every opportunity between America's young rebels and the wandering holy men of other cultures who also advocated independence and simple living.
0380973634|5.0|When I read the synopsis of this book, I thought it looked kinda dumb. Boy, was I wrong. This is seriously one of the best books I've ever read. Very fast-paced, and a new and exciting event around every corner. The characters are incredibly well-developed as well. The story itself is marvelous. When you first come across the idea of people living in the London sewer system, it sounds ridiculous, but Gaiman successfully brings it to life. Neverwhere has a perfect blend of fantasy, horror, humor, and philosophy - sure to satisfy just about anybody. One of the reasons I loved it so much was because he was so good at writing one paragraph that had me cracking up, and the next paragraph I was getting up and making sure all the doors were locked. I couldn't put it down.
B00003CXE7|5.0|i love the extras in this movie. this movie is one of my all time favorites and a bought it thinking i was just getting a movie . I  took it home and i put in movie and watched it twice. then i wanted to see if the extra disk was stupid or ok. i was wrong this movie has the most trailers, extras and making og the vieo i have ever seen. i know this review is short but all i have to say is get this movie right now or trust me you will be sorry!!!
B000004166|5.0|This CD must be the best value of any I have ever bought.<br />Not only do you get all five Mozart Violin Concertos, but you also get the Adagio for violin and Orchestra, Rhondo for Violin and orchestra, and the sinfonia (K.364).  Not to mention the London symohony orchestras and Grumiaux!  WOW!<br />For the price of ONLY ONE CD!  Incredible<br />Thanks again Philips (Duo).
B000002UKS|5.0|I know.  Some people can look at this CD and see nothing original, nothing special.  But the pure energy and power of the Foo Fighters is amazing. Musically, the music is catchy and radio-friendly while still being unique, innovative and intricate.  The Foos somehow make catchy songs without losing the emotion in their music.  This CD in particular catches the anger and beauty the Foos are capable of.  Heck yeah, the Foos are cool. Get this CD!
B000002KKC|5.0|While &quot;Rumours&quot; made Fleetwood Mac superstars with the third highest selling album of all time (only Eagles' &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; (#1) and Michael Jackson's &quot;Thriller&quot; (#2) are currently higher in sales), I feel this came as somewhat of a curse to the band's future work because it would be nearly impossible to match that kind of success again thus overshadowing the rich material of follow up albums such as &quot;Tusk&quot; and &quot;Mirage&quot;.<br />Nevertheless, Lindsey Buckingham didn't really care about that as he was the creative driving force behind this 20 song set.  The content of this album sounds hardly like anything that was on the radio in 1979-1980.  No slick and polished disco, soul, new wave, or wanna-be punk rock can be found on this album.  Instead, what you will find is music for the heart.  The opening track of &quot;Over and Over&quot; is like an autumn-love dream with Christine McVie's sweet alto lullabying over a set of lush background vocals.  Lindsey's &quot;The Ledge&quot; can't but help but get your toes tappin', and you want to sing all the different harmonies for &quot;Save Me a Place&quot; because each part sounds too good to miss!  The best songs Stevie Nicks ever wrote are on this record also--&quot;Sara&quot; and &quot;Sisters of the Moon&quot;.  I dare you to absorb some of the hopelessness of &quot;Storms&quot; or the atmosphere of love and magic in &quot;Brown Eyes&quot;.  The album's title track is a classic and if you've seen &quot;The Dance&quot; you know this song has not lost it's touch when the USC Trojan Band comes marching down the aisles to join the band on stage.<br />Many reviewers don't understand why this album was so poorly received when it hit the shelves in October 1979.  At the time music was starting to cross over into electronic and synthesized tunes and the material on this record was seen as step back.  Had this been released in 1999, I believe the recognition among critics and fans would have been astonishing.<br />So get yourself a copy.  And if you can find one on vinyl it's also well worth the time to examine the detailed artwork (it comes with four album sleeves).  Plus &quot;Sara&quot; is unedited.
B000002AZ8|5.0|On this CD, Pearl Jam finally expanded from its grunge base into a truly original sound.  This is Pearl Jam at its most experimental, and therefore Pearl Jam at its best.  The music is full of energy and anger.  Awesome CD.
0385334206|4.0|Kurt Vonnegut Jr. has specialized in two types of novels.  The first types are made up of sharp, witty tales that poke fun at humanity, while all the time keeping one eye on the plot.  Both SLAUGHTERHOUSE FIVE and MOTHER NIGHT are sterling examples.<br />The second type of Vonnegut novel is awkward and unusual in the extreme, often leaving the reader dazed, thumping his or her head on the floor in a vain attempt at comprehension.  They are enjoyable, but their precise meaning continues to elude.  TIMEQUAKE is a fine example.  BREAKFAST OF CHAMPIONS is another.<br />BREAKFAST, to define some semblance of a plot, follows two main story threads.  In the first, Vonnegut presents us with Dwayne Hoover, car-salesman extrordinaire, who is slowly and surely losing his mind.  In the second, we have Vonnegut regular Kilgore Trout, the unemployed and unlikable science-fiction writer, who is hitch-hiking his way across the country to recieve a sizable award at an arts convention.<br />This is the plot, but Vonnegut adheres to it only in passing.  In countless asides and divergences, Vonnegut explores sex, race, politics, sex, enviromental catastrophe, sex, aliens, robots, god, and sex.  All this, plus numerous obscene doodles and an appearance from Vonnegut himself, bestowing wisdom upon his creations.<br />What, exactly, is Vonnegut trying to say?  American culture is a vast wasteland of imbecility?  People are generally self-centred and greedy, and above all, not nice?  As a culture, America is doomed to die in its own sewage?  The answer to all would seem to be yes.  Vonnegut has often had a core of anger in his writings, and BREAKFAST is perhaps his angriest.<br />But BREAKFAST is not simply a gloomy discussion of the end of us all.  Vonnegut is far too wise to dwell on man's foibles for long.  He continues on his merry way, drawing our attention to this event and that one, all the while reminding us that perhaps Dwayne Hoover is correct:  We ARE all robots, grinding our gears, fulfilling our functions, not considering any sorts of consequences.<br />An astonishing thing has just happened:  While penning this review, I realized just how much I enjoyed the book.  It was confusing, bizarre, and often irritating.  But many of Vonnegut's themes have remained in my consciousness, continuing to dispense nuggets of thought to my often-addled brain.  If that isn't the mark of a memorable novel, I don't know what is.ars, fulfilling our functions, not considering any sorts of consequences.<br />An astonishing thing has just happened:  While penning this review, I realized just how much I enjoyed the book.  It was confusing, bizarre, and often irritating.  But many of Vonnegut's themes have remained in my consciousness, continuing to dispense nuggets of thought to my often-addled brain.  If that isn't the mark of a memorable novel, I don't know what is.
B00000JG41|5.0|When I first heard this music, I started laughing.  It's just amazing! Normally songs have 4 parts max, but each song in this CD goes everywhere! At first, I just thought of this CD as a novelty, but the genius behind making such crazy music becomes evident over time.  It's amazing stuff.
0553212087|5.0|The country home called Howards End IS England...and Forster, through this novel, sets out to determine who shall inherit it.  To answer this question, the author examines the merits of the prevailing forces of his time characterized by the doomed, brooding proletariat (Bast), the pensive, soul-searching intellectuals (the Schlegel sisters) and the obtuse but prosperous business tycoons (the Wilcoxes).  Infused throughout the entire drama is the phantom of Mrs. Wilcox who, like Ben Kenobi of Star Wars, perishes early in the tale yet maintains an even more powerful presence from beyond the grave.<br />A judicious arbitrator, Forster provides a multidimensional vision of all of his main characters,  with their virtues and flaws enjoying equal time in the spotlight.  But Forster also takes us one step further, demonstrating through the relationship of Henry Wilcox and Margaret Schlegel that love can bring wholeness and healing to the liberal intellectual and the coarse businessman alike.  Though one might presuppose the writer's sympathies to lie with the idealist Margaret, he uses her perspective to appreciate the virtues of Henry the capitalist.  &quot;He never bothered over the mysterious or the private.  The Thames might run inland from the sea, the chauffeur might conceal all passion...they knew their business and he knew his....Some 20 years her senior, he preserved a gift that she supposed herself to have already lost-not youth's creative power, but its self-confidence and optimism.&quot; <br />Although Forster allows Margaret to humanize the Wilcoxes, he refuses to romanticize them.  Margaret alone provides the heart and soul of the relationship, picking up the pieces when Henry's material world comes crashing down upon him.  The tentative but enduring relationship between Margaret and Henry is encouraging for a politically polarized 21st century America-a timeless reminder that a commitment to love, patience and understanding can still conquer idealogical alienation.  And although the proletariat fares tragically, his offspring is perhaps the most triumphant of all.  It is through love that all of the diverse inhabitants of Howards End inherit their domain in the end.
0140177396|4.0|In the book Of Mice And Men Steinbeck uses a language that a common person would. I say this because he does not use many fancy words to try to make his book seem like a better book. He also tells about how life can sometimes be mean and hateful like the many times George gets mad at Lenny because he is slow and can not remember things too well. Steinbeck also writes about how life was for two guys during the great depression, and how people had to travle from place to place looking for work. He also writes in this book about how guys would save their money up and go into town on the weekend.    Personally I like this book because he tells how life was during the time of the great depression.
0399146253|4.0|Cornwell does it again.  Her descriptions of events is incredible, you almost like you are there with her.Patricia, if you read this Thank You, I've read all of yours, and all of John Grisham.
B00004XQP4|5.0|With the release of their fourth major label album &quot;Warning&quot; Green Day shows once again that they aren't your average &quot;punk-rock&quot; band. Gone are the three power chord angst filled songs, but the catchy harmonies that made &quot;Dookie&quot; a commercial success are back. However, this is &quot;Warning&quot; and not &quot;Dookie.&quot; The title track in itself asks &quot;Is the cop or am I the one that's really dangerous?&quot; That's pure Green Day...defiance, questioning everything and so on. &quot;Blood, Sex, And Booze&quot; is a good track that has a catchy beat and you just can't help but to tap your toes to. &quot;Church on Sunday&quot; explores the new direction of Green Day, asking the question &quot;If I promise to go to church on Sunday, will you go with me on Friday night? If you live with me I'll die for you and this compromise.&quot; &quot;Fashion Victim&quot; explores the pop culture of brand name clothes, asking &quot;what's in the name?&quot; &quot;Castaway&quot; is one of the best tracks on the album, telling the story of a loner trying to find his way. Then, the album gets incredible..&quot;Misery&quot; is a Russian-Spanish style song with acordians used very nicely, and with Bille Joe's vocals telling different stories of troubled people. &quot;Deadbeat Holiday&quot; is a decent song, with a message that attacks all losers who do nothing about themselves. &quot;Hold On&quot; is a song written by BJ for a friend who had three loved ones die in the same year. He says &quot;When there's nothing left to hold on to, you gotta hold on to yourself.&quot; &quot;Jackass&quot; is a song about just that...idiots. The main line says &quot;Everybody loves a joke, but no one likes a fool.&quot; How true. &quot;Waiting&quot; is another of the breakthrough, non angst songs that inspires hope in the listener. &quot;I've been waiting a lifetime for this moment to come, I'm destined for anything at all.&quot; If you're reading this, then odds areyou've already heard &quot;Minority&quot; the song that wants to be the underprivilaged and have their attitudes toward authority (for the most part). And finally, perhaps the greatest song on the album, &quot;Macy Day Parade&quot; is a wonderful ballad, similar to &quot;Good Riddance (Time of Your Life)&quot; but in a whole other direction. This beautiful song conveys the message that &quot;I'm thinking about a brand new hope, the one I've never known, 'cause now I know it's all that I've wanted.&quot; Overall, this album is a pure gem, although it will be marred by critics because it isn't &quot;Dookie&quot; and the standards have been set so high. But who cares? They are happy, and the album is wonderful. I recommend this to the die-hard Green Day fan, and to those who have never liked them as well. The guys should be proud of this effort!
B00003CWL6|5.0|It is not often I finish watching a film by saying 'Oh My God' out loud. Let be more specific: this is the first time. As a piece of entertainment, it is exceptionally good. Amongst all the other great things (cinematography, acting, etc.) I would particularly mention the script - there are some outstandingly witty and funny lines, as well as some monologues that may well move you to tears.<br />One point I would like to make which few others seem to have done - this film is expressing ideas which have been told us by mystics of all religions throughout the ages - to see the sublime in the mundane, or even the repugnant, simply by waking up to ourselves. &quot;We think we are alive but in fact we are simply asleep in life's waiting room.&quot; It carries this message across in such a beautiful artistic style that it will send shivers down your spine.<br />Kevin Spacey here gives the performance of his life, in a role he was born to play.<br />The DVD (thankfully) does have director's commentary, unlike so many other great films released on this medium, but do you think Sam Mendes could say 'the lighting in this scene was fantastic' a little more often ? ;-)
0805062971|5.0|Chuck Palahniuk is the next great writer and his potential is show with his work &quot;Fight Club&quot;. Many criticize the novel as a ultra-violence fest with a thin plot this work is really written for people living in the 1990's but also in the year 2000 and onward. Jack is your average joe who is a car crash investigator who suffers from insomnia and finds completion and peace by impersonation people in support groups. Soon Jack meets Tyler Durden, a free spirit who turns out to be a another personality in Jack's head. This novel has the recepie for a great novel as well as explosives and bombs.
B00004XONN|5.0|I have to admit, I had pretty low expectations for this album. Ok Computer was the greatest album I've ever heard, and after hearing some live bootlegs of Kid A, I knew the boys would not better it. Some of the songs, The National Anthem especially, were absolutely shocking live. Anyway, I bought the CD the day it came out and was surprised how much better the album songs are from their live counterparts. I still didn't like it though, and if it weren't for Kid A being a Radiohead album, I would have given up and never listened to it again. But I gave it an extra chance. Well a few extra chances, and found myself starting to like it. About ten more listens and I found myself loving it. Even The National Anthem started sounding good. There's just something about this album that can't be described with words. The mood, the atmosphere this album possess is like no other, and at times of stress (my exams) there was nothing else I wanted to listen to. No it is not better than OK Computer, but compared to most other so called &quot;new&quot; music out there, Kid A stands out. I can understand why so many Radiohead fans don't like Kid A and why they'd think people who do like it are just kidding themselves, but that's a totally wrong and unfair statement to make. Kid A can be loved. The beauty of Radiohead, the reason why I held them above every other band was their ability to touch my heart and bring me to tears. The Bends and OK Computer brought me to tears. And yes, so did Kid A. <br />Beautiful.
B000005IU2|5.0|I apoligize if this review is anecdotal and not very analytical.    I am an analytical person, however, no music has ever touched me as directly and emotionally, right or wrong, as this album did.  I bought this CD on a whim 12 years ago, thinking it was a good novelty album.  When I played it the first time, I think I experienced what a heroin addict achieves during their first intravenous injection.  During those precious 36 minutes, I became overwhelmed, as I had no idea music such as this existed, lying latent for me to be discovered.  I never achieved the same state of gripping awe and wonder as then, and now it is difficult to listen to this album because it is so incredibly draining emotionally.
B00004U8H4|5.0|Hollywood finally inproves a novel.  Bret Easton Ellis' novel American Psycho was &quot;cool&quot; - but the movie was actually better.  I still suggest anyone that enjoyed the movie should read the book.  If you felt the movie was tame, rush out and get the book!  The book and the movie are almost like bookends, you need them both to get the whole &quot;psycho&quot; experience.<br />Ellis' first novel Less Than Zero was &quot;trashed&quot; when Hollywood adapted (completely rewrote) it for the big screen.  So I was amazed this movie complimented the novel.  I originally saw this movie at a &quot;state of the art&quot; theater and was suprized at how well the DVD &quot;worked&quot; as a home movie.<br />Therefore, if you are into slasher, black comedy, satire of the 80' flixs, this is the primo DVD for you!  Also, if you like German films, it definately has that European &quot;feel&quot; to it that many American movie goers just don't &quot;get.&quot;
B00000J2KX|5.0|While I could grouse about the picture and sound quality of this DVD (as others have), I won't.  Purchased as part of the Stanley Kubrick Collection, The Shining has become a favorite disc.<br />As the title of this review suggests, the best reason to hit the Add to Shopping Cart button on The Shining is the accompanying documentary &quot;The Making of the Shining&quot;.  Unlike the usual E!-type pabulum designed strictly to hype the film, this little 16mm gem was made by Stanley Kubrick's daughter as an exuberant tribute to what her dad did for a living. Her conversation with Jack Nicholson in a bathroom mirror - she holding the camera, he brushing his teeth - is a wonderful, insightful moment.  So is the footage of Kubrick directing Shelley Duvall, the cast rehearsing lines in the cavernous kitchen set, and the various interviews with cast members.  If you want to see what Stanley Kubrick was like at work, this, sadly, is your only chance.<br />Like Barry Lyndon before it, The Shining seems to be, in part, an experiment. As Barry Lyndon shows us what a Kubrick costume drama would be like, so The Shining answers another eternal question - &quot;What would a Stanley Kubrick horror film be like?&quot;<br />Oddly, the other Kubrick film it is most like is 2001: A Space Odyssey.  It has about the same running time; the same four-act construction; the sense of isolation; the long, wordless passages; a supernatural element; a homicidal maniac (HAL in the previous film, Jack in the latter); and a headlong rush into the unknown at the end (flying down corridors of light in 2001, running down corridors of a hedge maze in The Shining).  The clich&eacute; is true: in some ways it is a thinking-man's horror film.<br />The Shining works on at least two levels. On the surface, we have the populist, iconic imagery - &quot;Heeeeers's Johnny!&quot;, the blood pouring from the elevator, and Tony the gravel-voiced finger-puppet of doom.  At the end, Kubrick even has fun with us by doing something we would not expect of him - the terrified wife sees visions of cobwebs and skeletons bathed in theatrical blue artificial moonlight. It's meant to be a grim joke about the genre. But like a great illusionist, Kubrick is misdirecting us, catching us off-gaurd with deft but cheap cinematic tricks so he can work on entirely deeper level. In this respect, The Shining owes more to Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness than to Sean S. Cunningham's Friday the 13th.<br />This duality led to many critics to dismiss The Shining in their first reviews, as they responded to only the surface of the film.  It did not earn blockbuster dollars in its first theatrical run, either.  But then The Shining's second layer - the film the subconscious sees - began to take hold, and The Shining started to haunt our collective dreams.  In a quiet moment, the memory of Danny Torrance wheeling his tricycle through the corridors of the Overlook will bubble up, and bring a genuine chill we may not have even felt when first we saw it.  The Shining is most effective for its after-effect, rather than its initial catalogue of haunted-house theatrics.ing something we would not expect of him - the terrified wife sees visions of cobwebs and skeletons bathed in theatrical blue artificial moonlight. It's meant to be a grim joke about the genre. But like a great illusionist, Kubrick is misdirecting us, catching us off-gaurd with deft but cheap cinematic tricks so he can work on entirely deeper level. In this respect, The Shining owes more to Joseph Conrad's Heart of Darkness than to Sean S. Cunningham's Friday the 13th.  <br />This duality led to many critics to dismiss The Shining in their first reviews, as they responded to only the surface of the film.  It did not earn blockbuster dollars in its first theatrical run, either.  But then The Shining's second layer - the film the subconscious sees - began to take hold, and The Shining started to haunt our collective dreams.  In a quiet moment, the memory of Danny Torrance wheeling his tricycle through the corridors of the Overlook will bubble up, and bring a genuine chill we may not have even felt when first we saw it.  The Shining is most effective for its after-effect, rather than its initial catalogue of haunted-house theatrics.
B000002IXS|5.0|After purchasing and reviewing a more recent and decidedly inferior performance of Piaf (Raquel Bitton), I realized I hadn't contributed to this conversation.<br />It's true, Mireille tends to polarize people; I received a particularly nasty e-mail following my review of Ms. Bitton accusing Ms. Mathieu of being &quot;merely a technician&quot;.  What a technician!<br />Certainly Mireille Mathieu assumed the mantle of Piaf in the sixties after Piaf's death.  This CD of Piaf songs was long overdue.  She has a strength and a level of emotion in her voice that others haven't yet achieved.<br />Few of us want to hear an exact transcript of beloved performances by singers departed.  We want to hear the spirit of the work continue.  Ms. Mathieu accomplishes this in spades, without losing her own considerable identity.<br />I have been a fan of both Piaf and Mathieu for more than 30 years and this CD is a divine melding of the two.<br />I have purchased a dozen copies of this CD over the past few years to give to friends and associates curious about these two singers.  Great for a gift or for yourself!
B00003CXDG|1.0|While the action sequences were very good, the plot and script left a lot to be desired. Even with the glitzy action the movie had me yawning at the half way mark. The plot in this movie and it's predecessor lack the style and subtilty of the original TV series.  If there was ever a question as to whether this was simply a Tom Cruise vehicle your suspicions are confirmed at the end of the film with the &quot;Making Of...&quot; interviews.<br />Your time would be better spent watching one of the old Bond films than wasting a single moment with this turkey.
