078322608X|4.0|Interesting, intricately constructed, and generally enjoyable Terry Gilliam film suffers only from the occasional gimmicky tonality and general unevenness that seem to plague most Gilliam films. Still, this is a  strikingly unique movie that has a lot going for it, including oodles of  detail and nuance, evocative, surreal visuals, and lots of imagination. The  performances aren't as universally excellent as they've been said to be,  but they're certainly interesting, and the last five minutes of this film  provide a riveting and challenging climax. Recommended.
6305181772|3.0|the action in the film seems to fake somehow I don't know and can't put my finger on it. I really love this film but something was definitely off. However I saw a preveiw of part 2 next summer and John Woo is directing it  should be awsome!
B00002EPMF|4.0|This cd kix all ___! I First heard &quot;Expect The Unexpeted&quot; on my local metal station &quot;Into The Pit&quot; and I just had to hear it agin. These guys rock! Everyone buy this cd, you wont be disapointed I  asure you.
B00000J6AG|2.0|It's a moderately good dance record with a couple of stand-out tracks. It's nowhere near as good or as ground-breaking as 'Everything Is Wrong'. It's sample overload. It's a unfocused. It works in places and not in  others. It's 'clever'. <br />If you're dipping a toe into the murky waters of  dance music, and you want a 'safe' CD from a North American artist to play  at dinner parties, buy this. It's better than Deep Forest or  Vengaboys.<br />But seriously, how is the Best of 99 list made up? Who  decides? It's like a dance music equivalent of a rock list including The  Eagles, The Rolling Stones and Pink Floyd. All good acts ... but not in the  running any more.
078401213X|3.0|Stylish and interesting, but there was obviously very little research involved on the part of the writer and/or director. It's enjoyable enough, and thought-provoking in its way, but it doesn't deserve all the lavish  praise it's received. Upon reflection it comes off a lot like a well-made  student film by a kid who's more infatuated with moody techno than actual  mathematics. I liked the ideas the movie explores, and the aesthetics were  captivating, but there is an evident amateurism detectable behind it all.  An interesting and entertaining debut, but more a clever exercise in style  than anything else.
6305127646|3.0|The first time I saw this film I thought it was great but the second time it was down and out boring? I think the reason is because Kilmer played the part a little true blue. To much like a saint, there was nothing really  attractive about his personality. And the miracles came a little easy at  the end. Shue was okay, I really wanted this to be great because Kilmer is  one of the best actors but he failed this part.
0385484518|3.0|Great book.  Touchy-feely, well-done, etc.  There was a fair amount in it about what's really important in life and money wasn't it.  Mitch Albom has done a nice job of making plenty with the book.  Not quite up there with  pocketing door to door UNICEF collections but sort of has that same feel.   It would have been really good to have &quot;100% of proceeds to whatever  charity etc etc&quot; plastered all over the book.  That way poor Morrie  would have to keep rolling over and over and over as Mitch shopped for new  cars and signed lucrative contracts.
B0000029J5|5.0|When I ordered this cd, I wasn't really sure what to expect.  When it arrived, I played it almost immediately, and fell in love with it.  Where has his music been hiding?
B00000JPH5|5.0|A well done movie for kids and adults alike. David Bowie is a great goblin king.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I just got hooked on Sarah Brightman's great voice a little while ago when I saw her on TV. I wanted the CD &quot;Time to Say Goodbye&quot;, but I couldn't find it, so I bought this one. I do not regret it. The music is  really soothing, romantic at times, poetic. I cannot recommend this CD  enough. <br />Sarah Brightman has the most beautiful voice. All of the songs  are great, something uncommon, I might add. Her interpretation of &quot;Il  mio cuore va&quot; is, in my humble opinion, much better than Celine  Dion's. I'd like to point out, though, that the song &quot;Tu&quot; says a  bunch of nonsense. In one part it says &quot;you hug me with your feet and  I lick the arnes(?)&quot; and &quot;You, mounted(montadA!) on me&quot;. The  song is beautiful, but it makes me wonder if the rest of the songs in  Italian, etc. also say nothing but nonsense. &quot;Tu&quot; barely makes  any sense. I wonder if Sarah has any idea of what she's singing.<br />Anyway,  you will certainly enjoy this if you're not too concerned about such  trivialities. ^_^; No matter what kind of music you like, this CD will be  one of your favorites. Sarah Brightman's voice is so captivating that  she'll have you buying even more of her albums in no time!
0790732017|4.0|Sans aucun doute, c'est l'un des meillers films de son temps. Mais il m'a toujours laiss un got d'inachev. Car si le roman est un chef-d'oeuvre, le film lui, se contente souvent de quelques clichs et de longues minutes  de silence qui ajoutent rarement de l'intensit au film.   quand la suite  du film (Banco)?
B000002NJS|5.0|For almost 16 years, Madonna Veronica Ciccone has given us the best of pop and dance music. Her attitudes on sexuality, religion, and other issues flow through her lyrics and music. For 16 years Madonna has changed, in  more ways than one. This change I will predict will be here for a very long  time. Madonna has proven herself to be one of the most successful pop  musicians in the Music industry. Her album Ray Of Light has made a stepping  stone in her career.  The lyrics are very poetic and shows her new interest  in spiritualism. In 1996 during the filming of evita and when she  discovered she was pregnant with Lordes, she began taking  ashtagna yoga  lessons. And also, with the advice of a friend, she took classes in the  Kabalah, the jewish brand of spiritualism. This shows in her lyrics when  she sings in Nothing Really Matters:     Nothing Really Matters     Love is  all we need     Everything I give you     All Comes back to me Madonna here  speaks of the rule of karma, the rule of Yoga and other earth based  religions.     With the help of Techno wizard William Orbit and the  wonderful pop genuis Marius De Vries, Madonna constructs a brand of music  that surpasses Bjork, Erasure, or any other pop band that explored the  techno area. During the songs, there will be chirps, bubbles, the musical  portions cannot be described really. One would have to hear it to beleive  it.     In conclusion, Madonna put together an extremly good record that is  definitely worth listening, even if you are not a Madonna fan. I would, in  my opinion give more than 5 stars if I could. It was an amazing and  beautiful album.
B00000IKSC|5.0|I loved this video. I bought it the first day that it came out! I screamed in the Music store! Thats the Way I like it was great, the way that A.J. does that little head sway thing iz so adorable. Then all of thier solos,.. Ooooh DoggY! I really like A.J.'z, the way he dances. OVER ALL THIS MOVIE  IZ SWEET!
6304117752|5.0|MY 9 YEAR OLD VISUALLY IMPAIRED DAUGHTER SITS RIGHT IN FRONT OF THE TELEVISION AND LOVED WATCHING MARY POPPINS.  DUE TO THE FACT THAT HER VISION IS IMPAIRED HER HEARING IS VERY SENSITIVE.  SHE LOVES JULIE ANDREWS  VOICE AND SINGS ALL HER SONGS.  I THOUGHT SHE WOULD LIKE TO HEAR THE GREAT  SINGING AND SONGS IN THIS MUSICAL.  I WAS VERY DISAPPOINTED TO FIND OUT  THAT YOU CAN NO LONGER GET THIS MOVIE.  WHAT A SHAME!   PLEASE RE-RELEASE  THIS MOVIE BECAUSE THERE IS A LITTLE GIRL OUT THERE THAT NEEDS IT!
0060931671|5.0|Pynchon is a word painter, that's the only way to describe him. He gives us these wonderful scenes described so well and cinematically, splashes in some bright colorful characters, and then gives us this dark undershading  of paranoia; creating in the process great works of art. This book is  perhaps one of his easier reads on the reader, not as demanding as  Gravity's Rainbow, or as long as Mason &amp; Dixon, but still filled with  deep meaning and jaw dropping prose. Oedipa is a great straight character  surrounded by the many surreal people she encounters in her journey to find  W.A.S.T.E. and the mystery of the muted trumpet. Some of the best scenes  come when she has to interact with some of them, like The Paranoias (I  swear I laughed out-loud in some of those scenes). The book is quick, but  dark; funny, but thought provoking; short, but much more fulfilling than  any long popular novel. Pynchon may be the greatest living writer, his  words are filled with vivid electricy, don't let this, one of his best,  pass you by. I promise, the quality of the prose alone will be enough to  make your head spin, the panoramic images will make it explode.
B000002KGT|3.0|I laugh at you who try to compare Fleetwood Mac to the Beatles. This is a good album, but give me a break, it doesn't compare to any of the efforts by the Beatles. Lindsey Buckingham the best guitarist? I don't think so.  How's about Jimi Hendrix or Jimmy Page? Hell, Bob Dylan played a meaner  harmonica than Buckingham played his guitar.
6304118392|5.0|Natural Born Killers is easily the best movie to come out of this decade. It is surreal, highly intelligent, sarcastic, and like the Exorcist, seems to have some kind of power beneath the simple plot. The actors and  actresses all perform perfectly as their characters, Tommy Lee Jones  rightly over-the-top, and Woody Harrelson a subtle, evil Mickey Knox. The  cinematography is simply amazing, pure amped beauty, the psychological  screens behind the action, the desert, and my god, the violence of the  riot... perfect.<br />There's something going on in every sceen of the movie,  like Owen at the beginning in the diner, or pictures of Mallory's father  when she's with the gas station attendant. The movie was deep (sorry about  the cliche) like in the whole Native American sceen where the word  &quot;demon&quot; and &quot;too much t.v.&quot; flash on the muderers  chests. Later in the movie we hear more explictily about the demon in  Mickey's amazing television interview with Wayne Gayle.<br />But the main  reason about why is movie is what it is and somehow more, is its message.  It isn't subtle about it either. The media has gotten way too important,  fed itself fat on society's rich blood, and yet we scream for more, we want  our blood sucked. Every day our lives are permeated with violence, violence  in movies, television, the news, and we crave it. Natural Born Killers was  a wake up call, and a choatic brilliant one at that, turning a warped  mirror around and pointing it at the audience. You see those people  worshipping Mickey and Mallory at the outside the court sceen, that is us,  that is who we are, and this movie tries to get us to wake up and see that.
6305627347|5.0|Incredibly funny, incredibly tasteless!  The horrible animation is more than offset by the at-times-brilliant writing.  If you're already a South Park fan you'll love this video --- if not, you probably should check-out a  few of the regular shows first.<br />Don't let your kids see this video.  The  language is bad!  Really bad!
0805211063|5.0|There are so many levels to Kafka's writing, it's hard to write about his masterpiece in such a small space. The Castle is a book that shows a political system the people cannot get in touch with, never really see, and  can only guess at. This was written around 1920, pre-Orwell, pre-Huxley,  even pre-Anthem, a distopia novel that is better than any others. Kafka's  citizens, like America's, can never really contact the Castle like how we  cannot ever really contact our castle, the white house, directly. This book  may even be considered a work of prophesy by one of the greatest geniuses  to ever live.<br />Another great thing about this book is how is shows  nothing ever beginning or ending. K. tries to get to the Castle, doesn't;  K. fires his assistants, he sees them again; K. is accepted as the  surveyor, he is denied... Nothing seems to have a point, but that in itself  is the point. Life is just and endless round of disappoints and no no clear  cut endings or beginnings. Life is absurd, and while we may laugh at the  antics of the assistants at first, doesn't it get kind of creepy after a  while, kind of like you KNOW people like that, people who you can see  through but everyone else loves for some reason?<br />This book is dense,  long, and very dark. It may also be (next to Ulysses) the most important  work of fiction of the twentieth century, showing us how absurd and useless  are lives really are. No one can ever reach the castle, it stands in sight,  but we can never achieve the enlighenment or promminence nessicary to get  inside. Kafka's genius will astound you, but I would suggest reading The  Trial and some of the short stories before attempting to tackle this  difficult work. It pays to be &quot;in the Kafka know&quot; when reading  The Castle, it'll be much more enjoyable.
B00002Z88D|5.0|A great CD, Metallica always puts out a good show, and to make it even better, it's a cheap two CD set. The symphony is great, and only adds to the music. There is suspiciously nothing from Kill Them All, and  unsuspiciously nothing from Garage Inc. But I enjoy it throughly, there is  only one song there they shouldn't have done. Fuel. Fuel is a song of pure  base/guitar, no room for strings. A better choice instead would have been  Mama Said, Low Man's Lyric or Unforgiven. But despite that one song, they  rock! A great mix of old, and new, and random stuff.
6302732778|5.0|Without a doubt, this has to be one of the greatest sci-fi, cult films out there. It ranks just under Star Wars. A real shame it was ignored up until a few years ago. A true sci-fi fan would watch this movie over and over  again.
B00002MZ12|2.0|What happened?  I know Alanis can sound great live.  I was lucky enough to have 3rd row center seats during her SFIJ tour.  Beautiful voice!  Such raw energy, jumping and twirling, swinging those long braids while playing  fantastic harmonica.  But here, it's a different story. In &quot;You  Learn&quot; she sounds anemic and inebriated, slurring many words. And she  totally butchers &quot;Ironic&quot;.  &quot;You Oughta Know&quot; is OK,  but doesn't have the intensity of her live performance at the Grammy's.   &quot;Uninvited&quot; is a soulful version, too bad it's spoiled by mike  noise.  The one saving grace is &quot;Joining You&quot;, that's an example  of Alanis at her best.  Too bad the other tracks aren't.
B000001E7V|5.0|In an age where hip-hop is beginning to seem more like glam-rock, trip-hop rides in to save the day.  Maxinquaye is trip-hop at its finest.  With some of the most dark, deep, pulse-throbbing music ever, Maxinquaye rears up to  separate Tricky from all the pretenders out there.  With Martine's angelic  voice, and the eerie sounds of Tricky himself, you feel the paradox that is  Maxinquaye.  With each track being above par, Tricky's Maxinquaye is a must  have album.
0767817974|5.0|YO, bad boys is one of my favorite movies of all time.  Starring will smith, and martain lawrence, its one of the funniest movies to date.  If you have not got this one, please go out and get it.  It may be a little  old, ('95) but it still holds its spot in my head, #1.
0060920432|5.0|I read this book on the way out to the YMCA National Long Course Swimming Championships, and it truly helped me lose my pre-event nerves! I realized that the best performance one can have is when he/she becomes so involved  it just happens - there was no thinking involved! If you believe it's  possible, it happens.
6305627401|1.0|I'm embarrassed to have rented South Park. I'm not a prude by any stretch; in fact I knew what to expect going in. But this film was so far over the top that it didn't even approach being funny after the first few fountains of profanity and obscenity. Parents of teens, beware. This  movie will warp their fragile little minds. Let them watch good ol'  fashioned graphic sex and violence instead.
B00002MZ12|5.0|This CD is awesome.  No better way to put it.  I'm so glad she put out a live album.  I've seen her 3 times in the past year and a half and I have never been disappointed.  I was lucky enough to see her with Garbage and  Tori Amos (at seperate venues) and was blown away.  She has a strong  prescence and she really expresses herself on stage - not afraid to be  creative and let loose.  The best tracks are &quot;No Pressure Over  Cappuchino&quot;, &quot;I Was Hoping&quot;, &quot;Ironic&quot;, and  definitely the cover of &quot;King of Pain&quot; (&quot;queen of  pain&quot;)  If you haven't seen her in concert, you're missing out on a  great performance.
6300213668|5.0|A hit!  What else can I say?  This movie is a great view of teenage lives in the late 1950's, early 1960's.  Though the actors are a bit old to play high school kids, they can do it very well.  The music is so original and  awesome, and the non-stop comedy is great!  To enjoy Grease the best, I  recommend buying the 20th Aniversary Edition, and if you can't, that's ok,  you'll like it just as much.  I have never seen the Broadway version or any  play version, but this version is really great!  Watch it right away.  I  would compare this movie to &quot;Hairspray&quot;, another must-see!
6303972810|5.0|Willow is a wonderful fantasy for all ages six+. Great special effects, action and adventure.  Warwick Davis is a wonderful reluctant hero.  His children are adorable.  Val Kilmer looks great in braids!  Billy Barty is a  national treasure.  This film makes mythology just plain fun!   ....
0312958455|5.0|Michael Connelly does not disappoint his faithful with this one.  It was a great chance to learn a little bit more about a character that is close to my heart.<br />During a leave from duty Bosch delves deep into his past to  make sense of his mother's murder (and hopefully find the killer).<br />While  the action is quick and the writing is strong what really makes this  Connelly book stand out is that we really learn what makes Bosch tick.  The  title is also great - it has a double meaning, it signifies how Harry sees  himself as well as the earthquake ravaged LA neighborhood in which Bosch  resides - he has a coyote that visits his hillside home from time to  time.<br />A very enjoyable read.
6305603847|5.0|Simply on of the best musical performances of all time.  An adult &quot;must see&quot; film.
0316152196|3.0|While I eagerly awaited Bosch's return in Angels Flight I was somewhat disappointed in what I found between the covers.  I hate to have to give this book a mediocre review.<br />Where did the Harry that I had grown to love  go?  It seemed as though his gritty, hard edged character has softened and  in doing so become a bit bland.<br />I honestly, had to skim through several  parts of this book because I just couldn't get into it.  I am a huge fan of  Connelly's and I just hope that Void Moon will take us back to the Connelly  we know and love - hey, everyone is allowed to make a mistake, right?<br />If  you are a Bosch fan then you should read Angels Flight but if not go back a  read some of Connelly's older books first.
0385493800|5.0|This has to be one of Grisham's finest.  In short, it's about a billionaire who sticks it to his kids one last time before his death.  A lawyer grabs his fragile sobriety and heads into the depths of Brazil to  find the sole heir.  It's an interesting story with a few unexpected  twists, but not too much of the legal tedium displayed in some of his  earlier works.  The depth to which the characters are developed is  uncanny...you almost feel the heat of their emotions.  It is as much a  story on the trappings and failings (and somewhat rare triumphs) of our  American culture as it is a story about the distrubution of a billionaires'  estate.  A great read, I hated for it to end.
0782008372|3.0|First off, I would like to say this is a good movie, and it's story is very creative. I've watched many of the TV shows, so I understand the premise of the TV series now that I have seen this movie. However, the  quality is VERY poor. I own the Monty Python DVD, which is I believe is an  older movie than this one, and it has better quality this Highlander DVD! I  can't believe it's THX certified. I think the guys at THX were drunk when  they transferred this movie to DVD, because it's way too grainy, and the  sound could have been improved a little more. If you can look past the poor  picture and somewhat poor sound quality, then this movie is thoroughly  entertaining.
B000002UA5|5.0|Well...it's a great album sober. It's an awesome album drunk. It makes you forget everything else and listen to nothing but the music when you are stoned. But when you are tripping...My Good Lord above, this album  transports you to a new dimension. So, whether you are a straightedge or a  stoner, or you are shopping for a good aid to your first psychedelic  experience, buy Ummagumma, put it on random, lay back, and as Trey  Anastasio says, surrender to the flow :)<br />Happy Listening everyone
079073172X|2.0|Clint Eastwood must have been offered a lot of money to do this picture.  Without a doubt the worst of the Dirty Harry movies.  It seemed like Clint was doing a parody of himself. The only saving grace is Taye Daly's role as  a rookie detective that gives Harry a run for his money.  There are also  some good oneliners.  The next Dirty Harry film Sudden Impact is a major  improvement.
0141301104|1.0|The  book   Witches didn't have enough action.I couldn't find the concept of this book. He didn't consiter the fact that there are good and bad witches. I'm just 10 years old and I can recognize bad writing when I see  it!
B000002KIC|5.0|This album has the diffinitive versions of some great songs: &quot;Who Do You Love?&quot; with Ronnie Hawkins, &quot;The Night They Drove Old Dixie Down&quot;, &quot;Stage Fright&quot;, Neil Young's &quot;Helpless&quot;,   Van Morrison's &quot;Caravan&quot;.
B00000J6AG|5.0|I haven't stopped listening to this CD since I bought it.  It is the kind of CD you can listen to no matter what mood you are in or what you are doing.  Absolutely the best CD I have heard in a long time.
B000001DTM|5.0|As the 80's drew to a close, it seemed that people had their fix of U2, almost to the point where it was sickening.  If they wanted to succeed again, they needed an album that could make them cool, without their sappy  image.  That's exactly what Achtung Baby did.  The music had the same soul  as before, but in a different body.  U2 became truly cool, with their new  electronic and dance sounds.  From the beginning Zoo Station that has that  sweet guitar, to the ending ballad Love Is Blindness, there are plenty of  great songs, no matter what kind of music you like.  The Fly and Mysterious  Ways rock, while One and Ultra Violet just sound great.  This album is  truly one of the best ever made.  If you don't own it, you have to buy  it!
B00000JPH4|5.0|I am a big fan of fantasy movies from the late 70's and early 80's. I have Legend, and I have a recorded copy of Labyrinth. Now I will finally be able to add The Dark Crystal to my collection.
0140177396|5.0|This is old school writing, writing from before the days of the bloated bestsellers. When writers wrote books instead of Hollywood enticements for screenplays.  <br />Lenny carries forth on the strength of a dream, a dream  whose destruction is wrought by his own physical strength. George is  something of a Depression era Jesus; giving hope and life to Lenny and  later, destroying that life; performing an act of sacrifice and love by  taking Lenny's suffering upon himself and setting Lenny free.<br />Steinbeck  tells a story without employing a \\"cast of thousands,\\" without relying upon  exotic locations and eccentric characters for denouement, without  gratuitous violence, prolific profanity and sizzling sex scenes. Steinbeck  gives you character. Character driven by Hunger and Hope (George and  Lenny), character personifying meanness (Curly) and Loneliness (Curly's  wife). Steinbeck wrote a simple story that is character driven and plot  maintained and scarcely over one hundred pages long.   A knockout.
B000002B34|5.0|I don't what the Editor (above) istrying to prove. He obviously ain't a Pink Floyd fan..This one is a MUST buy CD....other than all their studio  albums, this one and Shine On ARE the best Compilations of PF.
B00003003R|5.0|For the love of god STOP CALLING GNR A GLAM BAND.  The are rock n roll, nothing more.  AXL ROSE hated those wimps who did the soft ballads. I was so blown away by this album.  It is so much more powerfull than the studio  albums.  This is a breath of fresh air, with all this weak rap rock out  there now.   LONG LIVE GNR
B000002NE4|5.0|Nick Cave comes full circle with this album.  Only a casual fan,I thought he had hit his pinnacle with &quot;Let Love In&quot; in '94.  However, he takes the all-consuming extremes that made &quot;Let Love In&quot; and  &quot;Murder Ballads&quot; the unique offerings they were one step  further...he never quite achieves reconciliation, but he offers some hint  of acceptance.  If you are a fan of music that is wrought of pure emotion,  hear this album.
B000031XCR|5.0|well Celine is back as usual with a great album which make us her fans very happy,excited , and proud of her. In addition to her all time greatest hits she added new excellent hits which will make her unforgetable. simply  it is great !  well done Celine you are the best  this album is a must for  all Celine's fans
B0000024YL|5.0|As a big fan of S&amp;G this is the CD that got me hooked.   I enjoyed every song off of it and will continue to listen to it for years to come.   I also saw Garfunkel in concert at the local theater I work at and it was  the best concerts I have ever seen. His son sang &quot;Feeling Grovy&quot;  with him.   If you ever get the chance to see either Simon or Garfunkel in  concert it is worth it.
0345350499|2.0|I first read the &quot;Mists of Avalon&quot; in high school (many moons ago) on the recommendation of all my female, high school friends (who, it should be noted, were into &quot;experimental theology&quot;), and because  everywhere I turned there was hoopla.  &quot;The Arthurian Legend from the  female's perspective!&quot;  &quot;Gripping!&quot;  &quot;Epic!&quot;  And  so forth.<br />Undaunted by its size (a fan of Hugo and Dostoyevsky comes to  expect a few thousand pages), I delved in, expecting to be swept up into  the gripping, epic, feminist legend.  What I discovered was exactly the  opposite.<br />&quot;The Mists of Avalon&quot; is long, poorly written, poorly  characterized, agenda-ridden, historically and mythically inaccurate and -  worst of all - dull.  I found the characters completely unsympathetic, the  sex scenes gruesome and drawn-out, the perspective offensive (i.e.,  violently anti-Christian, a strange perspective for one who claimed Christ  on her webpage), and the prose plodding.  <br />As for the feminist aspect, if  &quot;feminism&quot; means the maligning of the opposite sex and the  desecration of erroniously titled &quot;patriarchial religions&quot; - then  this is an excellent example of feminist literature.  If, however, feminism  implies the female's perspective, then Ms. Bradley completely missed the  mark with her unsympathetic, libido or emotionally driven women who  themselves do not understand the fullness, richness and awesome domestic  power of the fair sex.<br />The only impetus to finish the book was that I  tore a corner of the unweildy thing and felt so badly (it was borrowed from  a friend) that I bought another copy for the owner, and now owned a copy  myself.  The lure of consumerism snared me, and I finished the darn thing -  after many, many months.<br />However, despite such a moribund review, I will  give &quot;Mists of Avalon&quot; two stars: the first for effort (one can  only imagine the work that went into producing such a tome), and the second  for the revenue it produced which funded Marion Zimmer Bradley's Fantasy  Magazine.  Ms. Bradley, may God rest her soul, was an excellent editor and  mentor.  But as an authoress, she lacked.
1558216340|5.0|Today, Most of us have a soft, comfortable and safe life. We are confident that we are in control. It is most likely the people featured in this book felt the same way at one time. Yes, this is a true story about several  innocent individuals leading normal lives until the Second World War came  along. Then, through the toss of the dice, they found themselves together  in a Russian prison camp in Siberia. <br />I felt they would perish many times  over before they arrived at the prison compound. They not only survived up  to this point in time, but after their escape, went on to suffer hardships  many times greater than all previous. This is not a sob story about people  feeling sorry for themselves. No, it is about determination, miracles, grit  and attitude. <br />My Father introduced this book to me. I now have passed it  along to my son. When I first read it, I could not put it down. I read  through the day, into the evening and finally finished it in the early  morning hours. I have never experienced this passion for a book. I wish a  movie was made based on this hardship. The best part is that it is told by  Slavomir Rawicz, who was one of the escapees. I feel certain that after  this humbling and shattering life experience, he told it from deep within  his soul. I do not feel there was any fluff added. <br />I liked it as I have  never liked a book, ever. It was as if I got on board a roller coaster,  strapped myself in, and took off on a scary but thrilling journey,  completly safe, yet somtimes a little frightened at what I saw. I came away  with the feeling that today, in America, there is truly no cause for anyone  to complain about their petty problems. Relatively speaking, we have no  problems. We are pampered. I used it as a learning experience. I tucked it  away in my memory. For today we too, are comfortable, safe, and confident.  Who knows what the dice hold in store for us?
B000002NHN|5.0|Loreena McKennit, as another reviewer has described, is not only about music, but also about mood.  Her blend of eastern and western sounds is unparalleled, and distinctly hypnotizing.  In &quot;The Book of  Secrets,&quot; her latest offering, not only is her photograph much  improved, but she returns to that exact blend of Indian and Celtic music.   Drawing from Dante, Irish Monks, ragas and several other sources, she is a  delight to the ears as well as to the well-read mind.  This album also  features another one of her poetic renderings, this time of the beloved and  tragic &quot;Highwayman.&quot;  Those who especially enjoyed &quot;The Mask  and the Mirror&quot; should invest in &quot;The Book of Secrets&quot; - a  beautiful and haunting collection.
B00003003R|5.0|It is about time that this live double CD came out.  With all the boy bands &amp; teeny-boppers ruling the airwaves, GNR came at the right time.  This album has all the hits plus some surprise tunes on it (i.e. &quot;Dust  'n Bones&quot;, &quot;Move to the City&quot;).  I wish they could've added  the Stone's cover &quot;Wild Horses&quot;, but oh well.  Anyway, this is a  great live cd.....much better than Aerosmith's by the way.
B000007XUQ|4.0|I love the Carpenters and I only wish I could have heard more to be sure.  My daughter has been trying to find it for me.  I will tell her to come here.
0060977493|4.0|After you finish reading a book and you see the taste of the book is still lingering in your mind you know the book you have just read is different, yes different from the others. This is the way I felt when I finished  reading &quot;The God Of Small Things&quot;. &quot;The God of Small Things\\"  is a very stylised and exotic novel. It is very different from the  conventional type and breaks all barriers. It is brilliantly plotted and  gives the reader a sense of agonising sadness and inevitability. Yet  nothing can prepare you for what lies in the heart of it. Every page is a  discovery within itself. The book really contains many themes such as Love,  Madness, Hope and Infinite Joy. There is no particular evidence but the  themes can be felt and understood when the whole novel has been read over  and over again. It is truly a masterpiece.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This album brings me back to spring break 1971 when 3 of my best friends and I packed into a VW Superbeetle to go to Ft.Lauderdale,and all had our hair tucked up under baseball caps as they killed yankees in GA.back then  especially with long hair. We pulled into a redneck town to get gas and  much to our surprise had a person get out of a mobile home telling us it  was great to see non rednecks,the master himself Carlos who was on his way  with the band to play a festival in Miami.We ended up in a caravan to  Florida as they hated non whites about as much as they hated long haired  yankees back then. We saw the best at the festival and I'm glad to see  another baby boomer still kicking serious a.. ! Forget the self centered  critics , this is Carlos Santana at his best.I rate this up their with his  earlier works. Carlos you definitely talk with angels with your music.Keep  on rocking!
6303954030|5.0|I don't understand why people expect this film to be historically accurate.  It was said again and again in all of the offical releases about it that it was based on the LEGEND of Pocahontas.  Besides, it could never  be historically accurate because historians disagree on the actual events.  Does all this mean that we should be deprived of experiencing a marvolous  film based on those events?  I think not.  This film is Disney's first  serious attempt at growing up and presenting deeper, more realistic  emotions into it's films.  It was a courageous step taken in the most  beautiful way.  The songs are wonderful, moving and you're sure to be  singing them long after the film has ended.  My girpes with the film are it  should have been longer, even more adult and If I Never Knew You should  never have been cut.  But these quibbles are just that, taken as what it is  Pocahontas is an astonishing achievement, topped (posssibly) only by The  Hunchback of Notre Dame. Disney needs to grow to survive and this was an  excellent frist step.  Do not let the naysayyers stop you from enjoying the  greatest love story ever animated.  Enjoy!
B00000JPH5|5.0|Well, this was the movie that introduced me to David Bowie...and now I have a very large collection of his CDs and mp3s. My roommate has it on DVD and we watch it on her computer at least once a week. Jennifer Connelly is  an amazing actress, and of course, David Bowie is Mr. Sexy himself. (Mmm,  tights...)<br />The only thing that could have improved this movie is if  Jareth had said, &quot;You know, Sarah, it's not about the baby.&quot; The  whole sexual tension theme is running throughout the movie, though, and  it's easy to pick out. It would have been nice, however, to at least  mention it once.
0064400557|5.0|Charlotte's Web is full of dynamic characters that really come to life in a child's imagination.  From experience, I can say that it is a favorite among elementary children.  This book can be used in a variety of ways in  the classroom, from teaching children about friendship to using it as a  helpful source to teach a unit on farm animals. It should be available to  children in every classroom.
B00000064G|5.0|I admit that I had not heard of Nick Drake before VW used &quot;Pink Moon&quot; on their lastest commercial. The song moved me so much when I saw the commercial I was driven to find out who the artist was. This album  is nothing short of fantastic. My only complaint is the short length. If  you are a fan of &quot;Red House Painters&quot; then you will love Nick  Drake's music also. I was amazed to discover that the album was released in  1972. My next purchase will be his box set. His music takes you to another  world.
0780622553|5.0|This film will surprise you with its genius.  This is simply one of the best films ever made.  The more you watch it, the more you'll appreciate the detail put into every scene.  Everything about this movie is great -  the style, cinematography, acting, plot, script - everything.  The DVD is  especially good, with the special feature of Roger Ebert's commentary  track.  This alone is worth the price of the DVD!
B000002U82|5.0|There is simply no way that I know of to put into words how incredible this album is.  I truly believe that it is the greatest music that has ever been composed.  It is as deep as anything written by Sartre, as beautiful  as anything composed by Mozart, and as timeless as human existence.  Pink  Floyd has tapped into truth itself.  It has changed the way that I  appreciate every work of art.  It has changed the way that I view my life...  and that which comes after.  Listening to this album, I feel like I'm on a  different plane of consciousness.  As far as I'm concerned, there is no  comparison.  The cloud has burst thunder in my ear.
6302579449|5.0|Any time I feel down or just want to laugh I watch this movie. In fact my husband won't watch it any more. We have many of Goldie Hawn's movies. I have never seen a bad one. Steve Martin and Goldie are perfect together. So  if you like to laugh get this movie. Also The out of towners is such fun. I  have seen it 3 times.
B000002KM6|5.0|Do yourself a favor if you are a fan of classic van halen and buy this CD. I watched a video of them performing &quot;unchained&quot; in front of thousands and had goosebumps go up my spine! It is by far the best song of  Van Halen's. &quot;hear about it later&quot; and &quot;dirty movies&quot;  are also great songs that sound somewhat similar but show van halen's  greatness in their own unique way. Definately a must have!
B000002H2H|5.0|I have trouble deciding between this and Master of Puppets as their best album but hell, who cares really! Both of them are friggin' awesome as bloody hell! Get em' now and learn how metal is made!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Your the real deal, a true artist. I loved &quot;Tidal&quot; and nervously waited for the follow up, hoping that you wouldn't react to the success of &quot;Tidal&quot; by going way off to the left, into obscurity. But you  didn't, you made a truly fabulous album. There's nothing else around like  it...an excellent production by John Brion. Love the arrangements and  instrumentation.
B000002UYZ|4.0|&quot;This is one of the first, of many of The Beatle CD's I bought &amp; loved!&quot;. It's a great 2-CD set for anyone who wants to hear the finest of their earlier hits. With such early electrified songs as - 'She Loves  You', 'I Want To Hold Your Hand', 'I Feel Fine' &amp; 'Paperback Writer',  to the acoustic guitar ballads of 'And I Love Her', 'Yesterday' &amp;  'Michelle'...And all on 2-CDs, packed with even more hits...you just can't  go wrong! I gave it a 4 -star rating because there's so many other great  Beatle CD's you can buy. And trust me, after listen to this one...you'll be  hungry for more!
0451191153|5.0|I loved it!  I have read it 11 times . Roark is my idol but my individuality is intact, thanks to ms Rand. Once in a millenium book. Do not miss it!
B00002R0MC|5.0|I remember when this collection came out in 1992. I went and bought it as a Christmas present for my ex-husband.  I knew that was a mistake at the time, but nows my second chance and I won't miss out on this one.  You  really get to see how Bob M's music progressed over time, besides listening  to fabulous songs and rhythm and the true artistry with which he portrayed  a strong message. A must for any reggae collection from the king.
B000000WJZ|5.0|I 1st heard about the Pumpkins from a friend online who recommeneded I get Siamese Dream. The moment I listened to Disarm, I was instantly hooked. This CD is DEFINETLY worthy of your money. GeekUSA has got to be one of the  best pumpkins song ever. The drummer of this band gives the smashing  pumpkins a trademark sound found no where else. Cherub Rock is a fun song  that I listen to a lot as well. I recommend this CD to every music fan out  there. The Smashing Pumpkins are difficult to describe. If you hear their  songs you can easily look the other way. But, if you LISTEN, then their  music  really comes alive. Billy Corgan has a way of producing songs that  express human emotions. Love, desperation, fun, etc. all come alive, but  only if you really listen. Get this CD and you will not be disappointed.
B000000OQF|4.0|Take the attitude of punk, add the bigger sound of metal, then sprinkle with the demonic magic that possessed the Stones at their best: you've got Guns 'n Roses. This is one of the greatest rock albums ever released. It's  worth buying just for the stunning opener, &quot;Welcome to the  Jungle&quot;. There's lots more, however, to discover here; thirteen years  later, I still don't think we have a rock group to compare to them. You  will not be disappointed.
B00000HZFH|5.0|I have always read articles about Idaho's Built to Spill, with references to them as &quot;punk.&quot; Of course, I never listened to their music; I just dismissed them as another modern &quot;punk&quot; band (i.e.: Green  Day). Then I turned on Conan O'Brien one night and saw Doug Martsch put me  to shame. <br />BtS is probably one of the best keep secrets out their (no pun  intended). When I saw Doug on TV ripping away to &quot;You Were  Right,&quot; I bought the CD the next day. Every track is a little gem. I  find it much more refreshing than *gasp* Perfect From Now On, and probably  in the same league as There's Nothing Wrong With Love. I'm still speechless  many months later.<br />Doug is a master of the overdub. Being the sole  guitarist, he overlayers guitar part after guitar part. While this usually  sounds like calamity, it beautifully weaves together. From the ending  freak-out session on &quot;Time Trap,&quot; to the not-stop assault on  &quot;You Were Right,&quot; from the beautifully simple solo on &quot;Carry  the Zero&quot; to infectious riff on &quot;Center of the Universe,&quot;  every guitar part, every note, is a work of art. Doug IS a guitar god,  though no where near as show-offish as, perhaps, Jimmy Page or Steve Vai.  Okay, enough rambling....get off your couch, put the Kid Rock CD down, and  buy this. You won't regret it. <br />And if you do, you know squat about  music.<br />PS...My only regret with this album is Brett Nelson's bass  playing. It was unbelievable on TNWWL...while still excellent here, it  lacks the freestyling from previous albums.
B0000025KI|3.0|it's still trailer-white fun with Bruce. This is actually one of his 3 best, the other 2 being darkness and born to...I don't care if he's top five on his way to one, he farted with the best of 'em 3 stars. but check  out this man is mine, released in the same year by heart: AOR power ballads  by Bruce = A.C by h symbol, amen.
0345350499|5.0|Bradley undertook a huge project when she decided to re-write the Arthurian legend.  It is obvious she did some research into the lore of Britain, as well as the history of this legend.  I had been meaning to read  this book for years when I finally picked it up and I have not regretted  doing so for one second.  The book is all-consuming.  It takes hold of the  imagination like few books do these days.  I was completely captivated for  two weeks of my life.  Morgaine of the Faeries is my hero!  The story is  deeply moving and the characters are well developed.  I like Bradley's  pro-feminine twist on the tradionally treacherous females entwined in this  legend and I was extremely impressed with the resolution of this well-known  tragedy.  It is a well-rounded and well-written tale. This is now one of my  top 10 books ever list!
039480497X|5.0|When I went to see the movie You've Got Mail with my husband, I was surprised and delighted to see the number of references made to the works of Roald Dahl (including Fantastic Mr. Fox prominently displayed in the Fox  bookstore).  Dahl is not as well known an author as he should be.  Most  people know his James and the Giant Peach and Charlie and the Chocolate  Factory, a few know about The BFG, but Dahl deserves better.  This is the  author to move kids on to when they graduate from Dr. Suess.  His books are  imaginative and full of adventure, but beyond that, Dahl has a way of using  language that is, to use one of his favorite words, fantastic.  A gem, a  treasure, a must-read!
6302787297|5.0|Ridley Scott is good at creating nice looking films, this is by far his best one yet. Eventhough the film rewrites history a little, it's a great epic that is full of historical accuracys. Gerard Depardieu, who plays  Columbus, is amazing in this film, he really seems to be Columbus. Not to  many actors can pull this one off, creating a realistic portrayal of a  historical figure, it's not an easy task. Other noteworthy performances,  Michael Wincott plays Adrian De Moxica, who 's Columbus's nemesis in the  film. Wincott's role here, deserved a best supporting actor nomination.  Armand Assante plays Sanchez, the character seems to be all about power, a  14th century control freak, Assante's role was very good. All of the  performances are excellent in this film, except their dialouge is hard to  understand at times, because the film uses alot of spanish words and  phrases. It's by far Scott's best, and the best Columbus film ever made, it  will never be topped
B00001U0GQ|3.0|The film, in and of itself, is great sweeping cinema - one of my favorites. The DVD audio is wonderfully rich and aggressive. The visual transfer, however, is, to say the least, a mess. The dark colors are  surprisingly poor in many shots - quite distracting. It doesn't take a  bitrate meter to tell just how low the transfer rate was in many scenes.
630416923X|5.0|The Beatles Anthology is a great video set documenting the lifeand times of the greatest band of this century.  There are 8 tapes,starting with the births of the fab four and ending with the 1970 breakup (and the &quot;Free As A Bird&quot; video as a poignant epilogue).  There are rare film clips included.  If you are new to the Beatles, then this set will provide a wonderful introduction to John, Paul, George and Ringo.  If you are an avid fan, then you know already that the set includes various anecdotes that shed new light on the Beatles.   <br /><br /> Here are some highlights: - the lovely montage at the beginning, with the apt &quot;In My Life&quot; as the song.  - the story about the burnt condom (Tape 1) - an early film of the Beatles singing the song &quot;Some Other Guy&quot; at the Cavern (Tape 1) - a funny juxtaposition of three versions of the song &quot;How Do You Do It&quot; (Tape 1) - juxtaposition of the Rolling Stones cover and the Beatles rendition of &quot;I Wanna Be Your Man&quot; (Tape 2) - Paul's story on &quot;Yesterday&quot; (Tape 4) - George's story about how he and John got introduced to LSD (Tape 5) - the &quot;amazing&quot; Japanese efficiency on the Beatles Japan tour (Tape 5) - the film of &quot;A Day In The Life&quot; (Tape 6) - George's way of saying that the Magical Mystery Tour album was &quot;Paul's idea.&quot; - Ringo's comments on Heinz beans (Tape 7) - Ringo's comments on the naked album cover (Tape 7) - the &quot;Hey Jude&quot; performance on the David Frost Show (Tape 8) - the hilarious yet brief appearance of Magic Alex (Tape 8) - John singing &quot;Don't Let Me Down&quot; on the rooftop concert (Tape 8) <br /><br />OK: some drawbacks to the anthology set that one should be made aware of: - it doesn't discuss at all the notorious &quot;butcher&quot; album cover - no mention of the impact of the song &quot;Helter Skelter&quot; on Charles Manson - George Martin, whose comments on the Beatles albums are always appreciated, is not shown commenting on &quot;Magical Mystery Tour.&quot; My guess is that he had little if any good things to say about it, and the filmmakers chose to omit his comments.  Still, if anyone has anything productive to say about the album, it would be him. - no mention of the failed Beatles film projects (i.e. the Lord of the Rings, or the Three Musketeers). - from about Tape 5, Brian Epstein pretty much disappears from the narrative.  It would have been nice to have some time discussing his reaction to the Beatles new wave of creativity starting at around 1965. - no mention of Stuart Sutcliffe after the Beatles leave Hamburg for the first time.  - the &quot;Free As a Bird&quot; video, while including shots of Brian Epstein and the Beatles, fails to include shots of Billy Preston and George Martin.  If they are in the video and I'm just not seeing them, please someone let me know! - no mention of the White album sessions involving Eric Clapton on &quot;While My Guitar Gently Weeps.&quot; - Tape 8 ends rather poorly in my opinion. <br /><br />The interviews are very vague when talking about Allen Klein or Paul's departure from the Beatles. - no use of the songs &quot;Here There And Everywhere&quot; or &quot;I Me Mine&quot; during any part of the anthology.  'Tis a shame; they're great songs. <br /><br />All that aside, the Beatles anthology with its highlights and drawbacks is on the whole a worthwhile investment, if not for the sheer craftsmanship of the filmmaking then for the quality of the Beatles themselves.  It is an incomplete anthology for the reasons already mentioned, but that does not diminish the joy of watching this great documentary whose treasures are valuable for any appreciator of good filmmaking, good music, and the Beatles.
1568953208|2.0|Regeneration on the whole is not what I would call a great book.  It touches quickly on some interesting issues but only deals and looks at them fleetingly.  As well, it keeps on trying to drive home cliched and over  done points such as &quot;war has a great cost to society&quot;.  It is  confusing to read as it switches constantly between characters without  giving you any idea that it has switched.  Much of the book leaves you  wondering what the point of any of it is.  There is no real plot, no real  thrust to any of it.  You don't really care too much for any of the  characters.  The whole thing left me rather cold.  If it was  more coherent  I would be much more pleased with it.  As well, the book annoyingly blurs  the line between fact and fiction, so you are left with the belief you have  read something based on fact, but it is hard to discern what is factual and  what is not.
6305627347|5.0|South Park the Movie is without a doubt an extremely hilarious movie. I've seen it about 10 times. It is not a movie for the weak of heart or a movie for Children. There are many adult themes including Satan and Saddam  Housein and then there is a lot of swearing. It should be called the  Musical of the 90's. What a great movie to bring in the new millenium. I  think it ROCKED! Can't wait to own it on video and DVD!
6304578482|5.0|Romy and Michele's High School Reunion is one of the best movies.  The acting is great, the comedy is great, and the movie is great overall.  It shows how cruel people can be and how things always come out even.  If you  haven't seen it go out to a movie rental and rent fast.
0451147960|3.0|so ugly review in the web page. no helpful and stop review this book for so stupid man. the book is good few people read it.
B00000IO4J|5.0|This movie is the best!  It is full of suspense and the plot is great! It is the perfect movie to watch with a couple of friends at 12:00 am!
630529142X|5.0|This movie is one of Adam Sandler's best and with Kathy Bates as his mom.  You've got to see this one.
0345350499|4.0|This is the first book I've read that concentrates on the Arthurian legends from the viewpoint of the women involved.  I found the perspectives of Morgaine as the priestess of the old Druid religion and Gwenhyfar as the  champion of the new Christian religion fascinating.  While neither is  presented as all good or all bad, I think Christianity comes out with  perhaps a worse name than it deserves.  Nevertheless the book was a  compelling page-turner and the attention to detail of the period was  excellent.  I look forward to reading more of Marion Zimmer Bradley's  works.
0688170528|5.0|This is the first book I've read by Jodi Picoult and all I can say is wow!  I literally couldn't put this down...someone had to take it out of my hands to get me to the dinner table.  It's been a long time since a book  has really made me feel som many emotions at once..pity, sorrow, anger..and  then happiness too (during the flashbacks of course).  I've already  recommended this book to family and friends.  If you want to escape and  become totally emersed in the world of someone else..this is the book for  you!
B00000064E|5.0|Nick Drake, it seems, was a gentle soul with a genuine gift who labored under a crippling depression before dying at an early age. The brevity of his career, his cult-like status, and the circumstances surrounding his  short, sad life could be seen as providing fertile ground for a lot of  romantic mythologizing. But really, all that's needed to tell the story of  Nick Drake is his music I guess.  I bought FIVE LEAVES LEFT never having  heard a note of Nick's music, intrigued by what I'd read. The first thing  that struck me was his voice. It has a hollow, whispery quality to it, but  with an underlying richness and loose, easy phrasing. The songs are gentle  and melancholy but never self-concious or cloying. The conviction of Nick's  delivery gives them an emotional weight, once you are drawn in by the  voice. The fact that he recorded it when he was only twenty years old is  remarkable.  &quot;Time Has Told Me&quot; has a very relaxed almost country  feel to it and is a fine love song born out of the pain of experience.  &quot;River Man&quot; is almost certainly the stand out of the entire  album. It weaves a hypnotic spell and although I'd be hard pressed to say  what it's ABOUT, I can say that like all great pieces of music it is an  event which makes you FEEL something, even if you're not sure what it is.  &quot;Cello Song&quot; and &quot;Three Hours&quot; have the strongest folk  flavor to them and feature some fine finger-style guitar work from the  singer. The strings on &quot;Way To Blue&quot;, &quot;Day Is Done&quot; and  others give the songs a strong melancholy feel which lightens up a little  towards the end of the collection. &quot;The Thoughts Of Mary Jane&quot; is  more wistful and &quot;Man In A Shed&quot; is a little on the jazzy side.  &quot;Fruit Tree&quot; seems particularly prescient, dealing as it does  with artists whose work bears fruit after their passing, echoed by the fact  that Nick Drake didn't sell a great many records while he was alive and his  music has gained it's reputation virtually by word of mouth. &quot;Saturday  Sun&quot; closes out the set with a gospely blues feel.  I'd have to say  that going by this one album, everything I read about Nick Drake is true. I  did find a strong emotional identification with Nick through the songs  which far from being merely the result of romantic idealization of a  tragic, dead figure, is actually the whole basis of a listeners  appreciation to his art. You really feel for the guy and some of the music  is emotionally pretty heavy, but he makes such beauty out of the pain and  never asks us to wallow in it, only appreciate it for what it is. I heard  Nick Drake's music described as a private little oasis you visit every so  often and that seems pretty apt. It also seems to be true that this music  IS addictive. I can hardly wait to hear the other three.ve and his  music has gained it's reputation virtually by word of mouth. &quot;Saturday  Sun&quot; closes out the set with a gospely blues feel.  I'd have to say  that going by this one album, everything I read about Nick Drake is true. I  did find a strong emotional identification with Nick through the songs  which far from being merely the result of romantic idealization of a  tragic, dead figure, is actually the whole basis of a listeners  appreciation to his art. You really feel for the guy and some of the music  is emotionally pretty heavy, but he makes such beauty out of the pain and  never asks us to wallow in it, only appreciate it for what it is. I heard  Nick Drake's music described as a private little oasis you visit every so  often and that seems pretty apt. It also seems to be true that this music  IS addictive. I can hardly wait to hear the other three.
B00000K19E|3.0|The best thing about this film is it's look; great effects and cinematography.  If that's all there was to this movie, however, I'd probably hate it, but the film has just barely enough of a story and decent  characters that watching this movie is better than bearable.  Those  cybernetic-octopus thingies made the film for me.
6302720419|5.0|I drop a mad load when I think of this movie. When I first saw it I was like 5, and it was not a pleasant movie to see at that age. Now that I think about it, it can be unpleasant at any age. Those kids are freaky.  That had that twisted-farm-kid-from-years-ago look down perfectly. I love  it and I hate it. Just don't watch it alone. This is a genuinely scary  movie. The diner scene, the scene where the kid who got hit on the road  comes alive, the ending, and everything else in between will drive you mad.  I don't know. It just really scares me. I'm 20 now and I still get bothered  when I hear the name Isaac. Hehehe. It's bad. Have fun.
630330608X|5.0|It inspired me to play the piano again.  Very  moving.  A master interpreting the work of a master. Seeing this video for the first time (and every other time) is &quot;an experience&quot;. I have 7 different  Gould videos and plan on getting more, but if you want just one to start  with, I would recommend this one.
B00000J7RZ|4.0|I really can't understand the reasons for the controversy about this title. Hey, she doesn't have such a great voice, but who cares? I bought this CD to have fun, and it really worths the money you pay for! Go ahead  Jennifer, and don't worry about the comments below. You have lots of real  fans!
0792842731|2.0|Save your money. Tomorrow Never Dies ranks up their with A View To A Kill.  First, someone please get Brosnan out of this role. He looks the part, but he has no personality.  Bring Connery out of retirement and give Bond a  pulse again. Plot goes as follows, Media Mogul Jonathan Pryce ( wasting his  time ) wants to start a war in the William Randolph Hearst tradition. blah,  blah, blah. Even Moonraker's plot was better than this travesty.  Stamper,  the evil henchman, is about as effective as Mayday. It was such a surprise  when the number 2 Bond girl died, actually, no, no it wasn't. If you are  going to copy the formulas of the good Bond films, at least copy a good one  like From Russia With Love. Honestly, nobody can call Live and Let Die  stupid until you see this entry in the series.
6305426651|5.0|To say that I loved this movie is not enough. I laughed and cried throughout this movie. The characters are so real. I wanted to help them while they were in the concentration camp. When the little boy thought that  it was a game and they won I cried for him and his daddy. They became a  part of me. I want nothing more than to have this movie in my video  collection.
0792842723|2.0|Goldeneye is a film which needed a few things. First, Sean Bean was a terrible bad guy. His villian is about as menacing as Herve Villachaize. Second, originality. The enemy base being hidden under water is a copy of  the base in You Only Live Twice. Third, a good Bond. Pierce Brosnan has the  personality of that mule in Winnie The Pooh. He makes Dalton look downright  cheerfull. One saving grace, Famke Jannsen, who makes the best henchman  since Jaws.  If you like Bond, watch real Bond movies. Watch From Russia  With Love and see what made this series great.  For the person who said  Pierce Brosnan was the best Bond, you must like the acting talents of  Jennifer Love Hewitt too.
6304504012|4.0|Antonio Banderas really has to go, he is not good as Che, the producers could have easily gotten Mandy Pantikin (sp?) back again.  He isn't really acting the part he's just singing.  You can tell that he is lip syncing the  songs!  Madonna on the other hand is a really good Eva she looks just like  her, and Jonathan Pryce is good as Juan Peron even thought I think his role  could have been bigger.  I don't like the way the movie changes the  character of Eva the movie portrays Eva as a goody goody but in the play  Eva is a prima donna and they should have left it that way
B00002Z88D|5.0|This set is a superb collection of music recorded live in Berkeley, CA on two consecutive nights. I had a front row seat on the first night, and I have to say that although the live show was great, it is really wonderful  to have the music on CD to listen to again and again. Bravo! An excellent  addition to any music library.
B000002HRE|5.0|I have Many Many Cd's just about one from every Artist Out there and this cd has got to be one of the best beacuse every song on it is allsome ,I really love Fuel , I played this song at a party I went to and all my  friends wanted to no who it was so I told them and now they all own the cd  also. So that there says alot.
B000023VR6|3.0|This album gets three starsfrom me because its Dre'sfollow-up to the first chronic album.  Please noteI said follow-up.  If thisalbum was put out by a newartist or produced by someonenew it would probally be  rated five stars  by everyone.So everyone should take a goodlisten to a fairly decent follow  up to a hip-hop classic, and realize that Dre is still at the top of his  game as far as prodution wise.Lyrically he is'nt good enough to spit versus  through a whole CD, he's not a great rapper  but an excellent producer.   Thats probally why he has so many guest on this CD, and I think its a great  way to introduce his new artists.  By the way,  what hip-hop producer thats  out right now can even come close? Timberland is the closest I can think  of.  But I'm sure there are many producer and artist that would love to  collaborate with Dre to this day.
0375751513|4.0|This book fits Wilde's description of a cigarette as a perfect pleasure - portable and brief, yet leaving you unsatisfied.  Like Dorian Gray himself, this book is superficially charming, with its numerous and clever epigrams,  but with some very ugly undercurrents, e.g. virulent anti-semitism,  misogyny, and homosexuality.  We never connect emotionally with Dorian  Gray, who never matures into a complex or interesting character, but  remains as some gay ideal with psychosis.  Read Henry James' &quot;Portrait  of a Lady&quot; or Edith Wharton's &quot;Age of Innocence&quot; for a far  better written, devastating attack on Victorian morals and hypocrisy.
6305627401|5.0|I never caught it in theaters and begrudingly watched the DVD and found it surprisingly, terribly funny.  The songs are brilliant!  Raunchy beyond belief and charming and witty.  See it... with your uncle!
0790733226|5.0|This is the greatest movie of the decade, it makes the people wonder, where do we come from?, and other interrrogants, that the director Robert Zemeckis captures with really great audiovisual and spiritual elements. The  performance of Jodie is simply stunning, and the history moves the viewer.  Incredible movie! .
0553277472|3.0|[This review is a composite of 21 student reviews after we completed reading the book in a freshman composition class]   The book starts out with a motorcycle journey--undertaken by the narrator and his son Chris--as  its focus, but it quickly turns into more of a mental journey, guiding  readers through the narrator's inner questions about and quest for  &quot;quality.&quot; While the plot is not physically exciting, it is  mentally complex and insightful.  It makes you think about simple things  you may take for granted and asks questions that everyone supposedly knows  the answer to but can not express in words.  In addition to the narrator's  personal, philosophical &quot;inquiry into values,&quot; the book explores  the relationships between the narrator and his son, between artistic and  scientific aspects of everyday situations, between sanity and insanity, and  between the motorcycle (as a machine) and us (as people).  Such concrete  examples can help readers, yet the book is often redundant, confusing, and  vague.  Patient readers may find Pirsig's views on quality, discovery,  truth, and life intriguing, but it is also easy to get lost in the many  details and tangents in the text and miss the main idea.  Some readers may  also resent Pirsig's sometimes overwhelming and overdetermined theories.   However, for those inclined to lengthy analysis and inquiry into our common  ways of seeing the world, this may be just the right book.
B000000IVW|5.0|apetite was a really great c d i loved the drum track and the energy that was introducedto  the rock scene via gnr paradise city was an excellent &quot;energy&quot;song it pumped my blood faster and made me want to run  around like a little kid the song&quot;sweet child o mine&quot;ws a very  good ballad for gnr as well as &quot;home sweet home&quot;was for motley  crue the lyrics just seem to roll into place and make you feel what axl and  the boys wanted us to feel during the gnr experience everything from mad to  sad and sappy and hyper i really like this c d .i think this c d and use  your illusion were very exciting experiences for me and im sure millions of  others who enjoy flesh  removingmusic and this will do it every time thank  for reading my opinion please contact me if you feel the same at  ricksrocket@webtv.net thank you and good bye   sincerly yours rikki
0061053430|5.0|Ever wondered how the smartgun looks from the inside? What are the M577 APC specs? And what the HELL does the Company really want? Find out by reading this brilliant extension to the `Aliens masterpiece. (If you're  into guns, you'll notice that the M41A Pulse-rifle is a mocked-up version  of the M1A1 Thompson, and the Smartgun is based on the german MG 42...) So,  you're wishes will be fulfilled, and much, much more! ;o
B000002L9B|2.0|There are few songs as wonderful as &quot;Kiss&quot; ... certainly none appear on the rest of Parade.  AnotherLoverHoleInYoHead comes close with a light Steely Dan approach, and New Position is rubber-band-snappingly good.  The rest just seems too nostalgic (Do U Lie?) or mellodramatic (Sometimes  It Snows in April).  Ain't much foreshadowing of the next album (Sign O  the Times), the best of his career!
B000023VR6|4.0|I like this album a lot but it's too slow at times.  I know that I shouldn't compare The Chronic to Chronic 2001 but I feel like something was missing.  I felt Eminem &amp; Snoop Dogg came off descent.  I've heard them  spit better.  Xzibit came pretty tight.  Kurupt has fallen off big time!   He curses every-other-word.  The Lord Finesse produced track is good but  it's not Dre.  Overall, Dre fans won't be disappointed but it's a slight  let down.
B000002KMV|4.0|... in which Prince turns from tuneful artist to major envelope-pusher.  Here's where he starts mixing God and sex (Controversy) politics and dance (Ronnie Talk to Russia) and funk and heavy metal.  The experiments here  don't always work, but when they do (like in Private Joy) they defy  categorization.  More danceable than Purple Rain, this is a hint of major  things to come.
0684867621|4.0|Stephen King, through the mind of a young girl, gives a graphic picture of the terror one might feel alone and lost in the woods.  I would think that anyone who enjoyed The Blair Witch Project would find this book appealing,  because it fleshes out the feelings and emotions that were only hinted at  in that movie.  If your idea of a great Stephen King book is The  Regulators, then you will probably want to pass on this one, but if you  enjoyed his more thoughtful works, such as the recent Bag of Bones, The  Stand, etc. then this should be a good read for you.  I will admit, I was  starting to worry that maybe my favorite author had lost some of his touch,  but my faith has been restored.  The things that scare us most are the  things we create in our own minds, and The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon  chillingly exemplifies that.
B000002L68|5.0|Lest you think Prince didn't have any emotions, this album is a gut-wrenching revelation.  Many of the songs deal with love's agony (When Doves Cry) or ecstasy (I Would Die 4 You), and do so in less funky, more  rock-and-roll tones.  Rolling Stone once called this a Hendrix album, which  it almost is.  He would try this approach again on The Gold Experience, but  it's much more successful here.
B000002N2P|4.0|WATZ UP PEOPLE?IF YOU ARE A TRUE DEDICATED GREEN DAY FAN, BUY INSOMNIAC. IT MAY NOT BE AS GOOD AS DOOKIE BUT NO1 GIVES A F%\k. THE BEST SONGS ON THIS ALBUM ARE 'PANIC SONG'(TRE COOL AND MIKE DIRNT ROCK THIS SONG WITH A  MAD DRUM TECHNIQUE AND A RAPID BASS.) 'STUCK WITH ME'(YOU GOTTA HEAR THIS  TUNE FOR YOURSELF), WESTBOUND SIGN AND STUART AND THE AVE.I BET YOU NEVER  THOUGHT A LETTER LIKE THIS WOULD COME FROM THE IRISH BUT WE ARE STILL MAD  ABOUT GREEN DAY EVEN THOUGH WE HAV'NT HEARD MUCH FROM THEM.THIS ALBUM IS  NOT A FAILURE.IT'S SOMETHING DIFFERENT.THE GUITARS ARE HEAVY,THE DRUMS  (ESPECIALLY FILL INS) ROCK AND THE LYRICS ARE SOPHISTICATED IN THE SONG  'JADED' AND FIENDISH IN THE SONG BRAT.IF YOU HAVE ANY BRAIN AT ALL.....THEN  BUY THIS ALBUM. IT ROX
B000002KLP|3.0|The trouble with minimalism is you gotta know what to keep.  Iwould've ditched the thin, high organ of 'When You Were Mine'... except there would be no instruments left!  Maybe it isn't fair to judge an artist relative to the lofty heights they achieve later.  But the oral sex in 'Head' which shocked in 1980 sounds quaint today. I've listened to this album a thousand times and, other than Party Up it seems like 1999's strange little brother.  END
6305627401|5.0|Don't let the words 'explicit' or 'Exclaimer' color your judgement of this movie. The only shock comes when you realise that this is not merely a longer version of a standard episode sans bleep track. This is a well made  and carefully crafted piece of animation cinema. Sure, its badly drawn and  has a greater rate of swearing than any other main stream picture, but take  a while to sit down and acutally watch it. The biggest shock is not the  language or the subject matter but the fact that it is not as purile,  either in subject matter or execution. This is not a cheap gimmick to sell  more Kenny Dolls. This is a real movie event. <br />Believe it or not I was  present at a screening where people were crying at the end of the picture  and gave it a standing ovation.<br />It's definitely not for the family, but  if you are reasonably intelligent 'adult' then I think you'll be pleasently  surprised by what you get for bucks.<br />A round of applause to Trey Parker,  a unfairly judged genius if ever there was one.
B00002Z88D|4.0|Whenever an artist does a collaboration with an orchestra there will always be a few people that will hate it.  Many Metallica fans have been lost over the years because the band have gone &quot;commercial&quot;but  they have also gained new fans because of this.  To listen to this album  makes me wish I could have seen the concert but I have spoken to people who  don't like it and they say this by listening to it through a small stereo!    My only criticism is that sections where the bassier instruments could  have been used to effect weren't and made me think it could have been done  better all round.  Do yourself a favour take this album to the friend's  house who has the big Hifi so at least you get an idea of the sound at the  concert in the end you'll either love it or hate it. Don't sweep this album  under the rug as it is a good idea for a concert... and is absolutely  NOTHING like a tribute album played on four Cellos!
0767830520|5.0|&quot;Mean Streets&quot; put Martin Scorsese on the map, but he carved a place for himself in the annals of film history with this disturbing tale of &quot;God's lonely man.&quot; What's most disturbing about Travis Bickle  is the way that we almost understand his actions in this film: he's so  lonely and isolated that he's locked away from the rest of the world,  letting his obsessions drive him to the boiling point. Scorsese's film  style is remarkable and utterly hypnotic: there are scenes in this film I  find my self watching over and over again, as the soft voices, silence, and  tension lock my eyes to the screen and put me into a trance. The scene  where Travis puts his weapons together, in particular, is so magnetic that  it simply grabs you and will not let you go.
B00000FZ1V|5.0|This is by far the greatest movie ever made.  I have seen this movie hundreds of times and it gets funnier every time I see it.  The dvd version is great because it shows you the letterboxed version  which is the only  one you should see.  The pan scan version cuts out to many great scenes.  (Ray)&quot;Everything was fine until d...less here shut off the power  grid.&quot; (The Mayor)&quot;Is this true?&quot; (Peter)&quot;Yes this man  has no d...!&quot;
1559408898|4.0|Paul Verhoeven came to Hollywood after making &quot;The Fourth Man,&quot; and Hollywood promptly devoured him (look at &quot;Showgirls&quot; and &quot;Starship Troopers&quot;), but his first Hollywood film is so  subversive that I consider it the ultimate SubGenius movie of the 1980s.  Not only is &quot;Robocop&quot; a terrific action movie, it's also a wicked  satire on the way a typical worker is caged in and controlled by the  Conspiracy! Consider: Robocop has been created and programmed to do one  thing only, namely the job assigned to him. As long as he does that job  without thinking (and with commands and instructions constantly flashed to  him through video screens - even his mind is turned into a video screen!)  and sits in his cage without complaining, he is praised by his superiors.  But as soon as he begins to dream and look for a life outside of his job,  he is considered a rebel and an outcast, and THEY do everything possible to  destroy him -- just like what happens to YOU in real life! Compare  Robocop's plight to your own, and you'll see that this is a movie that not  only bites the corporate hand that feeds it, it blows it off with a  cinematic shotgun.
0451197968|5.0|Excellent little book , sure its not going to be considered a literary masterpiece but who cares?  (do you want to read war and peace?) Its precise and to the point and it doesnt draaag on like some of his other  novels. Stop reading these reviews and go buy the damn thing!
B00003003R|5.0|As a LIVE CD or as a greatest hit package, Liv Era is great.<br />Axl Rose ranks up there with the legends - dead or alive - Morrison, Jagger, Bono, Cobain, Joplin and so forth. Seriously.<br />And only one song is missing.  Civil War.<br />Other than that : sound is brilliant, live-feel is genuine and  the obvious touch-up (cleaned) is well engineered.<br />Compared to  say..Stones` Flashpoint? Live Era is light years better.<br />This could be a  classic. This could be.<br />Time will tell.<br />For all the Korn, Manson,  Bizkit and Rage Against Machine fans out there : People, this is how  lived-in music SHOULD sound ! <br />Pick it up. Its a piece of (important)  musical history.<br />Yowsa!
B000002BBY|5.0|Best album for a very long time, and the best there ever will be. Every track is a classic and I'm not much of a die hard Oasis fan- MUCH! <br />                        Channa
B000021XS0|5.0|Dream Theater has (if possible) simply outdone itself with this CD. For anyone not familiar with the band- virtuosity would be the understatement of the year. The talent unleashed in Scenes From a Memory is spellbinding  from the beginning to the very end.  The disc takes you on a journey into a  mystery novel with tremendous dynamic music accompanied by brilliant  lyrics. It would only be unfair to single out a personal favorite song from  the CD as I've not stopped playing it.    This is a must have for anyone  who cares what is vibrating their tympanic membrane.
B000021XS0|5.0|Dream Theater has (if possible) simply outdone itself with this CD. For anyone not familiar with the band- virtuosity would be the understatement of the year. The talent unleashed in Scenes From a Memory is spellbinding  from the beginning to the very end.  The disc takes you on a journey into a  mystery novel with tremendous dynamic music accompanied by brilliant  lyrics. It would only be unfair to single out a personal favorite song from  the CD as I've not stopped playing it.    This is a must have for anyone  who cares what is vibrating their tympanic membrane.
0688158129|5.0|I am only halfway through the book, but since last night I have not been able to put it down.  What an amazing and creative way to bring this story to life.  Not only do I love the story, I love Jodi's style.  WONDERFUL  READ.
B000001DYY|4.0|This is the first album done since Roland Orzabal's break-up with Curt Smith, however retaining the Tears for Fears name and Roland being the sole member of the band. After listening to this wonderful album, I see really  who the driving force behind Tears for Fears really is and that there was  no need to keep Curt Smith, eventhough he held his own very well during his  years with Roland. Roland Orzabal proves in this album who the real leader  of this band was all these years. I particularly liked the following songs:  Cold, Fish out of water, and Goodnight song, perhaps some of the best songs  made in 1993. The hit song, Break it down again is cool, but not as good as  those others mentioned and with respect to the rest of the songs they are  quite good. Hey I was about to give five stars, but Mr Pessimist and Dog's  a Best Friend's Dog reforced me to go down a notch. Still an enthusiasic  thumbs up here.
6305127689|1.0|No lower than this as far as I can see.  This film is a very very sad state of affairs, aimed at those too stupid to realise they are watching a gay love story. So bad.
B00000K3G8|2.0|I have been running around since the original release of the VHS tape with the exact words to that version of &quot;Psycho Killer&quot; running through my head, and even repeated listenings to the other versions won't  budge them.<br />&quot;I passed out hours ago / I'm sadder than you'll ever  know. / I close my eyes on this sunny day. / Say something once why say it  again?&quot;<br />And until a CD version of the soundtrack comes out with  THOSE LYRICS (From the VHS track), I will be continually disappointed in  the blatant commercialism of the remnants of the group and the studio for  pushing this kind of reconstructionalist crud on us. We deserve better. We  deserve the REAL tracks from the movie.
B000001EAQ|4.0|God, why does everyone keep talking about the Joshua Tree? U2 is the greatest band in the world, but I NEVER listen to the Joshua Tree b/c just about every other album they've done is better. If JT is the highlight of  your U2 listening career then go back to the rest of your top 40 CDs and  leave us alone.<br />Also, why does everyone keep saying Bono lost his voice?  No, he just learned to USE his voice instead of earnestly belting out every  song at the top of his lungs. IT'S ON PURPOSE, FOLKS!<br />Okay, POP is not as  good as Zooropa, which was one of the most brilliant albums ever, but it's  still darn good. And the reviewer who outlined its whole apocalypse theme  is right on--of course almost every U2 album ends with Bono pleading for  Jesus to come save us lost souls (and he's the most lost of all).<br />So quit  whining about when they are going to go back to their safe guitar rock. POP  is the one that rocks.
B00000IGGA|5.0|And nothing after it changed my mind. Mixing his old blues sounds with the Bone Machine's screeches of constructed death, Tom Waits has captured the essence of agony all over again.<br />Particularly disturbing to me was the  track &quot;What is he building in there? What the hell is he  building?&quot; ... a take (to me) on the lonliness that festers deep in  the souls of those disturbed enough to throw bombs ... or murder children  ... I had to stop what I was doing to sit there and whimper.<br />I purchased  this the same night I purchased the new A.O.N. CD, and both are my new  favorite albums. Take that as you will.
B000001FS6|4.0|I have listened to album more than any other U2 album. God Part II and the live version of Bullet the Blue Sky are two of the best songs they have ever done.<br />I don't see where the &quot;egotism&quot; thing that the  critics railed about comes through. To me this album simply shows their  love for American rock and roll culture, which is also amply documented on  The Unforgettable Fire and other albums.<br />The thing that pisses me off  though is that U2 seems to have bought into what the critics say! Stand up  for yourselves, guys! Tell the critics to stick it...well, you know.
B00002Z88D|5.0|The sound on these CDs is HUGE.  Four psychos with heavy distortion and full-on amplification being backed and augmented by a full orchestra--it's absolutely massive.  The density of sound alone should be enough to at  least thrill most metal fans.  And for more exacting listners, this  recording offers a range of sensations, ranging from amusement to awe.  The  interplay between the four psychos with heavy distortion and full-on  amplification and the hundred or so tux-and-tails musicians of the  orchestra is almost unbelivible. Michael Kamen is one hell of a good  conductor to be able to follow Metallica's thrashing madness of sound--I  can honestly say that I've never heard a full orchestra jam before.  This  is worth buying just to listen to it, thinking of Hetfield stalking around  yelling &quot;HELL-YEAH! &quot; into the face of some well-groomed fellow  with a violin--and the violinist yelling it right back.
0441172717|5.0|If you are at all a fan of science fiction, you owe it to yourself to read this book.  Frank Herbert is a Genius, and the entire Dune series is incredible, but the first book, dune, stands out because it can be enjoyed  by anyone for it's sheer drive and originality.  A deffinite page turner,  everyone should read it at least once.
B000002U82|5.0|The CD would be worth buying if it was $50, which is more than I would say for most boxed sets.  Dark Side of the Moon is one of the greatest pieces of music ever recorded.  From the opening heartbeats--to the closing  heartbeats.  Slide guitar, Lunatic laughter, jazzy saxaphone, rhythmic cash  registers, Clare Torry, &quot;I don't know...I was really drunk at the  time....&quot;  Perfect!  If you like concept albums you should have bought  this years ago.  If you like Rock and Roll, you should have bought this  years ago.  If you like psychadelics drugs (call me, I'm running out) you  should have bought this years ago.  If you are a living, breathing entity,  you should have bought this years ago.  If you are dead--well, STUPID YOU  for not buying this years ago!  Do your inner madman a favor, buy this CD,  and buy it now.
0783226063|4.0|This Movei Really Grabbed me, especially after I had read the book, I was impressed at how close to the book the movie stayed, not perfect, but it wasn't mutilated as so many books are.  I have been told that there is a 4  hour long version that fills in the hole where &quot;Paul and Chani's love  grew&quot;. Is this true?  If you know anything about it, please E-mail me.  And if you haven't read the book yet, do.   Now.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix was a splended example of what computer technology can do to enhance our viewing and entertaining capabilities. When you watch this movie, you must use an open mind. Keanu Reeves is excellent as always.  Great movie!
B0000011MH|5.0|This is an inspired live album, with some of the most memorable guitar soloing in recorded rock history from John Cippolina.  He plays with magical zeal and feeling.  The songs may be long but when Cippolina solos I  could listen all day.  It's quite amazing that this album did not lead to  his routine mention in the litany of rock guitar greats--he deserves to be  there.
0671722905|1.0|ok, whats with shakespeare?  the story is impossible to understand!  CLIFF NOTES ARE MY SAVIOR!
B0000027DJ|5.0|...as it contains at least five rock-classics (&quot;Love's a loaded gun&quot;, &quot;Die for you&quot;, &quot;Feed my Frankenstein&quot;, &quot;Might as well be on Mars&quot; and the faboulus &quot;Burning our  bed&quot;) and still's got room for some real great, rockin' songs! This is  Alice at his best, if you ask me, and the guitar-playing by guitar-heroes  like Slash makes this a must-have for every true fan of rock. Try it!
B000002BBY|4.0|I didn't particularly want to like this record but I think it's one of the finest pop records I've heard in years.  Liam Gallagher may make you want to slap his arrogant face but he's never boring and I love his singing  throughout the album, particularly on such tracks as &quot;Cast No  Shadow&quot;.  And Noel proves that he's a damn good songwriter, too, even  though he's as derivative of artists he admires as any composer in rock  history.  Is that so bad, though?  At least he picked great role models.
B00001OH7P|5.0|If &quot;Ziggy&quot; were Bowie's only release, his place in Rock's pantheon would still be assured. This album pretty much established Bowie as major artist in the U.S. Just a couple of observations; this album is  unusually &quot;Beatle-esque&quot;. Note the layered/textured harmonies,  the insistent lead guitar (Mick Ronson's guitar style lends itself  beautifully to this material), the almost omni-present acoustic rhythm  guitar, and last but not least, the uncanny resemblance of &quot;Five  years&quot; to John Lennon's &quot;The dream is over&quot; (Lennon and  Bowie apparently were close friends - John is featured on  &quot;Fame&quot;).  I personally enjoy the many moods of this album;  brooding - &quot;Five Years&quot;, whimsy -  &quot;Starman&quot;/&quot;Moonage Daydream&quot;, defiance -  &quot;Suffragette City&quot;, urgency - &quot;Hang on to yourself&quot;,  this track being perhaps the least appreciated and most musically inventive  of the CD, again beatle-esque, especially the chorus. Bowie's facility with  melody still astonishes me after 25 years.  If you need somewhere to start  with Bowie, this has to be the place.
B000031XCR|5.0|Ok so I've heard the CD many many times and stil continue to listen t it everyday. Of course more of her hits would have been appreciated but I love the new songs that were added to this album. &quot;All The Way&quot; with  frank Sinatra is totally tear jerking, and &quot;If These Walls Could  Talk&quot; is very peronal with beautful voice. But my fave on the CD has  to be &quot;Then You Look At me&quot;. Anyone who thinks her voice is just  &quot;screaming&quot; has to not no anything about voices or music. Can't  wait till she returns in a few years with more songs.....
0684843749|5.0|After searching for a long time in bookstores for a book that I could use as a guide for my exercises I had almost given up all hope of finding anything that had something I hadnt know before. Then I found this book  and it has everything one needs to know about bodybuilding
B00002MZ2C|5.0|Rage Against The Machine is more than just a hard-rockin' political band.  Oh wait...they're not.   Rage, with this album, has taken the power and the head-bangingness of hits like &quot;Bulls On Parade&quot;, People of the  Sun&quot;, and &quot;Killing In The Name&quot;, and made an entire album of  it.  This is easily the best of their albums, because it doesn't just have  one or two good songs.  It's a wicked solid album, filled with talent.  &quot;Testify&quot; and &quot;Guerrilla Radio&quot;, along with &quot;Sleep  Now In The Fire&quot; provide The Battle Of Los Angeles with fast-paced  beat, and rock.  Other songs, such as &quot;Born Of A Broken Man&quot; and  &quot;Calm Like A Bomb&quot; are songs so intense, and hard, that they'll  overwhelm you.   Rage has really struck gold with this album, and I hope  this trend of making &quot;good&quot; music catches on with some of today's  other music artists.<br />(If you get a chance to see Rage live, do it.  It  was the best time of my life)
B000002C1X|5.0|Floyd Rules!  I love this CD.  With Dark side of the wall part 2, comfortably numb, and many other awesome songs, and excellent performance, this is the must-have cd for any Pink Floyd freak like myself.
B00001PE4D|5.0|This movie is awesome, it's so true it gives you an idea about what's out there but I wouldn't suggest it to small children.
0425170349|5.0|This was on of the best Clancy novels I've read. This book starts out exciting and doesn't stop.  I've read all of his books and I've yet to read one with this much action.  You WILL enjoy this book if action is your  thing
B00000K19E|1.0|My low expectations for this film were not disappointed. It takes what could have been a truly compelling idea and predictably suffocates it in mediocre acting, ludicrous shootouts, and special effects overkill. As in  so many other movies of its kind, thoughtful intelligence takes a back seat  to theatrics and mass audience mentality-this is just so many empty visual  calories. &quot;Blade Runner&quot;, after all these years, still rules.
B000002U82|5.0|To the last reviewer from Houston: Pink Floyd was and is a LIVE band. They were performing the tracks from Speak To Me - Eclipse during 1972 BEFORE DSOTM was released in March 6, 1973. That shows you're total ignorance of  Pink Floyd &amp; this album.<br />As far as the album is concerned it is sheer  genius, straight from the original album cover to the meaningful lyrics,  sound effects, great guitar solos, great keyboard playing, great vocals and  a message to the world. What more could you ask for? This is not to be  compared with pop music or even rock or psycedelyic. This kind of  music/lyrics trascends the whole genre into classical music.<br />Also  recommend: Wish You Were Here, The Wall, Animals, Piper at the gates of  dawn, atom heart mother, basically all of Pink Floyd!
B000002HPV|5.0|Bjork shines again on Homogenic. This album is much more dark than her previous ones, with a lot of classical strings mixed with techno and electronica. The songs are very lush and orchestral sounding, taking you on  a musical journey. Particularly good are Hunter, Joga, Bachelorette, and  Alarm Call.
0812589041|3.0|Ender's Game is a highly compelling if slightly adolescent page-turner which, in addition to an entertaining plot, has a few excellent and truly original concepts. In some ways, Ender is a kind of teenage Howard Roark  (see Ayn Rand's &quot;The Fountainhead&quot;), but is several degrees more  entertaining, several steps back from the abstract abyss, and at times,  however, even less psychologically plausible. One of the most interesting  concepts, and a profound thought experiment for the development of identity  in the digital age, is a pair of teens who become influential world leaders  despite the fact that their personae exist only on Card's nascent vision of  the net, as pseudonymous personae hiding the fact that their alter egos  actually are just emerging from puberty. Well worth it, but do not give in  to the temptation you may feel to read the sequels, which are almost  unrecognizably different in style, pace, and artificial depth.
B000002HH2|5.0|Post is probably my favorite Bjork album. Every song has an energy that makes it stand out. You certainly couldn't categorize this album because it does not fit in any genre. Take a special listen to Hyperballad, Isobel,  and my personal favorite Enjoy, which is one of the most sexiest, and  raunchiest songs ever, full of RAW emotion.
B00001ZWTS|2.0|I just couldn't get used to Will Smith as a cowboy.  The whole thing just didn't seem genuine, therefore disconnecting you with the characters.  Only a couple kewl parts, like when the man hiding in the portrait comes to life  and tries to shoot West.  Other than that, yawnfest U.S.A.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Featuring songs with many new artists, Santana has delivered a great album that is sure to be a top seller.  If you think the album is good, check out the concert.  Santana is on tour!
B000006MS3|4.0|In the workings of this albulm, Bush forces the audience to digest her craft with haunted phrases and melodies steming from the subconscience of humanity. Exclaimation, dread, and psycotic joyfulness are the emotions  through which charaters are drawn in the record. Simple tunes become  strangly complicated when layer upon layer of percusion and vocal lines  augment the sound which in turn, tie in even newer musical themes. This  results in the constant recreation of framed ideals, a standard in her  later work. Paramount enginering brings the peices in and serves as a  morter for the songs. The songs themselves ring clearly as individual  wholes beloning to a greater work. Each one conjures the personality of  another time and the circumstances involved. Basicly, each song is a  representaion of a person or character. This is the master-touch! Falling  through this album is like meeting a line of people, each with a peculiar  drama. It sings with a theatrical flow which pales all the other canned  music released in the era of this record's production. Its likes have only  been remastered by the incomperable Tori Amos. I recomend &quot;the  Dreaming&quot; to anyone wishing to float over the habbit hearing and in to  the practice of listening.
0807281751|5.0|I purchased this audio edition to listen to while knitting, after seeing interviews with J.K. Rowling on TV. I have not been disappointed - the story is fun, interesting, and imaginitive... not to mention very  entertaining, even for adults! In the tradition of C.S. Lewis or Madeleine  L'Engle's imaginary realms... although this Harry Potter book (and, I  assume, the others) don't have a religious message, ethics such as sticking  up for your friends in need, trying things even when you're afraid, dealing  with loneliness, and other universal issues are covered. Wonderful fun!
B000020617|5.0|This is an awesome album! Learn To Fly is an awesome song. I would reccomend this CD to anyone. I love it.
0486408434|5.0|Royal Road to Card Magic is a reprint of a classic card conjuring text. The great thing about this book is the ingenious way Hugard and Braue teach you a card sleight and then teach you a card effect using that sleight. An  excellent old card conjuring book that will stand the test of time. Highly  recommended.
0792839846|5.0|Humphrey Bogart is the very best leading man ever. He is the handsomest man in all movies ever. Ingrid Bergman was also the best choose as his leading  lady. My favorite line in this movie is &quot;Here's looking at  you Kid&quot; And &quot;of all the Gin joints,of all the town;s she had to  walk into mine.Excellent movie for anyone to watch,at any time.
B00000J7S8|5.0|I've been a Diana Krall fan since the first time I listened to her CD &quot;All For You&quot;. My girlfriend and I went to see her concert last November here in Manila, at the Met Museum.  We enjoyed her performance  immensely. Afterwards we bought the CD at the concert venue. I listened to  it at least three times that evening. Diana Krall does not fail to deliver  a sterling performance. I recommend this album to anyone and everyone!
B00002MZ4V|5.0|I'm a fan of great music and great movies, and one thing they have in common is John Williams. He has taken movies to a whole new universe with his inspiring themes for such movies as Star Wars Trilogy and The Phantom  Menace, Indiana Jones Trilogy, E.T., Jaws,Superman, Home Alone, etc. Think  of a movie with great themes and there he is. This collection contains his  most acclaimed titles and some classic ones that I haven't heard until now  (but they are great). It also contains two Olympic games theme songs  composed by John Williams. Yo-Yo Ma (cello) and Ithzak Perlman (violin) are  just amazing in their performances for such theme songs for Schindler's  List and Seven Years in Tibet. In just a few words: A must have for any fan  of great movies and great music.
B000006NPY|5.0|Have been reading a few mixed reviews about Adore. Five*'s or One*.  That prompted me to write this 'review'<br />Me: A intense fan of SP. But I havnt listened to Adore yet.  I am in no hurry.  SP is a group that you grow  attached to ,like an old friend. SP has been through a lot and it will show  in their music<br />All I care about is that they keep on playing, and  enjoying their music.  <br />Their talent is enormous.  Let them be free to  exercise it.<br />Finally,I dont (usually) critize an artist for the quality  of the album. Music is a form of expression.  Treat it in that sprit, and  each album will be unique.<br />Take care Billy.<br />Shailesh
B000000W5L|5.0|This could well be the divider between the Stones of legend &amp; the Stones of current:the bridge between what made everyone familiar with the Stones &amp; what makes them indistinguishable nowadays.The album that  clipped an inimitable career paving off to the inevitable law of  compensation.                                                        <br />  One of the most trying &amp; most rewarding albums in rock history,this was  lambasted by most critics at the time of it's release who didn't have the  patience to see beyond it's surface.But like everything that comes  good,this marvelous collection of tunes bestows herself so admirably to  loyal &amp; fervent listeners by giving a bit of herself more &amp; more  with each passing listen; a revelation of awe inspiring beauty that never  fails to impress with each second's spin. Highlights abound in this  enduring legacy: &quot;Rocks Off&quot; is an instant classic; I bought this  CD for that song alone;&quot;Casino Boogie&quot; a seductive  thumper;&quot;Tumbling Dice&quot; a fathom of beauty;&quot;Sweet  Virginia&quot; &amp; &quot;Torn and Frayed&quot; are classics that any  great country musician would be proud to claim as his own;&quot;Loving  Cup&quot; is as true to it's title as it could be;&quot;Happy&quot; being  Keith's impressive debut;&quot;Turd on the Run's&quot; hilbilly pace &amp;  &quot;Ventilator Blues's&quot; macho vigor are the Stones at some of their  best bad-boy fervor;&quot;All Down The Line&quot; is classic rock that all  rock groups should model themselves from;&quot;Stop Breaking Down&quot;,  with it's excellent slide passages,is  musical temperance &amp; brilliance  of almost the godly sort;when Mick implores &quot;One more time!&quot; to  his fellow cohorts,you couldnt help but echo the sentiment with him;the  inspiring &quot;Shine A Light&quot;;and the compelling guitar oriented  &quot;Soul Survivor&quot; are what made one music critic suggest that this  may be the greatest rock album ever.                                                  <br /> Some critics may consider this a par below the ones that  preceded it; indeed, no other than Jagger himself considered this album  overrated:he stated that it didn't have the thematic unity of  &quot;Beggar's&quot; or &quot;Let It Bleed&quot;.And to a certain degree,it  is correct.A few songs here are found wanting next to the best,and a few of  the good ones lack a bit of the tightness &amp; focus of the two  aforementioned albums.Legendary tales of the off-schedule sessions of this  album &amp; the growing Jagger-Richards rift may have caused this;but one  point they failed to put into  consideration is that this album has the  hi-lows,light &amp; shade that the upfrontness of say,&quot;Beggars&quot;  didn't have.A more wavy &amp; mood-filled album this one is.                                               <br /> A classic is a classic because of the  landmark that it institutes in the field of the beholder:like every work of  art that stands the test of time,this one definitely has left its mark in  my life:I could say that my life has now been divided to  &quot;Pre-Exile-With Exile&quot;.
0553208845|2.0|I had to read this book for my 11th grade english class, and at first I was very excited.  From what I had read on this site this book was going to be a very spiritual experrience.  It was going to change my life.  But the  further and further I got into the book the more disappointed I got.  This  was not what I had expected.  The charachters were all extremely shallow,  except for Siddhartha.  And I found Siddhartha conceited and macho.  Two  traits I had hoped that Buddha had not had.  Maybe I was looking at it from  the wrong perspective but I was let down by this book.
B000002HAF|4.0|Where is my mind off of the pixies first album surfer rosa is possibly one of the greatist songs of all time, especially considering it came out in what like 89-90.  that's in the era when michael jackson was dominating the  charts.  the pixies made nirvana possible.
0385474547|4.0|I had to read this book for my 11th grade english class.  This is not the book I wanted to read but when I actually got it I was pretty excited.  Most of the time when I read a book and it changes me I can't pinpoint why.   But this book changed me because it taught me a lesson.  The 'hero'  Okonkwo was a man ruled by fear, and this caused his life to end in  disaster and suicide.  The use of dramatic irony taught me that having your  life ruled by anything will cause only bad in the end.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Only, I wish it were a triple...  Where's Fade to Black?  It would be perfect for this project!   The metal classical mix works well, almost as well as Mr. Doctor's efforts for &quot;Devil Doll&quot;.  And, if you know  *that* band, your musical taste has reached upper realms that few have  known...
6305603847|5.0|This video has all a pink floyd fan could ask for. You get interviews and voice of from Roger and the band. This has everything I want and then some. If you love pink floyd you should buy a DVD player just to see this  masterpiece.
B000009EUM|5.0|This is a fantastic album!  A Ha has beautiful and powerful sound quality to their music and the lead singer has a really great voice; the end result is catchy music that's fun to listen to but with a sound quality that rises  above the garden variety synthesizer Eurotrash of the decade.
B000006XQJ|5.0|Excellent!<BR> For those of you who are fans of the group, this is a MUST buy. <BR> For those who aren't, this is STILL a must buy. <BR> :)
6304044836|5.0|I don't care what anyone says; there's no need to compare 1995's Sabrina to the Audrey Hepburn classic. This one, in my opinion, is clearly superior than the original.<br /><br />By default, film as an art form has evolved and matured far beyond where it was almost half a century ago. Unless the original was of undeniable achievement in every aspect from technical to artistic (which the original Sabrina wasn't, if we are being honest), the remake will usually be more refined due to the natural evolution of film making techniques, storytelling, and more sophisticated sensibility. Side by side, the 1995 SABRINA is more clever in dialogue, plot, and direction. Let's not get into how the Hepburn version is better simply because it's the original, or a legendary actress was in it. Remakes aren't inherently inferior, and Julia Ormond is an actress that commands respect, as her acting career has demonstrated. On top of that, Harrison and Greg made much more charming and convincing Linus and David than the original cast.<br /><br />Another touch that made it better was changing Sabrina's Paris trip to becoming a photographer instead of a cook. It gave her so much more confidence and validated her as an individual who's accomplished in artistic achievement, and the artistic endeavor matched her sentimental personality far better.<br /><br />It was  also a great move to have Linus truly be the head of the family by taking out the father. That way, Linus became even more of a figure to be intimidated by, and the weight on his shoulders seemed that much heavier.<br /><br />The original Sabrina didn't do a very good job at convincing us why Linus should fall in love with Sabrina. The 1995 version did a great job showing us how Sabrina managed to melt Linus's icy exterior by being sensitive, understanding, encouraging, and challenging to him.<br /><br />What can I say? I love 1995's version. If you haven't seen it, please give it a try. You will be delighted.
B000001EL3|3.0|Okay, this is the one that all KISS fans point to as the classic album by the masked men.  Not completely true.  Very good songs are here that are outdone by their live counterparts.  Rock City is probably the best studio  track they ever did.  I whole-heartedly agree with the preceding reviewer:   Great Expectations is the worst KISS song.  Well, that excludes anything  Peter ever wrote.  This is the album where Peter got the idea he could  actually write.  If he only knew when his 15 minutes were really up...
0783226004|5.0|Simply, this movie has it all, it's funny, it's intriguing, it's cool. it's full of gadgets. Fetauring some of the best casts I've seen for quite some time, Sneakers is great fun for all generations.
B000001ELL|2.0|The disco era captured KISS in 1979.  &quot;Lovin you&quot; and &quot;Sure know Something&quot; are good songs.  Oddly enough the best song is 2000 man.  Sung by Ace-written by the Stones.  Go figure.  Once again Peter has  managed to write the worst song for the album.  Go Catman!
B00001ZUGJ|4.0|The Matrix is an excellent science fiction film, the operative word being fiction. For sheer entertainment this movie has it all, brilliantly conceived FX, shoot outs, martial arts etc..<br />Movies of this nature are  here to entertain and nothing else.  They aren't meant to stretch your  mind, or its perception of the world. The character of Neo isn't made out  to be a god or messiah in any way, simply he has the ability to bend the  laws of an artificial computer generated world. Thus this makes him  &quot;the one&quot;.<br />Get this movie simply because it is good  entertainment, don't try analysing it to death.<br />Excellent movie.
B000001EKX|4.0|Take this one and combine it with KISS-now throw out the bad songs and you have what would have been a metal classic.  This album is often forgotten about but it is a must buy.  Got to choose and Watchin You are incredible.   KISS was on it's way to superstardom at this point.
6301697707|5.0|Everyone has &quot;their&quot; movie.  For some it's &quot;Star Wars&quot; or &quot;The Matrix&quot; or any of a billion others.  For me, this movie is &quot;Tremors.&quot;  I do not exagerate when I say that I have easily  watched the movie more times than any single person (and most likely EVERY  person).  With some preparation I can easily repeat, word-for-word, the  entire movie (I'm working on adding the extra footage provided by the  wonderful DVD edition) as well as inject the &quot;edited for TV&quot;  voice overs.  Why have I done this?  Just read ALL of the reviews below  mine.  As for someone saying it rips off &quot;Dune,&quot; they're wrong.   What similarities it does have are an homage to that great movie and book.   This is a movie of &quot;the little things.&quot;  As I continue to watch  it, I keep finding new things that make me laugh.  And I'll never stop  laughing...        &quot;'Round here?   Heh heh heh!  No ma'am!&quot;
B00000J7J4|5.0|I kept hearing Smooth (track 5) on the radio and loved it. Buy this cd. The other tracks are just as good. The other tracks have a lot of latin rhythym. Santana's touch in this album really enhanced the other various  artists. I'm planning on buying this cd for others because it was so good.
020161622X|5.0|As an experienced programmer, project manager and an MCSE, I valued all of the tips and advice in this book. It is written for the seasoned professional to the novice, it is a valuable book for all computer  professionals.
B00000K3UR|4.0|I must admit; I was shocked.  My first thoughts were that this movie was going to be one of those formatted films that puts a kid in just for ratings; or one in which the attempt to be humorous is there but the actual humor lacks.  I never really have watched Adam long enough to compliment or  insult his acting; so in this film I made sure I was glued to my seat; it  was long after that in which I realized I was actually enjoying this film.   The fact that Adam is actually holding himself back from life, and this kid  makes him understand that the life he is living is not making him happy or  satisfying him.  It takes a 5 year old kid to get a 30-something year old  man to realize the truth about his own presence in his own little world,  kids; miracle workers huh! The end surprised me totally and I even cried!   When a movie can actually touch you so much that you feel the emotions and  you begin to express them; it's a film worth as many compliments as one can  give.  It's not just another comedy; for once Adam did a film in which his  true acting capabilities began to show.  You're a funny guy Adam, but more  important than that; it took this movie to get me to see; you're a hell of  an actor.
0451196716|5.0|I am an avid Stephen King reader and have read almost everything by him, and have found this story to be his best. The details and progression of the story is so chilling you want to put it down, but at the same time you  can't. You just have to see how it ends. You have to see who will be the  remaining contestant. My all time favorite Stephen King tale.
0140067477|5.0|I JUST LOVED IT , MAKES YOU SMILE ALL THE WAY
0792839846|5.0|This classic movie is more that a love story, more that a political statement.  Casablanca is arguably one of the finest pieces of film ever constructed.  The use of Hitchcockian lighting sets a mood so stirring that  the viewer is drawn into the story without the awareness of the passage.  The sacrifices of love, the loss of human dignity which invariably  accompanies war  and a man's rediscovery of his lost humanity are all  intregral subplots in this stirring tale of love. Cacablanca will always  get 5 stars from this writer.
B00002Z88D|5.0|The combination of the world's most thunderous and powerful band with the worl'd greatest theatrical composer and his symphony make a collection of music that may surpass and ever produced. Mr. Kamen outwardly seems to be  couageous enough to take a backseat to Metallica, but in reality the two  become one in a blitzkrieg of passion and sound on this double CD set. The  real credit for this set belongs to the sound technicians who masterfully  recorded every emotion, sound, and graceful note of this two night  concert.<br />I have never heard it's equal, no are any of us likely to again.  The Bay Area's finest put out the performace of a lifetime, and you have to  ask yourself, how can they ever top this?
0812589041|5.0|I loved it! Enders Shadow paralleled this one and it is soooo interesting to see the two points of view! This one is going to be A CLASSIC! Just watch! I loaned it to my husband who reads nothing but Sci Fi and he began  loaning it to everyone at his work place! Excellent!
B00000JJCZ|3.0|will buy it. i used to love Santana when i was &quot;younger&quot
0060977493|5.0|\\"May in Ayemenem is a hot, brooding month,\\" and so is Arundhati Roy's novel The God of Small Things. Imagine a cold piece of butter slowly melting in a frying pan, setting the scene for the cooking to come, and you  can see the way Roy's prose works. Words that are hot and brooding reel you  into an intricate web of family politics and social mores, evoking a  feeling similar to a written stream of consciencness.   Roy writes in  layers, except that the layers are both added and taken off; I was reminded  of my childhood when I would eat wafer chocolates from the bottom and the  top, leaving the middle until last, because that was the best part. Roy  kindly dispells the, often torturous, anxiety of what happens in the end  early on in the book. The reader is told what happened before it happened,  what happened after it happened, and saves what happened for last. A format  that seemingly would put off a reader becomes its most appreciated quality.   This book is for everyone; murder mystery, love story, epic saga all in  one. Even if you're not the romantic type, the social scrutiny of Indian  customs provides for interesting reading. However, if you're interested in  brain candy, forget it. There is too much to absorb. Emotion and intellect  are needed in order to understand the emotion and intellect that are  related. You could take in only what is superficially presented, as the  plot alone is worthwhile, but you would be missing so much.  Rahel, a  dizygotic twin returns to the place of her childhood and subesequently a  place of unhappiness to see her brother, the other twin, after more than  twenty years of separation. Esta, the brother, has stopped talking, and  Rahel has stopped feeling. Their reunion allows for the remembrance and  grieving of their disasterous youths. They recall small things, seemingly  unimportant, yet vital to the reconstruction of their sense of inner peace.    They are the same age as their mother when she died, thirty-one.  Their house is run down and the only relatives left from the monster in  their pasts are, in essence, only waiting to die. Entering their minds  through an omniscient voice, we are transported back and forth in time,  remembering small things, painting a big picture. We remember a cousin's  accidental death, and the death of another who served as a scapegoat. We  remember how fate can make the strangest families. We also remember Rahel  and Esta, and how they \\"broke the love laws. That lay down who should be  loved. And how. And how much.\\"  While the novel serves to shock the  reader from time to time, the pace is slow. Roy's style would be described  as somewhat verbose for the impatient, yet serves to parallel the way we  deal with emotions, hurt, and love in life.  Creating a paradox however,  this reader went back to re-absorb certain elements of beauty or truth, due  to a lack of time created by an impatience to find out what happens next.   Although usually overly critical of fiction, I would recommend this book  for anyone who likes to read intelligent literature. It gives the reader a  chance to realize how profound those small things really are.
0440539811|5.0|This book is absolutely mind-blowing.  Much closer to the truth than it is science fiction, The Illuminatus Trilogy will leave you spellbound.  I have never seen a book quite like this.  Read it and you will not be  disappointed.
B000005RTG|5.0|I have this album on VINYL (did I date myself?) and consider it to be a pivotal piece to my music collection. While somewhat different than what comes before, and what comes after, as a whole its simply outstanding.  Seems to be a &quot;forgotten&quot; album to most (possibly including the  band themselves, as I don't think they ever play any of this stuff live,  and maybe they should (although I think I did see this tour!)) If you're a  DP (or Coverdale orwhatever) fan you MUST have this album. In fact, I'm  gonna go listen to it, now.....
0783226845|5.0|One of the finest displays of a character who has tons of that one thing every man would like to have : primival happiness to be LIVING . A sense of helpless ness crosses Lt/ Col. Slade who shows a superb command over every  facet of LIFE excepting his own. A MUST-SEE to all those who like raw force  in a story line .
B00002MZ4W|5.0|It's great to hear a pop record so beautifully composed, performed, arranged and engineered.  I love it.
B000003JDA|3.0|When i first heard this album i was quite disapionted, but seeing how it was Tull i decided to give it time to grow on me, which i must admit it has done to some extent, there are a couple of songs on there that are  excellent, but others that leave me a bit cold, also the songs are all a  bit melancholy, it could possibly have done a few happier tunes to lift it.  But it is still their best album for a while, though not quite as fun and  interesting as their 70`s stuff
B00000IOSU|5.0|Finally, we have all our favorite Sarah McLachlan songs sung LIVE by the mistress of New Age soul. I just love to hear &quot;Building A Mystery&quot;, &quot;Angel&quot;, &quot;Will You Remember Me?&quot; and all  her other great live renditions in this CD. It's really worth it! I also  got the special limited edition enhanced CD which features her merchandise,  and other galleries. Better than Ice Cream!
B00002MZ4V|5.0|This is a suberb recording of John's most famous themes (although I was quite disappointed not to fing The Towering Inferno!). I was really pleasantly surprised to find excellant pieces from Empire of the Sun  Stepmom, and Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom which are less well know  compared to ET and Star Wars. And although most of the tracks are not  original recordings, the performances given by the London Symphony and the  Boston Pops are flawless. This is THE ideal Christmas Present!
0425170349|2.0|This book was extremely disappointing. I stopped at the 100th page, hoping for it to get better at page 50 but it didn't. I only gave this book 2 stars because the beginning was suspencful and entertaining. During the  first 10 pages I was so pleased and I thought I was into a real adventure,  but then it got a little too complex and the action was just plain boring.  After reading Tom Clancy's Net Force, Debt of Honor, and Executive Orders,  Rainbow Six was just plain. . . BORING! I'm looking forward to reading  Patriot Games soon, but after reading Rainbow Six I'm not so sure about Tom  Clancy's books, although that'll change soon after reading Patriot Games.
B00000HYXB|5.0|I can listen to this CD again and again. It's the best album I have ever had.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I rarely listen to this type of music, but when I heard &quot;I Knew I Love You&quot;, I knew I had to get this CD. This whole CD is very well written and if we were able to give 10 stars I would. This CD has alot of  beautiful songs on here and some fast paced songs too. I would reccomend  this CD to anyone who is tired of fake artists and want to hear some really  good musicians with talent.
B00001QEE2|5.0|I am in graduate school for my masters in history and I know just about EVERYTHING there is to know about mythology and Greek culture and let me tell you, I LOVED this movie! All the people who hated it because of its  inaccuracies should know that not ONE Disney movie has EVER been accurate.  Cinderella's step-sisters cut their toes off to fit into the glass slipper.  The Little Mermaid is supposed to DIE in the end. There is NO Gaston or  dancing pots and pans in Beauty and the Beast. There is no wise-cracking  genie in Aladdin. Hercules is NO different. But unlike those movies, the  &quot;true&quot; story of Hercules is just plain awful. The story goes like  this: Hercules is born after Zeus cheats on his wife. Zeus then has the  baby feed on Hera's breast when she is sleeping. Then Hercules in a fit of  anger kills his whole family, and spends his whole life killing monsters  for his cousin as penance. In the end his second wife gives him a magic  coat with which he burns himself to death because he cheated on her. Oh,  what a great movie that would make! Honestly, the revamped story is VASTLY  superior, and Disney did everything right as far as the geology of Greece,  the architecture, the clothing, and many other little anecdotes. That's  much more than I can say for any other version of Hercules including that  god-awful Kevin Sorbo show. I see the movie more as a humorous look at ALL  Greek myths. I think any student of Greek myths would agree. Sure the  Gospel music was a bit much, but it fit the story beautifully.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This new Moby album is the best one so far. No doubt about it. He is amongst the best within the art of dance music! I'm not what you may call a typical dancefloor listener, but this cd makes me rock whenever... It's  also the most commercial cd he has made. Check out the previous one:  &quot;I like to score&quot;
076781326X|5.0|I first saw &quot;Oliver&quot; when I was eight at the State Theate in Woodland, California; I just finished watching it again on DVD and I still love it! Mark Lester was an inspired choice for Oliver, and his scenes are most affecting especially with Fagan and his gang.Nancy was played by the now-forgotten Shani Wallis and she's terrifically effective in her love scenes with Bill Sikes and her singing &quot;It's a Fine Life&quot; is a joy to behold. Ron Moody scores strong as Fagan; he's simply marvelous. Onna White did the amazing choreography and the songs are certainly well sung. The scene where Oliver awakes in Mayfair has a special quality to it: through the window, he watches below as the street vendors sing the haunting &quot;Who Will Buy?&quot; Oliver Reed is fine as Bill Sikes and the Artful Dodger is memorably played by Jack Wild. It won the AA for best picture of 1968 ; it's a shame we don't see more similar films in today's cinema.
006109594X|5.0|You'll like this book if you're a man.  If you don't like it, I don't need to check between your legs a la Crocodile Dundee - 'cause you ain't one.
B000002J29|5.0|When I first borrowed this album from my friend back in 1978, I really hadn't heard any Genesis yet.  They were never on the radio, believe it or not, and they truly were a cult band at the time. I put the first side on  the turntable and heard &quot;Squonk.&quot; I was blown away.  I'd never  listened to such music before. It was almost like being deaf and blind your  entire life and suddenly you could see and hear! The rest of that first and  second side were just as mind blowing.  Songs like &quot;Afterglow&quot;  and &quot;Carper Crawl&quot; were equally chilling.  Then there is the  incredible number &quot;Firth of Fifth&quot; where I discovered a new type  of guitar playing (by the already recently departed Steve Hackett).  All of  this with their drummer, Phil Collins, as their lead vocalist, not the  incredible Peter Gabriel who left after the &quot;Lamb Lies Down On  Broadway.&quot; As it turned out, this was their last anonymous effort.   About a year or so later, &quot;Duke&quot; came out with &quot;Turn it On  Again&quot; and the overplayed &quot;Misunderstanding.&quot;  They  eventually developed into another Fleetwood Mac (in terms of radio  overplay).  So listen to this album by yourself when you're missing someone  or when you just want to get away from it all. You won't believe how great  this cd is!
6305627401|5.0|I am not a South Part fan.  But this is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen!  Great music, sick humor and very funny.  What else can you ask for?  I have watched it over and over again.
B000002PCS|5.0|Having listen to more than hundreds of soundtracks, as well as many orchestral music and classical music, I dare say that not many pieces of them had captured my heart. And among them, Somewhere In Time was one of  the best I have ever listen in my life. <br />I have this song played by many  orchestra, including the Cincinnati Pops, Royal Philharmonic, and The City  of Prague, The Royal Scottish, as well as some Piano solo version. However,  the original one still worth having in my huge collection of Somewhere In  Time. For a word, check it out and hear it yourself. <br />PS. I'm currently  searching for the version from London Symphony. I have no idea if the LSO  has ever play this or not. So, if anyone hear about that, please tell me.  Thank you.
0792156684|5.0|This is one of the few movies that was so hyped up and so run into the ground that actually lived up to the hype--even though it's only natural to be sick of hearing about it.  <br />This was definitely a classic.  Set  against one of the most terrible and most documented disasters in recent  history (which was probably the biggest thing it had going for it), this  film took the viewer on an emotional cruise of their own.  The setting  alone put so much power into this movie that is was ahead of the game  before the title appeared on screen.  <br />Wonderfully scored, wonderfully  acted--with the best performance, by the way, coming from Zane and not  either of the Oscar nomianted actresses--this film has as much power as the  title vessel did in its day as compared to the rest of the fleet.  The 197  minutes float by as the viewer becomes acquainted and attached to each of  the characters.  <br />I was a little disappointed that with such an  incredible movie, the DVD that it produced was so uncreatively simple.   Yes, it's long, and I'm sure that takes up alot of disc space, but after  the time and care and detail that went into the picture?  Seems like a  cop-out.  No special features really except the overplayed trailer that  revealed too many crucial plot moments anyway.  <br />Don't get me wrong,  having just this movie alone in your personal library is a must, but that's  all you'll be getting--nothing more.  <br />But as far as the film goes, there  aren't many films that are more powerful.  <br />One thing to note, though.   The most important character in this film--if this even needs to be  stated--is the ship.  This love story, this drama, these characters--none  of it is even close to as memorable without the HMS Titanic herself.  But  then, like I said, since that's the title, that really goes without saying  now, doesn't it?
B000002OR4|5.0|Schindler's List is definitely John William's best score ever composed. I really love all those violin solo (by the famous Itzhak Perlman). Especially, Remembrance, which was so haunted and gave me such ... (#no  word for this#) sort of feeling. It was un describable by any  word.<br />Believe me, if you like music, you will love this one.
B00002R0MC|5.0|This Cd is the best collection of Marley titles ever esembled. It Captures the real essesce of Bob Marley on all of the recordings. The CD starts way at the beggining of his musical carrer to almost the end. The two live  songs show how Bob Marley would imorvise and how he was all about having  fun and not having to stick straight to the song version. I highly  recommend the CD. If you are a Marley lover you will love this box set
B00002Z88D|5.0|Michael Kamen of the SanFransisco Symphony has found the piece of Metallica that nobody knew was missing. He's taken the best in metal and elevated it to GODLINESS. In Kamen's own words: &quot;I live in both worlds  ... now, so does Metallica.&quot; He truly has perfected perfection and I  thank him for it.
B0000027EP|3.0|Is this classic Motorhead? No. It's softer and lighter, (for MH, anyway), but is still quite interesting.
0800129806|1.0|I went to see this movie in the theatres and I loved it. When it came out on video I HAD to buy it. So what went wrong?<br />Well, I watched it over and over and bit by bit, all the window dressing fell away and showed what was  underneath..... NOTHING! This movie hasn't a brain in its pretty little  head.<br />I won't throw a fit about the fact that except for the names of  maybe 4 characters this movie has absolutely nothing to do with King  Arthur. I won't complain about how it focuses on the sleaziest part of the  tales of Camelot. As a history buff, I'll even keep my mouth shut about the  glaring historical inaccuracies. (The afore mentioned costumes, crossbows  as well as the carraiges and accents) I will complain about the deep cracks  in this story.<br />1- Lancelot. I don't like him. He's a pervert who dragged  the dim Guinevere into adultery. Yes, I am a woman, and I still am not  smitten by Gere's charms. And frankly, I wasn't too impressed with his  sword choreography, I mean, this guy is said to be the deadliest swordarm  in England but he has no cool moves save a lame disarm the enemy by making  spastic gestures move.<br />2- Guinevere. She is dull-witted. I see why  Malegant thought he could take over her kingdom, this character is not the  brightest bulb on the tree. Too bad since Julia Ormonde is a good actress.  She hurts Arthur deeply with her adulterous desire and then expects a few  tears will set everything right again.<br />3- The Villains. They are  cartoonishly evil. The &quot;Hey, let's murder women and children. Why? Cuz  we're bad! Why?.... Cuz we just are, that's all.&quot;<br />The only  characters I liked were Arthur and the few knights of the round table (Kay  and Agravain) who have some screen time. I thought the round table thing  was supposed to be equal. What's with the FIRST knight thing, doesn't that  sort of defeat the purpose?<br />Point is, this movie is good until you  realize it is nothing. Rent Monty Python and the Holy Grail as stated  below, at least you'll get some laughs or better, read The Acts of King  Arthur and His Noble Knights by John Steinbeck to get the feel of this  wonderful old legend.
B000002AGN|4.0|Dave Bribeck is a god of jazz. A modern marvel
B000001DV2|5.0|I have a hard time deciding which Def Leppard album is my favorite. It is probably this one or Hysteria or even Europhia. I would give this one a 98/100. Hysteria I would give a 94/100 and Europhia I would give a 95/100.  As you can see this album in my humble opinion is my favorite!  But it is  a very, very close race between these albums. Vault, the greatest hits is  99/100 but since that is really not a studio album, Adrenalize is the  best!  Every song is good and you would be hard pressed to find a filler  song on this album. From the opening rock song, &quot;Let's Get  Rocked&quot; which was so well produced, it flows like the mighty  Mississippi, to the final song, &quot;Tear It Down&quot;, which is one of  their catchest tunes ever, this album will bring out the  &quot;adrenaline&quot; in you and have you adrenalized. No Pun Intended!
B00000BKDW|4.0|Ryhyme of the Ancient Mariner is the class of this album. Smart, well written, and driving.<br />Truly excellent!
B000031XCR|5.0|I came to this site looking to buy a CD for a friend, I wanted to find something she would like but instead of reviews for a CD I found anti-artist garbage.  Celine isn't my favorite artist, but atleast leave  the reviews open for real reviews so some of us can acurately gauge the CD!  If you really hate someone then voice your opinion, BUT DO IT SOMEWHERE  ELSE!
B000002UE9|3.0|Yes. Poison is simple, and cheesy, and silly and shallow, and all of it.<br />They are also fun. They're a good party band, and this is a good party disc. Don't expect Queensryche or Iron Maiden or Motorhead. Expect an  80s party, and you'll be happy.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This CD has a great mix of songs... it's even better than their first!  Clear vocals... great lyrics... and it's well produced!  Two thumbs up!  (I'd give it more if I had more thumbs!)
B000001DYJ|3.0|The problem with this album is that it tried to cover lots of material on a single disc. By the time this was recorded KISS had enough 80's and 90's material to have a double CD of all the songs that made them popular again  in the mid 80's. Its true that the songs here sound good and fresh but a  follow up of Alive and Alive II could have been a lot more original with  better song selection and far better packaging. If you are looking for a  &quot;classic&quot; live album sitck to Alive. Let's just hope they do  better on Alive IV.
6304383177|5.0|This was the first video I ever bought!  It's the best cure for a bad day I can think of. Grant does a perfect absentminded professor; Hepburn is at her zany best (who'da thunk it)....the supporting cast were seamless and  even the animals were  perfect. Depressed? Rent this video!
0385484518|5.0|Unfortunately, I read this book 2 years ago--less than a year after my Mom died of ALS.  When I read it, all I saw was the dreaded disease and someone coping with death.  It helped me alot, but I'd like to read it again to get  the other message that it celebrates LIFE!   What a great story.  If I  could, I would buy 100 copies and give them out to anyone who was frowning,  grouchy, or simply needed a lift!   A great present for ANY occasion or no  occasion at all!
B00002Z88D|5.0|IT rocks! Metallica at its best
B000005RTG|5.0|This is an extraordinary album, possibly one of the 3 best in the Deep Purple catalogue, along with In Rock and Burn. The reason I find it so amazing (apart from the music which I'll get to shortly) is the manner in  which Tommy Bolin just comes on in and completely takes over. Except  perhaps for the intro to &quot;This Time Around&quot; Jon Lord is virtually  superfluous. All the other fine moments on this album are courtesy of Tommy  and his awesome guitar... The monstrous riffs that he comes up with on such  tracks as Gettin Tighter, Drifter and Love Child are amongst my favourites  of all time and I've heard 'em all going right back to Cream and early Led  Zeppelin. And when those drums of Ian Paice come thundering in on  I Need  Love...pure rock bliss. And Tommy's crowning achievement on the album ?  Just listen to his solo during the last minute of Gettin Tighter. Christ,  that lad could play and he wrings every last note out of his guitar for  that solo. But there's heaps more  fantastic stuff from Tommy on this album  and it's an absolute tragedy that he died so young. Still, with this  scorcher, along with his solo albums Teaser and Private Eyes, he's left  behind a monumental legacy.  If you love stratospheric guitar playing, this  album is for you. I'm 43 and it still gives me goose bumps.
0671502336|4.0|Hellner's &quot;Catch-22&quot; is not the most intresting book, however, it does bring up important &quot;fears&quot; that society even today faces. For example, the fear of death is throughout the book and Yossarian has a  tough time dealing with it. On a positive note, Hellner's characterization  was intresting. He made simple &quot;average-joe&quot; characters stand out  and have a role.
B00000IQMT|5.0|okay, I got this when I was thirteen, and I have to say, it's great. Duel of the Fates is unequaled. The fast pace is one that makes you go to the edge of your seat with your mouth hanging 5 feet down. I saw the trilogy  and they used a lot less choral work than Episode I, but no matter. It's  still excellent. I don't see what's wrong with Augie's Great Municipal  Parade, I thought it was a festive piece, and it made me want to grin the  first time I heard it. What is rather disappointing is that they don't have  all the music. I like listening it all of the music and recalling the scene  in which I heard it. Also, tacking on Duel of the Fates and Anakin's Theme  in the Ending Credits wasn't the brightest idea. I prefer the trilogy  endings, where they summed up the movie through music with a bang at the  end. Well, that why I have MP3, to supplement my music till they bring out  the complete soundtrack. Also, I wish they had a track for each score. For  example, I liked Flag Parade, but I can't listen to it until I go through  arrival at Tatooine. And the Arrival piece is soft, I almost fall asleep  before Flag Parade evens begins! The Droid Invasion had a siutable,  &quot;evil&quot; tone to it, like the Imperial March in the Trilogy (gotta  love that). I don't want to be too comparative, because John Williams is  going through a totally different musical environment. To sum it up, it's a  must have for music fans (like me), and all Star Wars fans. MTFBWY
6305627401|5.0|Maybe im nuts.I saw this movie 5 times all with friends and dilated pupils. Forget doin sit-ups watch this movie.
B00000J6AG|5.0|This is my first Moby CD and, man, does this guy ROCK!  I absolutely love the way he has incorporated old Spiritual music into his techno-sound.  This CD was on in the car for the entire drive to D.C. three weeks ago.   You must have an excellent sound system to fully appreciate this music.   You'll be hooked for life.
B00002Z88D|5.0|I first heard about this c.d. when I heard the new version of &quot;one&quot; on my car radio. It was so intense, I started counting days until the release. When I got it, I was not dissapointed. The Orchestra  adds a new level to Metallica's music, giving color and depth to some of  their older pieces which were very heavily guitar oriented. I was frankly  dissapointed that there was no Fade To Black, and I just couldn't get into   Fuel, (simply too much noise) but overall, it's a  must have, even for  non-metallica fans. Even if you don't think you'll like it, give it a try!
B00000J6AG|5.0|I LOVE this album. I've given it away several times - those people have loved it. I've loaned it to friends who couldn't live with out it - they ran out and got it. This is a prize possession and essential addition to  your CD collection
6304119046|5.0|I do not remember how old I was when I first saw Welles's cinematic classic.  For me, at the time, I initially couldn't make much out of the movie because upon seeing it, I was perhaps too young to understand fully  the artist's narrative and stylistic intentions.  All I can say is that no  other Hollywood-made film has left such an impression for life on me as  &quot;Citizen Kane.&quot;  It will always remain top drawer, so I champion  it to people of all ages and future generations. Even today, as I watch it  on occasion, I remain imbued with its freshness of thought and the  perceptive and haunting approach to cinema created by the peerless Orson  Welles.
6305603847|5.0|Just finished watching THE WALL on DVD.  And it was quite good.<br />Firstly, as all of you know it is presented in widescreen, which afforded me a view of those sights that were previously hidden in the pan and scan full frame  version.  The picture is very clear, with only a trace of those pubic hair  like things every now and then.  To my slight dismay, I got a digital pixel  blip that I have never experienced with my DVD player.  It was near the  beginning and did not reappear to my knowledge.<br />The sound is wonderful.   I don't have a huge sound set up in my living room, but my TV does have  surround sound and I thought it was a dramatic improvement over the VHS.   Although I've listened to these songs more times than what's probably  considered healthy, they almost sounded like brand new songs.<br />The running  commentary track with Roger Waters and animator Gerald Scarfe was extremely  entertaining.  Not only did Waters and Scarfe discuss bits of film trivia,  but they also wax a fair amount of philosophic.  In places Waters  reminisces at length about his childhood and while some of it is stuff  we've read or heard in past interviews, it's still fascinating. Scarfe, of  course, talks mostly about the animation, but his commentary is engaging as  well.  Oh, and there are moments in the commentary that are very, very  funny.  I was unprepared for this and almost laughed myself to tears at  some of his comments.  While the film itself might be very grim stuff,  Waters himself is extremely witty with a gut busting sense of  humor.<br />There are two documentaries on the DVD.  The first one looks old  and appears to have been made shortly after the movie.  I only watched half  of it as it was a trifle repetitive, filling in alot of screen time with  clip after clip from the movie itself.  The second documentary, divided  into two parts for some reason, is alot better.  It looks quite recent and  features lengthy interviews of Roger Waters, Gerald Scarfe, AlanParker,  and others.  All of them are very fun to listen to.  Being a fan of Waters,  I naturally liked his interviews best.  Unlike other persons in the rock n  roll industry, Roger Waters on film is sort of a rarity.  It was neat to  see him talking and telling stories.<br />Among the extra bonus features on  the DVD is the inclusion of the previously unreleased HEY YOU reel.  While  it's in black and white and the sound is somewhat raw, it is a welcome  addition to the DVD.  After watching this footage, it was clearer to me  why, of all songs, this one was deleted and why I never really missed it.   I can see how it would have made the narrative bog down a little.<br />Next in  the list of bonus features is a crude music video for ANOTHER BRICK IN THE  WALL PART II.  In the commentary,  I believe it is Gerald Scarfe who says  that when this song was first released as a single, a video was hastily put  together using animation from the WALL live shows along with some footage  of kids milling about and lip synching the words.  It looks like an  extremely early MTV video, shot on a budget of about fifty dollars.<br />The  third bonus feature, titled PROMO, takes you to another menu where you can  watch the trailer, look at still production photos (some of which I have  never seen), or leaf through a gallery of conceptual drawings and artwork  by Gerald Scarfe.<br />The menus are interesting at first but get tedious once  you've had to sit through them a time or two.  It is clear that time and  care went into their design, but certain menus are bordering on cheesy,  particular the one for sound set up, in which the selections look like red  pie plates for some reason.  I would have loved to see some clips of live  WALL footage as a bonus feature but with all that WAS included, I can't  complain.  Except for the design on the DVD case.  I think people will  agree with me that the original blue screaming head on the old VHS box and  movie poster was a more classic looking design.<br />Aside from those tiny  gripes, this is a top notch DVD.
0440539811|5.0|One of the most enjoying tomes I have ever read.  Funny, enlightening, and disturbing all at once.  Every time I read it new things are made clear to me.  Will spin your head and slap you in the face at the same time! HAIL  ERIS!
B0000399WI|4.0|Although Shawshank Redemption is an outstanding, almost mystical tale of desperation tuned redemption, it is necessary to understand the etymology of Hope as it derived from the original story &quot;Rita Hayworth and the  Shawshank Redemption.&quot; As it is, Stephen King published a book  &quot;Different Seasons,&quot; containing four novellas, each one  representing a different season of the year. &quot;The Body&quot; (later  made into the film Stand By Me) was subtitled &quot;fall from  innocence,&quot; where the novella &quot;Apt Pupil&quot; (also made into a  movie of the same name) was subtitled &quot;summer of corruption.&quot; The  important issue here is that &quot;Rita Heyworth,&quot; was subtitled  &quot;hope springs eternal.&quot; This subtitle is one of the most  important themes in the book, and it carries well into the movie; however,  it is necessary to understand that Hope IS the theme to this story. So, no  matter how much is said concerning historical accuracy, larger than life  characters, et cetera, it doesn't matter. This is not a work belonging to  the school Realism, but of a work that lives on as a way of life, a legend,  or a map to the redemptive nature of the soul of man. Nietzche spoke of his  torment and torture as spiritually rewarding, molding him into a better  man; perhaps his review of &quot;Shawshank&quot; would be similar: the  human soul, although fragile, finds redemptive power in Hope.
B0000019PA|5.0|After reading those last two reviews my first inclination was to jump up and fight, because this music is about someone being very open, very vulnerable and genuine - something I think we hear all too little of in our  lives.<br />And to top it off, it's a man. As a man I often feel like I don't  have nearly enoug role models when it comes to being emotional and  connecting with all the scary parts of life. When it comes to music there  are only two men, maybe three who i feel really open up in this way: this  is one of them and the other is Jeff Buckley.<br />I don't know what  &quot;authentic eccentricity&quot; is and I sure didn't go home and listen  to this CD 10 times in a row - a friend simply recommended a track and i  liked it and a few others at first and gradually i got less quick with the  cd controls and started listening to more and more songs and pretty soon i  loved pretty much the whole darn thing.<br />This CD isn't for people who  don't feel some connection to their emotions and fear and the simpler  pleasures in life, however. But if you are in touch with those parts of  yourself and you aren't in a rush to make the next stoplight while it's  still green then listen to Two Headed Boy Pt. Two and see if some parts of  your own life don't come pouring out.<br />On an interesting note, though it  certainly isn't necessary to appreciate this music, I read that this  collection of music was in part inspired for Jeff after he read The Diary  of Anne Frank.<br />Perhaps that is the best advice I can share, if the idea  of a full grown man in Georgia being moved by the story of a young girl in  Germany some 50 years ago, even though that story is well known and  &quot;like everybody already read that in high school&quot; -- if that  makes sense to you, if that appeals to some part of you, then you'll  probably appreciate this music.
0385484518|5.0|one of the best book i have read in years ..
0792842073|5.0|This movie totally opened my eyes and formed my opinion on capital punishment in our society. I feel if anyone believes in the death penalty they should see this movie before they commit themselves to it. Sarandon  and Penn were both excellent, I was disappointed Penn didn't win an award,  too.
B000002BBY|5.0|Like most other Oasis album, this one is also good.Songs like 'SOME MIGHT SAY','WONDERWALL','CAST NO SHADOW' are all very listenable,but the best is the title track.'DONT LOOK BACK IN ANGER' is also quite good. Quite a  masterpiece.
0684833395|5.0|its a wonderful book. witty,  shows the insanities of war
B0000025RJ|5.0|oh my! micheal has been my star since my school days. he is still my star but of all his works none has had a greater impact on me like thriller. &quot;Beat it&quot; was just wonderful and his video performance was magic.  Mike has no match as yet when it comes to creativity and music wonder!  thriller still runs very deep in me , it has combined raw talent and  committment to produce blockbusters like &quot;wanna be startin'  something&quot; and &quot;Billie jean&quot;. i love mike's style, he dances  to his music like it was his baby. keep up man
0684857219|5.0|This book has everything you need to know about all aspects of bodybuilding. It starts with basic recommendation and training techniques for the beginner and ends with posing for bodybuilding competitions. The  book is well organized, so it is very hard to get lost. In the first few  pages, you will find the history of bodybuilding, but following it are the  actual programs and sets of exercises that you can use for every workout.  There is a beginner program, advanced program, and competition program.  Each program has 2 levels of training listing exercises most suitable for  each level. If you are a beginner, you can start with level 1 of the  beginner training and then eventually move up as you see results. Or you  can just start with a level that you see fit for your current shape, as I  did. After all the programs, you will find information on how to correctly  perform each of the exercises listed in training programs, all with big  illustrations (you will see a lot of inspiring pictures of famous  bodybuilders). You will also find many different exercises that you can use  to alternate your workouts, and also nutritional programs to go with your  training. Nutritional programs are divided into different levels as well. I  have never used anabolic steroids, and I have no problem performing  exercises listed in the book. Some of them may be hard, but not in the  beginner training. That's why you shouldn't start with advanced training  unless you feel comfortable. I started seeing results after as little as 2  weeks after almost no progress for last half a year before I picked up this  book. Arnold's training hits all muscle groups, and some that many people  simply miss/disregard, but that are essential for building the best  physique. You don't need steroids to do any of the exercises or to workout  for 2 hours a day. In fact, I actually enjoy my every workout more than  ever. It is hard to describe 800 page book in a few words, so there are a  lot of things inthere that I didn't even mention. You just have to see for  yourself. I can't speak for everyone, but I definately recommend it.
B000003Z12|5.0|This recording shows the diversity of Neil Schon's talent - if you're expecting Journey, forget it. On this recording, Neil grows up, and shows just how talented he is at making a guitar sing. Each track builds in  intensity, my favorites being &quot;Bandalero&quot;, &quot;Cool  Breeze&quot; and my ultimate favorite, the many faceted &quot;Send me an  angel&quot;. Check it out!
B000009EO5|5.0|Never have I experienced a better mating of message and mood. The melodies weave a fabric that guides the viewer through the poverty, crime, love and betrayal of America's growing years.  You don't hear this - you experience  it!
B00000J6AG|4.0|If you have narrow, picky taste in music, I suggest you pass on this album.  <br />In the decade of massive sampling, Moby takes it to a different level by sampling music that takes its roots in blues, gospel, jazz, and  some world music.  It's as if this guy took a trip from the 40's/50's and  brought his favorite samples with him to add to 90's beats.<br />I was  intrigued like most people at the various honors this CD received such as  &quot;Top 10 Albums of the 90's.&quot;  Don't get that confused with the  Top 10 Most POPULAR Albums...  It is not something you will hear on the  radio quite often.<br />He's not like Fatboy Slim if some of you are  wondering.  It's not incredibly fast beats, large bass, and huge sound  effects (except Body Rock.) I was expecting all that but after listening to  this album, I would say &quot;Play&quot; is more like Beck with a bluesy  40s/50s vibe.<br />If all that interests you, I highly recommend.  If not, you  will definitely not think it's the greatest album of the 90s.
B000002WYT|5.0|This CD was what hooked me to DMB.  It is truly amazing, and deep, emotional, and all that stuff.  What really amazed me, though, was the musical talent of the band members.  So many bands today have a guitarist  and a drummer, neither really good.  DMB has two guitarists, an INCREDIBLE  drummer, a good bassist, an amazing violinist &amp; an amazing saxophonist.   I thought, these guys are the best.  <br />And then I got Under the Table and  Dreaming, which has twice the talent.  If you don't like Warehouse, you are  not alive.<br />Crash is actually dumbed down a little, but still reccomended.
B000003AEB|5.0|WHAT CAN I SAY, IT'S SNOOPS BEST ALBUM
B0000024T3|5.0|one of miss streisands most ambitious albums a very romantic yet powerful tour de force,the material is exceptionally well chosen one of the songs , le mur was written for piaf herself and michel legrand's orchestration is  miraculous.
B000002MTU|5.0|I feel I must comment on the review written below claiming that Eric plays the blues &quot;all wrong&quot;.  I have never heard such rubbish in all my life.  How can someone make such a claim.  Surely that is putting Blues  into a set formula and saying &quot;If it does sound like Stevie Ray or B.B  King, then its not relevant&quot;.  If you don't like it then fair enough,  but to come up with such a rediculous excuse for it not being your  particular taste shows a lack of an open mind musically.  This album  represents some of Erics greatest blues playing, his solos and fills are  powerful and the overall 'live' sound also creates a great atmosphere.  I  hope people will make up their own minds.  Whether you consider it Blues,  Jazz or Drum&amp;Bass its a cracking album which shows Eric playing HIS  interpretaion of Blues, not anyone elses!
0451191153|4.0|If I could wish one thing for everyone in the world, I would give each and every person their own Monadnock Valley.   I couldn't quite put to words how this book has moved me until I got to the chapter on Howard Roark.   Within the first few pages when the young man is staring down at what Roark  has created I felt as if I was there.  Ayn Rand writes about Roark,  &quot;He did not know that he had given someone the courage to face a  lifetime.&quot;  Aren't we all at some point in our lives searching for a  reason to go on something to truly live for...?  I would recommend this  book to anyone that has ever struggled with trying to understand the good  and evil of society.  This book inspires anger and tranquility within a  mere exchange of a simple dialouge.
0340738448|4.0|All dialogs and many pictures of the movie are in this book. Pictures are dependent on the dialog contents. Besides, there are the scenes cut before the film release for shortening the original length of the film (and  interviews with director and the actors). If you like the film  very much,  and would like to see it again and again- and may have trouble in listening  English as a foreigner like me -; this is a good source to put it near its  DVD version into your library.
B000023VR6|5.0|HE'S DOPEST CD YET, PHAT BEATS KILLER LYRICS, GOOD COMBINATION OF RAPPERS ON DA RECORD, STILL D.R.E BRINGING SNOOP BACK IN THE SCENE IS BY FAR THE BEST SONG ON THE RECORD
6304493738|5.0|THIS MOVIE ROCKS MAN. IT IS FULL OF ACTION AND HAS SO MANY TWISTS AND TURNS YOU MIGHT WANT TO BUCKLE UP BEFORE WATCHING.  IF YOU LIKE ACTION, SUSPENCE, AND A GOOD THRILL RIDE THIS MOVIE IS FOR YOU.  YOU WILL WANT TO  GO BACK AND WATCH IT AGAIN BECAUSE IT WILL BLOW YOU AWAY!
B00001ZWTT|4.0|Some ways I was disappointed - remembering the TV shows.    But basically I enjoyed it and thought it had its amusing times.   Kevin Kline is always good.
B000006XSD|4.0|First of all I must say that this album is NOT the best album of his solo-era in the 70s (75-78)-quite the opposite. Its more near 3 stars than 5 stars but its still a really good album with a lot of great songs.  The sound is actually stangly heavy and rough on this for an alice album.  The guitar-sound on &quot;Its hot tonight&quot; sounds almost like the  guitarsound of Black Sabbath. There are a few songs thats kind of weak and  just pass you by but there are also a lot of interesting songs like always  from the albums of this era. The slow songs &quot;You and Me&quot; and  &quot;I never wrote these songs&quot; are really great. &quot;My God&quot;  is a great last-song with a huge sounding organ. A bit under-rated and  forgotten Alice record that most of his fans, at least here, seems to  consider just fair and ok, but not more than that. But Lace &amp; Whiskey  has the great variation, adventures music-landscapes and different moods  that marks out a master alice record even if he doesnt pull it off quite  as well here as on &quot;From the Inside&quot; and &quot;Welcome to my  nightmare&quot;. But this is a must for hardcore Alice-fan.
B00000K19E|5.0|The Matrix was an awesome movie, but if you liked the movie you'll love the DVD! The graphics were so much better and the options were cool too!
B00003003R|5.0|hey what can i say, gn'fn'r baby
B00001ZULV|4.0|IF it weren't for 2 Peter Gabriel songs (including an odd remake of Carpet Crawlers) and Congo this album could have been called Phil Collings - Hits Vol. 2: The Genesis Years.  There was no Lamb Lies Down on Broadway here.   Most of the classic Genesis songs with Collins are on here though including  all the classics from the Abacab, Genesis, Invisible Touch, and We Can't  Dance albums.  Still songs like No Reply and Paperlate were discluded from  the set.  Some of the songs like Tonight Tonight Tonight, Abacab, and Mama  werre edited severely too.  I saw that the disc was pretty full when the Cd  was over at 78 minutes but I would of been happier with a 2 CD set that  gave the full versions and some Peter Gabriel songs too.  Though I can't  argue that the songs on here aren't good.  Every song is great and its nice  that Congo is available on this Cd so one doesn't have to waste his or her  money buying their latest flop &quot;Calling All Stations&quot;.  This is a  great CD and I highly recomend it for the casual listener.
B000001FI7|5.0|This album is absolutely amazing.  A mysteriously relaxing blend of alternative sounds that come together to express remarkable depth of emotion.
B0000028PI|4.0|I bought this album back in 94 when it was released and back then i thought that it was a really good record but i didnt play it so often. At that time i wasnt an alice fan, i just thougt he was good. Nowdays i am a  huge fan of Alice Cooper and I think that this album is just awsome. I  would probably have have cried tears of joy if Id been such huge fan when  it came out. This one really sounds like an updated version of the  incredible music he created in the period 75-78. Someone here wrote the  &quot;welcome to my nightmare of the 90s&quot; which i can really agree  with. There are a lot of great songs on this album......for example  &quot;Sideshow&quot;, &quot;Bad place alone&quot; &quot;youre my  temptation&quot; and &quot;stolen prayer&quot;. Its very near 5 stars.  4++++
B000002JSN|5.0|I am a big Led Zep fan, and this album joins Led Zeppelin II and IV as the best Led Zeppelin albums of all time.  I was persuaded to write an article when I noticed that some person gave it only 1 star.  This person obviously deserves a beating for such bad musical taste.  Ignore the bad review and  buy this masterpeice
B00000D9TQ|5.0|I am always thrilled to hear Phil Collins on the radio when I'm driving.  Finally an album came out with all the songs I know and love on it.  The only problem is that &quot;I Missed Again&quot; isn't on it.  Otherwise it  is a great CD full of the greatest Phil Collins songs out there.
B000002C4J|4.0|i own the cd and i love it. she has a great voice,but some of the songs aren't as good.
6300216268|1.0|One of the worst movies ever made.  I fell asleep through so much!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Just a great album....You have to LOVE &quot;Limp&quot;, &quot;Paper Bag&quot;, &quot;Fast As You Can&quot;, &quot;Get Gone&quot;, gosh just a great album.  Some of its dancy...some of its bluesy.  I love it!  Highly  recommend it to all music lovers!
B000031XCR|5.0|Hi Everybody!  I'm a huge Cline fan from Finland and I know that I will love anything she sings...but I can assure you that this is A GREAT album!  If you're not a fan now I'm sure after you listen this  CD you'll be one!   I know that I'll never ever will get bored of  the Cd even I'm listening it all the time...!   As I live in Finland  I haven't got a change to get much stuff about  Cline and I can't get to  the Millenium Concert...but still I believe that one day I'll meet Cline  and I can tell her how much I love her and her music...!  And maybe I'll  be a singer like I dream...and I have a honer to sing with Cline..!  I  guess I kind of jumed out of the subject...but if you are thinking buy or  not to buy...I have a answer...BUY!  The CD is  AWESOME..!  I love it and I love Cline...!  Je  t'aime,Cline! :O) luv,Salla:O)
0553213105|1.0|this book was poorly written and i had trouble getting over the first page! i woke up after 10minutes and then realised that i had fallen asleep! i would recommend ppl to keep away from such a horror~ it hasn't got the  right to be called a 'NOVEL'. i prefer lord of the flies. it's much more  riveting~ now that deserves 5* rating
6305064490|5.0|I have watched this movie easily 100 times (if not more) and it still makes me feel good about myself. If you are ever depressed an you think life is getting to you, a good dose of Frank Capra's classic will adjust  your attitude. This movie is more than about one man's struggle, it is the  struggle we all face everyday as Americans. The DVD version is great  because it has all the extras, including an interview with Frank that  confirms how proud he is to be part of this great country and the  opportunity that it brings.
0375707972|4.0|I was not disturbed by the detached narrative in The Reader by Bernhard Schlink, but believe he used it successfully to tell some truths.  The exposure of Hanna's illiteracy was not the point of the book, nor the  excuse for her behavior.  But I found it a warning of the far-field damage  that can occur when people are blinded by near-field issues.  At the same  time Hanna was spending so much energy trying to hide a flaw, she was also  an active participant in atrocities.  It would be easier to police the  world if pain was only caused by people with bad intentions, and asking  ourselves what we would have done in that same situation would have a  straightforward answer.  But if even good or neutral people/intents can  create so much harm, then we all have the potential for promoting harm.   And that is disturbing.
0671027344|4.0|I enjoyed this book on many levels.  Me being a high school student myself, I can really relate to the pressures and problems that Charlie faces. Charlie has many issues which he tries to figure out. Charlie goes  through many different changes that not many people I know could handle.  This story faces average issues of a so called &quot;teens life.&quot; Many  of us are and were confronted with pressures in sex, alcohol, sexuality,  and drugs. This story also deals with many adult issues that are hard to  stand and face. Charlie is only 16 years old and he has already have had to  deal with a friends suicide and the guilt that goes with it, watching a  rape take place and being frozen to do anything, child abuse and  molestation. Charlie deals with these problems the best he knows how,  sometimes facing it and other times wallowing in it. Charlie just wants  everyone and everything to be happy, even if he sacrifices his own  happiness for them to have it. Charlie is a great listener and doesn't want  anyone to be upset or mad at him. He tries to please people way too much.  Charlie does end up earning a bunch of great close friends. Charlie, at  times in the beginning would really annoy me. He was always constantly  crying, but not until later did I realize why, so I sympathized instead of  criticized. He truly does display a sense of braveness and maturity towards  the end of the book. I honestly look up to him. I recommend this book to  anyone who has ever questioned themselves.
0553213105|1.0|this book was poorly written and i had trouble getting over the first page! i woke up after 10minutes and then realised that i had fallen asleep! i would recommend ppl to keep away from such a horror~ it hasn't got the  right to be called a 'NOVEL'. i prefer lord of the flies. it's much more  riveting~ now that deserves 5* rating
0385493800|3.0|This work will not make you think, but it is a decent source of mindless entertainment. The story is predictable enough and seems to read like a movie.
B000002KOO|5.0|Then Play On is probably wilder and more melancholy than a couple other famous albums from 1970:  Lennon's \\"Plastic Ono Band\\" and Clapton's \\"Layla\\".  Peter Green was the finest guitar player of  his time outside of Hendrix and a very fine singer and songwriter as well.  His songs range from stiletto-sharp delta blues to something almost like  psalms or prayers.  The guitar playing is gut wrenching from start to  finish.  It takes 3-4 listens to digest this masterpiece and it's best done  in the middle of the night.  An honest hearing will convert most listeners  to the growing Peter Green 'cult'.<br /><br />For the eighteen months Hendrix was in a composing slump after his stupendous first three albums, the torch seemed to have been passed to Peter Green.  There were a handful of terrific Green singles (Albatross that influenced the Beatles' Sun King, for example) followed by this mid-1969 masterpiece.  And a final single in the spring of 1970, the stunningly spooky Green Manalishi.  At long last Rhino gets their chance to improve on the very hissy early digitizations of Then Play On.  The source tapes don't seem to be crystal quiet and this issue has some hair on it, but it's faithful to what the Mac produced.  Happily all the original tracks are included, plus the Oh Well and Green Manalishi singles.  Previously a trio of Kirwan tracks had been omitted in favor of Oh Well.<br /><br />Green sings beautifully and plays emotionally fraught guitar figures in his inimitable style on every track here.  The lyrics indicate a personal crisis and alienation so profound that you wonder how he managed to get the songs recorded.  Sure enough he quit the Mac at the peak of his accomplishments and never approached that level again (although he played some interesting music a decade later).  Kirwan contributes some very fine songs as well and completely fits into the prevailing mood; in fact a couple of his love songs were the original side openers.  Combine this with any set that includes the earlier Mac singles and with some collection of the early 1970 Boston Tea Party recordings and you'll find out what the Peter Green fuss is about.
B00002R0MC|5.0|I first heard this collection in 1992. Perfectly compiled. However, one popular track was omitted, Buffalo Soldier, what a shame!
1572700556|5.0|pride and prejudice must be the best book i have ever laid my eyes upon~! .. i was in suspense all the way through the novel. i would recommend this novel to everyone that has the ability to read. i think it  is really romantic how elizabeth and darcy start to realise their love for  each other. i would like to experience love like that some day too.. i am  planning to make a jane austen fan club. if u are interested in joining  please contact me on my email add: ilovejaneausten@hotmail.com
B000002MJC|5.0|This album has one of the best finishing songs of any in &quot;Higher love&quot;.  It's a religious anthem that leaves one in a state of trance.  As a whole this record goes far deeper into emotion than previous ones.   Throughout, there are some very emotional songs such as the depairing  &quot;Walking in my shoes&quot;, the sexual exploration of &quot;In your  room&quot; and of course the final crescendo &quot;Higher love&quot;.   &quot;Judas&quot; flashes images of a religious procession led by Jesus  wearing a crown of thorns.  &quot;Get right with me&quot; sounds like a  preacher desiring to be heard and for mankind to come together, a recurring  theme in Martin Gore's songwriting but here he's taken a different approach  with David acting out the part of the preacher speaking direct to the  masses.
B00002Z88D|4.0|I never owned a Metallica CD before. All I heard were singles from the radio. I thought I'd give this one the old college try and I was not disappointed. Although it's not the best album in my collection it is  definately great. The fusion is seamless. Go get it.
6304938241|4.0|I first saw this movie when it was in the theaters.  After much resistance, my girlfriend got me to go.  And to my surprise this was an excellent film.  Helena Bonham Carter is superb!  The story takes place in  turn of the century London.  But don't be fooled by that this movie is  something right out of a 90's soap opera (that's why the girls will love  it).  Helena and her boyfriend try to swindle a dying woman out of her  fortune.  Not to give too much away, but the boyfriend begins to fall in  love with the dying woman which creates the conflict.......but wait a  minute guys....this is for us also.  You have a gigilo who is playing with  two women.  Big money is at stake....and to top it all off the beautiful  Helena Bonham Carter gets buck naked at the end.  Not only that but she  crawls around that way for at least five minutes with tons of close up  shots.  So to conclude, guys pick this one up and watch it with your  girlfriend or wife.
6303430570|4.0|Kevin Smith's debut does come off as painfully amateurish at points, and is a touch awkward on the start up, but those are my only real qualms. Other than that, this is a highly entertaining, dialogue-driven, original,  crass, and generally rewarding comedy. Fans of Tarantino-style dialogue  (extensive philosophizing on extremely trivial things) will love this. Fun  stuff, and much better than the films Smith has done since, including  Dogma.
0385484518|5.0|I was moved by this real story. The book is full of messages to make me think about myself. It is very simple, heart-warming, thoughtful, beartiful, funny... It did inspire me. I wish I had a professor or mentor  like Morrie. This is definitely worth reading. I could take life's greatest  lesson because of you, Mitch Albom and of course Morrie. Thank you.
1567184855|5.0|Building upon the work of past life regression pioneers like Dick Sutphen, Newton has managed to produce possibly the most advanced text on soul theory. Students of metaphysics will no doubt gain much from this book.  Having studied this subject myself for a number of years, this book helped  me to finally solidify many of my own views and theories on the subject.  Newton's research should provide a lot of inspiration to those searching  for meaning in their lives. I can understand the skepticism that is rampant  in this field of study, but I am confident that Newton's work will be  regarded as one of the most important contributions to metaphysics in the  coming Millenium. Indeed, Newton clearly communicates that there is a  divine order to the universe that many of us are just beginning to  comprehend. Because this material can be so overwhelming, I suggest that  people who are new to this subject first read books written by Dick Sutphen  and then follow up with this book. Highly recommended.
B000002TQV|5.0|This is easily the best album of the nineties. No exaggeration. Every song is superb, from the snarling, thundering &quot;Just&quot; to the epic and heartbreaking &quot;Fake Plastic Trees&quot;, it touches all bases in  style. There are very few modern albums that people will still be talking  about in twenty years, but I'm convinced that this is one of them.  Those  'critics' who dismiss it as pompous and depressing obviously don't get it -  unlike 99% of today's one-hit wonders, Radiohead mean something, and their  creativity and musical passion (not to mention talent) is second to none.  Blur and Oasis don't even come close.
B000002LCI|4.0|I have really been getting into the music playfully dubbed &quot;80's euro trash&quot;.  I think that depeche mode is a prime example of this music persuasion.  Although I like the cure, Joy Division, and Bauhaus a little  more, I can say that I really love this group.  I first bought  &quot;violator&quot;  So I decided to try this album as well.  I liked this  album as a whole more than violator.  But I think that &quot;enjoy the  silence&quot; from the violator album was their finest moment.  I just can  sit and listen to this album from beginning to end.  I especially enjoy the  Bonus tracks that were added.  Id recommend this album to anyone.
0385484518|5.0|I found this novel to be one of the most moving I have ever read.  Mitch Albom is able to make the reader &quot;FEEL&quot;. I am anxious to read it again.
B000003H2Q|4.0|The one weakness in the multi-layered, hypnotic sound of My Dying Bride is that growl of a lead vocal.  While the guitars, keyboards and the stroke-of-genius violin transport you to a higher plane while delivering  killer melodies, the toilet-bound lead vocal brings the sound crashing down  back onto earth.  It's a shame, because this band has an upper hand over  about any other metal band in terms of lyrics, arrangements, imagery, and  elegance.  But in this case, a death-metal vocal doesn't work at  all.<br />That aside, the music has a grandness and majesty that transcends  the limiting confines of metal.  My Dying Bride does have a tendency to  meander -- instead of constructing disciplined songs, many wander into a  pattern and lapse into studio effects and weird noises (think Led  Zeppelin's &quot;Whole Lotta Love&quot;).  However, their panache at  composition and arrangement save them every time.<br />The Angel and the Dark  River serves beautifully as the soundtrack to a quiet night exploring your  own mind.
0141301155|5.0|Charlie and the Chocolate factory is a good book.It is funny and cool.It is my favorite book. Roald Dahl is the best author.He is cool
157330087X|5.0|First of all , I will give credit to all musicans who made this recording and how great they did it. There are nothing more to say,just look for your self,then you find out same as I did. Buy it now ! JT. Norway
0800196341|5.0|I SAW THIS MOVIE ON CINEMAX SEVERAL WEEKS AGO. IT'S REALLY A GREAT SHAKESPEARE MOVIE. HOWEVER,I THINK THE HEART-STIRRING ORIGINAL MUSIC ALSO TAKES A IMPORTANT ROLE IN THE FILM.
B000002HH9|1.0|It's easy to decide which Cure records (and Siouxie &amp; the Banshees records) you should buy; just look at the release date. If it's from the 80's, buy it. You can't go wrong. Both of these bands made wonderfull music  in the 80's. If it's from the 70's or the 90's (especially the 90's) just  don't waste your money. Yes, it's really that bad, and it pains me to say  it because I really am a huge fan. If these bands have the nerve to  continue to release music in the next decade, then we should be paid to  listen to it by the minute!
B00001QEBQ|3.0|I love Mulan but it is not worth paying the extra cost for this DVD just because it is Disney. There are NO extra features except trailers and music videos! We do get it in Widscreen but that is it! How disapointing that  Disney feels they can charge 10 or more dollars extra just for the  priviledge of owning this on DVD. It feels like they are punnishing us for  not buying the video!  How sad. I would not buy the DVD and complain to  Disney about their sneaky tactics! I am a huge Disney fan and can say  this!
0375707972|5.0|&quot;The tectonic layers of our lives rest so tightly one on top of the other that we always come up against earlier events in later ones, not as a matter fully formed and pushed aside, but absolutely present and  alive.&quot;<br />So reads one of the most profound quotes from a  book  deceptively straightforward.  It absolutely gave me chills as I read this  passage, precisley describing as it does that the sum total of our lives  includes everything that has happened in our pasts. <br />I found the setting  and plot of the book to be the perfect format for illustrating this  undeniable truth.  The Holocaust must be a cauldron of secrets, half-truths  and baldfaced lies for many people.  Some reviewers complain that we never  really get to know Hanna or Michael.  I disagree but even so, isn't it true  in real life?  How many people in our lives do we REALLY know? As I've  gotten older, I've become convinced that it is the human condition to keep  secrets about ourselves - especially FROM ourselves.<br />A fine novel. I  simply could not put it down and read it in a sitting, frequently going  back and re-reading passages. A deeply affecting novel on so many levels, I  highly recommend it to anyone interested in the complexity of the human  heart and soul.
B00000K19E|5.0|I bought Matrix a week age, but I have seen it 4 times already. Picture &amp; sound quality are perfect ! If you have a good sound system, turn it up and you will feel yourself in the Matrix too ! The &quot;Follow the  White Rabbit&quot; is excellent ! As well as the introduction to the  Bullet-time technique. There is no multi-angle view on the DVD, but the  movie itself is full of mult-angle views anyway. Unfortunately nobody can  be told how good the Matrix DVD is, you have to see it for yourself !
B00001QEE9|3.0|I love Pinocchio but it is not worth paying the extra cost for this DVD just because it is Disney. There are NO extra features except trailers. How disapointing that Disney feels they can charge 10 or more dollars extra  just for the priviledge of owning this on DVD. It feels like they are  punnishing us for not buying the video which has more extra features on it  then the DVD!  How sad. I would not buy either and complain to Disney  about their sneaky tactics! I am a huge Disney fan and can say this!
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Fiona Apple's sophomore release is a marked departure from the inconsistent 'Tidal.' From the whimsy of 'Paper Bag' to the restrained fury of the poorly titled 'Get Gone,' Apple displays her musical versatility in  a way that she did not in her first release. 'I Know,' an achingly  beautiful and intelligently written ballad and the album's only unequivocal  love song, concludes the album by leaving the listener with the realization  that Miss Apple is capable of being earnest after all.
B000021XR5|5.0|I must admit that I did not have high expectations for this album but now I must admit that STP has pleasantly surprised me.  EVERY song on this album is solid.  I can't say that about too many albums.  The only other  one that comes to mind is Soundgarden's Superunknown.  With that said,  &quot;I Got You,&quot; &quot;No Way Out,&quot; and &quot;Sex &amp;  Violence&quot; are the ones that stand out for me.  It's a relatively short  CD (a little over 40 minutes), and I listen to it in its entirety each  time.  I can't pick out just a few songs to listen to--I have to hear all  of them.   <br />Definitely worth buying, and it may become one of my all-time  favorites.  And I'm not even a big STP fan!
6305627401|5.0|South Park Bigegr, Longer, Uncut is a must for all the south park fans. As you know South Park is about 4 eight year old kids running around swearing. This movie is about the fart masters Terrance and Philip. All the parents  are against there kids watching the show, so they gather a group. And of  course all the kids want to watch the show so they also gather a group. In  the movie you will se everything from the Cartman special &quot;Kyles moms  a B**ch to Stans love  for Wendy. So sit back and enjoy South Park Bigger,  Longer &amp; Uncut. If you want to e-mail me about the review or something  else feel free to do it on Linkom@home.se
B000002GY9|5.0|This is my favirote album just topping the local Jackie Greene here in town.  They are very similar in style and in lyrical content.  Tom has something else about him, however.  Something that can melt the paint of  the Southern Pacific.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Yeah!Tallica rocks!so does the symphony.when i heard nothing else matters on channel V, i knew i must get this album.I did I'm listening to it right now.Hetfield's voice is the best and so's his playing,Lars as amazing as  ever,Kirk,the greatest guitarist on the planet,and Jason the most heaviest  bassist ever and the symphony under that Kamen guy,simply superb and  amazing.devil dance could have been better with guitars but hei its a small  price to pay.The new songs great.And its good day to be alive!Must buy!
B000002NE4|5.0|A very good album.  His best, in my opinion.  Comparable easily to Tom Waits, Dylan or Jackie Greene.  Very Cool.  Buy it.
0446525537|4.0|I enjoyed A Walk to Remember.  It was another triumph for Nicholas Sparks.  I becamed hooked on his novels with The Notebook.  I know I will become involved with the characters and I also know that I will end up with a box  of Kleenex before I finish.  The characters are slightly predictable but  they are real as well.  If you liked The Notebook or Message in a Bottle  you will also like A Walk to Remember.  My sister has mixed feelings about  the book, she didn't like it as well as the others but I was satisfied with  the story and will probably read it again, which is an indication of a good  read.
B000001FFJ|4.0|Tom Waits is truly the great american songwriter.  And this album is nearly a masterpiece.  I prefer some of his earlier work, but nevertheless this one is awsome.  I also sugest checking out a young artist by the name  of Jackie Greene, who is also a very talented songwriter.
0060254920|5.0|My 2 year old &quot;wild thing&quot; loves this book and has me read it to him over and over again. If you enjoy seeing your child's eyes light up with delight, read this book to him or her-it's a guaranteed hit!
B00000AFFF|5.0|What a team!  Burt Bacharach and Elvis Costello! I had been a long time Elvis Costello fan after I heard Jackie Greene sing one of his songs.  Now I am Bacarach fan as well!  This one is a must have for Costello fans.
B000021XR5|3.0|Well, I was dissapointed with this album, but it's not as bad as it could have been. I loved STP's first two albums, and was quite excited when &quot;Tiny...&quot; came out. That album really bombed. When I heard  &quot;Down.&quot; on the radio, I was quite excited about this album,  hoping they had gone back to their heavy, non-top 40 sound. And they have,  which is good, but the songs just seem uninspired, and the long choruses  about heroin bring the bad part of Scott Weiland into his music. I really  don't like hearing about how he is busted for heroin, and I don't want to  be reminded of it when I'm listening to STP. Overall, I would say this  album is worth picking up, but STP fans probably won't find this to be  their favorite.
B000002MG1|5.0|This disk is on my CD player right now, and I'm listening to &quot;Everybody Hurts&quot;.  I can listen to this song 1,000 times and love it (and I can watch the video on MTV 100 times and get all teary and  choked up every time).  &quot;Drive&quot; is astonishing in its musicality.  &quot;Man on the Moon&quot; is a great tribute.  Quite a few people in  Latvia, where I live, have had close encounters with REM, because Michael  Stipe has made himself very available to Eastern European reporters when  he's been in this neck of the woods.  I wish I had been one of them, 'cause  I'd just like to shake his hand and say &quot;Thank you&quot;.  &quot;Automatic for the People&quot; is simply magnificent.
0790739356|1.0|This is Kurt Russell's worst movie. A good portion of special effects and action can't overcome a rather boring, predictable storyline. Even the minor characters have more lines than he does!
B00000JPH5|4.0|Labyrinth is a visually impressive work that treads very softly on the fine line between children's fantasy and somewhat more mature material.  The basic plot of a disinterested older sister wishing her baby brother  into oblivion becomes the vehicle for an imaginative journey through a land  of elves, dwarves, goblins and assorted other fantasy creatures, all  handsomely brought to life by Jim Henson.  David Bowie is surprisingly  effective and multi-dimensional as the King of the Goblins.  This film  requires a bit  of attention in order to follow the rather complicated  search, but still provides an entertaining though not quite relaxing  experience.  Labyrinth is far from a classic but it does provide a very  interesting look at the world of fantasy creatures for enthusiasts of the  genre.
B000001EAQ|5.0|U2 is more than just a band. U2 is a group of people. Anybody who's seen &quot;Rattle and Hum&quot; will know that each album just is a &quot;snapshot&quot; of the band members at that time. As the guys mature  and change personally, so does their music. POP comes at a time when they  bought a club. Presumably, due to that acquisition, they became enthralled  with dance music. Hence POP was born. The same thing happened when they  stumbled upon blues and R&amp;B. Just look at &quot;When Love Comes to  Town.&quot;     Realize this. POP is more than just dance-styled U2 music.  It's very deep and introspective. &quot;Wake Up Dead Man&quot; is an  incredibly soulful quest for God in today's world. These guys have  constantly sought to explain and understand the world around them. This  album is yet another attempt to unravel the mysteries of life and love in  all their forms, good and bad. &quot;Please&quot; is perhaps the most  underrated song of the album. To me, it seems to be &quot;With or Without  You&quot; (WOWY) to the next level. WOWY is a somber cry for attention and  love whereas &quot;Please&quot; seems to be a desperate plea. IMHO, it's  far more intense in it's execution. U2 is always at their best when they  aren't trying to be a band, but are just trying to be humans, vulnerable  and exposed.      Ignore the negative reviews. U2 is a band whose essence  is captured primarily in their lyrics instead of their instrumentals, which  are still top notch. This album is a must. Not only for the hardcore fan  like myself, but for anybody who actually listens to the words. Their next  album will shift tones, back to their Joshua Tree roots, with Brian Eno on  board again. Hopefully, it won't be their last. As long as life continues  and changes there's hope that they'll still have stuff to say. Capture this  &quot;snapshot&quot; of their lives while you still can. It's really a  great album if you know how to listen to music as a whole.
B00000JPH4|5.0|Whenever the triple suns become one, something serious is about to happen.  The plot of this tale revolves around the quest of two young Gelflings to ensure that the something is for the good, lest the bad win forever.   Beneath all the trappings, this is a standard morality tale about the  struggle between good and evil, the need to persevere to accomplish one's  goals, and the all-conquering power of love.  That said, forget the  morality and let yourself get lost in the trappings.  The Dark Crystal is a  marvelous visual  experience with a stirring soundtrack, wonderfully  complex puppet creatures, and a smooth, quick pace that cements the viewer  to the screen.  The lead characters, Jend and Kira, are irresistibly  attractive in their appearance, their  innocence, and their almost naive  determination to succeed against impossible odds.  Yes, it's a fairy tale;  yes, it's totally predictable; and yes, it's worth watching again and  again.  The Dark Crystal is a wonderful film for both young and old.
B0000009TJ|5.0|This is definitely a good way to meet Mr. Zappa for the first time - onstage, with a great band, firing on all cylinders.  It also includes some sublimely anarchic fun.  Recorded in 1987, when Jimmy Swaggart was in  trouble for consorting with strange ladies, Zappa interrupts minutely  rehearsed songs and makes up new anti-Swaggart lyrics on the spot, while  his backing singers scramble to keep up.  (Lonesome Cowboy Burt is the  worst casualty, and also includes a sly dig at Laurie Anderson.)  A  brilliantly mad album.  Surely you can't resist a reggae version of Ring of  Fire?
B000007OY0|5.0|It's hard to imagine the film that exceeds this one in quality. If I were a member of the Academy, I would have voted this film Best Picture over &quot;Forrest Gump&quot; in 1994. The story is original, engrossing, and  ranges from funny to tragic, as it takes us through the trials and  tribulations of an innocent man sent to Shawshank Prison. The acting is  superb and the film ends magnificently. A must buy for fans of excellent  dramas.
0783113943|4.0|She is so believable as a supermodel!  And it's also believable that a heterosexual woman could find her attractive as well, as she's possesses a tough-yet-vulnerable eroticism that I found irresistable!  Her love scenes  with that other woman were done so very well, I wanted more more more!  Of  course, the tragic ending was expected, but it only added to what is an  excellent telling of Gia's rise &amp; fall.  I just hope Angelina Jolie's  career doesn't mirror Gia's, as she is just TOO HOT!   I want her BAD!
6303430570|4.0|After having seen &quot;Mallrats&quot; and &quot;Chasing Amy&quot; first, I finally found and rented &quot;Clerks&quot;, the first installment of Kevin Smith's New Jersey trilogy. I knew beforehand that it was  black-and-white and that Kevin Smith sold his comic book collection to get  the film made. Knowing that, I was already impressed. Though not as  outright slapstick humor-like as &quot;Mallrats&quot;, &quot;Clerks&quot;  is amusing...in that sickening sort of way. It is twenty-something  independent film at its best...complete with actors who are not in the  least &quot;quintessential Hollywood&quot; (and never will be). It took me  a second viewing of it to appreciate it as I do now. Don't let its  drawbacks detract you from renting or buying this movie. You'll find  yourself loving it without even knowing a valid reason why.
B000031XCR|5.0|This Artist that has been sent to us has done it again! This album 'ALL THE WAY' is a tribute for all us Celine fans.  Every SONG on this album has a secret treasure locked inside. It is the passion of a true singer from a  decade of long hard work and extreme love for her fans and of course the  love for music, LET'S ALL GIVE CELINE DION A STANDING OVATION for giving us  nothing but true dedication, sincerety, and great ballads that will be with  us forever through good times and bad!
B00000K19E|5.0|What can one say that hasn't already been said about this movie. See it with open eyes, or to have your eyes opened.<br />It does not matter whether the story could happen,  as some reviewers would have you believe. I don't  want to give anything away for those who have not seen the Matrix. I will  say, buy it, rent it, take it home... and if you have a good sound system,  crank it up as loud as you dare.<br />This is one of the most original movies  ever. &quot;The world as we know it has been pulled over our eyes to blind  us from the truth.&quot; This movie will make you think!<br />Excellent  picture and sound quality. A must see!
0679777547|5.0|Arturo Perez-Reverte strikes gold again with The Club Dumas.  Based on Dumas' masterpiece The Three Musketeers, Perez-Reverte weaves his own tale of rare book collecting and the history of the Muskeeteers.<br />While I  definitely suggest reading The Three Musketeers first, (I did not and every  so often lost track of the plot) the novel was still interesting without  any knowledge of Dumas' work.<br />All in all, this book is definitely worth  reading!
B00000IPAX|5.0|The great thing about this CD is the fact that every single song on it rules.  Its one of those CD's that you can play all the way through and jam with every song.  Get this CD, trust me it's worth your while
0441003257|5.0|I can't wait for Neil Gaiman and Terry Pratchett to team up again - I do not normally read books in this genre but after reading Neverwhere by Neil Gaiman and Good Omens, I have started to.  Unfortunately, nothing else  lives up the wit and sheer brilliance of Good Omens.<br />The characters are  well drawn, the writing is excellent and the plot is a riot - what else can  a reader ask for?<br />I found myself laughing aloud while reading this and  sharing certain sentences with others within hearing range.  I also tried  to give myself a limit on how much I could read each day to make this book  last.  It did not work so I am patiently waiting for Neil and Terry to team  up again.<br />This book is worth every penny and then some!
B00000263T|4.0|This was a real good album that could have been better were it not for the singer.  Udo's screaming gets to be like fingernails on a chalkboard and after a while you just want him to shut up and let the musicians take over.   No wonder they booted this ugly little elf out of the band.  He did a much  better job singing on Balls to the Wall.  Despite the screaming, the songs  are great, especially the title cut, midnight mover, and Living for  Tonight.  Put a muzzle on that little screaming creep and you'd have a  fantastic album instead of just a good one.
B00002Z88D|4.0|This CD was fun to listen to but probably won't stay in my player for long. It's a pretty good live show and James' voice isn't as screachy as it was on the recent DVD, but it had a few shortcomings.<br />First, they cut out  most of James' dialog with the audience. In my opinion, James' taunting is  a big part of a 'tallica show. Second, the production sounded a bit flat. I  had to really mess with my equalizer settings to get it to sound right.  Last, most of the songs are from Load and ReLoad, and well, I don't really  need to comment on that.<br />Standouts include Ktulu, Wolf, One, and Battery.  Wolf has never sounded better than with the symphony behind it. One is  great to hear the symphony just barely hanging on...but they pull it off.  Battery, I think, sounds much fuller and intense with the orchestra, almost  as if it should have always been that way.<br />All in all, I would recommend  the purchase.
B00000JCB3|5.0|Dude this cd has it all!  Fred is so hot!  And Wes with those funky contacts tops it all off!  Such hits as Nookie, Rearranged, and N 2 Gether Now get put on TRL all the time.  What will come next for this singing  sensation?  Topping charts and playing music loved by all is not hard for  these guys!  From all the skaters at TRMS-Keep jammin'!
B00000J7J4|5.0|Its a great Mixture of Artists along with the great sounds of Carlos Santans exceptional Mixes of Music from his Unique Style of Guitar Playing
0393038912|5.0|The original subtitle to this book was &quot;the history of everybody for the last 13,000 years.&quot;  But, Diamonds American editors thought that too dry for the US publication and gave it the rather silly current  subtitle.  The book is absolutely worth a read and while not a radical  departure from other works on the subject (McNiel sp?), it is much more  readable.
0792839846|5.0|This movie is a must see for any romantic that beleives in love.  From the first few minutes of this film to the last you are able to see and feel the wonderful love that is there forever between the two main charectors. You  can't help but want the two lovers to get together forever.  You will cry  at the ending and feel a little sad but you will want to see it again and  again.  I can't even begin to remember the many times I have seen this  movie and I will seeit again.  Thats the reason its a classic.  You can not  help but love this movie the very first time you see it.  Especially if  your a hopelessromantic.
B00000IFWE|5.0|TP &amp; the HBs are the Beatles for the 90s. Echo is his best work to date. The band is sublime. I'm like a boy in short pants, a man in a trance, and I've got something to say!
0385006896|5.0|This Sherlock Holmes collection remains an enduring classic that for those who love this take on Victorian England can be read and reread with great pleasure. A good part of that pleasure is the language and the mystique of  the time and place, but most of the pleasure, I suspect, comes from the way  Holmes's mind works. It is especially fun to view that mind through the  stuffy fog of Watson's narration. No matter how hard he tries to figure out  what is going on, Holmes is always several steps ahead of him - and the  reader as well.<br />The most fascinating aspect of these stories is the  strangely modern character that Conan Doyle created in Holmes, a mystery  man with an ill defined past, who plays the violin, possesses an  encyclopedic knowledge of odd minutia that only the FBI labs could fully  appreciate, thinks blindingly fast and always outside the box, is addicted  to drugs and strangely indifferent to sex (as far as Watson knows, anyway).  A far cry from what we have come to expect a detective to be, but SO  entertaining in these very artificial melodramas. These stories are so far  from what any kind of police or detective work have ever been that one  could dismiss them, except then we would miss the fun.
0767903811|1.0|Introduced to Bryson with &quot;Neither Here Nor There&quot; and &quot;Made in America,&quot; I used to be his no. 1 fan. His wit became a bit lacking with his stamina in &quot;A Walk in the Woods,&quot; and he's  just godawful with his latest effort. Granted, his audience with these  missives are some of the palest creatures ever created, those Brits who  make their minds up about America in an off-season weeklong trip to Miami  Beach. Bill used to be wonderful; to get him back to his old self, his  publisher should drop him in the middle of nowhere and let him write his  way out. Enough about junk mail and American supermarkets.
0374115370|3.0|I have been a Tom Wolfe fan for over two decades but continue to think that his real talent is for the essay and not for long fiction. Like Mailer, he seems to be able to string words together with unnerring skill  but has trouble sustaining a tight narrative. Mostly, for me, what kept  this book from coming alive was my dislike for the main characters. I just  didn't care what happened to them. Rather, nothing could be bad enough.  This is pure prejudice on my part, but I can't get past it. I hate these  folks - their lifestyle, their values, their friends, their work, their  entire social world - and I really don't want to read about them. Certainly  not read this many pages. Couldn't he have punctured the hero's little life  in half the number of pages and not left the reader so numb?
B00000DG1R|5.0|This was my first Duran Duran album, and I have to say it is great. I'm only 22 years old, but I still can remember hearing some of these songs on the radio when I was a kid. They are as good today as they were then. If  you grew up, lived through, or even thought about the eighties, you've got  to have this album!
B000003S1A|5.0|In a word, unbelievable.  I had just bought &quot;In the Court of the Crimson King&quot; and liked it so much, I wanted to try more KC.  &quot;Discipline&quot; had just come out, so it was what I picked up.  My  life has really never been the same from that point.  I couldn't believe  the syncopation of the two-guitar interplay, and what was that incredibly  deep, pumping bass sound?  I knew it wasn't a conventional electric bass.   I found out later when I saw the band play that Tony Levin was playing the  Chapman stick, which made bass-like sounds but seemed to have an infinite  low-end and unexpected upper register, too.  And then there's Adrian Belew,  the &quot;Twang-Bar King.&quot;  It was his amazing control of the whammy  bar and the animal noises coming from his guitar (not to mention his  singing) that truly made him the MVP of this album.  A lot of people  compared the 1981 KC sound to Talking Heads, which I guess is an okay  comparison, but the 1980's KC lineup of Fripp, Belew, Levin, and Bruford is  just an awesome display of pure talent that goes far beyond what David  Bryne and Company were capable of.  I particularly enjoy Elephant Talk, in  which Adrian makes the animal sounds, and The Sheltering Sky, a wonderfully  hypnotic instrumental that I wish would go on even longer than it does.   Thela Hun Ginjeet is pretty damn cool, too.  I agree with other reviewers  that Matte Kudasai is a great song... I even put that song on a couple of  my &quot;date tapes&quot; for use in the car.  Thank you, KC, for a  wonderful ride!
6304508611|5.0|Well, I know it's a horror movie, but even though the ending is thrilling and awesome to behold, I love this movie for everything that happens BEFORE Carrie snaps. Spacek does such an INCREDIBLE job portraying a broken, shy  16 year old (at 30!), that when her character finally starts to come out of  her shell, I always get all emotional! The scene where Tommy teaches her  how to dance is one of the most achingly romantic things I've ever seen on  film EVER. (I wish I could get that song) I'm right there with her as she  suppresses her disbelief and excitement to get up the nerve to dance with  him. It's so beautiful that it makes what happens next so much more  horrible!
B00003003R|5.0|As a life-long GNR fan, I have, to say the least, been more than a little excited for this album to come out.  Of course, I am still waiting for Axl's Chinese Democracy, but there is more than enough material on this  album to hold me over for awhile.  Besides the mind-blowing live  performances throughout the disks, the album is still a compilation ... but  the package lacks any attempt at liner notes.  I would have really enjoyed  seeing what year each performance was from and where it took place.   However, the pictorial spread which takes the place of the notes is a  fantastic representation of the band over the years.<br />Overall, this album  is a must get for hard-core GNR fans, casual fans, as well as for anyone  who is just curious.  Now, about that Chinese Democracy ...
B000002AVF|5.0|this is her greatest album, in fact correct me, all her album r great... she do it once and she can do it again, her voice is the greatest her writting is poetic and her songs r great...
B00001U0GQ|3.0|This DVD is a major disappointment. Mann has produced an expanded edit which loses much of the pace and rhythm of the original theatre presentation. Worse, there are several deletions, including the loss of  Clannad's &quot;I Will Find You.&quot; Hawkeye's &quot;Someday you and I  are going to have a serious disagreement&quot; comment to Duncan, on the  river after the thrilling ambush, has disappeared. Hawkeye's sarcastic wit,  not present in the Leather Stocking books, was a real winner in the movie.  Why then remove it. Earlier adverts for the DVD mentioned &quot;Director's  commentary.&quot; It is a real pity this did not materialise. I would like  to have heard more of the building and eventual burial of the fort. Perhaps  best to wait for Collectors edition.
B00003003R|5.0|This is the best live album I have ever heard.  GNR were the best band ever to walk this earth.  In these cd's you see what Hard American Rock n Roll is all about. AXL is the best front man of all time, with THE hard  rock guitarest of our time by his side.  There is no soft glam here.  Just  hard rock at it's peak.  NOEONE had, or will ever capture the power of GNR.   AMAZONLY, THE DO IN THE LIVE ERA!  <br />GNR WILL FOREVER ROCK!
B000002B2T|5.0|This is without question the best piece of art done by any side project. To compare it to any other band or member is to have no appreciation for great music. From Layne, Mike, Barret, the late Saunders, and some great  input from Lanegan this is a group of extremely talented musicians coming  together and giving their individual best. Not just one or two people. If  you think different maybe you should make sure you are listening to the  right group.
B000002W9Q|5.0|This album is absolutely awsum ! the music is so romantic but at the same time it makes you want to get up and dance like in the movie! This is also my favorite movie and it's the best movie! the singers are also talented  and the songs really move me! Buy this album and I guarantee you won't  regret it!
6304119046|5.0|Seldom, before or since, have American producers or directors been successful in tapping into the mutidimentionality of the human psyche.  Welles, one of the great experimentors of American cinema, did so  extravagantly with Citizen Kane. Though the politics of the day almost  killed it, Welles left the world a tremendous legacy. The American film  consumers of his day, as well as today, tend to prefer melodramatic  morality plays in which there is a &quot; good guy&quot; and a &quot; bad  guy&quot; in order that their personal sensibilities will not be upset. If  your favorite film is STAR WARS, don't waste your time or emotions with  Kane. But, if you are not bothered by the notion that the &quot;good&quot;  and the &quot;bad&quot; may reside within the same character, by all means,  treat yourself to this feast.
B000000XB9|5.0|Great selection of their best songs, because these really are. For old fans~this is a great cd to have if you don't want to have to keep changing cds in and out of your player to hear your favorite songs. For new fans~  this is a great cd to get to experience creedence clearwater. This band is  one of the best of rock and roll, and any rock and roll fan should own this  album. WAG
B000001FMC|5.0|Most people only remember Swing Out Sister's pop hit &quot;Breakout&quot; from this album.  Audiences who embraced that single were not ready for the smooth sophisticated sounds which truely defines Swing Out Sister.  Their  successful blend of jazz, r&amp;b, and pop makes this CD a classic.  Corrine's uniqe vocals are refreshing, and adds an extra sparkle to this  gem.  This group ranks up there along with the timeless sounds of Sade, and  Basia.
B0000062GK|5.0|After a rather disappointing attempt at the blues with the previous self-titled &quot;Joe Satriani&quot;, he zaps his guitar back into electronic gadgetry (as it should be) and delivers the goods with this  album. Clearly showing some musical evolution, this is his best effort to  date. Rock on!
6304806442|5.0|This film is very well made. The screenwriting is absolutely first rate and the soundtrack/score is excellent! All the roles are acted very competantly, some extremely so. I enjoyed the way that the surrealistic  sequences blended seamlessly into the realistic sequences without any overt  indications. There are many memorable characters in this film and it is a  tribute to the writer that MacGregor's character (is it Renton?) is deep  enough to evoke feelings of disgust, pity, admiration, strength, insanity,  clear-headedness, and much more. <br />People who have not seen this movie  need to be warned that the subject matter (heroin addiction, with added  sex, violence, and squalor) is portrayed sometimes very graphically and  some of the scenes may effect some viewers so negatively so as to render  the movie unwatchable.
B000002LCB|4.0|Although ostentatiously &quot;80's&quot; with its use of synthesizers, the soundtrack for the hysterical movie and brilliant novel, &quot;The Princess Bride&quot; is a treasure.  The music, so perfectly composed for the film,  evokes memories of every single action.  While listening to the opening  strains, one can imagine, nearly in perfect sync with the movie, Westley  saying, &quot;As you wish.&quot;  While listening to the swordfight, one  recalls every slash, parry and thrust (not to mention every quip, swing and  switch.).  &quot;The Princess Bride&quot; plays like a silent film's  orchestration, galloping hoofbeats, trumpeting the hero, flitting alongside  Buttercup.  The CD is a perfect way to &quot;watch the movie&quot; in the  office or in the car, no matter how &quot;incontheivable&quot; such a  proposition may seem.  Enjoy...or prepare to die.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This album, although it is not the conventional Rage, deffinately rocks!  Guerilla Radio is the most ingenious single in a long time.  Born of a Broken Man is a rocking song and very different.  The weird sounds from the  guitars continue to add a unique aspect to the music.  Rage has done it  again.  ROCK ON!
B000002UA0|5.0|To people who are only educated in Floyd's popular stuff from the 70s and forward, this album will be a shock. It's very unique compared to their more common music. But it's DIFFEREN'T not worse. This is a great album of  historical value for any TRUE floyd fan but otherwise meaningless to the  uneducated floyd follower. But for folks that have barely heard any pink  floyd music at all, this is a perfect album to start with. If you are  interested in floyd DO NOT go out and get Dark side of the Moon right away.  Learn to enjoy their earlier stuff first and then DSotM will be a lot more  meaningful.
B00001U0DP|5.0|Words cannot express how beautiful this film truly is.  Roberto Benigni will show how life is really beautiful.  Being swept away to the concentration camps in WWII and still being able to find moments to laugh  and take his five year old son out of the camps with only imagination.   When I get frustrated at the little things in life, all I have to do is  think of this film to realize how lucky I am.  This is the only film that  has ever made me cry by just thinking about it.
B000002UA5|4.0|A fantastic album, A great representation of the Early, psychedelic pink floyd. Everybody has different opinions about the studio disc, personally I love it. It's not nearly as bad as all the horrible reviews make it seem.  As for the Live cd, well the only negative thing about it is that it is way  too short. A must buy for any floyd fan or psychedelic fan
020161622X|5.0|Working for a software development company, programming is life or death. I am recommending The Pragmatic Programmer to our junior developers so that they will have a great tool to be successful.
0780020685|4.0|What can one say about this movie that hasn't already been said?  It's an amazing, classic work that holds one's attention consistently, regardless of its length.  The picture is as crisp and clear as it can be, given the  well-known dearth of good prints of the film.  So, I'll reserve my main  comments to the supplementary material.<br />First, the trailer included on  the DVD is short, sweet, and a good peek into the world of 1950s Japanese  trailers.  I'd never seen a trailer for a Japanese film of that era before,  and this was a nice treat.  Nothing spectacular, but I'm glad it's on the  DVD.<br />Second, the commentary.  It was, by and large, interesting, but too  often distracting.  Many of Michael Jeck's comments on Kurosawa's family  history, the Japanese studio system, and Kurosawa's marriage are of  incidental interest to the movie at hand and probably should have been  consigned to a second interview with Jeck (or a booklet contained with the  DVD).  Yes, Jeck's comments about specific shots are fascinating to anyone  with more than a passing interest in how films are constructed, but his  choices for scenes to comment on seem somewhat haphazardly chosen.  Why,  for instance, is so much of the last third (the most action-packed,  visually stunning third!) of the movie accompanied by commentary that has  nothing to do with what's on the screen?  Jeck has an enormous knowledge of  Kurosawa and Japanese cinema, but his comments for this particular DVD  should have been more directed to what we were seeing on  screen.<br />Additionally, a personal quibble: Jeck makes a big deal about  almost everything the wonderful Toshiro Mifune does on screen, but very  little about the (arguably) equally-wonderful Takashi Shimura.  Jeck treats  the film as though it's all Toshiro's show, and I think that's a disservice  to the fine Mr. Shimura.<br />Overall, this is the crown jewel of my personal  DVD collection.  Minor disagreements with Jeck's commentary aside, it's a  real treat for any lover of Kurosawa's work or movies in general.real treat for any lover of Kurosawa's work or movies in general.
6304708521|3.0|OK, OK.. I'll give it another chance.  I've only watched this movie once... 15 years ago, after which time I felt no need to ever see it again.  This, from a guy who's a bigger Beatles fan than Aunt Mimi.  However, I've  always thought the &quot;Walrus&quot; video was ground-breaking.. the  &quot;Fool&quot; segment intriguing.. and even the &quot;Your Mother Should  Know&quot; number well-orchestrated.  Now my 7-year old son is asking for  more Beatles stuff.. so here goes... OK.. GIVE IT TO ME ON DVD, BABY!    (Then I can always just punch to &quot;Walrus&quot; and skip the rest)   Plus, I guess it IS kind of funny when Ringo's aunt tells him to shut up on  the bus and he goes ballistic!
B0000029AP|5.0|This is one of the best aerosmith album, followed by Pump and Rocks (with all the respect to all aerosmith's fans). I can't tell which is my favorite toys song because all of them are excellent in it's own style.
0393314804|2.0|While the film version of Trainspotting presents a rather slick, humorous version of Mark Renton's life with the needle, the book devotes perhaps a third of itself to a more realistic one.  For example, Diane has no  condoms, and Renton is raped while he's passed out by a dirty, neurotic  man.  Its scope is much larger than the film's, encompassing perhaps three  times the number of significant characters, and weaving their stories  together in a way that keeps the reader feeling as confused as nauseous.  I  liked it on the whole, but too much of it felt disjointed and irrelevant  for me to really enjoy it.
B0000029AL|4.0|With a very few money they did a very good album with a solid base of R&amp;B and clear rock 'n' roll. I think that the best songs are: Dream on, Mama kin &amp; Walkin'the dog. If you don't have it yet, buy it, because  maybe tomorrow the good Lord will teake you away!
0684867621|3.0|To the readers who came before me and said this book was boring, I must disagree. I think Stephen King's true talent lies in his ability to get inside a character's head and give a sometimes creepy, often hilarious  account of what they are thinking. This is a great example of that talent.  It's a simple story without a lot of flash, but I never found it boring.  &quot;A good read.&quot;
B0000039QP|4.0|Not as good as Ready to Die. It has some great songs on it. However, it also has some pretty bad songs on it. The Bone Thug song was cool, however, he didn't do anything with them that was as good as Thug Luv. (Pac did that  one)I like the song You're Nobody(Till' Somebody Kills You)
B00003003R|5.0|As a GNR big fan, I must say that &quot;Live Era&quot; is an awesome CD. All songs are very well recorded, and it reminds me the concert I saw at December 92 in So Paulo City, that was worderful!<br />From that year to  nowadays, I still keep loving GNR, not only because of the songs, but  mainly by the energy and talent of all GNR members.<br />Is there anyone that  miss  Slash and Axl duals around the world, just a little bit?  Difficult...<br />About the CD, I only miss &quot;Civil War&quot;, &quot;Live  and Let Die&quot; and &quot;The Godfather Theme&quot;. But the rest of the  songs make this CD one of the best GNR CDs ever recorded.<br />Check it out!
B000002U82|5.0|This is no doubt the greatest piece of music ever created.  The lyrics, the music, the meaning, everything about this album is amazing.  You can say there were other groups out there during '73 when &quot;Dark Side of  the Moon&quot; came out that were perhaps more popular, but I can guarantee  you nothing can even compare to the huge meaning behind the music.  I  encourage you if you don't have it to get it and listen to the entire album  all at once as a whole. You're not supposed to listen to the songs  individually, the album has a larger purpose than that.  All the songs  intertwine, lyrically and musically, and all talk about things related with  the point of the album which is summed up in the last song  &quot;Eclipse&quot;.  This is simply a must have, nobody has every done  anything remotely like it. It's deep, it's artistic, it's meaningfull, it's  music as it should be: art.
B0000214F2|5.0|I laughed the whole movie. It had everything. Humor, romance, and sadness. I highly recommend this one. It pulls at your heart.
B00003003R|5.0|Well, with the exception of it's alright (a black sabeth cover) which features Axl alone at the piano and is flat out marvelous, actually it's my favorite track on the album.  The rest of it is nothing new except in how  it was recorded.  Things could be changed to make it a bit clearer and more  polished but lets not forget this is a LIVE album and a wonderful one at  that!  I was shocked when I couldn't help but like it more than the  Aerosmith live production.  I find this album more diverse and exciting!   I'm sure you will too, take my word for it and purchase this album it will  be the best money you've spent in a long time
6302642256|4.0|Wonderful movie for kids and adults alike.  It's a kids' movie, but grownups will enjoy this one with as much child-like enthusiasm.  Two hours of innocent fun &amp; adventure!  Wish I could find a few to buy for  friends and self.
078062565X|5.0|After growing up watching all of the great stop motion films that were influenced by King Kong, I've finally seen the big K itself.  I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the animation -- it was quite  sophisticated and is always effective.  The story starts a bit slow, but  after the first 25 minutes, the action gets going and doesn't let up until  the credits roll.  The film is somewhat dated:  the character of Charlie is  a horribly racist stereotype, and Fay Wray's character spends much of the  movie screaming, waiting for some man to rescue her.  In spite of these  minor quibbles, King Kong remains a poignant love story, an incredibly  entertaining adventure film, and a film worthy of its spot on the AFI top  100 list.
B00001YVDW|4.0|This is not a flawless album. The Who never made a perfect, co-hesive album. But this album contains two absolute gems : &quot;Baba O'Rielly&quot; and &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot; which power forth out  of the speakers to floor the listener. Pete Townsends' guitar work is  outstanding, Roger Daltrey is in fine vocal form, and this is backed up  with the dynamic drums and rolling basslines of Entwhistle. A great slice  of English rock from the 70s. Hey, it only costs the price of a few bargain  meals at Mcdonalds. Support the Who and buy this record. If you are in any  human, you'll like it.                          moz_one@hotmail.com
B000002UD0|4.0|This is a much better produced album than Mind Games, but, other than #9 Dream, lacks a truly memorable melody. The increased subtly and clarity of the production help to make up for the lack of melody and harmony, and thus  make a much more listenable album than Mind Games. But Mind Games has  better songs. Check out I Know, One Day at a Time, Ausimasen (I'm Sorry),  Intuition, Out the Blue and even Mind Games.  The problem is the muddy mix  and cluttered arrangements that get in the way of the songs. Walls and  Bridges solves that problem, but the songs seem more pedestrian, except for  the wonderful #9 Dream, which is classic Lennon.
B000002BBY|1.0|Dangerously over-rated, Oasis managed to fill a huge gap in the British rock market by acting like they were fantastic. If you have any sort of record collection, and your brain is not wasted, then you will have much  better records by far better acts in your collection. There are one or two  good songs on this album: Don't look back in Anger and  Champagne Supernova  - that's about it. The rest is fodder for feeble-minded fools. Yes,look,  the emperor is wearing no clothes. If you've ever seen this band in concert  can you  honestly say that they were in any way entertaining? They will  have their place in pop history, but please look at the bands they even  take from : Beatles, Stones, Who, Sex Pistols: can Oasis honestly match  them? No. Thankfully, America didn't buy into this hyped nonsense; the US  considers them (rightfully) to be  soft, lightweight pretenders. <br /> The  band themselves cannot believe their success but are clever, very clever,  to suggest they always knew they would be huge. Wake up! See this for what  it is...a lot of style but very little substance.
B000002UC5|4.0|Those who attack this album because of its laid back feel, instrumentals and &quot;unfinished&quot; feel are attacking exactly what makes this album so charming. Those who say that this is McCartney's &quot;Plastic Ono  Band&quot; might have a point. McCartney was determined to avoid the  grandiosity of the Pepper/Abbey Road productions and went for an honest,  homespun feel. It allows the melodies and McCartney's instinctual  musicianship to come to the fore. This album has a lot of charm, and is  still one of my favorite McCartney albums to listen to. I wouldn't want to  listen to Maybe I'm Amazed in any other context.  It works so well here.
B0000025HU|5.0|&quot;When phoney Beatlemania has bitten the dust...&quot; cries Joe Strummer from the opening track &quot;London Calling&quot;. I don't know about the U.S., but here in the UK we ARE drowning from the tenth-rate  phoney Beatle-worshipping Oasis. How we deserve it! The Clash were knocked  by us from the moment they arrived. It's only in retropsect that we realise  that there will probably never be a band like this again. And never an  album of this quality. Every track is brilliant. Why? Because the guys who  made it were fundamentely cool, calm and collected. They could rock. They  had funk and flavor because they absorbed reggae, jazz and dub. The lyrics  are intelligent but not dull. The guitar work on this album showed how  talented Mick Jones is as a songwriter, but he didn't have to add  layer-upon-layer of gloss to prove his worth. Most of all, the Clash knew  how to present an album, present an idea, present themselves. Take most  every band and they lack in some crucial department. Take the Clash apart  and they still stand up. This is an outstounding album. Trust me. All we  have now on offer is watered-down weak-willed wannabes. London Calling -  don't have no fear.
0899663036|5.0|There are a few books that I always, always return to (Gone With The Wind, Rebecca, and others) and &quot;Tree&quot; goes into this category without a doubt.  I don't know how many times I've read it in the 15 years since the  first time I read it, but every time I pick it up, it's like coming home  again. I have read Betty Smith's other books, and I was disappointed with  them.  Nothing could compare with the richness of &quot;Tree&quot;.  I wish  a more recent film were made of this book.  Ignore the reviews here that  insult &quot;A Tree Grows in Brooklyn,&quot; because this book is like  sinking into a big comfortable sofa for a long talk with a friend you  haven't seen in years.
B00000JNO2|5.0|The best ?, I think so. The hard driving beat, soul searing guitar rifts and the gut wrentching vocals make this Lynard Skynard album the best of the lot.
B00000K31Q|5.0|10 things is the best movie ever seen espcailly Larisa she is awsome in this flick.  How she does different things in this movie.  the other stars were great in thier roles. The only resaon because  I hage fan of Larisa.   I think out of this whole year two best highschool was American Pie and 10  things I hate about you.  Go see Larisa new movie next year called 100  girls of course she will be great in it and hot of course.  She needs to be  on thrid rock more. Larisa is going to be one of greatest  actress  in the  next century and she knows to speak well.
B000002JOH|5.0|I dont know how long you guys have been around but as for Metallica selling out, that is a bunch of BS. Everytime Metallica released an album it goes through this critisizm. People thought that they sold out when they  released Lightning. Same thing happened with just about all there other  albums. Now Vulgar is one hell of an album. It gets me so pumped.
B000001PE4|5.0|I am a big Miles fan. I first became aware of this recording from a radio brodcast. Having Miles' rhythm section didn't hurt my decision to buy the cd.  I was very pleased. It is one of my favorite and most played cd's.   Art has a sweet and smooth sound that just flows effortlessly. I suspect  that the unrehearsed nature of the music brings to it a sponinaity that I  found appealing. I can not belive a jazz fan would be displeased with this  selection.
0671015206|5.0|Many people forget that this book says in the beginning that it interviews the millionaires.  This is basically a statistical average of how many people in this country got to be wealthy.  One critic says Bill Gates did  not become rich by pinching pennies.  Well he did not start out rich.  He  got there by using his money wisely.  This book is about what people do to  spend money wisely.  It has started to change my habits. I am now looking  at used cars instead of new.  These little things make a difference.  I do  not use credit cards to fund my hobbies. I actually save now instead of pay  debt.  In ten years at the rate I am going I will be financially secure to  the point of retiring.  This book is not about the most outspoken rich but  about the average person who does not waste money on trinkets.  A person  could learn a lot just by understanding why the people in this book are  better off than the reader.
B000001FI7|3.0|I first heard &quot;Glory Box&quot;, track 11, on the Craft soundtrack. I knew I had to find this album. Beth Gibbons has the most haunting voice I've ever heard. It's cool and rough at the same time. Although the album  has some weak spots, songs like &quot;It Could Be Sweet&quot;,  &quot;Wandering Star&quot;, and &quot;Roads&quot; are amazingly  captivating. The best two songs are &quot;Glory Box&quot; and my favorite  so far, &quot;It's a Fire.&quot; It's one of those songs you could cuddle  up in bed and cry to.
0385484518|5.0|The book beautifully articulated the missing spiritual elements our society grapples with.
B000002N3J|5.0|This album tryly proves that Madonna isn't just about sex and publicity. She actually can sing and write songs. Maybe the way she chooses to express herself is a little different to others, but who is anyone to judge. She'a  just living out her dream, whilst making us think about our own jujments  and values. She is truley a icon of the 90's as well as the 80's. I think  it would be a good isea for her to release an album of her greatest dance  hits seeing as though she has already released one with her ballads. If you  agree, please email me.
6304124988|5.0|I agree with everyone else here.  My 20 year old daughter asked for The Sound of Music for Christmas and I can't find it anywhere!  Any ideas or suggestions our there for getting this re-released?  Maybe they are waiting  for the 35 year anniversary.
0790733226|5.0|this movie is certainly no garbage!  it's a masterpiece!  for people who didn't like it just because it's about scientific facts and spiritual beliefs mixed together in a pot. my only word to them is &quot;sorry&quot;,  you people are just too pious to accept it, or should i say  &quot;narrow-minded&quot;? for people who just didn't like the ending,  perhaps i can try to enlighten you a bit. this movie is not a contradiction  between scientific facts and spiritual beliefs, as you might think at  first. it's a compromise between these two fields that have been opposing  each other for as long as they exist. for people who are just looking for  pure sci-fi, this movie might not satisfy. for people who are looking for  pure spiritual stuff, forget it. this movie is for open-minded people.
0553213105|5.0|If you've ever been in love this book will certainly make youfall in love all over again.  I've read it so many times for so manyreasons that it's impossible to express all of my feelings.  This book should be mandatory reading for all teens.  Many people have a hard time dodging love's pitfalls. This book helps in understanding that love is a game.  There are winners and there are losers in this book.
0790733226|5.0|this movie is definitely no garbage!  it's a materpiece!  for people who didn't like it just because it's about scientific facts and spiritual beliefs mixed together in a pot. my only word to them is &quot;sorry&quot;.  you people are just to pious to accept it, or should i say  &quot;narrow-minded&quot;? for people who just didn't like the ending,  perhaps i can try to enlighten you a little. this movie indeed has a genius  ending. it 's not a contradiction between scientific facts and spiritual  beliefs. quite the opposite, it's a compromise between the two which have  been opposing each other for as long as they exist. for people who are just  looking for pure sci-fi, this movie might not satisfy. for people who are  looking for pure holy stuff, forget it. this is a movie for open-minded  people.
0671578278|5.0|I've read all of the Miles Vorkosigan books and I must say they just get better.  This book is classified as science fiction but it could have just as easily been called a romance or general fiction. <br />We find Miles where  we left off with him from the last book, 'Komarr', still helplessly  infautated with the lovely widow Ekaterin.  How appropriate that the title  of the book is 'a Civil Campaign' because Miles' courtship of the widow is  done in typical Miles style -- as a military campaign. And in typical Miles  fashion he is...overwhelming.  But before he can complete his strategy of  getting the girl Miles must vanquish a political foe intent upon damaging  his reputation by accusing him of murder.  Mark, Miles' troubled clone  brother, makes an appearance with a new friend whose new 'culinary'  invention creates havoc in the Vorkosigan household.  And in the meantime,  Miles still has to participate in all the tedious round of socializing that  preceeds Gregor's wedding.<br />There is so much stuff in this book that you  can't put it down.  Ms. Bujold introduces a couple of fascinating new  characters as well as reintroducing us to and enrichening some of our old  favorites.  <br />The highlights of this book are many, but I especially loved  Miles' comically doomed dinner party, Ivan's continued proof that he's no  idiot and the wonderfully satisfying clamatic scene at the Council of  Counts.  And I always cry at weddings!
0553296981|5.0|Anne's diary hits your heart right on. With wisedom beyond her years, a fighting spirit to survive, and intelligence, Anne has created one of the greatest literary masterpieces of all time. Anne with her smile, her big  dark eyes, that black, thick hair, her vivacity, her cleverness, her  spirit, has us all fascinated with her legacy and horrified at her fate.  'Why?' one can only inquire desperatley, one who, like me, is so young (14  years old), and it is hard to imagine ourselves enduring the fear and  degredation that Anne did. On the contrary, Anne created a cheerful profile  of herself, which continues to this very day to uplift everyone across the  world to new heights. I love you, Anne.
0767802470|5.0|This film is a masterpiece.  You can feel the fear of the crew as you will them to surmount the insurmountable.  The ending has the same pathos as the ending in 'All Quiet on the Western Front' .  War is hell, and this film  doesn't let you forget it.  The echoes from this film will haunt you.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Every song on this CD is the ultimate Santana!  Its been a long time, and I've been a pure fan since the 70s!  and I am proud of it!  Santana is still alive and at his ultimate peak! Although every song is exceptional,  My favorite is Love of My Life. #2
B00002Z88D|5.0|At first i was a bit weary about listening to Metallica playing with an orchestra, but once i heard the sound coming out of the speakers i knew i liked it.  This is now my favorite Metallica CD.
B000006E17|5.0|Truly a great film: I would place it in my Top 10, and I've seen a lot... To me as a Christian, this is about God and the man's longing for Him. What?  Where do you see God in Salo? - you might ask. Well, it's really  possible to make film about God, showing the opposite - the Hell. It  depends on the author's approach. The Pasolini's attitude is sincere and  poignant - what it lacks absolutely is cynicism.
1561005533|5.0|I've said this so many times before: I love this book so much. It's my ultimate favorite. It's so thrilling and after reading it, I got a feeling of, &quot;Oh....Wowwwwwww! &quot; It's great. Truthfully though, I have  NOT read the whole thing! It's so annoying....I saw a copy of it in a  library before, read it (but unfortunately, I haven't read the whole  thing), and then fell in LOVE with it. This is so great.....I intend to buy  my own personal copy soon. I mean, it's good enough to own it (I only buy  books sometimes, you see, which is why I have made this statement).  No...it's not just good....it's extraordinary and simply enticing and  wonderful! I looooooooove the character of Memnon/Tamose. He sounds like  such a brave, strong, and handsome man. Such a wonderful character that  Wilbur Smith created.......;))))))))) &lt;--(big smile) Ahem. I first heard  about 'River God' from a friend of mine who is an aspiring egyptologist and  some weeks (or months?) later, I found it. Now, I love it so much. (well,  i'm not really an egyptologist or egypt expert or something but my interest  in Egypt started a few months ago because of a certain movie i saw....'The  Prince of Egypt')  I also saw 'The Seventh Scroll' but I love RG even more.  7th Scroll is BORING!  I mean, it's already set in MODERN egypt but i  prefer ancient egypt since it's something i don't experience everyday! how  annoying! and i thought that 7thS was going to follow up on Memnon's life  as a pharaoh!  BUT still.....SS is wonderfully written, no doubt. In  conclusion, I'd like to say that Smith is a great author! He is so  descriptive and his descriptions make me MELT!  GO WILBUR SMITH!   And.....'River God' forever!
0393312836|4.0|Burgess, like Camus, has the ability to take a subject, like youth, and push it to its logical extreme.  All kids, and especially the children of today, are faced with choices about sex, drugs and violence.  Burgess shows  both the danger of the presence of these choices as well as the danger of  their absence, all in the same novel.  Like Golding, Burgess is intelligent  enough to know that by making children the protagonists of his work, he  forces the reader to consider man's underlying nature.  If all you have to  say about this book is, IT WAS VIOLENT, or, I GAVE UP AFTER A FEW CHAPTERS,  then do everyone else a favor and spare us your review.
0792839846|5.0|Why can't this gem be remade?      It can't be remade because no international cast could ever be assembled which could approach the talent and grace of the original, ecletic ensemble: American Humprey Bogart,  Swedish Ingrid Bergman and John Qualen, Czeckoslovakian (I believe) Paul  Henreid, French Claude Rains, Marcel Dalio, Curt Bois, and the exquisite  Madeleine LeBeau, British Sidney Greenstreeet, German Conrad Veidt and S.Z.  Sakall, Hungarian Peter Lorre, Russian Leonid Kinskey, and Helmut Dantine  and Dan Seymour (wherever they were from?).     It can't be remade because  we're too far removed from it's World War II setting and we're much too  worldly and cynical to appreciate it's compelling naivete.     It can't be  remade because it was a moment in time. And time is the one thing we  haven't learned how to recapture. The movie was being written and rewritten  daily. There were at least half a dozen endings considered. Humphrey Bogart  was the THIRD choice for Rick (after Ronald Reagan and George Raft). Ingrid  Bergman was the FOURTH choice for Ilsa (after Hedy Lamarr, Ann Sheridan,  and Michelle Morgan). It was shot in a few days at the Culver City Warner  lot. They were trying to get a new song written for Rick and Ilsa's song  but finally settled on the old standard, &quot;As Time Goes By.&quot; Such  spontaneity can only occur once.     And what about the priceless lines  uttered by those unique characters? Not only the well-worn, &quot;Round up  the usual suspects; you played it for her, you can play it for me; this  could be the beginning of a beautiful friendship; but....     &quot;How  careless of you throwing away women like that; some day they may be  scarce.&quot;     &quot;This is the customary roundup of refugees,  liberals, and, of course, beautiful young girls for Captain Reneaud.&quot;       &quot;Naturally, there will be some incidental expenses.&quot;        &quot;I'm shocked, shocked to find out there is gambling going on  here&quot; (&quot;Your winnings, messieur&quot;).       &quot;Give Major  Strasser the best table, one next to the ladies.&quot; (&quot;I have  already given him the best, knowing he is German and would take it  anyway&quot;).       &quot;If he gets a word in, it will be a major Italian  victory.&quot;       &quot;I don't mind a parasite; I do object to a cut  rate one.&quot;        &quot;What kind of a man is Captain  Reneaud?&quot;...&quot;Just like any other man, only more so.&quot;      These lines cannot be outdone. Redelivering them would not do them justice.  Altering them would be a sacrilege.     And how could the ambience of the  movie be duplicated in this high tech world of special effects? The very  simplicity and sincerety of the movie is out of place in this era where the  world has drawn so close (in a remake, would Ilsa's goodbye letter to Rick  be e-mailed or faxed?)     Not to mention: who in the world could play the  parts? Yes, I suppose that Rutger Hauer could make a credible Major  Strasser. But who could play Rick? Most Bogart roles are remade with  Harrison Ford. But isn't he just a bit too frivolous and  devil-may-care to  sell the part of a devastated, spurned lover whose anger and resentment  displays itself as cynicism and reclusiveness?  Richard Gere is one who  could probably do it, but then who would be Ilsa? - Julia Roberts?     Not  to mention the problem of finding the myriad of distinctive and timeless  character actors who populated the original set.     So how about this  time, JUST this one time, why don't we leave this treasure alone? Let's  just preserve it in its original, pristine form so that it can be  experienced to its fullest degree by future generations?     And who knows?   Maybe in some distant time, the world will return to the magnificent  naivete that wrought this masterpiece in the first place.
6303014100|5.0|Not until I watched Gettysburg on TNT the first time, was I even interested in the Civil War. After seeing this epic on television, I immediately ran out and purchased the video. Soon after that, I began  reading just about every book I could find on the battle, and discovered  that the filmakers did their homework on this one. What makes this film so  realistic, is that they shot on the actual battlefield or close by in many  cases, and used re-enactors for many of the battle scenes, not just a group  of extras dressed up for the parts. Although Martin Sheen overworks his  characterization of General Robert E. Lee, the others do an excellent job.  You actually find yourself feeling General Pickett and General Longstreet's  (played by Tom Berringer) pain and frustration when the battle begins to go  against the South. The only thing I didn't like about the movie was when  Ted Turner (the TNT mogal) placed himself in the movie as one of the  leaders of the Virginia contingent, and dies very badly when his time  comes. Other than that, you become mesmorized by the strategy that both  armies worked to win this campaign, and the actual battle footage is so  realistic, you wonder if any of the re-enactor soldiers playing in the  movie didn't get hurt (there's one scene where a cannon shot goes off right  in front of a group, and blows them back in to the ranks). Even my young  sons have watched this 2 or 3 times with me, and has got them to ask  questions about the war. If a movie can do that to kids that are usually  more interested in the lasted fad these days, then this is a keeper. You'll  find that even the least informed history fans, will discover that this  movie has a plot line that is easy to follow, and will keep your interest  throughout the length of the film. Also, get your hands on the soundtrack,  as its quite enjoyable to listen to.
B00001QEE2|1.0|On a widescreen set this over-priced, non-enhanced DVD presentation didn't look too bad.  Sorry I can't say the same thing for the content.  My 5 year old refused to sit through an entire presentation of this movie on VHS and  when I got the DVD I sat down to view it with him and now I understand why.  These characters are annoying to say the least, especially the female love  interest.  The only one I even vaguely liked was Pegasus because he didn't  pretend to have any sense.  If you want to spend your money on some good  Disney animation get &quot;Mulan&quot; or one of the other classics.
B000002HMH|5.0|All you people saying Metallica sold out after Black are wrong.  Metallica's style changed with the black (Metallica) album.  Load follows the style set by black.  Black is the album where the band left the  hardcore metal.  So, all you people who say they sold out after black are  upset because they changed their image a little, not because they changed  their music.  Deal with it.  New metallica rocks, just like the old does.
6304119046|5.0|NOT JUST 5 STARS - 6! This is was one of the greatest, most powerful movies I have ever seen.  No wonder it has won so many awards and is agreed to be to the film of the century by critics.   I saw it for my American  Lit/History class, and I could only say a mature person could truly enjoy  the film, understand its different meanings and symbolism.    I can't  even believe Orsen Wells was only 26 when it was made.  The directing was  awesome.  The lighting is great, and the content keeps you interested all  the way through. I was captivated by the mystery of Rosebud (and I'm proud  to say I figured out what Rosebud was - I watched that episode of the  Simpsons about Mr. Burns and Booboo...).  Now I just HAVE to see more of  Orsen Wells' films.<br />A true film classic, it should be livened up some  more people could see it or remade (oh I forgot, it doesn't have to be...  Hollywood directors steal all the ideas of the old classics anyway).<br />If I  could give this powerful movie 6 stars, I would, I'm just sad that people  can't appreciate great artistic, as well as historic films like this.  It's  also somewhat of a true story, based on Hearst and Pulitzer, historical  rival newspaper editors.<br />It was an epic story of a very rich old man that  died unhappily and a captivated America who loved and hated him.  People  wanted to find out what his dying words, \\"Rosebud\\" meant.<br />Live in this  age, we may probably judge a film in a very different way, but to compare  this film with Star Wars Series or Titanic or Saving Private Ryan, I can  say only one thing: don't compare an art work to those commercial flyers.  Those big hits, are just made for earning the viewer's money and tears, but  I don't care what the heck they really are,cause Hollywood (Hollybooo)  producers can only make worse than Citizen Kane. They have no standard of  ciematogphy, and directing (some director I didn't include: Francis Ford  Coppola, Tim Robins, Spike Lee, Clint Eastwood, Robert Alterman, and ....).  This movie may not be the best of the American Film History, but it must be  top ten. Let's see how many trashes the 100 great movies have. Star War  Series? Jaws?  Rocky?  King Kong?  Oh! geez! should I name more? If a  film is worthy because of its visual effects, then the film artists should  all face the Pacific and finish themselve with sorrow. And I will also feel  embarrassed to who may think deep impact, godzilla, or scream are better  than Citizn Kane. <br />Some other recommended movies: And Then there Were  None, The Great Gatsby, and The Shawshank Redemption.
B00003003R|4.0|There's still a part of me that misses Guns n' Roses. These guys had the potential to be one of the best rock bands ever, but like so many, fell into mediocrity. This is a great snapshot of their reign at the top.  Hopefully their rumored new stuff is good. I don't mind a change in sound,  I just don't want a complete departure from what made these guys so edgy  and good.
B0000024SI|4.0|I give it four stars because this is not for the masses to consume. It's not the Britney Spears or the Backstreet Boys...so the general public probably won't enjoy it. On the other hand, I love it! It's definitely an aquired taste but once aquired it's like heroin (figuratively, of course, I'm not a junkie and I by no means mean that this album creates a physical addiction). I couldn't stop listening to it and for once, I realized my father's taste in music was reasonably decent. \\"So, swallow your pride. You will not die. It's not poison.\\" Buy the album, not because your parents recommended it or any other old fogies but because you realize it's classic, wonderful music.
B00002MZ2C|1.0|Political bombast! Dreadlocks! Wacky videos with Cuban politicians adorning amplifiers! Whisper quiet moments and then BAM...really, really, loud music...you can almost feel the Fiji house floor shake! This record is  a cliched and pathetic rallying cry for anyone who wants to feel &quot;with  it&quot; while perusing the U.S.A. Today. The only battle in Los Angeles is  whether these morons will outsell the Backstreet Boys. Only fools fall for  this farce.
B000020617|5.0|I was not into the Foo Fighters before, but I changed my opinion on the band. This new album is the best rock album I have come across this year. I am looking forward to seeing these guys live.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Hey, what up? In my opinion, this was and still is one of /V\etallica's best CD's. It combines the music that us /V\etallica fans don't like with the great music that we've come to know and love, and it creates a CD that  surpases all others on a totally different level of music. It's the first  CD of it's kind and it's probably not the last.
0800187873|5.0|One of the best movies about mafia, i have ever seen !
B00000ADG2|5.0|This album is so great.  I recieved it for my birthday in the summer and i still love it.  Track 4 is my fave, but the rest are all fab too.  It has every type of song with 2 hidden tracks, Lauryn Hill style!   Borrow it!  Buy it!
0060254920|5.0|Where the Wild Things Are is a VERY good book about a boy who travels in his sleep to &quot;where the wild things are&quot; and finds that it's fun to be with wild things.  I recommend it.  The pictures are by Maurice Sendak too, and he is a very good artist.  I would rate the pictures  excellent.  It's a great book.
B0000039LE|5.0|NO, this film is not a gore fest. But it proves that a film doesn't have to be gory in order to be scary. Suspense is great,Curtis is extremely believable, and the independenceness shows (the cinematography is so poor  it's great).
6305263248|4.0|This movie has the best choreographed and edited chase scenes I have ever seen in cinema. The plot itself doesn't say much to me. Robert has a somewhat interesting character, but he doesn't liven up the movie too much.  A good espianoge movie, but about as good as espianoge movies can get these  days.
0385484518|5.0|I too first saw Morrie on TV as he lay dying with ALS. I went through an emotional catharsis after I read his book; I reexamined myself. Morrie put the emphasis on the little things in life; without your health, life is  nothing. By reading this book, I feel that I am a better person.
0679601686|5.0|A classic that remains relevant in any century.  The ultimate book on  romance.  It is tryly timeless and the characters of Mr. Darcy and Elizabeth Bennett will have you rooting for them throughout.A book that may  be read a dozen times without ever losing its charm.
6303979882|5.0|This is my absolute favourite film.  My best friend Kelly came across it on sky and since then we have both watched it over and over again.  It is our sleepover movie, full of laughs - we love the bit where they are all on  their bikes singin' along to KNOCK THREE TIMES ON THE CEILING. Superb  actors star in this truly classic flick
B0000025SB|2.0|Well I bought this album and listened for a couple of times, but that's all. It is only a one song album. Just try out other Pink Floyd albums and buy this one the last.
B000023VTQ|5.0|I saw notting hill at the cinema and it was a laugh-a-minute!   For those who have seen this fab flick i love the bit where Hugh Grant pretends to be a reporter and makes up things about the film 'There could have been more  dinosaurs' Great.
B00000K19E|5.0|This DVD is probably one of the best movies I have ever seen.  The acting, script, and action sequences are wonderfully done.  The soundtrack is one of the best heart-thumping albums I have ever heard.  Also, this DVD is  packed full of extras, including a twenty-five minute behind the scenes  movie.  All in all, I recommend this DVD to anyone and everyone who is a  fan of action or science fiction movies.
B000002L7Y|5.0|I love the song &quot;take on me&quot; it is so touching &amp; the video was awesome! It touches me everytime I hear it!:)
0451160916|5.0|When I first read this book, I did not want to read alone. This is one hell of a scary novel! After you read this book, you will never forget it. This book will be going to be rememberd for a long time. But when I saw the  movie, I was very disapionted and this movie is one of Stanely Krubrick's  mistakes. Anyway, I would recommend this book to anyone that wants to be  scared and loves the feeling of horror. But if you do not want to be  disapionted, do not see the movie before you read this book or any other  time. Believe me, its not better than the book.
B000000OAN|4.0|Okay, everyone bought this in 1975 for Bohemian Rhapsody.  That, in and of itself, makes this album a great buy.  If you don't know a lot about Queen, you might be in for a bit of a suprise by the whole album.  Queen always  dabbled in experimentation with music and vocals.  They basically covered  everything from rock to country to disco.  Casual fans would want to get  Classic Queen and Queen's Greatest Hits.  The true fans always have this  one ready to go.
B00000J2KX|2.0|This movie disapionted me. The novel is much scarier than this. The acting sucks and sometimes you will be wondering if Stanely Kubrick made the film without even looking at it. Tust me on this one, read the book, it's  scarier than the movie. I would not recommend this movie to anyone. The  only thing that scares you is the music.
0780626966|5.0|I just bought the Nightmare Collection on DVD, and I have to say it's definitely one of the best things I have ever bought.  The quality is phenominal...it's absolutely unbelievable what they did.  You wouldn't even  know the original movie was 15 years old if it weren't for the hair styles  and clothes.  <br />The Commentary is great, especially for the first one.   The 3D sequence in &quot;Freddy's Dead&quot; was kinda lame, but it's  pretty cool that it actually came with 2 pairs of glasses and you have the  option to watch it in 3D. <br />I definitely recommend this.....you won't  regret spending the money!
B000002LCK|5.0|New Order rose like a Pheonix out of the ashes of Joy Division (another excellent group).  Out of Joy Division's Downfall caused by the suicide of the lead singer came new order.  With new order came lyrical content that  wasnt quite as depressing, and further exploration of techno that was  started during Joy Division. New Order has also focused on melody more.   This album is a good starting Point for incoming New Order fans. So check  it out already.
0060976624|5.0|Christopher Buckley is a genius, and &quot;Thank You For Smoking&quot; proves it. Buckley's sly skewering of the tobacco industry is long overdue. His witty prose comes fast and furious and won't give the reader a single  moment to catch his breath.
B00003003R|2.0|This cd is by no means worth the money. The perfomance for knockin on heaven's door featuring backing vocals is depressing. Some of the songs were taken from the Illusion Home Video (live in Tokyo), which is old news.  If you're looking for old raw GNR, you better try a bootleg.
B000002AZ8|5.0|I first bought this cd on the day it came out back when I was a senior in Highschool.  I was also a big fan of Nirvana and i was still listening to their cd's back then. Kurt killed himself on my birthday.  So when i bought  this cd (after it being pushed back a few weeks) i was was bowled over by  it's intensity that i listened to it constantly.  It is the only cd where i  had to buy two copies because my first got too scratched to hear anymore.   I heard someone say Satans Bed was filler but that is, and probably always  will stand, as my favorite pearl jam song.  The lyrical depth and the the  passion of Ed's voice was so intense.. i just wish i could see him play  that live.  I feel this was the last great grunge cd made and ohhhh....  what a fitting ending.  Anyone who is looking for meaningful music that  doesn't sound like third eye blind or anything repulsive like that please  buy this one.  Mark my word that this band will stand as the best band of  the 90's.. may they continue on their quest for greatness.
B00002MZ2C|3.0|This is a fairly good cd overall. Two of the songs are absolutely addictive (Guerrila Radio and Calm Like a Bomb) and make the cd worth buying. The other songs are just a bunch of yelling about racism and stuff.  If you are an established Rage fan, you should buy this, but if not, get  Limp  Bizkit
0688156819|5.0|This book is a book i keep colse always. Tim burton's imaginative writing works perfectly with his drawings. A small book you can read again and  again and each time it only gets better!
6304415346|5.0|star trek 8: first contact has to be without a doubt the best of the star trek series. finally you get to relive the excitement that you had when you watched the two part episode &quot;best of both worlds&quot;. the borg are  back for some more in this excellent movie. everything shines here, great  special effects, excellent story, awesome special effects, great acting,  and excellent special effects. if you havent seen this movie, you are not a  trekkie.
B00000IAU3|5.0|Well I guess I can say that I'm pretty much like anyone else here, when I say I bought it for the ROSWELL's (best show ever)theme song &quot;Here With Me&quot;....wow I just thought the first time I heard it, what a  moving song...so I bought the CD....and its all fantasic....I had never  heard o Dido before now...and wow..I'm hooked....I LOVE this Cd.....I'm  proud to have this in my collection. EVERYONE SHOULD HAVE THIS CD...AND NOT  JUST FOR THE &quot;ROSWELL&quot; SONG...
B00000ILBK|4.0|everything about this movie is above average. it is very comfortable to just sit back and watch, much like an episode of &quot;TNG&quot;. the plot is not confusing, there are no plot holes either. not as much action as  &quot;first contact&quot; had. but overall this is a good, solid entry into  the star trek franchise. star trek fans will find this movie very  interesting. enjoy.
0783225210|1.0|I have this movie and to tell you the truth, it sucks big time. What a waste of time. I am so serious. This movie is 2hrs and 26min long! Ahhh! What a pile of mess! Even Mr. Spielberg himself said that he had no  direction for this film. The acting was so cheesy. All it was, was a bunch  of people going insane. Yelling and dancing, drinking, fighting, boom,  boom, boom, boom, bang, bang, bang. Oh my God. Stop me. This is probably  one of the worst films out there. Don't buy. If you don't beleive anything  I said, then go RENT the film and see how stupid it is. Just because Steven  Spielberg directed it doesn't mean its great. People do make mistakes and  this is one of them.
6301773551|5.0|star wars will forever be a favorite of many people. it has a familiar storyline: underdog vs powerhouse, and has intriguing characters. and it also has good special effects. excellent acting, lots of action, and  wonderful soudtrack makes this movie a contender for best movie of all  time.
B00000JCOV|3.0|Slipknot has good songs like SIC, EYELESS, LIBERATE,and DILUTED but it is not the quality of KoRn's self-titled. YOU DIDN'T EVEN HAVE TO SKIP A SONG ON THAT ALBUM!  Now people make fun of Munky and Head but these two  guitarists are not even close to the talent of them. I also hear how great  the drummer is but he has no pedal to play double bass so he is good but  not great. David from KoRn is way better! Maybe you fans will realize this  album gets boring after a while. KoRn is better!
6303433766|2.0|This was an interesting film, innovative in a lot of ways. But its innovations didn't always pay off. The use of fantasy characters in the real-life scenes, etc., got tedious after awhile. Kate Winslet is brilliant  in this, in every sense. Beautiful, charismatic, talented...it's a great  performance...she's almost a female Peter O'Toole,  which is the highest  compliment I could give any actress. The acting all around is first-rate.  But, for me, it took too long to get to the murder, and I would have liked  to have seen some of the aftermath, other than just an end-note on the  screen. And it isn't as critical as it should be that these two girls  commited MURDER. It's given too light a treatment. I think you'd have to  have a rather morbid sensibility to rate this 5 stars. And for those morbid  among you, the Kate Winslet character, Juliet Hulme, now is a mystery  novelist, under the name Anne Perry. So type her name in the search box in  the books dept. of Amazon.com, if you want to read the mystery novels of a  cold-blooded murderer. She's a millionaire, by the way, because of her  books. Some punishment life has doled out to her for having murdered  someone....
B000023VR6|5.0|PHAT BEST CD OF 99 DRE IS STILLBANGIN***
0790733226|5.0|Excellent acting, outstanding directing and a thrilling story combine to produce an absolute masterpice of the science-fiction genre. SF - yes - but they make you believe it could happen exactly like this (and who knows - it  might...). One of the most interesting facets of this movie is the fact  that it has something that is rarely seen in Hollywood: a female heroine!  Jodie foster brilliantly portrais a woman who is strong, intelligent,  driven, courageous but also sensitive and emotional. Easily the strongest  female character since Sigourney Weaver in &quot;Alien&quot;. The DVD is a  showcase in itself: the 5.1 digital sound is clearly the best in over 100  DVDs I've seen, extremely dynamic (if you have a subwoofer: tie it to the  floor for the &quot;liftoff&quot; and journey parts of the movie or else it  will bounce all across your living room), there are wonderful directional  effects aplenty, the dialogues are crisp and easy to understand and the  score is a beauty, too. For me the highlight are the full-length  commentaries of Jodie Foster and director Zemeckis. They offer interesting  and often humorous first hand insight into the making of this great movie.  You learn a great deal about filmmaking (much more than through any  &quot;making-of&quot; featurette), share toughts, feelings, even doubts of  the people who brought this masterpiece to you and even learn about some  memorable human episodes that happened during the shoot. Last but not least  the image quality is very good, the contrast is high, the tonal balance is  beautiful and the sharpness is way above what VHS could ever offer. This  DVD is a true gem - I recommend it to everybody!
0385484518|4.0|A superb book....with glorious descriptions, fine plot, and all of the other thigs a good book needs.  I enjoyed it very much, and I HIGHLY suggest it to readers at the adult level.  I would give more backround on  the plot, but I don't wish to spoil it for anyone!
0783230664|5.0|What can I say about the movie that hasn't been said already? It is wonderful! And this DTS-DVD adds near-perfect picture quality, fine surround sound with more directional effects than &quot;Apollo 13&quot; and an outstanding orchestral score. Family entertainment at its best. // I've returned today, over one and a half years after I initially wrote the review above, to add some information because in the meantime I have purchased the German DVD release of the movie, which comes with an anamorphic widescreen transfer and DD 5.1 sound. While the Dolby Digital soundtrack (in English language) is clearly inferior to the DTS sound of this DVD here (the only time so far I've actually been able to determine an audible difference between DTS and DD 5.1), it needs to be said that the picture composition of this release does suffer from the pan&amp;scan 4:3 transfer. While the image quality of this transfer can still be rated as excellent, is has become apparent to me that the sweeping landscapes look much better in widescreen. After all, it is what the filmmakers had intended. So if you own a 16x9 TV, you have to make up your mind between a great widescreen image of some other release of this movie and the outstanding DTS soundtrack of this one. If your TV is in 4:3, the choice may be a little easier.
6300214753|5.0|Broderick shines in this movie.  It's funny but real life.  I especially like the parade scene.
0783230710|1.0|This has to be the worst of all the DTS-DVDs. The sound has frequent distortions on all three front channels, the rear speakers are bored all day because they don't get any work, the dynamic range is ridiculous (even  &quot;Babe&quot; DTS offers more) and the dialogues are difficult to  understand. On top of this, the image totally lacks sharpness (although the  contrast is OK). There are no special features at all, not even subtitles.  Stay well clear of this DVD!
6300214753|5.0|Broderick is an excellent actor, and it sure shows in this hilarious movie.  I love the part where he's in the parade.
0783235666|5.0|The Birds is a HORRIFYINGLY MAGNIFICENT film, and deserves more appreciation than it gets.  Even though it is one of Hitchcock's most famous, many people find the plot completely empty.  Wrong!  This film is  more than meets the eye, the birds-eye, if you will.  You must watch  closely to find the messages, so that you can fully enjoy it.  No, The  Birds may not be as complex as Psycho or Vertigo, but it is the symolism  and sheer TERROR that sets it apart.  It's a movie you will watch over and  over, and  find new things each time.  In my opinion, that is the best  quality of a film, and there is no film I see it more in than The Birds.  That is why it is MY FAVORITE ALFRED HITCHCOCK MOVIE. Don't listen to those  who can't get past the literal plot, but look deeper into the messages of  the film, and SCREAM your way through it again and again!
B00001ODHL|3.0|Please don't buy this for the directors cut, the quality is simply appalling The image has artifacting and smearing beyond belief. Yet the THX theatrical release is a pleasure to behold, and the documentary, for a  change, is actually quite informative. And I wouldn't try the give me some  sugar line, it doesn't work, trust me.
B000002BQK|5.0|Mariah's &quot;Butterfly&quot; is one of her best yet. Although singles &quot;Honey&quot; and &quot;Butterfly&quot; really get on my nerves, the rest is great. &quot;My All&quot; is one of her best songs yet! &quot;The  Roof&quot; is urban yet haunting. &quot;Babydoll&quot; is a good love song.  I like &quot;Fly Away&quot;, &quot;Breakdown&quot;. Great Songs! Mariah has  outdone herself!
6304539282|5.0|The Star Wars movies are some of my all-time favorites!  This is a wonderful trilogy and a great adventure! Full of suspense!
0385484518|1.0|I was on a Korean Air flight from Seoul to Detroit and most of the available reading material was naturally in Korean so I didn't have much choice or I would never have read this book. There are one or two good  ideas but it really isn't worth even the few hours it took to read. If you  want to form a philosophy of life you have to start by honestly looking at  your values. A lot of people say they would like to live more simply or  travel around the world or whatever. However, most people never do the  things they say they want to do or live by the priciples they profess. The  things that get in the way of what they say they really want to do are, by  their own choice, what they really want to do. Let's say someone says  they'd like to visit Paris; why don't they just do it? A round trip flight  to Paris can be quite cheap in the off season. I guess its just too hard to  give up that Lexus. Its just too hard to honestly look at your values and  decide what's really important. If having a nice car is what's really  important then be honest with yourself and don't go around claiming to have  a set of values that you don't live by.<br />I'm a Detroit native and I liked  Mitch Albom's sports writing when I was in high school. However, he's over  his head if he's trying to teach people about the meaning of life. If you  want to form a philosophy of life or look for the meaning of life it would  be better to start with a beginner's philosophy course and avoid any New  York Times bestsellers.
B000002A46|5.0|I work as a flight/ground Paramedic and one of our Doctor's brought this CD to listen to on a trip, I immediately fell in love with it, I had to run out and buy it, which I did 2 days later. If this CD doesn't get you in the  Christmas spirit nothing will, I promise.
0440180295|5.0|This book probably wont be a mandatory lesson in most peoples english classes because technicaly it's a sience fiction novel, and most english teachers hate them. So I would strongly advise reading this book for  personal pleasure or for a book report. If your in the mood for a  head-scraching book that has an interesting idea or two than this is the  book for you, but if your to lazy to give thought to what the writer says  and not question what he or she writes then you might as well just look for  another book. The reason this book is so hard to understand is because it  has not real setting or time at which events in the book take place. The  only certain thing in the whole book is the main character Billy Pilgrim.  If your still confused about this book, which you should be, just remember  that the rest of the readers of this book that reviewed it online, like me,  were once where you are right now. Completley baffeled. The ones who  &quot;got it&quot;,(the theme), gave it good ratings. The ones who didn't  critisized it and didn't enjoy it. And as you can see most people, like me,  &quot;got it&quot; and loved it. So chances are you will to.
B000002A46|5.0|I work as a flight/ground Paramedic and one of our Doctor's brought this CD to listen to on a trip, I immediately fell in love with it, I had to run out and buy it, which I did 2 days later. If this CD doesn't get you in the  Christmas spirit nothing will, I promise.
B000001FN3|5.0|it's ozsome!  &amp; instrumental works is to!
B000002H33|5.0|yeah, score!  this CD is beast!  its the best mtallica album out there, thought its like 13 years old!  buy you wont regret it!
6303433766|5.0|I saw this by accident on Bravo in NY, and it is one of the strangest and most disturbing films I've ever seen.  I'm afraid I'll never forget the ending.  I wish I could.  Too real!<br />The acting was terrific, by just  about everyone involved, and the special effects were special.<br />I don't  know if I can handle seeing it again.  I had no idea it was based on a true  story until the end.  That added to the shock.
B00000JCB3|5.0|This is one of the best CDs I have!  If you dont have this CD you are seriously missing out;  GET IT!  If you get it you wont be disappointed!
B00002MZ4W|4.0|I became an instant fan of Fiona on &quot;Tidal&quot;. I loved the intimate feel of the disc along with her gorgeous melodies. This new album expands her sound with an almost psychedelic sound at times. Tracks I can't  get enough of &quot;Get Gone&quot;, &quot;Love Ridden&quot; and the truly  inovative &quot;Fast As You Can&quot;. Just when I thought music was  becoming safe and boring, Fiona is there to save the day.  Also, here's my  nomination for most beautiful lyric of 1999: No, not baby anymore If I need  you, I'll just use your simple name Only kisses on the cheek from now on  And in a little while, we'll only have to wave<br />-&quot;Love Ridden&quot;
B000002BQK|5.0|I love this CD! &quot;Outside&quot;, &quot;Close My Eyes&quot;, and &quot;Butterfly&quot; were my favorite, and really meant something to me. &quot;Breakdown&quot; and &quot;Honey&quot; are great, too. The only song  that I thought was weak was &quot;Fly Away.&quot; That has to be Mariah's  worst, I'm sorry.
B00000IQMT|5.0|This is a great score of a great movie. The music is so powerful, especially Qui-Gon's funeral and the Darth Maul music. I thought that William's use of the voices/chorus during some of the songs were pure  genius. John Williams is one of the greatest living composers!
0812589041|5.0|I have read this entire series of books and they are all must read books
B000020617|5.0|The Foo Fighters have done it again. They are the BEST! My favorite song is Learn to fly that is one of the songs that get stuck in your head and you listen to it over and over and over. The Foo Fighters are so Funny in  that video. FIVE STARS IT DOESN'T GET BETTER THAN THIS! This will stay at  the top of the charts for a while!
B000002NJS|5.0|This is truly an 'electronica epic.' In every listen, 'Ray of Light' remains an incredible album.  Madonna scopes religion, her child, death, &amp; sexuality seemingly in one breath. The creative visions of William  Orbit make 'Ray of Light' one of the best-produced albums of the 90s.  The  amazing hits (i.e. the title song, &quot;Frozen,&quot; &amp; &quot;Power of  Good-bye&quot;) aren't even the best songs on the album.  This CD is highly  recommended for its fresh insight on an amazing icon of our time.
B00000JCB2|5.0|I don't understand why people hate Limp Bizkit. If you hate Limp Bizkit and its not your kind of music you don't have to go around saying.....&quot;Limp Bizkit sucks!&quot; If you say that I'll go around  saying suff about your music....&quot;Back Street Boys SUCK! &quot; This  is heavy music and hip hop mixed up!  It rocks!
B000001DTM|5.0|Every song on this album is amazing--from the anthemic &quot;One&quot; to the electo-driven &quot;Even Better han the Real Thing.&quot;  Here, U2 proves a sort of sonic poetry which truly sparkles on every cut.  Besides  the music, the album photography &amp;  design is also excellent.  A  perfect CD for soul searching, love making, &amp; dancing.
0684833395|5.0|Joseph Heller has written a true masterpiece.  I can just imagine the considerable effort that went into the genuis of this book.  Catch-22 is a powerful satire composed of such well-written, unique, and frightening  characters.  It can be so absurd at times, but then you find that you are  chuckling to yourself at others.  Then you realize what you found humorous  and that is kind of scary in itself. Catch-22 is such a challenging and  complex read, it is full of allusions, images, and metaphors.  You also  cannot overlook the very organized way Heller used for the time sequences.  However, all these aspects contribute to show the sheer genuis of the  author and how well he was able to create this work. I am sure Catch-22  will remain prevalent in society for a very long time, and just getting  through the book can become a great reward. Read Catch-22 for its  provocative satire, intriguing characters, and brilliance.
0385484518|5.0|This is a great book.  This book is a very quick read, and one that I'm sure you'll read again several times in your life.  This is one of those books you'll keep in a special place, never to be sold at Half-Priced or  loaned out.<br />This book will do one thing and do it very well: make you  pause a moment and consider what is important.  Everyone owes it to himself  or herself to spend an hour or two and read this book.<br />WARNING: THIS BOOK  CAN CHANGE YOUR LIFE.<br />I can't give it a higher recommendation only  because Amazon doesn't allow anything more than FIVE STARS.<br />When you are  finished, I promise that you'll agree with me 100 percent.  I didn't expect  much from the book at first, but I was quickly drawn into it and then  amazed by the mastery of the writing when I finally closed it.<br />This is  the book that makes you want to read just ONE MORE chapter.  Just ONE MORE  chapter.  It's EXCELLENT!
B00000J7J4|4.0|Este es un gran disco. Cada una de las canciones tiene la inconfundible firma de uno de los mejores guitarristas de todos los tiempos. A pesar de que algunas combinaciones son mas dificiles de entender que otras, en  conjunto el disco es genial. Buen regreso!
B00000K19E|5.0|Think that the reality is a dream - this thought follows Thomas Anderson (Keanu Reeves). Thomas lives in a double life, at day he's a employee at a big computer company, at night he's the hacker Neo. A day Neo wakes up by  someone who is contacing him via the computer. Right after that Neo gets  arrested. Agent Smith looks at the young computer expert as a treath, and  Neo gets even more confused. First when he meets Morpheus (Laurence  Fishburne), the picture becomes clearer. I love this movie becouse of the  amazing special effects and the really good story. You just have to see  this movie!  I would recommend buying the movie on DVD that is if you got a  DVD. Becouse there you can watch Interviews and documentary about the  special effects.<br />Very Best Regards Yngve Elde
B000003S0I|5.0|This album is such an amazing achievement that even Crimson couldn't replicate it.  I happily give it one of my few 5 stars - unlke many, I don't come on here just to &quot;vote&quot; for my favorites.  5 stars  means that this is a work that I can barely imagine improvement on.   Although the album has it's brightest moments when the singer is not  singing, that's not nearly enough to dull its value.  <br />Briefly, the  instrumentation and crispness of sound is unparalleled even with more  current production techniques and the supposed progress that is always  occuring.  We haven't seen anything like this since.  It makes other forms  of &quot;progressive&quot; rock look like a joke.  Here is a music that  goes by that guise but is neither progressive nor rock.  Not progressive  because no one could effectively progress beyond this pinnacle of the  idiom, and its uniqueness.  Not rock - although of course you can hear  elements of it.  The musical language and instrumentation are too diverse.   Rock makes its name on repetition and relative simplicity.  This is  musical, spontaneous, exciting stuff, the way &quot;rock&quot; hasn't been  in years.
B000031XCR|4.0|Justbefore signing out of the limelight for a much-deserved hiatus, Celine offers the public a collection of her greatest hits plus more. What's cool about this album is that it shows a different side of Celine.  That she  could also render upbeat songs and not just ballads as others would  categoriza her.  The current single That's the way it is should be released  commercially to further boost this wonderful album and so that it will have  a long staying power in the charts.  Other noteworthy tracks here are  &quot;If Walls COuld Talk&quot;, &quot;Live&quot;, The First Time Ever I  Saw Your Face&quot;,&quot;Then You Look At Me&quot;.  while his digitally  mastered duet with Frank Sinatra may appeal to older audiences, it wont  appeal that much to the younger ones... Anyway, yhis is album rates 4  stars.  This album is great for a &quot;greatest hits&quot; album and more!  Thanks Celine for giving us your voice!
6302101743|3.0|I was amazed at the special effects for a film in 1969. I loved the location of limestone canyons. I am trying to find out where these canyons are. How do i find out?
6302719631|1.0|It is hard for a lover of the novel Northanger Abbey to sit through this BBC adaptation and to keep from throwing objects at the TV screen-in fact, if Jane Austen herself were to see this, she would be somewhat amused and  possibly put out. Maggie Wadey's adaptation has made Northanger Abbey into  what it satirized, the Gothic novel (and the readers of Gothic  novels).<br />The role of Catherine Morland in the adaptation is portrayed  fairly closely to Austen's Catherine, a open-hearted, generous girl whose  imagination simply runs away with her. But the Henry Tilney of the novel is  not a snuff-taking, cane-wielding, sappy-line-making hero of a Gothic  novel-he is a tease, a nearly-handsome man with a messy room and a living  (that's right, Henry Tilney is a clergyman, a charm that is completely  dropped from the script). Some of the best scenes from novel, when Henry,  completely deadpan, outrageously teases the literally-minded Catherine on  diction, journals, Mrs. Radcliffe, etc., are not portrayed in the  adaptation. A large section of Henry's personality is lost when those  scenes are not adapted. Besides, Peter Firth's appearance is not  accurate-Henry Tilney is supposed to be 24 or 25, dark hair and a brown  skin, not 35 or 40 and blond.<br />There are so many other absurdities within  the adaptation that invoke surprise and disgust-who is the Marchioness, and  what is she doing in the story!  Why is John Thorpe less of a dunce and  more of a schemer? Why is Northanger Abbey a castle? Catherine of the  novel, with her romantic visions, expects hidden passages and dark  tapestries, but is very disappointed to discover that Northanger Abbey is  actually a comfortable, modern house-another element of satire! Why portray  General Tilney as a drunk? Why does Catherine have those strange visions of  Mrs. Allen threading her finger, etc.? Catherine's imagination only runs  away with her at Northanger, with Henry there to correct her gently. And  lastly, why are somany facts concerning the Tilney family and Mrs.  Tilney's death altered unnecessarily? To make the story more \\"horrible?\\"  All of these oddities and more simply are too strange to be  overlooked.<br />Oh, and Henry never &quot;rode through the mist&quot; on his  way to propose. Such cheesiness should be eternally banned.<br />The BBC is  highly regarded in its accuracy when adapting great works of literature to  the screen. Perhaps they were having off-day when they decided Wadey's  Northanger Abbey actually captured the essence of the deliciously funny  satire Austen wrote. Or maybe they never understood what the essence of the  novel was in the first place.
0767836286|4.0|As this was released months earlier in The Netherlands, than it was in the US, we could not judge it on BO gross, but on content. That is where it succeeded grandly. From the great credit sequence with the horrifying  soundtrack to the tense finale...A great tense thriller...
B00000J7J4|5.0|santana knows who's gonna be around in twenty years and he has used them to help put together a great album. it's damn good (if you like music anyways)
0679805273|5.0|I received this book from a dear friend on my 40th birhday. I have given it to both of my children when they graduated from high school.  This book has so many encouraging ideas for children, young adults, recent graduates  or anyone who is moving into a different chapter in their lives.  It is one  of the best books ever written and who knew so many adults would find so  many positive ideas in a wonderful childrens book.
B000009MF7|5.0|This disc was awarded the Concerto award in this year's Gramophone Awards.  It's not so hard to hear why.  This is an outstanding collaboration between Boulez, Zimerman, and the London and Cleveland orchestras.   Boulez's clarity helps, as always, as the outer sections of the Left Hand  Concerto demonstrate.  Zimerman's fiery realization of the solo parts of  both concerti is amazing -- the finale of the G major is almost dizzying in  its liveliness, and the big cadenza in the end of the Left Hand Concerto is  played in the grand manner (without shallow grandiosity).  The slow  movement of the G major is atmospheric, and Boulez, as expected, heightens  the effect of Ravel's colours.  This is a great disc, outclassing the  competition for the Ravel concerti.  For once, the Hype is Right.
0553212478|5.0|An awesome book written in the early 1800's. Completely different than I had anticipated and much more violent than I had thought. Mary Shelly's mind at the ripe age of 19 created this scary modern myth of a  &quot;monster&quot; run amuck among the townspeople, brought to life by the  one Victor Frankenstein. Classic in every respect and deserves a standing  ovation when you are done reading.
B00000AOUD|5.0|A remarkable work, especially for a band still early in its career.  Many Tull fans who are more fond of the earlier, more youthful and impetuous Tull music rank this work as their favorite.  And it's easy to see why.  It  is a compelling and stylistically complex album -- the seeds for much of  what Tull was later to achieve were sown here.  Naturally, it is most  famous for being the mother of all concept albums -- not, of course, in the  sense of being the first of such things but as being the ultimate in  concept albums.  It is often described as a 45-minute long song, which is  not really accurate in that there is no classic song structure here -- if  it were a song it would be so asymmetrical as to make Happiness is a Warm  Gun blush.  Really, the closest description is to call it an  unusually-structured Oratorio, with the different elements blended together  into a more-or-less seamless mass.<br />While the structure is complex, the  music itself is quite accessible, and really bears more resemblance to  earlier, simpler Tull melodies than the more complex and deeply textured  work which would come later.  In some cases, the melodies actually draw,  stylistically, upon simple marches and children's rhymes for inspiration --  and this is nicely in keeping with the faux-concept (joke really) of having  been written by and about the pre-pubescent Gerald Bostock.  (Why some are  annoyed by this Tull joke is a little baffling, why they actually fell for  it is even more so!)  But while the melodies are simpler and more direct  than those of later works, the brutal time-signature changes, which would  quickly become a Tull trademark, are as complex, unorthodox and plentiful  as can be found in modern popular music.  For the band, it had to be a  beast to play, especially live.  If you listed to Velvet Green from Songs  From The Wood, or more recently Far Alaska from Dot Com, you can easily  hear the influence of Thick As A Brick (and there are many more examples).That aspect of Tull music really began with this work.<br />For those of you  who didn't originally buy this in LP form, which of necessity broke the  piece into two halves, the middle section fade-out and fade-in might seem a  little strange and unneccessary.  Technology advances.  I've listened to  this album at various times over a period of 25 years, and while I now  prefer the more mature later (and even the most recent) Tull works, Thick  As A Brick is still very impressive.  There is a lot of tongue-in-the-cheek  humour here (and not just in the liner notes).  The lack of arrogance in a  piece so formidable keeps it fresh to the ears.  Generally, the first half  of the work is the most compelling.  While not apparent at first, after all  these years the second half now seems to drag on just a little bit, without  enough new ideas to keep it moving at the break-neck pace set in the first  half.  A minor quibble.  No one who seriously calls themselves a Tull fan  can be without this CD.  For those who aren't Tull fans (yet) -- try it --  no matter what you've listened to, you really haven't heard anything like  this before.  But beware, you just might get hooked.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This was a great ablbum. Anyone who says it sucks doesn't know what the heck they are talking about. I bought it for &quot;All the small things&quot; But ended up liking other tracks better such as &quot;Mutt&quot; and &quot;going away to college&quot;. It's a great album,  and I highly recommend it to any music listener.
B0000041TD|5.0|I was reading all the reviews written about this wonderful recording and very little has been said regarding Freni.  To say she was born to sing Puccini is an understatement.  Her voice in this recording is absolutley  ravishing.  To my ears it is a perfect lyric soprano voice; expressive,  sweet, with a slight darkness that gives it a marvellous tone  colour.<br />Pavarotti is just as incredible.  The voice is bright, warm and  expressive.  Although Bjoerling sings with more tenderness in the Beecham  recording, there is no lack of involvement from Pavarotti.  Needless to  say, when these to incredible voices blend...WOW! <br />Karajan is slightly  overindulgent...can you blame him? Tempos are spacious allowing Freni and  Pavarotti create magic.  The recorded sound is excellent.  The whole  reading may be slightly over the top, but who cares?   Turn down the  lights, turn up the volume, let the milk boil over and just let the  wonderful sound penetrate your soul....
B000002H97|5.0|Although verry diffrent from previous works by Metallica this album turned out to be their best work yet.  Every bit of music on this album is a work of art.  The words are inspiring and the harmonys are jazz quality.  This  album (along maybe with AC/DC's live album) saved heavy metal from sure  death during the 90's.  If you are a metal fan this is must have material.
0671027344|4.0|I completely identified with this book. The Perks of Being A Wallflower is the moving and thorough realistic story about starting high school. Told through the eyes and ears of the mostly anonymous \\"Charlie\\" (that may or  may not be his real name) in his letters to an equally anonymous person. It  embodies the universal feeling of being the outsider and being on the cusp  of adulthood. Charlie, hovering somewhere between naivet and maturity,  takes the reader on a tour through his world, navigating through the murky  waters of first loves, drugs, and everything in between. This book is a  concise synopsis of high school in the `90's.<br />Charlie has an \\"eye.\\" He  sees things. He rarely participates and seems to exist only to report what  he sees. He has a sense of detachment that seems dead on the surface. But  underneath the deadness and the straightforward description of activities,  days and books read, lies a wildly intense voice, one bursting with a  vitality of experience that is constantly at odds with any sense of  detachment.<br />The Perks Of Being A Wallflower has often been compared to  The Catcher In The Rye, with Charlie being the equivalent of Catcher's  Holden Caulfield, but I disagree. True, both are coming of age stories told  in similar fashions, but this is a whole new story, a thoroughly modern  one. Being a high schooler right now, I can empathize very well with  Charlie, but I'm sure that older people can understand it too. Things  haven't changed that much. Anyway, this is a very good that I would  recommend to anybody.
B00000JCOV|5.0|This cd is probably one of the best hardcore cd's I have ever heard.After watching Slipknot's Home Movie or whatever it is called, I can definately say this is one of the best hardcore bands mainstream wise.
B000002UB3|5.0|Come Together, Something, and Here Comes the Sun on one CD.  Amazing a band could be this good near the very end.  From track 1 to track 17, this album is incredible.  Even the short little ones from Mean Mr. Mustard on  are fun to listen to.  This album is a must have for any music lover.
B0000011MH|5.0|I've worn out two vinyl albums, several cassette copies and will probably wear out the first cd soon.  The two Bo Diddley songs have enormous depth and Quicksilver's interpretation excavates many rich layers not evident on  versions of these songs by others.  The legendary extended guitar solos  dominate the album and have been thoroughly scrutinized by other reviewers.   Most people dismiss the middle portion of the recording as an  undisciplined ego trip and boring, but it is for me among the most  interesting and creative musical performances every captured on tape.  It  does not become apparent to first-time listeners that this is a live  performance until Gary Duncan's jazzy, bluesy guitar solo ends and Greg  Elmore's bizarre drum interlude begins. The strange squeaking and chiming  noises, uncontrolled feedback, and other messiness emanating from Duncan's  and Cipollina's guitars, which is admittedly annoying on first listen,  support Elmore's marvelous rhythmic interpretations of the Bo Diddley  theme.  This is no ego-inspired power trip.  Whoever heard of a drum solo  being the quietest part of the record?  Elmore's drumming slides into a  completely unique, beautiful and spontaneous interaction between the band  and the audience that has quite likely never been attained by any another  performing band, or at least it hasn't been recorded.  Audiences no longer  behave like they did when Quicksilver performed, nor did they behave that  way very long.  For the first third of Who Do You Love, the audience  listens to the music.  For the next third they become part of it with  shouts and hand claps and screams. Then Cipollina levels them with his  stunning solo.  You get exhausted listening to this song, and not just  because it's 25 minutes long, but because you've felt every bit of energy  that the band has expended.  Unlike most other listeners, I don't find  Quicksilver's Mona quite as compelling, but it's still a great performance.   The studio portion of the album, Calvary and Maiden of the Cancer Moon, is  an acquired taste, but it's worth acquiring.  You could say that about the  entire album.  It's not easy for some people to listen to right away, but  this one is a classic worth investing some time in.
0894803123|5.0|I am always looking for a gift book, reasonably priced, and popular with the public ... this work fits the bill!  The recipes are great for the home or cottage and the cartoon characters appeal to the younger set. I like to  introduce people to Ben &amp; Jerry's Ice Cream at Christmas by giving a  book and a pint of New York Super Fudge Chunk or Cherry Garcia. NO, I don't  work for Ben &amp; Jerry's ... I just like their business philosophy and  this great little book!
B00000ADG2|1.0|THERE IS SOMETHING WRONG GOING ON HERE.  LAURYN HILL'S ALBUM IS BEING TOUTED BY THE CRITICS AS ONE OF THE GREATEST ALBUMS SINCE STEVIE WONDER'S &quot;SONGS IN THE KEY OF LIFE&quot;, AND MICHAEL JACKSON'S  &quot;THRILLER&quot;.  YET WHEN YOU LISTEN TO IT YOU CAN'T HELP BUT WONDER  WHAT THE HYPE IS ALL ABOUT.  I KEEP WAITING TO HEAR SOMETHING ORIGINAL AND  INNOVATIVE THAT I HAVEN'T HEARD BEFORE.  I'M STILL WAITING.  SO IT IS ONLY  NATURAL TO ASK YOURSELF WHY ARE THE CRITICS REVIEWING THIS ALBUM AS IF IT  IS THE GREATEST ALBUM OF ALL TIME?  THE ANSWER IS THAT EVEN BEFORE LAURYN  HILL THOUGHT ABOUT A SOLO ALBUM, THE CRITICS ENDLESSLY CALLED FOR HER TO DO  SO.  THEY TALKED ABOUT HOW GREAT IT WOULD BE.  THEY POINTED OUT THAT SHE  WAS THE TRUE TALENT OF THE FUGEES.  BUT WHEN THE ALBUM CAME OUT, QUITE  FRANKLY IT WAS DISAPPOINTING.  BUT NOBODY LIKES TO EAT THEIR WORDS, SO THEY  GAVE IT THE REVIEWS THAT THEY THOUGHT IT SHOULD GET BACK BEFORE THEY EVEN  HEARD IT.  I'VE HEARD IT, AND I DON'T LIKE IT.  I DON'T CARE HOW MUCH MTV  PLAYS IT.  I DON'T CARE HOW MANY GRAMMY'S IT WINS.  IT IS NOT A GOOD ALBUM   IT WAS A WASTE OF MY MONEY.  I THINK THE ALBUM SHOULD BE RENAMED &quot;THE  MISLEADING OF THE AMERICAN PUBLIC&quot;.  IF YOU ARE ONE OF THE FEW WHO  HAVE NOT BOUGHT THE CD- DON'T. BUY WYCLEF'S &quot;CARNIVAL&quot; INSTEAD.   SINCE &quot;THE CARNIVAL&quot; HAS BEEN RELEASED, WYCLEF TOO HAS SOLD OUT,  BUT THE ALBUM IS STILL GOOD.  IT IS RIGHT IN LINE WITH &quot;THE  SCORE&quot;.  I SHOULDN'T EVEN HAVE TO TELL YOU TO STAY AWAY FROM PRAS'  HORRIBLE FUGEE-PUFFY HYBRID &quot;GHETTO SUPERSTAR&quot;.   LAST WORDS:   SAVE YOUR MONEY.
B000001GQC|5.0|The Andante movement features a beautifully played bass solo and the viola and cello solos were good too.  I adored Prokofiev concertos but this recording had his spoof-movie soundtracks that I've wanted to hear.
0854562265|5.0|This was a weird book but it had a cool ending. Go Read it to find ou
B000021XS0|3.0|I dont know, maybe im just sick of these guys - but you would think that people would calm down after hearing Petrucci run through repeated blazing 64th-note progressions in unison with Jordan Rudess after the first two LTE  albums, but still you keep seeing people call this, alternatively,  &quot;the greatest concept album of all time,&quot; or &quot;other CDs  arent fit to grind into glass to case this one.&quot;  Which is just not  true.  This is a good, not great, but standard DT effort.<br />That having  been said, the album does bear repeated listenings - I found myself liking  it a lot more second time around -  although you're going to wince at most  of the lyrics herein - Petrucci and Portnoy handle most of this task, and  if the last album _Falling Into Infinity_ proved anything it proved they  graduated with honors from the Don Dokken school of Rock Lyric Cliches.    The story really isn't going to be all that interesting to you unless you  regularly read Hercule Poirot novellas, and to boot its not concluded very  well in Act II.<br />But these are not raconteurs, they are Berkelee  graduates.  *Reasoned* DT fans know - the music is the star - and here  again, at 77 minutes you almsot feel like they are speeding the tracks up  so they can fit more notes into the album.  But every album they seem to go  more balls out - the best track unquestionably is Fatal Tragedy, with the  choir reminds me a lot of &quot;Suite Sister Mary&quot; from Queensryche -  on amphetamines.  The solos on this track have to be heard to believe,  especially Rudess - he does things with a keyboard that Yngwie would be  scared to do with Jimi Hendrix's stratocaster.   And I disagree with the  people who are complaining about LaBrie - it seems to me like on this  album, he finally strikes that missing balance between the shrieking  banshee on _Images and Words_ and the  naughty-boy-with-the-tight-leather-pants-who-wants-to-be-Axl-Rose  performance on _Awake_.  Good harmonies and great vocal arrangements.<br />Act  I goes by too fast and we get to the silliness in Act II, which brings you  down towards the end - &quot;Home&quot; is still good, and they do some  interesting stuff with the &quot;Scenes From a Memory&quot; track to remind  the oldschool DT fans of &quot;Metropolis&quot;.  But I think once you get  past the vicarious thrill of the music, it will collect dust.
B000002GJS|2.0|The team-up of Bryan Adams with Mutt Lange should have been a marriage made in heaven.  First, the good news - the music is exceptional, the playing fantastic, and the production first rate.  Then comes the bad news  - the lyrics.  Bryan Adams has never been the world's best lyricist, but he  outdoes himself here.  The mega-hit &quot;Everything I Do (I Do It For  You)&quot; points this out pretty well, especially in the &quot;I'd fight  for you/I'd lie for you/Walk the wire for you/Yeah, I'd die for you&quot;  part.  Songs like &quot;Is Your Mama Gonna Miss Ya?&quot; and &quot;If You  Wanna Leave Me, Can I Come Too?&quot; (odd note: why are 12 of the 15 song  titles complete sentences?) are especially bad lyrically.  Several songs  (especially  &quot;Do I Have to Say the Words?&quot; and &quot;Thought I'd  Die and Gone to Heaven&quot;)are quire infuriating, as one can imagine them  being fantastic with just a slight lyrical makeover.  In addition, several  tracks go on way longer than they need to, a common problem with many CD's  released during this period (it can hold 80 minutes? make it last 80  minutes, seemed to be the rule).  Shame, really.
B000002UB3|5.0|Lennon fans may get a little upset by this review. Well, we should all know by now that Paul had alot to do with the fantastic production values of this recording, especially side two.The way the songs flow together and  showcase the pure and raw talent of the musicians is a true testament to  the growing aspects of Paul Mcartney's work in the studio. John Lennon fans  need to check out side one and hear some straight forward rock and roll!  But do not forget Come Together,(side two,track one on cassette). Beatles  forever!
0375405208|1.0|This book is replete with poorly chosen and ineptly described characters. At times, I felt the linguistic analysis was overblown.  look elsewhere
B00003003R|5.0|as a huge g n'r fan i was more than excited when i learned about these cds.  g n'r rules.  my favirite track is &quot;rocket queen&quot; with a great talkbox solo.  slash rules.  i also enjoyed hearing the crowd sing  along with &quot;knockin on heavens door&quot;.  Axl talks to the crowd  between tracks which is cool.
0800128052|5.0|If you like football and esp. Notre Dame this is a  great movie. True story and it leaves you with a good feeling inside.
B000000I0H|5.0|It's difficult to describe this album; it's not quite like his earlier works (Tubular Bells, Hergest Ridge, Ommadawn) but yet notquite like those that came later (such as Platinum and QE2).  Although I have to say it's  not one of my *most* favourite MO albums, I still find myself compelled to  listen to it from time to time, especially the final track (Incantations  4). For anyone who is a serious fan of Mike Oldfield, I have to recommend  this.  For those who are just beginning their voyage along the Oldfield  path, then I'd recommend that you listen (or buy!) Ommadawn and/or Hergest  Ridge first....then the orchestration on this album will make more sense.  Five out of five nevertheless!
6302518423|4.0|This is a superb film, though not for anyone, original and a pleasure to watch throughout.  Those looking for Shakespeare will be disappointed, however, because this is not really an adaptation of the play.  Instead,  it's more like a painting or a sculpture--something to be admired in each  of its parts, but without a real story or narrative.  The only drawback in  the film is that John Gielgud's voice eventually becomes a bit monotonous,  and more variety is wished for.<br />The reason I can't give this 5 stars  here, though, is because the video release does not do this film justice.   It should be viewed in wide screen where the cinematography makes a lot  more sense to the viewer.  The middle ages inspired pictures within  pictures lose a lot when they get cut off at the sides!
B000002UB3|5.0|Lennon fans may get a little upset by this review. Well, we should all know by now that Paul had alot to do with the fantastic production values of this recording, especially side two.The way the songs flow together and  showcase the pure and raw talent of the musicians is a true testament to  the growing aspects of Paul Mcartney's work in the studio. John Lennon fans  need to check out side one and hear some straight forward rock and roll!  But do not forget Come Together,(side two,track one on cassette). Beatles  forever!
B00000ADG2|5.0|it all could be so simple but you make it har
B0000025C0|4.0|Popular opinion is that this is the weak followup to Boston's classic debut album. The truth is that half of this album represents Boston's  BEST work of all time, while the other half is filler. The first half of this  album is terrific, from the opening chords of the title track to &quot;Man  I'll Never Be&quot;, this is ace stuff. The trouble lies entirely on side  two, which is generally sub-mediocre. The hidden treat on this side is  &quot;Used to Bad News&quot;, which is a great sonic pop bon-bon. Tom  Scholz'  record label rushed him to release the record, and it's painfully  obvious on the remainder of the second &quot;side&quot; (second half for  you CD fans). Nonetheless, the good stuff is so good, I'm inclined to give  the whole album 4 stars. Make your own compilation by jettisoning the  remainder of side two and adding most of the first LP, and you have one for  the guitar gods' time  capsule.<br />dap
0140186409|5.0|&quot; Her fingers moved gently in his hair. She looked up and across the barn, and her lips came together and smiled mysteriously. &quot;<br />This is such an incredibly ending to an epic and intimate novel. The themes of  universal and personal chapters interwoven with eachother and the theme of  water, the lack of it in the  beginning and the deluge in the end, the  diaspora of families and the congregation of a movement.
B000002KKS|5.0|Well i'm a fan of both the ozzy and dio chapters of black sabbath and i even like born again with Ian Gillian but this album is definetly my favorite Sabbath album. There's no doubt that ozzy is a legend and Sabbath  had a huge affect on music as we know it but the reality is dio is a   better singer than ozzy and it's too bad he didnt do more albums with  Sabbath. Neon Knights, Die Young, and Heaven and Hell are up there with the  best Sabbath songs and the rest of the songs are all good. If you like Dio  solo or other Sabbath albums check this one out you wont be dissapointed.
0385484518|2.0|I was also a student of Morrie Schwartz's from the late '70s into the early '80s.  He was a sweet and lovely man--the kind of teacher who was more a friend than a mentor and who, I think, was always more comfortable  in that less assuming role.  Having known him, it is frankly hard to  imagine him wanting to be anyone's &quot;coach&quot; and certainly not the  archetype of wit and wisdom into which he has been transformed.  Obviously,  all of this has more to do with our yearnings than his own.  As the kind of  social psychologist he was, THAT would have evoked his interest--and his  compassion as well.
0767827694|3.0|I watched the DVD of Orlando recently. I must say I was somewhat disappointed. The acting and the cinematography was breathtaking and excellent. But, with all of the unnarrated gazes directly into the camera,  I thought that the film could have been enhanced greatly if some of the  very rich interior narrative in the book could have been heard there (in  those spots). Even if they needed to get a different voice to read it (Lynn  Redgrave comes to mind), there were some paragraphs and sentences that we  all noted (in my recent class on this) that could have gone well during  these silences!
B00000K0EA|3.0|Tomorrow Never Dies only improves on GoldenEye in the John Woo-meets-Bond choreography of the action scenes. Whoever says Brosnan lacks personality mistakes subtlety (Fleming's Bond had this in bunches) for blandness. The  plot is muddled, convoluted, and far-fetched at best, but then again, some  of the best Bonds also suffer from this (Dr. No, You Only Live Twice, Spy  Who Loved Me, and The Living Daylights come to mind...) The dialogue is as  witty as ever, Moneypenny's description of Bond as a &quot;cunning linguist  foremost amongst all the double entendre. Jonathan Pryce is somewhat  wasted, as is his henchman, whose name I don't remember, but who should be  known as &quot;Red Grant, Part 10&quot;. The girls sizzle, though Teri  Hatcher's torch for Bond seems pathetic, given his poligamist tendencies...  The intros are still spectacular, computer technology carrying over from  Maurice Pinder's artistry... Very good, but third banana in Brosnan's opus  to GoldenEye and The World is Not Enough, which have better plots, more  memorable characters, and better flow and editing (though Tomorrow is  actually shorter!) Cubby Broccoli should sleep tight up there in Movie  Heaven... Bond is alive and well into the 21st Century, with nary a  wrinkle...!
B000009ED0|5.0|OK..........I DON'T KNOW HOW ANYONE COULD SAY ANY OF THE THINGS I HAVE SEEN FOR SOME OF THESE REVIEWS.  <br />FIRST, ALL THIS STUFF WRITTEN ABOUT HOW HE ISN'T TALENTED?  WHAT IS THAT ALL ABOUT?  KID ROCK CAN PLAY THE  GUITAR, DRUMS, KEYBOARD, TURNTABLES (WITH CHIN AND ELBOWS) AND CAN SING IN  THE PROCESS.  HE'S THE ONE MAN BAND WITH THE MICROPHONE.  NOW IF ANYONE CAN  SAY HE ISN'T TALENTED THEN YOU GOT ANOTHER THING COMMING.  <br />SURE HE HAS  SOME PROFANITY, BUT WHAT SONG WRITER DOESN'T HAVE SOME IN THEIR MUSIC  TODAY?  I BOUGHT THIS CD MAINLY FOR BAWITDABA AND DEVIL WITHOUT A CAUSE,  AND THEN I LISTENED TO THE REST OF THE SOUNDTRACK AND IT JUST AMAZED ME  EVEN MORE.   <br />IT'S FUNNY HOW SO MANY PEOPLE HATE KID ROCK BUT HE HAS SOLD  OVER 4 MILLION RECORDS.  HUMMMM THAT IS VERY INTERESTING DON'T YOU  THINK?   WELL IF YOU DON'T LIKE KID ROCK THATS FINE, BUT JUST DON'T  SAY THAT HE ISN'T TALENTED, I MEAN SHOW SOME RESPECT.  HOW MANY OF YOU CAN  DO ALL THAT STUFF THAT HE CAN?  PROBABLY NONE.  SO WHAT IF HE IS A WHITE  RAPPER?  HE'S GOOD AT IT AND HE'S MAKING $.  IF YOU GOT ANY COMMENTS OR  CONCERNS PLEASE EMAIL ME.
B00003003R|4.0|Live Guns N Roses.  To those of us with the Use Your Illusion Live videos, we have experienced the Gunners recorded live before.  But this set is the best thing for those of us who need this stuff on cd.  I would have given  it 5 stars if not for a few missing songs.  But on to the 4 stars.  I love  how the intro to the song &quot;Estranged&quot; from the live video is on  the cd but not with that version.  Axl sounds raw and yet still great.   Slash is as good as ever on these songs.  A pleasent surprise is the song  &quot;Used To Love Her&quot; from the GNR Lies cd.  I was very pleased with  that song and most of the others.  &quot;Sweet Child O Mine&quot; has that  classic riff and it sounds so nice on this cd.  It is clear and crisp.   In  short, this album is a must have for GNR fans everywhere.  If you are a  little bit of a fan, you will like this as a kind of &quot;Greatest  Hits&quot; package.  I reccomend this cd.  And also, check out the End of  Days soundtrack.  All the songs are bad but the first GUNS song in 8 years  is worth the money.  LONG LIVE AXL!
0451160916|5.0|That was one of the scariest books I've ever read!  The scene of room 217 frightened me the most, especially when the woman started to choke Danny.  I locked my door that night and the bathroom door.  I kept on looking out  the window for the bushes and made sure they weren't charging, that book  had some major cinematic effects.  Awesome
0451169514|4.0|Reading this book reminded me of just how outstanding a writer Stephen King truly is.  Sure, his work is highly commercial, and his stock in trade is horror and gore, but along the way he also manages to create gripping  plot lines played out by interesting and sympathetic characters whom he  portrays with remarkable depth.  Each one of the former &quot;losers&quot;  who comprise the core group that battles against It in this novel has a  distinct and fascinating background, and King tells each person's story  with passion and precision.  The overall story line in *It* is masterfully  woven through a combination of flashback and contemporary narration.  For  me, the only problems with the book are that the ending seems a bit  formulaic (made for the Big Screen, perhaps?) and that King chose to  include a gratuitious &quot;childhood sex&quot; scene that I, though  certainly no prude, think would better have been omitted.  All in all, *It*  is a darned good read, as Stephen King shows once again that he is as  skillful a writer as he is popular.
B00001ZULV|5.0|The first thing you notice when you take a look at this CD is that the tracks selected are mostly from the Phil Collins era - only two Peter Gabriel era (I Know What I Like and a Carpet Crawlers remake) and one Ray  Wilson era (Congo) songs are included. The Carpet Crawlers remake is superb  - it's so nice to hear Peter and Phil harmonising again after all these  years - but the other two tracks just sound out of place. It's pretty  obvious that the casual listener has very little interest in Gabriel-era or  post-Collins Genesis, so the only reason to include these tracks is to keep  the hardcore fans happy. <br />They needn't have bothered. Gabriel-era fans  have &quot;The Genesis Archives&quot; and the version of &quot;I Know What  I Like&quot; on here is the album version, not the 7&quot; version, so  there really is no reason to pick this up if you own all the Gabriel  albums, unless you need it to complete your collection. <br />The non-Collins  stuff could have been replaced by &quot;No Reply At All&quot; and &quot;Man  On The Corner&quot; and I, as a Gabriel fan, wouldn't have grumbled - after  all, whats wrong with the material Genesis produced in the 80s? It's pop,  sure enough, but it's good pop.<br />Having said all that, my only other  criticism is that the liner notes could have been more substantial -  there's note much here apart from writing credits. Okay, something along  the lines of &quot;The Genesis Archive&quot; book wouldn't have been  feasible, but I'm sure they could have got at least one band member to  write a little something.<br />Don't let that put you off. This is a great  album for the casual listener, who will have heard most of the stuff on  here, and if the &quot;I Know What I Like&quot; and &quot;Carpet  Crawlers&quot; get anyone interested in the Gabriel-era, then there's an  added bonus.
0790736942|5.0|...but it was a movie that HAS to be seen.This is one of the few movies that made my nights sleepless but as i said,you have to see this.
B000002C25|5.0|Eat my Magic Pie, it tastes like chicken
6305127646|4.0|A great movie, romace, action, adventure... everything a movie should have and more.  Will keep you on the edge of your seat the whole time with interesting twists throughout the movie.
B00002E285|5.0|I think the overwhelming response and the average rating of this film by amazon visitors is indicative of how great a film this is. I know there was one bad review but we must assume that he tends, as someone else noted,  towrds the multi-million dollar rock em sock em and blow em up kind of  flick. The Wall is nowhere near that. This movie is not about drugs at all,  In fact, if you made a little trip to your local library you would find  that this movie is almost a complete autobiography of ex-lead singer, Roger  Waters, as well as a condensed biography of the band. The allusion to the  war scenes are indicative of this since Waters father died in World War II,  and the scene where Geldof goes insane was actually inspired by their agent  having a nervous breakdown in his trailer. Further, you will come across a  song in there that is impossible to find and out of print now, called,  &quot;When The Tigers Broke Free.&quot; It is one of the most amazing songs  by Floyd and its a song in memory of Waters' father. Hence the boy dressing  up in the army surplus and reading the scroll that says it as such. This is  one of the few movies I can watch more than once without ever getting tired  of it. The symbolism is phenomenal, the animation is one to be reckoned  with, and the astounding performances by the actors and actresses cannot be  matched. If you are looking for an older movie that evokes thought while  drawing you in with its amazing songs, than this movie is for you. I will  probably get a lot of flack for this, but I think it would be safe to call  this movie a masterpiece. If you don't own it, you need to get it, and if  you already have it, then alas, you know the treasure you possess.
0800196341|3.0|okay...I don't want to offend anyone. I know much more about modern literature than I do Shakespeare, but as a critic and a fan of Shakespeare's work, I must say I was disappointed with this film. The  actors range from brilliant to annoying; the worst being Kenneth Branagh  and Kate Winslet: both are lifeless stage actors who are too insecure to be  on film.  They don't know when to be quiet and when not to yell.  Also,  Shakespeare's beautiful language is either spoken too fast or too slow.   Also, Hamlet was written in the Renaissance, therefore there were no  palaces of Enlightened Despots, and certainly no guns.  I think that the  cinematography and lighting was brilliant though, and that's probably why I  gave this pitiful movie 3 stars at best.  I wish Kenneth Branagh wasn't so  horribly arrogant and misdirected - oh wait, he directed himself...well,  anyway...don't get this movie.  Sorry that I had to be so negative...go buy  Othello or Macbeth.
B00002Z88D|4.0|This CD is just great! <br />I am one of those weird human beings that love classical music even though I am only 27! However I have been always in awe of Metallica's power and the beauty and complexity of their harmonies.  <br />Hetfield's voice is good but is the work of Hammet and the rythmic  section (Newsted in bass and Ulrich in drums)that make Metallica the most  brutal, complex and damn good band around! This CD exposes that aspect  totally.   These songs seem to have been composed right from the beginning  to be arranged and comented by a simphonic orchestra. They are not the  3-chords kinda songs. No, they are pretty complex, hat's why they sound so  good with an orchestra.<br />&quot;The Call of the Ktulu&quot; is wonderful.  &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; sounds a bit flat to be honest but they have  always had a bit of trouble playing it live. &quot;Of Wolf and Man&quot;,  &quot;The Memory Remains&quot;, &quot;Until it Sleeps&quot;, &quot;Wherever  I May Roam&quot; and &quot;Sad but True&quot; never sounded better! but is  &quot;One&quot; was the most brutal, the most dificult for the orchestra to  follow; however, they managed to pull of a wonderful job there and kept up  with the band admirabily. &quot;Enter Sandman&quot; has an incredible  &quot;bridge&quot; in which the orchestra plays a set of weird chords  keeping up with the tempo while everything is in silence, very slick and  &quot;Battery&quot; is wonderful too. Overall, a great CD even though some  songs sound a bit flat (specially Puppetz) but maybe it is because it's a  live album. <br />I'd love for them to do an studio album. This way we could  enjoy a lot more of the skillfulness that every single player has. And a  bigger, fatter, most powerful sound than the one we hear in this CD which  is definitely worth your money. <br />Don't miss it!
B000031XCR|5.0|This album is the pinnacle of the decade for Celine Dion.  As a person with a musical background, I can say that her music and voice truly depict what musical talent is.  Yes, some people say that she is middle of the  road, but you know what?  Celine Dion's music is decent, clean, very  powerful, and emotionally moving, both old songs and the new releases.   This album is fantastic!
B000006NPY|5.0|The Pumpkins have done it again.  Too bad they are being criticized for their courage and talent!  No wonder bands like Britney Spears and Limp Bizkit rule the airwaves now.  Thank you Billy and the rest of the  Pumpkins, for you have once again created a beautifully touching  masterpiece.  And, though I usually wouldn't make such a broad statement,  anyone who criticizes this cd is probably missing more than a few brain  cells.  Of course it is depressing, it is very sad and touching, I think I  even cried the first time I listened to it.  But isn't that a small price  to pay for something real and honest!   And as for the person who said  they &quot;sold out&quot; or whatever, when was the last time you heard one  of the songs on here on the radio!   Billy and the Pumpkins don't play for  the money, they play from the heart.  Touching, heartwarming, beautiful,  that's all I've got to say.  Peace.
6300269639|2.0|This is a movie that I did enjoy when I watched it several times back in the 80's.  Now, I feel a little different.  The character development was nice, but not as good as in the book.  The action is good, but some of the  speical effects were (even for 1982 standards) so-so.  The pan- and-scan  does not do justice at all, and the  planes look terribly out of  proportion.  The takeoffs that we see (off of both &quot;runways&quot;) are  poor at the end.<br />If you've read the book, don't watch the movie. If  you've seen the movie, read the book.  Even though you've seen the ending,  you'll enjoy the ride much more.  If you haven't done either, watch the  movie first.  And whatever you do, read the sequel, Firefox Down!  That  dogfight didn't go as well as you had hoped....
6304708521|1.0|free form,, without form,if they had written their songs as they did this video,they would be strawberry alarm clock.as an historical document it's fine,as a recording it's fair,it only has a limited amount of music,and  that was their brilliance.look at john's eyes when singing the walrus,he's  gone.paul had to be sedated,look at george,wiped.again,this is where they  were,slightly toasted on life.
B000002BUY|5.0|A great unpopular album that makes you bounce. SCIENCE deserves a better reaction from music fans for this album. I'd even consider REreleasing this album with a little more push in advertisement. The entire album flows with  &quot;Redefine&quot; opening to a surprise jam at the end.  &quot;Glass,&quot; &quot;Certain Shade of Green,&quot; hooked me.  But  &quot;Summer Romance(Anti-Gravity Song)&quot; is the classic here.  &quot;Deep Inside&quot; also takes you for a ride.  This album at times  reminds me of a rocking Faith No More but with more funk and well-placed  scratching to it. They definitely have their own sound. I've also heard  Incubus' other albums, but I think this album stands well above those(still  great albums) as well as the rest of the music making industry. SCIENCE is  a true 5 star album. Enjoy---CJ Manza
B000000WA4|5.0|I first heard this album years ago and it still lives on.. the soundscape and concept of this album are indescribable.  Billy Corgan may be the most talented musician alive and it shows.  These songs touch me probably more  than anything I've listened to.  It's very emotionally honest and sincere..  probably a good word to describe it would be &quot;manic-depressive&quot;  as it goes constantly from hard angry songs to soft depressing songs, or  love songs, but this is a good thing!   It is never boring and always  beautiful and incredible.  I also strongly recommend the Pumpkins' other  records, with the exclusion of Gish, which is good but not that great (and  don't believe all the garbage you've read about Adore, Pumpkins rule  forever! )
068484267X|5.0|Angela's Ashes is an EXCELLENT read.  If you are deeply moved by the strength of the human spirit and the hypocrisy of mankind - this book is a must read.  I read it in 2 days.
B000000H7I|5.0|this is one of the greatest albums that i have ever heard. not only is it fast and technical, but it is unbelievably heavy(which is a difficult combination to find. there is virtually no way to describe this music to  anyone who is not in some manner familiar with it. i played this for some  friends one night and they just could not take it. they did not believe  that this was possible to play live and it was all done with machines or  something.i wish that these guys were still around to do battle with  cryptopsy for world domination...please come back...
B000009DUY|3.0|When i saw the trailer the music they had which was from The American President another great soundtrack. I thought that the music used in the trailer worked better for those 3 minutes or so than the score it self.  Despite the great track Hymn To The fallen which is very moving and  powerful. But the rest just fails to develiver. I would buy this soundtrack  mainly because of Hymn To The fallen. Revisiting Normandy was a good track  but many of the others go on for to long and they jst don't move me like  the movie.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I was disappointed after first hearing this album, after all the hype, but after a while you realize it's well deserved.  Tightly produced and exececuted, OK Computer is pure genius.  The ending of &quot;Exit  Music&quot; and &quot;Let Down&quot; provide the emotional climax while the  last 3 songs lull you to sleep.. and I think &quot;The Tourist&quot; is the  most amazing thing I've ever heard.. essential listening.
0451169514|5.0|I just finished reading this book a couple of minutes ago.  Although it is a chilling horror story, quite frightening, this book meant so much more to me.  The beautiful reflections of what childhood and innocence are  throughout IT truly touched me.  King has a writing style that I feel is so  unique:  He succeeds in both terrifying you and making you think deeper  about things; about life in general, I suppose, for want of a better way of  putting it.  (I hope that didn't sound TOO trite.)  At any rate, this is an  absolute fantastic book, extremely well-written and meaningful, thoroughly  enjoyable and chilling, with nary a dull moment.  I can't wait to read  another King novel.
B000003BF1|5.0|This is one heck of a record. The Stones didn't have much talent so it was up to Ry Cooder to provide the genius and inspiration. Also, Merry Clayton's singing on Gimme Shelter is amazing.
0060976624|4.0|Christopher Buckley sure had foresight back in 1994. Five years ago, certain issues surrounding the tobacco industry, such as advertising bans  and tax hikes were still just a glimmer in Capitol Hill's eye.<br />Buckley  managed to nail these issues and more via satrical pro-smoking shenanigans  in his fictional work &quot;Thank You For Smoking.&quot;  A political  satire that doesn't let up, it is sometimes frighteningly absurd, sometimes  frighteningly real, and most of the time both.<br />&quot;Tobacco takes care  of its own&quot; is the motto of the Academy of Tobacco Studies, the  tobacco industry's main lobby in Washington, D.C.  And through relentless  strife, chief spokesman Nick Naylor discovers the different meanings this  motto can have.<br />After being all-but-canned by his boss Bud Rohrabacher,  (affectionately referred to as &quot;BR&quot;) NIck made a  &quot;brilliant&quot; appearance on the Oprah Show.  Launching into a  tirade, he defended smoking-induced lung cancer by accusing a government  official of &quot;manipulating tragedy to increase his budget,&quot; and by  pointing out that the government &quot;has been producing bombs capable of  giving every single person on this planet cancer.&quot;  Nick instantly  rises to superstar status, and is sent all over the U.S. to work his  magic.<br />Quickly becoming a pro-smoking icon, Nick, now with bodyguards in  tow, gives equally &quot;inspired&quot; performances withthe likes of Larry  King and Ted Koppel.  However, the use of such real and prominent public  figures is perhaps too harsh of a contrast next to the increasing absurdity  of the allegations Nick uses to support his stance.  (By any stretch of the  imagination would Larry King let his guest publicly say that there is no  link between smoking and disease?  Or would Ted Koppel let someone use  Nightline to start a campaign against Vermont cheddar cheese?)<br />But some  celebrity references are priceless.  Such as &quot;Edward Murrow, dearold  chain smoking Edward Murrow.&quot;  And a startling comment that Clinton  smokes cigars, &quot;but he doesn't light them.&quot;  (How timeless is  that?)<br />Nick is a very hated figure in this story.  However, the reader is  coaxed into feeling more pity than contempt, as Nick is just doing this job  &quot;to pay the mortgage&quot; and to pay for his 12-year-old son's  private education at the exclusive St. Euthanasius.  He finds salvation  with two lobbyist buddies, both in comparable fields--promoting guns and  alcohol.  They call themselves &quot;The Merchants of Death,&quot;  (hilariously dubbed &quot;The Mod Squad&quot;) and argue over death  statistics (which industry produces the most each year).<br />Relentless  banter makes this book a bit tedious, along with many flat characters that  are unwavering in their predictability.  But the reader will see different  sides of Nick as the story progresses.  At first he is portrayed as a  professional liar/talking head, but then his smarts come into play as he  makes his way out of the web of deceit the tobacco industry has spun around  him.<br />Although partially predictable, Buckley delivers a satisfying ending  that includes an evil twist, a chuckle, and a lesson that even though  circumstances may change, people don't
B000000993|3.0|Ok, hear me out.  I have total respect for Tool, I think they're incredible.  But this album is just way overrated!   I've tried to like it over and over but I can hardly listen past &quot;Sober&quot;. It sounds  like they just kind of &quot;gave up&quot; instead of making good use of  their talents. &quot;Intolerance&quot; is great, &quot;Prison Sex&quot; is  incredible, and of course &quot;Sober&quot;, but it gets thin after that..  except for most of &quot;Undertow&quot; and &quot;Disgustipated&quot;.  But  if you *really* want an incredible album, get &quot;Aenima&quot;. Trust me,  it's mind-blowing.
B00000J7J4|4.0|First, I must admit that I own no other Santana CDs.  I have never been a fan of his.  Not to say that I did not like his music--just that I had never been introduced to it.  But I was reading good things about this CD  and bought it mostly on faith and curiosity.<br />I ended up happy with the  purchase.  This is a great CD--really two different CDs in one.  The album  consists of the Santana songs that feature other artists.  Of those songs,  I particularly like the ridiculously catchy single &quot;Smooth&quot;, as  well as &quot;Put Your Lights On&quot; with Everlast.  I also liked  &quot;Love of My Life&quot;.<br />Then there are the pure Santana tracks,  which are equally impressive.  The man certainly can play a guitar (duh)  and I found myself really enjoying the music.  A very solid album, even for  a Santana novice such as myself.
630438551X|3.0|Baz Luhrmann's heart was in the right place by making this modernized adaptation of Romeo and Juliet. This film is an inventive way to introduce young people to the beautiful and poignant world of Shakespeare.  Unfortunately I believe that he might have underestimated the attention  span of today's youth by attempting to appeal to them with cartoon like  visual effects and a deafening soundrack. the Bard's poetry and the  relevance of this movie's modern environment should have been sufficient.  Unlike most people I feel that Dicaprio delivered an insightful and moving  performance as the young Romeo. Danes on the other hand was a weak Juliet  and should leave Shakespeare to the pros. John Leguizamo gave us an  intriguing and powerful Tybalt and this film's Mercutio is beyond compare.  Sadly enough, even with these performances acting as a strength for the  film, it's weaknesses and monumental cuts from the text will probably leave  most Shakespeare lovers cold.
B000002KDO|5.0|I'm a huge Sabbath/Ozzy fan and this album is the greatest!   Shivers run down my spine each time I listen to 'Into The Void' which is my favorite song.  For any young/old heavy metal fan this album is a must!  I mean  Paranoid is a very good album but this tops it.  This CD is addictive.  GET  IT NOW!   THE GREATEST HEAVY METAL ALBUM OF ALL TIME!
B000002NZO|4.0|Trespass is certainly an overlooked album in the history of Genesis. Recorded in 1970, and just after recording it, founding guitarist Anthony Phillips left the band and drummer John Mayhew were replaced with Steve  Hackett and Phil Collins respectively. The production is pretty good  considering the technology of it's day and being the band first real studio  album.<br />Trespass is a album that is leaps and bounds better than their  first album From Genesis To Revelation. On Trespass they have set a superb  foundation for what would follow in the next several years. The standout  songs are Visions Of Angels, Stagnation, Dusk, and The Knife.<br />Classic  elements such as Tony Banks sweeping mellotrons and organ, Mike  Rutherford's 12 string guitar and Peter Gabriel uniquely inflected singing  and accompanying flute would establish the signature sounds for the future  of Genesis' music.<br />There are two versions of this album availible, a  remastered edition that is part of Virgin's Records catalogue and a first  CD editon on MCA Records in the US and not part of Atlantic's remastered  catalogue. Get the new Virgin release.
6305627401|4.0|What is there to say about South Park?  The movie is absolutely brilliant--deliciously dirty and an incredibly smart satire.  The first viewing is, of course, the funniest, but the movie holds up well under  repeated viewings--especially for a movie that derives many of its laughs  from shock.<br />This DVD presents the movie very well, in anamorphic  widescreen.  And it includes trailers, which is nice.  However, I have to  take one star off for this DVD not being as good a presentation as it could  have.  I would love to see a Trey Parker/Matt Stone commentary.   Furthermore, I would have absolutely loved to see this DVD include the  feature from Boogie Nights in which you can jump directly to a song's  scene.  One click access to Uncle F**ka, What Would Brian Boitano Do?, La  Resistance, etc. would have been perfect.<br />Still, this DVD is currently  the best way to experience the movie, so pick it up if you're a fan.  But I  still want my Special Edition, Paramount.
B000002LE6|3.0|from eye no to the mind-numbing annie stesia this was a disc that appeared to be a must have.but after A.S. the disc falls flat and goes all over the place.still though it felt like prince unlike the last 11 years.
0451169514|5.0|I first read IT when it came out in the mid-80's and have reread it twice. The book is an excellent story that keeps you reading and reading. Even knowing the plot and the outcome doesn't prevent you from enjoying this  book. For anyone who hasn't read a King novel-start with IT.
B000002A3T|4.0|The Division Bell features David Gilmour, Nick Mason and Rick Wright coming together and recording a very unified and reflective Pink Floyd album. All three with bassist Guy Pratt were the primary performers on the  album produced once again by Gilmour and Bob Ezrin.<br />The album's primary  theme is the breakdown of communication between people. The opening track  Cluster One is a eerie and atmospheric collage of sounds and music. What Do  You Want From Me features Gilmour's howling guitars. Poles Apart is a  etheral and somber song. Marooned is a instrumental reeking of atmosphere  and ironically earned the band it's first grammy award. Take It Back is a  earnest and anthemic song about man's relationship with the earth, Lost For  Words is apparently about Roger Waters, and the closing song High Hopes is  a powerful and uplifting song about one's past, present and future.<br />The  Division Bell may not be a true return to epic the albums of their past but  it a welcomed return for Pink Floyd as a true working unit and showing that  their music can stand up on it's own and not just in the shadows of their  past.
079284209X|4.0|Why this didn't do better at the box office mystifies me. It has all of the essential elements of a great action movie. It is front to back excitement with an unusual and well executed plot The car chase is the best  I've ever seen, ( makes all the usual &quot;classics&quot; look tame -  sorry Steve McQueen) The characters are well structured and believable and  the acting is first rate. What more could you want? Watch it - you won't be  sorry
B0000025JT|5.0|together with barry gibb this disc is a must have what kind of fool and woman in love are still gems and sound great today.only neil diamond brought out the same quality in barbara as does barry gibb.
B00002Z88D|1.0|Oh, for heaven's sake,  do yourself a favor and listen to Rage's &quot;Lingua Mortis&quot; or &quot;XIII&quot; if you want to hear a METAL band USE an orchestra, instead of pointlessly grafting them on for a  holiday publicity stunt.  This turns my gut, and not in a good way.  It'll  sell millions.  Hooray.  I can't stand it.
B000002C1W|5.0|This was my first entry into the world of Pink Floyd back in 1987. Over the next several years I had gotten their classic albums and got to see the Division Bell concert in 1994. <br />Despite the abrupt changes within Pink  Floyd's band dynamics, A Monentary Lapse Of Reason is still a great and  richly textured rock album. Yes, Roger Water's searing and thought  provoking vision is gone but David Gilmour is very much a musical force and  creates a album worthy of the Pink Floyd banner. Bob Ezrin is once again  involved as co-producer.<br />1983's The Final Cut was a &quot;Pink  Floyd&quot; album but essentially it was a Roger Waters solo album. The  same could be said for AMLOR being Gilmour's solo work. This isn't a single  &quot;binding concept&quot; album but it does have a rich thematic  atmosphere to it.  The songs have an edge yet Gilmour doesn't wallow in the  doom and gloom as Roger Waters is known to do.<br />Gilmour delivers some of  his best playing yet including the powerful and bone-chilling album finale  Sorrow. In my opinion this song is one of the all time classics.<br />Learning  To Fly, One Slip, On The Turning Away and Yet Another Movie are also  terrific songs. I own all of the classic albums and I'm a knowledged Pink  Floyd fan and 12 years after it's release I still often listen to it which  says a lot for it's quality. I don't dispute that DSOTM, WYWH, Animals and  The Wall are classics, but here David Gilmour is allowed to spread his  wings and offer something a little different to lore of Pink Floyd
B00000IL1K|5.0|According to the good reviews on this site, I bought &quot;Eden&quot; and I was not disappointed at all. She is truly an amazing singer, she can sing from opera to pop like flipping the hands ! I liked the title song Eden a  lot, I just cranked it up and let it rip.  Other excellent songs are  &quot;So many things&quot;, &quot;Dust in the wind&quot;, &quot;Deliver  me&quot;,&quot;Only an ocean away&quot;,&quot;The last words you said&quot;  and more . . .  You cannot dislike this CD. And if you like this CD, wait  until you see the &quot;Eden&quot; video, it's a treat to your eyes and  ears (and more good songs) !
B000002KMV|3.0|this disc starts off strong with the title track,sexuality&amp;do me baby then goes down and doesn't pick up again until lets work.it's basically dirty mind part 2 with less shock but more groove.but nothing on the order  of 1999.
B0000025ZK|4.0|Most certainly an underrated solo album from Pink Floyd's legenday guitarist. This is a not a Pink Floyd styled album what so ever. The songs are more relaxed and diverse..A nice mix of Rock, jazz/blues, ballads and a  rather haunting instrumental.<br />Teamed with master producer Bob Ezrin and  backed by musicians including Jeff Porcaro, Pino Palladino, Ian Kewley,  with Michael Kamen adding his orchestrated touch. On this album David  Gilmour is able to stretch out a bit and develop a diverse collection of  songs. Two songs were co-written with The Who's Pete Towshend. <br />Standout  songs include Until We Sleep, Murder, Out Of The Blue, All Lovers Are  Deranged, You Know I'm Right and Near The End.
B000002NE4|5.0|Nick Cave is Christ, and I am a believer
B00000K19E|3.0|Those intending to play this disk on DVD-ROM should be aware that it will not play on your regular software but insists on installing PC-Friendly, which is actually a pretty lame player. It might insist on updating various  drivers as well. To top it off, if you have the Creative Encore software,  the picture won't play at the correct aspect ratio till you figure out how  to swap into your regular player and change it. Altogether it took me over  an hour to get the movie up and running properly, and it stuck me with  software I don't want and don't like. Rude!
B000002J2D|5.0|This is a terrific album in every sense for Genesis. Songs that evoke the early albums with Peter Gabriel to songs that would bring a wider audience to the band in the 1980's.<br />The departure of Steve Hackett whose acoustic  and textured guitar work was an element that helped to define Genesis'  sound on the previous six studio albums is missing here but Mike Rutherford  is more than able as a guitarist himself. The drumming of Phil Collins and  Tony Banks electric piano and synthisizers really dominate this new  sounding album from Genesis.<br />This is a vibrent and diverse sounding  Genesis album and unlike a number of their contemporaries, showed they  could adapt to the changes in the music world without abandoning their  musical strengths. <br />Standout songs include Down and Out which is a harsh  sounding rocker..Snowbound, a elegant and romantic wintery song.. Deep In  The Motherload, a rocker about the getting caught up in the legendary Gold  Rush..Many Too Many, a haunting ballad about a man who's lost his way, Two  wonderful songs that evoke the Gabriel Years..Scenes From A Night's Dream  and The Lady Lies. and Follow You and Follow Me..their breakthrough single.
0783237979|4.0|Excellant production a must for you video collection.  The songs and dancing are delightful.
B000001ZS8|5.0|This album really opens my mind to an unexplainable realm. I am an artist (in my own mind) and this album is definaetly music to draw to, because I draw abstract and his music is very abstract. This album is good as far as  Im concerned, hmmm ok thats it.
B000021XR5|5.0|No. 4 is certainly not as catchy as &quot;Core&quot; or &quot;Purple&quot;, it actually takes a few listens before you can really appreciate it.  However, I would have to rank this among their best work.   For those reviewers complaining that STP's past two releases are not as  heavy as &quot;Core&quot;, perhaps that proves that they are trying a new  direction and deserve credit for it because I believe it would be easy for  them to write another &quot;Core.&quot;  But instead, with &quot;Tiny  Music&quot; and now &quot;No. 4&quot; they have opted to expand their  musical scope.  This album does have some extremely heavy moments:  &quot;Down&quot; and &quot;Heaven &amp; Hot Rods&quot;, but for the most  part, it is a display of STP's ever-expanding range of sounds.  &quot;Sour  Girl&quot; sounds almost like a cheesy 80's love song, but somehow, it is  very moving.  This is the genius of STP.  &quot;Glide&quot; and &quot;I Got  You&quot; also work well.  But the most memorable song from this album is  without a doubt &quot;Atlanta&quot;, a haunting, majestic song in which  Scott Weiland sounds almost exactly like the late, great Jim Morrison.   Perhaps this album is not filled with as many catchy tunes as  &quot;Core&quot; or &quot;Purple&quot;, but &quot;Down&quot; will no doubt  get your blood boiling and &quot;Atlanta&quot; will cause the hairs on your  neck to stand on edge.  No. 4 may not quite be &quot;Led Zeppelin 4&quot;  but it at times is as heavy as &quot;Core&quot; while being as creative as  &quot;Tiny Music&quot; and that is really all an STP fan can ask for from  this great band.
6304011431|5.0|Wonderfully sad.  It gives you one of those I'm sobbing my eyes out but I've never felt better kinda feelings.  The movie was a little bit akward and jumpy, but it had these moments that were just SO BEAUTIFUL.  The  acting was just superb.  It was so extremly touching.  Definatly worth  seeing.
0784011796|5.0|Regardless of what other's say, I myself am madly in love with the indie film industry, and I think that PI is absolutly wonderful.  My friend Angela and I watch it at least once a week, and every time I find something  else to ponder.  This is genius!
B00000IKSC|3.0|I'm a huge backstreet boys fan. This video is too old! I recently went to a concert on their *millenium Tour* and it was so much better. There were better dance moves, better singing, and better effects. I saw flying teddy bears, confetti, fire, fireworks, flying Brian, Nick, Aj, Howie and Kevin,  et cetera. I think the video is o.k, but seeing the real thing is alot  better.
B000021Y7W|5.0|Stop Making Sense is one of the best movies ever created by a band. It shows the hard work of this group and they have definetly come a long way!
B00000FCBC|4.0|Fans of Metallica's old stuff and tag-alongs alike should like Garage, Inc. The second disc is taken from the old, quasi-rare &quot;Garage Days&quot; recordings, while the songs on the first disc are newly recorded  covers. What they have in common is that they rock. I own every Metallica  album except Reload, which should give you a clue of what my idea of rock  is. Old-school fans of the band should buy Garage Inc for &quot;Am I  Evil?&quot; and &quot;Blitzkreig&quot;, which originally appeared on Kill  'Em All, and for newer gems like &quot;Die Die My Darling&quot; and  &quot;Turn the Page&quot;. &quot;Breadfan&quot; is also excellent, and  &quot;So What&quot; is amusing. More recent fans of the band should enjoy  the band's most recent project, and the look at its past and inspirations.  If you like Metallica, at any stage of their development, you'll like  Garage, Inc.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This is the best( behind ride the lightning of coure).  For a live metallica it is amazing.My only dissapointments were they didnt do Fade to Black, Sanitarium, seek and destroy, or either unforgiven. butother than  that .  ROCK ON
079073804X|5.0|This is the most frightening movie ever! You will be scared beyond belief.  Sensitive veiwers should steer clear.
B0000024ZT|5.0|We all know  Born to Run and  The River and these are great albums.  But if you love Bruce, this is the one you must have!  It was his first studio album and the best he ever put out.  The lyrics in these songs brings you  through his painful, drug fenzied, lonely, and sexy moments from his early  life.   For You is probaly his best and most underrated tune.  It will give  you goosebumps when he screams out  &quot;and who am I to ask you to lick  my sores...&quot;  Spirit in the Night and  Blinded by the Light are the  best known hits from this record.   Growing Up is the rebel's anthem and   The Flood will rip your heart out.  So if you are a Bruce fan you must add  this to your collection.  But understand, this is not  Born in the USA or  Tunnel of LoveIt is wild, young, and raw!
B00000IBRX|5.0|The story in and of itself is cliche, it has great special effects and it really touched my heart.  More importantly, it reminded me of the kind of relationship I have with my husband and that I will never find something  this special in anyone else.  I saw the movie at a time when I was going  through a period of doubt.  Doubt in myself and in my relationships with  others, including my husband.  In the end, it was his unconditional love  and constant support or me during my struggle that helped me find myself  again.  He may not have been there had it not been for the powerful impact  of several influences on my life, this movie included.  I think all  soulmate lovers need to see this movie as a reminder of what they have in  each other.
B000002KD9|5.0|This is one of the greatest rock and roll albums ever released.  Great lyrics, great music, and great vibes.  Neil is absolutely soothing in &quot;Only Love can Break your Heart&quot; and truthfully brutal in  &quot;Southern Man&quot;.  Hell, how many artists write a song that  provokes another hit song.  (Sweet Home Alabama)  Neil's best song is on  this album; &quot;Don't Let it Bring You Down&quot;.  Song writing at its  best!
6303327974|5.0|This is, in my opinion, one of the most remarkable movies of the 90s. This movie is hard to define... It's very pure, very strong, and, what can i say, very good. This movie worked for me from the very beginning to the  very end. It thrills.. See it...
B0000062GE|4.0|My rage.  My rage. My Darkest Days.  This album is excellent and one of my favorite albums of l998.  It's still one of my favorite albums.  Standout tracks include &quot;Haunting Me&quot;, &quot;The Thing I Hate&quot;,  &quot;You Complete Me&quot; and Waking Up Beside Me&quot;. Although this  album is excellent, I still do not think it is as good as &quot;Wither  Blister Burn and Peel&quot;.  This album is well worth your time!
B00001OH7N|5.0|What makes &quot;The Man Who Sold the World&quot; stand apart from all his other albums is that it's raw.  While on most of his albums, Bowie is the only standout force, on this one equal attention is paid to vocals,  guitars, bass, and drums.  The reason I like this album more than his other  rock albums like &quot;Ziggy Stardust&quot; and &quot;Diamond Dogs&quot; is  that it is free from that 50s camp feel that the others have, not that  those albums are not spectacular.  &quot;The Width of a Circle&quot; is an  ideal opening number for the album, because it embodies the album's raw and  rebelious feel.  For David Bowie this album is also very under-produced,  but in a good way.  For some reason to me the only track that seemed out of  place was the title track.  It's my favorite song on the album, but it's  too heavily produced for the album.  As with the other EMI re-issues, the  remastering is among the best I've heard since the Jimi Hendrix remasters.   Please buy this album, it is like no other David Bowie album you've heard.
B0000214F2|1.0|I do think Robin Williams is a unique talent but his messianic complex is getting out of hand.  I am not suprised that this manipulative piece of fluff was made or that it is bad, but the adoring reception given by much  of the American public astonished me.  However, the number of people who  loved this film does give insight into condition of the American political  system and how we wind up with the leaders we do.  For this film, there  should be a zero star category.
0060987464|4.0|The book has some amazing parts that truly captizate you. But some parts are so boaring and so unintresting finsihing reading that chapter is like one of those damned books they made us read in Jr. High. Buy it and you'll  like it. Its just not all smooth sailing.
B000002TPS|5.0|I get tired of old Megadeth fans unhappy that this band hasn't stayed the same.  I don't blame them for being radio friendly.  Most of the fans who criticize them would sing Milli Vanilli tunes if it meant making a few  bucks! Killing..was my first album from them, and it changed the way I  listed to metal.  Take a little good from old and new.....don't be stuck in  the past.
6305546797|5.0|What can I say!  This is the best DVD I have seen yet. Not only is it crammed with special features it also has not one, not two, but three versions of the film on it.  If you have ever seen this film on video then  you will know that the quality of the picture and the sound was very poor.  This new THX mastered version has been touched up a treat.  The sound is  excellent and the picture so crisp, if it wasn't for the clothes, you would  think it was a new film. Other DVD manufacturers should sit up and take  note.  This should be the future of DVD.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|Their first CD was okay but this one is the bomb!  The whole CD is so enjoyable and it has great variety of upbeat songs and great ballads.  My favorites are &quot;I Knew I Loved You&quot;, &quot;The Animal Song&quot;,  &quot;Affirmation&quot;, and &quot;The Best Thing&quot;.  This CD is  definitely a winner.  If you don't have this CD, get it today!
B000001G5H|5.0|This recording cannot be rated. Owning the recording both on LP and CD, I can truly tell you that although the CD further crystalizes Pollini's immaculate piano sound, it is a great reading. It is , as far as I am  concerned, THE only recording of the chopin etudes that you'll need. Buy it
0312853238|4.0|Sci-fi lover or not, this book might be for you.  Ender's Game is a story which has created a following.  The next 3 books in the series are much more adult in content told at a more subtle pace.  In them, the  continuation and maturity of thoughts brought forth in this initial  masterpiece of a story of a brilliant child with a military mind and a  savior's heart unfolds.  Although people can relate to the story whether  they see themselves inside of it or not, it has capivated an audiences of  young and brilliant minds as well as provided a key to leadership tactics  with every reread.        I hardly read sci-fi so I was reluctant to pick  up this book once recommended, but continued through the series of all 4 at  a rapid pace.  It devoured me inside and I escaped with my mind juiced with  a vision of philotics, societal tendancies, and humanity I could only hold  in thought for moments at a time.  Card put words to the concepts behind  the world's makeup, human makeup, and relationship.  Some done brilliantly,  others I disagreed with or felt were left undone, yet I was always happy to  see his ability to swiftly get a concept across.        I'm not a sucker  for prolific writing styles, rather suffering from a necessity to not be  bored, and this book and series delivered.   My only regret is that after  reading the news that Card wanted someone to write Shadow for him before  changing his mind and reclaiming the project, I didn't send him my notes on  what I'd already had in mind.  Turns out he came through again.        If  you fancy yourself as smarter than most, had a childhood of more brains  than were popular, or harbor desires to save the world, this first book (or  Ender's Shadow) will suck you in.  If you have a desire to find words to  put behind your theories of HOW and WHY, the next 3 are for you too.
B0000296SI|5.0|Every song on this cd is great!
B00000JMQE|5.0|This movie is one of my all time favorites. As a child, I watched it over and over and over again.  My parents would groan every time my sister and I picked it up from the video store. This land of Oz is more real than the  happy, musical land of the Wizard of Oz.  Princess Mombe is a fantastic  villian, with her lovely-head collection and wheeler lackeys.  My favorite  character is Belina(spelling?), the practical talking chicken.  Those  die-hard fans of the Wizard of Oz may find this movie sacriligeous.  Yet,  those of you who love mystical,beautiful new worlds will adore this movie!
B000002NIW|3.0|Well, I think the song &quot;My Own Summer (shove it) is awesome, and so is &quot;Be Quiet And Drive&quot;. Besides that, this album is lacking here and there. The Deftones have a great sound, no doubt. Although they sound  well, they need more beat changes, and guitar riffs. I think they need to  go a little more past your simple bar chords and power chords. While it  sounds good, variety is the spice of life. I say it's still a good album,  but don't expect too much. <br />If you like songs that really rock, try  &quot;My Own Summer&quot;. You should be pleased, but not overjoyed.
B00000K19E|5.0|Good story line.....Lacks a bit on acting but makes up for it in special effects...
B0000057C5|5.0|The gods of industrial metal return with a great album. On stage they're amazing, and in the stereo they're equally stunning. The guitars are super, with good rythems and tunes... although lacking some of the solos that were  in the album &quot;Herzeleid&quot;. Nevertheless, this album is as dark as  it is inspirational. <br />With beat, techno, metal, and rock Rammstein take  you through amazing tracks like &quot;Sehnsucht&quot;, &quot;Engel&quot;,  &quot;Spiel Mit Mir&quot;, and &quot;Stripped&quot; (only on newer  versions). &quot;Stripped&quot; is an interesting remake of a Depeche Mode  song. <br />This is the album we will be listening to at the end of the world,  the sound is appropriate... but not scary... it fits. <br />&quot;Engel&quot;  has a euro sound to it with the whistle sounds, and techno rythems and good  instrumentals. The powerful vocals are performed by Till Lindemann, who's  voice one could recognize anywhere.<br />This album is definetly a classic!
B00000JGOH|5.0|When I saw this movie for the first time in the movie theatre I was not impressed. I thought it was a good movie, but I did not think it was the greatest movie ever. I saw the movie again this past September. That is  when I fell in love with this movie. I really paid attention to the subtle  lines in the script and to the enormously talented actors on the screen.  After that viewing I ordered the soundtrack (which I also highly  recommend). Everything about this movie is good and that is why you should  watch it.
B00000J7J4|5.0|The music is awesome. Head and shoulders above anything else you hear coming out these days. Play it loud!
0790729652|5.0|Batman is such a great movie - when I think about what the series has become it disturbs me greatly. The original, which is by far the best, shows a dark and gothic Gotham city yet still has a hint of light-hearted  fantasy (which sadly Batman Returns lacks). Burton is undoubtedly one of  the best director's around - check out Sleepy Hollow if you like his other  movies. Batman Returns has a very creative and &quot;Burton-esque&quot;  visual style, yet it's so unrelentingly dark it can't compare to the first,  and the best.
0783233477|4.0|Being an atheist, I have to admit I had some doubts about this film.   However, I found it hypnotic and compelling  primarily due to the superb direction and the quite awe-inspiring performance by Brad Pitt who seemed  to draw almost untapped depths from, especially, Hopkins and Forlani. For  me, Brad Pitt (who I admire anyway) gave one of the finest screen  performances I have ever seen.... and I'm somewhat ancient !<br />I was  astonished at the almost unbearablely slow pace of some scenes, especially  the sequence of Death's first appearance (the duet with Hopkins and the  following dinner party) :  that pace should have lost audience attention  and made the film collapse, quite the contrary : what tension it attained.    Brilliant !<br />I had very little criticism until the end and was so sad  that it fell into schmaltz and sentimentality.   The ending surely should  have been inevitable, either at the departure of Bill and Death across the  bridge or, alternatively, Bill should have been discovered dead, perhaps in  the house.  Unfortunately, due to the ending, my credibility was lost in  the last few minutes with the return of the Man in the Coffee Shop.   It is  the ending which prevented me from giving the film the full five stars !
0790731452|4.0|Yes, it's true - the story in Mars Attacks! is a bit far-fetched and it often seems very cheesy, but it's like that ON PURPOSE. A big part of this movie is a satire of cheesy &quot;little green men from space&quot; movies  (such as Plan 9 From Outer Space). Tim Burton once again shows that he is  one of the best directors around, lending this film a style totally unique  and still totally Burton. The performances, for what they are, are good and  the movie is quite funny. The special effects are done perfectly - yeah the  aliens look like they're made of rubber, just how they should. If you take  this movie for what it is and don't expect a masterpiece of cinema  (although it is a triumph of style, direction, production, and art  direction as all of Tim Burton's movies are) then you'll find a great  little movie here.
B000000OSE|1.0|First of all this piece is nowhere near Appetite for Destruction, okay?  Now that we've got that clear, let me just say this, along with Use your Delusion II, this is one of the most disappointing albums I've ever been ripped off on.  The best song on this album is worse than the worst song  off of Apetite.  Buncha piano-driven tear jerker ballads. What a joke!  At least USE YOUR ILLUSION 2 has Civil War and Locomotive.  This one has  nothing.  NOTHING!  I'm sure I'm not the only fan who gave up on GNR  after this mess.
B0000024JN|5.0|This is the best cd they have ever recorded. Not only with the sweet adrock style music but the number of good songs they have on this cd. I say go out and get it.
B00000K19E|5.0|After seeing this movie and the short film on the  making of same, I am happy to give the 5 star rating.  The special effects, unusual treatment of the usual violence and premise of humans as losers in a war with AI makes  this movie special. It is a cartoon storyboard come to life, literally, on  the screen. The two young fellows who made it have got the creative stuff!   Hope they can keep it up and bring more unusual movies to us.
B00000DGUG|2.0|Somewhere between Jagged Little Pill and Infatuation Junkie, Alanis forgot how to write a song without making a list or starting each phrase with the same few words (e.g.I was hoping, Thank U, Are you still mad).  I could go  on about my sadness.  I could go on mourning her former song writing skills  (you oughta know, comes to mind).  I could go on making my point, but going  on this way would be boring, like most of her new material.  Granted Ironic  and a couple others on Pill had the same repetition structures, but not to  the annoying level as the songs on Junkie. Ironically, I like her new live  album, though.  She is a great live performer. . .no Tori Amos, but great.
B000009QPE|5.0|This album is brilliant.  This is just damn fast.  The album is produced really well by Rick Rubin.  Who produced the Beastie Boys, then in 1998 produced an album for an unknown band; System of a Down.  This album is so  great that it will make you wonder, Metallica who?
B00002MZ12|5.0|I Like all! , She has a BeautiFUL vOICE. What more can I say
B000002W9Q|5.0|From the first I've had the time of my life to In the Still of the Night! This is CD is so amazing! I've had the tape since I was young when it first came out and I wasn't old enough to watch the movie(certain scenes...haha)  but I snuck it in anyway. If I couldn't see the movie I listened to the  Soundtrack and it completely stands on it's own. It's a great collection of  songs, from a movie or not! The soundtrack mixed in with new songs and  classics are amazing! This CD is a definitely good for a significant other.  &quot;Just a Fool to beleive I have anything she needs, she's like the  wind&quot; - She's like Wind, Patrick Swayze
B000002UA2|5.0|read some of the reviews and i concur with those who see the work as a necessary predecessor to 'dark side of the moon' and post works. seems to me it's right to say they could not have progressed to their more stellar  works were it not for 'obscured by clouds' ... which for me, is as  treasurable as any of their works. while i have not heard the cuts for a  time (until tonight) 'mudmen' comes to mind as one of the more -esque works  of the group ... and 'wot's ... uh, the deal' is also particularly  memorable for its simple melody while also expressing a philosophic message  for those who were exiting the 60s (and all that transpired in those  wonderfully memorable days)! all good things are better when shared (buy it  and share it)! and ... if you decide it's rubbish, please do as jeeprod has  done (offer it to others who find it a worthy)!
630349255X|5.0|This is a movie of absolute brilliance.  Not only should it be shown in schools, but also seen by every other person. The intensity and exactness was astounding and touching.  Learning not only about the world but also  about yourself is wonderful and frightening. The scenes from around the  world are captured with such honesty and put together with music to match.  A masterpiece that will be hard to beat.
6305627347|5.0|My mom didn't want me to see it, infact I wasn't aloud to see anything remotly related to south park til this summer when my great uncle Don showed my Dad a couple episodes and he was rolling on the floor  laughing.<br />Granted, there are alot of cuss words, and because of that its  not for the extremeley religous or for those who think something must be  absoluteley clean to be funny a.k.a. people with no sense of  humor.<br />Basicly this movie is about itself, and what could happen, taking  a satirical view of censorship in america. Its funny how comedy can be a  good protest for the way things are. In it the boys see a rated R movie  with alot of cuss words and they start repeating them, and their moms get  into fits. This movie is funny with the main plots, the little side  storries, and the unforgettable music. This has so many little memorable  tunes. I just hope people don't go overboard with this movie, get past the  language and find the comedic genious underneath, but hey, I'm just a kid.
B000001EMW|5.0|in one word:  Powerful.  This album is a must for those who have diverse musical interests, and wish to hear Metallica's music in an entirely different light.  I sincerely believe that &quot;The Unforgiven&quot; is  done better on this album than Metallica's original.
B000006045|5.0|&quot;Mezzanine&quot; is Massive Attack's crown. It is with no doubt their best album. The instrumentation is well thought out and carefully crafted to fit their unique lyrics like a glove. From the lull of &quot;Angel&quot;  to the head bobbin' &quot;(Exchange)&quot;, this album will keep the owner  and other listener's happy.
B000002NE4|5.0|This Recording in my mind was one of his best, a much softer side then most of the sounds in his other albums.....It was amazing On top of Nick Caves  hypnotizing deep voice the music is just as relaxing..I loved it
B000000WHX|5.0|Massive Attack's debut album &quot;Blue Lines&quot; will amaze most any music fan. The group's funky, intellectual music form is bound together with plastic beats and elastic rhythms. Thoughtful lyrics and guest vocals  make Massive Attack who they are. Guests include Tricky Kid, Shara  Nelson,and the everpopular Horace Andy. The album is set on the base of  trip hop,it is the precedent for other musicians experimenting with this  style and ultimately making it their own music form.
0393317552|5.0|This is a real tour-de-force. Jared Diamond is one in a million, w/expertise in linguistics, New Guinea, anthropology, evolution and more. Drawing on all of these areas and others, he gives the only convincing  explanation I've read of why Eurasian technology &amp; culture have come to  dominate the world. For those like me who enjoy reading about natural  history, this is a genuinely fascinating book.
B000003TA4|1.0|Badly written songs, untuneful vocals, poor lyrics, non existent musicianship, sloppy guitars, simplistic bass, lacklustre drums, depressing imagery, appalling band, terrible album, don't buy it!
0425129586|5.0|I read this book and I could not believe how outstanding it was. I just couldn't seem to put it down. If you buy this book you can trust me that it was a great investment. You can read this book one million times and not be  bored with it. Please get it today! :):):)
B000031XCR|5.0|I have not listened to this cd but the cover looks good and I think it would be very hard for it to be bad. And that thing about judging a book by its cover is stupid. How can you have a cover like that and it not be good?  And please if you liked this review say so.
B000006FYP|1.0|Here is my review as  intelligent as this movie.If you think this movies great, Your brain is full of doody!Love, the Riddler.
B000002U82|5.0|every track on this cd is a hit to me, it offer's a wide series of melodies and sounds for the mind to create images that relate to the music,I love this cd and will treasure it forever and so will my  kid's.thank you for letting me review this cd.Carmelo G. Roldan
B000005PRX|4.0|Though this is the best of all the batman movies, I still can't give it five stars.  There were just too many sub-plots for (screenplay writer) Daniel Waters to tie together in its 126 minutes of screen time. True, Tim  Burton created a darker atmosphere than his first Batman film, but just how  seriously can you take an army of penguins with candy- cane missils tied to  there backs? The other thing that saves this movie is Michelle Pfeiffer's  role as catwoman. Her relationship with Michael Keaton's Batman was five  times more interesting than Kim Basingers helpless character.In fact,I seem  to remember rumours that they were considering a Catwoman movie with her as  the star.I must stress that if you like your Batman &quot;campy&quot; the  first two movies aren't for you .All in all, this second movie was Batmans  shining moment in tinsle town.
B00000AFHM|5.0|To Belle and Sebastian: Stop being so reclusive.  Come to Atlanta and play a show.  And while you're at it, let me join your band.<br />I love all their stuff.  But to me their music has gotten better each album, not worse.   This is their best album.
B000002MP2|3.0|I bought it for &quot;when I come around&quot; but found the rest to be pretty good, too -especially &quot;pulling teeth.&quot;  This CD takes a while to get used to, but then is great.  Pretty good lyrics, all done in  good fun.
0694009792|5.0|My daughter, Jessica, is now almost 12 years old. But, when she was just the first sparkle in my eye we were given this book. Her very first. Even then, she would have me read it to her over and over again, all the while  she was finding the hidden mouse. I believe for sentimental reasons, it is  still her most favorite book. Only now, she enjoys reading to me (and I  find the mouse).
0441172717|5.0|My grandmother first raved about this book when I was younger, but my first exposure to the story was the movie. I did not understand all that took place in the movie, so I read the book (I did the same thing with  2001).  I was overwhelmed by the depth of the story and it's implications.   This book is not just for Sci-Fi fans: It helps to understand how cultures  come to differ, it is an epic (coming of age) story, and it blazes a trail  for those who want to learn how far imagination can take you.  This book  immerses you into the venue of religion AND politics, leaving you with  comparing our world at any time with the universe described in it's pages.   Sci-Fi fan or not, you would truly miss out on a literary classic if you  just saw the movie, or didn't read it at all.
0805062971|3.0|I did with this one just what everyone usually says not to, I saw the movie first. It got me so excited about the ideas, the characters, the plot, that I rushed out to get the book. And was disappointed. Don't get me  wrong, Palahniuk has great ideas and writes biting dialogue better than any  I've read by someone trying to latch on to the GenX pop-talk in along  while. But he leaves out a greater desperation, a greater general statement  about the men of which he writes, a sense of purpose that sadly I found in  the movie. If you've seen the movie, don't bother. But if not, then maybe,  just maybe, this'll have something to offer you...
B000023VR6|5.0|THE ALBUM WAS ON THE BOMB. DR.DRE YOU ARE STILL THE SHI*. THE ALBUM WAS VERRY WELL PUT TOGETHER. THE PRODUCTION OF THIS ALBUM WAS OFF THE HOOK, AND LOCKED DOWN SUPER TIGHT. <br />KEEP IT REAL.                                 PEACE. INTALECT
0385484518|5.0|This book touched my heart and showed that  you should never run away from your past because it will come back. I am looking foward to see on T.V. tomorrow
B0000041Z6|4.0|Let me start off by saying the playing on this set is nothing short of phenomenal. The ensemble and quality of performance is far higher in general than any other set out there, including Bernstien's, Inbal's, and  Haitnik's. There are some downsides, however. Solti's interpetations can be  a little shallow at times. The only symphony he really misses the mark on  is the third, where despite amazing work from the orchestra, the conductor  seems to be on the warpath, stopping for nothing. The result is very  colorless and unfeeling. The other symphonies, however, are very well done.  Don't let these versions be your only hearings of these works, but you  won't be let down by them either.
B000001EHS|3.0|Def Lep rocks, but, I must say, I really wish this had a better representation from High and Dry. That is, by far, one of the most kicking albums ever. And to not include &quot;High and Dry&quot;, &quot;Let it  Go&quot; and &quot;Lady Strange&quot;...that hurts.
6305609691|5.0|It is nice to see that some studios understand that when they &quot;re-master&quot; these movies that the consumer wants them to take advantage of the DVD features. Listening to the Jungle in 5.1 is really  spooky. My only complaint is thet they should have incuded the documentary  Hearts of Darkness.  Your Purchase of this DVD will encourage the studios  to release more old classics the &quot;right way&quot;, and you won't be  dissapointed.
B00002MZ12|5.0|Alanis is best in an acoustic setting, and she really shows her stuff here, on &quot;Unplugged.&quot; She breathes new life into her hits from Jagged Little Pill, and highlights songs from Supposed Former Infatuation  Junkie. The new songs are wonderful, and finely crafted. My favorite is  &quot;No Pressure Over Cappucciono.&quot; BOTTOM LINE: GO BUY THIS CD!
B000002BE9|5.0|This is one of the best CDs I own. Fiona Apple's style is so unique to her...and the fact that she can produce so many different styles of songs, from jazzy to rock to soft and slow, demonstrates her incredible talent.  Some of my favorites are &quot;Never Is A Promise&quot; (an absolutely  beautiful song), &quot;Sleep to Dream&quot;, &quot;The First Taste&quot;,  and of course, &quot;Criminal&quot;. But really, one of the best things  about this album is that you can play it straight through without having to  skip songs: that's how different and good each song is.
6302990114|4.0|This 1978 film of Agatha Christe's &quot;Death on the Nile&quot; is a personal favorite of mine.  As a film, it is not what I would refer to as being great or definitive, but it is very good, and it is a lot of great  fun to watch.  This is the type of film with which to curl up on a  comfortable chair, with popcorn in hand, and to completely enjoy --- and  there is a lot to enjoy here.  The basic formula is not unlike other film  adaptions of Agatha Christe's books:  surround Hercule Poirot with an  outstanding supporting cast of actors, place them in an exotic and  picturesque locale, and let nature take it's course.  There are some  stunning location shots of Egypt here, and some very funny sequences as  well (the tango sequence at the hotel immediately prior to the departure of  the cruise boat down the Nile River), all of which add to the overall charm  of this movie.  When the film begins with the effective opening music, one  cannot but be impressed with the cast assembled for this movie, and what an  outstanding cast it is!  Peter Ustinov is an endearingly foxy Hercule  Poirot, and the ensemble performances of Mia Farrow, David Niven, Bette  Davis, Maggie Smith, Jon Finch, Angela Lansbury, and George Kennedy are all  first-rate.  The film is wonderfully reminiscent of the types of movies  Hollywood used to be so good at putting together.  There are  improbabilities in the script to be sure, but none of this matters at all.   It's an awful lot of fun, and isn't that what it's all about?
0784010188|5.0|This is a cool DVD. I have many, but this one stands out in sound and picture quality. If you are going to buy one product today, buy this.
B000000OQF|4.0|I hate to say this but, thirteen years after the extremely repulsive Axl Rose and company released this record it is clear that it has withstood the test of time and must be proclaimed a classic. Ugh!I hate their act. I hate  their persona. I hate everything Axl Rose stands for. I think Slash is a  much too overated guitarist. The musicianship is absolutely horrendous. I  hate the fact that a band can get extremely rich off of the success of one  record and then proceed to release &quot;Total Garbage&quot; for the rest  of their short lived career.<br />But I have to admit it. I love this record.  It is a bonafide &quot;classic&quot;. Right up ther with &quot;Diary of a  Madman&quot;. <br />Great work from a band of zeros
B00001U0GQ|4.0|Director Michael Mann's re-edit is an improvement upon the theatrical release. The politics of British/French/Indian relations are more clear. The siege at the fort has been substantively expanded. This version also  preserves some of the instrumental music that had been cut up in the  theatrical version. There are a couple of jump cuts in the new edit - an  unavoidable side-effect of the negative cutting process. The transfer is  pretty good, but not fantastic. Color reproduction seems a lot more  faithful than the 1994 laserdisc release.
B000002B7S|2.0|Ozzy Osbourne has given us some of the best heavy rock of all time. This record does not have it. This one was the first studio release after &quot;Diary of a Madman&quot; and it shows. Ozzy clearly suffered from the  loss of Randy Rhodes. He had limited time to find a worthy replacement, so  we were subjected to Jake, I couldn't write a song even if god himself  wrote it for me, E. Lee.<br />A couple of these songs are gems. Three of them  actually, &quot;Bark at the Moon&quot;, &quot;Rock and Roll Rebel&quot; and  &quot;Center of Eternity&quot;. Everything else is bad.<br />If you are going  to buy Ozzys stuff may I suggest in this order; &quot;Diary of a  Madman&quot;, &quot;Blizzard of Ozz&quot;, &quot;Ozmosis&quot;,  &quot;Tribute&quot;, or anything he recorded with &quot;Black  Sabbath&quot;. Amen.
0380730405|5.0|This novel places the reader in the setting of the English countryside and in the lives of Maxim De Winter and his new bride.  I read this in college and have not gone a year since without reading it.  I have my high school  english students reading this novel also.  It is amazing how reading just  one book will get the modivation moving in a bunch of students to read more  of an author's work.  I would recommend this book to anyone.  Even my  sports minded husband has enjoyed it with me.
B000002ADT|5.0|Five stars is not enough. This is the best work of musical art ever recorded.  Miles proved with this recording that he is the greatest musical genius that ever lived in the world of jazz. Buy the cd then if you find  that this is what you are looking for, also buy Somthin' else by Cannonball  Adderley and Blue Train by John Coltrane. Both have some of the feel of  this album. Blue train has some of my favorite trombone tracks. There is a  version of this cd named The Ultimate Blue Train that is also a cd rom.  Some cool stuff on it.
B000002KLZ|2.0|As a huge fan of Fleetwood Mac, I found this 'live album' a major disappointment.  The tracks sound as if they were recorded in a tunnel, lacking the spontaneity and energy of the studio recordings.  Of the  offerings, Christine McVie comes to breathy, urgent life in a beautiful  rendition of &quot;Over and Over&quot;, and Stevie Nicks'  &quot;Rhiannon&quot; pulsates, but itself can only hint at the furious  Joplanesque vocal crescendo contained on the &quot;Fleetwood Mac Live in  Passaic 1975&quot;.  Buckingham delivers a knockout performance of  &quot;I'm So Afraid&quot; but otherwise hogs the mike and all too clearly  thinks himself the band's centerpiece, which he is clearly not.  His songs  are often mediocre and under-developed.  All things considered, this live  album is more 'dead' than alive.
6305127697|4.0|Leonard Maltin in his review states the film has too many tangents, but that is exactly one of the reasons this film has depth, is convincing as a drama and has more than just entertainment value. For example, one of the  subplots very effectively illustrates socio-economic concepts described in  Anthony Downs (Brookings Institute senior fellow) book &quot;New Visions  for Metropolitan America&quot;. The audience is offered an opportunity to  learn about America's socio-economic problems as well as be entertained by  some of Hollywood's best performers.
1559408758|5.0|This film is a reality check for all those rock bands out there who take themselves SOOOOOOO seriously. Ha!<br />Good on ya Rob Reiner!
B000002GYI|5.0|I hope all the electro-kids today weaned on their Autechre and Boards of Canada have a chance to, as Bob Weir once said, &quot;take a step back&quot; and figure out where it all started.  It's astonishing how fresh  this record sounds even today, and the aforemented Skam/Repflex/Warp type  of artists pushing the envelope of electronic music in the late 90s have  certainly helped recognize that sense of ingenuity that these wacky Germans  were pulling off.  Next time you're feeling blown away by 'Chiastic Slide'  or whatever, pop this in and realize it was created almost 20 years  earlier.  Music whose emotion is not contained in the music or the lyrical  content, but rather in its very inception.  It's masturbatory and detached,  sure, but in retrospect you'll find it's been one of the most necessary  albums of the past 20-30 years.
B0000025DV|5.0|For anyone who seeks the multi-facetted wonders that can be created when good old fashioned rock-n-roll is melded with the soul-lifting voice of a full orchestral accompanyment, this is your chance to hear the results!  Lynne &amp; Co. create mental images with music through their use of expert  mixology, and meticulous overlaying. The artistry, both in studio skill, as  well as musicianship, is truly stunning in &quot;Out Of The Blue&quot;.  This must-own collection of songs still reaches accross the years to touch  all of those who have a discerning ear for music.  By far, the Electric  Light Orchestra's highest achievement!
B000002AQQ|5.0|This was a great CD... and that's all I have to say about that
B000002UAO|5.0|I love this album.  All the songs in it are good.  In this album, they began to change there music.  They weren't found as lovable moptops anymore.  They began to sound like a group that could change popular music  forever
6305041156|5.0|As with all Kurosawa I have seen, this film takes my breath away!<br />An absolute MASTERPIECE. . . Also an absolute theft of Shakespeare's King Lear, but I assure you you will enjoy every second!
B000002UDB|5.0|This album rocked and roll, I tell you what.  It echoed the Sgt. Pepper album, but it wasn't as strong as Pepper was.  Some of the song just dragged on.  I couldn't dig it.  Sgt. only had one that dragged on (Within  you Without you).  I rank it 3 place in my polls of the Beatles albums  (Sgt. Pepper, White Album)
0780020685|5.0|Ever wonder where the idea for THE MAGNIFICENT SEVEN came from?  Me either, but this is it.  =)
6303823351|5.0|Man that movie rocked and rolled me.  They were so full and witty back in the early 60's.  The movie rocked, I can't get over it.  My favorite part was when they are trying to get Ringo's rind in the bathroom.  All I have  to say about that is &quot;Hu ho.  Ho. Ho.&quot;
6304117752|5.0|I've not only seen The Sound of Music on stage several times, I have owned three copies of this movie AND I met the grandaughter of Werner Von Trapp (he was depicted as &quot;Kurt&quot; in the movie). I never tire of it and  also of knowing that the story is based on a true story.  The music is  superb.  The scenery is visually stunning.  The opening arial sequence over  the Alps makes me wish (a) that I could fly and (b) that I could go there.   I have a friend that needs this movie, too.  She borrows mine a lot and I  have my ears and eyes open to find another copy or two (because I know mine  will wear out eventually).  Please re-release this movie!   Even my two  year old daughter loves it.
B000000T01|5.0|While perusing through channels one Friday night in 1996, my attention was grabbed by one channel inparticular.  On this station, there was this madman on a dimly litten stage, beating the hell out of his double-bass  drum, Premier drum kit.  As I watched further on in this movie, I learned  this psycho had a name: Keith Moon.  Flipping over to the Preview Channel  as fast as I could, I learned this movie's name was &quot;The Kids Are  Alright&quot;: a rockumentary of the rock band, The Who.  Once the movie  had finished, I knew I had to get it somehow on video.  Looking from place  to place, but always coming up empty-handed.  Until one day (with the right  connections), about a month ago, I acquired this gem of film history.  By  viewing it, I noticed that I had only seen about the last 45 minutes the  first time.  While watching the movie, I became amazed by the power of the  Who's performances.  From the confident &quot;My Generation&quot; from the  Smothers Brother's Show to the barely audible &quot;I Can't Explain&quot;  to the thrashing, almost heavy metal of &quot;Sparks&quot; to the  speechless performance of &quot;Won't Get Fooled Again&quot;, the Who show  the trance they could put on the audience.  This movie has everything a Who  fan could want: live performances, clips of Keith Moon's maniac antics, and  band description of themselves.  Not being from the generation of normal  Who fans, this movie is probably what made me one.  The masterpiece that  only the Who could produce with the help of Jeff Stein: &quot;The Kids Are  Alright.&quot;  I can't wait till it comes out on DVD.
B00000IMCW|5.0|It has been in 1981 when this movie was played in the German movie theatres but I will never forget it. I still remember the whole film like I have seen it yesterday. There is no other horror movie which impressed me  that much as George Romeros Dawn of the Dead has done to me. If you like  splashing blood and exploding heads and brain spreadin all over, THIS is  the movie you have to watch. The movie is perfect in all details. Music,  special effects and the story are great. This really is my favorite classic  horror movie. It kinda has a cult status already over here in Germany and I  am glad to be able to watch it again now on DVD.
B000002I25|5.0|This is the greatest album ever recorded. You are'nt going to belive how great Jim can sing. I was totally moved by this album.
6300213668|5.0|i loved this movie and i can watch it over and over again.  it's storyline is timeless.  everyone can relate to the pressures of high school and the stress of getting the girl/boy.  it's funny and entertaining.
B00003003R|5.0|This CD is one of the best rock albums released in the last twenty years.  The success of Live '87-'93 will likely lead to Axl bringing the old boys back and putting the electronica under another name.  I've always skipped  songs when playing G-N-R, leaving out many songs from the double release.   All of the songs I don't skip appear on Live '87-'93.  'It's Alright' I  never heard that song before and feel it's the least suitable song. But the  other songs are all interpreted uniquely and Axl sounds great as the front  man.  Axl: name your electronica band Electric Rose and call the first  release: My World.  For G-N-R lives on only with the original song writers  fueling your epic rage.
0316926345|5.0|This is the most beautiful book I've ever read!  Esp part one, which is like a revisiting of Gatsby's mansion without the roughness of the American wealth.  The only thing I've read from this period that can compare is  Virginia Woolf's To the Lighthouse.  You can't read it for the plot, but  the beauty of the language, the detail, and the simple yearning of a Waugh  soul searching in WWII is wonderful
B00000295A|5.0|As Jamiroquai emerged the musical escene with this album, one can be very glad about his first performance. Seems to me, that Jason Kay really wanted to go out there and speak his point of view, and in his voice tune and  singing way you can sense a &quot;I finally can speak to the world, thanks  God for giving me the opportunity, now I can die in peace&quot; attitude.  <br />As lyrically, its by far Jamiroquais best album. Musically may not be,  but probably its their most experimental and extensive work, bringing  bunches of influences looking for an established style and sound towards  the future. <br />My favorite Jamiroquai work.
6305308659|4.0|Pleasantville is a motion picture plenty of remarkable qualities: visual effects, art direction, costume design, etc. However, the best quality of this movie is the fact that it is not just a motion picture that makes us laugh at others' values, considered funny or ridiculous by our ethnocentric  vision; it concerns a pleasant and colorful cultural impact that makes us  reflect about our own values!
B000023VTQ|5.0|This movie is woderful. A great romantic-comedy. I saw it 3 times
B00000F5KH|5.0|Congratulations to director Walter Salles and all that contributed to the production of Central Station (Central do Brasil), a masterpiece of Brazilian cinema and one of the best motion pictures ever produced in the  cinematographic world! Central Station is a perfect motion picture: all the  elements of the movie are perfectly integrated compounding a  cinematographic production with inestimable quality, which reflects the  professional talent of Walter Salles direction. By the way, talent is  something that do not lack in Central Station: with an extremely emotive  and original screenplay, extraordinary performances by the young actor  Vin&iacute;cius de Oliveira, and two of the best Brazilian actresses, Fernanda  Montenegro and Mar&iacute;lia Pra, a wonderful dramatic score, and an spectacular  cinematography, besides other high quality cinematographic elements,  Central Station is a motion picture that portrays faithfully and with an  humanitary reality the dramatic and touching journey of Dora and Josu&eacute; to  the heart of Brazil, and the life of millions of Brazilians!<br />Central  Station is a motion picture that is an important chapter of the Brazilian  cinematographic history for marking the top of the growth of Brazilian  cinema and consolidating Brazil as a great source of cinematographic  production. All the awards conquered and its international repercussion are  merits that belongs to the quality of the movie and the spectacular work of  all its cast and crew to turn it to a reality. Central Station is a  cinematographic production that makes me feel proud to be Brazilian, a  production that will always be a cinematographic masterpiece recognized not  only in Brazil, but in the entire world!
6301966988|5.0|I would have to say this this is one of, if not the, greatest love story of all time. I also think that it is without a doubt the greatest romance film of all time. This movie personifies the feeling of the song for which  it is well-known, &quot;Unchained Melody&quot; by the rightous brothers. I  am not a person who is easily moved. This movie moved me so much that I  cried. Definatley a classic.
B00000K19E|4.0|&quot;What is the Matrix?&quot; &quot;Unfortunately, no one can be told what the Matrix is. You have to see it for yourself.&quot;. It is a visual experience. The only thing I can say is that The Matrix is the fiction of  the 21st Century, an extremely original cybernetic adventure that concerns  a real world and a virtual world, the human kind and the artificial  intelligence. A motion picture with astonishing visual and sound effects  that transport us to a dream world, a world where anything is possible. Do  you still want to know what the Matrix is? &quot;The answer is out there  (...) and it's looking for you, and it will find you if you want it  to.&quot;. And believe, you will. &quot;It's the question that drives  us.&quot; So, what are you waiting for? Go and watch this movie. &quot;What  you know you can't explain, but you feel it.&quot;<br />End of  transmission....
B00002Z88D|5.0|When I purchased this CD, I thought, this is it, perhaps the greatest CD is in my hands right now. And boy, was I not dissappointed. This CD has all the foundings of a classic. The seamingly perfect mix of orchestra and  metal. The crowd is brilliant in the memory remains, with James letting the  crowd sing the chorus, in the background you hear the orchestra. <br />I have  Cunning Stunts on DVD, and the live singing of James on this CD shows that  he can actually sing live. He holds a note, I think he was amped up for the  performance of a lifetime. All in all, Ive got it on CD, im getting it on  DVD (already ordered) So this concert in AC3 will be very sweet.<br />Cheers
B00000JGOH|5.0|Shakespeare in Love is one of those motion pictures that reach the perfection! It is a movie concerning the art of representing, precisely the life and art of the best English dramatist and one of the best poets of all  times: William Shakespeare. All its elements, from the original screenplay  to the editing process, are high quality: the art direction is spectacular,  capturing faithfully the historical and theatrical context of Shakespeare  era and creating great stages where artists represent with extraordinary  talent; the cinematography also seems to be acting since it produces  incredible dramatic sequences along with the musical score for its  dynamics; and the extravagant costume design and makeup are features that  enrich the visual quality of this motion picture. Finally, it is important  to mention that the movie's perfect combination of all its elements could  only be possible due to an experienced direction. As we use to say after  have appreciated a great play: Bravo!
B00002MZ2C|4.0|the battle of los angles is definetly old school combat rock. this album shows promise unlike there sophmore effort(evil empire)which was somewhat lacking in sales and musical content. dont get me wrong,IT ROCKED!it just didnt move me or make me wanna buy an assult riffle. the new album has me  checking my ammo and ducking for cover.ROCK ON!
B00002Z88D|5.0|When i got home with the CD i immediately turned it to master of puppets, it being my favorite Metallica song, it was amazing, the orchestra made the solo fuller and added new life to the song.  The only thing i saw wrong  with S&amp;M is that they didn't play anything off of Kill em' All and  Garage Inc., and they could have played some better songs.  Fade to Black,  Creeping Death, Anesthesia, Welcome Home (Sanitarium), Die, Die My Darling,  and a few more would have been great with the orchestra.  But all and all  its a must have album.
B000002KIT|5.0|Looking back onto days in high school in 1978, this album was cherish by us non disco fans with great enjoyment.The hard rock and dueling guitar solos on Emerald and Suicide are classic hard rock tunes.Thin Lizzy was to  me back then the best band without the frills,just sweat and guitar,this  was capped by seeing them in concert in 1979. The album is a true sense of   the Thin Lizzy excitement.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This is a great second album by Limp Bizkit.  Many of the songs on the album stand out, including &quot;Nookie&quot;, &quot;N 2gether now&quot; and &quot;rearranged&quot;.  Their songwriting and mad skills have improved  tremendously since &quot;faith&quot;, and this album should secure their  place as one of the greatest hard rock/hip-hop bands of the decade!
0790742705|4.0|I missed the magic of E.T. by a precious year or two, and wound up as a Gremlins kid instead. I don't lament that in the slightest (although E.T. is far from a bad movie). Gremlins is a true classic, a dynamic,  imaginative gem of the 80s. It may be mean-spirited and violent compared to  E.T., but it is innocent and magical at the same time, and I adored Gizmo  more than I could or would ever adore E.T. Intense for kids, but its  intensity is what made it memorable and magical to me as I grew up. Films  that actually may make a distinct impression on a kid should not  necessarily be kept from him or her; he or she will not grow up to be a  psycho just because you don't raise them on anything but Disney fluff.  Gremlins, Labyrinth, the Dark Crystal, the Neverending Story, Pee Wee's Big  Adventure, and Return to Oz -- these are the movies I saw as a kid that  stuck with me and inspired a true sense of wonder in me, even though some  of them scared me a bit at the time. Gremlins doesn't quite pull me in the  way it did when I was young, but it still serves as a welcome and warming  flashback.
6305546789|5.0|This is addressed to all those who disparaged Halloween...and to explain why it is well nigh the greatest movie ever made, with Suspiria a close rival...first, the brilliant casting of Donald Pleasance and Jamie Lee  Curtis, and the real  (sorry) star of the film, Nancy Loomis...the music is  phenomenal.  Really outstanding.  The fright is not from seeing lots of  blood  (as if that's really frightening and not just unseemly), it's from  the idea that on a little night in 1978 evil visited small town U.S.A. and  then left as mysteriously as it came  (I don't consider any of the sequels  anywhere near this film at all).  Evil visited Haddonfield.  And sorry, the  scene were Jamie enters the house and finds all her friends dead is the  scariest scene ever filmed...not for shock value, but for disturbing  terror.  Get Halloween, love Halloween, watch it at least every October 31  - Samhain.
6305095566|3.0|Very amateurish, but highly amusing, kinetic, and imaginative gore-fest. The only thing that prevents me from giving it a higher rating is that the film is extremely redundant, and I begin to get weary and crave a change of  pace before the first hour is even up -- and that never happens. Still,  this is generally good fun, and it has a place in my personal collection.   : )
B00000IL1K|3.0|I think overall it was a good enjoyable CD.  Some of the tracks are really good.  Nonetheless, after hearing her &quot;Time to Say Goodbye&quot; CD, this CD simply pales in comparison.  Perhaps this is not doing justice to  such a talented artist but she herself has set the bar too high through her  previous endeavors.
0790731231|4.0|Solid, engaging, well-performed film suffers only from two things: Bracco's narration during the &quot;romance,&quot; which is extremely annoying, and a few inexplicably silly gimmicks in the last couple scenes  (what's with the cut to Joe Pesci firing the gun at the camera?) It's  always a little painful for such a generally good movie to throw in  something so stupid just as its finishing up. But these are fairly minor  qualms; the brunt of this movie is compelling and very well handled. Not as  glossy or distinctly aesthetic as a film like the Godfather, with less  appealing characters, but this is not a criticizm -- it gives it a more  unsettlingly true-to-life feel. Good stuff.
B000002G23|5.0|I went out on a limb purchasing this boxed set after hearing &quot;message in a bottle&quot; on the radio.  I was extremely pleased and I would definitely say that the police are one of the greatest rock and roll bands  of all time
6304819935|4.0|Although many die-hard Raimi fans probably consider it a sacrelige, I thought this was superior to the original. It isn't particularly different from the original, but has a better overall balance, an effectively  played-up sense of style, some winning humor, and a more appealing,  over-the-top hero in Bruce Campbell. And this is the movie he gets the  chainsaw-arm in! Chainsaw-arm always beats no chainsaw-arm, I'm afraid. All  the Evil Dead movies are good entertainment, but this is the best of the  three.
B000002UV9|5.0|I don't know about you, but this CD is just phenomonal. It contains lush, quiet melodies like &quot;Silent Lucidity&quot;, and contains amazing, fast and loud tracks as &quot;Jet City Woman&quot;. Buy it at all costs.
6300214753|5.0|A quintessential 80s comedy, which for me, beats the Breakfast Club hands down (not that the Breakfast Club is a bad movie!) and stands as John Hughes best film, at least of the John Hughes movies I know. A teen flick  like Ferris Bueller's Day Off appeals to the sensibilities of the teens of  the time with a genuine understanding, aesthetic competance, and well-used  humor, rather than the superficial mimicking, commercial desperation, and  gaudy aesthetic disregard that characterize similar flicks of the 90s. Teen  flicks today are marketed more to appeal to youthful self-importance,  shallow self-indulgence, fashion trends, and insulting stereotypes that  reveal more cynicism than understanding. Contemporary films that avoid  these flaws are usually one-track crass humor shockfests whose jokes get  old quick. I'm not trying to say, mind you, that a film like Ferris  Bueller's Day Off is a &quot;realistic&quot; depiction or even exaggeration  of actual teen life, or that John Hughes is flawless and universally  understanding, but these are the reasons I feel a movie like this is  rewarding, fun, and original compared to the trite byproduct of gen-x and  post-gen-x marketing research.
B000001IPL|5.0|I think this is their best album.  I didn't care much for their self titled album, and I think Ignition just plain sucked.  Ixnay was alright and Americana was pathetic.  Smash, however, deals with real life, every  day issues such as not fitting in, gang violence, etc.  I feel that I can  relate to what the lyrics say in this album, and I hope to see more albums  just like it from them in the future!
B00001ODHF|3.0|Highly entertaining and lukewarm by turns, with more emphasis on comedy than in either of its predecessors. Has a different, more adventurous feel to it, since the entire film isn't confined to a log cabin (like its  predecessors), but it's a bit clumsy and hokey on the whole. It's supposed  to be sort of hokey, of course, but I mean beyond that. Certain bits just  come off as silly in a bad way. Overall though, it is certainly  entertaining, and if you liked Evil Dead 1 and 2, you will probably enjoy  it.
6301697707|4.0|If you are looking for a good scare, Tremors is not the movie for you.  However, if your goal is to be entertained, this is a great choice.  Tremors is the story of two handymen, the people of the town they live in,  and their encounters with a bunch of giant, man eating worms that live in  the ground around the town.  Kevin Bacon and Fred Ward, who play the two  handymen, won't win any academy awards for this one, but their performances  as two offbeat handymen looking for something better make the movie.   Micheal Gross and Reba McEntire add to the campy feel of this film as a  survivalist couple with enough firepower to start (and probably end) world  war three. The special effects are good and the plot, while simple, keeps  you involved.  Overall, this is a movie that is overjoyed to make fun of  itself. <br />As for comparisons I have seen between this movie and Dune  (possibly the WORST adaptation of any book ever to hit the big screen -  David Lynch should be ashamed at the way he treated this classic story) the  only similarity is that both stories have giant worms in them.  Don't let  comparisons to Dune scare you off - this movie is in no way similar.   Tremors tries hard to be just what it succeeds in being - a campy, funny,  semi-horror film that has no other goal but to entertain.  Enjoy the film!
1572522089|5.0|An epic japanese retelling of Shakespeare's King Lear which is quite brilliant (as is generally the case with movies by Akira Kurosawa.) The use of color, music, and silence in this film are all breathtaking. The  performances are excellent and vaguely surreal, as is the general look of  the movie -- much like something out of a dream. It does tend to lull a bit  at certain points, but there are too many other things about this film that  are rewarding for me to hold that against it. Shakespeare enthusiasts may  find this interesting, but it will more strongly appeal to people who  enjoy, or who have an interest in, classic Japanese films and the strange  and evocative aesthetics that tend to make them so rich.
6305308659|5.0|Okay, I have read through all 140 reviews by people who see this movie as Communist, biblical, whimisical, Satanistic, etc...<br />But to be frank a movie is a movie is a movie, of course, of course. While this movie is  rather heavy on the symbolism, it's still a movie and is not indicative of  the degradation of American morals, nor those of the world in general. I  for one enjoyed this movie, and would see it again willingly. I suggest to  all the &quot;deep-thinkers&quot; out there to watch the movie again  without searching for symbolism, without preparing to give your opinion.  Just watch the movie.
6303972810|4.0|Dorky but enjoyable fantasy flick, competantly directed, with an effective, humorous script and a really entertaining performance from Val Kilmer (who comes off a lot like a medieval, more exasperated Han Solo, but  without being an imitation in any way.) Pretty silly at points, but overall  it's a good time, free of the Hollywood propaganda, banal  &quot;hipness,&quot; and trite scripting that characterize the escapist  adventure movies of today.
0767836286|1.0|This is a great movie. The struggles of Michael Faraday to uncover to sinister plots of his next-door neighbor as a deranged mad bomber is superb. THE ENDING BLEW UP THIS MOVIE SO BAD THAT IT TOTALLY CHANGED THE  MOVIE!  The ending gives the message that evil conquers good, and that the  life of a man named Mivhael Faraday should end in such vain. This is a  movie that is suppose to give you something to think about: that the  bombings in this country may not be one-man operations. I think that this  movie was superbly done, except that at the end Michael should have  diffused the bomb instead of it blowing up and himself getting the blame,  while the real killer of hundreds walks away. This would've gotten 5 of 5  stars if the ending was like that. Instead it got one star because the  ending threw all of the movies superb action and suspense in the garbage.
B00000IQUT|2.0|I'll give it an extra star for being so extreme and awful. Not that I necessarily *admire* that, but it made it vaguely interesting as a curiousity. There's no question the film is in poor taste, if you will, but  it feels more dated, amateurish and goofy than explicit and disturbing. I  see no reason for a ban (though I never see any reason for a ban.) Anyhow,  it's generally an awful film with nothing to engage you other than the fact  that it's so terrible and willfully tasteless.
B00002Z88D|5.0|Wow!  This CD blows you away.  The orchestra just makes it even more chilling and great.  The sequence of the songs are great.  I usually don't listen to Metallica, but when I saw it on MTV i had to get it.
6302732875|5.0|Easily the best film version of anything by David Mamet, due largely to the well-rounded, exhilirating, and wholly competant cast. They all seem to grasp their characters with admirable lucidity, and the intense,  dialogue-driven nature of the play/film give them a lot of room to flesh  out these characters to optimum effect. Like almost everything by Mamet,  this is abrasive, strangely talky, littered with excessive profanity, and  only very gradually builds itself into a dark, captivating boil (which  becomes all the more powerful for its subtle, deliberately paced  construction.) Not for everyone, but anyone who has seen and liked a David  Mamet film really must see this, for it is his best.
B00000JL86|5.0|I loved this movie!  It's better than all of Disney's recent releases.<br />I especially love its heroine, Anastasia.  She's the best of the animated leading ladies.  Ranks right there with Ariel and Belle.  She makes me fall  in love with her.<br />I loved the movie's song, animation, and the supporting  characters.  The directors of this flim had outdone themselves.<br />I  recommend buying this movie on DVD.  Whether you watch the first and the  30th time, &quot;Anastasia&quot; is an animated gem for you and family.   Perfect for future generations as well,  you're gonna love this movie!   It's &quot;Anastasia&quot; for sure!
078062551X|2.0|This is a good example of some genuinely interesting ideas being played around with for two hours in a bad movie. Keifer Sutherland is so bad and over-the-top that I laughed all through his first scene. Sewell looks  adequately haunted but other than that is utterly flat and unengaging as a  character. Jennifer Connelly is primarily just a pretty face. The visuals  and special effects are breathtaking at times, and silly and overdone at  others (especially towards the end.) Essentially the only thing that kept  me going with this film until the end were the ideas, premise, and the  general atmosphere, which appealed to me. But everything else, the things  that make a movie genuinely good, were terribly lacking, or just very  poorly done. On the whole it comes off less as dark, evocative, and  mind-bending, and more just &quot;interesting but goofy.&quot; This has the  ring of one of those movies where the director/writer thought up the idea  in early highschool and is returning to it now, his nostalgia blinding him  to all of the flaws and clusminess of the actual execution of his idea.  (I'm not saying that's the actual case, but that's what I thought of.)
B00001QEBQ|2.0|Mulan is a very disappointing movie.<br />It's heroine, though more stronger than past Disney leading ladies, lacks the magic and appeal of Ariel and Belle.  The comic relief is way over-the-head, and the ending is not very  romantic.  The only gem is Jerry Goldsmith's epic score, it makes Alan  Menken's music look like amatuer's night.<br />Overall, I declared  &quot;Mulan&quot; with &quot;The Hunchback of Notre Dame&quot; and  &quot;Hercules&quot; as one of the worst of the &quot;new-school&quot;  Disney classics.
6302769051|4.0|Four-and-a-half stars would be my true rating, I think. This comes off more like a deliberate, careful, and thoughtful exploration of the aesthetics of the Western, and a manipulation of those same aesthetics,  rather than a Western in the regular sense of the word. It plays with the  notions of what constitute the romantic Western images, and twists them  around with restraint but no apology. It is a fairly minimal, slow-paced  movie, and this adds to its haunting and unusual effect. Fans of Westerns  in general may or may not enjoy it; I am not particularly interested in  Westerns and I thought it was brilliant. A little short of what I'd  consider a masterpiece, but certainly a well-made, admirably handled, and  distinctly original film.
B00003A9QL|4.0|I must confess, I'm not a Metallica fan.  I am familiar with their music but that's about it for me.  With the exception of Nothing Really Matters, I can take their music or leave it.  However, I saw the live show on VH-1,  I heard Hero of the Day, No Leaf Clover on the radio and I knew I had to  have this album.  I have a fondness for Classical music.  I also have a  fondness for &quot;loud obnoxious music&quot; (my term for any music tough  and loud with lyrics you can barely understand).  After I saw them on VH-1,  I knew I had to buy this album. I did and I do not in the least regret it.   The mixture of the two types of music is awesome.  Its classical music with  extreme passion.  There is no other way to describe it.  It makes the heart  pound and your pulse race.  What better way to experience music than that?   It does get a little too &quot;heavy&quot; at times but that's easily  remedied using the fast forward button on the CD Player.  Regardless, I  love the album and highly recommend it.  And I can now say that I own a  Metallica album.  :-)
0780623134|4.0|Thoroughly enjoyable, well-directed, and generally uplifting movie, but you don't have to be an ex-con to realize how painfully far this is from being in any way realistic. It's a fable. But it is a entertaining fable  that I can't imagine too many people finding especially disagreeable.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|I have never been a Rage fan (I am more of a pop music fan) but I saw them on MTV and I was impressed.  &quot;The Battle Of Los Angeles&quot; is definitely the album of the year.  I keep listening to this over and over  again.  Tom Morello is the most amazing guitarist.  I can't say I agree  with a lot of Rage's politics but they get me to think about things I have  never thought about, which is the point.  Buy this album - one of the best  I have ever heard.
6301871952|3.0|Distinctly inferior to the original Gremlins, but although immensely silly, this is generally an entertaining sequel. A good way to kill an evening if you liked the first Gremlins -- it's inspired and imaginative --  but ultimately it isn't exactly the gem the first one was.
B000005ALP|5.0|When, on TV, somebody requested Eels with 'Novocaine for the soul' , I was curious about the group. Never heared of them, a new band.  When the song was over, I knew this had to be my next album.  E's raw voice and the  simple but beautiful melody of the songs make this a great album and one of  the best debut albums I 've ever heared in my entire life. Sadly enough  'Elektro shock blues' wasn't quite as powerfull, I'm hoping to hear more of  them soon. Anyone, please, mail news of a third album to me, because in  Belgium it's very hard to find CD's of unknown American talent like Eels.
630512762X|3.0|John Travolta plays someone who he isnt in this movie, and frankly I dont know if he knew who he was supposed to act like. In my opinion, ive seen Travolta act in many movies quite well, but both John Travolta and Nicholas  Cage put on the most terrible attempts at acting like the person they are  trying to imitate. In short Travolta looked stupid trying to act like  Nicholas Cage and vice versa. However, I loved the action scenes in the  movie. If your a critic about acting style and replay value than stray away  from here. If your an action junkie, this film will blow your socks off.  Ive never seen so many guns going off at the same time since Predator. That  made it worth it, though I was fast forwarding through the rest of the  dialogue.
0316743003|5.0|From a small staff of 75+- Engineers we now enjoy the fruits of their collective labor.  Wicked good read that should be on the list (NOT required but historically important) of ALL Junior &amp; Senior High  Schools in our very safe country. The portrayed CAN DO attitude in the book  is very much alive in the workplace.....JOIN IN !
0790740443|2.0|The plot and content of the movie was very origional and different, and the director had a interesting way of showing scenes which was out of the ordinary. Kurt Russel says all of seemingly 2 or 3 words the whole movie  &quot;yes sir&quot; and &quot;No sir&quot;. Wow, that really exictes me.  Dont ask me why they thought that having Kurt Russel practically mute and  socially completely retarded would make the movie more entertaining. I  would have thought it would have been cool if he learned how to get along  with everyone and actually start to speak at one point, but I was let down  cause this never happened. The action in the film was exciting and  different, but the movie ended and I was like &quot;Thats it? &quot; Its a  movie to rent, not to buy.
6301966988|4.0|For those who have seen THE SIXTH SENSE (Out now at cinemas) but not GHOST, it follows the same style.  Ghost is an emotional tearjerker which keeps your eyes on the tv screen.  I think all the actors did really well  and i enjoyed the scenes where revenge was taken on the baddies.  A  must-watch for those who enjoy romantic, good storylines with a hint of  action. A classic
068816689X|1.0|A shallow book, I didnt find the story a bit inetresting especially the way the author wrote it, oversentimental and boring.
B000000I3O|4.0|The &quot;new&quot; Misfits, with Michael Graves doing the vocals, have recieved a lot of press lately, and have even appeared on WCW wrestling.  If you have never heard there music, its like nothing else, and they really  cannot be categorized as punk or anything else.  This CD is the  &quot;old&quot; Misfits, with Glen Danzig singing.  (the guy who sang  &quot;Mother&quot;)  Most of the Misfits songs are about halloween,  skeletons, demons, etc.  They are very catchy, and you will not regret  buying this CD.
630562285X|5.0|Great movie, lots of action lots of plot. Sean Connery is like good wine. James bond style but in a somewhat cooler way; possibly the best movie I've seen this year tied in first place with &quot;Instinct&quot;
B000001EHS|5.0|Normally, I'm a middle of the road pop artist listener but when I heard Def Leppard I couldn't get enough.  I love every song on this CD.  I have worn out 3 store bought tape cassettes listening in my car so I went out  and bought the CD.  I don't know if CD's ever wear out but I'm sure mine is  coming close.  They have it all.  Any where from slow ballads to the get  off your duff and dance for all your worth on this one album.  I have all  of the bands albums, but it is nice to have all my favorites on 1 disc.  If  I were stranded on a desert island and could only have 1 CD, this would be  it.
0553108034|5.0|Martin roots his fantasy firmly in the patterns of history, giving it a weight and heft that other fantasies often lack. Where a lesser author  builds their book on cool magic- magic is only one of the elements that  make this tapestry rich.<br /> For the squeamish out there, it's worth noting  that A Clash of Kings doesn't pull it's punches. Children are not spared  just for being children and sex (even rape) is given its accurate role in  the field of war. Just because it's a fantasy novel, doesn't mean it's for  children.<br /> My only real complaint is that it's probably going to take so  long for the next book to come out!
6304681496|5.0|I enjoyed this movie, It was hilarious, I mean when i seen this in the thearter, I could not get enough, It was a buyer. I went and brought the movie &amp; then I watched it so much that i praticually knew all the  lines, Great Plot, Splinded Action and a Hilarious Tale!
0380973464|1.0|I received this book from a friend who said he could not put it down.  I am sorry to say that I have 50 pages left to ready and I find it painful to pick up.  The book an interesting historical side to it, but beyond that it frequently wanders off into irrelevant tangents that are excruciatingly  painful to slog through.  Cryptomonicon turns a tale that can be portrayed  in 300 pages into a 900 page novel full of noise. The author feels  compelled to fill the book with statistical techno-babble  that is  interesting the first time but annoying as the book proceeds. For the last  300 pages of the book I have skipped entire sections of the book when I  encounter one of the author's fits-of-jabbering over some trivial point in  the book.  Finally, the author's 3rd person writing technique reminds me of  my own dismal attempt at writing in six grade.
0385491026|5.0|Cat's eye is a view of a life story. Atwood's handling of the parallel narrators, the middle-aged Elaine whose mind wanders back and forth in time, and the growing-up one with her restricted view of her own life is  superb. We feel we are growing up with her, from a never-ending looking  childhood to a sudden adulthood. Cat's eye is also a record of the passing  of time from the 40's to the 80's recognized just in the clothes worn by  the characters. Descriptions of smells and colours all through the novel  make it so vivid. I loved this novel.
B000002UDV|4.0|I have heard many things said about &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; and none are shorter than the truth.  No album has ever caught such raw emotion as this and none will.  But to acclaim it as the greatest of all time leaves me  wondering were you're coming from.    Let's start by analyzing the two  things that make up great music, lyrics and instrumentation.<br />Lyrically,  &quot;Pet sounds&quot; is still a beach blonde hair doo type album, with  &quot;Wouldn't it be nice&quot; and &quot;Sloop John B&quot; restating the  surfin years of Brian Wilson.  Without these songs, this album would have  easily been lyrically superior, but every chain has its weaker link and  these songs seem made for the charts.  <br />After listening to this album 2  or 3 times straight, I feel inferior.  The mood this album sets is up there  with the mood I felt when I listened to &quot;Nebraska&quot; for the first  time.  The music is what makes this album so great, the lyrics are  excellent in most songs, don't get me wrong, but there are some spots that  could have been removed.  <br />To compare &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; to  &quot;Sgt. Pepper's&quot; is just  rediculous.  Although many will argue  that Sgt. Pepper's was made as a rebutle to Pet Sounds, we still have to  look at the facts.  Sgt. Peppers creates a mood with lyrics and  instrumentation that had never been done. It had been done in Pet Sounds,  but never to an extent to lend itself to the music as much as Sgt.  Pepper's.  It took me three or four listens to Pet Sounds before I declared  it musically innovative, while it only took me the first track of Sgt.  Pepper's to declare it musically superior to anything I've heard up until  then(with the exception of Revolver, and Blonde on Blonde (which is  different musical innovation altogether)).  <br />We must first remember too  that &quot;Pet Sounds&quot; itself was a rebutle to &quot;Rubber Soul&quot;  which proves that The Beatles were no followers.  They created their own  music, and others took a seat behind them to pick up some pointers.    <br />But it's not the lyrics that lend itself to the greatness of this album.   It's pure and simply THE MOOD.  When I got done listening to this album, I  felt like crying.  I felt as though someone with so much emotional problems  and societal anguish had sat down right beside me and poured his guts out.     <br />Musically, this album is astonishing.  But a lot of the songs seem  revamped, almost re-used.  Maybe that's just the mood, which can often  times leave you thinking that you've just listened to one song for 40  minutes.  Which is not a bad thing, often times, it's the best compliment  an album can get.   I think this album was also the first to end on the  most important note, the one note that leaves the listener satisfied and  dismayed at the same time.  This powerful ending may have been stolen for  Sgt. Pepper's but then again you can't make a musical advancement if you  don't learn from the artists of today, and what Pet Sounds did was  definanlty a musical advancement.  <br />This album is Brian Wilson, nothing  more, nothing less.  Everything here is his most inner feelings.  What more  can you ask from an album than truthfulness.  <br />In conclusion, I would  recomend Pet Sounds to every serious music fan, and even those that are  just trying to break into popular music. But don't run around comparing it  to Sgt. Pepper's because the two have different motives.  For one thing,  Sgt Peppers has the emotion of 4 people, while Pet Sounds has one.  But the  emotion of Pet Sounds still manages to top that of Sgt. which is an  incredible feet.  I feel as though I've contradicted myself.  So just grab  your box of kleenex and pop this album into the CD or Record player, you  will not be disapointed. <br />thank you<br />Dave
B000006ZQK|5.0|This cd show the face of Gene Simmons. He did some pop song that combined with the others KISS components, show the KISS face. It's a best cd, that, with the track MAN OF 1,000 FACES, complement one of the bests kISS CDS.
B00000K31Q|5.0|This Movie was really good.  It was hillarious yet unpredicdable.  The script was very funny and very well written and the cast interpereted it well and showed that on the screen.  Heath ledger's australian accent was  awesome and Michael was Hillarious especially in the bar scene.  One of my  favorite quotes in the movie was &quot;Am I that transparent?  I want you I  Need you! Oh baby Oh baby&quot;  (said sarcastically)
6303443214|5.0|Where do you even begin to talk about a movie like this? I loved it so much!  I am only 14 years old but I do have very good tase in movies, I won't watch senceless blood-baths about prissy beautiful women getting sliced up in their nightclothes, nope in order for me to enjoy a horror  film is has to have a story, this movie left me spelbound. I have owned the  film for a little over 9 months now and have watched it enough times to  have the script memorized. No I'm not crazy, I just know I great movie when  I see it. The actors seemed to be made to play their roles. One minor thing  that bugged me was that Antiono Banderas was casted for Armand. Its not  that he isn't a good acter, its that he looks NOTHING like Armand. Armand  has arburn hair and was only 17 when he was made. Nevertheless, Bandera did  a wonderful job and I loved him. I also loved Tom Cruise's role in the  movie. He pulled off Lestat so incredibly well it makes you want to weep.  Brad Pitt's Louis was equaly amazing. He makes you really become in touch  with Louis. My heart just broke when Louis discovered Claudia's ashes.  *sniff* Stephan Rea did a wonderful job with Santiago and made it very east  for me to hate him. Who can forget the smug smile he gave Louis after  murdering Claudia? Christian Slater was flawless. I do wish however that  they had stuck to the ending in the book, with Louis not only attcking  Daniel, but draining him as well. Then again, if it has happened like that  we wouldn't have been treated to the wonderful part with Lestat in the car.  I just love when Lestat grabs Daniel by the neck, pulls him back and says  &quot;I assume I need no introduction&quot; such a great line! Kristin  Dunst was totally unbelieveable! She was only 11 when she made this movie!  it truly seemed like she was a woman trapped inside a girls body. All the  other minor roles where just as good. I didn't care for the sceane with  that poor women being picked on by the vampire just before they killed her.  In the novel she had a much more peaceful and less painfuly ending. Oh but  the movie is so good that none of the small mistakes matter at all. I love  this movie so much and every time someone comes to my house I ask,  &quot;Have you seen Interview with the Vampire?&quot; If they say no, I  tell them where the nearest video store is and send them in their way:) I  also persoanlly would not classify this movie as horror. I thought it was  much more a drama. I think that just because it is a story about creature  tht kill people in order to prolong their own exsistance, it is considered  a horror story. Please, do not pass this movie up, it will totally shock it  in its sheer beauty.
6305252521|4.0|This movie is special for people who thinks that their place in the world its seen by someone
B00000IQBM|5.0|remember redrum redrum..well this movie will have you in suspense the whole time .once you start watching it you don't want to stop .really makes you think what isolation and being stranded will do to the human mind  really great movie .
B000001DTM|5.0|Coming off your first creative misstep (Rattle and Hum), what's our Irish heroes to do?  Only come up with the most creative band reinvention since Dylan plugged in his electric guitar.  Achtung Baby was not U2 completely  ignoring their past, just building on there previous familiar  &quot;sound&quot;, while adding many new splashes of color.  Also, the  album was by far their best lyrically, with Bono challenging the listeners  with his most personal songs to date.  I was first introduced to this album  from the great singles &quot;One&quot; and &quot;Mysterious Ways&quot;,  although there is not a weak track on this album.  Achtung Baby's true  pleasures are the album cuts: &quot;The Fly&quot; (Bono's duet with  himelf), &quot;Ultravioltet&quot;, &quot;Tryin' to Throw Your Arms...&quot;  (with the immortal line &quot;a woman needs a man like a fish needs a  bicycle&quot;)  and &quot;So Cruel&quot;, which spins all the love-song  cliches on their head.  Possibly the best album of the past two decades.
6303314015|5.0|i like this its awesome....well done disney film i enjoy watching it over and over also simba's pride is good ..and other disney animated movies face it disney is king of animated films .they have the most impressive villians  any animated film has.
B000002MG1|3.0|This is a so-so album. The problem with R.E.M. is they have one basic pretty good sound, but they repeat that same sound song after song. The joke of it all is that Michael Stipe says the Beatles were worthless...BUT  IF YOU LISTEN TO THE BEATLES' SONG &quot;RAIN,&quot; THAT IS R.E.M.'S BASIC  SOUND, RIGHT THERE! The vocals, the instruments, everything. Maybe Stipe  himself wasn't influenced by the Beatles, but whoever DID influence  Stipe/R.E.M. was influenced by the Beatles. And the Beatles  &quot;Rain&quot; blows away anything R.E.M. did, or ever could do. Listen  to &quot;Rain&quot; before you buy R.E.M. And then if you're in the mood  for second-raters,  R.E.M. will fit the bill.
0393314804|5.0|Excellent novel, full of disjointed short stories, that really drive home the squalor and misery of modern, suburban life. It's a very blatant book, full of entertaining situations and disgusting parts that will make ye  retch (some involve bodily secretions, let's leave it at that), but also,  there's subtlety at work behind all that; Welsh does not make his work  sensational and doesn't overstate what he's saying, which is a blinkin'  good quality, in mine opinion. Read this. It's a tad better than the  excellence of its film.
B000006FNX|4.0|It has been awhile since I have seen this movie. I am looking to purchase this movie. I have all the other Bond movies on video. Can anyone help me get one?
B000002BFZ|5.0|This is the one album that resolved it within me to never listen to another music critic ever again. I intend on burnng all my copies of Q in a bonfire sometime. It didn't get the praise it deserved and it deserves a  lot. Off He Goes should be listened to in a dark room for full effect. Then  Present Tense: an excellent song. Plus many others. In my opinion, it's  their best album; the one where they truly grow up and leave all that  grunge behind them. Not that grunge is a bad thing, but ... this is better.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This is a real good CD.  It sound really cool with the San Fransisco Orchestra in the Back!  For people who like hard rock you don't notice the orchestra very much!  I don't unless i listen for it!
B000001FS3|4.0|I like this album. It is a good album. You should buy this album. I like this album, because it stirs up a sense of &quot;magic&quot;. I like this album. This is because it is barren, yet powerfully instilling a message to  the marrow of our bones. I like it a lot. Did I possibly have the audacity  to forget to mention the one important fact, with which i originally set  out to express? That I really do like this album. Thank you. Have fun  listening to this album that I like.
0783211856|1.0|After making a fortune on silly but entertaining blockbusters like Jaws and the Indiana Jones movies, Spielberg decided to take himself seriously as a Jewish filmmaker and do a holocaust movie.  The predictable reflex is  to say the movie is great, because it is about the holocaust.  But I find  the BUSINESS of recreating the holocaust for Hollywood a disturbing and  potentially dangerous endeavor.  A re-enactment can remove the audience  from the reality of the event, so authenticity is critical.  This movie,  which was purported by many to be realistic, was filled with flaws.  It was  in B&amp;W, which was a big problem for me.  There seems to be an ongoing  debate about this issue with some of the other reviewers, but my feeling is  that the holocaust happened in color, so the movie should have been in  color to bring it closer to home.  I sensed the B&amp;W was an unnecessary  and unsuccessful attempt at an artistic touch.  The movie also should have  been done in German with English subtitles.  Imagine a German watching  Schindler's List in Germany, reading subtitles to understand the English  dialogue.  Does that sound realistic to you?  If you want to learn about  the holocaust, watch Shoah or read a book by Primo Levi.  Don't watch the  Hollywood version by billionaire profiteer SS.
B00000BKI4|4.0|Aye, this is an album that strains with agonised beauty. His voice, as those vocal chords stretch around those lyrics, instill frozen images into your mind. Images of pine woods in winter, thick with drifts of snow.  Though the lyrics are a bit troublesome. &quot;Holes, dug by little  moles.&quot; The forced rhyming continues throughout and tends to negate  from the sheer precision and haunting instruments (obscure ones, by the  way). But, it's a good album and entirely different to anything else I've  heard. Maybe I'm just not an educated man, as far as music is concerned.  But this, to me, seems very unique.
0375408282|4.0|For those who have grown weary of the typical post-war, anti-Nazi novels, movies, and histories of World War II Germany (I'm thinking of Ursula Hegi's tedious Stones from the River,among others), but wonder how the  legacy of Nazism has affected successive generations, this book is a  must-read.  Written by a German man who grew up in post-war Germany, this  book sheds light on how people of his generation have grappled with the  Third Reich and its aftermath.  At the same time, the book touchingly tells  a young man's coming-of-age  story in a most compelling manner.  The love  affair with Hanna, the friendships with his school and university  classmates, and the strained relationship with his family are utterly  credible--so much so that one cannot help wondering how much of it was  based on the author's personal experiences. This also lent credibility to  the other part of the story--Hanna herself and her experiences during the  war and afterwards.  While illiteracy is no excuse for atrocities, this  book does convey the profound effect that illiteracy can have, not only on  the illiterate but on those around her.  If  Schlink's story is an accurate  portrayal of what Germany's baby boomers are experiencing, he has done us  all a great service by describing it. I found it ironic that I was  listening to this book on tape, which are so much easier to make today that  in the 1950s.  I am giving the tape to my sister, a high school English  teacher, because I think she would enjoy it and might recommend it to some  of her more sophisticated students.  And I am planning to read it myself,  the old-fashioned way.  Listening to books on tape is a delightful  convenience in our busy lives, but there is no substitute for curling up  with a good book in one's hands--a pleasure that Hanna sadly came to enjoy  much too late in life.
B000002LFU|4.0|This CD stayed with me for about a week before I lost it. It was like a passionate affair. After a short and uplifting while in my stereo, it decided to roll off to wherever it lies now. Left me with songs like,  &quot;You are the Everything,&quot; a song SO inspiring that adrenaline  sweated up through me by the gallons. &quot;Here's a scene: you're in the  back-seat, laying down, the windows wrap around you, the sound of the  travel and the engine. All you hear is time stand still in travel.&quot;  Those lines, when pitched by the good Stipe... excellent stuff. And of  course, Remember California, World Leader Pretend and various other songs I  cannot remember by title, because MY CD LOVED ME AND LEFT ME!  Or maybe  didn't love me. That might explain the &quot;leaving&quot; bit.
B000006OS2|1.0|I have previously purchased this movie on video casette.  It was the authorized version by the Wayne family and is of excellant quality.  I looked forward to viewing this movie on DVD, but was very disappointed in  the quality of the Good Times edition.  The sound quality is that of an old  print of a black and white 1930's western. It is scratchy and very annoying  to listen to. This wasn't a digitally remastered print of the original  film.  Good Times simply copied an old out of date print of the film onto  DVD.  The picture quality is poor with lines and evidence of the wear and  tear of countless theater and TV viewings.  I would suggest that anyone  wanting to purchase a DVD of this film wait until a reputable company  releases an authorized version that can be enjoyed.  I certainly felt  ripped off after watching ten minutes of this DVD.
B000001EAQ|4.0|Yes, U2's noise seems to have become grounded in the world of electricity, something I'm sure critics pounded with comments like, &quot;They're just skimming the dance scene and incorporating it into their music to create a  commercially successful record.&quot; I actually agree: I hate Mofo with a  Passion. But some songs just defy this and show that through their radical  new sound, they're actually getting BETTER. This is the evolution of U2 to  date, one of the most diverse bands ever, i think. Kicking.
B000009DUY|4.0|John Williams have with this album returned to the realms of dark film music. He did it with the Nixon soundtrack, and now he does it again.<br />This soundtrack brings back all emotional scenes from the film. So  if you like the film, go out and buy this record.
B000002UJQ|4.0|&quot;Exit Music&quot; and &quot;Let Down&quot; are two incredible tracks that genuinely raise the hair on the back of your neck. I recommend a good listening-to in the dark or on a Walkman whilst driving through a valley.  However, in my opinion, they're the only two &quot;outstanding&quot;  tracks. Karma Police is severely overrated - I have no idea why it's so  celebrated. Then the rest, whilst good in themselves, don't compare to the  moment in Exit Music when Thom Yorke climaxes with, &quot;AND NOW, WE ARE  ONE, IN EVERLASTING PEACE.&quot; Excellent stuff. A White-Hot Floyd.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|By far Rage's best work to date. The album is filled with the always new and experimental sounds of Tom's guitar and Zach's unquestionable lyrics of the real world. This is an excellent album and should be bought by/for  anyone with an appreciation to good music.
B00000ILBK|5.0|It has everything, action, romance, a twist, and virtu
B00000DHR0|3.0|I'll give this three stars because Celin has an amazing voice and she does a few of these songs very well (most noteable are Ave Maria and Oh Come All Ye Faithfull)<br />Problem is about 1/2 the album is fluf, uncommon or  original Christmas songs. Of these the best is the duet with R. Kelly  &quot;I'm Your Angel&quot;, which isn't even a Christmas song.<br />Not my  favorite Christmas CD by any means, if you're a huge fan of Celin, you'll  probably really enjoy this. I'm not a huge fan of her music, and I honestly  feel she's had a hit and miss career. I found &quot;Falling Into You&quot;  to be a great album, but her last effort &quot;Let's Talk About Love&quot;  wss boring and aside for it's giant hit made famous by the Titanic movie,  this album has little appeal to both genders (great female following  though). <br />Bottom line if you're only a hoe-hum fan (like myself) do not  buy this CD, if you're a big fan you probably already have it, if not, it's  worth the money.
6305546797|4.0|The story deals with a character named Michael Myers, who at the age of six stabbed his sister to death with a kitchen knife. After spending about a decade in a mental hospital he escapes and goes on a murderous rampage in  his hometown Haddonfield. Halloween is loaded with thrills and chills that  would keep about every horror buff entertained. Scripted and Directed by  John Carpenter.
0899668151|5.0|This is my favorite book.  I absolutely loved it.  Sylvia Plath is not only a magnicificent writer, she is a remarkable genius.
0380977281|5.0|How nice to enjoy a book over the weekend that could make me marvel at what it might really be all about - and revive the desire to be more hopeful and believing as an adult!
B00000JY1X|5.0|I am sure you have all your someone say - or maybe you have even said it yourself - &quot;that song was written about me!&quot;  Well, these albums were written about every single relationship I have ever been in.  Some good, some bitter-sweet, all memorable.  <br />To listen to all 3 albums takes  a while - but it is easy to appreciate them.  I liked almost all of them  the first time.  When I first heard that Magnetic Fields was putting out a  boxed set of 69 love songs, my first reaction was &quot;how  pretentious&quot;.  But as a long time fan, I would, of course, give them a  chance.  <br />This collection is amazing.
0792835980|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies ever, and not because it is set practically in my backyard. It contains three of the best actors of all time, and features a marvelous and humorous plot. The translation to DVD is  also masterful. Highly recommended.
B00000JBCP|5.0|Siempre me ha gustado la msica de Man, desde que la escuch por vez primera.  Este disco lleva su msica a otro nivel.  Las primeras cuatro canciones son mejores que las originales, y no es una exageracin decir que  me da piel de gallina escucharlas.  Aunque hubiera preferido que tocaran  solamente canciones SUYAS, las tres &quot;extras&quot; son tambin bastante  buenas una vez que te acostumbras de este sonido nuevo para Man.  La  guitarra acstica acompaa perfectamente a la voz de Fher, Alex es  impresionante como siempre en su batera, y todo se junta para llenar tanto  los sentidos como los odos.  Por favor, Man:  Que salga otro disco  &quot;Unplugged&quot; pronto!  Sus aficionados estamos esperando  ansiosamente.
6300214540|5.0|I first saw Top Gun when I myself was in the military. The movies are required to have some kind of flaw with thier military scenes, to not give away all of our secrets. This movie depicts military life and action with  the most accuracy I have ever seen. This is why it is TIMELESS !  It is as  awesome today as it was when it first game out in 1986.    My 4 yr. old son  liked the soundtrack before he even saw the movie. I told him &quot; If you  like this wait until you see the movie!&quot; Now he has seen it at least 5  times and he loves it. So, I thought I would get him the video.<br />AWESOME  ACTION !
B000001IPL|5.0|This CD's got it all! Fast songs, grinding guitars, meaningful lyrics; there's nothing that I'd change on this disc.
B000002UAI|5.0|ANOTHER HANDFULL OF CLASSICS THAT I NEVER GET TIRED OF,ALL THESE YEARS LATER. POSSIBLY ONE OF THERE MOST UNDERRATED ALBUMS TODAY,MOST OF THESE SONGS ARE BEATLES GOLD,INCLUDING EIGHT DAYS A WEEK,I'LL FOLLOW THE  SUN,WORDS OF LOVE, ROCK AND ROLL MUSIC,IM A LOSER,KANSAS CITY, AND I DONT  WANT TO SPOIL THE PARTY.THE ONLY THING I WISH THEY WOULD HAVE DONE IS PUT  IN LEAVE MY KITTEN ALONE IN PLACE OF MR MOONLIGHT,BUT THIS IS STILL A 5  STAR ROCKER THAT IS UNFORGETTABLE AND IS A MUST HAVE FOR ANY SERIOUS  COLLECTION.
B000002U82|5.0|Although I am not positive if I can assert this album as Pink Floyd's BEST work (how can I compare it to Wish you were here or The Wall?), it is certainly one of the most monumental manifestations of genius in the  history of music.
B000002UAF|5.0|PROBABLY THERE BEST ALBUM FROM THE EARLY YEARS,THIS OFFERING WAS AND IS A ROCK CLASSIC,AND WILL BE FOREVER.THE GEMS ARE THE TITLE SONG,IF I FELL,AND I LOVE HER,CANT BUY ME LOVE,I'LL BE BACK,AND THE UNFORGETTABLE THINGS WE  SAID TODAY.THERE IS NOT A WEAK SONG ON THE ENTIRE DISC,AND IF THIS AIN'T IN  YOUR COLLECTION,YOU JUST DON'T KNOW WHAT YOUR MISSING!. THIS IS ROCK AND  ROLL , PERIOD.!
B000001A5X|5.0|One word describes this album, eternal.  Incredble lyrical depth, both personal and political, set off by metaphysical jazz-folk-blues-pop-r&amp;b and melancholic classical arrangements.  Marvin's child.  This is what he  left us, and its more than Puffy or Biggie or Tupackin or R.Kelly or God  knows what other joke of an r&amp;b rap artist could ever attempt to  achieve in this day and age!  (Gotta give props to Wyclef and Lauryn  though!)  Buy this now.  Its message is eternal.
B00001U03Q|5.0|Eric Clapton's new Album &quot; Clapton Chronicles &quot; is worth buying. This Album has all of his hits through the 80's and the 90's. It also includes a couple of songs in his latest album, Pilgrim. Almost everyone of  his songs are great. Some are soft and others have great beats. This CD has  a great varity of music. It is great to buy for the holidays! MERRY  CHRISTMAS!
B0000070SG|5.0|some like the lemmy era, some enjoy the calvert period (after calvert, forget it).  I could mention these later albums by name, but why bother?  'in search of space' is a genre-defining release on par with 'paranoid,'  'in rock,' 'demons and wizards,' 'salisbury,' 'fragile,' 'atom heart  mother,' etc...  this album introduced me to the notion that progressive  rock was at least as much about adventure and wonder as it was merely about  complexity and dexterity.  while I am basically aware of what came before  and (to varying degrees) painfully aware of what came after, 'in search of  space' really is the all-time last word in cryptic, drug-addled,  space-conjurations.  if you've got the money and the inclination, buy every  hawkwind album with 197 as the first three numbers of the release date.   this band is more prolific than the grateful dead when it comes to  compilations and live albums, so try to purchase discs wilth 1970's release  dates and avoid live albums expect 'space ritual.'
6304119046|5.0|A hard hitting story of the corrupting of a politician. The most original look at the time, of how power can mold the human nature. Black and white format only served to bring out the starkness of the drama.
B00000F1D3|2.0|After listening to this CD,I was left wondering why every musical arrangement sounded the same.  The lyrics changed, but the beat remained the same from one song to the next.  As a Cher fan, I am extremely  dissapointed in this product.
B00000J7J4|4.0|Well I do like this CD because of some strong songs, but Santana has always come across to me like a teenager who has learnt a few riffs and can't stop playing them loud and fast. There's no invention or feeling in  his playing. He'll always be second tier to players like Hendrix, Clapton,  Van Halen. Several of the tracks sound like he over-dubbed the guitar  leads, long after the main song was finished, so they seem redundant. But  enjoyable nonetheless.
0393317552|5.0|Guns, Germs, and Steel examines broad patterns of history: the spread of human populations, the spread of food production, and the recent European dominaton. Diamond explains how these patterns arose from geography, not  from differences among people, attacking the roots of racism. The book very  well written, discussion many aspects of the interaction among groups and  races, and should greatly reduce your doubt that Europeans were merely  lucky.
B00000BKDZ|4.0|I wouldn't give it a 5-star rating because I simply don't give 5-star ratings, unless a work is revolutionary or at least evolutionary in the rock realm. <br />Putting that aside, this is one of IM's finest albums. This  was the THE album which baptized me as a metal lover. When I heard it for  the first time at 16, I  discovered that there was more to metal than just  cacophonic string jamming and neck-cramps.<br />It's got some spectacular,  gut-wrenching guitar riffs. And it's not just string-plucking, head-banging  all the way. It's got a mesmerizing rhythm. Most of the tracks have that  characteristic Maiden gothic hum; you can feel it in your bones. This is  one of Iron Maiden's yesteryear works, before Janick Jers replaced Adrian  Smith. The trio of Murray, Smith and Harris have produced some of the  finest guitar-work I've heard in a life-time. And combined with Dickinson's  powerful vocals, it's a masterpiece. <br />The album is very thematic -- all  songs are actually chapters from a story, which unwinds. (Read the lyrics  from each song and connect the dots.) From 'Moon Child', which tells the  tale of a child with special powers, to 'Infinite Dreams', where he's  haunted by his clairvoyance but doesn't know what it is. As he grows in  'Can I Play With Madness', these powers take on a stronger form and he  begins to realize his mystique. In 'The Evil That Men Do', he falls in in  love which ends in betrayal, followed by the title track, '7th Son Of A 7th  Son'. In 'The Prophecy' and 'The Clairvoyant' he learns the purpose of his  powers and what to do. In the last track, 'Only The Good Die Young', at all  ends.<br />Definitely a collector's item for anyone who appreciates and sees a  metal classic!
B000002A46|5.0|This is a Christmas album everyone must get . It is simply traditional and yet the same time up to date . &quot;All I Want For Christmas Is You&quot; is a very up-beating song and you can dance to it . &quot;Miss You  Most&quot; is a very touching song that has like a story in it . It is for  those who are missing someone . While the other songs are traditional  Christmas songs , she made them so much better .
B00000IO4I|4.0|I picked this up primarily because I remembered Horrocks' hysterical character &quot;Bubble&quot; in the Britcom &quot;Absolutely Fabulous&quot;.  And I'm glad I got it: what a great movie!  The acting is fabulous (was the Academy asleep when this movie came out?...where are all the awards! ), and the story is interesting (despite what I think is one very minor flaw in the story).  But what really blew me away is the  accurate dead-on portrayal of what sloth, greed and selfishness do to  people.  What a revealing and interesting picture of human nature!  You  can't help but feel sorry for LV when you see what surrounds her.  It's  well worth renting, and definitely worth buying.  This one's a keeper that  you'll enjoy owning.  Horrock's musical performances are astounding and all  songs were sung by her: there's no trick dubbing in this movie.
6302797535|5.0|Fantastic, extremely funny, a great movie for the price. If you like spoofs and like detective movies, you will love this.
0140277447|5.0|This book being the first novel written in english that documents the atrocities committeed by the Japanese in the city of Nanking has done a magnificent job in exposing the American Public to the &quot;forgotten  Holocaust&quot; in Asia.         Everyone knows about the Holocaust or  Schindler, but most have no idea what Nanking is or who Rabe is. Many claim  there are mistakes in the book, dates and facts that can be disproven, but  the words of the survivors who witnessed the murder of their own family and  who lived through gang rape can never be disputed, because those scars,  emotional and physical, will always remain. And the words of the former  Japanese soldiers who have admitted and regretted their sins will always be  in the archives.        This is a rewarding book that will be read for  generations, and now the world will finally learn of what really happened,  the atrocities, the attempts of the Japanese government to cover up and  deny their wrongdoings even today.
0790734443|1.0|Hey guys, at least in Plan 9, Ed Wood didn't have nipples on his heroes costumes.<br />This is without a doubt the all time worst movie ever made. It is too bad to heckle, it will suck out your brain faster than anything Riddler could concoct. I made the mistake of wasting my money to see this  in the theatre and was stuck there because I got a ride with friends. I  spent the last hour desperatly staring at my wristwatch which was sad  because I wasn't WEARING a wristwatch. Like a said, the braindrain.<br />This  was the first movie I ever saw Nicole Kidman in and until I saw her  something else, I was convinced she was a bad actress. Now I realize she  was stuck in the mess of bad direction like everyone else. Her character,  Chase Meridian, is a big time Bond girl ripoff and that is not a  compliment. She starts by making a crack at her superior, Catwoman, how  pathetic.<br />Tommy Lee Jones was wasted. Totally wasted. He is such a great  actor but he was stuck playing second banana (ham?) to Jim Carrey who was  miscast as the Riddler.<br />The Riddler presumably has a crush on Bruce Wayne  and when Wayne woodenly brushes him and his invention off, he snaps. Great  motivation guys. We sympathized with Penguin, we understood Joker but  Riddler is just another freak.<br />Next complaint: The  my-parents-were-murdered flashbacks. Wasn't this covered in the first  batman?<br />As for Robin, don't even get me started.<br />Tim Burton! WHY DID  YOU LEAVE US IN THE CLUTCHES OF SHUMACHER? WHYYYYYYY !
B000031XCR|5.0|Celine once again proves the beauty, power and versatility of her voice in this album of favorites - along with seven new songs. There is something for everyone in this CD, from the upbeat &quot;That's The Way It Is&quot;  to the very passionate &quot;The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face&quot; and  &quot;Live&quot;. I don't usually enjoy duets done with singers past, but  the title song with Sinatra is a masterpiece, sounding as if they were next  to each other. And if you like different versions of her other well known  songs then this CD is the one for you. This would be a wonderful addition  to any music collection.
0792842731|1.0|Hi, I'm just here to say that all you feminists out there should not believe the propaganda that was rammed down everyone's throat way back in 1997. Presumably, the makers of Bond discovered that (gasp!) women have money and buy movie tickets. Armed with this revelation, they set about  trying to erase memories of the exploitation of women, the female mud  wrestling and the many occasions Bond has slapped his girlfriend.<br />Aha! A  plan! We'll make a LIBERATED BOND GRRL! Yes, that was the answer and thus  they set about trying to create an intelligent Bond girl who also looks hot  in leather.<br />They came up with a Chinese agent. Which is fine. Except she  is a carbon copy of Agent triple X in The Spy Who Loved Me. They even stole  a scene right out of it! Remember the scene where Triple X tells Bond that  she stole the plans to his Lotus a few months before. Ring any bells?<br />My  main complaint about this so-called liberated Bond grrl is that she's not,  well, liberated. She ties with several other Bond women for the most  captured status and holds the record for Recaptured within the Shortest  Amount of Time. (at the conclusion, she is recaptured less than 20 minutes  after she is rescued.) <br />Even the dumbest Bond Girl (Stacy in A View to a  Kill) doesn't have a record like that.<br />Bottom line (finally?): Melina in  For Your Eyes Only is the most liberated Bond girl ever. She is smart, only  gets captured once and weilds one mean crossbow. <br />&quot;Tommorow&quot; is  a bomb and if it hadn't been a Bond film, absolutely no one would have  watched it. All of the actors and actresses deserved better.
B0000022WA|4.0|Hayley Mills is fine in the dual role as cheeky twins who switch places at summer camp in order to be the opposite parent (they were separated as babies). Maureen O'Hara is very good as the beautiful mother and Brian Keith is a natural as the gruff Dad. Veteran actors Charlie Ruggles and Cathleen Nesbitt are the Grandparents and Una Merkel is Verbena, the housekeeper who delivers an amusing performance (&quot;I don't say anything&quot;!) she constantly mutters. A funny camping trip with Dad's bitchy girlfriend is good fun and the ending is predictibly happy with Mom and Dad remarrying.
B00000DFRS|5.0|I have been a long-standing fan of Mr.s Whitney for years now, and for great reason. She is one of the greatset POP/R&amp;B singers on the market. Her work is always origional, though she may not write any of it, she does  choose songs that focus on her voice rather than the image or the appeal.  This si exactly what this album does. There are some beat heavey groves on  this disc, and with Whitney's beautiful, full voice we get the whole  package. 'It's Not Right But It's Okay' already a single of the past (I  think No.4 on the charts) is a great up-tempo song, filled with wonderful  harmony and lyrics. 'When You Believe' her duet with my fav. Mariah Carey,  is a great song that should have been bigger than it was. Because it wasn't  /mainstream' pop it didn't get its play time, which is strange 'cause  between the two of these diva's (I hate that word!) they have had 25 No.1  hits and 91 weeks at No.1. Go figure? The title track and 'If I Told You  That' both shine as does 'In My Buisiness' with Missy Elliot. The ballad 'I  Learned From The Best' shows Whitney in top vocal form, and one can feel  the music rather than just hear it. There are only a few artists out there  who go to another level when singing (Michael Jackson being one, and  possibly Celine or Mariah) and they take you with them. Great song. 'Oh  Yesy' had suggestive lyrics, but you know what, it shines too! 'Until You  Come Back' is a great love-huts balld, as is 'I Bow Out'. This whole damn  CD is great, from start to finish, you don't get that very often. I listen  to every song on this labum, they never get boring, repetitive or  repulsive. Their great! She's done it again! Like on 'The Bodygurad' or  'I'm Your Baby Tonight' or 'Whitney Houston' this one shines fuller and  brighter than even those did. Great CD! Five out of Five.
B000005H7D|5.0|This is truly Coltrane at his best.  Maybe you thought you knew him from &quot;My Favorite Things,&quot; or Giant Steps, but this one takes the cake.  The title track takes it all (with a great recording of Lazy Bird).   Whether you're a Jazz lover, musician, or novice, I promise this will be a  great way to enter the world of Jazz, enjoy.
B000002MG1|2.0|The title speakes volumes about the amount of effort that REM put into this CD.  I believe it was their attempt to prove that popularity (something REM has never enjoyed) alone would sell CDs.  It is interesting  to notice the large number of five star reviews from people that start with  (to paraphrase) &quot;this was my first REM CD&quot; i.e. &quot;I did not  listen until they were popular&quot;.
B000002G26|3.0|Bryan Adams has compiled an impressive list of hit singles, and it looks like I'm a majority of one here, but some of them don't stand up as well as they did when I was younger and they were in hot rotation on the radio.   Don't misunderstand, some of these songs are excellent - especially  &quot;Run to You&quot; (probably his best), &quot;Heat of the Night&quot;  and &quot;It's Only Love&quot;, and most of the music is well-written and  well-produced.  But I've always had a problem with his cliche-ridden  lyrics, and on many of these songs (&quot;Straight From the Heart&quot;,  &quot;Somebody&quot;, and &quot;(Everything I Do) I Do It For You&quot;  most notably) it's hard to ignore how dull the lyrics are.  I have an  Italian friend says he loved Bryan Adams until he learned English, and I  can understand why.  It would have nice for A&amp;M to give us the single  versions, as well (two songs, &quot;(EID)IDIFY&quot; and &quot;Do I Have to  Say the Words?&quot;, come back for two minute reprises after the song is  pretty much concluded), so as to fit on more tracks - maybe &quot;One Night  Love Affair&quot; or &quot;Thought I'd Died and Gone to Heaven&quot;.  The  inclusion of the dumb-but-fun-rock-song-about-rock (but aren't all  rock-songs-about-rock pretty dumb?) &quot;Kids Wanna Rock&quot; is odd, but  welcome.  The new track &quot;Please Forgive Me&quot; is more bad ballad  fodder (a la &quot;(EID)IDIFY&quot;), but at least his duet with Sting  &amp; Rod Stewart (&quot;All For Love&quot;) didn't make it on.  Good for  putting in the car when you're going out partying when you want to listen  to dumb but fun stuff.
B000002J1B|4.0|The only thing this album has in common with CTTE is that it has 3 songs- one epic and 2 shorter pieces.  I have to agree that this is Yes's harshest sounding album.  &quot;The Gates of Dellium&quot; is Anderson at his most  direct lyrically, though the mood peacefully changes like a breath of fresh  air at the &quot;Soon&quot; finale.  Steve Howe's guitar solo on  &quot;Sound Chaser&quot; is eerie, while Patrick Moraz features spacey jazz  fusion on the keyboards.  Meanwhile Squire and White bash it out on the  bass and drums, respectively.  &quot;To Be Over&quot; is a more peaceful  but still moody track.
155890641X|5.0|SNOW WHITE created a milestone in cinema history; people were mesmerized when they first saw the premier in 1937, as it was the first feature length cartoon and it was BRILLIANT! It took 750 artists to work and perfect an amazing 250,000 drawings to bring this fairy tale classic(by the Brothers Grimm)amazingly and astonishingly to life.Producers and other cynical Hollywood scoffers(and there were many)stood awestruck at the finished result. The film made a mint financially and won Disney a special Oscar in 1938 (it was presented to him by Shirley Temple) The voice of Snow White was eloquently provided by Adriana Caselotti ;the Evil Queen was vocalised by the great Lucille LaVerne. The film eventually cost one and a half million dollars which was an astronimical sum in the thirties. A film to cherish forever,it belongs on every child's video shelf!
0767805712|5.0|Gattaca is not your typical sci-fi movie.  I think a lot of what this movie has to offer has nothing to do with science fiction.  Gattaca is full of inspiration.  It's the story of a young man going after his dreams even  though his family and society have given up on him.  It's also the story of  another young man plagued by perfection.  The DVD shows a few cut scenes.   Many great themes in this film.  Who knows what the future will be like?   Outstanding performances by Ethan Hawke, Jude Law, Uma Thurman, and Loren  Dean (from Billy Bathgate).
B000002KON|5.0|As an American intoxicated by British pop music, I can only say that I find this album to be the difintive 'state of the union' (as it were) record in the rock-n-roll canon.  Nowhere will you find an album that has  as much intent fruitfully concieved as you will on this masterpiece of a  record by that most British of British Invasion bands.  'Arthur' is  essentially the soundtrack of an ill-fated television program about an  ordinary, middle-age Brit coming to terms with the end of an era--both his  and his country's.  While this would seem to be the makings of the most  interminable pop album ever devised, it instead turns into a most  adventurous, touching, and FUN listening experience.  Ray Davies musical  and lyrical ideas are so fecund here that every song sounds like the  overture to some unmade musical.  If this is your cup of tea, you will not  be unhappy with this near perfect suite of songs that rather contededly  lament the passing of the British Empire.  For fans of Brit-pop, it simply  doesn't get any more British than this, and the pop is second-to-none.  It  is an album that astounds on the first listen, and gets better from there.   It is easily the best 'concept album' I've heard, and I could without  reservation say that it it's one of the best unsung pop albums ever  (especially in the new release, which has a few Dave Davies gems tacked on  as bonus tracks).  I know this review teems with hyperbole, but the record  really is that good.  This the Kinks's best album.  And as a song cycle of  near perfect fusion of words and music, it is unique in the generally less  ambitious world of pop music.
B000002JEV|5.0|This is easily my favorite album.  I've had it for  a year, and every time I listen to it, I notice some new subtle guitar riff.  Probably the best parts on the discs are the second version of &quot;I Can't Quit You  Baby&quot; on the first disc, &quot;Black Dog&quot;, and &quot;Dazed and  Confused&quot; on the second disc.  The beginning of &quot;I Can't Quit  You...&quot; is super, super sweet, with a beautiful, melodic guitar  passage and an extremely funky bass riff.  The solo on that song is superb  as well, as it starts out super sweet ala the beginning of the song, but   then gets mean and nasty.  What amazing expression with the guitar.  Bravo,  Pagey.  Black Dog just has soooo incredibly much power to it, and the solo  is  out of this world.  Dazed and Confused is impressive in the middle, as  Page pulls unheard of sounds out of his Les Paul.  There's one part right  in the middle that gives me  shivers every time I hear it.  He's using his  violin bow on the Les Paul, and he's got his Echoplex cranked.  After  ascending the fretboard with the bow, he suddenly stops playing, and the  repeats of the ascent create underwater sounds!  It has to be heard to be  believed!
0026009102|5.0|Read this book for an unbelievable eye-opening experience.  This book is quite the best I have ever read, without question.  The protagonist maintains his integrity throughout and is an ideal model for people  everywhere.  I felt like I had come home reading this and have read it  numerous times throughout the years.  It is inspiring and  thought-provoking.  Ayn Rand takes no prisoners and shows us what happens  to those who are gifted and intelligent in this world.  If anyone does not  think she is correct, he/she only needs to look at what is happening with  Bill Gates today.  A challenging novel which changes the reader forever  after.
0790736039|5.0|This is as good as horror films get! Stephen King's best seller novel is one of the best films I've seen in a LONG, long time. After watching Pennywise do its evil tricks and cause mayhem-the circus may be the last  place you want to be...
6304697961|2.0|The first one in the series of (so far?) seven Halloween movies probably was a superbly scary thriller-horror movie in 1978 - but for today's public, it rather appears as a comedy.<br />There is barely any blood in it,  and Michael Myers is easy to knock down (even though he doesn't die, of  course...) by a young Jamie Lee Curtis who, by the way, look like herself,  she only had longer hair and a smaller behind back then.<br />The real  surprise in fact comes in the beginning of the movie where we see who  Michael Myers really is!
0385484518|2.0|Right from the first page, I was hoping against hope that this book was not going to be like one of Mitch Albom's columns in the Detroit Free Press.  You see, Mitch Albom writes emotionally much of the time.  The  problem with the written word is that it is hard to write sincerity into a  story, so the words come off sounding trite and banal. Whether he is  writing about Morrie, or a poor kid from Detroit who gets a college  scholarship and becomes a star basketball player for the University of  Michigan, Albom's writing is the same--emotional, and to my  mind,insincere--and he get tons of awards for this. I read 'Tuesdays with  Morrie' just to see what the fuss was about. It was an o.k. book, but it  was nothing special. The feeling I get from reading this book and Albom's  columns, is that he can't decide if he wants to make use of his Master's  Degree in Journalism, or his BA in Sociology, so he does both. I often  wonder if the Detroit Free Press hired him as a sportswriter or a columnist  writing about current events--the paper's editors let him do both, which is  something I can't understand. I'm glad I got 'Tuesdays with Morrie' from  the library instead of paying for it.
6300214184|5.0|Please release this as a DVD. This is such a GREAT movie!  It deserves it!
0790729377|4.0|The film (like virtually all pre-1952 films) was shot in the Academy format of 1.37 to 1.  Because your non-widescreen TV is 1.33 to 1, there is no reason to letterbox the DVD image.  So the aspect ratio has only been  altered to the extent that you're losing a few millimeters on each side.   (The same is true of virtually all other pre-1952 films, despite numerous  posts at Amazon.com complaining about no widescreen and pan-and-scan  cutting, etc.  It's great that people now look for widescreen videos and  DVDs, but it's not so great that people don't understand that you're not  going to find them before the fifties.)  &quot;Streetcar&quot; is a  masterpiece, certainly one of the top 50 American movies every made.  The  only reason I've given it 4 stars instead of 5 is because the film print  used for this DVD is somewhat warn and there is much graininess in the  image.  There's also a hiss on the mono audio.  Hopefully, this film will  be remastered for DVD someday.  In the meantime, this is still the best the  film has ever looked for the home market.  Also, at this price it's a real  bargain.
6305603847|5.0|The pictures are vivid, the sound in 5.1 digital dolby is awsome.  The menus are very cool, and the additional footage/documentary/interviews/commentary are a very nice bonus.  One  excellent DVD!
6305108153|2.0|The first one in the series of (so far?) seven Halloween movies probably was a superbly scary thriller-horror movie in 1978 - but for today's public, it rather appears as a comedy.<br />There is barely any blood in it,  and Michael Myers is easy to knock down (even though he doesn't die, of  course...) by a young Jamie Lee Curtis who, by the way, look like herself,  she only had longer hair and a smaller behind back then.<br />The real  surprise in fact comes in the beginning of the movie where we see who  Michael Myers really is!
B0000004V2|5.0|Unfortunately, the Stone Roses did not last very long but their debut album is a major landmark in music. Alternative music, or at least that label, began with this album. It played a major role in the whole  Manchester scene, right about the time that raving became everyone's party  of choice. &quot;I wanna be adored&quot; was the only single that received  any airplay in America, but there are several songs that are just as good.  This album should not be listened to track by track but is best when played  in its entirety.
6303332609|5.0|This movie is hard to find in the video stores.  So just tape it off the TV.<br />Also killer klowns are becomming pretty normal now, I did love the movie.  I also recommend the public to play Twisted Metal Series for  playstation or dreamcast.  There are Killer Clowns, one of them is  surprisingly named Sweet Tooth, and he is da'Bome.  Also listen to the  Insane Clown Posse, what they say in there music is so funny.
B000021XS0|5.0|I have been an avid fan of Dream Theater ever since the awsome release of Images and Words. I did not realize at the time I purcased the disc that it would would be this amazing. I think the new release Scenes from a memory  is exellent!  I have not heard the entire C.D. yet but what I did was  spectacular. I consider Dream Theater to be one of the best talents on the  planet and all others. They are the most original band I have ever heard  of. I love the progression in the music they deliver, and every release of  D.T. so far have been truly spellbinding. Although my favorite C.D. by D.T.  is Awake, I absolutly love The Mirror and Lie. Dream Theater will stay with  me all my life. They are a phenomenon that will never be out performed.  From your undying fan Steve Bradley
6305537542|2.0|The first one in the series of (so far?) seven Halloween movies probably was a superbly scary thriller-horror movie in 1978 - but for today's public, it rather appears as a comedy.<br />There is barely any blood in it,  and Michael Myers is easy to knock down (even though he doesn't die, of  course...) by a young Jamie Lee Curtis who, by the way, look like herself,  she only had longer hair and a smaller behind back then.<br />The real  surprise in fact comes in the beginning of the movie where we see who  Michael Myers really is!
0385484518|5.0|I sat down to read this book and didn't get up until I had finished it. It speaks volumes, with grace and honesty. Its clear message, like the contradictions in life pointed out in the book, is simple, obvious, and  complex at the same time. Don't miss it.
B00000IPAX|1.0|This is an insult to punk.  As an answer to a review a little below mine &quot;if you don't like it don't listen to it&quot;, I say, I feel that it's my duty to listen to, and give a bad review to this cd.  For all of  you who think this is punk it isn't even close.  Blink lost their edge  after Cheshire Cat (an excellent CD), and they haven't gained anything  except two videos on MTV and little girl fans.  This is the last trash punk  needs.  Do yourself a favor and leave this album on the shelves.
0140277447|5.0|I have been following the reviews on Amazon.com and there appears to be a persistant campaign (waged, probably, by one or two readers) to discredit the book with one-star reviews. What worries me is that many of these  reviews contain deliberately FALSE information. For example, the last  reviewer claims more than 100 journalists were in Nanjing but none reported  news of a massacre. That is a total lie. The Nanjing massacre was widely  covered by many reporters in the area (even Japanese reporters) and  journalists from the New York Times, Associated Press and Chicago Daily  News, as Iris Chang's book so clearly describes.
1564428117|2.0|The first one in the series of (so far?) seven Halloween movies probably was a superbly scary thriller-horror movie in 1978 - but for today's public, it rather appears as a comedy.<br />There is barely any blood in it,  and Michael Myers is easy to knock down (even though he doesn't die, of  course...) by a young Jamie Lee Curtis who, by the way, look like herself,  she only had longer hair and a smaller behind back then.<br />The real  surprise in fact comes in the beginning of the movie where we see who  Michael Myers really is!
B00000JTB2|5.0|In a day and age where musicians are measured by their media persona or how anti-establishment or offensive they are, it comes with great relief that we can still rely on true talent to shine through.  Buy this album,  sit back with a large whiskey and allow yourself to be taken to a higher  musical plain.  SRV allows all his influences space to wander his  fretboard- Hendrix, Albert Collins, Lonnie Mack, and it does make a welcome  change to hear another vocalist complement Stevie's playing, and with the  added bonus of that vocalist being Albert King, you know there will be some  great licks thrown in for good measure.  A must-buy for anyone wanting to  learn blues guitar.
0380973464|5.0|I won't type up an extensive review here, but anyone who enjoys cryptographic issues and/or WWII history and/or N. Stepehenson's other work, will *love* this book.  Almost all of it was brilliantly concieved  and executed.  Sure, as with anything there are flaws, but I really enjoyed  this, much more so than Snow Crash.
0140185232|5.0|THE RAZOR'S EDGE originally had the sub-title &quot;The Story of a Man Who Found a Faith,&quot; and I think anyone willing to take the time to read this masterpiece will do the same.  Larry Darrell embarks on a  philosophical journey, but Maugham does not turn his novel into an INTO TO  PHILOSOPHY text (like SOPHIE'S WORLD).  Instead, Maugham portrays the  goodness of one man as juxtaposed by the worldliness of the others.  It is  fascinating reading by an eloquent, stylish writer.  <br />If you are a  relatively new reader, THE RAZOR'S EDGE will change your life.  If you are  an avid reader who is acquanted with Dostoevsky, Tolstoy, Shakespeare,  O'Neill, etc, Maugham will certainly fit in neatly with your library.
6305546789|2.0|The first one in the series of (so far?) seven Halloween movies probably was a superbly scary thriller-horror movie in 1978 - but for today's public, it rather appears as a comedy.<br />There is barely any blood in it,  and Michael Myers is easy to knock down (even though he doesn't die, of  course...) by a young Jamie Lee Curtis who, by the way, look like herself,  she only had longer hair and a smaller behind back then.<br />The real  surprise in fact comes in the beginning of the movie where we see who  Michael Myers really is!
0380973642|2.0|I read this book--bought it in hardcover, in fact--because I loved Neverwhere.  I was surprised to find out that more often than not, the stories here are pretty annoying.  Either they don't make sense, or they're  just plain boring.  I just finished Stardust, and it was every bit as good  as Neverwhere, or even better.  Guess you win some and lose some.
B00000DHRZ|3.0|i popped this cd in the first day i got it and it was quite a downshift from the offspring, it seems so incomplete, i was thinking, is this the same band that brought me smash and ixnay on the hombre? cant be. offspring  have changed. some people may like this cd, but its just not my thing,  although, i have to give kudos on the tracks feelings and the kids arent  alright, hey dexter: please oh please return to the way you guys were, if  you do, ill overlook this mishap. just please go back to kick a$$ music.
0345350499|5.0|I loved the new spin Bradley put on the old Arthurian legends.  This was a wonderful book.  I recommend it highly to anyone who likes to read about King Arthur.
6305537550|2.0|The first one in the series of (so far?) seven Halloween movies probably was a superbly scary thriller-horror movie in 1978 - but for today's public, it rather appears as a comedy.<br />There is barely any blood in it,  and Michael Myers is easy to knock down (even though he doesn't die, of  course...) by a young Jamie Lee Curtis who, by the way, look like herself,  she only had longer hair and a smaller behind back then.<br />The real  surprise in fact comes in the beginning of the movie where we see who  Michael Myers really is!
B00001ODGR|5.0|Age doesn't take anything away from these guys. This is a great concert taped in Chicago in '96. Sounds great, the surround is awesome. You feel like you are right there live. Great guitar. Check out Miss America. The  video is top notch, very clear and colors are sharp. Everything makes you  feel as though you are right smack in the middle of everything. If you want  a good concert DVD, this is one to have. The songs are... Rockin' The  Paradise, Blue Collar Man, Lady, Too Much Time On My Hands, Snowblind,  Suite Madame Blue, Crystal Ball, Grand Illusion, Fooling Yourself, Show Me  The Way, Boat On The River, Lorelei, Babe, Miss America, Come Sail Away,  Renegade, and The Best of Times. There is a good selection of extras too.  If you like Styx, you will love this DVD. I'm glad they got back together  for this tour.
0780625854|3.0|The reality is that any skin flick is going to get panned by the critics no matter how good they are.  This genera is not politically correct and we all know it.<br />   This movie was a part of Demi Moore's ongoing statement  about artistic limits.  The inane plot is not the focus of the movie.  The  purpose of the movie was to showcase Demi's body and it does a pretty good  job of that.<br />All the objections in previous reviews are valid, but they  miss the point.  It is too bad that the subject cannot be presented better  by writers, directors and producers, but they too appear constrained by  political correctness; the stripper has to be forced into the lifestyle and  must escape from it, etc. etc.  I enjoyed the movie for what it was, but  the banality of the plot is an unecessary drag on the film.  Demi could  have made a wider statement if she had, or was allowed, to expand on her  stated love of dancing or of  turning men on, which some strippers do.
0399143904|4.0|Not his best, but Clancy is definitely getting back in the groove after several disappointing efforts. Thankfully, the ever annoying Jack Ryan barely rates mention here. Instead, the book focuses on a small band of  environmental extremists and their plans to &quot;save&quot; the planet  from mankind. The plot is well presented, and to his credit, Clancy takes  his time in revealing the full extent of the connection between a series of  terrorist attacks and the environuts master plan. We, the readers, get to  savor the way the suspense and mystery build, and then are finally  resolved. Of course, there's the usual Clancy trademarks - two dimensional  characters and far fetched premises (one wonders how realistic the  environmentalist wackoes plans are, but the same applies for a sub full of  defecting Soviet officers (Red October) or a war on the US declared by  Japan in the mid 1990's (Debt of Honor)) but the basic premise is an  intruiging one - namely, what if a bunch of people as utterly devoted to  extreme environmentalism as people once were to Hitler or Marxism decided  to pull out all the stops to achieve their goals? The ending was mildly  disappointing, with a Clancy-esque shootout as opposed to exploring the  deeper philosophical issues at hand (namely, how should mankind deal with  people whose ideology overrides their basic humanity), but overall the book  hit the spot. And it was certainly an improvement over the past few Clancy  efforts, which seemed to be little more than caricatures of earlier Clancy  works.
0553573403|5.0|Great! Fantastic! I got very little sleep for a week because I could not put this book down and read until 2:00a.m. every morning. I liked it so much that I had to go out and buy the next book in the series (A Clash of  Kings)right away. I like to think that I have read most of the  &quot;Classic&quot; Sci-Fi and Fantasy series, and this one ranks right up  at the very top! One tip: at the end of the book is a character list that  breaks out the 100's of characters by families/ fealty's. It makes it a  little easier to keep track of the multiple plots/characters until you get  familiar with them. I found it at the end of the first book rather than the  beginning.... I hope the next one in the series is coming out soon. I can  hardly wait.
B0000214F2|4.0|I liked this movie a lot. It was very entertaining, but I think I laughed twice. Although very uplifting (I walked away from it feeling truly blessed with what I have), It didn't live up to the funniest man on earth's (who  else can I mean but Robin Williams? ) other movies. This movie is very  touching, but very not funny.
630562285X|5.0|This movie was awesome. The acting is superb, the drama is superb, and what a surprise ending. My only complaint is with the DVD version, the screen sometimes flickers. But this is Connery at his best, and who could  forget Catherine? If you need to buy one movie, this is it. This is one of  the movies where you think you have all the characters figured out, well  guess again!
6305426651|5.0|I'm surprised no one else has pointed out how &quot;Life is Beautiful&quot; compares to &quot;Titanic.&quot; (Okay, I haven't read all the reviews, but...) In both cases we have the proper woman who is supposed  to marry the very proper man. Instead she falls for a vagabond; someone who  is far from &quot;proper&quot; but someone who definitely knows how to  enjoy life. And in both cases the story is told against the backdrop of  disaster.<br />&quot;Life is Beautiful,&quot; however, is a fantasy. No, it  could never really have happened. Yes, the Holocaust was far more horrible  than this movie shows. But we already know how horrible the Holocaust was.  That is not what this movie is about.<br />Instead, this movie is about a  father's love for a his son, and how that father will do anything under any  circumstance to protect that son.<br />So Roberto Benigni, I say  &quot;Bravisimo!&quot;
0790729725|5.0|Goodfellas is a violent, dramatic, visceral, and often very funny look at life in the mob. There isn't a whole lot to say about this film - every actor is incredible, from Ray Liotta as Henry Hill, who goes from a  idealistic young crook to an isolated and deflated man in the Witness  Protection Program. Joe Pesci is simply great as the psychotic gangster  Tommy DeVito. Robert De Niro is brilliant as always as Jimmy Conway. This  is a perfect example of Scorsese's directorial genius, and the  cinematography is excellent as well. Also, in a bit part, is Samuel L.  Jackson - another great actor who unfortunately doesn't get to show his  talent because of his very minimal on-screen time. Goodfellas is a great  movie, and a must-see.
B000002IST|5.0|This is the best album by the Collins-era Genesis.  This is the album that got me into Genesis, Phil Collins, and Peter Gabriel.  The music is perfect, not over-sythesized as in the early-eighties Genesis releases.   &quot;Driving the Last Spike,&quot; &quot;No Son of Mine,&quot; and  &quot;Fading Lights&quot; are great songs, whether or not you like Genesis.   The only song I don't like on this album is &quot;I Can't Dance.&quot;   Buy it.
0393973867|3.0|Okay, so I was asked by my teacher to write a review on Guns, Germs and Steel.  It is a pretty decent book and not very hard to read.  While I have yet to get all of the way through it, Diamond raises some very thought  provoking questions.  i would recommend this book for and anthropology  student!:)
B000003JDA|5.0|I apologize to all of you Jethro Tull fans out there who may take offense at my lavish praise of this album.  Jethro Tull is my favorite band of all time, so I'm not just a random music fan.  My favorite album is  &quot;Stormwatch,&quot; but this is a definite second place.  While at  first I wasn't crazy about the first half of this album, I've grown to  really appreciate it.  The second half, however, contains some of the  greatest tracks ever written.  &quot;Another Harry's Bar&quot; is  definitely one of my favorite songs of all time.  To those of you who hate  &quot;Wounded, Old, and Treacherous,&quot; I don't know how you can.  I  mean, sure, it's a big deviation from typical Tull style, but it's a great  song.  The flute playing throughout this album is the best on any release,  mostly because of the influence of &quot;Divinities.&quot;  This is a great  album, whether or not you like Tull - I highly recommend it.
0780625129|5.0|By the time I was done watching the 2-hour epic &quot;American History X,&quot; I was so stunned that I could hardly speak.  My mouth was gaping with the marveling awe of impeccable filmmaking by director Tony Kaye, the  tears were flowing freely from my eyes, and my heart stung with the  emotional intensity of the film.  It is, in a word, a masterpiece of modern  film art.<br />Edward Norton perhaps has hit the high point of his career here  as skinhead Derek Vinyard. Vinyard is a brutal white supremist who, after  being sent to jail for three years, comes back to Venice, California to  find that his younger brother, Danny, (superbly acted by the talented and  underrated Edward Furlong of &quot;Terminator 2: Judgment Day&quot;) is  heading in the same direction as he once was.  And now, being a changed  man, Derek must stop his younger brother from the same fate.  <br />The film  works well with black-and-white flashbacks that brutally bite into the  present day and show the audience a unique blend of Derek and Danny's past  lives together.  It develops almost backwards through the flashbacks,  starting out with the most recent events and gradually treading back  through the sludge of mistakes and sorrows that the Vinyard family has  previously gone through.  It works through these flashbacks brilliantly,  not dulling the rest of the story at all, until the unforgettable explosive  climax that stings the back of the mind long after watching &quot;American  History X.&quot;<br />Norton carries his own in this film.  The thing I like  about Norton's acting is that he never tries the same thing twice.  He's  always a different character in every film, which makes him such a profound  actor of this time with the bland Steven Seagall and Jean-Claude Van Damme  movies that keep on coming out with seemingly no end.  And Furlong takes a  wild ride as Danny here in the role of his lifetime.  Although Furlong has  unfortunately been in a limited few films, he shines here.  He makes every  word he says entirely believable and captures his character's burning  intensity extremely well.  Beverly D'Angelo has a small part in this film  as well, yet despite her character's few scenes, D'Angelo, as Doris  Vinyard, the emotionally wounded mother of Derek and Danny, does so well  here that you can just feel her pain come right through the screen.  She  does her best acting in &quot;American History X&quot; and should have been  commended with at least an Oscar nomination (but then again, Norton himself  should have grabbed an Oscar and unfortunately didn't).<br />&quot;American  History X&quot; is a tragic film, and not one that should be watched by  just any person.  It's perhaps one of the most brutal films of the year,  next to Spielberg's &quot;Saving Private Ryan,&quot; and has an intensity  shining within that jolts a viewer.  But it is a masterpiece, maybe even  more so than some thought &quot;Private Ryan&quot; was.  The impeccable  acting, the agonizing content, the savage way of portraying it...  It'll  blow you away after every time you see it.  And even after that, you'll  want to go back and watch it again.
B00000273M|2.0|after hero takes a fall they lost there edge and were forced to being a cover band.though manic monday was and is still catchy today it was the kiss of death as far as there artistic growth. and they went from being  underground to a 2nd tier version of heart. eventually landed into sap land  with songs like eternal flame.this group should have been bigger.
B0000069NM|1.0|I THINK HE HAD ALL HIS FRIENDS TO REVIEW THIS DISC HOW CAN SO MANY ACTUALLY FIND THIS SO GOOD OF A CD,I HAVE HEARD TEENAGERS PLAY WITH MORE STYLE, THIS ALBUMS REALLY BITES, BE WISE DON'T LISTEN TO ALL THOSE 5 STAR  RATINGS, BUY CARLTON, RITENOUR,OR ANYONE THAT HAS ANY STYLE AT ALL, THIS IS  REALLY A TRUE PEACE OF GARBAGE
B00000K19E|5.0|Most of my friends agree that this flick is worth owning for the effects alone.  But the more you watch it, the more you realize what a truly classic idea this is----when the oracle tells Neo that he is not the one,  but that knowing you are is like knowing you are in love.  Anyone who has  really loved something before instantly realizes that this is one of the  coolest movies ever.  If you have ever dreamed of being a super hero  before, this is your chance to see it happen.  Some people were bothered by  a few scenes that really seem too incredible---but I say if they believed  they could do it, it could happen.  The world wasn't real, after all.  What  can you do in your mind?
B0000069NM|1.0|I THINK HE HAD ALL HIS FRIENDS TO REVIEW THIS DISC HOW CAN SO MANY ACTUALLY FIND THIS SO GOOD OF A CD,I HAVE HEARD TEENAGERS PLAY WITH MORE STYLE, THIS ALBUMS REALLY BITES, BE WISE DON'T LISTEN TO ALL THOSE 5 STAR  RATINGS, BUY CARLTON, RITENOUR,OR ANYONE THAT HAS ANY STYLE AT ALL, THIS IS  REALLY A TRUE PEACE OF GARBAGE
B00000JCB2|5.0|Limp Bizkit's Fred Durst is just so talented. I loved Three Dollar Bill Ya'll$ and Significant Other is even better. Out of all the songs on this CD I only have one I don't like but it's still good pretty good. The song  &quot;nookie&quot; is a great song to get your party started, &quot;break  stuff&quot; is just so rocking, &quot;re-arranged&quot; is my favorite song  on the CD, &quot;n 2 gether now&quot; proves that white people can rap and  Fred sings along with Method Man on this song. &quot;I'm broke&quot; is  another great song. The rest of the songs are also great. This CD has got  to be one of the best CD's of the year. This CD won't leave you saying  &quot;why'd I ever get this?&quot; It will leave you saying &quot;Limp  Bizkit is better than everyone&quot; So if you don't have this CD yet I  suggest you get it as soon as possible. Limp Bizkit RULES!
B00002Z88D|5.0|You've probably seen the black-and-white picture of the guy sitting in his chair, with his hair, tie, and skin being blown back by the sound coming out of his entertainment system.  That is the closest approximation I can come up with for my experience with this amazing 2-CD set.<br />For long-time  Metallica fans, there shouldn't be anything to displease, since their tunes  remain essentially unchanged.  Instead, the symphony serves to augment the  power of Metallica's songs.  Kudos have to go out to Michael Kamen for some  incredible arrangements and orchestration; he has said he has been a  Metallica fan for a long time, and his affinity for the music comes  through.  Songs range from the downright-sublime &quot;Nothing Else  Matters,&quot; to those like &quot;Outlaw Torn,&quot; &quot;One,&quot; and  &quot;Battery&quot; where the two groups combine to unleash a blistering  wall of sound that will melt your eyeballs out of your skull.<br />As a  previous reviewer said, production does tend to be a little flat, as it  would be nice to get better separation between the electronic and symphonic  sounds.  But this is a minor quibble on an overwhelmingly satisfying  disc.<br />Lars said that, on their best days, symphonic music and metal  aren't very far apart.  These San Francisco show dates are great  illustrations of this point.  Anybody who ignores this album, feeling that  symphonic music is too staid and stuffy to jam with Metallica, is missing  out on a truly unique listening experience where an orchestra weaves their  complexity and power amid the thunderous explosion of Metallica.  While I  seriously doubt any classical music purist is going to enjoy this, any  Metallica fan owes themself at least a listen to this album and, beyond that,  will hopefully discover a melding of two musical worlds that they'll have a  hard time removing from their CD player.
B0000032LS|5.0|The Rocky Horror Picture Show is my favorite movie and this soundtrack just plain ROCKS!Need I say more?
0316286850|4.0|This is a fabulous book - shows just what CAN be done with color cosmetics.  My clients are fascinated by the before and after picutres and listen much more closely now when I speak to them.  Anyone is the cosmetic  industry needs to own this book!
6305076626|5.0|Beleive it or not this is my favorite movie.I absolutely LUV this movie!One thing's for sure,it's very unusual but you've got to love the songs (Timewarp,Sweet Transvestite etc.).Can't get those songs out of my  head after I watch it.So if you like a movie that has sci-fi,horror,and  rock music all rolled up into one or if you like very crazy movies,you'll  love RHPS.It's an excellent,definetly crazy movie,but like I said it's my  favorite movie and I LUV it!
B0000057C5|5.0|Although I prefer their cd Herzeleid, Sehnsucht is still an awesome cd. The english translations are awful, I agree, although I always thought that &quot;Hast&quot; was a verb tense of the word &quot;hassen&quot;, which  means to hate, i.e Du Hast = you hate, but oh well. Sehnsucht and Klavier  are my favorites. If you are a rammstein fan, you need both Sehnsucht and  Herzeleid in your collection.
157492589X|5.0|This western saga was the best example I know of to display near flawless casting of actors to portray the characters from the novel on the screen.The screenplay was also a true rendering of the novel in almost  every aspect.I enjoyed the book &amp; the video versions equally, and that  is a rarity with regards to most screen adaptations,in my experience.This  adventure epic is truly &quot;character driven&quot;; they are people that  you care about,love,or despise. I enjoyed every minute of the book and  video,and that enjoyment has not diminished with multiple  readings/viewings.
076783819X|3.0|This movie is one of the sleepers of 1999.  It had a very short run at the box office before being released to video, which after watching the movie I found really surprising.<br />Arlington Road is a well-done thriller about  domestic terrorism and paranoia that seems very appropo for our times  (forget the anti-Clinton rantings of the idiot, er, reviewer below who  appears more interested in promoting some paranoid right wing agenda than  in honestly  and objectively reviewing a movie).  The ending is quite  surprising and alone justifies watching this movie.  Robbins and Bridges  both turn in very good performances, as does Joan Cusack as the wife of a  terrorist bomber.  The only thing that kept me from giving this movie a  higher review is that the plot seems rather implausible.
6305177473|5.0|I like this movie even better than the original! I have seen it 5 times but i still love it! Lindsy Lohan is excellent and so is the rest of the cast!
0792156684|1.0|Titanic is easily the most overrated movie ever made.  A previous customer review said it best:  &quot;the biggest insult to color movies since Heaven's Gate&quot;.  <br />Were it not for the special effects, which I  begrudgingly admit are quite good, this movie would be awful.  The acting  is flat, the plot is downright silly, and the soundtrack is painful to hear  (&quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot;, ranks right up there with &quot;Wind  Beneath My Wings&quot; as the worst movie song of the century).  <br />Teenage  girls went for this movie in droves, which unfortunately caused the MPAAS  to get all caught up in the hype and award this turkey a most undeserved  Oscar for best motion picture, passing up several more worthy  competitors.<br />This movie is truly a triumph of form over substance.
B00000IPAX|5.0|I hate punk rock I think it is horrible, but when someone got me this cd for my birthday, after a couple of days I opened and listened to it and I was greatly surprised at how good it was.  Blink 182 so awesome that even  people like me like this cd.  The best song is &quot;All the Small  Things&quot;.  If you don't like punk consider getting this cd it isnt  normal punk.  Thanks for listening bye bye.
0780627024|5.0|Pardon my enthusiasm, but &quot;Pleasantville&quot; has to be one of the movies I'd take with me to a desert island if I could only take a VCR and a handful of movies with me.<br />The only problem I have is a minor one with  the message of this movie.  What is it trying to say?  Some think that it  is promoting a liberal or communist agenda (Murray, KY, you're an idiot!),  and one might discern a rebuke of racism (remember the &quot;No Service to  Coloreds&quot; sign?).  It also seems to be saying that if you use your  imagination and allow for the possibility of change, you and your world  will change along with it.<br />The cast is excellent and turns in very good  performances.  Keep your eye on Reese Witherspoon and Tobey Maguire - I  predict more good performances from them both.  Jeff Bridges and Joan Allen  are as usual excellent in this movie, and William H. Macy showcases his  considerable talents as the best character actor of this decade.  This  movie also marks the final performance of another great character actor,  the great J.T. Walsh, who died while the movie was in  post-production.<br />The cinematography and special effects of this movies  are simply breathtaking, especially when the town changes from black and  white to color, and the music is beautifully scored by Randy Newman.<br />This  movie had an average box-office run which might have been better with more  promotion, but I strongly recommend you check it out!
B0000019HU|3.0|Alright, enough about this &quot;godhead&quot;stuff. I mean, it's okay and all... I like Bastro, Sonic Youth, Rapeman, Drive Like Jehu, Mahavishnu Orchestra, etc... I mean, it's just indie prog.  A good record, but... to  hear what this could have been, but isn't, listen to the superior version:   Voivod's Nothingface (1989).  Now that's what I'm talking about!
B000001GPX|5.0|Beethoven's Fifth is music so familiar that many of us don't really hear it anymore.  After the historic eight notes, we more or less of fill in the rest.  But Kleiber and the Vienna Philharmonic have rendered magic here,  making it fresh and new and compelling.  And the interpretation of the  seventh is simply spectacular.
0393317552|5.0|Diamond explores how and why our human societies evolved so differently as they did.  What makes this book an interesting read is that Diamond tries hard to keep the arguments as objective as possible.  He usually starts a  new thought with some relevant and often provoking questions.  Not only  does this make the text stimulating to read, but it helps the reader  compare his thoughts with the extensive answers that Diamond provides. If  you are ready to take a &quot;walk&quot; through 13000 years of history you  will discover lots of new ways to look at the world we live in.
6305428298|5.0|This was such a pleasant surprise, I had to buy a copy for my Mom and my ex-wife!  I watched this film with my teenaged son and daughter. We all laughed, cried and re-watched our favorite scenes. My only regret is that I  didn't see this in the Theaters when it was out. My only hope now is to  catch a &quot;Midnight Movie&quot; of it at a Revival House. Sniff
B000023VR6|5.0|I really love this Cd. It was totally worth the money. I listen to it all of the time. I really recomend that you go buy this album right now, if you buy it you will not be disapointed with it at all.  The Best tracks are 2,4,6,7,10,11,13,and 21.
0790729725|5.0|I love this film!  Scorseses best film ever. It has everything, humor, violence. The best part is the description of Brooklyn in the 1950s. The  supporting cast is better than the main character (Liotta).  Joe Pesci  and  Robert DeNiro are stunning. This film is second only  to The Godfather (pt.  2 and pt. 1.). It has 2 cool theatrical trailers on the DVD. Bay it, See  it, Fall in love....
0553269631|5.0|This book is about friendship and loyalty. One needs to approah it cautiously lest all we see in it are the hopelessly confused lives of all characters. And yet, within this confusion, and despite it, Singer, the  deaf-mute clock repairer seems happy. His secret attracts everybody -- from  the young girl gorwing up with dreams of becoming a composer (never to be  realized), to the old black doctor -- they all are enchanted by his  neatness and serenity, by his ability to ignore the depressing, hopeless  reality all around and live, it seems, in an enchanted world of his own.  Almost unconsciously, they seek his company, as if to learn from a master.   And all the while, Singer's secret is as profound as it is simple -- he has  a good friend, the other deaf-mute in the town. The two initially live  together, but then Singer's friend is sent to a mental asylum. Singer's  initial panic and agony are soon replaced by patience and purposefulness --  every once in a while he visits his friend and takes gifts to him. For both  of them, each other is all they have -- in a world of speech where noone  can understand them, in a world so drab and rusty it seems time itself has  stopped, Singer has a friend. And this makes him open-hearted and loving to  everyone else. In world where people have so little goodness to spare for  each other, where people often hurt their loved ones, Singer is almost like  a saintly figure, his kindness making the lives of everyone else just that  much more bearable. And when his friend dies, Singer finds that his life  has become meaningless. His suicide shocks everyone and leaves them hurt,  and disillusioned.  MuCullers manages to convey extremely well the  hopelessness of the small town. High ideals and higher purposes -- whether  socialism or black civil rights -- seem doomed. People are unable to  communicate with each other, and each suffers alone in a horribly confused  and constrained little world of their own. The only thing that makes sense  is not some higher goal but the closeness of another human being. The only  thing that makes life bearable, makes it worth living, is friendship and  love. When that is gone, the rest scatters like so much dust in the wind.
B0000000LI|5.0|Wow what a great CD! The different music styles Yanni uses are great!  I just love Karen Briggs and her violin solos!  you just cannot stop listining to this music! <br />Buy it and buy the Concert on Video... only  then can you fully expirience the music!
0553269631|5.0|This book is about friendship and loyalty. One needs to approah it cautiously lest all we see in it are the hopelessly confused lives of all characters. And yet, within this confusion, and despite it, Singer, the  deaf-mute clock repairer seems happy. His secret attracts everybody -- from  the young girl gorwing up with dreams of becoming a composer (never to be  realized), to the old black doctor -- they all are enchanted by his  neatness and serenity, by his ability to ignore the depressing, hopeless  reality all around and live, it seems, in an enchanted world of his own.  Almost unconsciously, they seek his company, as if to learn from a master.   And all the while, Singer's secret is as profound as it is simple -- he has  a good friend, the other deaf-mute in the town. The two initially live  together, but then Singer's friend is sent to a mental asylum. Singer's  initial panic and agony are soon replaced by patience and purposefulness --  every once in a while he visits his friend and takes gifts to him. For both  of them, each other is all they have -- in a world of speech where noone  can understand them, in a world so drab and rusty it seems time itself has  stopped, Singer has a friend. And this makes him open-hearted and loving to  everyone else. In world where people have so little goodness to spare for  each other, where people often hurt their loved ones, Singer is almost like  a saintly figure, his kindness making the lives of everyone else just that  much more bearable. And when his friend dies, Singer finds that his life  has become meaningless. His suicide shocks everyone and leaves them hurt,  and disillusioned.  MuCullers manages to convey extremely well the  hopelessness of the small town. High ideals and higher purposes -- whether  socialism or black civil rights -- seem doomed. People are unable to  communicate with each other, and each suffers alone in a horribly confused  and constrained little world of their own. The only thing that makes sense  is not some higher goal but the closeness of another human being. The only  thing that makes life bearable, makes it worth living, is friendship and  love. When that is gone, the rest scatters like so much dust in the wind.
0767827902|5.0|Only CITIZEN KANE even comes close to this
B000009ED0|5.0|Every song on this album is great including Bawitiba, Cowboy, I am the Bullgod, and Devil Without A Cause. Kid Rock does a great job mixing Rap with Rock. If you like LimpBizkit you will like Kid Rock. This is the best CD I have and I have about 50. Go out and buy this CD today.
6304935803|5.0|Patton was probably the BEST soldier to ever serve this country. Geo. Scott portrayed Patton very realistically, and you almost believe he IS Patton, and not an actor playing a part. I would like to know if Scott  believes in reincarnation like Patton did, or if his portrayal WAS just  great acting? What was Patton's dog called, and WHAT breed was it? I watch  this movie as often as I can, sometimes staying up all night so I don't  miss it. ( my girlfriend doesn't like the movie for that reason)she doesn't  mind too much really. It is a GREAT MOVIE, but I would like to see someone  make a movie about his education and earlier life.                               are almost he IS Patton, not an actor. I would like to know if Scott  believed in reincarnation like Patton did? I watch this movie as often as I  can.
B00000JCB2|5.0|If there were more than 5 stars I would give it all of them ;this is the best album ever and anyone who says it isnt is crazy. If you havent bought this album yet what is holding you back it is the best album I have ever  heard.  I have had since the first day it came out and i still listen to it  everyday.
0451196716|5.0|although you're actually just using your sense of vision to read this compelling story, you can actually feel your brain reacting to the other four.  To all that say this story is unbelievable in its cruelty of the  deadly determination of young adults...where is your imagination?  Just  because it doesn't happen right now in your world doesn't mean it's not a  creative journey that had to be written.  Steven, this is one of your best!
B00000IPAX|4.0|This CD is fairly good but i dont like it as much as there first and second albums but it does have some pretty good punk songs. I thought it wasnt quite as energetic and i couldnt get pumped up riding to it but its a  good cd to listen to at parties
0152465030|5.0|A huge social commentary on life, the world and the universe.  Maybe not, but it is a short and elegant story about the innocence of the creative spirit.  It is a tale of explanations without bounds.  Think of it as ten minutes where you can recover the loss that is gradually taught away in  school.  It is worth making kids learn french at school if this is still  part of the curriculum.
B00000JCB2|5.0|If there were more than 5 stars I would give it all of them ;this is the best album ever and anyone who says it isnt is crazy. If you havent bought this album yet what is holding you back it is the best album I have ever  heard.  I have had since the first day it came out and i still listen to it  everyday.
B000021XR5|5.0|If you love STP like I do, you will love this album. It is more mellow than Core or Purple, but I can listen to every song on this cd. If you've seen thier video for &quot;Down&quot; you know that it is an awsome song,  but &quot;Church on Tuesday,&quot; &quot;Atlanta,&quot; and &quot;Sour  Girl&quot; come to mind. Scott did a great job, as usual, and so did the  entire band. STP fans, get this album!
B00002E23H|5.0|Let me get one thing straight here, this movie will in no way change your life.  Ok, unless you happen to suffer from a fear of sharks.  This was the  perfect summer no brainer, superbly monster movie formulaic and I loved  every minute of it!  Science junkies most likely moaned and groaned about  the mechanics of the sharks and the mere premise behind this movie, making  it all the more appealing in the monster movie category!  This movie is  fun, made me drop a little bit of popcorn on the floor and check to make  sure my legs were still there.  (Again this fear of sharks is probably  integral to my liking of this film).  Deep Blue Sea has a really great  performance by LL Cool J, he's pretty damn funny and just to let you all  know this movie was directed by Renny Harlin (he directed one of the 90's  cult film classics, The Long Kiss Goodnight)and oh yeh, there's more!  Cause Mr. Samuel L. Jackson is in this flick and his part, well you might  be torn on that one, you could go either way!  Nah, just kidding, Mr.  Jackson's character is someone you could really sink your teeth into  (especially if you are a genetically altered behemoth of a Mako shark!) But  I wouldn't try to give anything away.  If you haven't seen it, rent it when  it comes out, but be prepared you more than likely will end up purchasing  this movie, if you liked Jaws, if you like monster movies, and if you  really, really hate sharks!
B00000J7RZ|2.0|After reading everyones review I have to agree with most of them she can act and dance but singing she is just ok in. Yeah shes pretty but she aint nuthin like the real selena. Selena can actually sing and dance.Her life  was just short but her legend still lives on. I dont mean to disrespct  anyone here but this is only my opinion
B000000OUJ|5.0|This is one of the greatest hip hop albums ever.  Gza lyrics are so sharp and the beats are uncomparable.  The lyrics may not hit you at first but once you listen to this album straight through ( very rare in a hip hop  album even these skits add flavor to the album)  you will know what I am  talking about.
B000031XCR|4.0|Okay, so I was one of the people who hated Celine Dion.  &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot; started to work on me, and I had to admit that I loved that song.  Then I heard All the Way playing in a record store and I remembered how good &quot;Love Can Move Mountains&quot; was.  Next thing  you know, I was hustling to get this CD.  I just wish it had a  few more of her older hits on it, like &quot;Where Does My Heart Beat  Now?&quot;  I just love the new tracks, though!
0399128964|5.0|This is the only sci-fi book you will need to read.  Well I hope not, but I consider it the best to date.  Herbert's imagination takes you to Dune and throws you into the great adventure of securing the planet. Do yourself  a huge favor and do not read his other books.  All you require is this one.   The story recycles.  It seems that Herbert tapped out his creative  resources with this book.  Read it and you will see why.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|This album just blew me away.  Fiona manages to show growth and evolution in her music without alienating her fans.  'Tidal' was excellent, and 'When the Pawn...' is even better.  Have no doubts!  Don't miss this one!
B000002J2F|4.0|You know, it's interesting...<br />Fans of early Genesis (the progressive rock years) consider this album to be the end of an era, while fans of modern Genesis (the pop years) consider this a beginning.  What does that  tell you?<br />This is the perfect Genesis crossover (or transition) CD.   There really is something here for everyone.  While I can't say I'm a fan  of the &quot;pop&quot; incarnation of this band, there is more than enough  here that I absolutely adore to justify the purchase of this disc.  Most  prog fans who are open minded enough to appreciate post-Gabriel Genesis  should have this CD in their collection, while fans of the modern-day  Genesis will have much to gain from getting this CD as well.<br />If you like  Genesis in any of its forms, you need this CD.  It's that simple.
B0000025C0|5.0|I love Boston. I had their first CD for about 5 years before I actually stopped to listen to... I was surprised at how many songs I recognized from the radio. And, since I discovered they had a second CD (mainly when I  heard 'Don't Look Back' on the radio and realized I'd never heard that song  before) I looked all over for it... and I found it. I listened to it about  4 times straight, and I must say I'm not dissappointed. Even though 'The  Journey' was only instrumental, I really liked the way the first 3 songs  blend together. Don't Look Back has some of the best guitar work I've heard  in a long time... and who cares if it's an extension of the debut? It's  still good.
6303979882|5.0|Never have i seen such a good film in all my life. i taped it off the t.v by accident and boy am i glad i did. With a great cast of hollywoods next generation who could not love it. Every sleepover i have, this video is  played by me and my best friend sarah. After watching it a hundred times we  know all the lines and each character inside out. If there was to be an  english film like it we would be first in line to audition for parts!
B0000070QS|5.0|What can I say - 18 months of owning this album and I have yet to get bored with it.  I have a feeling I never will. His voice, along with his songwriting has matured beautifully - just listen to 'Half in Love', if you  have ever been there you will understand. A heartbreakingly beautful  collection, these songs will linger in your head for days. If you only buy  one album, let it be this one, it will touch you like no other.
0790736942|3.0|My brother and I got ready to watch the exorcist, hoping to be scared silly, but we were sorry to say it did nothing but make us laugh. The first half an hour is extremely slow, which made us both lose our concentration  on the film. After this things got slightly scary, but not as bad as we had  hoped. Maybe the exorcist was scary in the 70's but it isn't half as good  as psycho - a real horror movie.
B000005JAB|5.0|When Paris 1919 was issued , I was 18 . Glitter , decadence &amp; old time music were up to date .  John s album was clearly looking in the &quot; good old European time &quot; direction  .But it was more than that . The  perfect mixture of bombastic orchestration ( Chris Thomas , at the same  time than Procol Harum' s Live , David Bowie' s Hunky Dory .. ) , decadent  poetry ( it was an influence for me , as well as Beaudelaire or Rimbaud   ),insiduous melodies caught me for years , making my LP now full of  sratches &amp; rumors, ( particularly Antartica starts here ) I m happy to  see it on CD &amp; envy those who still have to discover it .
B00000IAU3|5.0|After reading a few favorable reviews a number of months ago, I bought Dido's album and I immediately realized I found a true gem. Each song is extremely well produced. Dido has a strong voice and incomparable lyrics  which make the CD worth listening to over and over again. There are no  vocal exercises on the album, popular with many of the over-produced women  singers today. I have the good fortune to listen to many CD's along with an  operating room team. Only the truly great albums survive the critics-and  Dido has been received as one of the best. I am surprised it has not been  far more popular.
0792139771|5.0|Historically accurate or not, it touches my soul.  Never have I had a movie that I could watch over and over and still feel the same feelings as if I'd just seen the movie for the first time.  The musical score  absolutely brings me to tears every time that I hear it.  As for the movie  being homophobic, it was undoubtedly how Mel saw the prince.  I neither  agree nor disagree with him.  It made the movie that much stronger, in my  opionion.   One of Mel's best movies.  I commend him as a director and an  actor.  Kudos and continue the good work....
B00002Z88D|5.0|This is a superb album.  The choreography is wonderful in its combination of the delicate sounds of a symphony orchestra and the rumbling, chugging sounds of Metallica.  Several tracks are purely instrumental with no words  at all; these are excellent.  For anyone out there doubting the talent of  this band, this will prove otherwise.  This is *not* just another metal  album.  Anyone would be very pleased with this purchase.  You don't have to  necessarily like classical music, and you don't have to necessarily like  Metallica.  (I bought my parents a copy and they love it!) The two  complement each other beautifully on this album.  Well worth it.  If you're  not already, this album will make you a fan.
0380973464|4.0|Very engrossing and very very funny.  If you're the type that might rate Mark Helprin's Antproof Case, Orson Scott Card's Ender's Game, and most stuff by Tom Stoppard as top notch stimulation, I think you'll get a  enormous kick out Cryptonomicon.  Better, all round than Snow  Crash....Cryptonomicon held up well all the way through.<br />I couldn't put  this down--so probably i was reading way too fast, but there were a few  large plot details that have me flummoxed--Father Root coming back to life  (?) and the whole Andy Loeb character which never quite clicked into place  for me.  I'm practically begging other people to read it so that I can sort  some of these things out.<br />Was tickled to find the rumor circulating that  the typos (of which I was blithely oblivious) are an encrypted  message--regardless of whether it's true, that's a fitting salute to the  book itself--a beaut of a dig to those self-appointed self-pious spelling  and punctuation mavens--Wish I had been the author of this rumor/factoid  myself though....sigh....<br />A reference section/bibliography/further  reading section might have made nice addition. Check out the zdnet.com ZDTV  video interview with Mr.Stephenson on the web--I was pleasantly surprised  to find him so low-key.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Listening to Carlos'energy you can tell working with talented new artists like his work with veterans tends to reinvigorate his chops. And as always he plays from somewhere light and uplifting so with the mix from Rob Thomas  to Everlast there is something on here for everyone. Buy it! Can't go  wrong. And Rap afficiandos, add some &quot;real&quot; punch to your  collection!
0792140346|5.0|i've seen this movie three times and I still love it!   The drama really gets to me.  And the ending is so powerful.  Laura Linney and Richard gere bounce perfectly off of each other. Edward Norton gives such a great  performance.  Definetly see this movie
6303148352|5.0|I saw this movie when it first came out and loved it ever since.  I watch it all the time and would tell anyone who likes or loves dinosaurs like me to get it.  It is a got to have classic!
B000002LLC|5.0|Madonna excels in this album. I think this is the style that Madonna sounds best in. Her voice is crystal clear and she holds the notes perfectely. It is also obvious that the last song is the best. Who on God's  green earth could not like Vogue?
B00000JCB2|5.0|Limp Bizkits new album, Significant Other, is amazing.The music is so profound and added in along with Fred Durst's vocals makes the band the best. Deep emotional songs like,Rearranged, is sort of a twist from say,  Break Stuff. There is also a track where Limp Bizkit joins up with Method  Man and the Wu Tang Klan for a song called, N Together Now, and it is just  really good. I think that they should work with each other more often on  songs. I give this album 5 stars because I think it is an excellent album  and everyone should pick it up. Peace.
B000002MUW|4.0|Bedtime Stories is a great album with a great beginning and end. The middle is lacking a bit with the exception of Human Nature. Not as good as her other CD's but still well worth the money.
B000020617|4.0|This is a pretty good album, not as good as The Colour and the Shape which is no doubt the best album I own. In the Foo Fighters regime I would rank it probably #3. The album is definatly a bit poppy than the usual Foo  Fighters style and it lacks some of the fast fierce energy that the debut  album and the Colour and the Shape had. The musical creativity is still  there in this album with the talking guitar and some of the echo effects  and distortions.  Overall a good album, I mean come on its the Foo  Fighters.
B000002MFN|5.0|Madonna's Erotica album could only be described in one word. Breathtaking. Sensual, erotic, well thought are a few others. It will captivate your mind and make you think about subjects plaguing today's society. Sex, AIDS,  drugs to mention a few. Madonna absouletly out-does herself in this modern  day masterpiece.
0767835107|1.0|Ryan Phillipe is the worst actor ever.  I mean all he does ispout and deliver his lines worse than anyone I've ever seen.  ReeseWitherspoon is bad along with the other chick.  We rented it just to make fun of it and boy was it good to make fun of.  At the end when that kid shakes his head at S.M. Gellar after seeing his diary I rolled on the ground laughing.
6305426651|3.0|This movie was more over rated than KISS. Okay so the boy gets to ride in a tank at the end. I've rode in a tank... but do i have an oscar. No. If you will excuse me i have to go was the pizza out of my mouth that went  rancid will i was watching this movie. Okay it wasn't that ad, i recomened  it to forein film lovers and frat boys.
B000001BZT|5.0|Erm - this is not an &quot;anthology.&quot;  This was a straight release at the time.  And if you know anything about Steve Earle at all, you'd know that while he might do an acoustic number occasionally, he has only  recorded one all acoustic album.  Other than that he's the loveable  country/rock hybrid the rest of us has come to love.<br />This was also not  the album that finally brought out all of Earle's demons, you can hear that  on &quot;The Other Kind&quot; which is the CD where he finally went off the  rock and roll cliff and pounded out some great tunes before spining wildly  out of control (and into jail.)<br />As for this record, I'll admit it does  sound like a greatest hits package.  But that's because of the strength of  the songs.  Copperhead Road is a classic.  Devil's Right Hand too.  Both  good slices of the country/rock style Earle has perfected.  But these were  early days.  <br />For those who savor his duets - Nothing But a Child is a  classic in the genre.  However, Once You Love probably remains as my  favorite from this CD.<br />If you want to know what Earles  &quot;Country/Rock&quot; is - then let me say that I'm no fan of Country  music (other than Chris Knight.)  I come from a rock and roll background.   I like this.  It's country with all it's melody and singalong choruses with  a driving band and rock sensibility.  The lyrics are great (none of that,  &quot;My girl left me, I'm so sad...&quot; stuff, and this guy can  sing.<br />Copperhead Road is a great place to start your Earle collection if  you are coming from the same background as myself.  Then check out The  Other Kind, Feel Alright and El Corazon.  All driving albums, with hooks to  spare, and soul.
6300215717|1.0|Audrey Hepburn is the best foreve
B00000DHRZ|5.0|i think this was one of the best offspring albums yet. it has great rock tracks like, &quot;pay the man&quot;,&quot;the end of the line&quot;,&quot;no brakes&quot;,and &quot;the kids aren't allright&quot; .  and then it has some mellower tracks like &quot;why don't you get a  job&quot;, but most of it is a rock album.i reccomend it to any offspring  fan.i have all of the offspring's albums and this is the best!
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is such a good cd. The lyrics are hilarious and the guys are witty and good singers. All you blink fans out there rule. and if Travis ever reads this, you are the hottest guy on earth.
B00002MZ12|3.0|Having listened to &quot;Unplugged&quot; and watching the televised event on MTV, I much prefered her special on VH1's &quot;Storytellers&quot;.  To bad it's not available in either audio or video.  &quot;Unplugged&quot;  isn't arranged as well as &quot;Storytellers&quot;, but I do prefer the  slower renditions as compared to her CD's.
6305609691|5.0|This might be the greatest film since Citizen Kane. In terms of scope, no one else has taken on a project of such magnitude and audacity.  Over the top? Of course. When Coppola was as the height of his Hollywood clout after  Godfather Part II, he chose to risk his own personal fortune and sanity  (along with the studio's) to complete this masterpiece.  Perhaps the Brando  segments are a bit too &quot;out there&quot; for many viewers, but when the  whole film is taken as a meditation on several themes is fits perfectly.   Every technical aspect of this film of the highest order.  If there was  ever a better photographed film I have yet to see it. (Storaro's other work  in Last Tango in Paris and The Conformist are close).  The sound design is  light years ahead of anything before it. The acting, often overlooked,  contains one of the best uses of narration in film history.  It's too bad  no one in today's Hollywood will ever be given the chance to do something  this crazy.  Orson was the first, Coppola may be the last.  Let's be  thankful that someone had the cohones to make the most spectacluar vision  ever put to film!
B00000K19E|1.0|The Matrix is by far My favorite movie of all time!  I went out and bought the dvd the day it came out. However when I got it home to play it the size of the screen appalled me.  I was watching a tiny little rectangle and my  tv is not that small it's a 36&quot; tv.  But tvs are square for the most  part and to make the screen size so small it gives me a headache to watch  it.  How hard would it be to release these movies in both formats and give  people the choice it's not fair!  For those of you who love this movie as  much as I do, don't waist your money on the dvd buy it on video at least  you get a full picture!
0792839692|5.0|This adventure is one of the beter films at it's time.The idea of friends to the end changes quickly when you have to perserve yourself.Micheal York is a very good actor and made the run for a new life convining,I also like  this movie that I had the chance while working on the film Gettysburg to  tell Richard Jordan how much I really liked it.If you are looking for an  adventure that you can sit back escape into this is the film you want,you  will be impressed
B0000042MY|5.0|I bought this soundtrack almost a year ago and it still enthralls me! Every time I listen to it I just think of how hard it must have been to settle this land with indians knocking at your back door. This is my  FAVORITE soundtrack to listen to and I'm sure it will be for a VERY long  time!
B00000K19E|5.0|For all those who didn't like the film I would like to say that their mind didn't help them to do so.  It is the best film of the 1999
B00000DCHE|5.0|Until THE NYLON CURTAIN, I couldn't stand Billy Joel. Every time &quot;Just The Way You Are,&quot; &quot;Piano Man,&quot; &quot;It's Still Rock 'n Roll To Me&quot; or &quot;Honesty&quot; came on the radio, I'd  lunge for the dial. I still don't care for those songs, but SONGS IN THE  ATTIC shows me that the guy really did and does have wonderful songwriting  talents. Maybe it's the live setting that makes things work so well, but  every song on this record has spark and sparkle and Joel and his band  deliver the goods marvelously. I especially like &quot;Summer Highland  Falls,&quot; &quot;I've Loved These Days,&quot; and the Phil Spectorish  &quot;Say Goodbye To Hollywood,&quot; but it's all great. Makes me want to  go back and listen to those earlier albums again to see what I missed, and  it also deepens my pleasure for what he did later on.
6305513406|1.0|Recently having purchased a DVD player, I was excited to see the old series of Star Trek episodes on DVD. Then I noticed you only put two episodes on one disc! Hmm. I am really disappointed in you Paramount. Why  did you do it this way? Is it to make more money? This sure doesn't point  to much else. You could have put 6 episodes on a disc and I would have been  willing to pay more. So much for efficiency in Technology. Star Trek is a  part of me--I grew up on it and would have loved to get the whole  collection. But now I will pick only my very favorites and go see the rest  in syndication. Please go back to your spreadsheets and rethink this one.  -A Fan
1570427496|5.0|Nicholas Sparks did it again.  It is a beautifully written account of first love.  As with his other books you definitely need tissues. Other people said it was predictable.  Yes, it was but you did not know exactly  how Landon was going to handle it.  It's well worth the read.
B00001ODHL|5.0|This movie is entertainment in its purest form. Brilliant in every aspect, with amazing attention to technical detail. The DVD Limited Edition in my opinion is well worth the extra money. It's quite easy to watch the  director's cut, and then immediately watch it again with Raimi's and  Campbell's commentary turned on. The behind-the-scenes comments are just  about as entertaining as the movie itself. As to the movie, there is never  a dull moment here. All action scenes are full of completely satisfying  moments punctuated by sharp wit. Campbell plays his part with gusto, as  does everyone else. Campbell is one of the most fun actors to watch that  there is. I can't believe I have not seen this movie until 1998 on cable.  Where was I when it was at the theaters? This is third in the 'Evil Dead'  series, and I sincerely hope there will be a fourth!
079070546X|5.0|I want to buy a copy of this wonderful film but it isn't available in the UK and the US format isn't compatible with our European video players.  Please will someone produce a copy that I can play over here!
0792153294|4.0|Although it is similar to Armageddon, it is also very different. Unlike Armageddon, this movie brought out the sentimental side of you. It combines the themes of love, suspense, and sorrow to make one great movie. If you  are looking for a movie that makes you think about life, you've reached the  right one.
B000002J03|4.0|After all these years, the first half of Led Zeppelin II still has a thunderous power about it. &quot;Whole Lotta Love&quot; and &quot;The Lemon Song&quot; can still raise eyebrows with its double entendres. And on the  second half, &quot;Moby Dick&quot; retains its percussive power.  But some  of the others songs (&quot;Ramble On,&quot; Living Loving Maid&quot;)sound  like Led Zep I outtakes.
6305169187|4.0|Okay, I admit, you do remember seeing something like this. I think it was called Deep Impact. If you want rough neck action, spectacular special effects, and a little something for the ladies, check out Barney. Then  Armageddon. Be warned, you may wet your pants.
B000002J1U|4.0|The first 5 songs rock. The next five songs are good folk, hippie tunes. It lays the blueprint for the masterful Led Zeppelin IV, but it still stands well enough on its own. The surging &quot;Immigrant Song,&quot; the  jamming &quot;Celebration Day,&quot; the joyous &quot;Bron Aur Stomp,&quot;  and &quot;Gallows Pole&quot; are classics.
6304083769|5.0|It seems like none of the reviews here reflect the understanding of a Japanese-style non-plot oriented work.  Western novels and movies are typically plot-driven, meaning that there is an intro, then it works up to  a climactic event and there is some conclusion.  Contrasting to that  organized style, the typical Japanese work portrays a plot-free work by  assosiation. Sorry  you PLOT FANS, but you have to open your world and  appreciate works not only from YOUR perspective but from the perspective  the artwork was created by (hence the author(s) and the intended audience).   It really helps to broaden your view.  Appreciating both plot and non-plot  oriented perspectives, I genuinely enjoyed Ghost in the Shell.
B000002UAU|4.0|Side one of this album is awesome, and side two is noteworthy for the mindtrip tune &quot;A Day in the Life.&quot; But the rest of the songs on side two sound like outtakes from the Revolver album. That's not  necessarily a bad thing; &quot;When I'm 64&quot; is a charming ditty,  &quot;Good Morning, Good Morning&quot; is good, noisy pop update to  Revolver's &quot;Good Day Sunshine,&quot; but this is not the best rock  album of all time. It's noteworthy for its breakthrough production  techniques, and for the cover, and for the Sgt Pepper concept. But if we're  just judging the music, it gets a very solid 4 stars in my book.
6301971582|3.0|To review a movie usually means citing what is wrong with it more than what is right. Luckily, in the case of 'Logan's Run', there is quite a bit that is right with it.   It has vision, SFX, a strong, novel-derived plot  and tremendous depth. If you factor in excellent art direction and acting,  you have a 4.5 star film, hands down.   Unfortunately, there are a few  elements which serve to dilute this otherwise staggering knit of sci-fi.  Casting Ustinov was a mistake as he exudes a cheesiness which makes the  film's last third drag excruciatingly. Secondly (and through no fault of  its own), 'Logan's Run' is just too rich in texture for its own good. While  the set designs are no less than awesome, the 'tone' of the movie is far  too light in the last segment. While the destruction of the totalitarian  state is beautiful, there's little realism in the conclusion and too much  symbolism. This is not to say that 'Logan's Run' should have been extended  in shoot for another 20mins or so; it is quite long enough at 2 hours.  However, it seems as if too much currency was put into allegory and too  little invested in heightening suspense via predicamental naturalism.        1976 was a good year for sci-fi in the sense that it was the last in which  a picture could walk without having to worry about its standing in relation  to 'Star Wars'. What ultimately killed 'Logan's Run', though, was the fact  that it could be nothing else but a 'flash-in-the-pan', the excitement left  in its wake doomed to become utterly muted by the rampaging glory of George  Lucas' 'gambled hit.'     'Logan's Run' is well worth at least a rental in  the sense that it must be seen to be believed. While it hasn't aged well at  all, the viewer is at least compelled to appreciate the sheer scale of  production that the original picture had. While not so obscure as to be a  curio, this film certainly should be watched without chronological bias.  This is difficult to do as we live in an era where we are constantly being  bombarded with state-of-the-art science fiction thanks to the do-gooders  behind the myriad Star Trek rip-off series and have lost the ability to be  impressed by what we used to be only capable of experiencing at the cinema.  I'd really intended 3.5 stars but I suddenly remembered just how much I  resented the 'easy way out' method utilised in the conclusion. Salvaged  from cult status purely by the fact that it has just too many redeeming  features. 'Logan's Run' is trapped in a limbo between blockbuster sci-fi  picture and television-friendly, Saturday show.
B000002UB3|5.0|This was the last albums the Beatles made before they broke up, and it is a beautiful sampling of a rock group at the height of their powers. The first six songs are mostly straight ahead rockers: Lennon's churning \\"Come Together,\\" Harrison's impassioned \\"Something,\\" and Lennon's heavy metalish \\"She's so Heavy.\\"    The rest of the songs display the band's pop sensibilities and their skills at vocal harmony. \\"Because\\" may be the most gorgeous tune the band ever recorded, and the McCartney inspired song suite beginning with \\"You Never Give Me Your Money\\" is one of the best pieces of pop musicianship you will ever hear.    If all you have is a greatest hits album, the next album you should buy is Abbey Road!
0790736942|3.0|Consider for a moment the intrinsic shock value of thispicture. Still thinking? Okay. Now; think about the hype machine thatthrew the movie up in a whirlwind back in '73 and understand that its publicity alone was a third of the battle.  I first saw this movie when I was 16 and found the beginning of it absolutely terrifying. The Iraqi backdrop (land of Sumerian demons) and the imagery conjured by Friedkin's lens brought on an intensity which was very hard to follow on from. And that was the problem later on in the film. Indeed, the possession of a 12 year-old child of a modern, upper middle-class parent in a big American city (one of the most unfrightening settings in the world) does strike the nail home in terms of fear-casting but, through no fault of the writer or director, there is just no way that after the opening Iraqi scenes this can scare.  Special effects are great and the true feel of the demon Pazuzu does come through. Still, one must understand that this movie's overall appearance does borderline the documentary. It seems that Blatty's novel (itself based on the 1949 possession of an American boy) was cut down a little in size and then transmitted verbatim onto the screen.  The scariest part of 'The Exorcist'? It has to be that scene when the good young Father is seeing his mother ascend a flight of steps from a subway in a vision and then, all of a sudden, Satan's face (not the girl's possessed face as I once thought) manifests itself for but a frame or two.  Fairly good stuff all in all.  Von Sydow's acting alone could pass as a reason to see it. But the movie as a whole was quite overrated. Banned in the UK, this film helped set the occult blockbuster standard for the '70's (which films like 'The Omen' and 'The Sentinel' would follow). But its reputation traveled too far ahead of it.  You will be scared but, after coming through all the slasher films of the late '70's and '80's as well as being immersed in a New Age culture (where 'Sabrina the Teenage Witch' and her ilk proliferate without fear of reprisal), it really is a matter of asking yourself 'How scared can this make me?'  If I was reviewing this 25 years ago, I would've given four stars. Sadly, though, I come from a generation entirely desensitised to both the occult and the effects of massive marketing stratagems, therefore in 1999, 'The Exorcist' can only hope to get 3 stars out of me.
B000002J09|5.0|I love this album. It is a fabulous fusion of hard rock (&quot;Rock and Roll&quot;), folk rock (&quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot;), and deep blues (&quot;When the Levee Breaks&quot;). I also love the manic mayhem of  &quot;Four Sticks,&quot; and the mellow hippie sentiments of &quot;Going to  California.&quot; A great, great album. If you don't own it, then what are  you waiting for? Go get it now!
B00000JPHD|3.0|The first 'Dracula' picture made by an English-speaking country was and remains a fine first. It was also the pathfinder for Universal studios' success with monsters and the horror genre in general.     What detracts  from it is Browning's direction over what is essentially a theatre  production. Lugosi is affable as the count but the rest of the cast as well  as the storyline ammendments sometimes don't work.     The picture is nice  to watch but does not scare anywhere near as much as 'Nosferatu', some 9  years its senior. Too much effort is put into corralling the cast into two  camps: Count Dracula as the evil power and the good camp, led of Dr. van  Helsing. This steals much of the suspense because it shows early on that  Dracula is not invincible.      What is interesting is that all American  made gothic horrors never seem to scare. It's interesting to note that  Francis Ford Coppola's 1992 version fell into the same trap. It seems like  this is the bottom line in vampire movies: if you want scare horror, leave  it to the Europeans.      As a horror film in itself, I'd recommend  watching 'Dracula' once or twice but you can't get much of a jolt from it.
0679720200|1.0|This is a tedious novel and a ten year old could easily digest any of the &quot;ideas&quot; which are in the novel.  &quot;Existentialism&quot; is a word loved by mediocre readers and highschool teachers of literature, who  quickly latch on to generic and common literary catchwords.  The poor,  pathetic and dated &quot;existentialists&quot; base a who literary school  on an outlook that is a mere passing shade of thought to me.  The writing  style, which some call &quot;stark&quot; and &quot;uncomprimising&quot;, is  simply void of artistry, and highly unoriginal.  People don't read books  like this for the pleasure of an amazing story, or beautiful imagery,  rather Camus is read by psuedo-intellectuals searching for a witty and  stark outlook on life.  Notice how nobody talks much about the story but  rather &quot;what Camus is trying to say&quot;.  He is not saying much and  I did not need this story to illustrate to me an outlook which I  experienced as early as the age of 13.  Also anyone can write about  &quot;big ideas&quot; because they are simplistic and easily grasped by  anyone.  It takes a true artist however to create the magic of a mood, the  enchantment of an image, reality of a gesture and on and on.  Camus is no  such artist and is hopelessly mediocre as a writer and thinker.
0553210246|5.0|I had to read this in book in high school and now again in college... and I hope to read it again in the future. It is a stunning portrait of secrecy and scandal, conceit and deceit, and the frustrations of being human...
B0000027I6|5.0|Great album. Everyone interested in meaningful lyrics and good sound should get it. This is not an entertainment thought, but rather an education.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This CD is so awesome. All the songs are great. The song Affirmation is so thought provoking. Buy this before you buy their first one if you haven't bought the first one yet. This CD rules. I only got it last Friday and have  listened to it at least 7 times now. BUY IT NOW!
B00002MZ12|5.0|To many's surprise many know how this review is going to go. Alanis blasts another great album. Live album that is. Whoever said live albums are awful and pointless are now wrong. Alanis Morissette proves live albums can be  great and mightly appreciated. Alanis did a mighty fine live album,  including songs from Jagged Little Pill and Supposed Former Infatuation  Junkie, and threw in a few new and unreleased tracks. And all the critics  that say Alanis is starting to die out are totally wrong. Each album she  makes gets better and better! Alanis Morissette is an artist who leaves you  singing every lyric to her songs and understanding them 100%. Great job  Alanis and this is definately an album to buy!
B000002C1Z|5.0|while the wall is exceptional, animals truely defines the way i feel about many issues (despite the fact its a little dated, see the mary whitehouse line in pigs (3 different ones) roger waters truely hits on so many points  with an intelligance and edjucated view point often sorely lacking in rock  (esspecialy new music) i recomend this album to any and all floyd fans, or  even fans of music that has an actual meaning.
0780622553|4.0|I would like Americans, to know just how lucky they are. I bought the zone 4 version of Dark City here in Australia where the only extras on the disk were interviews and extra footage, and this happens all the time. I thought  Dark City was a great movie and when you buy things and then realise you  have bought an incredibly inferior version, well, really, it sucks! Anyway,  you guys are really lucky to have such easy access to all the good stuff.   Dark City is great, and I definetely recommend the zone 1 version.
B000006NPY|5.0|For some reason, a majority of the people don't know that Billy Corgan's mother, Martha, passed away somewhat recently. From that, I get the impressiont that this CD is full of mixed emotions that came about as a  result of this tragic loss. For example, a lot of the songs range from a  feeling of longing, helplessness, anger, and deep frustration, to a more  forgiving sound. All the previous Pumpkins CDs I have are more in-your-face  (Siamese Dream, MCIS) but Adore is my all-time favorite. <br />From a music  lover's perspective, the best part about this great CD is that it's not the  same instruments or same style/rythm throughout the entire CD. Every song  has a different sound, and in my humble opinion it's about time for the  music industry to look for new, different and above all, ORIGINAL music.  <br />I'm finding that plenty of new artists are just using a style previous  &quot;greats&quot; before them originated. (I'm not praising nor bashing  them, but take for example, the new kids on the  block...nsync...98degrees....back street boys...britney spears...cristina  aguilera...all these teen idols produce the same thing....and it gets old  FAST.) <br />To be a great band, it is essential that you bring new ideas and  concepts to make you stand out from every one else. It's only logical  right? To me, The Smashing Pumpkins do it every time they release a new  album. And without a doubt, Adore certainly meets this expectation. So if  you're tired of the same ol same ol give this CD a try. The greatest thing  about this band is that you grow to like and maybe appreciate their music.  The more you listen the more you'll enjoy their originality. DEFINETLY  check them out.
B000000WFU|2.0|Couldn't get past the fact that they used nonsense words (wish l had researched on that ahead of time). Miriam broke my heart! lf you can live with the nonsense words, it makes for some good listening. The orchestra  did a good job. Can't deny that.
1561009369|4.0|THIS IS A FUN AUDIO TAPE OF FLEMINGS &quot;DR. NO&quot;. YES, QUITE SIMPLE, BUT WELL READ AND SUBTLE. THOSE THAT BELLITTLE THIS PRODUCTION ARE SIMPLY NOT TRUE DIE HARD BOND FANS, NOR ARE THEY ABLE TO APPRECIATE FLEMING  AND HIS LOVE OF THE CARIBBEAN. WELL WORHTH OWNING - ESPECIALLY AT THE  PRICE. SO THERE NJ.
B000007XUQ|5.0|I am not a Carpenters &amp; Christmas Fan, but this is the most beautifulst and wonderfulst music for Christmas, sung with a heart-and soulful voice. I have the german and the US edition of the CD and this are  a must EVERY year when I am driving home by train (along with Christmas  with the honey Bee Maja and her friends: a music-soap-&quot;opera&quot; for  children). If you like to invest into music for Christmas take this! It's  tradditional christmas music in a very good way, keeps you in a good mood  when people around are going nuts in the shops. I'll be home for Christmas  is my favorite! GREAT stuff! Maybe Karen will watch us from above.
B000002MTU|5.0|This is an outstanding return to the blues and soul of Eric Clapton.  Every song is played with emotion and in a variety of styles. The intensity of guitar on this CD is unriveled.  To those who say Clapton is less than  great due to his singing talent; would you say Bob Dylan or Neil Young are  just average musicians because their voices don't have the clarity and  range of a Mariah Carey?  Of course not; the blues ain't about being slick;  it's about emotion and passion.  Eric comes around in this CD after years  of pop junk and reminds us of not only his talents but the universality of  the blues.<br />Thanks EC.
B000021XR5|5.0|I've been an STP fan since '93, and I have followed thier transition from Core to No. 4.  This album is simply amazing.  The overall feel is great.  It ranges from hard rockers to soft 3/4 ballads.  My favorite tracks on  this album are &quot;Atlanta&quot; &quot;Sour Girl&quot; and &quot;Heaven  and Hotrods&quot;
0671027344|5.0|Charlie, a high school freshman is introduced to the world of sex, drugs, and secerets for the first time in this wonderful first novel by Chbosky.  Charlie is a painfully passive kid who has many secrets.  Through writting  letters to an anonymous person, he learns a something startling about his  aunt, and ultimately experiences everything.
6302719631|1.0|After having seen Mansfield Park (80's version) the latest Pride and Prejudice and Sense &amp; Sensibilty we Austen fans were under the naive notion that all adaptations of the authors work were as wonderful. Therefore, we had no compunctions about laying out $ to purchase this  video.<br />Good heavens! If only we had known! We should have guessed we were  in trouble with the tasteless &quot;gothic scenes&quot; which open the  movie. But like fools we plodded on. <br />Indication number two came in the  form of the female leads. They looked like they were refugees from Simi  Valley! The young actresses were either badly directed or actually were  from the Valley or the English equivelant.<br />Indication number three was  the music. The other Austen adaptations featured lively piano pieces or  suitably tear-jerking melodies. This soundtrack seems to be ripped off from  the Young and the Restless. (Note to aspiring soundtrack composers: there  were no saxaphones in the early 19th century)<br />We couldn't finish this sad  movie and returned it halfway unwatched. This is the worst Austen  adaptation (perhaps it ties with the 1995 version of Persuasion) we have  ever had the displeasure of viewing and can only warn clever Austen fans to  indeed avoid it like the plague.<br />PS- the book is well worth the time of  any thinking person, enjoy Austen's delicious satire of Gothic romance.
B000002UAU|5.0|Let me begin by saying that comparisons to the Beatles with anyone in this century is and allways will be a study in futility.They are simply untouchable.This includes the usual suspects such as the  stones,cream? ,pink floyd,hendrix and a myriad of other contenders. The  beatles only true rivals are the likes of Mozart,Beethoven et al. The  Beatles are the musical Mt Everest of the 20th century. Having said this  the only real competition for Sgt pepper as best album of all time is other  Beatles albums,abbey road and rubber soul are the prime contenders. Sgt  pepper is a masterpiece of acid drenched psycadelic dreaminess,a virtual  LSD trip. Its insane,fun,wistful,weird,philosophical and besides that its a  treasure trove for &quot; paul is dead &quot; enthusiasts. Listen to Sgt  pepper and drift away into a land of multicolored landscapes,quirky  characters and english isles and leave the dreary real world behind.  Standouts are lucy in the sky,mr kite,fixing a hole and when Im 64 but  there all mini masterpieces. To end if you want to know which stones led  zep or clash CD to get it doesnt matter cause theyre all the same.
6304244304|1.0|You're serious. You like it. Ohmigod, you LIKE this movie? Maybe Moreau wasn't just working on that one island...<br />This is a very very very very very very bad movie. The world is not big enough to contain very's this  movie deserves. (8 trillion times infinity at the very least)<br />Tasteless,  unfunny (though I did like the little piano guy) and generally bad. The guy  below hit the nail on the head. You don't actually LIKE any of these  people! The hero, Prendick is a wimp. The cat girl is just dumb.  Montegomery is um, strange. (What was the POINT of his Brando  impression?)<br />Close your eyes, overcome the vivesection and repeat after  me. I will read the book, I will read the book, I will read the  book...<br />Join my campaign to destroy the master copy of this movie. Or  better, have them dump every single on Congress, they wouldn't know the  difference between that and one of their daily sessions.
B000007OY0|5.0|Well I would have to admit to everyone that this has to be the best movie I have ever seen.  It really makes you feel a lot for these two characters Andy (Robbins) and Red (Morgan Freeman).  The reason that I liked this  movie was because of the terrific way that this movie keeps you involved  with everything.  To tell you the truth this movie doesn't have one boring  part in it.  The only thing wrong with this movie is well to tell you the  truth there is nothing wrong with this movie
6303965415|1.0|What is the deal with this movie? If you don't like it, you are accused of being impatient and brutish. I dare say it is the worst book adaptation I have ever seen (except maybe Northanger Abbey)<br />The director seems to  think that dramatic gazes can take the place of actual, you know, plot. I  totally agree with the other 1 star reviews, the leads are decades too old  to be playing the parts. What really annoyed me, though, was the apparent  opinion of the director and set designer.<br />They seemed to believe that  rich children of baronets would ride in what is apparently a pigcart to  visit their 50 year old sister who lives in a hovel stolen from the set of  &quot;Ladyhawke&quot;.<br />The direction is choppy, I had to refer to the  book to find out about the relationship between Mrs. Clay and another  character. (I won't give away the ending even of a bad movie)  Captain  Wentworth is, frankly, a brutish boor who I cannot understand any woman  ever in her life being attracted to. He seems the sort to hit his wife. The  way he shoves Anne into the buggy... EWW! FREAK! <br />Captain Benick, is  especially miscast, played by a Meatloaf's long-lost brother. The thought  of young Louisa Musgrove and him... GROSS! <br />What really takes patience  and brainpower is the 70's version. While not perfect it is better cast and  acted. What this tale needs is another remake.<br />And by the by, my pulse is  fine, how's your head?
6302860253|5.0|Julia's Carmen becomes progresively more attractive, irresistable and exciting with her near perfect display of defiance. She almost steals the show from the wonderful music.
0375405208|1.0|I sympathize with the editor who must have had instructions to lay off the red pencil when editing this piece of garbage.  Best selling author?  Haven't read such lousy writing  in years. And the book sold!  Unbelievable.
B000002UAU|5.0|I can't believe the people who can't understand or comprehend the unbelievable impact that this record made on culture and popular music.<br />Before Pepper, you rarely, if EVER saw:<br />1) Lyrics printed on an album sleeve. 2) Drums that were brought out in the mix(bravo, Ringo..you  were a great drummer who never got your due) 3) Songs that were over three  minutes in length<br />Etc.<br />It's amazing to me that anyone could or would be  critical of this amazing recording. The Beatles left such an unbelievable  body of work that I suppose you have to look at something for a weakness,  but Pepper? Maybe Yellow Submarine, or Magical Mystery Tour, but not this  masterpiece.<br />This record was done on a FOUR TRACK TAPE MACHINE! In  today's world, that would be like winning the Indy 500 on a Model T Ford.
B000002U82|5.0|I'm sure many of you know about the Wizard of Oz and DSOTM.If you don't Start the CD when the third lion roar starts and turn off the sound on the TV. The music changes as the scenes do. Buy them both and sit back and  relax and you'll never look at the album or the video the same again. It is  FANTASTIC!
B000002OZY|5.0|I really don't know what I can say.  If you don't like this album, then there is something wrong with you.  This album is essential for any rock fan.  It is one of the most important pieces in rock n roll history.  It is  superior in everything, from vocals to instrumentals. Get this album if you  don't have it; I promise you won't regret it.
B000002BSV|5.0|Suede's Coming Up is awesome. The great instrumentations, made by Craig Armstrong (Who've worked with Madonna and Massive Attack) are amazing, and new keyboardist Neil Codling definitely added a lot to the band; And of course there's Brett's amazing voice and lyrics. All of you Americans should forget all about Nine Inch Nails and Korn and listen to this wonderful group from England. It's a shame that they don't get many recognition in the States, but then again most of the really good bands don't. Favourite tracks are \\"Trash\\", \\"Filmstar\\", \\"Lazy\\", \\"By The Sea\\", \\"Starcrazy\\", \\"Picnic By The Motorway\\" \\"Saturday Night\\" and of course, the best Suede single after \\"Animal Nitrate\\" in my opinion- \\"Beautiful Ones\\".
0790739909|1.0|I had the misfortune of seeing this movie after one of my friends recommended it.  She guarunteed that I would cry.  You can be sure that I cried all right: first, because I had paid $3.50 to rent this film, and  then when I realized how bad it was. I am a huge fan of Nicolas Cage, but I  can't stand Meg Ryan. I had hoped one would cancel the other out.  Unfortunately, it didn't.  This film was ridiculously sappy and long.  I  actually fast-forwarded through some of the conversations because they were  so dull. Plus there was no chemistry between Cage and Ryan. I was  completely unconvinced.   The saddest part of this film is that the  soundtrack is so great.  This movie does not deserve the great songs that  were placed in it.  I wish there was a law against pairing an awesome  soundtrack with a lousy movie.   Overall: good music, good actors, but they  rely too much on cliche lines and cheesy dialogue.
B00000DLV1|5.0|an excellent album from start to finish,shows how sampled music can be totally complimented by an orchestra.pure bliss,check out the climax to &quot;strangers&quot;this is electronica with heart!
B000002P6R|2.0|There is no point in buying any Who albums from the 80's. Keith Moon is gone, and the fire that the band had together is no more. The Who are still the greatest band, but this was definitely not one of their greatest  moments.  Skip it.
0385484518|5.0|What compassion and learning how to live! 'Tuesdays with Morrie' will be required reading for my college students in teacher education.
6304510861|4.0|&quot;The Lost Highway&quot; is by far one of the best movies I have seen. Bill Pullman is cool in this movie, and Patricia Arquette well she is self explanatory. I haven't quite understood why nobody likes this movie because  me and my friend thinks it is one of the best movies we've seen in a long  time. I find this movie very hillarious, especially the tailgating seen, me  and my friend was rolling on the floor after that. Not only is Bill Pullman  and Patricia Arquette great in this movie, but there are other actors such  as Henry Rollins, and Richard Pryor that make this movie even better. In my  opinion David Lynch did a great job in directing this video, his best work  yet!  I recommend this video for anyone who likes sick humor and a great  suspense.
0788811355|5.0|To those who do not like this movie, you are quite frankly -- insane. This is a PHENOMENAL MOVIE and MOST who have seen it LOVE IT!
B000002LIM|5.0|Anyone who has listened to any part of this soundtrack realized the impact it makes on your current mood.  If you are in a romantic mood, adventuresome mood, dark mood or playful mood, this soundtrack has it all.   One of my favorite things is to listen to &quot;Descent into Mystery&quot;  while driving at night.  It makes me feel like I'm actually in the  Batmobile.  I highly recommend this soundtrack and any others by Danny  Elfman to everybody.
B00000612P|5.0|This album was released in mid-'71 amidst the heavy metal trend which dominated most of the early seventies (Purple, Sabbath, Zeppelin).  Rod demonstrated an enormous amount of restraint and maturity for the time with  the release of the almost fully acoustic &quot;EPTAS&quot; and, as a  result, the album still holds up nicely after 27 years.  In addition, the  quality of the songs, original and borrowed, is first rate. Standouts  include the title track, the ubiquitous &quot;Maggie Mae&quot;,  &quot;Reason to believe&quot; and &quot;Mandolin Wind&quot;.  The songs  convey warmth and sincerity without being maudlin.  Rod can be forgiven for  his later descent into banality because of this album.
0679433732|3.0|In the novel The Bluest Eye, by Toni Morrison, the text evades many themes that develop throughout the book.  The novel does a good job of developing the themes, such as hope, racism and coming of age. Pecola Breedlove, an 11yr. old girl, grew up in a neighborhood where racism was much more vigilant that current day racism.  Pecola encountered many grotesque experiences throughout her life.  Pecola would pray and hope for blue eyes everyday of her life.  <br /> The text dragged at various times in the book but still kept my attention by the use of depression description of the book.  Personally, I thought that the novel compared to the novel Avalon.  Both books similarly give specifics on the theme of hope.  Pecola hopes to gain the acceptance of her society and the book Avalon describes the hardships of struggling family trying to find the perfect place to stay in their new home, America.
B000001FZ6|5.0|It is rumored that Duane Allman challenged EC to be more aggressive on the guitar than he would otherwise have been. The result is magnificent.  Clapton's songwriting skills come to fruition here and he is starting to   emerge as a well-rounded performer and not just a guitar slinger.  A nice  combination of blues with a gospel touch.  EC makes us feel his pain, even  30 yrs. later, it still hurts. Standouts:  I looked Away, Bell Bottom  Blues, Little Wing, Anyday and of course the title track.   A round of  applause for Bobby Whitlock.  A &quot;must&quot; buy.
0140177396|4.0|Of Mice and Men by John Steinbeck was written about a young man who had mental problems and struggled through life.  The scene of the book was in the country, were Lennie, the main charecter, looked for jobs with his  friend George to make money and fufil there dreams.  George would look  after Lennie and keep him out of trouble.  People weren't to social with  lennie because of his mental disorder, they thought he was stupid, and  caused troubles.  It was a struggle for Lennie to get by and stay out of  trouble, and ended up in a tragic ending. I recomend this book to any one  who likes to read. This book made me want to give any one a chance and dont  judge a book by its cover.
0140277447|5.0|When I read this book, I feel so bad. I wish this thing was never happened before, but it did happened. I can tell you that every words that the aruther wrote was true. Japan's government should not get away from this, not until they say sorry to the people that they KILLED. I hope all the  people no matter you are Chinese or Japanese or any other race people can  read this book. Because almost no body know this now (except Chinese). We  need help, because Japanese government still don't want to face it.
B00000K19E|3.0|As far as office movies go, this one is ok. It's no &quot;Office Space&quot; or &quot;Nine to Five,&quot; but the office scenes are provocative and full of biting satire. The problem, though, is that after  these office scenes, the plot takes off on some weird cyber-computer  hoolabaloo... whatever. This movie would have been better if more of it  took place in the office.
6305627401|5.0|Having been a fan of the television show since the begining, I watched this movie fully knowing what to expect, and even I was supprised by this movie's cutting edge humor and terrific plot.  How do they always come up  with such original and bizarre story lines?  I watched this movie with a  friend who never had seen &quot;South Park&quot;, and he literally asked me  to pause the DVD because he was laughing so hard he didn't want to miss  anything.  Needless to say, he's hooked!  This poddy-mouth musical needs  the Broadway stage for a live review just as Charlie Brown jumped from the  comics to live preformances.  An equal opertunity offender with outstanding  musical moments.  Matt and Trey have done it again!
B000002BSG|5.0|If you like dancing at all, you'll love Jamiroquai.  This is the best Jamiroquai album, even better than their latest 'Synkronized.'  You probably already like &quot;Virtual Insanity,&quot; because you heard it on  the radio.  But if you buy this album you'll quickly get hooked on  &quot;Cosmic Girl&quot; and &quot;Alright,&quot; which are both great dance  tracks.  Every track is not only funky, but also extremely groovy.  You'll  love the strings and Jay's awesome vocals as he effortlessly hits every  note with pinpoint precision.  &quot;Travelling Without Moving&quot; also  has an fat bassline and kickin' bass drum, and pretty soon you'll figure  out that every song on this album is great.  I became so addicted that I  immediately went out and bought their previous two albums.  And by the way,  disco never died. (It's all around us, look for it)  Dance on!
B00000AFFF|3.0|I don't understand why Elvis Costello is singing here. His voice is pinched and strained on this album, and while that may work on his rock albums, it really hurts these tracks. The tunes are often quite athletic,  and it's almost painful to listen to him struggle with them.<br />The  songwriting itself is pretty good, though I suspect their next effort will  be a little more relaxed and successful. A lot of pretty stuff, but the  melodies can get awfully long and snakey, so don't expect to really get  into any of these songs until you've heard them half a dozen times. After  that, though, expect to not be able to get them out of your head.
0385484518|5.0|I read the book and tonight i watched the movie on abc. I thought it was a fabulous book that portrays the meaning of life while suffering the hardships of death. If you want a book to take a good lesson out of, this  is the one.
B00000DGUG|1.0|I think &quot;Jagged Little Pill&quot; is one of the top pop albums of the last decade. So I was very eager to hear AM's newest.<br />Unfortunately, she and her collaborator have kept what didn't work in the first album and  thrown out what did work. Gone are the immensely catchy tunes, gone is the  refreshing attention to lyric craft. Instead this sounds like a rambling  journal of a self-obsessed 24-year-old. The CD is almost entirely devoid of  rhyme, or a memorable tune, opting instead for tuneless, self-indulgent  stream of consciousness yakking with the same heavy beat behind.  &quot;Thank U&quot;, the hit single, is the only exception. Ballard (her  collaborator) is a veteran rock song composer, and ought to have known  better than get swept into this ill-conceived, utterly non-musical waste of  time. I just hope they can get back on the right track for her next  outing.<br />Don't bother!
B000031XCR|5.0|For Celine Dion fans out there, this is not her  greatest hits album but a chronology of hits for the 90s.  The classic 80s hit, Where Does My Heart Beat Now, is the true eye opener to her stardom and is not contained in  this album. However, I believe that this album will top the charts when you  hear the new tracks 10 to 16.  These seven new tracks  are delightful  masterpieces which tells her story about her ordeal and struggle during her  absence from the spotlight due to her husband's illness. The remake of  Roberta Flack's classic, The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face, is just  perfect for that majestic voice.  And now that she's back in the spotlight,  Celine's captivating voice in this new album is just right on time for the  holidays.
B00003000M|5.0|Give Thanks To The Almight Jah! I love it! The best album of the decade. King Bob Marley has finally reach the goal that he's been trying to accomplish since day one, which was to get his music to the African  American brothers and sister! Back in the late seventies and early eighties  not to many African Americans was really into reggae music. King Marley  tried heard callaborating with few African American Artist like Stevie  Wonder. Reggae music still really haven't really hit the American pop  charts, but slowly and surely it will make it to the top, with King Marley  having something to do with it. This album is perfect for the young youths  to be introduce to the King of Reggae, and understand our roots, not just  jamaican, but African roots. I can't tell you how much I love this album!  My first love was Bob Marley music. I grew up listen to the wonderful  lyrics, and wonderful mellow reggae vibes. Bob Marley didn't just love one  race he love all race, and in some people eyes is a reincarnated God,  speaking the spoken words. He has left us, but his beautiful music, is here  with us forever!  If you have something bad to say about this album, you  should go back and learn more about the King of Reggae Bob Marley and  understand what he is preaching, which is freedom and love. We don't care  what the world say! Natty Dread, we love you Bob Marley, Give thanks and  praises! Jah Bless I and I!
B000002UUX|5.0|This one of my all-time favorite's from Megadeth!I'm really disappointed with their latest release called Risk!They totally sold-out on that record and I never thought that they would ever do that,but they did so I think  they should get back to their old stuff and start making some true metal  again.The new record risk is terrible and all of the people who are posers  like the album Risk!
B00002Z88D|4.0|I'm 31 and I've been a Metallica fan since Kill Em All. Ever since Metallica released &quot; Load &quot; many fans called them sell-outs. Like me, Metallica grew up and today they are artistically mature and a tighter  band. In they're boldest move yet Metallica colaborated with San Francisco  symphony and produced an awesome collection of past and present hits in  S&amp;M. Composer Micheal Kamen perfectly blended classical instrustments  with the raw heaviness of Metallica. The symphony performed flawlessly in  such heavy hits as Battery, For Whom The Bell Tolls, and the Call of the  Ktulu. My personal favorite was &quot; One &quot; as the string and horn  section played with same raw fury that Metallica is famous for. Metallica  survived the great metal die-off of the early 1990s because they evolved  musically and took risks. S&amp;M is the lastest risk and Metallica  produced a winner!
B000002B30|5.0|This CD was my second purchase...I had the cassette when it was first released, and I positively LOVE it, ALL of it!  But where o where is &quot;Pink Cadillac&quot;?  It was on the cassette...a fun song that I  loved to sing along to!  Where can I GET my &quot;pink cadillac, crushed  velvet seats, ridin' in the back, cruisin' down the street, waving to the  girls, peeling out of sight, spending all my money on a Saturday night.   Honey I just wonder what you do there in the back of your pink  cadillac...&quot;
B00002Z88D|5.0|After reading all of the previoius reviews here, I can see mine are much in agreement with everone else, in that I too was very skeptical at the idea of Metallica working with, of all things, an symphony orchestra. I  have been skeptical of other Metallica works until hearing them, and in  each and every case I was left electrified by the experience. This one was  no different. If I've learned one thing about this album, it's never doubt  Metallica. They'll never sell out, they'll never conform to the mainstream  music industry today, and that is exactly why they survive and will  continue to do so. They are the only group around who can perfect upon  perfection, as proven in this CD, with the help of Michael Kamen and the SF  Symphony Orchestra, they've taken music to bold new realm altogether.I have  been listening to this album, and nothing else, for about to weeks now, and  I can say that the kind of energy I get from this album is the likes of  which I've never felt before. Anyone with even half an open mind and  respect for quality talent and sounding music will become completely  addicted to this album.&quot;Ktulu&quot; was superb, &quot;Puppetz&quot;  nothing short of (like and earlier reviewer said) eargasmic, while other  songs such as &quot;the thing that should not be&quot;, &quot;Nothing Else  Matters&quot; and &quot;Battery&quot; in their own right were awesome. And  I gotta say I totally fell in love with &quot;No Leaf Clover&quot; and  &quot;Minus Human&quot; the first time I played each of them. The way I see  it, Metallica's just gettin warmed up, and the best may be yet to come in  their careers. 5 stars just doesn't do this enough justice.
0425170349|2.0|I just finished the book and I was disappointed. The realism of the plot, technology and the real-life type characters (that were hallmarks of his earlier books) have given way to story that is dumb. Not only are his books  getting really fat --Tom: as a helpful hint, let an editor do some  trimming-- but it is now populated by characters who are all super men,  super dedicated and fighting to save the world on a just in time basis.  While that formula may work for Robert Ludlum, it detracts from the  believability that have made the earlier Clancy novels so entertaining,  engrossing and keeps you eagerly waiting his next book.
0671721720|4.0|When Honor is given the duty of contacting the newly discovered civilisation on Grayson's Star, she has to doubt the wisdom of her superiors for the planet is highly patriarcal. Not only that, the women are  highly protected for the native soils are highly poisonous to human kind  and not all babies were brought to term.  But the Graysonians are not so  stiff necked as to fail to recognise the virtues of Honor when their  traditional enemies on the planet of Masada launch yet another Final War.  This time they have back up from a more powerful enemy though as the  People's Republic of Haven turns its eye upon the domes o Grayson.
B000003BEM|5.0|This album is defiantly the best. Especially when you look at the album that proceeded it. Their Satanic Majesties Request was the Stones trying to be the Beatles(why they would want to be like the Beatles ill never know)but this album was the Stones being the Stones. Its nothing like Their  Satanic Majesties Request. It starts out with Sympathy for the Devil which  is one of their greatest songs. It is the only rock song I've ever heard  about the devil that has intelligent lyrics. Like Let it Bleed and Exile  there isn't a weak song on the album except maybe Street Fighting Man which  hasn't aged very well but its still a pretty good song and the others are  great. The Beatles could never have came up with an album as great as  Beggers Banquet and certainly they would have never done Prodigal son or  Stray Cat Blues which are two of the best songs on the album. Actually its  hard to pick a favorite because the whole album is so good. I fully  recommend this album to anyone. It is one of their best, right up their  with Exile On Main Street.
6304510861|1.0|David Lynch is a very skillful director. His use of the moving camera, special effects and use of filters is worthy of Martin Scorsese or Stanley Kubrick.  This movie uses all of these skills and really gives us a  haunting look at Lynch's vision.  The main problem with this movie,  however, is the plot.  There is none.  The film only makes some sense on a  subconscious and very ideological level.  It barely does that.  Unlike Blue  Velvet, which was at least a story of coming of age and lost innocence,  this movie has no point.     Blue Velvet at least made the comparison  between the dark world of Rossellini and the pure, sheltered and dull life  of Sandie.  Lost Highway attempts to deal with Pullman's obsession with his  cheating wife.  We never really feel that he is that bothered by it.  Even  as the mechanic, he still says nothing about her.  He does not have an  opinion on this new woman.  This whole film is a character study.  Yet the  only thing we know about Pullman is that he lives in a synthetic house with  a plastic-like wife and sweats a lot.  We never get into the emotions or  character of the main players.  If the movie is going to be this abstract,  it needs to deal with an emotion or human predicament; Lost Highway deals  with fancy camera angles and Arquette's naked body. It is a Remaking of  Blue Velvet with more sex and violence. All of the moments in the end up to  nothing.  They are just like most of Lynch's work, totally empty.
B000003BF1|5.0|This is defiantly one of their best. Gimme Shelter is a great song, the beginning will make shivers go down your spine.Love in Vain far exceeds Robert Johnsons original recording.Country Honk is a country and western  remake of Honky Tonk Women and its just as good as the original song! The  Midnight Rambler is a violent tale about a serial killer and was based on  the boston strangler. Its one of the best songs on the album even though it  can make you feel uneasy listening to it. You Got the Silver is a great  love ballad nicely sung by Keith, Live With Me is about a dysfunctional  household, it has great lyrics and a great rythmn, Let it Bleed is also one  of their best. You Cant Always Get what you want is a classic-who does get  what they want in life? One of my most favorite songs on Let it Bleed is  Monkey Man, its also one of their most underrated. There is not a weak song  on this album and i defiantly would recommend it to anyone.
B000021Y77|4.0|Concocted with a particularly 90s gunpowder mix of comic books, electronica, video games, animation, and MTV, this film explodes onto the  screen with color, fury, and, surprisingly, intelligence.  In fact, it  never stops going off.<br />The basic plot here is simple.  Lola must get  money to her boyfriend immediately or else he's a corpse.  The genius is  having the plot twist back upon itself, stealing the video game convention  starting the story over when Lola fails several times  and giving her  another chance to pull the task off.  This should be a cute but shallow  gimmick; instead, it is utilized with an unusual cleverness and  purpose.<br />I shan't give any of the twists or turns away; suffice to say  that each &quot;new life&quot; actually reveals more about the characters  and their motivations than I would ever had imagined.<br />A exciting collage  of media, Run Lola Run offers extreme entertainment with hints of  unsuspected substance.
B00001R3GF|3.0|This is an alright album but its not really one of my favorites. Miss You is a pretty good song even though its disco and When the Whip Comes Down,Respectable, and Shattered are also all pretty good, not anything  great like on Exile but still ok.Just My Imagination gets on my nerves, I  dont know why its just kind of dull.Lies is  forgettable and Beast of  Burden is annoying and sounds like the beegees or some other horrible disco  group. Before They Make Me Run is probaly  the best song on the album.The  worst one is Far Away Eyes which is one of the most idiotic songs the  Stones have ever done. It probaly wouldnt have been quite so bad if they  would have done it straight instead of Jagger doing an awful hillbilly  impersonation. The song Some Girls is full of stereotypes about women and  its not really that great of a song. Its an ok album all in all but if your  new to the Stones I suggest you get Exile on Main Street or let it Bleed  first.
B000023VR6|5.0|ME LIKE A LOT.  THIS ALBUM IS ONE OF THE ONES I LISTEN TO EVERYDAY.  CAN'T GET SICK OF IT.  ITZ JUST A REALLY GOOD ALBUM.  THE BEAT KEEPS UR HEAD BOBBIN'.  I LIKE THIS CD BECAUSE OF THE VARIETY OF FEATURED ARTISTS.  AT  LEAST I KNOW I DIDN'T WASTE MY MONEY AND TIME ON THIS CD.
B000003BDJ|5.0|This was my first Stones album. I got it when I was a kid and I remember really liking it alot especially the first side with all their earlier songs.My favorite songs in those days was Ninteenth Nervous Breakdown, As Tears Go by, Play With Fire, Paint it Black, Time is On my side, Get off   My cloud, and Mothers little helper, and my especial favorite was Ruby  Tuesday. I never have liked Satisfaction or Under my Thumb. I also remember  being really shocked by Sympathy for the Devil and I would never listen to  it, I guess I thought I would be dragged down to Hell for listening to it.  Thats one reason I never listened to the second side, I was so scared of  hearing that song(hey, I was only about 9 years old)Anyway, times change  and now my favorite songs are on the second side because I don't really  like their mid sixties songs too much anymore. My fave songs on it now are  Jumping Jack Flash,Wild Horses, Brown Sugar, Midnight Rambler(I like the  version on Let it Bleed better though)Honky Tonk Women, and yes, Sympathy  For the Devil. Its a good album to start out any Stones collection with and  if you like it then you can go on to Beggers Banquet, Let it Bleed, Sticky  Fingers, and Exile on Main Street which is the god of all rock albums.
B00002Z88D|5.0|This album is really great.  You can really hear the mix between rock and classical music. This is a superb addition to their already great collection ! Metallica Rules !  Next year at the PROMS in Antwerp !
B000002UAU|1.0|I loath and despise this album. I cannot believe the Stones were actually so impressed with it that they tried to copy it. They must have been out of their minds! Thank god they found their sanity and recorded Beggers Banquet which is the greatest album of the sixties, a powerful, compelling  masterpiece. But wait a second, I'm supposed to be reviewing Sergeant  Pepper. Well, its the complete opposite of compelling and powerful. Think  trite,dull,and supremely overrated. This is understandable of course since  everyone was on LSD at the time so they were probaly too far out of their  heads to know good music. The first song on the album introduces Ringo as  Billy Shears singing A Little Help From My Friends. If you've never heard  that song sung by Ringo then just think of a song in a Disney Cartoon and  you get the picture. Actually, there is a better version of this song out  there, I think Jim Croce or someone like that sings it. Anyway, the next  song Lucy in the Sky With diamands and its all about paper taxis and a girl  with kalidescope eyes. Actually, its really not that bad of a song.Next you  have Getting Better and Fixing a Hole which are both so unforgettable that  I need not mention them except to say that no, Fixing a Hole is not about  heroin, its actually about someone fixing a hole on their roof. Or maybe in  their life. I dont know.You get that tiring symbolism with the Beatles.  Next comes Shes Leaving Home which always makes me want to scream and froth  at the mouth it is such a nauseating and syrupy song.Next comes For the  Benifit of Mr Kite  which is about a circus and other than having a  disarming childlike charm(the Beatles were good at that)it is really  nothing special. Within You and Without you is George Harrison doing his  India thing. When I'm Sixty Four and Lovely Rita are silly and harmless  which I suppose is how you could describe this whole album. Then Good  Morning(another forgettable song) and finally after a dead end reprise wehave A Day In the Life which has gained quite a reputation through the  years. I really get nothing from this song.  Beatles were always  pretentious show offs and this song helps to show it. In fact, this album  helps to show it.
B00002Z88D|5.0|The live concert was unbelievable its slightly disapointing listening to the recorded version once you heard it live but the orchestra made some  of thier songs even more amazing like for whom the bell tolls nothing else  matters and of course no leaf clover
B000002UAR|2.0|This is actually the most listenable album the Beatles recorded. Taxman is utterly forgettable George Harrison but then we have Eleanor Rigby which is actually a decent song. I'm only Sleeping is ok kind of draggy and lazy sounding but I guess thats the sound Lennon was going for.Here,There,  and Everywhere is a nice pretty song but nothing special. Love You To is a  forgettable George Harrison sitar thing. She said, she said is the best  song on the album. Its actually better than decent. &quot;Shes making me  feel,like I've never been born.&quot; A pretty cool song.Then we have  Yellow Submarine which is one of those charming childlike things that the  Beatles so loved to do. Good day Sunshine is a dull Paul McCartney  &quot;What a wonderful superduper day!&quot; type of thing. And Your Bird  Can Sing sounds like 20 other Beatle songs I can think of. For No One is  forgettable. Doctor Robert is a pretty decent song if only for the lyrics.  I Want To Tell You is dull. Got To Get you Into My Life is pretty good with  some good vocals by McCartney.Tomorrow Never Knows is the Beatles doing the  Psycedelic druggy thing and it is tiresome. All in all it is an ok album.  Not as good as the Rolling Stones but ok.
B0000072VM|5.0|I've been an avid music collector all my life, and have thousands of CDs and LPs.<br />The other reviewers have mentioned specifics, which I won't bother to repeat, except simply to say that this is on my Dozen Desert  Island Discs list!
B0000062Y2|5.0|The original motion picture soundtrack of Jesus Christ Superstar is far superior to any other I've ever heard.  The original concept album is HORRIBLY arranged, while Previn works wonders with the score on the film  soundtrack.  The three principals (Jesus, Judas, Pilate) are outstanding,  contributing to this version's being the best ACTED of all.  This is also  the only version I'm aware of which includes &quot;Then We Are  Decided&quot;--a short number which is, in my mind, absolutely crucial to  the play, in that it makes the position of Caiaphas much more  understandable and sympathetic.  Without it, Caiaphas, Annas, &amp; co. are  little more than one-dimensional, thoughtless bad guys.<br />The only notable  flaws with this version are some relatively poor song transitions and a  less than stellar version of the crucifixion scene.  Avoid watching the  garish and dated film itself; it's almost bad enough to spoil the wonderful  experience of this record.
6304196784|5.0|A Fish Called Wanda has got to be one of the funniest movies ever.  It's got an amazing ensemble cast, with brilliant work by Kevin Kline and Michael Palin.  There are too many memorable scenes from this film to  mention here - my favorites are where Palin's character tries (repeatedly)  to kill the old woman, and the &quot;K-k-ken is c-c-coming to k-k-kill  me!&quot; bit.  And the part where John Cleese cavorts naked around the  apartment speaking Russian.  Hilarious.  That's the only word for it.  I  recommend watching this film very late at night with a bunch of other  people - it makes it even more funny (if that's possible).
6304143184|5.0|This is the only film i have ever cried at.  I can't find it on video anywhere in the UK, but it usually comes on tv every Christmas, so i'll be watching it (again!) A truly great film, an all-time fave for me, it  touches the heart with funny scenes and sad scenes, well done Stephen!
0385484518|5.0|After reading this book, it inspired me so much on how I look at life.  People don't know on what to do with their every day life.  With this book it made me realize how much things I should get done while I'm still strong  and here on Earth.  Tuesday with Morrie is the book everyone should see.   The book that everyone should talk about.  The book that will inspire  everyone.  Just as the title says it, this book will give you the last  greatest lesson in life.
0064440346|5.0|My mother read this book to me and my sister when I was four or five. Years later I had forgotten most of the book, but the concept of Tear-Water Tea stuck with me. During a conversation with friends when I was in college, something came up that made me think of the 'things that were sad'  that Owl thinks of to make his tea. I absently remarked, &quot;Spoons that  have fallen behind the stove and are never seen again.&quot; and a friend  automatically said, &quot;Pencils that are too short to use.&quot; After a  chorus of, &quot;You read that book too! &quot; I called home and asked  mom, &quot;Remember that book...what was the title?&quot; And bought my own  copy. <br />&quot;Owl at Home&quot; is a 'beginning readers' book, but it's  perfect for all ages. Younger children will enjoy having it read aloud and  adults will laugh at Owl's escapades along with the kids.
6305627401|3.0|I recently rented South Park: Bigger, Longer and Uncut hoping to see one of the funniest movies I would ever see.  However, the crude and constant use of foul language in this movie kept me from giving this movie a five  star.  On the other hand, the plot was very entertaining and funny and some  language was nessecary to get the message across.  However, it wasn't  needed in a lot of places.  If you are a fan of South Park, as I am, watch  this movie.  If you've never seen the show and want to see the movie frist,  watch a few of the television episodes before sitting through this movie.
014028009X|5.0|The modern day Pride and Prejudice, which hit very close to home.  One of the funniest books I've read in a long time.
0767802470|4.0|Simply:  This one blew me away!  I saw the original quite a few years ago when it first opened in the U.S.  The special effects/sound effects on the DVD Director's Cut are spectacular. I loved it. It left me wanting more  movies like it.  If anyone has suggestions, let me know!
0385495315|5.0|Singh traces the history of code and cipher making and breaking history.  There has always been a struggle between those making codes and those braking codes, with implications for the people, businesses, and  governments of the time.  For example, we currently live in an era in which  there are essentially unbreakable ciphers available, which allows for  internet commerce, and companies like Amazon.com to exist.  As Singh traces  this struggle between code makers and code breakers, you will learn the  basic elements of cryptography in a non-threatening (for non-mathmeticians)  fashion.
0451160916|5.0|This book is a very intersting and exciting book. Danny is a special boy, he sees things that other people can't. When his father gets a job as a caretaker for a hotel, Danny has a bad feeling about going there. He has  visions of fire, lots of snow, and blood on the walls and floor of the  hotel. There is one strange word that sticks in his head and he is not sure  what it means. REDRUM! As Danny and his parents are alone in the hotel  strange things start to happen. Snow is blocking anyone from going in or  coming out.Read the book to find out what happens.
0780624890|5.0|This movie gets right to the point with heavy blood and guts.It is for the person who likes a thriller with lots of special effects.The acting could use some polishing but when you see it you wont care.
B00000ICN5|5.0|Gotta love this CD.  John Hammond finally gives Stevie the break he deserves...and what he gave us in return is this great album. &quot;Pride and Joy,&quot; &quot;Texas Flood,&quot; &quot;Mary Had a Little Lamb (Buddy  Guy original)&quot; are all here.... The bonus tracks add a little extra to  an already great compilation of blistering guitar work.  For an even better  version of &quot;Tin Pan Alley,&quot; check out Stevie's best live album  &quot;In the Beginning.&quot;  Excellent stuff.
B000001GK0|5.0|Zimerman's trademark crystalline articulation and sumptuous tone is mesmerizing and is what draws me to his music.  His performance of the Schumann concerto breathes such effervescent  vitality that it sparkles  like diamonds.  The main theme is wonderfully thrown back and forth between  Karajan and Zimerman, neither is overbearing, but instead perfectly  balanced and symbiotic. Karajan's hold on the young Zimerman is obvious  because the music is so seamless. One gets the impression that Zimerman is  playing at half his intensity to ensure the artistic integrity of the piece  is not compromised by turning it into a virtuoso showcase.  This  observation is supported by his coruscating performance of the cadenza.  I  have never heard the Schumann cadenza played with such abandon and white  hot intensity before.  It's such a wonderful climax that the best way to  describe it is --orgasmic.  His 2nd and 3rd movements are equally evergreen  and characteristically 'Zimermanesque'.  <br />The Grieg concerto is one I  grew out of because of its familiarity.  Zimerman's elegant, refined style  brings such a sublime, plaintive atmosphere to the piece that it evoked  nostalgic memories of my youth when I discovered these treasures for the  first time.  I'm familiar with Anda's, Richter's, Rubinstein's and many  others (I can't rememember them all) performance of the concerto.  All of  them were great, but none of them piqued my attention like Zimerman's.  His  style is the perfect balance of refined elegance and virtuosity for me.
0441003257|5.0|This book is a must read for anyone with an open mind and a warped sense of humor.  It's laugh-out-loud-funny!  I couldn't put it down!
0385483821|5.0|I would love to give this book to every senior executive I've ever worked for. The gap between what sr. management sees and what really happens in the field or on the front lines has perplexed me for decades. This book  clearly explains why the gap is there and what management should do to  overcome this problem that could put the company out of business.
6305627347|5.0|I've seen this film 3 times in a theater and now, 3 more times in flight.  I was coming back to the U.S.A. from London, recently on Virgin Airlines.  Visionery, Richard Bramson (Virgin's owner) had the great foresight to  include, &quot;Southpark: Bigger, Longer &amp; Uncut&quot; as one of the  inflight films.<br />Despite numerous &quot;pokes&quot; from my wife, it took  one of the flight attendants to get me to stop singing  along with the  movie, as &quot;I was disturbing the other passengers.&quot;<br />Buy it,  watch it, again and again!
0425170055|5.0|Rainbow 6 was the greatest book I've ever read. It deals with a great amount of action for the SWAT team lover. It made me go out and buy the computor game.
B000002LRX|5.0|Just want to get my two cents in and say: This is one of the best albums of the 1990s. Some of the songs are absolutely brutal, like &quot;Caffeine&quot; and &quot;Malpratice.&quot; There's quite a few  experiments . . . and all of them work. Great lyrics and bass on  &quot;Everything's Ruined.&quot; And a laugh or two on &quot;RV&quot; and  &quot;Crack Hitler.&quot; The guys in this band could have followed their  limited success with the previous album by making a set of catchy,  radio-friendly singles. Instead, they built this BIG BEAST --- art-rock  heavy metal sludgetone. That's a compliment.
0385484518|5.0|This book was presented to me by my 9th grade science teacher, whom it was given to by his brother. He told us to read it not because it had something to do with science but with life. That is his greatest goal as a teacher,to  get his point across that who ever you are, knowledge of life and morals  will apply to you. I'm very glad he did share it because it has inspired  change and revelation in my life. The book has taught me that you shouldn't  be ashamed of everyday things that happen to everyday people. This book is  definately on my Christmas list this year, every one should read this  book,even if you aren't a book person, I wasn't until I read this one. It's  an easy read and I urge everyone to acknowledge it and understand it as  well as I did!
0880389052|5.0|The book is the best book i have ever read....and i read a lo
0385484518|5.0|This book was presented to me by my 9th grade science teacher, whom it was given to by his brother. He told us to read it not because it had something to do with science but with life. That is his greatest goal as a teacher,to  get his point across that who ever you are, knowledge of life and morals  will apply to you. I'm very glad he did share it because it has inspired  change and revelation in my life. The book has taught me that you shouldn't  be ashamed of everyday things that happen to everyday people. This book is  definately on my Christmas list this year, every one should read this  book,even if you aren't a book person, I wasn't until I read this one. It's  an easy read and I urge everyone to acknowledge it and understand it as  well as I did!
B00000DHR0|5.0|I've owned Celine's CD, &quot;These are the Special Times,&quot; for over a year now and I STILL can't get enough of it!  There are very few CD's that I can listen to the entire way through, but this is one that I can!    Celine's voice is amazing as usual and the diversity in the album is  wonderful.  From the lively version of &quot;Feliz Navidad&quot; to the  traditional &quot;The Christmas Song,&quot; the CD is a well rounded  collection of Christmas songs.  The duet, &quot;The Prayer&quot; with  Andrea Bocelli, is the most incredible duet of our time.  I love it so much  I want it played at my wedding!   Celine's version of &quot;Holy  Night&quot; is the best I've ever heard and both duets on the album are  sure to warm the hearts of even the grouchiest &quot;Grenches!&quot;  All I  have to say is WOW CELINE!   BRAVO!
0385484518|5.0|This book was presented to me by my 9th grade science teacher whom it was given to by his brother. He had the whole class read it, not because it had something to do with science,but life. His goals as a (1st year)teacher  were to teach us that life has meaning and to be happy about what you have.  &quot;The concepts in this book,he said,aren't just for Mitch to learn, but  for all of us,all the time.&quot; His point is still reaching me in class  today. Lessons to learn,all the time,everywhere. This book has created a  revolution for me in changing my ideas and views of life. Using good  judgement and not being ashamed of areas of my life sre somethings it has  taught me. It will definatley be on my Christmas list this year. Everyone  needs to read it! I urge you with all sincerity. Even if you aren't a book  person,I wasn't until I read this one. So much knowledge,so little time it  takes to realize your real life. (P.S. If youb don't read, it's avalible on  cassette! )  READ! READ! READ! This is a defenite MUST READ!
B00000K3UU|5.0|My initial impression based on the trailer was that this would be another crass Sandler flick (Sandler is cool, don't get me wrong), but might have potential.  I was surprised - It was very good!  Adam Sandler adopts a  5-year-old boy to prove to his girlfriend he's ready for the next stage of  his life.  She dumps him anyway, and Sandler realizes that he doesn't know  what he's doing, and so tries to give the kid back.  While he's got him,  though, they do all sorts of crazy things and have a lot of fun.  Rob  Schneider provides excellent comic relief, as does Steve Buscemi, who has a  cameo in this film.  In short, a normally irresponsible man grows up by  having to deal with the joys of parenthood.  A thumbs-up for heart, and two  thumbs up for humor and entertainment!  Special features include an HBO  First Look which is worthwhile viewing.
0385484518|5.0|This book was presented to me by my 9th grade science teacher, whom it was given to by his brother. He told us to read it not because it had something to do with science but with life. That is his greatest goal as a teacher,to  get his point across that who ever you are, knowledge of life and morals  will apply to you. I'm very glad he did share it because it has inspired  change and revelation in my life. The book has taught me that you shouldn't  be ashamed of everyday things that happen to everyday people. This book is  definately on my Christmas list this year, every one should read this  book,even if you aren't a book person, I wasn't until I read this one. It's  an easy read and I urge everyone to acknowledge it and understand it as  well as I did!
B00000IACG|5.0|Fugazi is one of those great bands that always seems to be searching for the fresh sound. Although this album was made over the last decade, fugazi has managed to be anything but stale on all 18 tracks. there are some  excelent two minute grooves on this album that will surely have you hitting  the repeater button on your CD player. Just a little FYI... Fugazi will be  playing ATL on Dec 17th and Athens at the 40 watt on sat. Dec 18th. So,  pack it up and make the show if youre somewhere within 5-6 hrs drive. What  have you got better to do? Get off the computer.
6305313687|5.0|This movie is ranked among the best movies i have ever seen. This movie totally wrecked me up the whole day after i saw it in the morning. It was so emotionally involving and i learned so much from it. Its incredible  beyond words. I think it should have to be seen in high schools as a part  of the black american unit or something. I am very incredible impressed  with everyone's preformance in the movie and i will have it in my hands  permanently in no time. Please see this for my sake, and mostly for your  sake.
B000031XCR|1.0|This CD is worst trash I have ever bought in Amazon! It makes me sick! God... I am really annoyed with Celine's work, and will never buy her CD again!
6305127689|1.0|This is a good movie...for people with double-digit I.Q.'s, and the attention-spans of three year-olds.
B000002JPA|1.0|If you are a fan of syrupy ballads by lycra clad hair bands, this is the CD for you.  Compare them to the Beatles and Pink Floyd?  No way -- the best album of the 90's?  I sure hope not -- the intent of the album is good  - the music is inspired and the lyrics thoughtful but that is lost when all  of the raw power of the band is consumed by the production.  What you have  left is an over-dubbed over produced product that takes away all of the  bands individuality and makes them sound like other generic  &quot;hard-rock&quot; bands.  Do us a favor, plug them into some amps and  take away the aural exciters and let us hear them for what they really are  - very talented musicians.
6304973187|4.0|The movie is arguably more appealing to the younger generation. I guess some fans of william shakespere and the classics had already set out to criticise the movie before they saw it, nothing but the original version  would satisfy them. however, another group would have been looking forward  to a this refreshing modified version. Even though the movie had lost that  appealing ancientness, about it, it still held great uniqueness and funlike  structure in its mismatch of past and present styles. for example, the  scenery, props and clothing were a mix of both. I felt that it gave the  show a more magical aura, as though it was a kind of caught in between the  times. that was certainly interesting. Then, of course, there's shakesperes  charm minus its oldness. hey, the movie kept the originals emotions.  shakespere was getting a bit stuffy for this time and age and i guess this  movie kept all its literary value while injecting some fun into it.
B000002KD9|5.0|All songs are incredible, PLEASE, REPRISE RECORDS, or anyone else , RELEASE TIME FADES AWY AND ON THE BEACH ON CD, I BEG OF YOU.
0399143904|5.0|I personaly think that Tom Clancey has written another action/adventure masterpiece.
B000002KCV|4.0|A good, soft Neil album. &quot;Look Out For My Love&quot; is the best track, but the title track is close by. I MUST KNOW WHY THEY DO NOT RELEASE ON THE BEACH AND TIME FADES AWAY.
0198534477|5.0|I had looked for a great deal of time to find a book that explained complex differentiation from an intuitive viewpoint as well as being sufficiently rigorous.  I got more than what I paid for.  For example,  after reading this book one will come away not only being able to compute  various derivatives and the like, but truly understanding what the topic  means and how it may be utilized.  This book comes highly recommended.
0553573403|5.0|I just recently finished this first book in the series and I must say that I have been waiting for a book of this quality for some time.  I wade through mediocre book after mediocre book and wonder who will be the nexy  author to tweak my interests.  Well Mr. Martin has done it.  This ranks up  there with Robert Jordan, Clive Barker, and Feist's great books to name a  few.  It is a very dark book where you can never be sure who will live and  die.  The characters are intriguing and one can tell that the depth of each  character will increase as the series moves along.  I can't wait to read  more on Arya and Bran and Jon.  Lets hope that each book can excite and  entertain us as the first did.  Very Good Mr. Martin.
B000002UVX|5.0|Excellent Combination of Jimi Hendrix and his new trio which consisted of Billy Cox on Bass, and Buddy Miles on Drums. It features some material that Hendrix was working at the time. This is a must if you are a Hendrix fan because you will a nice example of Jimi Hendrix sounded like when he played live.
B00003003R|5.0|gnr live is one of the best albums i have heard for a long time. The content and sound is brilliant, all that is missing is a couple of the better known songs and it would have been complete, the version of  estranged is unreal and now GNR have rightfully regained a place in my CD  player a brilliant buy
B000002L99|5.0|I am an avid Musician. I just wanted to let You know that You were my insperation when learning to play guitar Years ago, &amp; are still today. You know as well as I that Music is the very essance of inner peace. I have  nothing but respect for Your knowledge in music. Also I know that music  isn;t a talent but an earned credit. You top the list of my favorite  insperations. Keep rocking on. Also I would like to add, I really wished  &quot;Sammy&quot; hadent left the band. Van halen live~&quot;Right here  right now&quot; Was the all time bomb~! So this is just a note of thanks  for inspiring me to go on with with my music through thick &amp; thin.  God  bless.......Paul Tarlton, Decatur ALABAMA.
B00000JPH4|5.0|I remember seeing this when I was a very little girl,and even had the book and record to read along with it before video! I have always loved it..the fantasy is wonderful,you find yourself in a world you've never known,and  you really find yourself wanting to help the Gelflings! A must see for  anyone who loves fantasy,and for anyone who loves the timeless wonder only  Jim Henson could bring to the screen
B000001A3H|5.0|The first five songs will blow you into the stratosphere. Simple as that. The rest of the album ain't bad at all either. Put bluntly, I haven't heard anything remotely like this in the hard rock/ metal genre. Kyuss play (or  played) with a ferocity and energy unparalleled by the vast majority of  so-called metal bands, delivering music that smashes your consciousness  into the orbit of saturn. All the while not forgetting that songs need a  tune.
B000002B9I|5.0|A wonderful, mostly upbeat CD.  Great latin music and Spanish lyrics.  A safe bet.
B000000W6F|5.0|Gish is not the best Smashing Pumpkins album, but it is by far the most innocent. Siamese Dream had this compelling power surge hiding behind every note. Gish, however, contains something that SD doesn't- innocence. This is  the strength of this incredible record. It's a man and his passion.
B00002MZ12|5.0|I have to say I was really expecting something different.  This album is much more listenable than Supposed Former Infatuation Junkie which I loved also.  I think the two albums compliment each other and for me, are far  superior to Jagged little Pill.  I was glad to see Alanis included &quot;No  Pressure over Cappucino&quot; because the lyrics are so beautiful.  It's a  really pretty album basically, my only wish was that &quot;Thank You&quot;  was included, but hey, you can't have it all. The version of &quot;That I  would be good&quot; is heart breaking, but the stand out track would  definately be &quot;Joining You&quot;, a song which is easy to attach  personal feelings too.  It's extremely moving, and a beautiful sentiment  from an accomplished song writer.  This album rounds Alanis' career to  date, and leaves you wondering where she'll go next. ..And I have to add  that she looks hot on the cover, she sends this boy weak at the knees and  starry eyed.....
6304711921|1.0|I BOUGHT 2 COPIES FROM TWO DIFERENT STORES IN WINDSOR ONTARIO CANADA.THEY WERE BOTH DEFECTIVE .THE FIRST IS THE MAYORS SPEECH  IN THE CHAPTER JACKS OBESSION . THE DEFECT AUDIO .THE  THREE OTHER  DEFECT,S ARE 1 OGGIE BOOGIES  SPEECH &amp; 2SALLY SCREAMING 3&amp;SANTA TALKING.
B00000DGUG|5.0|SFIJ is such a difficult album for a number of reasons.  Firstly, the expression on these new songs, in my opinion is free and a lot more established than Jagged little pill (you know how those catholic girls can  be...) but the songs are also like tongue twisters (eg. I too once thought  when proven wrong that I lost somehow, I too once thought that life was  cruel, it's a cycle really you think I'm withdrawing and guiltripping you,  I think you're insensitive and I don't feel heard I said do you beleive we  are fundamentally judgemental, fundamentally evil? and you said yes!) Now  really, try saying that at top speed without breathing!  My first reaction  was THERE'S SO MANY WORDS! and then I realised that they in some way hide  fundamental and beautiful themes, that anyone can tap into.  Also I don't  feel this album is as gendered as was JLP, which I like because I identify  with these songs a lot more.  Each song has it's merit, and they take a  while to really get into.  I don't know why but I am so drawn to this  album, and for reasons unknown I think it's one of the greatest albums I've  ever heard. Still don't know why but. And anyway this album is fun cause  you can play the SFIJ drinking came, guarenteed to get you off your face.   All you have to do is try singing the whole of &quot;I was hoping&quot;  without stumbling and with the same phrasing as Alanis.  Each time you mess  up you have to drink.
0452273331|5.0|Whether you agree with Ayn Rand or not, that doesn't take away that The Fountainhead is a masterpeice. Personally I like it better than 'Atlas Shrugged', it's about 1/2 the length and doesn't get too wordy. The story  has excellent characters and make wonderful points about what drives  individuals to be who they are. The protagoni, Howard Roark &amp; Peter  Keating, are symbols of ego and greed, neither of them truly desirable as a  life model, but excellent characters in what I would classify as Ayn Rand's  finest work.<br />We could debate all day whether Ayn Rand's objectivist  philosophy is correct, but her work, sans philosphical arguement, is  wonderful. The Fountainhead is the paramount example of her talent as a  writer.
B000009QPE|5.0|You want a strong degree of variety? forget it. you want something to make out to? get lost. you want a cd that WILL make you feel pain, you've found your new favorite album. This beast goes fast, faster, fastest and keeps  doing it until you can't take anymore. I mean Raining Blood is one FAST and  BRUTAL mother of a song! HAIL SLAYER!
B00002Z88D|5.0|Well at first ,it was really strange  hearing about classic music orchestra and Metallica ,playing together.<br />So I said , I must listen before I buy it . It only took 40 seconds.From the first track you can  understand that this double cd is not only great , but it is also  unique! <br />The sound of Metallica becomes even more breathtaking and even  more amozing ,  with the great help they had from the symphonic  orchestra.<br />The only disadvantage is that they included a lot of songs  from Load and Reload , (and we all know that this is NOT good !  )<br />But  Metallica will always be Metallica. So Go And Buy It NOW ! . I loved it  and I cant stop listening to it .It is the same , .......but different .Its  the best band ever been on this planet ....... IMPROVED! <br />Thats all  !
0380973464|3.0|Insisting that this novel could have been much shorter is, admittedly, not a very original piece of criticism, but it's true. Halfway through the book you begin to wonder why every single task of the mysterious WWII-detachment  needs in-depth description. I liked the humorous use of &quot;nerdy (i.e.,  computer-related) metaphors&quot; most of the time, but once the narrator  gives a lenghty explanation for Randy's &quot;manual override&quot; (I  cracked up laughing about that expression) cycles in terms of mathematical  functions, including extensive graphs, it's funny and tedious at the same  time. Still, Stephenson keeps you wanting to know how it all ends, but it's  basically mild curiosity, not suspense, that keeps you going. And that's a  far cry from Snow Crash, which was unputdownable. Don't get me wrong: this  is an extremely well-written, funny book, but Stephenson can do much  better. I was really sad to hear him say he was going to write a whole  cycle of novels revolving around cryptography. Oh dear... There are so many  other interesting topics around.
B00000DLV1|3.0|Well, after reading all of these pro-NYC reviews, I went out to listen to it...but have to say that I was a bit dissapointed! I have another live album called &quot;Welcome to Portishead&quot; which is so much tighter and  full of confidence.  It seems as if the group lacked the personal musical  connection that I grew to love in the &quot;Welcome to..&quot; album. Well,  that is how I see it.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|The only reason for which I bought the cd was just to see, or listen in this case, to what Zach de la Rocha was doing. Why the interest, well as a Mexican, I am interested what other Mexicans are doing in the USA and what  kind of impression they are given.  They have given me a good impresion so  I give the album 4 stars, the fifth one is just a token of patriotism  towards Zacarias... er Zach.
B000002U94|5.0|This is quite simply the best live album by the best rock singer - ever! Please, please  release a live video Bob!
B000001Y42|5.0|It's a great cd...everyone who likes this kind of music should get it
B0000027D5|5.0|'Lotus' is one of the best albums ever produced by the New Santana band. I bought the original LPs in 3 through a friend of mine from Japan and it costed me quite a lot of money then. Nowadays I made it into MD and play  whenever I have the time. Thanks Carols and guys for making such a   wonderful album.
9681501225|5.0|Hesse transforma esta maravillosa e imponente historia de un hombre que sigue su propio camino para llegar a su verdad. Es un balsamo espiritual de existencialismo que toda persona debe leer como un clasico,  para  comprender los dilemas de nuestro dolor y destino...que al final de  cuentas, segun Siddharta...todo se compensa en esta vida.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This has got to be one of the best Albums to come out this year! I just fell in love with this Album. It has many different styles of music, from a song with just a piano, to much more complex rock songs.  I guess to sum it  up, you just have to hear it for yourself!
B000031WD9|2.0|This teen film makes the obligatory reference to Shakespeare--this time to Henry the Fourth, Part One, in a class discussion led by an Asian-American teacher. (Theere's a  battle over Shakespeare in Porky's 2.  For other  references, see Never Been Kissed, Jawbreaker, The Rage:  Carrie 2, and 10  things I Hate About You.)  Unlike Risky Business, this film does not offer  anything by way of an interesting account of boy teen angst over getting  laid for the first time.  Another overhyped disappointment.  If you really  want something sexually explicit (this film isn't), go rent a porn.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|The boys are back with another bomb track!   All the songs rock in typical rage style - just harder, louder and funkier.  Mic Check is my favorite - during one part of the song Zach reminds me of Cajun Man from SNL.  Voice  of the Voiceless is soooo cool - Great lyrics and Tom makes his guitar  sound somewhat like bagpipes.  It's an eerie, cool, distorted sound.   Broken Man is more mellow then typical Rage, and for that reason I love  it!   carolyn@dpijobs.com
6302914191|5.0|The collectors edition could be any T.P. fan's heaven-if the picture quality would be better. I hope the studio releases this on DVD !
630439845X|4.0|The movie as a whole is very profoundly crafted. It creates a mood and stays on your mind much after the movie is over! A must see for those interested in getting a lasting experience!
0440224764|3.0|but the ending is really really bad!  I thought eva really love patrick how could she left him just like that it doesnt make sense!
B000002J2B|5.0|By no means believe those that dislike this album!  This is &quot;classic rock&quot; as in CLASSICAL music; here you can hear the results of the formal musical training of Phil, Steve, Mike,and Tony...  plus all without the commercial poppy stuff that Phil starting doing with  &quot;Duke&quot; in 1980...and if you like Phil Collins, you'll love his  voice on these vocals, not to mention Phil's outstanding drumming... Those  that know &quot; A Trick of the Tail&quot; and never heard this one are in  for a treat. Turn this one up and bug your landlord with it! My favorite  &quot;Phil&quot; Genesis.
630562285X|3.0|Amazon claims that this Entrapment DVD is anamorphic widescreen, its NOT.  This is not the first time they got it wrong!
006017322X|5.0|A much beloved classic among modern American novels, Harper Lee's only book is truly an exciting and thoughtful reading experience! Those kids are so funny and real and the town of Maycomb comes alive in your head (Maycomb is actually the small Alabama town of Monroeville fictionalized). The character of Dill is based on Lee's childhood friend Truman Capote!  <br />This book gave me a wonderful sense of what the South was like during the depression and I loved the author's illustrious descriptions: Nehi soda , the Chinaberry trees, Collard patches etc.  The character of Aunt Alexandria was never seen in the movie, but she's a welcome addition to the story as is the dope addicted Miss Dubose (who's seen all to briefly in the film version) Lee is such a gifted writer that it's a shame that this is her sole entry in the world of literature.
B00002Z88D|5.0|&quot;S &amp; M&quot; is a beautifully orchestrated CD, consisting of the San Francisco Orchesta and popular rock group Metallica.   The SFO plays with Metallica to pre-written Metallica songs, including heavy, quick paced  songs such as &quot;Battery&quot; and &quot;One&quot; from the &quot;Master  of Puppets&quot; and &quot;...And Justice For All&quot; albums,  respectively.   What makes this album such a magnificent piece is the way  the SFO's music coincides with Metallica's music, with neither, at any  time, overpowering or drowning out the other. This is truly a masterpiece  of the mixing of two cultures, as both rock fans and classical fans will  remember this for years to come.
B0000033OT|4.0|I remember my dad listening to a number of soul albums during the mid to late 70's.  I was only about 6 or 7.  Since growing up and becoming a musician myself, I have been on a non-stop quest for musical texts.   Remnants of my memory surfaced Donny Hathaway.  Since leaving the record  store and driving home with the CD in the deck, the hair on the back of my  neck has not cease to stand at attention.  There is a haunting soul to this  album which i would not reccomend passing up.
B00003000M|5.0|You should know that the most recent Time Magazine gave this CD a really good review.  Go to pathfinder.com/time/magazine/articles/0,3266,34784,00.html
B00000DFSK|5.0|Most of my favorite U2 songs from the 80s are included in this album. This album is worth every cent I paid for it, and I want more! So, I'm going to buy the &quot;Limited Edition&quot; the next time! Buy this album or the  &quot;Limited Edition&quot;, and you won't be sorry, this one is a keeper!
B00000J7J4|2.0|Another Havana Moon.  Santana is just going for the money here, too bad.  This Cd is rife with commercialism.  It must be on the Arista label instead of Santana's own label, Guts and Grace, due to the poor quality of the  content.  Santana's guitar still sings like no other, but the collaberators  are no where close to his level of greatness.  Hopefully Santana makes  enough money on this Cd to enable him to start making real music again.  If  you are a Santana fan, save your money.  If you like today's pop trash, go  for it.
B00000J7J4|5.0|This is Santana's best work in years. The tracks that don't have guests are some passionate fusions of latin, blues, jazz, and rock. The guest singers add their own styles to their tracks. Lauryn Hill seems out of  place, as does Wyclef Jean. Dave Matthews croons effectively, Everlast  sounds surprisingly decent, and Rob Thomas shows that he can sing with the  best of them on the sultry &quot;Smooth&quot;. And who can forget Clapton?  The guitar gods create a whopper with the closing track, &quot;The  Calling.&quot; A very good purchase worth any Santana fan's time or anyone  that loves good music.
0805047905|5.0|One of the first books my little boy recognized. Easy to remember, vivid animals makes him feel like he can read it himself! Great for building up his self esteem and has introduced him to the world of &quot;reading&quot;!
B000002HHB|3.0|There was more musical invention and a little more lyrical range with the Maniacs, I think.  There are lovely moments in this CD, but it feels like she ran out of really good ideas--and energy--before the CD was filled up.   She sounds like a talented but dispirited person rousing herself to do good  things and then sinking back into lassitude or depression.
630529142X|1.0|I decided to buy this movie after many recommendations fromfriends of it being funny, well for $ it was not worth it.  Totop all that, the sound goes out of sync from chapter 15 onwards, which makes it look like a cheaply dubbed movie.  END
B00000FYPB|3.0|I think the best way to describe this film, is that it's more of a journey through the lead characters life, than it is a story with moral or purpose.  It contains remarkable footage of the Irish countryside, the British  Redcoats, the Prussian army and opulent French parlours.   As the film  turns though, we are left with less adventure and more humanity.  True  sadness and an unpleasant ending for a character you never really get to  like.  This film is amazing to watch especially on DVD, it just lacks  redeeming values and leaves the viewer only with a slice of life in an  incredible period.
B00002Z88D|2.0|I think the idea of metallica recording with an orchestra is very cool.  But when they don't include FADE TO BLACK, which in my opinion would work better with an orchestra then any of there other songs, it causes me to say  what the hell.  And on another note, James actually trys to sing.   Personally I like the old screaming metallica vocals on songs like Master  Of Puppets.  I think metallica should leave the Orchestras for more melodic  metal bands like Iron Maiden, Hammerfall, Edguy, and Rhapsody; they can  actually do it right.
B000002HEM|4.0|Not many live albums give good songs their due, unless they're hard rockers or blues, but these renditions are superb.  It functions as a &quot;best hits&quot; collection if you don't know 10K.  &quot;Gold Rush  Brides&quot; gives me chills.
0679720200|3.0|I, myself, did not like this book but I can see where others would. It's deep and thought provoking. However, I think people try to read a bit too much into it and it clouds a lot of the simplistic and obvious symbolism.  It is not exactly edge of your seat. In fact, it's rather dull and  predictable as a rising action/climax/resolution novel but it is quite  philosophical.
068484267X|5.0|I was told about this book in my Creative Non-Fiction class at OSU and decided to pick it up one day.  Then I couldn't put it down.  Mr. McCourt's style is perfect: other than the first few pages explaining how his parents  met and married and had him Mr. McCourt NEVER speaks outside of his age.   When he is four you see his world through the eyes of a four year old.   When he is ten you see the world through the eyes of a ten year old.  Never  once does he &quot;reflect&quot; on his life as a child at all; no, instead  he re-lives his childhood.  This makes the story absolutely immediate.   When I tell others of this book I tell them not to bother with borrowing  the book at the library--buy it and buy it now!  It's a book you'll want to  keep.
0767827902|5.0|There is no sense in reviewing the story here -- either you already know about this movie, or not.  If you have seen it before, buy it and see it again -- and once or twice every year.  If you don't know the story, it's  worth knowing (well, for mature teens and upwards, anyway).  The  performances are stellar, the scenery is mesmerizing (especially the black  &amp; white photography).  The feelings evoked are almost undescribable.   And all of it without car chases, gunfights, bombs -- just acting, great  dialogue (sometimes great &quot;no-dialog&quot;).  A touch of under-acting  in one scene, and perhaps a touch of over-acting in another one, are the  only minor flaws.  (The 65-minute featurette should not be watched before  the movie itself.)
B000006MS3|5.0|In the beginning, Kate Bush intrigued the world with her operatic vocals and literary lyrics but it was with the dawn of the DREAMING album that she really began to show her versatility of style, haunting us with such  synthezied melodies and vague lyrics. The influence of Peter Gabriel shows  on this album to a favorable extent. Songs from a simple bank heist (There  Goes A Tenner) to an agorophobic woman trapped in a house (Get Out Of My  House), she shows the clever genius that infiltrates her works. No wonder  she is such a perfectionist, when she turns out albums as well-crafted as  this one, it is worth the wait.
6305426651|5.0|This is possibly the best movie I've ever seen. It filled me with joy and a sudden love of the world despite the harsh realities it deals with about the holocaust. Roberto is captivating and steals your heart for the first  hour and by then you are so in love you find yourself laughing and crying  all at once...I did at least.
B0000042BZ|5.0|This version of Rigoletto was wonderful-the music of course, and the performances. Pavarotti is in great voice. The movie-like staging for the most part is good. This is not a recorded stage version; it is a filmed  version especially for the video.
