0790729377|5.0|Someone else wrote about how you need to see this film to see what people saw in Brando.  God Lord I was completely blown away by this man's acting.  What a stunning film.  I feel ashamed for not having seen this earlier.  Everyone's acting is engaging.  I wanted to know more about everyone.  Passion (good and bad) just flows out of this movie.  I found myself dizzy  at one point from the raw emotion before me.  I think if you don't connect  with the feelings of these people this will seem like a boring movie, as  some have noted.  I was just mesmerized.
0790731479|5.0|I'm getting crazy.<br />Is it really impossible today not to find the French VHS version of this film ?<br />Could U please tell me something about it ? Tks
B00003CWPL|5.0|This is a masterpiece.  I first saw this on Christmas day when I was about 15 and I've never felt the same since.  The imagery in the movie haunts, shakes, and engages you and you are never sure why.  The story was a mystery to me as a young kid but hearing this was about Lynch's fear of  fatherhood brings it all home.  Nevertheless I was still attracted to this  film without even understanding what it was about.  It is that wonderful  combination of horrific and funny.  The world he creates seems like  something that cannot exist.  There is no context for it.  If you are  looking for something to toy with your senses at least rent this movie.
0790731479|5.0|I'm getting crazy.I'm looking for Beatlejuice french version video.<br />Is it really impossible today not to find the French VHS version of this film ?<br />Could U please tell me something about it ? Tks
B00003Q43G|5.0|What can be said about the Special Edition version of The Abyss besides the fact that it is an experience like no other. Aside from the unbelievable special effects, the universal message that this movie  delivers is one that everyone should hold dear to their hearts: stop hating  each other, youre all among the same. With Added scenes to this Special  Edition, scenes that were very important for the theatrical release, but  cut for time, make the film a haunting masterpiece that should remain  talked about and viewed for generations to come.
B000002O4S|5.0|This is a very special cd: if you are a music lover, you ought to buy it. Hughe Lewis provides excellent pieces of simple rock&amp;roll with &quot;Power of Love&quot; and &quot;Back in time&quot;, powerful tracks!    Then you have Clapton with a reggae cover, pretty entertaining.   And there  is more: excellent &quot;oldies goldies&quot;, and the superb score by Alan  Silvestri. Needless to add anything more, just wake up and buy this CD!  <br />PD:If you play it in your car you´ll feel pretty much like Marty Mcfly!
B00004T9UF|5.0|This CD is absoulutely amazing. The beats are awesome. Every single song on it is good. Criminal and Kill You are so funny. You will listen to this CD all the time. Liked The Slim Shady LP then you'll love the Marshall  Mathers LP. Stan is a great song and the best on the CD. Marshall Mathers  is also very good because Em is realizing what it's like to be famous. As  he says in the track &quot;All of a sudden I've got 90 something  cousins.&quot; The Real Slim Shady is great but most of the songs are  better than it. If you think every song will be like The Real Slim Shady  then you're wrong. The Real Slim Shady is a single because its the only  song that wouldn't be to vulgar for MTV or the radio. Anyway, just buy the  CD and you can't go wrong. But beware, the return of Ken Kaniff is pretty  sick but still hilarious.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|Fiona didn't dissapoint with her follow-up to the hauntingly beautiful &quot;Tidal&quot;. The single best thing about this record is that it's not the same as Tidal and so I find it impossible to say that one is better  than the other.  They both stand prominently on their own unique qualities.  It's evident from the first two tracks that Fiona has grown as a songwriter  and the music is lush and gorgeous. The fact that each track is so  different from the next is a big treat. I can't give it 5 stars because  that would mean it's flawless and it's not. But she's definitely headed in  the right direction.
0783242808|4.0|This movie was surprisingly good.  It was, for the most part, funny when it tried to be, although many of the jokes were old and oft-used.  The acting was pretty good, the actors looked good, and the movie just wasn't  boring.  It was fun and entertaining, and that's what counts in this type  of film.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|Fiona didn't dissapoint with her follow-up to the hauntingly beautiful &quot;Tidal&quot;. The single best thing about this record is that it's not the same as Tidal and so I find it impossible to say that one is better  than the other.  They both stand prominently on their own unique qualities.  It's evident from the first two tracks that Fiona has grown as a songwriter  and the music is lush and gorgeous. The fact that each track is so  different from the next is a big treat. I can't give it 5 stars because  that would mean it's flawless and it's not. But she's definitely headed in  the right direction.
6305358613|2.0|In the balance, this film is disappointing.  Highlights are the beautiful sets and the wonderful and multiple costumes and hair styles on Ms. Blanchet, who gives a very good performance.<br />But the screenplay is weak  and incomplete.  Although the intent is to focus on the woman and not the  historical pretext, in the end, one is not moved at all by the development  of Elizabeth's character.  She progresses through the disjointed (and  someties pointlessly bloody) plot like a puppet, constantly transforming,  but never actually displaying the greatness one is assumed to be in awe of.   By the end of the movie, Elizabeth has changed dramatically, but has  achieved nothing .<br />The direction, meant to make a bold statement with its  odd camera angles and rapid fire edits, gives the movie a music video feel  that ultimately detracts from any attempt to take the viewer to a distant  and exotic place.<br />This movie has all of the ingredients for success, but  is in the end very frustrating.  It neither tells a good story nor provides  a compelling portrait of personal transformation. One will have to look  elsewhere to learn about this incredible woman and the Golden Age she  created.
B000002ITG|1.0|Note to poential buyers-Led Zeppelin are considered a &quot;classic&quot; rock band. &quot;Classic&quot; is not the same as &quot;good&quot;.There are about two decent songs in this compilation. Don't waste your money on  this nonsense folks.
B00000G6AF|5.0|MUST BUY! Whether you're techno/electric, alternative, anything! If you love a good beat, pick this up. My friend introed this to me a couple of months ago, and I was hooked on HMSS! So I picked myself up a copy and fell  in love with the whole cd. He'd gotten his copy at a club. Then I brought  it to work and let a friend listen to it, he loved it! Got himself a copy,  and now his roommates dig it too! Then I found out the 3 other people I  worked with already had the cd, and love it too! We're all different kinds  of music people too! &quot;Velvet pants&quot; is the theme song for a  friend, and I've found out that the 'Heads have songs on a lot of  soundtracks! Very catchy, I kid you not. This cd with extras is worth the  $$$, because you can't get enough to these 2 rocking guys! Cheers!
B000001ES9|4.0|Will you people stop comparing Rush to Led Zeppelin! Led Zeppelin are the most overrated band of all time!Why does every other band get compared unfavourably to Led Zeppelin, but never vice versa, huh?I really want to  know.Let me say that  Led Zeppelin copied The Who, Cream, Blue Cheer and  old blues like Muddy Waters.As for the album, it is much heavier and louder  than anything Led Zeppelin ever did-Led Zeppelin(when they used electric  guitars) were never &quot;heavy&quot;, they just had a harsh,hard sound-no  power.Their songs aren't even all that good either.I think it's high time  the music community did a serious re-evaluation of Led Zeppelin.
B00003CX5A|5.0|Loosely based on both the original Washington Irving story as well as the Disney version, Tim Burton's Sleepy Hollow takes a revisionist approach and ends up with a genuine horror classic.  Johnny Depp stars as  &quot;Constable&quot; Ichabod Crane, an 18th century detective keen on  using scientific methods (unheard of in this period) to solve crimes.   Annoyed by his unconventional methods, Magistrate Christopher Lee sends  Depp upstate to Sleepy Hollow to investigate a string of grisly  murders-by-beheading.  Depp/Crane becomes involved in a supernatural  situation that tests his lack of faith (a sub-plot resulting from a  childhood trauma involving his mother [Lisa Marie] and sinister father) and  makes him a full witness to the goulish decapitations.  Christopher Walken  is absolutely frightening as the horseman, and Christina Ricci and a cast  of classic British actors flesh (pardon the pun) out the story with hints  of shady business among the town's statesmen.  The commentary by Burton is  fairly optional, but the &quot;making of&quot; and other features enhance  the movie superbly.  Burton uses a foggy, bleached style to enhance the  appearance and tone of the movie, creating a genuinely unique vision.  Be  warned, though - there's lots of loppings in this flick, so it's definitely  not for the squeamish.  With homage to Hammer horror films but otherwise  unique in the genre, Sleepy Hollow should easily take its place among other  groundbreaking horror movies like The Shining or An American Werewolf in  London.  Need a movie to shake you out of your Friday-the-13th complacency?   Get this DVD!
6304140711|3.0|Fear is a teenage movie that actually has the right direction about dating and home life, yet gets a little carried away. Mark Wahlberg plays the villain and he does a good job. His part, unfortunately, is written awful.  For example there's a scene where he kills someone. It just seems  unrealistic that he would do such a thing. I liked the idea of a boyfriend  who has a bad temper and is easily made jealous and when he beat up a kid I  thought it was realistic. When he killed someone I thought it was just  stupid. The movie does a lot of dumb things including playing the same  songs over and over and having the characters keep wearing the same clothes  every day. As far as story, it's entertaining because it's often kind of  scary. For these reasons it's good, but it is covered in flaws and just  barely manages to be successful. One thing that helps it is the nicely  written overprotective father role. Don't think too hard and you'll enjoy  it. Fun, but not the most intelligent.
B00004SCX6|2.0|Well even thought I think this second cd sounds alot like the first one, its an okay CD if you are just a die hard Britney fan. Here's my adivce to  Ms.Spears........Britney you are a talented dancer and a very strong and  beautiful young lady.Why don't you try acting or modeling because I really  do feel that singing is not your thing.
630197767X|5.0|Once in a long while, there comes a film that has such tremendous gestalt that it rises above any negative criticism.  `Rocky' is such a film.  It is more than just a story about an underdog boxer who makes the best of a  title shot.  It is a story about perseverance, heart and courage.  Most of  all it is a story about transcendence.  All the major characters in the  film, including Apollo Creed, transcended their previous limitations.  If  you reflect on it, Mick, Paulie, Adrian and Rocky were all changed people  by the end of the film.  Apollo was changed too, but we didn't realize it  until the sequel.  <br />The film was also a transcendent event for Stallone,  and served as an allegory of his life.  If there ever was an underdog in  Hollywood, it was Sly Stallone.  His trademark droopy eyes and slurred  speech were the result of a severed nerve at birth, and this disability was  not conducive landing roles as a leading man.  As a child, he was teased  for his slur, and coupled with his name endured a childhood of Tweety bird  jokes.   He knew a little about fighting.  He was expelled from fourteen  schools by the time he was fifteen.  In the film, when Rocky was knocked  down and his corner told him to stay down, it was symbolic of his own life  when his acting teachers at University of Miami tried to dissuade him from  acting.  In both cases he got up and proved them wrong.<br />This film found  its original inspiration in a boxing match between Muhammad Ali and Chuck  Wepner (a.k.a. The Bayonne Bleeder), an astronomical underdog who lasted  fifteen punishing rounds and emerged with his pride and a face that looked  like ground beef.  Anyone who saw that fight and this film would see the  obvious similarities in Ali/Creed and Wepner/Balboa.  After seeing this  fight, Stallone wrote the screenplay in three days.<br />Stallone had several  big money producers interested in the script, but they refused to produce  it with him in the lead.  So he turned them downand produced it on a  shoestring, grossing over $225 million and winning Best Picture and  Director Oscars and acting and writing nominations for Stallone.  Stallone  should have stopped after the first `Rocky' as the sequels did not and  could not compare.  However, I can't blame him for riding the gravy train  after the price he paid for admission.<br />Stallone is brilliant in the role,  as the inspiration came from his own life.  He simultaneously elicits  pathos and respect from the viewer.  Though Balboa is none too bright,  Stallone gives him a pure heart, unswerving desire and through sheer  simplicity makes him the wisest of all the characters in the film.  By the  end, everyone in the theater is pulling for Rocky because to do so is to  cheer for their own lost dreams.  The end is triumphant and I still get a  lump in my throat when he screams out, \\"Adrian\\".  <br />This film is in my top  50 of all time.  I'm partial to underdog stories and this is the  heavyweight champion of that category.  I rated it a perfect 10.  `Rocky'  may not have been great filmmaking but it was great art.  Would that life  could always imitate art as well as it did in this film.
B00000J7JO|5.0|When it was that I started liking this kind I don't know but what matters is that now I do. I guess it happened when I heard &quot;Scar Tissue&quot; and &quot;Otherside&quot;. I have about 2 days with this CD and I already  love every song. I hope that if you don't have this CD that you buy it  because it is one of the best!  With songs like &quot;Around the  World&quot; and &quot;Parallel Universe&quot; I'm sure you will enjoy every  song just like me.
B000002JR8|3.0|This album is very heavy, but not a consistantly great album.  The first half is great stuff, but it falters in the middle, and then declines toward the end.  Also, I understand their appreciation and dedication as fans of  the heavy metal legends Black Sabbath(myself included), but I think their  cover of &quot;Planet Caravan&quot; was an unecessary inclusion on this  album.  If they wanted to create an even-numbered album, I'm sure that they  could've come up with something original.  Either way, this is a good  album, but hardly essential Metal, and not very necessary Pantera.  Songs  like:  &quot;Strength Beyond Strength&quot;, &quot;Becoming&quot;, and  &quot;Hard Lines, Sunken Cheeks&quot; are what really save this album.
B00000729S|5.0|I bought this LP in the mid-`80s after listening to my roommate's original `60s copy.  As a `60s punk freak, I would have to say that this is, without a doubt, the coolest, wildest LP ever.  The time has come to replace my  well-worn copy with the CD version.  For those of you who love The Sonics,  13th Floor Elevators, etc. This is a must-have CD, especially with the  extra tracks that were not on the original LP.   Run, don't walk, to grab  anything and everything by The Monks!
B000003RCY|5.0|This album is superb!  Even though this album fringes on the area of Techno, that still is no excuse for Metal fans to turn it down.  This stuff is killer! Virtually every song on here is a goldmine!  This album doesn't  have a single song that isn't hard-hitting, and screaming to the core of  the listener's soul.  This  CD is well worth buying.  Herzeleid is a lot  heavier than it's follow-up Sehnsucht, yet failed to achieve as much  prominence, which is very sad.  If you don't get this CD, you're really  missing out!
B000002INR|4.0|If you have to have one Skid Row record this should be the one.  I remember having this one on cassette when it first came out.  Some highlights are &quot;18 &amp; Life&quot;, &quot;Youth Gone Wild&quot;, and  especially &quot;I Remember You&quot;.  Sebastian Bach was a cool singer  who probably gave the band more style than it would have had.  Not to leave  out the bass player with the nose ring to ear chain. The group is touring  with KISS now, without Bach, so I don't know how it will sound.  I would  have rather got to see them with Sebastian.  He does have a solo album out  though.  Anyway classic 80s hard rock on this one and the best Skid Row  recording to date.
B000002JOH|5.0|This is one of the best Metal albums ever produced!  Not just by Pantera, but by any Metal band to date.  From &quot;Mouth For War&quot; to &quot;This Love&quot; to &quot;Hollow&quot;, the drive is non-stop, and the  lyrics produce an image of raw power that will survive no matter what!  Of  all the songs, I especially like the first six songs.  These songs are  probably the cream of the crop.  &quot;This Love&quot; reminds me of  &quot;Cemetary Gates&quot; from the previous album.  They both start off  slow and melodic, but suddenly hit the listener like a Mack truck!  Pantera  has managed to put out the best albums it can since the beginning of its  career, but this album stands out as being one of the best.  I challenge  all Metal-heads out there by saying that if they don't have this CD, then  their collection is far from complete!
6305014140|5.0|If you're looking for an all out action movie with not much emphasis on story but full of heart, blood, and organs then this anime is for you.  <br />The characters are nothing short of cool.  Jubei is the coolest  character you will ever see in an anime to date.  Kagero is one of the most  abused anime characters I've ever seen, and it's sad to see what happens to  her at the end.  The 8 Devils of Kimon are hardly present throughout most  of the whole movie, mainly because most of them die in less than 5 minutes,  but it's still a wonderful movie.  Gemma is a character you're gonna hate,  period.<br />The story is not quite as evolved as the characters, though.   It's simply about Jubei killing the 8 Kimon Devils in order to help an  crazy old agent from the Tokugowa Shogunate named Dakuan.  Even so, the  story is merely an extra in this anime, and can be put away for it's mere  cheesieness.  The characters are the real meat in this anime.<br />This anime  is one I recommend to fans of ninja movies, blood and guts, rape scenes,  and anime in particular.  If you hate all of these aspects, you still might  like the movie anyway.  It's all based on opinion.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|Sheesh! This girl, great as an actress, has insured her whole body for a billion dollars, and she wanna show off her behind to men. Also, she wants to draw pre-teens and teenage girls alike onto HER side instead onto God's  side. And the great Puerto Rican crooner Marc Anthony's not helping  anything. I will exclude &quot;If You Had My Love&quot; from all this,  though, but its video is too fresh. The song should have gone, &quot;If I  had a voice and I turned away from sin, would God comfort  me?&quot;<br />Bottom line: buy this album at your own risk.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Enema of the State is one of the better punk albums I've heard in a very long time.  The songs are written quite well, even though the lyrics are somewhat redundant.  The songs are very much alike, but the album is  totally seamless and so very easy to like.  <br />The best song on the album  has to be &quot;Adam's Song.&quot;  No question about it.  The song is the  most hard-hitting, the most lyrical, and just damn good.  &quot;The Party  Song&quot; is one of my favorite songs just because of it's comedic value.   &quot;All the Small Things&quot; was a wonderful decision for the second  single, and the video just made the song funnier.  &quot;Alien's  Exist&quot; is extremely funny, and deserves its own place in the  spotlight.  &quot;What's My Age Again&quot; is the god damned funniest song  on the album, and also very well written and quite different from the rest  of the songs because of the tone in the lead singers voice.  All the tracks  are great and you'll grow to love them all.<br />This album is quite a turning  point for Blink 182.  They're becoming the best thing that's ever happened  to the punk genre, and hopefully we'll receive more wonderful content like  this from them in the future.
B000002UD7|5.0|<br />I was introduced to the Pet Shop Boys in 1987, just in time to experience Actually. This was a defining release for me, both as a teenager and for my passion for music. I played the tape constantly while out on  school sponsored functions, letting it psyche me up for whatever the  competition. Today, Actually still has the same power it did then. When I  want to get excited, singing and moving, yet keep my brain engaged, this is  always toward the top of the list. Not just for PSB fans, Actually is well  crafted euro-pop that features 80s classics you'll remember from summers by  the pool as well as classics that never made it to the airwaves. <br />The  release revs up appropriately with &quot;One More Chance&quot; and its car  chase intro. It gets your blood pumping and your attitude primed, although  it really isn't a dance floor classic. Released as a single, &quot;What  Have I Done to Deserve This?&quot; is and absolute classic PSB and dance  tune (featuring Dusty Springfield) with great lyrics for everyone who has  ever been dumped. Find the remix for this one if you can -- it's great!  While not released as a single, &quot;Shopping&quot; is one of my favorite  PSB songs ever. The lyrics are clever, the beat and programming hook you,  and the refrain is great to yell along with a sneer; it's perfect fodder  for the cynics (or realists) out there. &quot;Rent&quot; is a beautiful,  classic PSB ballad that really touches one's heart and soul if you let it;  this song set a definite standard of excellence. [PSB later allowed Liza  Minnelli to record a version for her collaboration with the Boys (on  Results) that, while good, didn't quite hit this high standard.] &quot;Hit  Music&quot; is a driving dance floor tune that should hit home for the  clubbers and music hounds, taking a PSB patented side-stab at  &quot;popular&quot; music and the club scene. The slow atmospheric ending  is a nice touch -- almost hypnotic. Back to ballad mode, &quot;It Couldn't  Happen Here&quot; is dark, haunting, and plaintive for the soul lost and  searching for love and meaning in this crazy life. &quot;It's a Sin&quot;  is a definite PSB anthem that dominated the airways back in its day.  Auto-biographical for many, this one will move you, if not for the poignant  lyrics, then the beat will surely get you -- or perhaps its both! A huge  single, the remixes of this one are awesome. With its plaintive cry,  &quot;I Want to Wake Up&quot; has a great dance beat, but the lyrics stop  you short and make you reflect -- do you dance, or do give the song a  serious listen? There the boys go again, making you think when you wanna be  dancing. Yet another single (with great remixes), I love &quot;Heart&quot;  and would really enjoy hearing it as an industrial dance tune. With it's  computerized vocal effects and striking strings, Heart is a sure dance  floor filler and upbeat love song for the ages -- dance closely with your  loved one of choice as you sing along. While I commented that  &quot;Rent&quot; is a classic ballad for many, the closing song  &quot;King's Cross&quot; for me is THE defining PSB ballad piece. This one  weighs heavily on my heart and makes me ponder and almost cry as I sing  along. An emotional triumph, I feel cleansed after all the sweat and tears  that have been shed while enjoying monumental release. <br />Having said all  that, it is obvious why I give Actually a strong 5 star rating, and I place  it easily within my top 50 releases of all time. Whether I compare this  release to other PSB releases or simply examine it as a single piece of  euro-pop, Actually stands the test of time as a standard of excellence,  beauty, and sheer enjoyment of music. <br />As a recommendation, I would say  almost everyone should have this release. Admittedly, you have to have some  propensity for euro-pop, dance music, and a desire to actually engage  oneself in the music and lyrics would help as well. Whether an angst-ridden  teenager or acorporate-ladder-climbing yuppie, Actually contains a lot of  classics you'll remember and introduce you to classics you've never heard.  No &quot;Actually&quot; jokes here. This release is the real thing for  those who really enjoy quality music.
6304493681|5.0|Ghost in the Shell is for the most part a stunning piece of animated genius.  The computer effects and animation go together hand in hand seamlessly.  You can never, ever tell the difference between the two.  The  regular animation is a bit lost in frames at some points, but this is very  hard to notice and will be hard to notice by the near end of the  movie.<br />The story is one of the best I've heard for a long time.  Many of  you may disagree, and I find truth in your opinion.  The story is not all  it could have been.  But, you must realize that everyone loves Ninja  Scroll, but it has a worse story than Ghost in the Shell.  Ghost in the  Shell involves a cyborg woman named Motoko Kusanagi (or Major as Batou  refers to her at often times) chasing down the cyber fugitive known as  &quot;The Puppet Master.&quot;  After catching a ghost-hacked garbage man,  Section 9 discovers a run-over cyborg and takes it to the lab.  It is  discovered that this cyborg is the experiment known as &quot;Project  2501.&quot;  Also known as the Puppet Master.  If you'd like to find out  the rest of the story, buy the movie!<br />The DVD is the best format to get  it in, because the amazing visuals are brought to life with the amazing  picture quality.  The movie is amazing, and I recommend it to all fans of  anime.
B000007T1M|5.0|From the moment you buy this CD (or borrow) you are sure to be impressed by the blurb which covers the back.....clearly a group of well defined opinion, something which i find particularly appealing, perhaps stemmed  from the lack of it in alot of music (Hello S Club 7, thats you!) They are  heartfelt and talented throughout this collection of thumping tunes,  however it does the album an injustice to call it a &quot;collection&quot;   as it is clearly well put together and produced, leaving the listener the  habitat for more far reaching thoughts and opinions (grudges? ) And so the  feelings are obvious, many a band have apparent feelings but how many are  capable of reflecting them in their music. This lot certainly are up to  that task. At this point songs such as &quot;Suite-pee&quot; and  &quot;Sugar&quot; come to mind. In these cases the band are up to the best  in terms of note production but it is in &quot;Spiders&quot; and  &quot;Ddevil&quot; where the singers voice is proudly modelled, and what a  voice it is, capable of reaching angry roars but also, often in the same  song or line, beautiful raptuous sounds any critic would sit up and pay  attention to! It is this mixed with talented instrument abuse and  fascinating ideas which makes this Armenian group so engrossing and  enjoyable! Fantastic....a must have!
B00000JCOV|4.0|Now, don't get me wrong, I like yelling in my rock music just as much as the next guy, but &quot;Wait and Bleed&quot; has to be the best track on the album just because the lead singer shows his full singing talents.  It proves you don't have to yell all the time to sell an album.  (Sic) is  another great song (even though the singing is not present) because of it's  totally rocking guitars and vocals.  Surfacing is worth mentioning just  because of it's lyrics.  It's fun to  listen to.  Most of the other songs are easily forgettable, and the album  isn't even close to the import S/T, but it's still a wonderful album if you  like bands such as the earlier Korn.  If you buy it, I guarentee you'd get  more of your money's worth with &quot;S/T,&quot; but this one is still  pretty good.
B00004RF8J|5.0|Everytime I watch this movie I get all of the songs stuck in my head for weeks. That said, I jumped at the chance to snatch this masterpiece up when it came out on DVD --- for the second time. Speaking of, why was the first  release such a disaster and what's this alternate ending? Anyone who can  tell me can e-mail me at Sophisticrat@hotmail.com --- Anyway, I haven't yet  watched all of the special features, but from what I've seen, they've been  put together very nicely. The film is just as great as ever. Seymoure and  Audrey are played out perfectly by Rick Moranis and Ellen Greene (does it  amuse anyone else the two of the major characters - Mushnik and Audrey -  have last names that deal with plants --- Gardenia and Greene?)<br />Well, in  short, the music is great, so is th acting, and the story is so steange you  can't help but love it. This is a must have, unless that alternate endign  really was spectacular...
B00000F1D3|2.0|This is the most boring album of Cher EVER. I used to be a huge fan of hers,but the song 'BELIEVE'is been over played,and NO i dont believe in love after love anymore! Her concert Believe at the MGM Grand otel in Las  Vegas was very dissapointing also,with too many theatrical effects. She  didnt even visit Studio 54! Everyone was waiting there for Miss CHER to  show up after the show,but even all VIP's were dissapointed. Cher has  better work than this album,i have written  lot of reviews,but the were  always positive,but hey mabye her next album just could be another smash  hit,mabye she should retire?<br />from ALTER EGO in Tulsa Oklahoma.
B00000JCOV|1.0|I was curious to see what this band sounded like, considering they looked like a bunch of horror movie rejects.  Contrasting the goofy image they have created for themselves, Slipknot's self-titled album is mediocre  by-the-numbers nu-metal sludge with few distinctive characteristics.  Sure,  the band has a DJ and three percussionists, but neither affect the band's  sound to any great extent.<br />One thing that definitely bug me is that these  guys seem to be quite angry, but not about anything in particular.  It just  seems that they are doing so just because it is allegedly cool to dwell in  negativity.  Whereas a band like Rage Against The Machine has reason and  motivation for their anger, Slipknot's aggression is as contrived as the  band's image.  Also, as with many nu-metal acts, these guys use the same  style of downtuned guitar playing as Korn and Limp Bizkit, and they come  off as not sounding very heavy at all.  The whole album will sound like  kid's stuff once you get into some of the darker underground thrash &amp;  grind metal out there.
0792843584|2.0|Audio Merits:8/10; Video Merits:7/10;Scenario Merits:4/10; Cinematographic Merits:4/10;Overall Artistic Performance:3/10;DVD Extras:5/10; Recording Total Quality:5/10. Professor's Comment:Its unique interesting speciality  is its 219 minutes run time.
0451169514|5.0|Throughout my years as an avid fan of King, I have encountered many people who denounce the quality of his work without reading it on the basis of his reputation as a master of horror.   I cannot deny King's ability to terrify  (In fact, I think, it is a sort of gift); however, I must also acknowledge  a deep sense of spirituality and goodness that prevails in many of King's  works.  Thus, to me, IT is a heartfelt portrait of life itself, mesmerizing  and horrifying, something which demands recognition and is most  successfully confronted with the sort of love that can only be forged from  the truest friendships.  IT teaches that these friendships often change  with time and leave one to rely upon the strength of his memories to muster  up what was once shared, and that such a task is possible if one is able to  give himself over to that childlike state of enchantment that comes  &quot;just after dreaming&quot; (1090).   There is something different for  everyone.  But I strongly encourage all who are open to adventure and  tolerant of some gruesome moments to treasure the genuine beauty that lies  at the heart of King's magical tale.
B00003CWPQ|5.0|I am glad I waited.  There was a time in my life when I would have worried most about who would be willing to see a movie like this in a theater with me, particularly when I had a wife who wouldn't unless it was my birthday  or something. But now I have had the opportunity to obtain my own copy of  the video and view this movie in the privacy of my own room.  To a certain  extent, my reviews tend to rage at the world outside my own four walls, and  I am willing to admit it.  Seeing movies in a theater, I am too likely to  take revenge on the rest of the audience by inserting my own crass laugh  (the stoned laughter near the beginning might have set me off) when a song  like &quot;Kick in the Head&quot; would provide a soundtrack which was more  to my liking.  Speaking of soundtracks, toward the end of the movie, the  theme is just two notes, alternating back and forth in a way that I might  be able to play on the piano if I knew what the notes were.  Having the  videotape and a keyboard, I may be able to figure out how someday. (When  that happens, it should be obvious to everyone that I was the glutton for  whom this particular punishment was prepared.)  At this point, I am more  interested in seeing the movie.  Allow me to say nothing about Cruise,  Kidman, Kubrick, or dreams.  If this movie doesn't make sense as  entertainment, try looking for something a bit more weird, like some  significance, as a philosopher might explore themes in Voltaire's  &quot;Candide.&quot;  The story told by Eyes Wide Shut starts with a social  party scene, in which the limits of social norms are questioned.  After the  party, Dr. Bill and his wife share a joint, a sure sign for me that the  theme is shifting to feelings which society would like to outlaw, has  probably already outlawed, but which will be treated in a way that usually  sets up outlaws to have the kind of popularity that has been achieved in  modern entertainment.  The sexual elements in this movie were mostly  imaginary, in an obsessive and negative way.  Although the fantasies were  suggested by the comments of Dr. Bill's wife after her inhibitions had been  released by whatever she put in the joint, her curiousity about what a  doctor and patient could possibly be thinking when a doctor examines a  beautiful woman cut to the heart of the meaning of sanity, propriety, and  whether Dr. Bill might ever be in danger of getting into any trouble for a  lack of professionalism.  In my own youth, I tried to develop more of an  interest in what Richard Nixon might consider his kind of greatness than in  sex.  If Dr. Bill shows any signs of having some problems, as so many  viewers did, it might be helpful for others to think of this show as an  attempt to explain Tricky Dick and me to the rest of the world.  Does that  help?
630575067X|3.0|The eagerly anticipated Star Wars Episode 1: The Phantom Menace is here. I must say that the special effects and creature design are both very good, especially considering the sequence of the podrace in the Boonta Eve. Then  there's Ewan McGregor for the feminine audience to lust over, and Natalie  Portman for the males. While the young Annakin Skywalker proved himself to  be a good actor, I didn't like him, because he appeared to be too much of a  conceited little brat. Don't even get me started on JarJar Binks...five  consecutive minutes with him in a scene are enough to drive me crazy. I  felt like getting up and walking out of the room or fast-forwarding through  the scenes with him. He tries too much to be funny and doesn't succeed. It  seems that Mr. Lucas has a penchant for being a great visionary of huge  complex worlds and beasts and such, but that's pretty much all there is to  it...I'm terribly sorry to all you Star Wars fans out there but this really  didn't measure up to my expectations...
1567310540|4.0|Doctor No is one of the better Bonds but the ending was quite confusing.  The ending told very little about how Doctor No died, and when he did infact die, I didn't understand why Fleming would kill the bad guy in such  a stupid way.  I thought the squid part was one of the worst because it was  hard to follow and didn't explain the squid's death very well.  There were  parts that I did like, however.  I enjoyed the introduction to Honey Rider  and the dragon part, but I didn't like the fact that Quarrel died.  Despite  some confusing parts, I still consider it one of the better Fleming novels.
6300208699|5.0|Simply: The most consistently funny film ever made.<br />Not So Simply: A tour de force for Peter Sellers who gets to exhibit many of his wonderous talents, playing many parts (many only heard and not seen) while still  capable holding down the Lead Role. No one else would have done this film  justice. It is perfectly made and deserves many repeat viewings.
6305311463|5.0|This is one of my favourite films. I can't see why people don't like it! Ok, the plot isn't a very realistic one, but who cares! It keeps you on the edge of your seat throughout the whole movie. The characters are great, and  by the end of the film you get quite attached to them. The soundtrack is  really cool, as it adds atmosphere to the movie.<br />Compared to films like  Deep Impact this is 100X better! I think people need to see this film as  having great action sequences, good characters, a good soundtrack, all in  all an excellent movie! <br />Don't be so cynical! Enjoy!
0441003257|5.0|I would not reccomend this book to everyone.  If you're easily offended if someone tweaks a belief or two of yours, or if your humor isn't at least a tiny little bit twisted, this book may not be for you.<br />       Otherwise,  however, this is truly a Gem.  The theory behind the story is that the  Antichrist was, rather unfortunately, switched at birth with some other  baby, and so he's spent his life growing up with a family instead of with  Angels and Devils fighting for his attention.  When the time for Armageddon  comes around, he is, needless to say, not ready and not quite willing  either.  Add to this a cast of hilarious side characters (the 4  motorcyclists of the apocalypse, the angel/part time rare book dealer,  Agnes Nutter (witch/prophetess extraordinaire), and Pulsifier Newton  (witchfinder private) to name a few), and you're got yourself a story that  will cause people to stare at you strangely when you suddenly burst out  laughing in a public area.  I heartily reccomend this book to anyone who's  willing to try it.
B000002UA7|5.0|I'll say this shortly and sweetly--The Whole Story is simply one of the finest and most creative batches of music I've ever heard. This is a CD that I can literally listen to every day and not get tired of hearing it.  There's not a bad song on it. It's not that Kate Bush has such an enormous  range or anything, it's just that she's great at what she does--whether  it's soft crooning or &quot;Patty Smith&quot; style screech-singing. My  favorite songs here are Cloudbursting, Breathing, Wow, Hounds of Love, and  Experiment IV. If this CD is representative of Bush's work, then I just  don't think there is anyone else like her.
0688170528|4.0|&quot;The Pact: A Love Story&quot; is an amazing book with so many layers.  The main story of young love is easily thought of as the binding force, but I think the story of these two families is the real heart and soul of  this novel.  These two families have shared everything, been everything to  eachother and in one night all their hopes are dreams are crushed.  A  friendship cannot withstand the heartbreak and deception that is told in  this story.  There is only so much that people can take before they crack.   <br />This book is amazingly powerful, emotional and thought provoking.  I was  completely transfixed and engrossed in this story of young love and loss.   It's a wonderful book!
B0000027I6|5.0|If you like the final cut, do not hesitate to buy this one... it will open your mind. Earphones, something to smoke and this album is all you need to have a great evening...i swear.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Its so good to see Dickinson back with the band. This album sounds as if Dickinson never left. It picks up with the usual dramatic flair that has always been Maidens signature. The album starts out with the blistering,  insanely catchy, balls-out rocker &quot;Wicker Man&quot;, and doesn't let  up. The usual formula is still present, featuring straightforward rockers  and songs that alternate between restrained verses and explosive choruses.  Dickinson is top form, as are the other members (esp. Nicko on drums, who  turns in an astonishing performance). Hail Maiden! Welcome back Bruce!
B00003W8NM|5.0|...watch it again. The pivotal plot twist (after the Sixth Sense  twist-wasn't 99 a good year for being surprised in the theater again?)  struck me as ridiculous the first time because I had bought the movie's  apparent reality and the revelation seemed to defy logic. Then I saw it  again and realized that the filmakers are TELLING you the surprise all  along, and that the twist DOES make sense, you just can't read everything  that happens on screen as literal. If you haven't seen it yet, rent or buy  it in a fashion that you can watch it twice before you have to return it.  Great movie!
B000008DA5|5.0|Both of these Albums had very beautifull harmanies, and wonderfull sining. But once you listen to both of theses cd's you will realize one thing. I miss there older beach and surf music. I bought this cd and it is a great  cd, but after i listen to it i have to listen to there older music right  after it because u learn to love the new style, but you miss there old  music.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|Who the hell is this chic anyway. This album is horrible &quot;If you had my love&quot; is a good track but in Jennifer's case it could have been sung by a real artist. She really wants to blow. She should stick to trying  to be an actor. i saw her on Letterman and i almost had a heart attack  after hearing her. She sounds terrible. Jennifer, not everyone can sing  baby. And she got nerve to diss other people in the industry.
B00003CXDU|4.0|I went into this movie unwillingly, determined not to enjoy it.  Within the first twenty minutes I was laughing out loud.  This movie doesn't take a low IQ to enjoy as was stated in the other reviews.  (Besides the fact  that anyone judging other peoples' IQs had better learn how to spell the  word ridiculous correctly.)  On the contrary, it takes a desire to have a  good time and enjoy yourself.  I found Galaxy Quest to be a highly  entertaining movie.
6301942647|5.0|This is possibly my favorite film, and without a doubt has the most amazing cinematography in history.  DO NOT make this the first Kurosawa film you see!  You won't understand!
B000002KDO|5.0|...but, still it shines.  The third studio release by the band that started it all, &quot;Master of Reality&quot; is the second-best of the first six releases of the Ozzy era.  The especially sludgy &quot;Sweet  Leaf&quot; and the gutsy &quot;Children of the Grave&quot; are probably the  two songs that come readily to mind when your friend asks you about this  album, but a few others cannot be ignored.<br />&quot;After Forever&quot;  somehow managed to land the Sabs in a blasphemy controversy, which is  understandable because the common zealot will always typecast a band by its  name if not by their debut album.  So what if the song praises God to high  heaven?  I know many of my friends don't care; they have an axe to grind  with Black Sabbath for some reason, and they blatantly ignore any attempt  on my part to set them straight, but...ah, well...  My only problem with  the song is that it is incredibly out-of-character with Sabbath.   Otherwise, the rhythm is great.<br />&quot;Lord of This World&quot; is a track  along the same lines of the previous song, but is told from Satan's point  of view.  Again, because of the reputation Black Sabbath earned, my friends  ignore this song completely when bashing my favorite band.  It's probably  because they don't want to hear about the hypocrisy of Man from an  &quot;evil&quot; band.<br />&quot;Solitude&quot; is an eight-minute love song  that transcends the norm by being incredibly depressing and melancholy.   Bill Ward does a nice job on vocals, and the flute effects don't detract  from the song.<br />As a whole, &quot;Master of Reality&quot; is a great third  release, and even if it is odd for Black Sabbath to write &quot;holy&quot;  (but from whose point of view?) material, the album still rocks.
6301599411|3.0|Ten years ago I found this video to be almost invalid with no supporting documents. Being a scientist, supporting documents are important. However, years later having read the book of Enoch, the lost books of the bible, and  The Gospel of Thomas, this video gives new meaning. The Chariots of the  Gods'video with other documents have triggered me to further explore the  truth of man as defined by God.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Iron Maiden has proved once again that they are the masters of their craft. Second to none!<BR> <BR> Signed, <BR> Riley G <BR> International President <BR> Blood Brothers MC
6301599411|3.0|Ten years ago I found this video to be almost invalid with no supporting documents. Being a scientist, supporting documents are important. However, years later having read the book of Enoch, the lost books of the bible, and  The Gospel of Thomas, this video gives new meaning. The Chariots of the  Gods'video with other documents have triggered me to further explore the  truth of man as defined by God.
B00004STPT|4.0|Although I thought the music for the film was great and Garrards vocals added much to the film, I was disappointed that Vangelis wasn't used in this film.  He did the music for Scott's Blade Runner and it has  extrordinary impact.  Vangelis's score for Hughs Chariots of Fire was  amazing.  But Hans Zimmer and Garrard just didn't hit me as much at I  thought it would.  I liked it but Vangelis could have made a greater impact  on the film with his style and Scott's filming dynamic they would have gone  hand in hand.  I can only imagine the whole movie re-done with a Vangelis  score.  Come on Ridley.
B00004T9UF|4.0|I've been with Eminem since the Slim Shady EP came out. Then the LP came out and he blows up. I say congrats to Em! I'm really glad to see a great lyricist in the mainstream. ..., it's good to see creativity in the business. Take  &quot;Stan&quot;. Trust me, you'll NEVER hear a song this beautiful and  original EVER. And he has those harder songs, &quot;Kill You&quot;,  &quot;Criminal&quot;, &quot;Remember Me?&quot;. Just about everything in  here's gold. The only tracks I would skip during a listen to this is  &quot;Amityville&quot; (featuring the medicore, Bizarre) and &quot;Drug  Ballad&quot; (Not as original as we expect from him) But, BUY THIS ALBUM.  Pretty amazing.ds want to be  like him.  His brutally honest &quot;Drug Ballad&quot; showcases his once  back-and-forth relationship with drugs and their brutal effects.  Two of  the biggest standouts on the album are &quot;Stan&quot; and  &quot;Kim.&quot;  &quot;Stan&quot; illustrates the issue of fan-obsession  and its extremes.  The song soars with backing vocals by Dido, making it  even more captivating.  &quot;Kim&quot; is oddly gripping and emotionally  exhausting--its haunting melody and lyrics paint a picture of the darker  side of a relationship gone too far.  Eminem wildly wavers between hate,  love, dispair, and hope before ending the song with the utmost tragedy.   Eminem's writing skills are amazing--his ability to tell stories conjure up  disturbing mental images as he journeys to the dark side of life.   Definitely not for the easily offended, Eminem will make you laugh, think,  and hit the &quot;repeat&quot; button on your CD player.  This album is  worth buying and listening.
0790737914|5.0|I remember the first time I saw L.A.Confidential.  It was in a fifty year old renovated theater and it was a perfect setting for this period piece.  I remember sitting through the credits unwilling to let go of the  characters, they had gotten inside my head to a degree that I could not  fully grasp at the time. Since then, I have read the book, bought the audio  tape and watched the video many times. Originally all the performances  seemed to stand out but after about ten viewings none stand out more than  Russell Crowe's Bud White.  I find it interesting that Mr. Crowe has  brought up Bud White several times while he was being interviewed about  other films. He even said in one interview that he wished he could do Bud  as a older man, that he would like to see where he goes with his life. This  tough, complex character seems to be one of those film personas that take  on a life of it's own. L.A.Confidential is one of those films that are not  financial successes at the time of release but that people will be talking  about for many years in the future.
0887307280|4.0|This book deserves 7 stars for pointing out the fallacies of how most entrepreneurs operate.  The book deserves 1 star for proposing a standard that most people cannot hope to meet and then pushing to sell you  consulting services.  Pay attention to the former, and go light on the  latter.<br />Gerber is correct that most entrepreneurs are limited by a  comfort zone of wanting to remain in control as either strong technicians  or managers, which limits the potential of the business.  As soon as they  exceed what they can handle, the business either fails in a break-out  attempt or shrinks back to a simpler state.  The new businesses that  succeed the most are the ones that have a business model that is easy to  replicate with ordinary people.<br />Where Gerber goes wrong is in  suggesting that many people can develop such business models.  I regularly  study the top 100 CEOs in the country for stock-price growth, and few of  them think they can develop a new business model.  Why should someone  starting up a new company be likely to do better than that?  They won't.  In fact, I have a friend who attempted to start a new business following  Gerber's principles and almost failed before he adjusted to normal  operating approaches.  He spent so much time developing his business model,  that he never got around to operating it.<br />Gerber's three favorite  examples are McDonald's, Disney, and Fed Ex.  Notice that two of the three  got most of their ideas from someone else for the business model (Ray Kroc  from the McDonald brothers in San Bernardino, California and Fred Smith  from an Indian air freight operation).<br />I think there is another fallacy  here:  You can get ordinary people to do simple things (deliver packages,  cook and deliver cheap hamburgers, and smile at people on automated rides).  But in many businesses the demands of the market are extraordinary such as  in many technological product businesses and services.  Microsoft has a  business model, but it is not one that Gerber would recognize.<br />Finally,  he condemns people who want to operate their business as a job by being  technically expert.  Where would we be if people never did that?  What if  Peter Drucker spent all of his time developing business systems to make  pizzas and tacos rather than writing business books about management?  What  if great musicians developed business models for teaching children to play  the violin and piano rather than performing?  In other words, there is room  and a need for extraordinarily able one-person companies run by  technicians.<br />Skip the pitch for the consulting services at the end.  You'll like the book better if you do.<br />But don't let my quibbles keep you  as an entrepreneur from failing to appreciate the excellent case Gerber  makes for having a business model as soon as possible, and working  systematically to improve it.  If you can do that, you may well develop a  true irresistible growth enterprise.ut it is not one that Gerber would recognize.<br />Finally,  he condemns people who want to operate their business as a job by being  technically expert.  Where would we be if people never did that?  What if  Peter Drucker spent all of his time developing business systems to make  pizzas and tacos rather than writing business books about management?  What  if great musicians developed business models for teaching children to play  the violin and piano rather than performing?  In other words, there is room  and a need for extraordinarily able one-person companies run by  technicians.  <br />Skip the pitch for the consulting services at the end.   You'll like the book better if you do.<br />But don't let my quibbles keep you  as an entrepreneur from failing to appreciate the excellent case Gerber  makes for having a business model as soon as possible, and working  systematically to improve it.  If you can do that, you may well develop a  true irresistible growth enterprise.
B00004TLMC|1.0|I want you to know that I admire Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidmans work  together. Films such as 'Days of thunder' and 'Far and away', were top  notch performances by the two actors. 'Eyes wide shut', was just utter  trash. Dont be deceived by the rumours floating around that this is a  number 1 hit. The whole movie was a mess and its hard to keep your EYES  WIDE OPEN during this movie.
0767830555|5.0|Travis Bickel's interests include procuring and stockpiling weapons and firearms, shaving his head, stalking women, and taking dates to porno movies....he's your everyday average guy.  Taxi Driver is more than a  little rough around the edges, although it is leaps and bounds better than  Mean Streets.  The film has an urban feel and Scorcese truly captures the  essence of the city through magnificent cinematography.  However, De Niro  is a master at grasping the audiences attention and not letting go.  You  never really know what Bickel is going to do next, he is a loose cannon in  a dangerous urban jungle.  Travis Bickel is every American's nightmare and  wet dream rolled up into one.  This movie requires repeated viewing, but I  will say this, Taxi Driver has one of the most memorable endings that you  will ever witness.  Happy Viewing!  P.S. This movie has warped my fragile  little mind!
6305014140|5.0|If you are looking for a japanese animation film w/o all the sensless death(although there is quite a bit)and an actual storyline this is it. It focouses on a wandering ninja Jubei. He is a calm, cool-tempered man who  only fights when he has to. The other main character is a female ninja who  poisens anyone who sleeps with her. Together they embark on a journey of  love, action and suspence. This movie has nudity(although not excessive)  and a lot of gory violence(not sensless violence, but when there is, it's  gory) and the best japanese animation I have ever seen. If you want a  violent japanimation with an exellent storyline, pick this up immediatly!
B000002IOW|2.0|Anyone who puts Presto among Rush's greatest albums is obviously not a Rush fan.  This CD just plain stinks.  Show don't tell is the only good song on the album.  I can't believe that this is the same band that made  Hemispheres, A Farewell to Kings, Signals, Permanent Waves, and 2112.  Avoid this and Roll the Bones like the plague, they are pure garbage.
6305627347|5.0|If you have not heard of South Park, you must be from another planet. Cartman, Kyle, Kenny and Stan are the coolest dudes around on TV and now on the big screen!<br />Well, I suppose the boys have gone just a little bit too  far this time. When they saw the full-of-swearing Terrane and Philip movie,  they become bad-mouthed boys and cause a war! Uh-oh is right indeed.<br />If  you are regilous or Canadian and you are sensitive to your feelings, don't  see this! But anynother people out there who are looking for a cool,  hilarious and unforgettable animated feature film, see this by all means!
0553328255|5.0|What can I say about Holmes? I discovered him when I was seven, a bit too young, but I enjoyed his tales greatly for years and considered myself something of an expert by the time I was eleven (my brother and I would  play Holmes trivia games.) I became deeply obsessed with Holmes at age 13,  and at almost 21 he's still my favourite fictional character all in all.  And yet, I can't quite consider him fictional. I was fortunate enough to  visit the Reichenbach Falls in Switzerland last month and I felt as though  I were visiting a place where something real and of great importance  involving Holmes had taken place. I had the same feeling repeatedly when I  visited London a few years ago and walked in Holmes's footsteps. Why is he  so real to me and many others? You have to read the stories to find out.  The legend of Sherlock Holmes has taken on dimensions far beyond the  original tales, and some people, like Jeremy Brett (an actor) and Laurie  King (an author) have done marvelous things with him, but Doyle's originals  are the real thing. The stories are marvelous, charming, frightening, often  improbable but almost always compelling. Read stories like &quot;The  Red-Headed League,&quot; &quot;The Speckled Band,&quot; &quot;The Norwood  Builder&quot; and &quot;The Devil's Foot&quot; for both character and plot.  Professor Moriarty is truly spine-chilling, and Watson is wonderful, the  kind of friend everyone wants: incredibly supportive, helpful, and quite  intelligent (NOT dumb, except occasionally when compared with Holmes!) But  Holmes sits in the spotlight. He's completely unforgettable; brilliant,  hard to get along with, adorably untidy (at least his room) and eccentric.  Somehow, you have to love him though he wouldn't be an easy friend. And the  one-liners! &quot;The game is afoot;&quot; &quot;The curious incident of  the dog who did nothing in the night-time;&quot; &quot;Watson, you may not  be luminous in yourself, but you are a conductor of light.&quot; Iwon't  say that these are the greatest works of literature ever, or that they are  the most profound. But there's something about Holmes that has captured the  imagination of millions ever since he was created, and I don't think it was  just a fluke. A reviewer said of Vikram Seth's Suitable Boy that &quot;it  will keep you company for the rest of your life.&quot; The same is  entirely, gloriously true of The Complete Sherlock Holmes.
B00000099Y|5.0|This album is absolutely incredible.  Maynerd hasn't lost a step since Undertow and even advanced a few for his newest project, A Perfect Circle.  But AEnima is without a doubt the best work of his that I heard.  Songs  like Stinkfist, Jimmy and Third Eye make a lasting statement, and the  eurythmic sounds of the guitar will leave the tune inside your head to the  point that you have to relisten to the song.  If are a fan like me, you  have to check out Maynard Keenen's newest project, A Perfect Circle - Mer  De Noms which include more mellow songs, unlike the first records.
6304711891|5.0|The Rock, as others have said is about a guy holding 81 civilians hostage on Alcatraz, threatening to bomb San Fransisco unless a group of soldiers killed under his command are recognized.  A group of Navy SEALs, a  biochemist, and the only man who has ever escaped from Alcatraz are sent to  diffuse the bombs.  The whole group of Navy SEALs are killed, leaving only  the biochemist (Nicholas Cage) and the escaped convict (Sean Connery).   Through the next hour or so, they run around Alcatraz escaping from the  marines under the guy holding the hostages and trying to find and diffuse  all 15 bombs containing a deadly gas.  There's alot of action and is pretty  entertaining.  Of course, something like this could never happen, and you  have to wonder how Cage and Connery lived through some of those explosions,  but The Rock is still a really great movie.  There's a few funny parts,  like with the stylist obsessed with hair, and Connery's character's  cynicalness (I don't think that's a word).  Buy this movie, it's really  great.
0679720200|2.0|I thought that the book The Stranger was a book that could have been better.  The book was not suspensful, and I really did not enjoy it.  It had no climax, almost no plot, and the action was not built up at all.   However, in this book, the author Albert Camus makes a few good points  about our society.   The book started with the death of the main  character Meursault's mother.  Meursault went to her funeral, which was at  the nursing home in which she lived.  He showed no signs of sorrow over his  mother's death, and even fell asleep during her vigil.   When Meursault  returned home he concluded that \\"really, nothing in his life had changed.\\"     The next day Meursault went to his neighbor Raymond's house for  dinner.  Raymond was a pimp, although he told people that he was a  \\"warehouse guard.\\"  Raymond explained to Meursault the problem that he was  having with a girlfriend of his who he said \\"did him dirty.\\"  He asked  Meursault to help him out with his problem, and when Meursault said yes,  Raymond stated that he considered them pals.   Meursault's life went on,  with nothing eventful happening until Raymond invited Meursault and Marie,  Raymond's girlfriend who was considering marriage between the couple, to  his friend Masson's bungalow.  Meursault accepted the invitation, and went  to the bungalow.  However, right before they left, Raymond informed  Meursault of a group of Arabs that had been following him ever since he had  tried to resolve the conflict with his ex-girlfriend.  The Arabs followed  them to the bungalow, and through a series of complications, Meursault  ended up shooting and killing one of the Arabs.  The rest of the book is  about Meursault's time in jail, and his court hearing, in which he is  sentenced to the guillotine, and his reaction afterwards.  Although I  don't think The Stranger was a good book, I can make one positive  observation about it.  The author, Albert Camus, did a good job in this  book of using indirect characterization.  He did not tell us that Meursault  was a man of little or no feelings, but left us to figure it out for  ourselves.  As the book moved on, we became more and more aware of the fact  that Meursault was a shy, quiet, disturbed character.   I stress the  fact that I have several legitimate criticisms of this book.  First, the  book didn't really have a plot.  It did have a series of events, each  related to the next, but the plot was not built upon itself. This relates  to my other point, which is that the highest point of drama, the climax,  was not near the end of the book where it should have been, but in the  middle of the book, making the ending long and drawn-out.    I think  that the theme of this book was that everyone should enjoy life.  Don't  take it for granted, every new day could bring something unexpected.  No  one should go through life as Meursault did, lazily, boringly, lifelessly,  and blankly.  We should get out, enjoy life, and make the best of it.  This  may be what Albert Camus is trying to tell us in his book.  The tone that  Albert Camus took in this book was one of pity and shame.  The author  pitied the way Meursault went through life, and he was ashamed of it.  By  taking this tone, Camus was able to make us aware of the theme of the book.    In this book, Meursault symbolized many people in life today for two  reasons.  First, many people take life for granted, just as Meursault did.   Also, they don't take any pride in anything that they do.  Second,  Meursault committed a \\"pointless crime\\" for apparently no reason at all.   Many people today are guilty of those same pointless crimes.    All in  all, this was a fair book.  I did not enjoy it, but if you read between the  lines like I did, you can see that Camus is trying to give us a few  important messages.  However, the book was written in 154 pages when it  could have been written in 80 and been just as good.
0792833236|5.0|Psychotic, wife beating, overeating, paranoid freak...but damn he can box!  Robert De Niro gives a career defining performance as the legendary Jake LaMotta.  He plays LaMotta to pure perfection as a violent lout who belongs  in a cage, not in a ring.  Scorsece directing Raging Bull is a lot like  Jordan and the NBA championship, they just fit.  Black and white  photography, as well as the engaging score add to the lore of this film.  This was, is, and always will be the BEST boxing movie of all time.
0780627024|5.0|The first time I saw this, I hated it. But when I saw the trailer on Saturn, I decided to give it another go. I was very impressed the second time round. Pleasantville has a perfect cast, a great director and an  awesome screenplay. One of the highlights of 1999!<br />The clever movie has  the amazing mix of colour and black and white. The writers, the director,  the cast, the production designers all did a great job!<br />David (Tobey  Maguire) is a 17 year old boy who can't get enough of the old black and  white TV Show 'Pleasantville'. This week, the Pleasantville marathon is on,  and he is desperate to watch it. But that is a total problem for Jennifer  (Reese Witherspoon), his rock-crazy sister who has a date and wants to use  the couch and the YTV. All is SWELL - until they fight over the remote  control and get sent into Pleasantville, will they ever get out? And is  there life beyond black and white? Not telling - you'll just have to see  it!
B00000HZFH|5.0|I can't believe the review under, &quot;What the critics say.&quot;  The reviewer is Paul Rees, and he pans Keep it Like a Secret.  From the tone of the review it's almost like he has a vendetta, or something.  Absolutely do  not listen to his review.  This album is just extraordinary.  Every single  song is brilliant.  The songs are catchy, but they're also the kind that  reveal much more after many listens.  Any rock music fan would be pleased  with this album, from fans of indie type music to classic rock fans.
B00003OSSM|2.0|I am a fan of Harrison Ford.  No matter how talented an actor is...they can not save a movie with a bad story.   The whole story behind Random Hearts is totally unbelievable.  The chemistry between Harrison and Kristin  Scott Thomas just does not work.  I was highly disappointed by this movie.   Unless you are a diehard Harrision Ford fan and you want this to add to  your collection.....Rent this first!
6305750750|5.0|The Phantom Menace is awesome. When Episodes II and III are released, everyone will go back and watch The Phantom Menace with &quot;new&quot; eyes. You'll see. I recommend the  Widescreen Edition Boxed Set!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This is a great CD, period!  4-5 stars, there seems to be no disputing that, but this is more in line with the style of X factor/Virtual XI, not Powerslave.  It isn't as dark and perhaps that's the Bruce/Adrian  influence.  So perhaps we should take second looks at X factor and Virtual  XI (yes, some songs just repeat).  They are good albums (esp X factor) that  seem to have been dismissed because Blaze is the singer.
B00004SCX6|4.0|While the title song left something to be desired, I found this cd to be a good listen.  I was totally delighted at the hearing of &quot;I Can't Get No Satisfaction&quot; which came off suprisingly well because there was no attempt to try to merely cover this song, but to totally reinterpretate  it.  The song is totally Britney in this incarnation.<br />While this cd  sounds much like it's predessor, that is not a bad thing.  For those who  could not get enough of Britney the first time around they will find this a  welcome arrival, and still this cd has Britney's signature vocal style.
630518299X|4.0|The Truman Show is a well-written clever film that mixes the rare genre of drama, comedy and heart-breaking tragedy. The acting is excellent, especially from the outstanding Ed Harris and the cool Jim Carrey.<br />Truman  Burbank (Carrey) is a happy go-lucky desk worker with no problems. Yet does  he know it, but he is been watched by millions around the world - his life  is a TV Show and all the people around him are actors. Finally, Truman  finds out and decides to escape. But the director (Harris), has full  control over the weather and himself.<br />See this clever movie if your  looking for a smart comedy - you'll adore it, love it and treasure it!
B00004T9UF|5.0|This album is disgusting and hilarious at the same time! Here is a short summary on all my favorites: Kill You-Eminem was explaining how his mother told him that is father was evil and crazy, but when he grew up, he  realized his mother is the crazy one. Stan-An obsessed fan, writing letters  to Eminem, goes off, gets drunk, puts his pregnant girlfriend alive in the  trunk and drives off a bridge into a river just because Eminem wouldn't  write him back. When Eminem finally does write back, he mentions something  he saw on the news and realizes that that was his obsessed fan, Stan. The  Real Slim Shady-The biggest hit on the album, Marshall Mathers is just  trying to say that even the people who walk, talk, and dress like him are  just imatations, and that there is only one REAL Slim Shady.  Marshall  Mathers-A tribute to the boy/girl groups he loves to hate, such as Britney  Spears, N'SYNC, Christina Aguilera, Jennifer Lopez, LFO, and others. Under  The Influence- Just a funny tune. To tell you the truth, I don't know what  this one means. Criminal-Here, Eminem is saying that if offending people  and rapping about drugs and sex was a crime, he'd be a criminal. The reason  why Eminem is one of my favorite rappers is because he's not afraid to  express his inner feelings. He doesn't care about a critic's opinion or a  Grammy, he's just trying to tell people how he thinks, no matter how  screwed-up it is. In my opinion, I think Eminem has really matured a lot  since The Slim Shady LP. This album is a lot better than The Slim Shady LP,  and that album is hard to top. I must warn everyone that if you take  everything seriously or are easily offended, do NOT buy this album.  Otherwise, I think everyone should buy this. This album proves that Eminem  really IS the real Slim Shady
B00001ZSZX|4.0|I've read an opinion UH without Byron couldn't release such as powerful albums as with him. I don't want to argue, just have a look on album covers and see who composed most materials for UH brilliant albums.  In my humble  opinion Firefly is the best post-Byron era album. It is much more better  then, say, Innocent Victim, High and Mighty, Fallen Angel or Conquest. Yes,  both organ sound and vocal are different, but not worse than before. But,  anyway, it is good old Uriah! The title song is classical final UH one,  long and epic, with strong melodies and good composition. Wise Man is  wonderful ballad. The rest of songs aren't bad as well.  Finally, Firefly  isn't a brilliant like Demons... or Birthday..., but it has a real UH  spirit. Buy it!
B00004RHZU|5.0|This entire disc is excellent and it proves that R&amp;B/hip-hop newcomer Pink will have a bright, successful future! Whether you are a pop, R&amp;B, hip-hop, soul or jazz lover, you will find at least a couple songs on this  CD you will fall in love with. Me; I especially enjoy &quot;Split  Personality&quot; because it's so insane and shows the real side of Pink. I  also constantly listen to &quot;Most Girls&quot; because the song has a  strong hook and bouncy beat, &quot;Hiccup&quot; because it's so catchy  you'll never get that song out of your head and &quot;Is It Love&quot;  because it may seem like a mushy, sugar-coated love song but instead talks  about cursed love, losing one's virginity, hatrid and opening up. This is  actually the first CD I've bought in a while that I listen to from  beginning to end. Overall, if you enjoy the current explosion of R&amp;B  with a major pop flavor then you can definately get into Pink. Kudos to  &quot;There You Go&quot; for being such a non-stop hit!
B000002UJQ|5.0|Geez, where should I begin...I'm not going to tell you how &quot;great&quot; this album is..or &quot;you should run out and get it now&quot; kinda thing. Let's face it, that's pretty boring stuff. <br />I will  tell you about the content of this album and if you are curious about this  band (not sure where to start?)  how this album compares to their prior  work. Since each one of their albums is distinct in its own way.<br />'OK  computer' is an album that is not going to be immediately loved. Meaning,  it's not the kind of album you put on and casually listen to. (Not for the  sunny afternoon drive to the beach with friends thing). It is a thinking  album and certainly NOT made for backround music. WOW! but isn't that  refreshing? Each time you listen to this album, more catches your  ear...Ahh..the mark of good music.<br />'The Bends' a great second album..I  often find myself torn deciding which one I like greater. 'OK computer' or  this one. Then I realize I have &quot;freedom of choice&quot; and can love  both. This is the more radio-friendly CD. Moderate and fabulous, it shows  the band's growth and potential for great things to come. <br />'Pablo  Honey'..what can I say? Not my most favorite album. Here the band is a  little rough around the edges, they seem to be experimenting with different  sounds. Still they manage to create a ear friendly listening.  If you are  just going to get it for 'Creep'..sigh...you could, but they are so much  better than that. Besides, isn't that whole angst thing getting bit old..I  think it died with Cobain. Good riddance.
0805062971|5.0|The first thing about this book. You do not talk about this book.<br />This book so candidly and viciously rips into the fleshly confusion of white male psychology, American sociology, and the conception of what is  self-image. It's brutal, it's funny, it's twisted and it gets under your  skin from the first line. This is truly what pulp fiction is. It's that  trash cult pop culture masterpiece that bites at the ankles of all things  superficially and screwed up in this Americana of consumer reality. It's  got this manic burst of energy and is about as exciting and scary as a  nervous breakdown--one would assume.
B00000K31Q|5.0|I wasn't really that interested in this film, but I saw it and I loved it. The cast is cute and perfectly fits, the story is funny, charming and cute and the directing is good, too!<br />Julia Stiles is perfect as Kat, a teenage  rebel who is like, totally not IN!  That is not good for her adored sister  Bianca (Larisa Oleynik) as Kat and Bianca's dad is very strict. When Bianca  wants to go out with the new boy in school (Jospeh Gordon-Levitt), she must  get Kat to date in order for her father to be happy. The closest thing to  Kat's perfection is Patrick (Heath Ledger), who is a money-hungry, cigar  smoking rebel. But he may just be Kat's cup of tea.<br />You'll love this  movie - it rules!
B000002AV5|5.0|The fact that Sade became such a major musical presence with only four albums recorded in a span of eight years is proof enough of her style and innovation, and this compilation picks the jewels from her musical crown.   Worldwide smashes like &quot;Smooth Operator&quot; and &quot;The Sweetest  Taboo&quot; broke genre barriers in half upon their release, boldly  bringing Bossa Nova stylings to Top 40 radio...years later the tracks still  intoxicate and stand out as great innovations.  &quot;Love is Stronger than  Pride&quot; and the deliciously torchy &quot;Is it a Crime&quot; are still  among her finest moments, and &quot;No Ordinary Love&quot; and &quot;Kiss  of Life&quot; proved that a firmer rhythmic backdrop was just as  complementary to her vocals as anything.  Another treat is the inclusion of  her stunning rendition of Curtis Mayfield's &quot;Please Send Me Someone to  Love&quot; from the &quot;Philadelphia&quot; soundtrack.<br />Throughout the  project we're reminded that one of the most drop-dead gorgeous,  spellbinding voices in contemporary music belongs to Sade Adu.  And when it  comes to seductions of the candelight and wine variety, forget mix tapes:  Sade's silky vocal stylings and the music's exotic, seductive rhythms are  all the aural aphrodisiac anyone could ever need.  Now if only she'd stop  making us wait so many years between new releases...
B00004RFCM|3.0|I really enjoyed this movie, although it is not aired in Japan yet. However I found one flaw in this DVD. As I watched this DVD on my 32-inch TV monitor, I noticed the image quality is so poor that I thought I was  watching VHS tape recordings.  I think this needs improvement.
0812589041|5.0|Enders Game I had to read for a Creative Writing class for my college class.  I found it inspirational and uplifting.  The ways he incorporated the main charactor amongst all that was going around him was astounding.  I  found it very very cool.       The book itself is a genre that I love  reading and writing about.  I've been published three times and I see Orson  Scott Card almost as  a role model all because of the technique he uses to  write his books.  It make me want to scream out &quot;YES!&quot;
B000002UB6|3.0|&quot;Let It Be&quot; is a really sad album. The guys thought this would be thier last record before splitting up for good. Tons of problems were occuring at this time, Ringo was feeling left out, Paul felt like he was  being controlled by John and Yoko, George was upset about only having a  couple of songs on an album, and John was upset that no one was listening  to him and Yoko. They tried to crank out this album before they split up  and it shows! All the songs show the depressing feeling that they were all  feeling at this time. There are some good songs that appear on the album  though... like &quot;One After 909&quot;, which is good, but I like the  1963 version that appears on &quot;Anthology 1&quot; better. If you like  those happy Beatle love songs and exciting rock songs that you always hear  about... this isn't the album for you. I would go for some of the real  early albums like &quot;Please Please Me&quot; or &quot;A Hard Day's  Night&quot;.
B0000041Q3|4.0|This performance of Turandot, dating from 1972 presents a number of great singers on peak form. Especially Pavarotti's performance has been widely praised. Indeed it is a vocal very secure Pavarotti with a very pure and  focused tone presented here as Calaf. Where he falls short, however, is in  terms of interpretation and fulness of voice. Here I find both Carreras and  Domingo much more committed and inspired. Domingo is at his best in the  video-issue from DG with Levine and Marton. Never has &quot;non piangere  Liu&quot; been sung with greater power, feeling and conviction. Still, it  is one of the best contributions to Pavarotti's art and is indispensable to  any fan of his. Another problem in the cast is that of Sutherlands  Turandot. Although se is far better than I would have expected her to be,  she still does not have the Icy qualities of both Nilsson and Caball. In  my opinion Caball is the best Turandot in a complete recording on CD  (EMI/lombard), but having said that, I am very pleased to have her Liu on  this set. As the poor and brokenhearted slave-girl she is simply nothing  short of magnificient, and remains unsurpassed in this role for her  involvement, phrasing and unique long-breathed legato. Having sung both Liu  and Turandot to perfection as she has is deeply admirable, and clearly  shows her versatility as a singer. Another role sung to perfection here is  the smaller and often overlooked role of Timur. It is undertaken by no  other than Nicolai Ghiaurov. Although this is a minor role he gives us  nothing less than his very best. Never have I heard Timur's lines sung with  such impact and feeling. Timurs grief in the 3rd act as Liu dies becomes  very powerful and deeply moving in the hands of Ghiaurov. This is perhaps  the most beautiful music Puccini ever wrote, and it deserves only the best.  Why is this so often overlooked? Zubin Metha gives a really inspiring  performance, and the music is at all times well-paced. He does not,  however,provide the white heat of Levine in the DG video-issue with  Domingo and Marton. Despite my reservations, this is still the best on CD  available.
0783244320|5.0|It's become one of my all-time-favorite. And I must tell you, without sounding conceited, that I have more than low IQ, as opposed to one of the reviewers' comment. I enjoyed it like a little kid; actually I have become  a kid all over again. It s a wonderful story for the entire family.<br /> As  for Alvin D. Lewis, just keep watching &quot;Who wants to be a  Millionaire&quot;. It's a lot of &quot;fun&quot;, besides someday you might  become one. LOL!  In the meantime miss all the good, lovely little movies  that bring joy and laughter in your meaningless, petty life. And I'm not  kidding! You can learn a lot more from books, and browsing the Internet  than from &quot;Who wants to be a millionaire&quot;. By the way, I like  Regis and his show a lot. It's very good. But...<br />If something is silly,  it's not necessarily stupid. Yes, it is a silly movie, but funny, enjoyable  with great characters. It has all the ingredients that make up a good  motion picture. Well written story line, I'm a writer too, rolling actions  that ultimately lead to the final showdown, and the glorious victory of the  &quot;actor-astronaut&quot; team. Lovely, silly alieans, who though  misinterpreted the TV signals, turned out to be brave and victorious in the  end too, in a way that they didn't need the Commander and his crew's help  anymore.<br />The visual effects were fantastic too, much better than one  could expect from a comedy movie. ILM has done yet an other excellent work.  Most of the effects were more eye-catching than in some hit sci-fi movies.  The cast was marvelous, especially the three lead characters, Tim Allen,  Sigourney( oh, I just love her), and Alan Rickman, whom by the way I have  never seen in a comedy before. (I might have missed it). And of course,  Methasar... Don't you just adore him? I can't see how one could not like  him. <br />All in all, it is an enjoyable, loveble, funny little movie, yes,  for future generations too! Two thumbs up, but only because I don't have  more than that. If I had four, then I would say: Ten Thumbs Up! Whatever  anybody says, &quot;Never give up! Never surrender!&quot; IT IS(! ) A  GREAT FILM!
0792845684|2.0|Escape From New York just didn't connect with me.  I'm not even sure why the film is a cult classic in the first place.  It does have an interesting plot but it's mostly wasted by director John Carpenter.  If only the film  had been directed by James Cameron (or, hey, even Michael Bay) it might  have come off as a fun or exciting action/adventure.  With Carpenter's  vision it's bleak, dark, and just too slow paced.<br />In the year 1997, New  York has become a prison.  A wall has been built around Manhattan that  prevents escape.  Unfortunately, Air Force One crashes and the President  (Donald Pleasance) becomes a hostage to the gangs of New York.  Snake  Plissken (Kurt Russell) is a criminal who has just been offered a deal.  If  he gets the president out, he will be free and dismissed of any crimes he  committed.  As incentive, his head will explode in 24 hours and he'll only  get the antidote if the president is saved.  As he ventures into New York,  he mets several people and all end up trying to help his mission.<br />As I  stated before I'm really not sure why Escape From New York is a cult  classic.  It's not particularly fast-paced or exciting and it's not any  more intelligent than any other Jerry Bruckheimer productions.  As for the  dialogue, it might just be me, but I honestly did not find it funny.   <br />Actionwise, it's not very involving.  There's a brief shootout here or  there but it's very short and not entertaining.  The car chase at the end  lacks any sort of tension.  I know the film had a 6 million dollar budget  but that's no excuse.  George Miller worked with less on The Road Warrior  and his car chases were examples of blistering excitement.  <br />The acting  leaves a bit to be desired.  Kurt Russell is perfect as Snake Plissken and  he's the film's only saving grace.  Everybody else is just there as an  addition to the body count, with the exception of Donald Pleasance.   <br />John Carpenter's direction is way too heavy-handed.  He should have  lightened the tone and quickened the pace.  There's no sense of tension in  the entire movie's running time.  This was a movie wasting my time
6302194296|5.0|I already did a review on this great film, but I failed to tell why I liked the film... so I'm doing another one. &quot;Nosferatu&quot; is the absolute scariest film in the history of cinema. Now I am not talking about  that remake, because that wasn't a very good remake... I am referring to  the original 1922 cinematic masterpiece that is virtually a nightmare  caught on film. Count Orlock is the scariest monster of all time, because  no one knows anything about Max Schreck, who is the actor who played him.  All anyone knows is when he was born, when he died and that he was in  &quot;Nosferatu&quot;. He looks pure evil with his ugly bald head, old 18th  century jacket, stunning black eye brows, and talon like fingers and he  really looks dead. This movie was made in 1922, so the picture is a creepy  black and white with that old film grain gracing the screen which makes the  film look really old. Knowing that all the actors in the film are dead now,  makes them come alive again scaring you from beyond the grave as they  appear on your television screen. This film is to be watch at midnight on a  Saturday night... turn off all the lights and turn this film on and don't  turn it off untill it's compleatly over or it will spoil the expiriance of  taking you back to a time where they relied little on special effects and  more make up and really great acting.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|MAIDEN IS MAIDEN what else can I say if you could put 10 Stars in this place i would put the hole ten stars to Brave New World this is truly one of the best Iron Maiden Albums ever and one of the best Metal albums ever.  They are back with the old sound but re-invented they sound so new and yet  we can recognize the riffs we the fans love so much. They sound so alive  and as well so heavy but with a great aproach to progressive music wich is  more than excellent. If people thought that Maiden couldn't get any better  they prove otherwise this album musically is the richest one and the songs  are just perfect each one is a classic IRON MAIDEN IS DEFENETLY THE BEST  BAND EVER!  I feel so proud of being their fan for such a long time!
B000001IQH|5.0|And Out Come the Wolves is, without a doubt, Rancid's best album. The raw and edgy Cali-punk sound is especially tasty when grinding fwon the highway. Their sound is similar to Op Ivy, yet with elements of ska and  rock thrown in. Buy it now, dammit. if you don't, you're missing a great  time.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|Yes, this CD has some rocking songs and is better than any album since &quot;seventh son&quot;. I particularly like the Harris/Smith songs. I wish the hole album were written by them, although Murry is good too. Right  away, I loved The Mercenary, The Nomad and of course Wickerman. However,  the band needs to get rid of Gers! His solos are terrible, but the're not  enough to ruin the album as a hole- it does grow on you. Bruce sings strong  again and isn't as rough as on Fear of the Dark. Overall, the band has  recaptured some of the glory days but three guitarists is a crowd!
0316777722|5.0|Dave is a master of the uproariously fake confessional. Plus, it's nice and short.
B00000ICD9|2.0|Robin Williams dies and goes to heaven, or something of that sort. This is the story of him trying to get back to his wife. The special effects are amazing. And of course Robin Williams is good as always. But it was just  too long, a little boring, and there wasn't that much there to work with.  Some of the points I didn't agree with, that is being a Catholic. But I'm  not saying it was a bad movie, it was okay. I just probably won't watch it  again.
B000002C2E|5.0|A stunning album in which Dylan builds on 1989's Oh Mercy and 1993's World Gone Wrong to create a musical landmark that transcends genre, though if you had to classify it it is more blues than anything else -- a raw,  juke-joint blues whose apparent spontaneity of performance coexists with  incredible songwriting artistry.<br />There are no wasted words here, and  Dylan is even more direct than on Oh Mercy or Blood on the Tracks. His  ravaged voice is still amazingly expressive and musically precise. Every  song is strong, but deserving special mention are Highlands (for its  hilarious restaurant scene and powerful emotional journey), and the  masterpiece Not Dark Yet, a devastating portrait of the singer's awareness  of his dwindling emotional and spiritual resources. Dylan's vocal on this  song is extraordinarily accurate, capturing both subtle tonal gradations  and large tonal slides in a way musical notation can't reproduce.
B000002LCI|3.0|Depeche Mode became superstars in the US with this at times very enjoyable album.  Once you get past David Gahan's tuneless singing (which I have come to recognize as an unlikely asset), there are a few great songs on this  album.  The epic sounding &quot;Never Let Me Down Again&quot; opens things  auspiciously (ignore the facile lyrics).  &quot;Behind the Wheel&quot; is  another winner, with a driving, relentless beat and appropriate monotone  talk-singing.  The melodic &quot;Nothing&quot; is backed by a pessimistic  but ultimately satisfyingly message.  The problem is that there's also a  bunch of crap  (notably the dumb attempt to fuse religion and lust found in  the lyrics to &quot;Sacred,&quot; the bizarre and frustratingly  directionless (not to mention stupidly titled) &quot;Pimpf,&quot; and the  half assed &quot;To Have and to Hold&quot;).  The ominous added  &quot;bonus&quot; tracks at the end of the cassette/CD don't help matters  either (with the exception of the light and bouncy gem, &quot;Pleasure,  Little Treasure&quot;).  The highlights from this album can be found on The  Singles 86&gt;98, making its importance questionable (although the mix of  &quot;Behind the Wheel&quot; found here is much better than the hip-hop  influenced version on The Singles).
0899663036|5.0|I read this book a few years ago for school and instantly loved it. It is one of the best novels of the past century and should be on everyone's reading list. It deal with adult themes, as well as the simple idea of  growing up. Read it if you haven't already.
B000002KDB|5.0|Emmylou Harris' exceptional album PIECES OF THE SKY, is one of the most impressive debuts in history.  Through these marvelous ten tracks, we get a glimpse of Harris' immense talent.  PIECES OF THE SKY was the most  expensive Country record made at the time of its 1975 release.  It serves  as an example of Harris careful attention to albums in the  singles-dominated Country market.  Emmylou Harris was the artist who  brought the album market to Country music; only she can make albums this  good.  Rodney Crowell's &quot;Bluebird Wine&quot; opens the album, it has a  terrific Country sound.  &quot;Too Far Gone&quot; was Harris' first single,  which reached #73, her lowest charting ever.  The charting has nothing to  do with the song, remember at the time Harris was an unknown recording  artist, she had a loyal following in Washington, but charts are national.   &quot;Too Far Gone&quot; has gorgeous string arrangements, and Harris  sensational vocal makes the song a perfect ballad.  Harris first hit  single, the Louvin Brothers' &quot;If I Could Only Win Your Love&quot;,  became a #4 hit.  Its a marvelous song.  Harris pen is at its best on this  shining &quot;Boulder To Birmingham&quot;, the touching tribute the Gram  Parsons.  She works wonders on &quot;Before Believing&quot;.  &quot;Bottle  Let Me Down&quot; is an awesome honky-tonk experience.  &quot;Sleepless  Nights&quot; is stunning, a passionate performance.  Harris' duet with  Parsons on this song would be released the following year on SLEEPLESS  NIGHTS.  Dolly Parton's &quot;Coat Of Many Colors&quot; is a touching  artistic number.  Harris brings even more remoteness and isolation to the  Beatles' &quot;For No One&quot;.  Harris' vocals are magnifiscent.   &quot;Queen Of The Silver Dollar&quot; is dynamite.  One of the best  possible conclusions to an album this spectacular.  PIECES OF THE SKY  offered material range, extraordinary vocal performances, and exceptional  musicanship.  This is one of the best debuts ever, by one of the most  intelligent, creative, and talented artists in history.
B000003CMB|5.0|if you're building or adding to your cd collection, it's not complete until you have THIS album. Rolling Stone in 1973 rated this as one of the top 100 albums of all time.  The were right! Beginning with the blues  numbers and inserting 24 bars of jazz in Stormy Monday before defining  &quot;southern Rock&quot; with the next two cuts, then ending with the  finest jam ever recorded on ER and Whipping Post this music is absolutely  timeless and is just as good today as it was in 1971.  A Must Have for any  CD collection.
B000002L9M|3.0|While there are only a few really good songs on Black Celebration, namely &quot;Here Is the House,&quot; &quot;Stripped,&quot; &quot;A Question of Time,&quot; and &quot;But Not Tonight,&quot; the album's strength lies in  its unremitting dark mood.  From the desperation expressed in the title  track to the nihilism of &quot;World Full of Nothing&quot; to the futility  voiced in &quot;New Dress,&quot; there's no question that the album has a  distinct tone.  What Black Celebration needs more of to be a great downer  album is songwriting on par with Joy Division's Closer or Alex Chilton's  Sister Lovers.
0446310786|5.0|I have had to read this for school twice, and have loved it both times. It's one of the few books for school I have actually enjoyed reading. The charactors and lessons taught will stay with you for the rest of your life.  It's simple enough a 12 year old can read it, yet complex enough an adult  will enjoy it. It's definitely good enough to read once or twice or....
B00003CWPR|1.0|There just 3 words: TOO MUCH BORING. Perhaps, I was waiting other film. I did not like it. The dialogues were extremely long.
0694003611|4.0|I don't get it, I think the book is dull with it's colors and illustrations, but my child loves the book and reads it to herself a lot.  Gotta get it!
B000002LK1|4.0|The most consistent non-compilation album in Depeche Mode's discography, Violator contains a little bit of everything.  There are some perfect synth pop songs (&quot;Enjoy the Silence,&quot; &quot;Policy of Truth&quot;), a  couple of beautiful and relaxing Gore penned ballads (&quot;Waiting for the  Night,&quot; &quot;Blue Dress&quot;), and even a bluesy (albeit, with a  very simple riff) rock and roll number (&quot;Personal Jesus&quot;).  And  with its melodic, climactic chorus, &quot;Halo&quot; could easily have been  the album's fifth single.  There really isn't one worthless song in the  bunch, although the hypocritical sounding redemptive message in  &quot;Clean&quot; (considering the lyrical content of the cohabitating  &quot;World in My Eyes&quot; and &quot;Policy of Truth&quot;), makes it  come close.
B00000IAU3|4.0|I'm a fan of the show Roswell, so I had to buy this CD for Here with Me. There are so many great songs on this CD though. I haven't been able to stop listening to it! I highly reccommend it to anyone who likes Alanis  Morrissette, Sarah Maclaughlan, and Paula Cole. This CD reminds me of them.  There are a few weak songs, but the majority of them are worth putting on  repeat. It's a great first album and I'm already looking forward to future  CDs.
B00003CWPL|5.0|You feel like you have been transported to the darker edge of your subconscious, a world of shadows and lurking threats.  This is perhaps the most bizarre movie of all time.  It's as if an Edward Gorey sketch came to  Life.  Brilliant, dark and brilliant...
B00004T0P1|5.0|It's rare for me to call a soundtrack &quot;fun&quot; but it's the only description I have for this score, it is genuinely innocent fun, and reminds me that film scores don't need serious themes to be good. I give it  5 stars - flawless, fun, and definetely worth the 13-15 dollars.
0783219598|3.0|I saw this movie presented in a high-school auditorium, it's a remotley good heartbreaking tale, but I can't quite put my finger on it. There's just something so indescribile about this movie...maybe how curiously short  it is, but how it seems much longer, or the fact this movie is too  fantasy-like, or maybe that this movie was &quot;divided&quot; into  chapters, narrated by mice. But either way, there's just something about  this movie I don't think I'll ever figure out.
B00003CWNR|2.0|The Cider House Rules is not so much a good film as it a well marketed film. Released at Christmas time with massive publicity by Miramax, this is a totally average film that audiences just lapped up.<br />Michael Caine plays  a mild mannered doctor who is also the head of a New England orphanage. The  films driving force lies between the relationship of Caine and Tobey  Maguire, an orphan of his. As Tobey grows, Caine teaches him how to be a  doctor. Caine also notices that Maguire has an uncharacteristically good  relationship with the other orphans, very Father like.<br />As Maguire grows  he longs to experince life away from the orphanage. He discovers romance  while assuming a job as an apple picker. Along the way he is caught in a  web of secrets and lies involving his new co-workers (Delroy Lindo doing a  bad job.)<br />There are, I suppose several surprises to The Cider House  Rules. None of them are particularly earth shattering but I will not spoil  them anyway.<br />That just about sums up the general idea to The Cider House  Rules.When it ended I was forced to ask myself why so many people liked  this film? The answer lies in the same reason so many embraced The Green  Mile. &quot;Cider House,&quot; like The Green Mile is a cliche ridden movie  that manipulates the audience throughout. It has a warm fuzzy feeling to it  that is the type of thing that mainstream audiences seem to  love.<br />Unfortunately I found that the movie was dull, boring and  uninspired. Caine is good but not Oscar worthy and everything about this  film is totally average.<br />I especially despised the &quot;Kings of New  England&quot; line that was repeated throughout by Michael Caine. I can  just picture someone thinking, &quot;OK I need a great line here that this  movie will be remmebered by.&quot; This is the result and it is  garbage.<br />Totally average and falsely moving. Sorry if you disagree.
630512762X|5.0|John Woo has a definite directiong style.  Lots of slow-motion, and an  emphasis on guns.  For a viewer who usually dislikes slow-motion because it  is kinda hokey I think he uses it so well it adds a lot to the film, and  I'm not just talking about the minute count.  Watching the action sequences  there are times where a gun falling to the ground seems to be the only  thing happening.  Somehow Woo weaves these moments into the action so  artfully the viewer can believe he is an omnicient observer, able to see  and hear everything necessary to fully appreciate the action.  The framing  is superb -- the wide shot of Castor Troy as his jacket billows or the  shootout in the hangar, where Troy dives out of the plane with both guns  firing are both suitable to hang on the wall.<br />The acting is so well done  even the most cynical viewer would be lying to say he didn't believe every  second of the &quot;no more drugs for that man&quot; scene.  <br />This movie  is so solidly shot and acted it feels like it is more real than any other  movie this reviewer has seen.  Never mind the stupid face switching scene,  or the rediculous boat chase, this movie is masterfully made.
0201485672|5.0|I spent seven years in the Smalltalk environment figuring (parts) of this stuff out for myself. You don't have to - buy Martin's book and shave at least a few years off the learning curve.  Refactoring is an indispensable  part of software development. Like it or not, whatever you write today will  be &quot;wrong&quot; sometime in the future. You need to have techniques  for transitioning to the &quot;right&quot; stuff. Refactoring provides you  with a wealth of small tools that can make the transition easier. <br />Not  only that, having confidence that you can refactor your code later  (supported by relentless testing) actually relieves some of the pressure  you feel when you write the code the first time. Get it working, then get  it right. Don't panic. Don't sweat. Enjoy your work like you did when you  started (remember?). Let Refactoring guide the way.<br />A practical guide for  any OO developer, no matter what language you are working in, though you  need enough familiarity with Java to read the examples.
0671646788|5.0|John Milton in his `Paradise Lost' wrote: \\"The mind is its own place and in itself can make a heaven of hell or hell of heaven.\\"  Lord Buddha also said that \\"mind is behind all our action\\" over 2,500 years ago!  Now Dr  David J Schwartz gives a similar message in his motivational book. However,  there is a difference.  Dr Schwartz's book presents us with a carefully  designed program for getting most out of all aspects of our lives: job,  marriage, family and the community.  It tells us the importance of positive  thinking and how we can turn a defeat into a victory and many more  including achieving financial security.  He guides us to reach all these  goals through our own will.<br />No wonder why more than 4 million copies of  this book have been sold!  I'm sure that there are few of us who haven't  read the book would consider extracting some wisdom from this wonderful  book.
020161622X|5.0|...and what's the difference? I've often felt that the difference was attitude. Programmers (or &quot;professionals&quot; if you prefer) were continually thinking about what they did, why they did it and how they  could do it better. And I don't just mean searching for a new language  (&quot;maybe I should learn Java this week?&quot;).The rest of us are just  tooling around doing the best we can and wondering why it sometimes doesn't  work.<br />&quot;The Pragmatic Programmer&quot; is clearly written by and for  professional programmers. Reading it with attention will force you to think  deeply about the way you develop software. If your first response is  &quot;but this isn't pragmatic&quot; or &quot;I don't have time to do these  things&quot; then I encourage you to think again. Perhaps the barrier is  change itself. Sure, applying the practices in this book may slow you down  in the short term (you always go slower when you're learning a new skill)  but the benefits to establishing these practices as habits are  enormous.<br />We are working through this book as part of a weekly study  group at our office. This seems to be a great way to investigate things  you're uncomfortable. And I don't agree with every practice in this book,  but please think about them as deeply as you can before you reject  them!<br />Whenever I interview someone I ask them what book has most  influenced the way they develop software. If they answer &quot;The  Pragmatic Programmer&quot; (or &quot;Zen and the Art of Motorcycle  Maintenance&quot;) then they have the job!
B00004TH7Z|4.0|At first I really hated this album,comparing it to Sean Connery's wooden performance in Diamonds are Forever.However,after getting the disc and listening to it a few times,I really like it.This album is not &quot;the  most incredible Iron Maiden album&quot; as Bruce referred to it on last  year's show at the Aragon Ballroom.There is nothing here that can remotely  touch Aces High,The Trooper, Infinite Dreams,or Hallowed be Thy Name.I  don't even think these songs can touch Futureal,The Clansman,Two Worlds  Collide,or Educated Fool.I use the word even due to most fans' disdain for  VXI,I rather like the album.What you get with BNW is good classic Metal  that seems a tad uninspired and uncreative at times.Maiden really isn't  breaking any new ground or writing anything incredible.There's no real  objective way to prove points,so the proof is just listening to this and  then Powerslave.Huge difference there.The solos on this disc are pretty  mediocre by the standards set by the older records,and on the last album  the lead guitar was still pretty comparable.I'd say the best way to  describe the sound of this album is to mix Seventh Son with X Factor,and  then perhaps throw in Eyes of a Stranger from VXI. Adrian Smith is  noticeably absent from this recording,if not for the beginning riff on  Wicker Man(which I'll say is a failed attempt at re-creating 2 Minutes to  Midnight),one might not know he was on the album at all. Ghost of the  Navigator and Brave New World are what I consider the best tracks.They are  somewhat similar to 80s Maiden,and better then everything on 7th Son except  Infinite Dreams I think.I think 7th Son is overrated anyway.Thin Line  Between Love and Hate is quite mediocre,but different for the band.Nomad  could be deemed an average attempt at re-creating the pyramid vibe of some  of Powerslave.Out of the Silent Planet is really cool,but took me some  getting used to.Blood Brothers reminds me of something on 7th Son.Not a  real spectaculor song,butgood.Mercenary is another standard rocker,well  below anything of this type on any other Maiden album(Futureal was great,so  Maiden were consistent with good straightforward rockers up until  BNW).Dream of Mirrors is good,but Clansman has it way outdone. Fallen Angel  is the best straightforward Maiden rocker on the disc I think,but I still  hold it in the same regard as Wicker Man or Mercenary.To sum this all up,is  this a good album that Maiden and anyone who likes this sort of music will  listen to over and over? I'd say yes with very few exceptions.Is this an  absolutely incredible album that has all the elements of the 80s albums and  an amazing and inspiring performance? No,not even close,although I like it  a good bit better then Seventh Son.
8185300453|5.0|Using words to describe what is beyond words will always fall somewhat short; this book, however, narrows the gap considerably. You are not who you think you are. Who are you? This book answers that question as  accurately as it can be answered in words. If you have only one book, let  this be it; if you ask only one question of yourself, let it be &quot;Who  am I?&quot;
0380713802|5.0|Very few book provide laugh out loud humor. In fact, I didn't realize this book did until people on the plane started asking me what had me crying in the aisle!<br />So, if you've been to Europe and haven't read TRAVELS, your trip isn't complete! <br />If you haven't been to Europe, don't read this on pain of becoming most unbecomingly jealous of those who have!<br />Live Europe through the perspicacious and witty eyes of fellow traveler Bill Bryson, the very personable Master of the Travelogue renaissance.<br />A joy to read, it's as much a series of shorts on various locations throughout Europe as a complete novel, connnected by the trials and tribulations of one B. Bryson and companion. <br />TRAVELS also provides a great view back 20 years in European travel - back when Europe seemed a bit more like a 3rd world country, if all is to be believed. Don't let this scare you, things have changed quite a lot (if not the toilets, of course).<br />Cheers,<br />BilFish
8185300453|5.0|Using words to describe what is beyond words will always fall somewhat short; this book, however, narrows the gap considerably. You are not who you think you are. Who are you? This book answers that question as  accurately as it can be answered in words. If you have only one book, let  this be it; if you ask only one question of yourself, let it be &quot;Who  am I?&quot;
0380715430|5.0|Not just for Anglophiles!<br />If I'd had textbooks like this in school, I might have passed! I chugged through this in a couple of days when I should have been doing something practical.<br />Read it for the laughs, get a bit of education stuck between your teeth.<br />Only Bill Bryson can make the sour study of language so sweet. This book is for more than just Anglophiles and Bryson enthusiasts, it's for anyone who enjoys a good laugh and a comical, yet highly-researched and authoritative look through history's drawers.<br />A cheery romp through our past gives you a great sense for how we got here and why English is so screwed up! An amalgamation of tongues with a basis in German (yet having the fewest words in common with Deutschland -- Kindergarten comes to mind) we find the path to modern English somewhat tortuous, amazingly confused, and always funny.<br />A former copy editor, I was once a great stickler for \\"doin' English right.\\" I've changed my philosophy, understanding that the incredible power of English lies in its mutability over time, changing, growing, enhancing, and staying modern.<br />Cheers,<br />BilFish
B00004TH7Z|2.0|Got this Tuesday. I really like &quot;Wicker Man&quot;, &quot;Out of The Silent Planet&quot; and &quot;Dream of Mirrors&quot;. The cd as a whole may grow on me in time, but I was hoping for something to rival Bruce  Dickinson's last two solo cds, which are more Maiden than Maiden, in terms  of powerchords and heaviness, these days. Instead, we have a lot of long,  melodic arrangements similar in sound to the two Blaze Bayley discs, right  down to Bruce actually phrasing some of the lyrics the way Blaze did. An ok  effort, but just not full of heavy Smith/Dickinson tunes or Harris tunes  taken from books or film...
6301161572|5.0|This is possibly the most beautiful opera video ever produced.  It was not filmed on stage, but on location in Vicenza, Italy, with absolutely stunning setting.  It features excellent performances, including Ruggero Raimondi (the perfect Don) and Kiri Te Kanawa (the perfect Donna Elvira).  Of the 5 or 6 greatest operas ever written (all Mozart's, in my opinion), some say Don Giovanni stands out as the most perfect achievement.  Whatever your opinion may be, by getting this video you will be getting the very finest rendition of this masterwork I have ever seen.  It is sung in the original Italian, with English subtitles.  Incidentally, one reviewer complained of the poor quality of the sound.  This is unfortunately true (shame on Kultur Videos!) but don't let this stop you from purchasing this excellent video - you won't regret it.
B00002IJ48|5.0|I got this video for Christmas at the same time I got the &quot;Music Bank&quot; box set.This is an awesome video because not only does it have alot of great songs, but you get to see the videos. The best video is by  far &quot;Away&quot;. I don't particularly like the song song  &quot;Away&quot;, but the claymation is really awesome, plus it has some  creepy looking circus freaks doing messed up stuff. The main reason this  video is so good is because it shows how artistic Alice in Chains really  are. They have made some of the most amazing videos I have ever seen. They  boggle the eyes. So if you are an Alice in Chains fan, or a fan of good  art, than pick up a copy of &quot;Video Bank&quot;
0671042858|4.0|Stephen King takes a step away from his usual horror novels to write a story of survival and the blurred line between fantasy and reality.<br />The story of slightly trouble-making yet lovable nine-year-old Trisha McFarland  is not as much a story of horror as it is a story of humanity. For a  250-page book, I found the middle a bit slow, but by page 175 I was  definitely hooked, and I found myself so deeply absorbed in the book as I  usually get when reading Stephen King. As usual, King shows off his uncanny  skills in characterization, as the reader finds themself caring deeply for  Trisha within the first pages.<br />Overall, it was an outstanding book and a  nice refresher from the usual 500-page novels. I would definitely recommend  it.
0679736646|5.0|UBIK is one of my favorite of PKD's &quot;alternative reality&quot; novels. It is, in part, a metaphysical and epistemological mystery: why is reality breaking down? How can the characters know if what they perceive is  really real? What is the ultimate nature of reality, anyway?<br />Until the  very last page, where PKD plays a last joke on the reader, one cannot be  certain which level of &quot;reality&quot; is the correct one. Meanwhile,  there is the usual profusion of humor, odd characters, and psychological  and philosophical insights. <br />We love you, PKD, wherever you are!
0783226160|5.0|Thi is the definitive Cult Movie that everyone should see at some point in the ir life.<br />I have seen this movie well over a thoiusand times in the past 15 years!   I have to say that the cast are excellent, the music  totally brilliant, and that it ihas inspired many a good nuight in opr out  ta,ming on the personas of the the characters portrayed.  I even know a guy  who was at an American College dutrring the time this film is set, who  clasims that &quot;Animal House&quot; only skims the surface.<br />See it  tobelieve it, see it to dream it, see it to LIVE IT.  Anyone from 15 to 500  will appreciate where this film is coming from, and the cult will live on  into the 22nd Century.<br />toga toga toga toga toga
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I read a review here saying that this was the best maiden album since seventh son. I thought &quot;no way, that's not possible!&quot; Hey, guess what? I was wrong. It IS the best maiden album since seventh son, it really  IS. Bruce sounds as good as he ever did in maiden's golden age when they  ruled the metal world. The three guitars of Janick, Dave and Adrian are  simply unbeatable, Steve is still the best living heavy metal bassist, and  hey, without Nicko it just wouldn't be the same pounding yet infectious  Maiden rhythms. Having 6 people in the band means they have more creative  potential than ever, and this album proves it. Maiden have evolved, and  benefit from bruce's and adrian's slightly 'heavier than when previously in  maiden' styles, cultivated in their years away from the fold.   IF YOU HAVE  THIS ALBUM; UP THE IRONS! IF YOU DON'T AND YOU'RE A FAN, WHAT IN GOD'S NAME  ARE YOU WAITING FOR!
0783226160|5.0|This is the definitive Cult Movie that everyone should see at some point in the ir life.<br />I have seen this movie well over a thousand times in the past 15 years!   I have to say that the cast are excellent, the music  totally brilliant, and that it it has inspired many a good nuight in opr  out ta,ming on the personas of the the characters portrayed.  I even know a  guy who was at an American College dutrring the time this film is set, who  clasims that &quot;Animal House&quot; only skims the surface.<br />See it  tobelieve it, see it to dream it, see it to LIVE IT.  Anyone from 15 to 500  will appreciate where this film is coming from, and the cult will live on  into the 22nd Century.<br />toga toga toga toga toga
0593044703|5.0|Great book, with complex plot.  Like everyone else I am waiting for the next one!
0684833395|5.0|A lot of people don't like Catch-22 because it's so long and doesn't seem to go anywhere at first.  Those people are fools.  While it does take some time to get into, Catch-22 is hilarious and unforgettable.
B00004SCX6|5.0|This new cd from Britney Spears is absolutely wonderful. Its a perfect sophmore album for an up and coming pop star. Her ballads are wonderful and her upbeat songs just make you want to get up and dance. I admit the little  voice overs are a little annoying but nontheless i would reccomend this to  anyone who likes to feel good and listen to good music!
6305622914|5.0|Oh my gosh, is this one funny!  I've never laughed so hard at a movie in my life! The first time I watched Full Monty, I almost didn't finish because it's a little slow-moving at first. I'm also not used to watching  foreign-made films either. But I decided to stick with it, &amp; boy am I  glad I did! It does eventually pick up, &amp; you too will be glad you  stuck with it. Without giving away all the details of the movie, I just  want to say that I've watched this a couple of times already, &amp; know I  will be watching it a few more times in the future. I have also purchased  this one for my DVD collection--a MUST have for your comedy section. This  was excellent, light-hearted entertainment, &amp; I highly recommend for a  few good laughs on a rainy day: LOVED IT!
B000000OF6|5.0|I was introduced to queen in an unusual way, through the movie Highlander. The soundtrack was pure Queen and had such power that I just had to hear more. Of course Queen is an institution now, the ultimate 80's band but for  me they will always personify Rock Opera. Their music video's may have  distracted people from the fact that their music was very cleaver.  Characterised by complex melodies and contrasting choruses, they managed to  produce more unforgetable songs than any other band I can think of. This  album is good value because it will stick in your head all day, just like  elevator musak only in a good way.
6305358613|5.0|Cate Blanchett did a SUPERB job in this movie--how in the world she missed out on winning ALL awards for her performance is beyond me. As usual, I'm going to remain non-specific because I don't want to give away the plot,  key scenes, etc., because if you're thinking of buying this one, I don't  want to ruin it by telling everything. I *LOVED* this movie, &amp; know I  will watch it many more times in the future. I also bought this movie for  my DVD collection, &amp; have no regrets. The movie is spellbinding, artsy,  &amp; will definitely hold your attention if you're a history buff. I'm  still scratching my head as to why &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot; beat  this movie out at the awards ceremonies--IT DOESN'T EVEN COMPARE TO THIS  ONE!  I highly recommend: EXCELLENT, EXCELLENT, EXCELLENT!
B00000J7J4|5.0|You'll get your moneys worth buying this CD all the songs are good.  The lyrics are included.  Its to bad he didn't include the guitar chords.  As one musucian to another that was a wishful thought !  I like to play my  guitar when I'm taking a design break, I hear some of my classmates singing  this song at studio but when I'm playing my guitar and I do play  &quot;smooth&quot;, once in while some of them will have the courage to  sing. One day I was playing my guitar and the next thing I knew there were  five students gathered around and not for long they started singing and  laughing and just enjoying a design break.  When I play my guitar its not  for attention, its for stress relief and I think my classmates discovered  this and joined in to get some as well.  I'm an eclectic listener this CD  by Santana is a prize to add to your library. Even though I don't speak  spanish the other songs that I like ot listen to is no. 7, 9, 12, the  overall composition is &quot;beautiful&quot; !        Add some chile to  your singing enjoyment this is the CD!  -the end-
B000002HGD|5.0|While I can see where the reviews are coming from (e.g., that the music is unoriginal, the message not coming through), after repeated listening, I suddenly got it.  The beginning half, while a bit &quot;poppish,&quot;  gives me the eerie image of someone frantic, eyes wild, trying to distract  himself from the all-too-real knowledge that &quot;Everything is  Wrong.&quot;  Sure, it seems like simple dance music on the surface, but  there's a desperation underlying the album, from the frantic first half to  the dread and acquiescence of the second half.  The music, don't get me  wrong, is great; but taken as a whole, it's so much more powerful that you  just want to cry at the despair he conveys.  Don't just judge on first  impressions, folks; it takes a while, but once you get it, you'll know what  I mean, and why I gave this piece of art five stars.
158234082X|1.0|If you like tabloid journalism, you'll love this twisted, self absorbed book.
B00004RFFU|1.0|this movie only derseves 1 star because of the good make up jobs on the &quot;vampires&quot; other than that this movie was really stupid. I watch the whole thing and in the first hour of the movie I was bored out of my  mind. I don't care who the actors are this movie stunk. You just watched  cruise and pitt walk around and drink the blood of every living creature.  And then pitt would feel so bad about it which is supose to make us feel  bad for him. Well I tell you one thing it didn't work. The only reason I  feel bad for cruise and pitt is because they were stupid enough to agree to  be in this movie. It wasn't their acting that was bad it was the story.  Their acting was o.k. Pitt was good he had the right kind of creepyness to  him in the beginning but that is it. Like I said the only thing I really  liked about the movie was the makeup. All the &quot;vampires&quot; were  rather pale and you could see the veins in their faces the good thing was  they didn't look too pale.
B00004SCX6|1.0|This album stinks!There is no denying that!All of her vocals are covered up and made into robotic space-aged sounds.Britney really has talent for singing,but OUCH!
B000009QPG|5.0|Yes I was one before I listened to this album. If you expect a vulgar display of soulless virtuousity and speed, you will be suprised by this album. An uncharacteristic lyrical depth and a more measured pace (as  opposed to the headlong rush of Reign In Blood) are the hallmarks of this  album. Of course it wouldn't be a Slayer album without a few bursts of  speed, but they are measured and emphatic as opposed to histrionic and  extravagant. All in all it works suprisingly well... I hesitate to say  this, but this album is as close to art as Slayer is likely to get. Two  thumbs up.
014028009X|4.0|My daughter recommended this book to me, suggesting it would give me some insight into her generation and amuse me at the same time.  What an understatement!  I did learn a lot  -- but mostly that women are still  thinking the same way we did when I was Bridget's age -- and I enjoyed  myself thoroughly in the process.  This is a hell of a book.<br />The males  have not been left out, however.  My reading group recently read the male  counterpart, so to speak -- Asher Brauner's &quot;Love Songs of the  Tone-Deaf&quot; an equally hilarious romp through the life of a young man.   Both these books are excellent, light-hearted fare for summer reading.
0671047272|5.0|This book tell a desperate and bleak story in the most charming and uplifting way.  McCourt's life was well worth the living even if death always seemed around the corner for him and his family.  True example of  the resilient human spirit!
B000002BE9|5.0|This is one of te best CD's I own, I have listened to it almost every day since I bought it, about 5 years ago. Fiona's deep mellow voice and trippy rhythms are hypnotizing, especially on &quot;Pale September&quot; and  &quot;Slow Like Honey&quot;. Fiona takes you through every range of  emotions throughout all the tracks. Every song can be related to something  in your life at any time. I continue to buy this album for gifts for my  friends. Fiona Apple conveys soul and emotion with everything she does,  comparable to Billie Holiday.
B00000BKDW|5.0|This is the best album ever released by a metal band.  It includes such classics as Aces High, 2 Minutes To Midnight, Powerslave, and the epic Rime Of The Ancient Mariner.  This cd best exemplifies the Maiden sound, with  the soaring vocals of Bruce Dickinson (best metal vocalist ever!), the  great melodic guitar solos from Adrian Smith and Dave Murray, and the great  bass playing of Steve Harris.  If you consider yourself a metal fan you  have to have this cd.
0060930187|4.0|The Bell Jar, written by Sylvia Plath, is an extremely insightful autobiography that reveals Plath's inner turmoil through her thoughts and actions.      The plot of Plath's story begins with her winning an  assignment on a New York fashion magazine, which was a dream come true for  her.  This dream soon became raveled up in Plath's distress and became one  of the many pieces of the puzzle of Plath's life, which soon transformed  into a living nightmare.  Due to her illness and her mental breakdown,  Plath, or Esther, as she is known in the book, had to go to a psychiatrist  and even had to be treated with electric shock therapy.  Plath took a very  immature approach toward dealing with her turmoil and mental breakdowns by  attempting to kill herself several times.  Although she felt this was the  way out of her despair, she never had the will or strength to go through  such a drastic measure of coping with her problems.  Plath eventually found  inner peace and satisfication in her life.      I believe the theme of The  Bell Jar is that depression, frustration, and hardship come in everybody's  life at one point or another and we all must know how to handle it properly  and not to turn to a rash solution such as suicide.      Several small  elements such as tone and symbolism actually play a big role in the depth  of this novel's true meaning.  This novel has a factual tome in the very  beginning, but as the story progresses, it becomes one of despair and  suspense.  Also, the title has very powerful symbolism in it.  The title of  The Bell Jar refers to a cylindrical glass vessel with a rounded top and an  open base used to protect and display fragile objects or to establish a  controlled atmosphere or environment in scientific experiments.  Most  likely, the meaning behind this symbolism is that throughout her stay at  the mental hospital, Plath felt as if she was in a bell jar because she was  fragile and liable to break at any time.  This feeling developed through  her stay at the hospital because she knew she was quite ill and in a way  felt trapped in the hospital due to her illness.  Plath probably also felt  as if she had no way out and she may not be able to live a normal life  again.       The Bell Jar has a very influential and positive social  significance.  This book probably can relate to how many people might have  felt at least at one point of their life.  People who have felt that way  and have read the book before most likely can share their depression and  despair more easily with others and learn to cope with their problems  seeing how Plath managed to get through her despair.  Therefore, this novel  has great meaning and purpose on society because the fact is that more  people you may think consider suicide.      I can honestly say this novel,  The Bell Jar, written by Sylvia Plath, is very enjoyable, and depressing at  the same time, to read.  It offers a chance to see how life can be so  depressing sometimes, yet there's always a reasonable solution; you just  have to be very determined to find that solution.
6305342776|4.0|For their big sci-fi to-do, Disney cloned Nemo with Morbeus (FORBIDDEN PLANET), and rendered a rather moody space opera that stands apart from an army of post-1977 STAR WARS ripoffs -- a true throwback to 1950s pulp SF.  Compare Maximilian to Calaban, and the Cygnus to Altair IV, and BLACK  HOLE's lineage is clear.<br />As per the technical details, Anchor Bay has  done their usual outstanding job of preserving this film. The sound is  great, particularly the overture track. The effects shots are crisp and  clear, a true credit to Syd Mead and Harrison Ellinshaw's moody designs.  Unfortunately, many of the live action interior shots show color  degradation in the traveling mattes, resulting in a clumsy appearance.  Probably a result of the original positive this DVD was made from. Still,  if you can ignore the clumsy dialog, silly V.I.N.C.E.N.T. robot (hey, it's  Disney!), and just focus on the strong points, this is a delightful  release.
055321263X|5.0|Collins is really the forerunner of the whole genre of detective fiction and this is his finest book.  I also loved the  Moonstone, but this is clearly his most perfect work.  I challenge anyone to start reading and  then to try to put this book down before you are through (and since it's  quite long, it's not easy).  Once you've read all of Agatha Cristie's  books, you can see how she must have read Collins to structure her books  and plots.  Unlike many new detective novels, you also get the benefit of  great Victorian writing.  Think of it as killing two birds with one stone:  reading a Jane Austen book with a gripping mystery plot!  Do NOT opt for  the abridged version -- it would be a shame to miss even one word of  Collins' original text.
B00004T8RK|5.0|My son has been a PearlJam fan since 'Ten&quot; was released. He said this was the one to buy. All of the music covers any variety you like. Metal, Rock, Blues and Country, with a little of the old PearlJam sound.  Gossard's&quot;Thin Air&quot;and &quot;Rival&quot;are great stuff. Along  with the released single from Ament. Best song on the CD has got to be  &quot;of the girl&quot; Ed does not dissapoint with 'Insignificance' and  'Light Years&quot; he is the only one who can do it justice. If you are a  fan, this is for you. If not broaden your horizons and buy it anyway.
0192833383|5.0|If I hadn't been lucky enough to take a college course that required The Moonstone, I would have missed reading this tremendous  mystery.  It's great reading through and through -- great Victorian writing, exotic  characters and scenery, terrific plot, likeable characters (Sergeant Cuff  and Franklin) etc...  Not only that, it's an important work for those who  consider themselves fans of detective fiction since many consider it the  first detective novel of all time.  In fact, I'd argue that it puts many  modern and popular detective novels to shame.  I'm amazed that Collins had  such a good handle on a &quot;page turner&quot; that long ago.  This is  such a good mystery that it will make you want to read The Woman in White  which is equally as good if not better.  I have to admit that I also  enjoyed the PBS version of the Moonstone as well.  Don't read the abridged  version -- the full version is a classic read and well worth it.
B00003XACV|4.0|If you loved the movie, you'll love the music. It's sparse, but full of wondrous beauty.<br />The title track is the most lovely. The music totally fits the movie.
0788812408|5.0|The Little Mermaid is the best animated film ever made, which makes it Disney's best and one of the world's favourite movies. The animation is spot-on and the story is cute, adorable and lovely. I have loved this film  for years and I never will stop loving it.<br />Ariel is a fantastic  human-interested mermaid who has fallen in love with Prince Eric form above  the seas. When the wicked sea octopus Ursula makes Ariel a deal that if she  will grant Ariel's wish for legs but if she doesn't kiss the Prince within  3 days, Ariel will become Ursula's property.<br />I love this adorable film so  much! I hope you liked my review.
6304935811|5.0|George C. Scott and Karl Malden did a fantastic job in this unique sole version of the WWII General. Magnificent picture. However this excellent war movie had too much cursing that would make me rate this movie NC-17.  But, it's a great way to spend 2 hrs 55 mins. Hey kids, I advise you to NOT  repeat the curse wordw.
6305907145|3.0|Mansfield Park is thought to have been written by Jane Austen when she was in her thirties and had seen something of life and it's misfortunes. (Her novels were not printed in the order she wrote them). Many scholars believe  it may have been her last complete novel. Her sister burned all her  correspondence when she died. She was a very private person, who did not  discuss her works and quickly covered her writing when anyone entered the  room. It is likely that all of her novels reflect aspects of her inner and  outer life at the time she wrote them. Since she never married, we might  assume she couldn't possibly have based the lives of her heroines on her  own life, but that is not so. While her heroines always get their man, they  also come very very close to losing them permanently. When I think of Ms.  Austen, I imagine she was like Elizabeth Bennet when she was younger and  Anne Elliot in &quot;Persuasion&quot; when she was older.<br />Jane Austin  had brothers who distinguished themselves in the British Navy. I beleive  one brother was with Nelson at Trafalgar. Ms Austin's father was a vicar,  and like her character Frank in Emma, one of her brothers was raised by a  wealthy family whose name he assumed.<br />As she lead a relatively cloistered  life with her mother and sisters (not unlike &quot;Sense and  Sensibility&quot;) she used her knowledge of other's experiences in her  novels. One of her naval brothers (who rose to Admiral from the lowest  rank--like Hornblower) wrote long letters about his adventures, very much  like Fanny Price's brother in &quot;Mansefield Park.&quot; Ms Austen  admired and loved what she knew from her brother's letters. Her sentiments  are reflected in &quot;Persuasion&quot; when one of her characters says  &quot;I do so admire these Navy men.&quot;  In reality, navy life was  extremely difficult and mutinies were commonplace.<br />Mansefield Park is  the tale of Fanny Price, a poor little girl who is sent to live with her  relatives (shades of Jane Eyre written 30-40 years later). Fanny is not a  particularly physically attractive girl in the book or the BBC adaptation  done in the 1980s. In the film, however, Fanny is pretty and witty and  rather more like Elizabeth Bennet of &quot;Pride and Prejudice.&quot;<br />Fanny's nemesis and &quot;friend&quot; is the decidedly beautiful and  sophisitcated Ms. Crawford (who knows a great deal about &quot;Vices and  Rears&quot; -- she's speaking of the navy of course). Ms. Austen delighted  in giving her characters defects. In the book, Mary Crawford is good  natured but not principled, and Fanny is not good natured but she is very  principled. (Is beauty external or internal?) The differences between the  two women provide quite a bit of amusement and discomfort in the book, but  since the &quot;film&quot; Fanny is already beautiful some of the edge is  gone. In both the book and the film, Fanny is a better person than Mary, as  she proves by the end of the story.<br />From my perspective, a major flaw of  this film is it's failure to develop Fanny's important relationships with  her Naval brother and sisters. Instead, the director INVENTED a subplot  about  slavery in the West Indies and connected it to Tom Bertram's illness  which seems to be the result of his witnessing a downright non-Austen scene  involving Mr. Bartram Sr. that could have been in &quot;The Wild Sargasso  Sea&quot; prequal to Jane Eyre.<br />Although the book briefly alludes in the  preface to the basis for the Bertram's wealth, it never elaborates and  &quot;rubbing slavery in the faces of the audience&quot; misses what Ms.  Austen is about and why people still read her books. Ms. Austen did not  write about the political issues of the 18th-19th centuries. She wrote  about relationships. Given women had few choices, no civil rights, no  opportunities to do anything other than marry and have children or be a  spinster like Miss Norris, Ms Austen found plenty of &quot;social  conscience&quot; stuff to write about.<br />I find it extremely irritating  that every time the topic of women's issues arises the discussion  invariably seems to turn to race and be trumped by it. Slavery was bad bad  bad thing that occurred to blacks AND WHITES (yes, there were white slaves  at this time), but Austen's books are about her observations in her own  life -- the disadvantage of and cruelty towards English men and women by  those who thought and still think they are better than others owing to  wealth and the priviliges associated with birth.<br />Ms. Austen was aware of  social class distinctions and she uses her knowledge to make witty  observations about pretentious and immorality. (She wrote during the  Regency Period when the aristocracy left much to be desired.)<br />The book  and movie use a device created by Shakespeare--the play within the play.  And Ms. Austin is making fun of this device. Whereas the play within the  play in Shakespere's Hamlet leads to discovery and resolution (Hamlet traps  his father's killer), Mansefield Park's play is a disaster that leads to  dissolution (Father traps children and puts them on probation).<br />One of  the fun things to do with Austen's books is to look for opposites and  recurring characterizations.  For example, foolish women who risk all for a  bad bad man and foppish fools with money who have their suits of marriage  taken seriously.<br />If you have read the book, you may be disappointed in  the film. I saw the film in the theater and I don't plan to buy the DVD.  Rent it before you buy it if you haven't already seen it.ial  conscience&quot; stuff to write about. <br />I find it extremely irritating  that every time the topic of women's issues arises the discussion  invariably seems to turn to race and be trumped by it. Slavery was bad bad  bad thing that occurred to blacks AND WHITES (yes, there were white slaves  at this time), but Austen's books are about her observations in her own  life -- the disadvantage of and cruelty towards English men and women by  those who thought and still think they are better than others owing to  wealth and the priviliges associated with birth. <br />Ms. Austen was aware of  social class distinctions and she uses her knowledge to make witty  observations about pretentious and immorality. (She wrote during the  Regency Period when the aristocracy left much to be desired.) <br />The book  and movie use a device created by Shakespeare--the play within the play.  And Ms. Austin is making fun of this device. Whereas the play within the  play in Shakespere's Hamlet leads to discovery and resolution (Hamlet traps  his father's killer), Mansefield Park's play is a disaster that leads to  dissolution (Father traps children and puts them on probation). <br />One of  the fun things to do with Austen's books is to look for opposites and  recurring characterizations.  For example, foolish women who risk all for a  bad bad man and foppish fools with money who have their suits of marriage  taken seriously.<br />If you have read the book, you may be disappointed in  the film. I saw the film in the theater and I don't plan to buy the DVD.  Rent it before you buy it if you haven't already seen it.
B000007OY0|5.0|I didn't expect to like The Shawshank Redmeption very much, but I was pleasantly suprised. Frank Darabont is a genius, give him a story and he gives you a real movie. This prison drama shows how much talent  movie-makers have as the cast, the director, the screenwriter and even the  production designer make an impressive and engrossing performance.<br />The  Shawshank Redemption is an immediate classic - and one of my favourite  movies. I even think it should of won over 'Braveheart' at The Oscars!
B000002P6R|1.0|The Who should have packed it in with the death of Keith Moon as their following recordings were, well-to be blunt, awful. There are two listenable tunes here You Better You Bet(good) and Another Tricky Day(very  good). The rest of 'em are garbage. It seems that Townshend was using most  of his good ideas on his solo efforts of the time with little left for the  Who.  Stick with Who's Next, Quadrophenia, and Who By Numbers. Avoid the  post-moon output like the plague...Simon
6305126062|4.0|The Horse Whisperer is sucha  beautiful film it takes your breath away. The film's stunning cinematography, it's awesome acting and great storyline make it a 4 star movie and one of the best of 1998.<br />Scarlett Johnasson is  the star of the show, she plays 14 year old Grace, a horse-lover who has  just had a terrible accident with her friend. Her mother (Kristin Scott  Thomas) helps her daughter and her horse, Pilgrim by taking her to a 'horse  whisperer '(Robert Redford) who can heal horses.<br />This is a very sad,  beautiful and lovely movie and don't be put off by it's mammoth length (2  hours, 48 minutes) - to me it felt like 1 hour rather than 3.
0375703764|5.0|HOUSE OF LEAVES is a map of the human soul. You can walk a mile in my shoes, you can live my life through my eyes, through my words, through my descriptions, but you will never know me. HOUSE OF LEAVES is brilliance  personified. Literally. <br />When's this guys next book coming out? I want 20  cases.
0783242808|5.0|American Pie is the funniest and best comedy of 1999, maybe even the bloody century! Your missing out on alot, this film is lots of fun and packed with awesome stars, and a great producer.<br />A bunch of guys one day  make a pact they must get laid before prom. Each of them has trouble,  especially the geek of the group, Jim (Jason Biggs).<br />With this movie,  you'll fall in love with Mena Suvari and you'll be laughing your head off  at Jason Biggs! This perfect peice of comedy is definitely worth a look for  fun-loving teenagers!
0800141326|1.0|This is the worst. When I went to see this I was eagerly anticipating what Dean Devlin and Roland Emmerich could do with the King of the Monsters, and afterwards I was so dissapointed I was in shock. The plot and acting were  so checkered and badly formed that they couldn't come close to standing on  their own, so only the lizard creature could hope to save the movie.  Unfortunatley this creature is so weak that it can't even save itself from  a few fighter jets. As the movie rolled to it's unsatisfying, pointless  conclusion with an obvious hint at a sequel, I found myself constanlty  checking my watch thinking &quot;when will this movie end?&quot; I just  want to put this abomination behind me and wait for Godzilla 2000.
0790736314|5.0|If you haven't seen The Exorcist, I'm angry. It is scary, funny, and based on true life which shocked me. After seeing this film, I was giggling down under, but I was also terrified to go back in my bedroom. So maybe it is  not the scariest film of all time, but it defintitely comes close! <br />The  acting is superb and terrific. Linda Blair is amazing, while Ellen Burstyn  is the perfect lead for the film.<br />Your missing out on alot of thrills,  chills and laughs if you haven't seen The Exorcist, so rent it today!
B00000I8BX|5.0|Figures, the bands fan are turning against them, what a stereotype. Oh well, I still love Fear Factory. They are just as heavy as before, and even more creative, this along with Soul of a New Machine is Fear Factory at  it's best. It is a great cd through and through and the extra tracks are a  nice little bonus. Best songs: Shock, Edgecrusher, Desecent, 0-0 Where Evil  Dwells, Messiah, Resurrection, Hi-Tech Hate, and Smasher Devourer.
B00004RFFM|4.0|I dont believe it, everyone said Jaws was a masterpiece. Now here, you have a great film. Deep Blue Sea is the only shark film that had me hooked the whole way through, and had me scared and shakin' in my boots. It is  simply the best shark movie of all time, no question.<br />The special effects  are ingenius, the acting is great, the sharks are scary as ever, and the  cinematography is perfect. However, too many people die. I think that maybe  more than 2 could of survived in the end.<br />Anyway, that's my thoughts on  Deep Blue Sea. Hope you liked my review and found it helpful!
0393317552|4.0|Diamond's Guns, Germs, and Steel touches upon very important historical factors in the race for hegmony and world domination.  While much of Diamond's thesis is neither revolutionary nor original, it captures many  elements that explain why certain world civilizations thrived and others  were conquered.  <br />While many on the right criticize Diamond's hypothesis,  claiming that it does not account for the difficulties such as famines and  plagues faced in Europe, they fail to see the greater picture that  Diamond's thesis points to.  It is not only resources, and location that  affected who dominated and who was dominated, these factors alone did not  create the modern world.  Instead, coupled with these factors was  competition.  Where competition was greatest, there was the most incentive  to change rapidly, to develop new methods of production and of warfare.   When describing the Spaniards conquest of the native Americans, Diamond  makes it clear that the Spaniards were able to dominate because becoming  dominant in Europe was so difficult.  Competition was the engine driving  innovation, so the unorganized, quarrelling states of Europe succeeded in  pushing ahead while the dormant and passive dynastic nations to the west  and to the east stagnated after periods of incredible growth and  development.  There's no denying the validity of this claim and the impact  of geography and resources on the fate of civilizations.  A divided Europe  comprised of many small, independent states was in constant flux and  conflict.  More isolated and unified civilizations like China reached their  high period earlier on, achieving things millenia ahead of the Europeans,  then stagnating in their advancement because there was no need to advance.   There was no constant threat of conflict and competition driving  innovation.  <br />This is no doubt a complicated and complex story, and a  solid understanding of it depends upon an understanding of the arguments  that Diamond putsforward so clearly in this book.  A fascinating study,  Diamond's book covers broad topics in an intriguing multi-discipline  fashion, drawing upon many of the natural and social sciences to help shed  light on this most formidable tale we call the story of man.
630518299X|4.0|I never really wanted to see this movie, but when I did I was impressed. The film starts off slow and a bit boring, but from the split-half to the end, the movie is fully entertaining. Ed Harris and Jim Carrey make their  best appearance in a motion picture yet, and that is out of alot. The story  is charming, sad and funny, the direciton is beauty and the acting is  full-on excellence.<br />Downright Great - The Truman Show is definitely worth  a look.
B000008GEF|5.0|This album is beatiful from start to finish. The songs are produced well and performed flawlessly. Give Me Love is a standout classic. The Light That has Lighted the World is one of the most beatiful melodies you will  ever hear. The religious theme wears thin at times and makes you sort of  tune out and listen to the music and not the lyrics. All and all a great  effort.
0780627024|5.0|Freakin' ages ago I did a review on 'Pleasantville' saying that I was disappointed. I saw it again ages ago, and I came to the conclusion it was a great film. Pleasantville rarely mixes the joy of black and white and  colour, it's story is funny, dramatic and heartbreaking and the acting is  terrific. I totally recommend you see Pleasantville, your missing out on  alot!
B000002UCQ|4.0|When I first heard this album when it was released, I thought it was great mainly because I was rooting for Harrison  to break free from under John and Pauls domination of the Beatles music. No doubt there are some great  songs here, but the Phil Spector Production ruins almost every one except  My Sweet Lord. Harrisons music does not warrant the overdone production it  receives here. However, Harrison prevails on this album mainly because the  songs are good.
0783241399|5.0|Denzel Washington is powerful, ingenius and excellent as Rubin 'Hurricane' Carter, who was wrongfully accused of murder. The excellent Vicellous Reon Shannon plays a 13 year old Canadian boy who tries his hardest to stand up  for what he believes in - Rubin's innocence.<br />This is one of the best of  the year, Reon Shannon gives a powerhouse performance and Washington in his  best role yet. See it.
020161622X|4.0|Some reviewers love the book; some hate it, but I think it wonderfully accomplishes its goal of getting us to really *think* about programming. I'm a former professional woodworker and I got a little tired of the  woodworking analogies (it really is best to stick with what you know), but  this is mere quibbling. I highly recommend the book.
B00004STPT|5.0|...as I listen to this beautiful Hans Zimmer/Lisa Gerraud score while writing this, I realize I can add little to the numerous positive reviews already written.  I just saw the movie yesterday, and concur with the many  who have said how perfectly this music carries the viewer through the film.  However, the score is an entity unto itself.  While the film is somewhat  dark and depressing, Zimmer/Gerraud's score reflects a majesty and  spirituality that is uplifting and cathartic.  While I recommend that the  film be seen, this music can be experienced and enjoyed on its own.  Since  music appreciation is so very personal, the reader should know that  instrumental film scores are my favorite type of music, and I own a number  of Zimmer scores including &quot;Crimson Tide,&quot; &quot;Backdraft,&quot;  &quot;The Rock,&quot; and &quot;Lion King.&quot;  Track #9 &quot;The Might  of Rome&quot; has definite overtones of &quot;Crimson Tide&quot; with the  choral additions.  Beautiful!  I certainly agree with those who feel Track  #3 &quot;The Battle&quot; and Track #13 &quot;Barbarian Horde&quot; reach  deep inside a person's soul with their majesty and exhilarating rhythms and  sounds. And I certainly appreciate the tracks running together seamlessly  as they do which avoids interruption in mood.  I give no recommendation  except for myself, but offer my opinion instead.  I would have purchased  this score without having seen the movie because of my love for Zimmer's  talent.  If you are unsure, see the film first!  If you know you enjoy Hans  Zimmer or thrilling instrumental music, then the score from  &quot;Gladiator&quot; will not disappoint!
B000002LQD|5.0|There are three albums purchased two years before my father died that, along with my chosen Catholic faith, built a foundation of compassion and understanding to eventually work my way through the transformation.  Those  albums are R.E.M.'s - Automatic For The People, Lyle Lovett's - Joshua  Judges Ruth and this painful masterpiece by Lou Reed.<br />&quot;...Life's  like Sanskrit read to a pony / I see you in my mind's eye strangling on  your tongue...&quot;<br />Ever the detached observer of the lives around him,  Lou has always been an exquisite songwriter and performer.  In and around  the time he released his most critically acclaimed work - New York, Lou  experienced the loss of two of his best friends.  This brought him to a new  light in his life and his art, but not before he made a tremendous journey.   Each phase of mourning is covered here with a vitality his work had never  known previously.  Those prone to depression might be pushed to the  precipise here, but I recommend the journey.  If ever a work of art could  inspire, this is it.<br />There are no words to adequately describe this work  than Lou's own:<br />&quot;...When you pass through humble / when you pass  through sickly / When you pass through / I'm better than you all / When you  pass through anger and self-deprication / and have the strength to  acknowledge it all / When the past makes you laugh / and you can savor the  magic / that let you survive your own war / You find that that fire is  passion / and there's a door up ahead not a wall...&quot;<br />All I can say  is thank you, Lou.  It's good, but not fair at all.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|this is an absolutely amazing CD.  I haven't loved a Maiden CD since Seventh Son, but this has just made me a Maiden fanatic again.  a few more &quot;dueling&quot; guitars would have been cool but you can't complain  about an album this good.<br />rivals &quot;Hatebreeder&quot; by Children of  Bodom as best metal album in the last year.
B000002HPV|5.0|err, what can i say? This is one of the most most emotional albums I have ever herd. I can honestly say this is my favourite bjrk album. It is half-electronic (if i can use the term), I mean, it's not like Autechre or  Aphex but it still contains a very complex feeling. I won't go into detail,  if you are a bjrk fan, and are deciding to get this or not, just get it.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Ok people, I just bought this cd today and I must say that I absolutely loved this album.  Eminem really got it together with the beats.  I would definitely recommend this album to anybody who likes a good &quot;rap&quot;  album.  ...  This is why eminem  will always succeed, because he ticks people off!  I love it.  Its great  emotion.  I'm willing to listen to anything new Slim puts out.  I doubt  this will be his last album LOL. In closing, Willenium is not that good of  an album name LOL Eminem rules!re, you'll probably like this one.  Now if they just would've included an unedited version of &quot;The  Kids&quot;...
0684867621|1.0|I had not read any Stephen King and picked up this novel as a sample.  A huge disappointment.  The story is weak and contains little suspense.  Given the nature of his success, I assume this work is not indicative of  Mr. King's abilities.
0780623592|3.0|&quot;City Hall&quot; is one of those movies that I watched expecting the best.  It had a great cast and crew of which I have seen excellent films from.  But all I got in the end was a lukewarm film.  The premise is great.   Political corruption always makes for an interesting movie and it  certainly is interesting.  Sadly it suffers from its own plot. So much time  is spent trying to uncover this scandal that occurs in this film that there  is no time to get to know any of the characters.  Al Pacino plays the mayor  of New York and while he handles the role passionately the script does not  allow  his character anytime to develop as with Cusak, Fonda, Aiello.  The  cast is supurb.  In fact I do not believe I have seen better from John  Cusak who rarely gets a stab at complex films such as this and Bridget  Fonda and Danny Aiello both give excellent supporting performances.  The  intereaction between Cusak and Fonda also seemed really fake as well not by  the actors fault but the screenwriters.  There is no chemestry where one  would expect.  It isn't all that bad of a film.  Fans of the actors should  definately rent it especially for a really good Pacino monologue (they had  to throw that in somewhere).  The film had the director and the cast but  what it needed was a better script.
0671027344|5.0|This book is so excellent! You'll hardly want to put it down. The ending is a complete shock but you'll love it. I really recommend reading this book... especially if your a teenager. It's so easy to relate to Charlie  and to share his emotions. Definitely pick this book up!
B0000062S0|1.0|I bought this album the day it was released expecting new hard rock material from the two key figures in Led Zeppelin.  Instead I got a soft rock album.  The only two songs that are good on here are &quot;Burning  Up&quot; and the title track.  The rest is just a nasty prank to get Zep  fans money. If you still have the chance save your money and go for the  older stuff for it is a hell of a lot better than this garbage.
0684872153|5.0|I started reading Angela's Ashes while flying to Ireland for our first visit.  I couldn't put it down and read when I should have been sleeping.  How refreshing to read a book written from a child's perspective.  My heart  broke for Frankie, but no matter what obstacles faced him, he overcame them  and in the end survived to make a better life for himself.  His ability to  find solutions to life's challenges never ceased to amaze me.<br />While in  Ireland and driving through Limerick, I tried to imagine what life might  have been like for the impoverished McCourt's and other families like them  during that time.  Frank McCourt's book is a testament to perseverance,  hard work and the will to survive.  I have ordered 'Tis and since I still  haven't seen the movie, look forward to the video release of Angela's  Ashes.  My Irish anscestry made reading this book even more meaningful.   Even if you don't have Irish roots, you should not miss the enjoyment of  reading this book!
0375703764|5.0|It always amazes me to see reviews of books where some moron likes to triumphantly pronounce that in so many words (often misspelled) 'You can't create the wheel!' That's pretty obvious don't you think? Ideas eatin more  ideas never create anything ultimately anew.. Danielewski's book 'House of  Leaves' is a literary triumph precisely for the fact that it is coaxing you  into a reality that's either real or unreal based on your interpretation  biding every moment.. The book is one of a kind in that it actually lures  you into interacting with it.. Makes you think constantly.. The chapter  where the characters are lost (backward text, profuse footnotes) creates  the ultimate confusion for you the reader and you actually feel lost  reading it.. But, there's one thing here, you have the option of realizing  you're being duped into being confused.. I guess something that obfuscates  ones already mundane existence (some reviewers) posed a little to much  mental activity.. that's too bad.. Go back to reading the newspaper or  something.. This is a great piece of work and I highly recommend it.. oh,  but, if you don't like to think through your fictional worlds don't pick it  up..
6305903182|5.0|This movie was great! It had scary, funny, and intense moments in the movie. It is such a great movie. All the SCREAM movies are great, but this one tops them all. Neve Cambell, David Arquette, and Liev S. are back for a  final scare. Hope you are up for this one! ITS GREAT! SEE IT!
0375703764|5.0|It always amazes me to see reviews of books where some moron likes to triumphantly pronounce that in so many words (often misspelled) 'You can't create the wheel!' That's pretty obvious don't you think? Ideas eatin more  ideas never create anything ultimately anew.. Danielewski's book 'House of  Leaves' is a literary triumph precisely for the fact that it is coaxing you  into a reality that's either real or unreal based on your interpretation  biding every moment.. The book is one of a kind in that it actually lures  you into interacting with it.. Makes you think constantly.. The chapter  where the characters are lost (backward text, profuse footnotes) creates  the ultimate confusion for you the reader and you actually feel lost  reading it.. But, there's one thing here, you have the option of realizing  you're being duped into being confused.. I guess something that obfuscates  ones already mundane existence (some reviewers) posed a little to much  mental activity.. that's too bad.. Go back to reading the newspaper or  something.. This is a great piece of work and I highly recommend it.. oh,  but, if you don't like to think through your fictional worlds don't pick it  up..
B00002Z88D|5.0|I had never really been a fan of anything as intense as this before I heard S&amp;M. A friend of mine owned it and I gave it a listen. I was instantly awestruck. It was amazing how the symphony and Metallica came  together. My favorite songs are One, Enter Sandman, - Human, No Leaf  Clover, and Fuel, but don't be let that turn you off. THERE ARE NO BAD  SONGS ON EITHER CD!  All of them are awesome. I couldn't stop listening to  it the entire first week I had it. Before listening to this I was a fan of  country and pop, you know, more mellow music. But now, just a week later,  if I could take only one album with me to a desert island, THIS WOULD BE  IT, HANDS DOWN. Thank you.
0140277447|1.0|Iris Chang wrote, 'On November 19, ------, a Japanese advance guard marched through the gates of Suchow, -------. Once inside, the Japanese murdered and plundered the city for days, burning down ancient landmarks  and abducting thousands of Chinese women for sexual slavery. The invasion,  according to the China Weekly Review, caused the population of the city to  drop from 350,000 to less than 500.'(p.38 of &quot;The Rape of  Nanking&quot;) <br />People who read this description surely think that  Japanese military troops murdered and/or raped almost all 350,000 citizens  of Suchow. But the explanation in &quot;The Study of 'The Rape of  Nanking'&quot; by Mr. Fujioka and Mr. Higasinakano is absolutely different.  When Japanese troops captured Suchow in November 20, only 500 citizens  remained. Almost all citizens of Suchow had already run away. And the  reason why citizens of Suchow had run away is because Chiang Kai-shek and  Ou Tyou-mei had had declared, on July 31 in 1937, to carry out 'Kenpeki  Seiya Sakusen(Japanese pronunciation)'. It is a Chinese traditional  tactics. It means that retreating Chinese troops burn down everything and  kill all living things including human beings so that Japanese troops  cannot ever get anything. Are Mr. Fujioka and Mr. Higashinakano liars? If  not, Iris Chang is a liar and readers are deceived by her.<br />Iris Chang  quoted a paragraph from MaCallum'diary. MaCallum wrote in Jan.9 1938.  &quot;They(Japanese) threaten and intimidate the poor Chinese into  repudiating what we have said....Some of the Chinese are even ready to  prove that the looting, raping and burning was done by the Chinese and not  Japanese.----.&quot; (p.151 of &quot;The Rape of Nanking&quot;)  <br />I am  thinking that these Chinese might be saying the truth. According to  &quot;The Study of 'The Rape of Nanking'&quot; by Mr Fujioka and Mr  Higashinanano, &quot;New York Times Jan. 4 1938&quot; seems to carry an  article which says Chinese ex-soldiers(a colonel and his men) confessed  that they plundered and raped, and faked crimes of Japanese soldiers. And  also in &quot;China Press Jan. 25 1938&quot;, which was published in  Shanghai by Americans, there seems to be an article about &quot;the  activity&quot; of Chinese ex-soldiers in Safty Zone. I am not unwiling to  admit that Rabe was a good man, but, frankly speaking, I doubt whether what  Rabe, who didn't speak Chinese, heard and believed were true. Whether or  not they really happened? Whether or not they were really done by Japanese  soldiers? Rabe wrote that Japanese soldiers appeared with Mausers in their  hands. But, according to Mr. Fijioka and Mr. Higashinakano, in reality,  Japanese soldiers didn't have Mausers, and yet, Chinese soldiers and  policemen had Mausers those days. And also Rabe wrote in a letter  &quot;Futzu Miao are completely burned and plundered down.&quot;(There is  similar description in his diary, as well). But, according to Mr. Akira  Suzuki(the auther of &quot;Shin Nankingdaigyakusatu no Maboroshi&quot;),  Futzu Miao were, in reality, neither burned down nor plundered down. Rabe  must have heard it from someone, and it was wrong. I think Rabe might be  used, without knowing it, by Chiang Kai-shek for his strategy to arouse  world sympathy toward China. These are my doubts.<br />In Iris Chang's  &quot;The Rape of Nanking&quot;, there is a photograph of nearly ten  Chinese women and a few Chinese boys and two Japanese soldiers walking on a  brigde. The caption which Iris Chang gave to this photo is &quot;As the  Japanese moved across China, they rounded up thousands of women. Many of  them were gang raped or forced into military prostitution (Politburo of  Military Committee, Taipei)&quot;.  But, according to &quot;The Study of  'The Rape of Nanking'&quot; by Mr Fujioka and Mr Higashinakano, this photo  first appeared in a Japanese photo weekly &quot;Asahi Gurafu, Nov.10  1937&quot; as one of a set of four photos taken by a correspondentof  &quot;The Asahi&quot;, Mr Kumasaki. The man who found this fact first is Mr  Ikuhiko Hata. The original is a large photo, and you can see a girl and a  boy are smiling. The original caption is &quot;A group of women and  children returning from farm work protected by our soldiers&quot;. The  reason why the villagers must have been protected by Japanese soldiers is  because it was quite common for Chinese soldiers those days to loot, rape,  set fire and kill. In the other three photos, you can see villagers picking  cotton, villagers selecting cotton and a family standing with Japanese  soldiers. Probably most people living out of Japan still don't know these  facts. So I write this. Here again, Iris Chang and Penguin Books have been  deceiving readers.
B000002J09|5.0|I can't understand how anyone who claims to be a true fan of classic rock n' roll can not love this album to death.  It's truly one of the few albums (right along Floyd's Dark Side of the Moon) that you can listen to the  entire album straight through repetitively.<br />Although this album will  always be remembered for &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot; and &quot;Black  Dog,&quot; I feel that the true bright spots of the album are &quot;Battle  of Evermore&quot; and &quot;When the Levee Breaks.&quot;  However, i have a  hard time understanding why some people have reviewed the album stating  that &quot;Stairway to Heaven's&quot; 8 minute melody is too long.   &quot;Free Bird&quot; is over 10 minutes long and no one seems to complain  about that.  Some of Floyd's best stuff (&quot;Echoes,&quot;  &quot;Dogs,&quot; &quot;Atom Heart Mother&quot;) is also well over 15-20  minutes.  <br />In closing, unless you truly have some kind of vendetta  against rock n'roll or Led Zeppelin, i find it almost impossible for  someone not to enjoy this album thoroughly.
020161622X|5.0|I want to give a resounding thank you and \\"thumbs up\\" to Andrew Hunt and David Thomas.  The Pragmatic Programmer is absolutely great. What a terrific find! I cannot recommend this book highly enough!<br />I was required  to read this for a graduate school course, and quite honestly I was a  little skeptical about reading a book written by programmers.  I am not a  programmer, but must communicate with \\"them\\" in building systems.  I will  use this book as reference constantly, and have already recommended it to  others.<br />This book cuts through all the language barriers that  non-programmers and programmers have and presents information in a very  readable format.<br />I appreciate the witty humor combined with  straightforward explanations.<br />Bravo and thank you!
B00000IAU3|5.0|I read other peoples reviews on this page, having heard the track here with me on roswell, and decided to give the album a go.<br />No regrets! a great album - I'm hooked to Dido's voice already!<br />Quite why this album  has not been released here in the UK is quite beyond me though.
0393317552|5.0|In his provocative work Guns, Germs and Steel, Jared Diamond advances a thesis proclaiming that environmental and ecological factors were of primary importance in determining the eventual rise of the West.  In order  to accomplish this mission Diamond surveys the vast expanses of human  history and traces the development of societies on the different continents  with an emphasis on the environmental factors which contributed to their  varied levels of development. Undergirding his argument is the logical  assumption that men are inherently equal, at least in terms of their  capacities for reasoning and development.  The necessary outgrowth which  flows from this basic assumption is that cultural or societal  differentiation must be explained not by differences between groups of  people, but by differences in their environments.  As all begin with the  same capabilities and potentials, the resulting differences must be found  in how the various environments within which different groups found  themselves, or chose to occupy, shaped their societies.  It is the causal  chain begun by environmental differentiation which Diamond attempts to  explain in Guns, Germs and Steel.<br />While Diamond has been criticized for  ignoring the role of nonenvironmental factors such as religion, this is a  criticism which has been unfairly leveled against him.  Because Diamond is  intentionally focusing on ultimate causes, and not on proximate causes (the  final links in a chain of causality which may have led directly to a  certain result, but which are themselves the result of more significant and  distant causes), he does not and does not need to discuss such factors as  religion.  Religion is simply a proximate cause which can itself be  explained by society's response to the set of factors (at their root,  environmental) which Diamond is intent on describing.  <br />In short,  Diamond's work is not perfect, but it provides a thesis which is as  coherent and complete as permitted by the nature of his inquiry (you try  describing a process that occurs over many millenia without relying on  inference to some extent).  It does not ignore the &quot;true&quot; (aka  final) causes of the West's rise, it simply relegates them to their proper  position as simply other symptoms of a more all encompassing chain of  causation.  This is no oversight and nothing to lament.  A study of such  causes is a worthy enterprise, but it is one that is entirely separate from  Diamond's undertaking in Guns, Germs and Steel.
B000002BVN|3.0|This is definitely Michael's worst album to date, if you can call it an album.  It was released around the time of the History world tour in order to promote Jackson's global excursions.  Basically, the release consists of  5 NEW songs and a series of remixes of some of History's tracks.  Three of  the 5 new tracks are really good.  These include: BOTDF, Ghosts, and Is it  Scary.  The other 2 new tracks, Morphine and Superfly Sister, are OVERLONG  and quite boring; these 2 songs sound very much like filler tunes.  This  album would score 4 of 5 stars if it consisted of the 5 new tracks alone  (and perhaps a few more).  The remixes, however, are absolutely horrific.   I'm not quite sure why Michael decided to release these remixes.  The  originals from &quot;History&quot; were clearly far better!  I purchased  this CD just last year and am somewhat happy with it.  If you can't wait  for MJ to release his next album, buy this one, even if only for the 5 new  tracks.  I look forward to your next album Michael!
068484267X|5.0|Angela's Ashes was a fantastic book that underlied Frank McCourt's young life of struggles.<br />Through all of the struggles and illnesses that this young boy went through he always found a way to get through things.  <br />His  family were not this richest in Ireland and they suffered a lot.  From  times begging for food to his father who was an alcoholic and would spend  his wages on pints; while his wife and children literally starved.<br />This  book made me realize that life is good and that one shouldn't complain  about the materialistic things, of what you have and don't have.  Frank  McCourt and his family were ones that made it through it all.<br />Frank  McCourt took on the roll of a man, something his father never did when he'd  work. Frank made sure his brother wouldn't starve and would take him for  fish and chips and some lemonade.  He was sincere and never minded doing  this.<br />An excellent book, everyone must read...
6305903182|4.0|When Scream came out and I saw it in theatres, I loved it.  The characters  were good and well rendered, and the script was both funny and thrilling.   When the sequel came out, I had believed that no sequel could surpass the  original, but Scream 2 proved me wrong.  Therefore, I figured that Scream 3  would triple the fun and thrills.  It didn't.<br />The movie was shockingly  unoriginal.  Though the main characters were good, the fallback characters  were paper-thin, with no personality at all (excluding Parker Posey, who  was great).  You didn't care when the killer popped out and slit their  throat, because you really didn't know them like you knew the characters in  the last two.<br />Also, there were really no 'good and thrilling' scenes.   The postmodern killer-jumping-out-of-a-dark-corner stuff and then BAM!  someone is dead just didn't work.  Where were the good Kevin Williamson  suspense scenes, like the car scene or the soundstage scene in Scream  2?<br />But, you see that I have given the movie four stars.  This is because  of the ending, which makes up totally for the rest of the movie.  As soon  as Sid is called at the police station and arrives at the mansion, all hell  breaks loose and you are launched on a twenty-minute-long roller coaster.   EXCELLENT ENDING, better than the previous two movies' endings.  It was  original, suspenseful, had a bomb fight scene b/w Sid and the killer, threw  in some twists, and resolved in a way that wasn't corny.  Believe it or  not, that twenty minutes saved this film and made it worth the money.
B00004TH7Z|3.0|I don't know...I guess I was a expecting more earlier Maiden now that Bruce and Adrian came back....at least as far back as Fear of the Dark if not farther.  This album sounds too much like Virtual XI (..which really  wasn't that good) and X Factor.  Bruce's voice is a major improvement over  Blaze's but lyrically it could use a bit of work.  There's places here and  there that sounds..well...cheesy...<br />I suppose Bruce's solo work is just  that, his solo work, and Maiden is a separate entity, but it would have  been nice to have a few heavy pieces like ones from Chemical Wedding and  Accident of Birth to appear in this album too.  All in all, it's a definite  improvement, but don't expect Powerslave or Somewhere in Time here guys.   It's still a new Maiden album.  I guess I had different expectations than  what alot of the reviewers here had when I heard Bruce and Adrian came  back.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Hard to explain the devine feeling. Maiden took me back in time, sure did, and the album made me realized how much I missed Bruce. The ablum is mixture of Piece of Mind, 7th son and Virtual 11. First 6 songs r very very  very strong, reminds me of the old kicks, the Lyrics..Stronger than ever.  The last four didn't left much special impression on me, may be because its  the first time I am listening to it, I hope it will grow......The guiter  attack kicks, and kicks, and kicks, the most devine feeling I ever had,  just too perfect, If u r a IM fan, u would know dave's guiter, and adrian,  like they r talking to each other, so prominent, and OH Christ there is  Steve( the best producer, and player), u can here his BASS, the tapping  sound is so perfect. I am glad Bruce is back, he sure can SING. May be the  best thing happen to IM. Don't under Estimate the power of IM though, cause  IRON MAIDEN is IRON MAIDEN, not about BRUCE alone, well I loved his solos.  As a fan from 1986, I realized that each is of them is unique, can't be  compared, and IM is about the music they create, and yes, bruce got one of  the best vocal...and this is a fan who will spend his last DIME in IM. But  I needed a break from the NO PRAYER and FEAR OF THE DARK, is it the  producer?  U tell me! Seems like Steve, nicko, and Dave was there, the  rest were missing....Well enough of it.. each song stands for itself..if u  r a Maiden fan, this is a must for u, so is for any metalhead, or else your  collection is incomplete......Well I can't stop writing...cause I am  listening to BNW nowwwwww, this album will tell u that there is one and  only one Heavy metal band that will show u how 1 can come back and take u  back in TIMEEEEEEEEEEEE,,, through a new album and <br />AAAAAAAAAAAA  BRAVEEEEEEEEEEE NEWWWWWWW WORLDDDDDD
B00004T8RK|5.0|Binaural Pearl Jams Sixth Studio Album (Live on Two Legs dosent count) is Aguably The Bands Greatest work. Or at least tied with Yeild. Basically YOU MUST BUY THIS ALBUM. If you dont you will regret it later.  See you in  Atlanta Aug.7
B00000IPAX|5.0|blink182 enema of da state is the coolest cd, it has their forthcoming singles on it e.g. all the small things, dumpweed, what's my age again and some wicked other tracks a gr8t audio cd! BUY IT
B00003CX59|5.0|This movie is a must see.  It's cinematography is excellent, as are all the performances.  Tim Burton has again done an excellent job at directing.  This movie is spooky and yet somewhat romantic.  See this film!
B000007OY0|4.0|This is a really good movie. I suppose I could just leave that sentence and not write any more, but I feel that I need to jabber on about how it is a good movie. <br />I'll start (where most things start) at the beginning. I  am considered a movie buff at school, yet up until last month, I had not  seen 'The Shawshank Redemption.' Everyone had told me about how good it  was, but time after time I kept passing it up.  It's not that I didn't want  to see it, but I wanted to see others more.  Finally, one day, I saw it on  sale in a video store, and bought it. I plugged it in, watched it, and was  impressed. Not many people have a bad thing to say about this movie, and I  can understand why. Sure, some of it is predictable, but I didn't forsee  the ending. I thought he had given up halfway through the movie, but I,  like Andy's cellmates, doubted his mental integrity. I respect a movie that  makes the viewer seem like they're living it.<br />Since there's nothing I can  say that hasn't already been said about this movie, I'll just say that I,  along with so many others, disagree with Maltin's review, but I do know  that Maltin never really does review a movie, he just summarizes it.
B00003CWTI|5.0|gravity.  i was so drawn to this film, this prayer, this damage, this hope.  so emotionally enthralled.  it's difficult to articulate.  so, all i'll say is this...when i first saw this film, my life was in an emotional  crossroads.  here's what i'll cherish the most...no one can take away what  i felt the first time i saw this film.  it is permanent.<br />a flawless union  of filmscoremusic and a moment in time.
1558908358|3.0|I enjoyed this movie as a kid (back when I was less critical!), but after watching it for the first time in about 12 years I cant help but feel disappointed.  Why?  Well, no one can question Tron's innovations in  special FX,  but as far as a movie as a complete thought it leaves alot to  be desired.  Though the film is visually stunning and (visually)  imaginative, the acting in this film is downright awful at times, and the  plot leaves alot to be desired.  (And has Disney ever made a film over 90  minutes?)  People say that this film started it all as far as CG  goes...true.  But is this a good thing?  Seems like this movie just told  filmakers they could rely on eye candy to sell tickets, with little effort  put into the script - this trend really started kicking in in the early  90's and is progressively getting worse.  I must use 2001 as the standard  for all sci fi films, it had great FX combined with an incredible story.   2001 (and Jurassic park, for that matter)  shows how FX can be used to  acheive a complete cinematic experience, this film just says &quot;Hey,  look what our toys can do! &quot;  The DVD is downright cheap, a la  Disney, with virtually no extras and a crummy piece of paper with chapter  titles as opposed to a booklet (which is why i bought it used rather than  give my money to Disney).  The picture quality was crisp, but for some  reason this DVD pauses slightly during chapters, which Ive never  experienced on any other DVD's I own, including the Matrix.   All in all,  its acheivements in SFX cannot be denied and must be applauded.  However,  this film really now only serves as either a trip down memory lane, or as a  historical piece in the progress of SFX.  With a better script this movie  would have been dynamite...oh well.
0316777722|5.0|I am a huge fan of David Sedaris and I loved this book.  The essays in this collection are divided into two parts:  One and Deux, covering the author's life in the U.S. and in France.  Anybody who has studied a foreign  language, at home or abroad will recognize some of Sedaris' struggles.  One  of my favorite essays is called &quot;Jesus Shaves&quot;, which describes  an attempt by fellow foreign language students to describe Easter to a  another student in French.  Using their limited vocabulary, they manage:   &quot;It is...a party for the little boy of God who call his self Jesus  and...&quot;  &quot;He call his self Jesus and then he be die one day on   two...morsels of...lumber&quot;.   Very enjoyable essays.  They will cheer  you up!
0385493800|4.0|I rate 4 stars because I haven't finished the book yet.  My comment has to do with source material:  Is it possible that the names &quot;Nate&quot; and &quot;Rachel&quot; are taken from members of the team of missionaries serving the Aucas in Ecuador (with Mission Aviation Fellowship) when 5 of  the men were attacked and killed in January of 1956?  Nate Saint was one of  the dead.  Rachel Saint,his sister, and one of the widows moved to the  region and lived with the Aucas for many, many years.<br />Mr. Gresham,if you  pick up this comment, I would dearly love a response.  Testament brought  back many memories of that true story. Thank you for reminding me of their  sacrifice......................
B00003XACV|5.0|This is by-far Thomas Newman's best work to date. I loved the Shawshank score, and didn't think he could top that.  He has.  For those of the reviewers I've seen who berate this beautiful CD as having &quot;no  themes,&quot; rate track #10 as &quot;unlistenable,&quot; and recommend the  &quot;selections&quot; CD which includes the songs, I suggest that you  re-frame your thinking to perceiving the world from inside the mind of  Lester Burnham. This what makes Newman's score so brilliant. The  repetitious percussive themes are like the inner workings of a clock, which  gets wound tighter and tighter, and track #10 is the mainspring breaking  and unwinding, with it's de-tuned instruments with quarter-tones.  Get this  score, and you can't help but have the vivid scenes of Sam Mendes and the  brilliant cinematography of Conrad Hall leap to mind.  Bravo, Mr. Newman!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Man.....I didn't think the day would come when Iron maiden would be real again. I also didn't think that a vocalist and a guitarist could be so critical to a bands' success. They just aren't Maiden without  them.<br />Excellent album.....<br />BUY IT!
6305897786|5.0|First of all,i would like to say that i was very impressed when i first saw this film.It had someway difference than any other films i've ever seen.Maybe this film creates its own catagory.It has a hard to catch good  topic,maybe thats why nobody likes it very much or gets bored of the  film.If you wanna taste the pure excitement,watch it carefully,dont miss  any items....cause the film is all about small important items.Last thing  to say: 'some books can be more powerful than you could ever imagine'.I  believe in that,and you can have this idea easily after seeing this film.I  strongly recommend to everyone searching for something...
0783230893|5.0|One of my English teachers showed us this video in the class. I remembered that we were really moved and since then I tell every friend of mine that this video is just great. I read the book last year and thought it was  kinda different from the movie but also the book was very good. I give this  video to my friends on thier birthday whenever I have a chance. I have  learned how importnat the friendship is from this video. If you are  wondering what you should give to your precious friend, simply get this  video for her!
B00004SCX6|3.0|I just felt the need to warn all you people like myself that have a tendency to buy what is hot at the moment.  This C.D. is straight form the N Sych/Backstreet Boys factory.  There are a few fun songs but there are  also many annoying moments.  Britanys' voice is much weaker than I could  tell from her previous album and has a tendency to wear on your nerves.   The music on this album is  intense causing her shrill voice to be very  present. The lyrics are weak for the most part and the little talking bits  in the songs don't seem as interesting as they did when Janet Jackson did  it years ago.  I also feel the need to thank Britany's major influences for  her since she would never admit them herself.  On her behalf I would like  to thank Samantha Fox whos' chessy version of Satisfaction was clearly her  inspiration and of course we need to thank Debbie Gibson with the noteable  exception that Debbie can write and sing.
B0000027RL|5.0|Realeased in 1991 during the grunge scene this cd is very in your face &amp; emotional. This is a classic with some amazing songs like &quot;once&quot;,&quot;even flow&quot;, &quot;alive&quot;, &amp;  &quot;jeremy&quot;, &amp; it's not like the others aren't good either! I  like every song on this album &amp; recommend it to anyone who likes Pearl  Jam or want to see what they are like..
B00004SCX6|2.0|O.K. for one to produce a sucessful follow-up to their originalalbum, it must come with a new sound that improves upon the original.And Brit, I'm sorry to say that you weren't even remotely close on this one.  Normally, I am a big fan of Ms. Spears, and I will continue to be, assuming that she can improve upon this horrendous effort to create an entire C.D. that basically sounds like &quot;Crazy&quot; but just with different words.  Granted, there was the occassional spot of greatness in songs such as &quot;When Your Eyes Say It&quot; and &quot;Stronger&quot; all I ask is &quot;BRINEY WHY CANT ALL YOUR SONGS BE LIKE THOSE?&quot; I mean if she could come up with something original for those two tracks, then why not for the rest of the album, did she run out of ideas? I'm not going to criticize Britney herself, as she is a great talent, with great vocals, but this C.D. seemed more of an attempt to elevate her already astronomical status of teen pop queen.  But Brit, it's O.K. everyone makes mistakes.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|If you think metal has died, think again. Iron Maiden is back with some of the most powerful and moving music they've made in years. Bruce wails with new wondrous, operatic tones while Maiden's new three guitar rampage  crunches out rythmic poundings under an X-factor style beat and bass. The  only problem one might have with the album are the few mediocre solos that  pasted on it all throughout. Nevertheless, the songs are astoundingly well  composed and some of them even sound particularly old-school at times. That  is another suprising thing with this album: how Maiden has managed to churn  out something different while still keeping with their well-accepted metal  traditions. While most other old-school metal bands such as  Megadeth/Metallica have withered and strayed entirely from their roots to a  more modern (and entirely dull) sound, Maiden continues to please the fans  of their early days. For being released in the year 2000, and still  sounding this good, this album is unbelievable. Don't just take my word for  it. The other ninety or so 5-star reviews of this album can't be wrong.
B00004SCX6|3.0|Not Bad but just to repetitve. Contrary to what Britney and Jive thought about &quot;Oops I did it again&quot;, it is not the best song. Unfortnatly, the song sound exactly like BOMT (baby one more time),  therefore its a little tiring. Not a bad song but just tiring. The best  song is &quot;Dont let me be the last to know&quot;. One of the only songs  that doesnt sound the same to every other song on the album. &quot;Dont go  knocking on my door&quot; is about my least favorite. I like R&amp;B but  this song is a horrible attempt at an R&amp;B song. It just is very  annoying. &quot;I cant get no satisfaction&quot; although not better than  the original stones classic, isnt very bad. Its is a decent remake. The  celine sounding &quot;Where you are now&quot; and the jazzy &quot;when your  eyes say it&quot; are pretty good ballads that arent boring but very  peacefull. Athough i dont see Britney as a ballad singer, those came out  pretty well. As for the rest of the album, they all sound like the oops.  Therefore they are a little tiring. &quot;What U see is what you get&quot;  which is the best of the remaining songs is the  catchiest with  &quot;Lucky&quot; following it. None of songs are bad songs except for Dont  Go knockin. They are mostly OK songs but they just all sound the same. It  just gets a little annoying hearing the &quot;same song&quot; over and  over.
0783242808|5.0|In todays era of low brow humor it was a true joy to see American Pie burst on to the scene.  It may be about the quest of high school boys attempting to loose their virginity by the end of high school, but this  film maintains its heart.  It is simply the best film ever made about  youthfull mature topic matter.  Yes, you will laugh from begining to end  with this one,  but you will also relate to it in some way.  In a way,  American Pie made me feel seventeen again.  Check it out, great film!
B00003ZA0T|5.0|THis is makes you want to punch a hole through the wall and who doesn't want to that.  THis is an awsome cd but you guys are stupid to pay this much so why don't you just go buy it from wherehouse or somthing like  that! 1
6305627347|5.0|If you have seen South Park on the T.V. you no doubt are familiar with its brand of low brow humor.  The film is a bit more of the same but this time, its bigger, louder and or course, uncut.  These kids are every mothers  nightmare, and this film alows them to get it all off thier chest.  The  film does point to some rather amusing subject matter though.  It points  out the common nature of violence in the media and how a sware word should  be far less offensive but, somehow is not?   You just have to see this one  to belive it,  but its not for the little kiddies though...  Everyone else,  enjoy, South Park is truley a riot.
B000003TAW|5.0|Weezer is the best band of the 1990's and it shows in this album.  Rivers Cuomo is one of the best songwriters of all time, his words are haunting and can touch even the coldest soul.  The band's music hooks you and  doesn't let go, since their 1996 release of &quot;Pinkerton&quot; the band  hasn't put anything new out.  But fear not faithful Weezer fans, an album  should be out by the end of 2000! =w= forever.
B000002MTU|5.0|Regardless of what others say about this CD, I've been an Eric Clapton fan since the mid 60's and I love this CD - listen to often - playing along with my guitar, bass or drums. I'm not going to compare him to the  traditional blues players but just get into the music and his style and  approach to the blues. His solos really &quot;kick&quot; on some songs and  the overall variety of blues songs on this CD make it an enjoyable  experience for me each time I listen to it.
0790739909|5.0|Five stars in my opinion. I'm not actually reviewing even though I do think the movie earns five stars. I'm here to say, even though most of you might have realized, Wim Wenders worked on the screen work for City of  Angles so that's probably was why some of the scenes in City of Angels were  identical to some of the scenes in Wings of Desire.
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Her near nakedness upon the television screen was the first taste of Fiona Apple I personally had, her frailty slightly shocking.  I figured this was another fad that would eventually pass, as I didn't care much for the song.   But this album was recommended to me through Amazon.com and I decided to  give it a chance.  So many emotions are played out through this CD it's  amazing - Fiona pulls you into her world and you can almost feel yourself  being tugged this way and that as the music progresses.  Her sultry voice  easily captures you.
0440224764|4.0|I had a hard time at first trying to feel sympathy for a lawyer who stole $90 million, faked his death leaving behind a wife and daughter, and starting over with a beautiful stranger (also a lawyer) in another country.  As the story unraveled though Patrick Lanigan became less of the &quot;bad  guy&quot; I first imagined.  Twists and turns along the way, _The Partner_  kept me turning pages and wanting more.  Another hit by John Grisham!
B00002MZ12|5.0|In all honesty I had never thought Alanis Morissette would pull off a live CD as amazing as this one. She's GOOD live and maintains that personal feeling she brings to all her albums. I would recommend this to the new  Alanis listener, many of her songs from different albums are brought  together here to give you a taste of a lot of her music.  The old Alanis  fan would find much here as well, different feels are given to her songs,  &quot;You Oughta Know&quot; is brought down away from the anger from the  original version to a softer sadness.  While the new sound of  &quot;Ironic&quot; allows it to be listened to again (the original was so  overplayed).<br />A great CD!
0375703764|5.0|I loved this book. It scared me out of my skin and made me laugh, sometimes in very close instances. The decision of the author to write the book in the form it's in was, I believe a good choice, as it helped convey  the feeling of objectivity. This objectivity made the book scarier, because  you never knew when a character might be killed, or worse.
B00003CX7L|4.0|I loved the first Toy Story and was reluctant to see this one.  Disney can  never manage a decent sequel. Except for the Rescuers.  The animation was  nicely done and the characters were great.  The only reason I ended up  seeing this movie was because of this scene I heard about from my friend  between other Buzz and Zurg. Can we say &quot;Empire Strikes Back&quot;?   It was great. Being a Star Wars fan, I appreciated it.  Anyway, the story  line was good and I loved Jessie. Finally Disney has pulled off a good  sequel.  And, as I said before, the animation was cool. Pixar and Disney  should team up more often.
B00000AFGM|5.0|Instead of making another ANTICHRIST SUPERSTAR, it's obvious early on in &quot;Great Big White World&quot; that Manson isn't afraid to take chances by drastically changing his sound, or his image.  These songs are powerful  and contain familiar themes of living in a fake and hateful society, but  this time Manson also focuses greatly on the subject of increasing drug  dependency by so many people in this world.  Unlike ANTICHRIST SUPERSTAR,  everything here seems a bit overproduced and arena-ready, but almost every  track sounds amazing.  The most impressive might be &quot;Rock Is  Dead&quot; with its hurried pace and explosive chorus similar to the one in  &quot;The Beautiful People.&quot;  Other notable songs include the somewhat  overplayed &quot;The Dope Show,&quot; the eerie ballad &quot;The Speed Of  Pain,&quot; the humorous &quot;I Don't Like The Drugs, But The Drugs Like  Me,&quot; the sweetly ominous &quot;The Last Day On Earth,&quot; and the  impressive closer &quot;Coma White.&quot;  Some people dislike Manson all  together and others hated his drastic change of image, but actually it's  refreshing to see at least one artist who understands that making the same  song over and over again can get really boring even though it may increase  chances of staying on the sales charts longer.
0783242808|4.0|It was a pretty good movie that definetly had its funny parts.  It was almost like 10 things I hate about you but it kept being funny (10 things started out hilarious but then dulled down into romance.)  If you watch  Alison Hannigan (Willow from Buffy the vampire slayer) on buffy and expect  her to be type casted you are dead wrong.  This movie was worth buying if  only for Alison's &quot;love making&quot; scene.
B000002TQV|5.0|I've never understood all the hype over OK COMPUTER and the lack of recognition THE BENDS received.  Both albums are excellent, but THE BENDS is more melodic and showcases the beauty in Thom Yorke's vocals better than  Radiohead's two other major releases.  Nothing here is as plodding as  &quot;Creep&quot; from PABLO HONEY and there's as much depth overall  musically and lyrically as on OK COMPUTER's best moments.  Perhaps the best  song Radiohead has recorded yet is &quot;High And Dry,&quot; which has to  be one of the most underappreciated rock ballads of the 90's.  Nearly every  song on THE BENDS is notable, but my other favorites are the odd &quot;The  Bends,&quot; the hard rocking &quot;Bones,&quot; the sad love song  &quot;Black Star,&quot; and the touching &quot;Street Spirit (Fade  Out),&quot; which has both a beautiful and dark tone similar to &quot;High  And Dry.&quot;  Some may find the concept and experimental nature of OK  COMPUTER more appealing, but I prefer simply the good songs found here.
0812550706|5.0|I read Ender's Game all at once the week before Christmas of eighth grade. It's one of those books where by the end you're reading so fast you can't absorb everything and when you're finished you're exhausted. Ender himself  is amazing. The end just blows your mind. The book also raises a lot of  philosophical quesions, although the sequel does that more. I think Orson  Scott Card's style is fabulous, for the Ender series at least. In fact,  after I read some of his other books and found them too be slightly  patronizing and immature, I came back and read Ender's Game again,  expecting to be disappointed. I wasn't, in any sense of the word.
B000006NPY|5.0|I'm sad to hear the Pumpkins may break up at the end of the year, but they will never be forgotten because of works such as ADORE.  Nobody bought this album and it seemed to signal the band's dominance was coming to an end.   Although the horrible boy groups and unoriginal teen singers were partly to  blame, the quality of the music certaintly isn't.  This is diverse,  melodic, and dark introspection that was appropriate during a time when the  Pumpkins were dealing with death and a seperation from drummer Jimmy  Chamberlain.  Still, without his intense drums and the usual guitars and  pounding bass, these songs have power and meaning.  &quot;Ava Adore&quot;  is a light rocker with clever lyrics, &quot;Perfect&quot; expands upon the  genius of MELLON COLLIE's &quot;1979,&quot; while &quot;Daphne  Descends&quot; is a dreamy track containing some guitar-rock rarely heard  elsewhere on ADORE.  Some of the other enjoyable moments come from the 70's  sounding &quot;Tear,&quot; which sounds like Corgan is singing with Led  Zeppelin behind him, and the light pop in &quot;The Tale Of Dusty And  Pistol Pete.&quot;  Another interesting element is the use of piano in  several songs and this is best seen in &quot;For Martha,&quot; an  appropriate ode to Corgan's late mother.  In time, more people will  discover the brillance of ADORE because this is definitely music that's  just too good to go unnoticed forever.
6300270424|3.0|I still consider myself a big Zeppelin fan although I am actually more into Deep Purple now, but I still like to put in the &quot;Song Remains The Same&quot; from time to time.  However, many people who are not big Zep  fans will not cotton to this video.  It captures the band on an average  night: the end of the 1973 tour, when they had just been robbed of a  fortune at their hotel.  Plant's voice is not at its best, Page (while no  Blackmore technically) does a decent job but seems grumpy at times, Bonham  plays well, and Jones seems like but a &quot;sideman.&quot;  As for the  fantasy sequences, well, they are truly vanity pieces.  I always  fast-forward Jones' ultra-lengthy graveyard horse-riding scene in the  middle of the already highly boring &quot;No Quarter,&quot; and once you've  seen Page turn into the old wizard once, you've seen it enough.  (And his  glowing eyes when he sits by the lake are cool, if you're about 12!) I kind  of like Plant's sequence though, knowing how much he loves Celtic legends.   Otherwise, this is a somewhat amateurish piece of cinema.  I don't usually  comment on things like this, but in places the sound editing is not quite  up to snuff.  Take for instance the scene early on where Plant is walking  with his kids and a messenger delivers a note.  You hear the little boy  giggling, but no dialogue from anyone else.  No one is going to tell me  that Plant took that note without saying &quot;Thank you&quot; or the  messenger saying &quot;I have a note for you.&quot;  And what about that  opening gangster scene?  Who the hell is that werewolf that jumps out in  the middle of the gunfire?  Even when the band is coming out of limos, you  don't hear any dialogue even though Jimmy Page is coughing and other people  are moving their lips.  Also, what the hell is Plant talking about  backstage when he goes, &quot;Everybody goes yeah--bash! &quot;  And what  about that stoned girl outside going &quot;Any tickets for sale?&quot;  and  everyone just ignores her?  For some reason she reminds me of a girl I used  to date.  By contrast those two kids who bribe their way in remind me of my  friend and I when we were teens.  What an uneven film.  Don't get me wrong,  though, if you're a hardcore fan buy it if you haven't already had it since  the day the video was released!
B00004TH83|5.0|Magnificient pop singing goes to a new level. &quot;Givin' Up On You &quot; is the pop performance of the year.
0375420525|1.0|What a complete waste of time...  I'll admit that I did get into it at the beginning and even had trouble sleeping for a couple nights from a slight case of the heebie-jeebies, but my interest proceeded in a downward spiral  much like the near-infinite staircase encountered in the Navidson house.  I  never felt the slightest connection with any of the characters, and became  increasingly annoyed with the narrator's ramblings, the overdone  explanations, and the style of the book in general.  Reading this book  became more like a chore, with the only motivation to keep reading being  that I'd be able to start a new book as soon as I finished.  Though, in the  end, this motivation proved to be insufficient... just got too fed up and  moved on.  This is the first book I've ever not completed, and after  delving into something new, my joy of reading immediately returned and made  me wish I'd dropped this one along time before I finally did.  I went in  with high hopes and an open mind, but came out utterly disappointed... save  your time and money, and read anything else.
0345410025|5.0|I can personally attest to the techniques in this book.I am a sports announcer part-time,and it is necessary for me to memorize entire rosters and player statistics.Using Harry's Peg system,I am able to memorize two  football teams with 90 players each week.You'll also find yourself  memorizing decks of cards,and even the amazing perpetual calender  stunt!Learn this stuff and you will amaze your friends-but more importantly  you'll get better grades,more promotions,make warmer friendships,and  impress people.You can't miss!
B000031WD9|2.0|Thankfully I'm 20, so I just escaped those confusing teenage years.  First off let me say that this movie is not very realistic, some of the relationships are, but the comedy is way out of place.  Some of the things  that are meant to be funny are just plain stupid.  I went through all this  teenage stuff just like everyone else, but the stuff here is not realistic,  and the comedy is just not funny.  What's so funny about a someone having  &quot;fun&quot; with a pie or body fluids in a glass of beer (it wasn't  pee).  Another thing is the inconsistant plot.  First off their whole goal  is to have sex and that is the goal of the movie (if you haven't seen it,  stop reading here), then at the end they realise they have morals and  having sex this early would be a mistake, but then they just do it anyway!  Very inconsistant. Plus this doesn't even compare to other movies of its  genre.  Not Reccomended.<br />The DVD is very good though, with many extra  features, but for this movie, why would you want them?
B000002AVF|5.0|Mariah is da bomb coz she writes her own music and lyrics which celine dion, whitney houston, britney spears, christina aguilera can't do. I luv this album and luv the song 'When I saw you' . It's gorgeous. She writes  really pretty lyrics too. (when she does.)
B00004TWZF|5.0|Luc besson is without a doubt one of the best directors and screenwriters the world has to offer. His vision for all his films are outstanding. He uses all his actors/actresses to the best of their ability ( jean  reno-leon,godzilla) is superb at the man with the big lungs, Jean marc barr  as the quiet layed back person looking for his place in this world. There  are funny moments aswell as sad pieces in this film. The camera work is  stunning and set locations are heaven.This movie will stay with you long  after it has finised. Thank you luc for this film and lets have the man in  hollywood for all action films being produced.
158234082X|3.0|The cover blurbs seemed to me to tout this as some sort of &quot;expose&quot; of the restaurant industry. Instead, it's an autobiography. Entertaining, but no big deal. FWIW, I do agree with the  author's opinion regarding truly useful knives in the kitchen.
6301763041|5.0|This has to be the best film around. It is so much fun and you never get bored of it. I have watched it about 10 times in 4 days. Plus Johnny Depp is goddamn fine! Seriously-watch it. You'll love it!
158234082X|2.0|The problem is that it seems to be touted as some kind of &quot;expose&quot; when in reality it's just an egotistic autobiography, with an annoying New York attitude to boot. There are entertaining moments,  but not enough to justify the blurbs or the price.
0800116917|5.0|This movie has one of the best original scores in the history of cinema. The wide screen shots of the desert are amazing. Truly an epic, worthy of Homer. Ironic, I suppose, considering T.E. Lawrence went on to write a  translation of The Oddysey(under the pseudonym T.E. Shaw).
6303014100|5.0|First of all I am not an American and on top of that I have been ignorant to history but this movie changed me. I was immediately captivated by the beauty of the country and this dramatic story of human tragedy. This story  is beautifully told and within a blink of an eye I was able to switch  sides. It seems one is able to understand both sides and feel for all of  them. But the key to understanding this war in my mind can be found in the  speach that Colonel Chamberlin held when he talked to the mutineers of the  2nd Maine. He said that this war is about freedom for all men and that in  this country you are judged by what you are and not by what your father  was. &quot;This is the place to build a home ! &quot; The scenery is  spectacular, the war is brutal but not too bloody and the human tragedy  will stirr up your emotions. I love the music as well. See it but be  prepared to be changed !
6304119046|5.0|Anyone who gives this movie less than 4 stars is simply stupid. Sorry. If one knows what was going on behind the cameras(by reading &quot;The Road to Xanadu&quot; or watching RKO 281 or whatever), then it's even more  enjoyable than if one goes in blind.<br />To those who are giving this movie 1  star reviews, and to those annoyed by the 1 star reviews: The groundling  mentality has always been around, but fortunately it used to involve some  shame. Don't review things you are too uncouth to appreciate.<br />A warning:  If you think movies need a plethora of one-liners, nudity, or violence, do  not watch this movie because you will hate it.
0060920084|5.0|An absolute gem of a travelogue!  The author effectively weaves his early memories of traveling across the U.S. with the journey described in this book.  The narrative is informative, witty, and peppered with an occasional  sarcasm that is an absolute joy to read. <br />This is one of those rare books  that makes you laugh out loud.  Sort of Monty Python, Groucho Marx, and  William Least Heat Moon all together!
089381525X|5.0|Photographer Salgado's unique photographic works are internationally acclaimed pieces: this presents his ongoing focus on the industrial age and the human condition. He defines his work as 'militant photography'  dedicated to an understanding of man in society: this provides over three  hundred duotone photos from an archaeological perspective of the human  activities which have defined the Industrial Revolution past to present.  His introductory text provides fine explanation of his photographic focus  and intentions.
B0000024SI|5.0|It's as if Bob were responding to certain controversies that arose around his previous album, namely that he shouldn't go electric, that no good could come of it.  Oh yeah?  BAM!  With a wonderful gunshot drum beat --  probably the best album-opening sound of all time -- opens &quot;Like A  Rolling Stone,&quot; the first track on &quot;Highway 61&quot; and in my  opinion the greatest rock song ever written.  I know that by admitting  &quot;Like A Rolling Stone&quot; is my favorite on the album, I'm  sacrificing being at the highest level of Dylan hipness (&quot;real&quot;  Dylan fans only like songs of his that no one else has heard of), but I  can't help it.  I can't listen to this song and not feel great.  I  apologize to the blues/acoustic purists, and also to those of you who  categorically hate all Dylan songs that are popular with the masses.  <br />That said, the rest of the album is also great.  The title track, for  example, is hilarious, full of that inimitable Dylan humor that pervaded  such earlier songs as &quot;I Shall Be Free.&quot;  Basically, there's no  filler between the aforementioned opener and the surreal and apocalyptic  (if not catchy) closer, &quot;Desolation Row.&quot;  And while only the  opener would become a hit, every song would prove to be a classic to some  degree.  For hardcore Dylan scholars, therefore, this album is essential.   For the rest of us, it's a new way to view popular music, as innovative now  as when it was released.
B00004BZ16|4.0|&quot;Sandinista!&quot; has been terribly underrated by critics and shockingly overrated here. It most certainly is not a five-star album: there is shameful self-indulgence here (brevity can be a virtue!) and you  have to pan through some dirt to find the gold (a double album would have  been perfect instead of the triple as originally issued). But gold there  is. &quot;The Leader,&quot; &quot;Something about England,&quot;  &quot;Somebody Got Murdered,&quot; &quot;One More Time,&quot; &quot;Up in  Heaven,&quot; &quot;Police on my Back,&quot; &quot;The Call Up,&quot;  &quot;Washington Bullets,&quot; and &quot;Charlie Don't Surf&quot; are  outstanding. Really, though, after &quot;Charlie&quot; there isn't much  unless you're into weird sound-effect tape loops. And yet, kudos to the  boys for trying all this stuff. Yeah, I like &quot;Sandinista!&quot; a lot,  but I think all these five-star reviews are reactions to its constant  criticism by music critics. Four is just right.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This just in, Eminem has now offended every single artist and celebrity in the world in his new album The Marshall Mathers LP. This CD just totally blows your mind away, and it is not good for a person who takes things  seriously or for young children. It is as dirty and as raunchy as they  come. But it is pure rap genius!
B00000JCY0|5.0|Finally, The Sweet's best album is out on CD!  This is a must for all glam rock fans young and old!  O.K. this album contains a few typical Sweet singles too, but this is the band at its best!  Who said that Queen was the  only band with vocal harmonies?  Think again, friends! All of the four  members really show us what they are capable of on this record. Just check  out \\"Set Me Free\\" (covered by Saxon much later) and the title track \\"Sweet  F.A.\\"     This is hard glam rock at its best. To live a full life; Don't  miss this one!  Please!
6304765231|5.0|This movie is high in my Top Ten of &quot;All the World has to see this Movie&quot; list. It is a Masterpiece of everyone involved, it has one of the most touching plots of all time, why am I writing this?  You all know  it!  If not, you miss one of the greatest movies of all time!
0385495315|5.0|I may be great in science and education, but I still have problems with mathematics. The Code Book is a historical book with a mathematical bent, in which the author goes out of his way to make sure the reader understands  what he is talking about. It piqued my interest to see that this particular  book did not confine itself to the twentieth century, but rather searched  for the development of codes as civilization and military intrigue demanded  them. It was always a little surprising to find out why some codes are so  easily understood by some people, and yet others with good backgrounds  could not see the key, even if it was dangling right in front of them. Not  only is the history of code-work interesting, but the type of people  involved in development or breakdown of codes. It seemed like you could  almost profile the type of persons who were going to be successful at this  type of stuff. For a book that is way out of my field, this was really  interesting and enjoyable. Anyone who loves a good puzzle, crossword, or  mystery would enjoy this book, and I highly recommend it! Karen Sadler,  Science Education, University of Pittsburgh, klsst23@pitt.edu
B000000HTM|5.0|Pawn Hearts is the finest album in Van der Graaf Generator's catalog for a number of reasons.  The previous three VdGG albums all have excellent moments and strong material which foreshadows this album, but Pawn Hearts  is the album which ties all the innovations and experiments  together.<br />Perhaps the most prominent difference between prior albums and  this one is the prescence of an immaculate production.  Use of stereo  effects, panning and unusual juxtapositions of instrument volumes all  contribute to the seamless whole of this album.  Another advantage to Pawn  Hearts is the frequent use of Robert Fripp on electric guitar; his playing  here is quite different from his work with King Crimson.<br />All three songs  have an indescribable quality that separates them from all other  progressive rock; though &quot;Man-Erg&quot; begins as rather straight-  forward prog, it deteriorates into a schizophrenic 13\8 saxophone-guitar  riff with stereo panned screams of &quot;Am I really me, or am I someone  else?&quot;  All songs take the listener on a little trip into Peter  Hammill's mind...both the lyrics and the music are written primarily by  him, and only a singular vision such as his could make an album like this  work.  <br />Though there truly is no comparison to an album of this calibre,  albums on a similar intellectual progressive level would be Rush's  _Hemispheres_ and King Crimson's _Lark's Tongue In Aspic_.
B000002J1I|5.0|History hasn't been to kind to this, their \\"populist\\" album, but after almost twenty years a reappraisal is in order. Sure DKTW and Arriving UFO are fluffy, but isn't that what Yes is all about? Don't think they ever took themselves that seriously! The songs are concise and  instrumentation rich. Compositionally Yes is reaching out, but unlike what the next decade would bring, they're still delivering Old Yes Music. Okay, the album suffers from over production and over playing. But this is after all the Last Yes album. The grand finale of On The Silent Wings Of Freedom is a  fitting close to this 'Prog' era of Yes. Rank that song up their with a  Heart of The Sunrise, Yours is no Disgrace or Siberian Khatru. Fun.
B00004T9VY|5.0|I love this CD.  The music is clear and beautiful.  Highly recommended.
6302649943|4.0|The first part of this movie is the scariest I have ever seen. The second half is only half as good.
B00004T9VY|5.0|This music is beautiful.  I love this CD. The sound is crystal clear.  Highly recommended.
B00000JPHF|5.0|Frankenstein is my favorite movie! Its about Dr Frankenstein who with his servent Fritz (not Igor!) collect dead bodies from graves and other places. Then its only the brain left, so Henry Frankenstein sents Fritz to  steel a brain from a universety. But Fritz takes a brain witch was in bad  shape!
B000002C4J|5.0|This Cd is very promising.  It has many great songs, and is very worthwhile.  The best songs are &quot;My Heart Will Go On&quot;, and &quot;Tell Him&quot;
B00000IAU3|5.0|I too bought this cd based on the first track, &quot;Here with me&quot;, the theme song from Roswell.  However, after listening to this cd all the way through a few times the first track is no longer my favorite.   &quot;All you want&quot; and &quot;Take my hand&quot; are wonderful.   Really every song on this cd is good.  Instead of becoming bored with album  after playing it over and over again- I like it more and more.  Very few  albums have that quality. Usually, after a few times of listening to them  you already know what's what and it is no longer a wonderful surprise with  every song.  This cd is still a wonderful surprise- no matter how many  times I listen to it.
B00004SYWZ|4.0|I've been an avid fan since Hunting High and Low.  This album is a great comeback, and I believe represents some of the band's best work to date.  Their music has matured and their style has refined, but the lyrics and  sounds are still as moving as they were on Scoundrel Days.
6302424739|5.0|This is one of the few movies made in the last 20 years or so that really is thoroughly charming and intelligent that you can't help but see it many, many times.  Sir Anthony Hopkins and Anne Bancroft are such great  characters in this movie that you can actually feel yourself in the company  of them and totally forget you are watching a movie. It is a movie that  spans over 20 years and still the relationship that these two enjoy is just  as exciting and fresh as when they first were &quot;introduced&quot; to  each other.  A fantastic friendship by mail develops and a deep friendship  that few in today's world enjoy.  Their love of books is quite believeable  in this movie, because I too have a passion for great literature.  This is  a movie that makes me appreciate the books that I enjoy reading, whether  they are old or new, tattered or in impeccable shape. Both Hopkins and  Bancroft give stellar performances and the supporting cast is outstanding  as well.  I highly recommend this for those who love to sit and become  involved in a movie that has charm, wit, and a captivating plot.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Iron Maiden, one of the die-hard metal bands of the 80's returns with a vengeance with the release of &quot;Brave New World&quot;. Returning to the fold is the signature vocals of Bruce Dickinson and the familiar riffs and  songwriting style of lead guitarist Adrian Smith.  Along with founder  guitarist Dave Murray and Smith's replacement Janick Gers, founding bassist  Steve Harris, and drummer Nicko McBrain, Maiden produce the strongest album  of their career since 1983's &quot;Piece of Mind&quot; (my opnion, thank  you).   Scorching cuts like &quot;The Wicker Man&quot;, &quot;The  Mercanary&quot;, and &quot;The Fallen Angel&quot; pepper the album laced  with the familiar Maiden epic length tunes like &quot;Dream Of Mirrors  &quot; and &quot;The Thin Line Between Love and Hate&quot;, filled with  clever time changes and harmony riffs that made this band a drving force in  metal music for over two decades. Iron Maiden fans, such as this one, will  be not be disappointed.  Up the Irons!
1573301183|5.0|Es emocionante despues de escuchar sus discos, ver el unplugged, si tienes la oportunidad de oirle es genial, pero si no lo has visto fuera de la mala version de MTV debes comprarlo. En el video muestran partes que ni en el CD  aparecen, como el error que comete Layne en &quot;Sludge Factory&quot;  deteniendo todo, o el Intro de Angry Chair con un trozo de Battery de  Metallica o algo por el estilo, el video tiene las mejores tomas que se  pueden realizar, pero le faltaron mas a Sean, Alice in chains en el  unplugged invitan a Scott Olson que es un maestro, se ve  en los punteos de  &quot;Got Me Wrong&quot;, Inez se luce con un intro de &quot;Enter  Sandman&quot; Layne canta genial y da los mejores comentarios, Jerry  cantrell es dios, solo veanlo.....el VIDEO ES GENIAL auque me pregunto por  que miera no dura mas  o pusieron mas pedazos de juego que hicieron, tengo  entendido que el unplugged duro mucho mas de lo normal
B00000FZ1V|5.0|It looks amazing and has more extras then you can shake a proton pack at. You can not whatch the movie on TV after this, you start to notice how annoing the pan and scan and the blurrieness.
0679777547|4.0|If the novel THE CLUB DUMAS were a script pitch for a movie we might say it is ROSEMARY's BABY out of THE BIG SLEEP via RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARC. Lies, forgery, duplicity abound as does the mystery man, mystery woman,  something seen, something half-remembered. Where am I? Is this happening?  There's a scene in THE BIG SLEEP when Humphrey Bogart flips up the front  brim of his usually cool fedora, puts on a pair of borrowed glasses, and  enters a &quot;rare book store&quot; which fronts for a porno outlet.  He  tests the knowledge of the assistant in the book store by asking her for an  non-existent esoteric rare edition of a well known historical text.  She of  course cannot answer one way or the other. THE BIG SLEEP is an excellent  parallel for THE CLUB DUMAS in other areas as well - both have complicated  plots, devious but beautiful females, cigarettes (The burning tip of his  cigarette lit up his fingers in the darkness.  He kept the smoke in his  lungs as long as he could, then exhaled, watching the patterns it made in  the segment of light above the bed.), a number of inexplicable murders,  guns and wit (in one scene when making love our intrepid anti-hero Corso  relates his temporary impotence to an historical military skirmish thus:  &quot; Very carefully he lay down next to her tanned, warm body waiting in  the dark and used what the emperor, out on the muddy fields of Flanders,  would have called an indirect-approach tactic - sizing up the terrain from  the middle distance and making no contact in the critical zone.  From a  prudent distance he played for time in case Grouchy arrived with  reinforcements; he caressed the girl and kissed her unhurriedly on the  mouth and neck.  But no luck. Grouchy was nowhere to be seen.  The old fool  was chasing Prussians miles from the battlefield.&quot; The protaginist in  THE CLUB DUMAS, one Lucas Corso, is a (Bols) gin swilling, hip, book  detective, who rarely takes a bath but who is not averse to making the  beast back to back with leggy Lauren Bacall lookalikes.  The minor  characters too are worthy of THE BIG SLEEP. But there's more. If, dear  reader, you too are are one who likes the look, touch, smell of books then  THE CLUB DUMAS is a real treat as it spends considerable time covering  aspects of literary history, and bookmaking esoterica.  All of the above is  topped off with an intellectual froth of point of view, authorial purpose,  appearance and reality, and deja vu. A significant theme of the novel is  the willingness of the reader to submit to the suspension of disbelief. Not  to do so is to be a loser.  Reading is a game. Thus it is a very serious  activity, indeed, a character asserts that games are &quot;the only serious  activity.&quot; So if there is a thematic heart to this romp it is &quot;if  you want to play, you have no choice but to follow the rules.  Only the  person who respects rules, or at least knows and applies them, can win.  Reading a book is the same: you have to accept the plot and the characters  to enjoy the story.&quot; Dear reader, give yourself up to Arturo  Prerez-Reverte and enjoy the story. It's quite an adventure.back to back with leggy Lauren Bacall lookalikes.  The minor  characters too are worthy of THE BIG SLEEP. But there's more. If, dear  reader, you too are are one who likes the look, touch, smell of books then  THE CLUB DUMAS is a real treat as it spends considerable time covering  aspects of literary history, and bookmaking esoterica.  All of the above is  topped off with an intellectual froth of point of view, authorial purpose,  appearance and reality, and deja vu. A significant theme of the novel is  the willingness of the reader to submit to the suspension of disbelief. Not  to do so is to be a loser.  Reading is a game. Thus it is a very serious  activity, indeed, a character asserts that games are &quot;the only serious  activity.&quot; So if there is a thematic heart to this romp it is &quot;if  you want to play, you have no choice but to follow the rules.  Only the  person who respects rules, or at least knows and applies them, can win.  Reading a book is the same: you have to accept the plot and the characters  to enjoy the story.&quot; Dear reader, give yourself up to Arturo  Prerez-Reverte and enjoy the story. It's quite an adventure.
B00000K2SC|4.0|Not a Great movie. The action scenes hold up after multable veiwings but the story seems to fall apart. Little things start to get annoing (ie the green filter in the Matrix is cool but gets real annoing) Still it is a fun  movie to whatch with some great dialog.
B0000024IE|5.0|when hearing this recording, you are amazed at how dense the recording is. it's just amazing. from the appropriation of prince's feedback-drenched solo from 'let's go crazy' to chuck d's mike skills (who really does bob  and weave like ali) to da crazy flav (whose 911 is a joke adds dimension to  this crazy cartoon of a person), this album hits on all levels. people have  gotten mad with p.e. saying that non-rap fans listen to them. they will  listen because of the sonic assault; they are rock in that way. they don't  just start a beat and let it flow; they add a whole lotta stuff in the mix.  10 years later it still makes eardrums bleed, puts new rappers to shame,  and can be held up as a discourse on life in the streets. a true classic.  p.s. if you're offended by some of the things they say (especially some of  u elvis fans) u still need 2 listen; chuck d. doesn't just shoot from the  hip.
B000002TPS|5.0|I only bought this CD recently, having listened to a tape of bits of it years ago, but I have to say IT ROCKS!   <br />Dave Mustaine's voice can be very strange whilst listening to this but I feel it adds to the Megadeth  style and gives a definite image.<br />My favourite tracks are &quot;Train of  Consequences&quot; and &quot;Youthanasia&quot;.  The lyrics to the second  are superb.  <br />I recommend this CD without reservation.  However it isn't  as good as &quot;Countdown to Extinction&quot; though it sounds and feels  very similar.
B000001ZS3|4.0|Oxygene is widely regarded as the album that commericalised electronic music. Couped up in his bedroom flat in 1976 Jarre took all his learnings from the previous few years of research and produced Oxygene. <br />The album  is divided up into 6 parts lasting for about 40 minutes in total of  soothing electronic music.<br />Part 4 is perhaps the best known track Jarre  has ever written but in fact the first 2 tracks are better. Parts 1,2,4 and  6 are good, and 3 and 5 are slightly 'lost'. <br />It's not as good as  Equinoxe but Oxygene is one of the albums to be heard at least once. The  24bit sound remastering adds a lot more depth to the sound.
B000002KK2|5.0|Certainly the best debut album of the 70's, and maybe the best debut album of all time by a female singer/songwriter. Every single track is a winner. &quot;Company&quot; is a song that would have been worthy of Billie  Holliday, though no one could ever sing those words like Rickie Lee Jones.   &quot;Last Chance Texaco&quot; has a country/folk feel to it with very  clever word play equating a woman in need of love to a car in need of  repair. This recording hits just about every emotional button a human being  can have. If you're not familiar with her work. Start with this and  Pirates. They say most artists have only one masterpiece which overshaddows  their other works.  Rickie Lee Jones has 2 of them. This release and  &quot;Pirates&quot;.
6300183211|1.0|When I saw this one, I was &quot;blown away!&quot;  I could not believe that an actor of Pacino's level would lower himself to such a blatantly racist and sexist bit of filmmaking.<br />Maybe, it was the big paycheck!  Or  was it the lack of dialogue that the actor had to learn?  I would love for  someone to let me know how many times the actor uttered a certain  four-letter expletive that begins with an &quot;F&quot; in this film.  I  lost count!<br />The fact that the major characters were supposedly Puerto  Rican makes the casting of Pacino, Loggia, Mastrantonio, and Bauer a major  faux pas!<br />I could never understand why this one did not receive an  &quot;X&quot; for its violent content and misogynistic depiction of women.  Ultra violent in its final frames, the film is unbearably BAD.<br />And that  ain't GOOD!
B000002TQV|5.0|Radiohead is responsible for 2 of the 90's best. &quot;The Bends&quot; and &quot;OK Computer&quot;. &quot;The Bends&quot; is much easier to get a grip on than &quot;OK Computer&quot;, but both are masterpieces in their own right. The comparisons to Pink Floyd can also be seen here as well as on &quot;OK Computer&quot;. Songs like &quot;Nice Dream&quot; and &quot;Bullet Proof&quot; have that feel to it, though Pink Floyd's sound is much more steeped in a blues tradition. Though I can sit here and say they also seem to be influenced by the likes of REM and Nirvana, they are also influenced by the likes of Genesis (Peter Gabriel era) and King Crimson. Yet all the while, they manage to sound unique.
B00004SCX6|5.0|WoW! I got this yesterdy and I LUV it. I especially like &quot;Don't Let Me Be the Last to know&quot; &quot;Lucky&quot; &quot;Stronger&quot; and &quot;Oops...&quot; I REALLY Recomend this CD for ALL Britney fans. It  won't dissapoint U at all!
B000002KIE|1.0|...musically worthless. Sure it changed everything, but if it's too annoying to listen to more than two times what good is it? If you want real punk greatness, get the Ramones first album, they were revolutionary. The  Sex Pistols were just about image and nothing else.
1573225517|2.0|This book was very highly recommended to me. It was an easy read, but did not deliver any of the promised wit and sparkle. In fact, it was rather dull. The arguments over musical taste were the highpoints, but otherwise,  the characters and events were flat and boring. Plus the constant  self-bashing, supposed to elicit sympathy from the reader, was pathetic.  And no human being, no matter how dim witted, would lie in a muddy flower  patch in their only suit to avoid being seen by an ex-girlfriend. No wonder  she chucked him.
B000002X2B|5.0|This is not really the Jefferson Starship.  This is a project from Paul Kantner and Grace Slick, with the help of alot of friends, recorded during a break from the Jefferson Airplane, just after recording the album  &quot;Volunteers&quot;.  Starship, which evolved from the Airplane, didn't  really become an established group until four years later.  <br />This album  more or less marked the end of the San Francisco psychodelic and political  period of rock and roll.  After, this the Airplane went more pop, the Dead  went country and everyone else just disappeared. In a way, it does lead  into the British progressive period. <br />This a concept album about hippies  taking off in their starship and embarking on a voyage of love and peace.   It may sound like a silly, dated concept now, but Kantner is such a strong  song writer that the words and music still hold up.<br />The music is  fantastic.  A big chunk of it is duets between Jerry Garcia and someone on  piano.  Could it be Grace Slick?  I didn't think she was that talented on  keyboards.   The piano is upfront, slow and deliberate while Garcia's  guitar is playing furiously in the background to set up an etherial mood.
B0000024U8|5.0|I bought the LP when it first came out, and I have never grown tired of it. I think the grooves on both sides of my LP were touching before it finally came out on CD. This is a classic, and it's one of those rare  albums that doesn't have a bad song on it, IMHO.
B000025ADH|5.0|A must buy album which will provide hours of fun and entertainment whatever music your into! It contains their big hit 'Fools Gold' and my personal favourite 'I wanna Be Adored' Stop reading now and buy it!
B000002BBY|5.0|This album is like the paradise music, it has lyrics that have a meaning, the use of many other instruments like mellotron, e-bow, talks about a band who doesn't limit to guitars n' drums, they give music a new meaning. If  you want to hear the greatest music in the world you've gotta have it all  from Oasis
B00004SZWB|5.0|Stevie the wonderful the delightful and always entertaining, would the world suffer without his brilliance?  OF COURSE IT WOULD!  In my mind he is without a doubt one of the most gifted musical talents to have ever  lived!  <br />Hotter than july is HOT period! I love this album, definately  one of my all time favourites, Stevie has such a rich powerful soulful and  beautiful voice, that anyone with hearing will appreciate it, (and I dont  mean with the ears either! )<br />Excellent songwriting and brilliant lyrics  give this album a slight edge over his other high quality works, I  particularily enjoyed 'Happy Birthday' and 'Lately' which my poor old vinyl  record has been mercilessly played over and over for the past several  years! <br />In my humble opinion any work with Stevie Wonder has got to be  awesome so I wont hesitate in HIGHLY RECOMMENDING this album, it is pure  listening pleasure, a worthy addition to anyones collection, SO GO OUT AND  BUY IT!  N O W ! ! ! !
0140441409|3.0|I have owned this title for a number of years and enjoyed it when I first read it. The emperor sought to be a living model of the philosopher-ruler typified by Plato in &quot;The Republic&quot;. Had Marcus Aurelius lived  the totality of what he wrote in his &quot;Meditations&quot;,he would have  been great indeed! History tells of him being  a fierce persecutor of the  Christians. Many innocent people died by his orders since they would not  renounce their faith. A leader-philosopher can also be judged on his  treatment of the most defenseless of the citizenry (or subjects). He  fancied to be a Stoic at heart but certainly was not a genuine  humanitarian.
B000002NHN|4.0|This CD has a lovely tone from a woman with a beautiful voice. However, one note (from an oldie like me) for all of those reviewers who were taken by Loreena's interpretation of Noyes' &quot;The Highwayman&quot;: Phil Ochs  did a haunting version of &quot;The Highwayman&quot; in the 60's on one of  his early albums. Definitely worth a comparison! Also, check out Davis  Massingill's somewhat similar ersatz old folk song &quot;Fairfax  County&quot;
B00003Q438|4.0|The difference between the theatrical release and the special edition version is the difference between 2-D and 3-D. All the questions you were left with in the theater are spelled out for you in the complete version.  The movie takes on a completely different feel, and rightly so.  The cut  version, as good as it was, pales next to the re-cut or (re-glue) so to  speak. Give it a try. It's well worth it, even if you already own the the  regular one.
6301969588|5.0|This movie is disturbing, surreal, and genuinely shocking at times. In  places the movie seems to be following a familiar plotline, then stuns you  from your lull with a shocking scene or unexpected revelation. There has  been much controversy about this film due to the use of real  &quot;freaks,&quot; which has been labelled exploitation. It's shocking  when you first realize you aren't looking at Hollywood special effects. But  it is not just their deformities that are so hypnotic; the actor who plays  Hans the dwarf's performance is bitter and chilling at times, passionate  and touching at others. The menace and intensity that the freaks radiate in  the final scenes is both genuine and vividly portrayed. If not for this  film, we would never have seen this beautiful acting from men and women who  might never have been on film otherwise. Wonderful for it's story, poignant  for its acting, and frightening in its implications, &quot;Freaks&quot; is  one of the defining movies of the horror genre.
6304712936|5.0|I resisted this movie when it first came out because Hulce portrays Mozart a bit like a punk rocker.  However, when I finally did see it, I was quickly won over by the refreshing portrayal of Mozart and Abraham's  unforgettable characterization of Salieri. Salieri, the older rival  composer, realizes he cannot match the pure genius of the young and  impudent Wolfgang Amadeus. His discovery and realization of Mozart's genius  is so vivid and convincing, that anyone watching comes away with a new or  renewed appreciation for this great music.  The human side of these people  makes this story special also. Jealousy consumes Salieri on the one hand  while it is Mozart whose health deteriorates as he pays the price for his  exuberant and questionable lifestyle. The aging Salieri unmercifully lives  to witness his music fading into obscurity and declares himself  \\"the  patron saint of mediocrity's everywhere\\".  Mozart's immortal achievements  are destined to live on and we come to share Salieri's wonder and respect  for this music.  Although historically inaccurate on many counts, the  spirit of the music and its impact on the times is true to the heart.   Worthy of the praise this movie has received, I highly recommend it.
B000000OAA|4.0|Queen are good .Black Sabbath are good.Led Zeppelin are ridiculously overrated GARBAGE.
B00004TH83|5.0|WOW! She came out of nowhere. I love her new single I Will Love Again. What a voice! She is the next Celine Dion I promise you. All the songs on the cd rock, she writes her own songs and is so pretty. This is a must  get........don't waste your money on Britney Spears!
B000002JSV|5.0|This is it, hands down.  In my opinion, chock full of the best Ang-riffs and Bon-vocals.  Each album is a gem, but there is not one song on  Powerage that makes my head stop bouncing.  So simple, yet so effective.   And of course, no one can match Bon's 'double meaning' lyrics.  And these  guys still stay WAY out of the mainstream--thank God!  Welcome to the  epitome of rock 'n' roll, folks.
0684869713|5.0|This is a great novel to introduce Ayn Rand's philosophy of Objectivism to those not familiar with it.  The Fountainhead is a modern classic and a must-read for independents with thier own beliefs and views.  This novel  changed my outlook on life.
B000002LOE|4.0|This CD contains R.E.M.'s most widely know song, Losing My Religion. Even though there are some people who think that song is much too overrated, I don't agree. I still think it is a great song. Shiny Happy People shows a  lighter side of R.E.M. which we don't usually get to hear. There are a  couple of gems hidden towards the end of this CD. I'm talking about  Texarkana and Country Feedback. Both are great songs that are R.E.M. at  their best. Country Feedback seems foreshadow some of the dark and obscure  songs on New Adventures In Hi-Fi.
1573226521|5.0|I though The Beach was a great book.It is young fun and just makes you dream of to paradise with them.It also makes you think how people have their perfect idee of paradise and that after it is just what you think  that makes it that.I read this book with great interest and it made me  think and wonder and it was action full it keep me going until the end.
B000001FS3|4.0|This album went platinum in 48 hours when it was released in 1987, making it the fastest-selling UK album ever. It reached number 1 in twenty-two countries selling 15 million worldwide. U2 also received the Grammy for  'Album Of The Year' for it. <br />This kind of success is quite understandable  with songs like Where The Streets Have No Name and I Still Haven't Found  What I'm Looking For. It also includes the incredible With Or Without You,  with its haunting melodies and thoughtful lyrics. The whole album flows  together as Bono and the boys take the listener on a musical roller  coaster.
B000000OSE|4.0|this cd is awesome november rain is the greatest song on it.
0792839730|4.0|Audio Merits:6/10;Video Merits:7/10;Scenario Merits:9/10;Cinematographic Merits:9/10:Overall Artistic Performance:9/10;DVD Extras:7/10;Musical Merits:8/10;Recording Total Quality:8/10. Professor's Recommendation:A  masterpiece among the WWII films. Nevertheless, DVD version requires  reprocessing.
B00001NFCY|5.0|The greatest songs on here are what if, arms wide open, and higher.  its great rock without being anoying and it has a great beat to it.
B00002Z88D|5.0|S&amp;M is different... But strangley pleasing. I enjoy both classical and metal, but when purchasing this CD, I had no idea how it would mesh. It meshes well. To begin with, it's not all redone like Grarage, Inc. It has 2  brand new songs!<br />Second, with the exceptions of absolute classics like  NEM &amp; Enter Sandman, theres a good chance you won't insantly recognize  the songs, due to the slightly slower nature and backup by the symphany.  Every detail, right down to the layout of the tracks is done excelently.  The first few are a good mixture of classical &amp; Metallica, the middle  has some new work (Including No Leaf Clover and -Human), as well as the  completly redone Nothing Else Matters, and it finishes on a loud, fast  Metallica note.<br />This CD is not a turning point like the Blackest Album  as, but it is certainly a mjaor milestone. Get it, as a Metallica vetran,  or especially as someone new to Metallica.
B00004SCX6|1.0|this cd is not worth you're money. all of the songs sound the same. oops i did it again sounds just like hit me baby, and even songs like bye bye bye.it makes me so furious that people go insane over these bubblegum pop  bands.&quot;ooh, it must be so hard to be a singer, when all you do is let  people write the songs for you, and have pictures taken of you every where  you go&quot;!    i can see that she must work to accomplish so much  fame, what, with all the computers enhancing her voice, and traveling  around to make videos. and as much as she does herself, which isn't much,  other bands are strugling, writing their own, worth listining to, songs,  and don't get a penny for it. the only thing you really hear when listening  to her, and other bands like her, is, &quot;i'm rich, and you're giving  you're money to me! and what am i doing? exploiting myself&quot;. anyway,  that's probly what she's thinking as she sings these songs that everyone  goes gaga over.
B00003CX5A|4.0|When I see a Tim Burton film, I usually come away with a senseof awe and bewilderment.  I am in awe of his visual imagery (though Idon't particularly like his penchant for dark exposures and washed out colors) and I am perplexed at his use of this genius to create such bizarre and twisted films.<br />What is most disturbing about this film is that it tries to pass itself off as being based on Washington Irving's classic short story.  This is not even loosely based on that masterpiece.  It bears no more resemblance to the `Legend of Sleepy Hollow' than Johnny Depp bears to Ichabod Crane.  To put Irving's name and title on this goes beyond artistic license to shameless artistic forgery for its commercial value.  <br />This is not to say that this isn't a good story.  It is an excellent story.  I just object to the artistic deception.  What is sad is that we have a whole generation who will never read the story and believe they know it because they saw this film. <br />That being said, I thought this was a very good film that was a bit too ambitious in trying to cross genres.  Burton attempts to create a comedy horror action adventure mystery romance.  It has too many competing elements that distracted us from the main plot.  The comedy element is the least effective. Burton's wry attempts at humor are sophomoric and puerile and detract from the better elements of the film, namely the horror/mystery aspect.<br />From the standpoint of the sets, props, costumes and visual effects, this film is masterful.  The woods were spooky, the tree of death was fantastic and the windmill was a marvel. The creation of the headless effect was brilliant use of digital technology.  The decapitations were also superbly grisly and realistic.  <br />Johnny Depp did a fine job as the bumbling constable. He played it a bit too tongue in cheeky, but I'm certain that was more Burton's direction than Depp's interpretation.  Christina Ricci was well cast as the coquettish Katrina.  Somehow I don't think she has to stretch much to play the sassy and flirtatious type, but she played it to perfection.<br />I rated this film a 7/10.  It is very entertaining and has moments of brilliance, but overall the whole is less than the sum of the parts.  And Washington Irving it ain't.
B00004TXR2|5.0|It is a second disk with Footsteps and Betterman Live from the bridgeschool benefit concert.
6305177473|5.0|For several years,my favorite movie has been  &quot;The Sound of Music&quot;----that is, till I saw the &quot;The Parent Trap&quot;. The acting was AWESOME,the soundtrack was fabulous,and my, I just loved it! I  cry when the Annie and Elizabeth leave Napa,and I laugh my head off at the  tricks the twins play on Meredith(Nick Parker's hot fiancee)and the ones  they played on each other when they first met.And of course there are the  touching scenes such as when the twins hug.<br />I highly recommend this video  for ages 2-100. It is truly a hit.
0064471837|5.0|I just finished reading this book a second time and I still marvel at it. Stands on the same level as Tolkien and Robert Jordan. It's a real shame that Garth Nix didn't write a sequel.
0783241569|4.0|I'm a huge Julia Roberts fan! However, I thought this movie a bit too slow. It was hilarious all the way through though! The acting was fabulous too.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|This cd is awesome because of Adrian Smith's sound. He's a God! But Blaze Bayley was better than Bruce, the X factors is definetly Iron Maiden's best cd.  And I wanted to ask you metalheads, you know that when Adrian Smith  left the Irons he started a band with Ringo's son called  &quot;A.S.A.P.&quot;, the released 2 cd's, does any of you have ANY idea of  where I can get those A.S.A.P. cd's? Please help me, I've searched  everywhere!  Help me! email me if you have the info, thanks...
B00003CXFV|5.0|Much better than Notting Hill was. The acting was wonderful by everyone.  The plot was great. (Of course, after all it was based on a true story!)  Julia Roberts was wise, in my opinion, to star in this one. Highly  recommended.
B00004SCX6|5.0|Alright people, let's stop saying bad things about Britney! SheCAN sing, she looks good, her songs are awesome! This CD is evenbetter than her first one! If you don't like her don't buy her CDs... Britney RULES and no one should say she's lame!
0783242808|3.0|It's a good movie, but not great. The sound track is wonderful, but not the original singers, of course. (I often hear the new version over the theaters' intercom system. It IS good!)<br />Up to 18 years of age will love  it. (However, I kept expecting canned laughter.) If you are an adult, for  full effect you should be (and of course I would NEVER really recommend  this *coughing*) a bit &quot;tipsy&quot;.
0140282033|5.0|What a beautiful book.  This is a new author to me whom I stumbled across at my bookclub. The characters are real, the warmth and passion of the village reverberates throughout the book.  Without be being a soap saga,  the books covers day to day realities such as death, chocolate, love for  humans and animals, marital problems and personal conflict - all with a  soft touch of the author which never hides the complexities of living.<br />I  wait in anticipation for the new book out in July.
0375703764|5.0|If you look at all the other reviews, they will tell you it all. to tell you the truth, there are really no words to describe the horrifying and psychologicaly taxing experiance you get when reading this. I slept with  the light on for two night(this is not a lie!). I finished the book three  days ago and I am still obsessing over the end. If you don't read this  there is some seriosly wrong with you (but if you're not psychologicaly  demented, you will be when you finish reading. I promise). --Write me at  fearandloathing20@Hotmail.com-- to talk about this outstanding book.
0780020685|5.0|Akira Kurosawa and Toshiro Mifune-what more do you need? As stated in the Amazon.com's Editorial Review: &quot;This is not a film that can be well served by any synopsis; it must be seen to be appreciated.&quot; You will  truly not be disappointed.
B00002E233|5.0|Where should I start, well I guess the story and characters, and all that  mumbo jumbo should be left alone. Let's talk about the DVD itself. The  picture quality is near reference quality; only some minor film grain make  it somewhat &quot;inferior&quot; to reference discs. The sound; well, this  is more troublesome. Why? because it's low in dialouge scenes, yet way too  loud in the action scenes and the so-called &quot;Shark Attack&quot;  scenes. Then again, the dialouge is so cliche-ridden (except for some very  juicy twists), the sound IS reference quality after all! <br />Anyhow, to the  extras. What can I say, they are mixed bags. The documentaries are OK, but  just OK. Don't get me wrong, they offered good insights into filmmaking  (the film that is), how they created the lackluster CGI sharks, and their  far superior counterparts, and they do offer some brief, but good,  behind-the-scenes production footage. The still gallery is also just OK,  even though it does contain nice set and production photographs. The  deleted scenes are actually somewhat interesting, yet the picture quality  is so bad, you can hardly see what's going on in the scene; in total, there  are about maybe 15 minutes of deleted footage in these scenes cut from the  final cut; check them out they prove to be, suprisingly, very much worth  your time. <br />OK, here's were we're getting to the really &quot;Sink Your  Teeth Into Special Features&quot; the disc somewhat tantalizes you with.  First of all is the Star/Director commentary provided; It's highly  entertaining and hardly dry or boring. In the director's side, Renny Harlin  provides the viewer with Visual FX information, some casting insights, he  tells us the little twists he put into the film, and some production  information. Samuel L. Jackson on the other hand, talks about HIS character  most of the time in the commentary, ironic isn't it. Now we get to what I  think is the best supplement, the film's theatrical trailer. Sure, you  might think &quot;What the Heck are you saying,&quot; but it's true, this  trailer provides everything about the film and never gives away the plot,  most of the time; and in traditional &quot;Hollywood Action Films&quot;, or  should I say in traditional &quot;Jerry Bruckheimer Action Films&quot;, the  film's &quot;intense&quot; sequences are played in hectic fast motion. Did  I mention the music in the trailer fits the film perfectly, almost as good  as the score fit in the faboulous Ever After trailer(no, not the film, the  way the film eas shown in the trailer!). <br />Oh yeah, one more thing,  Amazon.com., I think you didn't quite tell the thruth when you wrote in  your &quot;Edition Details&quot; box, that production notes were included.  As for the filmmographies, I honestly don't find a purpose for them to be  included in DVDs, unless you're going to put an easter egg or make up the  bios of the cast and crew, ala The Limey DVD.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Even if you don't like SlimShady you have to love his music and his ablity to express himself. If  you enjoy comicly songs and don't mind the profanity, then this CD is for you. Except for the song,  &quot;Remember&quot; every track is great. So if you enjoy rap, and if are  the type of person who doesn't like having to skip tracks on a CD then  theMarshall Mathers LP is for you. Ohh by the way, yes the Marshall Mathers  LP is the best rap CD ever made. EVER!
B00000K19E|4.0|First of all, I would like to say that this DVD is one of the most innonative in the market right now. Unfourtanely, it does have it's flaws; the first flaw is probably the &quot;White Rabbit&quot; option. Although  very unique, I have found it does not work on my DVD player, a Toshiba.  Second of all, there's something about the film transfer that's, soft, I  can't quite put my finger on it. Well, now to the good things in the DVD.  All the documentaries available from the menus are highly entertaining and  very informative; although some stuff is repeated, not that it bothers me  or anything. Also, both commentaries are very good; even though the  solitary music track with composer's commentary is my favorite. Why?  because I finally heard the Lobby Shootout song that's why; believe me,  this DVD is worth it's price just for this sequence with music only.  Anyhow, although this DVD is very, very good, it does have it's  unfourtanate flaws. Even with these nitpickings, I highly recommend this  execptionally well done job by Warner Bros.
B00004STPT|5.0|I love movie soundtracks. And I listen to a lot of them. To score a motion picture well, the composer must often understand history, world cultures, human psychology, and a broad range of other influences which weave into  his creative processes. Zimmer is one of my favorites, and he has done  himself proud with this one, along with his collaborators. Yes, I too heard  the traces of great composers which he used masterfully like icons to key  the listener in to the drama with ever more intensity. This is perhaps the  most deadly serious work I've heard him do and I'll be disappointed if it's  not nominated for best score at the next Academy Awards and surprised if it  doesn't take the Oscar.
B00003CX5A|4.0|As I was saying, this DVD is OK, but could have been so much better with some extra features and more patience in making the supplements; But, the disc's menus are very nice (the main menu anyway), and the disc is still a  very good buy. If you have no idea which review this continuation comes  from, look for a review without an identity so to speak(hey, I have to take  precautions!)...
B00004SCX6|5.0|This CD is soooooooo cool. But there was only one dissapointment. I didn't get all the lyrics to the songs. Someone said that there was all the lyrics but I don't have them. That's the only thing that I was disapointed about.  Otherwise it's an AWSEOME CD! I LOVE the song &quot;Lucky&quot; And  &quot;what u see (is what you get)&quot; and &quot;Stronger&quot; I also  like &quot;Can't make you love me&quot; is AWSEOME TOO! If you were  thinking of not getting this well think again! It's greaT! Good job  Britney! Keep it up!   One more thing. I agree w/ the people who say that  say they are sick of the fight between Christina Aguilera and Britney  Spears. Different people like different things and it's VERY rude to put  what they like down. PLEASE STOP DOING THIS!
B000002L7Y|5.0|I really like the 1st song, Take on Me. I would recommend this CD to everyone who likes a beaty song! Everyone I know likes it!
B000005J56|5.0|&quot;Buena Vista Social Club&quot; is a collection of music done with true feeling, talent and spirit. Great music never gets too old and here is evidence the great music from Cuba is still vibrant today as it was 40  years ago. The film based on the group had a special message about how age  doesn't matter in the area of the great artists. One of the musicians here  is in his 90s and look at how alive and energetic and moving this music is!  The vocals, the music, the lyrics are all rich and full of style. These are  real musicians playing real music. Like Santana's &quot;Supernatural,&quot;  &quot;Buena Vista Social Club&quot; is more of an experience than just good  music. Songs like &quot;Chan Chan&quot; are really deep and move you in a  nice way, others like &quot;Candela&quot; just excite you with the energy  and fun feeling of it all. I'm grateful to Ry Cooder for bringing back  these incredible musicians who play some of the best Cuban music ever. The  only reason other arists like Celia Cruz don't mention them that often is  because they still live in their homeland, Cuba. But they deserve praise  and more. Recently we remembered Tito Puente who was a great musician and  recently passed away, but we should also appreciate those who really  brought Latin music to life, the ones who really play it with spirit and  feeling. &quot;Buena Vista Social Club&quot; is no less than a masterpiece.
B000002L7Y|5.0|I really like the 1st song, Take on Me. I would recommend this CD to everyone who likes a beaty song! Everyone I know likes it!
0792846338|4.0|The portrayal of the toil that this fellow goes through, and the mental outbursts of the woman are better than in the book.  A good movie to watch.
0684874350|5.0|It's been on the bestseller list for how long now?  And it's no wonder.  Angela's Ashes is one of the best books I have ever read.  It Tells the true story of author Frank McCourt's life living in the slums of Limerick.   It's amazing how you'll be laughing on page and crying the next.  If you  like reading books where everything is always ok and really corny (like an  episode of Full House) don't read this.  But if you want to read about how  the human spirit can triumph time and time again buy this book.
B00000I8BX|5.0|This cd really is incredible. It has an awesome story that proves that the human spirit always prevails. I loved it and thought it was quite emotional. The songs are mostly fantastic. The extra tracks are nothing  special, except for cars whic is really cool. My personal favorite tracks  are securitron, hi-tech hate, resurection and timelessness. Give it a shot,  i guarentee you will enjoy it.
0060194995|5.0|As a High School student most books I've had to read for English are very boring.  But To Kill A Mockingbird is one of the est books I have ever read.  It deals with issues on racism, prejudice and importance of conscience so well.  From the silent strong hero of Atticus to the  headstrong tomboy Scout, you will never forget this book.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Another great piece by the hardest working band in the industry!  <br />Just as I used to so look forward to new Maiden albums as a teenager, I can now enjoy the same level of intensity from these masters as an adult.   &quot;Brave New World&quot; is the latest, and one of the best, samples of  Iron Maiden's methodical, complex approach to merging hard rock with  classical styles and history.  <br />Thank goodness Bruce Dickinson is back!   <br />If this album is any indication of what their upcoming tour will be  like, I will not miss it. <br />UP THE IRONS!
B000000W9Z|5.0|If I could only have five Bowie CDs, this would be one of them.  It has become an article of hip faith that Bowie sold out with \\"Let's Dance\\" and never recovered.   \\"1. Outside\\" is not only a return to form, but a hopeful  sign that more can be on the way.<br />\\"1. Outside\\" is not a hopeful CD.  It  is deliberately dark and twisted.  Like \\"Ziggy Stardust\\" and \\"Diamond  Dogs,\\" \\"1. Outside\\" is a concept album.  But the concept, something about  ritual art murders, is not its strong point.  As far as I can tell, the  story, such that it is, is not a metaphor for anything else, nor is it  tongue-in-cheek, nor is it entirely serious.  Before \\"1. Outside,\\" tried to  do a serious, straight dark album expressing his frustration with drugs,  violence, racism and other unpleasantness of life with the first \\"Tin  Machine\\" album.  Although  \\"Tin Machine\\" was a relief from the vapid pop  Bowie had been churning out for a few years previous, it didn't work. \\"Tin  Machine,\\" which was supposedly a group album, was too literal and  straightforward for Bowie.  Bowie's best, like \\"Scary Monsters,\\" leave the  listener feeling worried but wondering what exactly Bowie is singing about.   That inspires to a second listen. And David Bowie is not exactly who we  want to hear give non-poetic sermons about illiteracy and crack.  <br />\\"1.  Outside\\" does not make the same mistake.  The explanations provided in the  liner notes about the \\"story\\" only add to the confusion about the album's  subject matter.  That makes it more intriguing - the real theme is not the  story, but the dark, desperate mood that switches between the fast and loud  and slow and hopeless.  This isn't a statement of frustration about certain  things; it is a concession to the insanity of everything.  <br />Along the way  it achieves that other thing that  \\"Tin Machine\\" lacked - good music.   Songs like \\"The Heart's Filthy Lesson,\\" \\"Thru These Architect's Eyes,\\" and  especially \\"Hallo Spaceboy\\" rank up there with anythingon \\"Heroes\\" or  \\"Low\\"  (\\"1. Outside\\" marks the return of Brian Eno as a Bowie  collaborator).  And there's a lot of music.  The disk is more than 70  minutes long.  Not all of those minutes are used well, but I'd rather have  something than nothing.<br />With one possible exception.  The album has  several flaws, none more outstanding than the inclusion of \\"Strangers When  We Meet.\\"  \\"Strangers\\" is not a bad song.  It fits in well on the mild and  not terribly well know \\"Buddha of Suburbia\\" (where it appears twice).  But  it has no place on \\"1. Outside.\\"  Although the lyrics to the song are  somewhat sad, its melody and tenor are upbeat.    This is not the first  inclusion of an odd, uncharacteristic song on a Bowie album (what, for  instance, is \\"It Ain't Easy\\" doing on \\"Ziggy?\\")  But this is the first time  Bowie closes an album with one of these ill-placed songs.  Most of Bowie's  best albums start with a song that can only have been placed first, and end  with a clear closer.  \\"Strangers\\" almost mocks that tradition and detracts  from the overall work.<br />The various \\"segues\\" also don't add much, other  than several minutes of Bowie speaking in electronically altered voices as  various \\"characters\\" in his story.  These segues are not music, nor are  they poetry.  They aren't as laughable as, say, the spoken part of \\"Glass  Spider\\" on \\"Never Let Me Down,\\" but they detract from the excellent songs  that they string together (which wasn't an issue on \\"Never Let Me Down\\").   <br />For some reason, probably promotional, the many of the songs from  \\"1.  Outside\\" have appeared in different movies including \\"Seven,\\" \\"Basquiat,\\"  \\"Lost Highway,\\" and most creatively in \\"Starship Troopers\\" (a variation of  \\"I Have Not Been to Oxford Town\\" plays in the background at the prom, but  does not appear on the soundtrack). \\"Strangers,\\" too, is from the  soundtrack of a BBC television show (\\"Buddha of Suburbia\\").  <br />If  Hollywood recognized the value \\"1. Outside's\\" music, Bowie fans, who often  consider this Bowie's best since  \\"Scary Monsters,\\" did as well.  But the  album was not a huge hit, and perhaps for that reason Bowie's next album,  \\"Earthling\\" is a departure.  Although \\"1. Outside\\" includes some hints of  dance music, that's what \\"Earthling\\" is all about.  Bowie's latest, \\"hours\\"  is different still - calmer, slower, duller.  The ch-ch-change came quickly  and for the worse.  <br />Where Bowie has another great album in him is for  the future to tell, but \\"1. Outside\\" hints that he just might.  It stands  as a great Bowie album and therefore a great album, period.  Don't let it  stay outside your collection for long.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I bought her new CD as soon as it came out and it's almost all I listen to. It's a great CD with killer beats, edgy sounds, and awesome vocals by Britney. Damn can she SING! Some people hate her and I think they're just  jealous of all her talent adn popularity. She can both dance and sing and  &quot;Oops...&quot; proves it. This CD is NOTHING like her first and one  can tell she has grown vocally - she holds notes longer, has more range,  and no one could ever match her singin style...she has a very unique voice.  My 3 favorite songs on the album are, &quot;What You See Is What You  Get&quot;, &quot;When Your Eyes Say It&quot;, and &quot;Oops..!&quot;. They  are all awesome and unfortunately are probably the least likely to be  released as singles...Buy this CD even if you think you can't stand Britney  b/c she takes pop to a whole 'nother level and her new album is JUMPIN'.  You're in for a surprise.
0783242808|4.0|OK.  I can't deny that this movie is GUARANTEED to offend plenty of people  with its subject matter, but at the same time, there are also a lot of  people that, like myself, found American Pie to be one of the best movies  to be relesed in a *long* time.  I won't say it was one of the funniest,  although it is very amusing.  To tell the truth, I was a bit disappointed  with the &quot;apple pie&quot; scene because it had been hyped up to me by  all of my friends so much that I wound up expecting more than there  was.<br />I think one of the things that really endeared me to this movie was  the fact that, looking back on my own days in high school, I can attach a  real, live human being that I went to high school with to each and every  character in the movie.  I don't know if that's good or bad, but that's the  truth :-)  <br />Subject matter aside, the acting itself is pretty good.   Eugene Levy interacts with Jason Biggs quite well as the awkward father  that most of us had at that age, and Chris Klein has the &quot;dumb  jock&quot; schtick down pat.  Obviously everyone is a stereotype here, but  those two are much more realistic than the others.  Mena Suvari also shows  a lot of talent - I suppose I need to watch &quot;American Beauty&quot;  now.  I'd have to say, though, that Stifler and Sherman could have been  developed a bit more - they're almost painfully transparent.<br />With a good  soundtrack to boot - I had never heard of Bic Runga before, but she's got a  great voice - American Pie is a very entertaining movie.  However, as I  said before, it is not something I could honestly recommend to just anyone.  If you don't mind being bombarded with a rather large amount of sexual  humor, overt and not-so-overt,  you really ought to check this movie out.   I mean, if you can watch Porky's, you can certainly handle this.
B0000024JN|5.0|This is definitly a must have. Most real hip hop fans most likely have it already but if not you must get it. &quot;Hold it now&quot; is my favorite track.  The Beastie Boys are still ripping today where as most of the cats  from their day no longer can rip.
B000001FDK|5.0|Where else can you find music that is so enjoyable to listen to?  The songs are classics and almost everyone knows them.  Buy this and enjoy a time warp back to the fifties.
6304711891|5.0|This movie kept me on my toes from the beginning to the end. Continous  action &amp; humor. Movie is far from reality but after all it is an action  movie.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Bruce is back and with a vengence!  This is a true return to the Iron Maiden we all know!  Great lyrics strong musical arrangements and of course Adrian smith's guitar work..  Strong songs like the Mercenary.. and Nomad  .. bring you back to the  Number of the Beast or Peice of Mind days.. If  you gave up on Maiden you won't be dissapointed with this one .. !
B00000DCHI|5.0|Wonderful. Simply wonderful. You know, the more I hear this CD, the more I like it. All Billy Joel's hit songs are gathered in this lively and excellent CD. The greatest songs, The Strange, Say Goodbye to Hollywood,  Piano Man, Pressure, Goodnight Saigon, New York State of Mind, Scences From  an Italian Restaurant, excellent. Enjoy this CD.
014028009X|5.0|If you are female, run to get this book for your annual required dose of feel-good laughter.  The cover was off-putting; I thought bodice ripper sex book. It's a feminist Monty Python stare at the dating side of a single  woman's life and if you've dated anything you've thought, &quot;God this is  ludicrous, where's the camera/exit?&quot; Fielding has miraculously  distilled every one of these awkward dating/single social moments with  biting wit and humour that frankly, only a Brit can write. Her writing is  tight, has a great flow and is just outstanding (unlike mine:-). This is  one of those writers you'll incorporate into your daily/weekly search for  new books to read.
B00001IVOR|5.0|Danm this album just sticks to you. All the members back again with this hard killer album, everything is on point here. &quot;It's yours&quot; is my favorite track.
B00004SCX6|1.0|Yes maybe Britney Spears is only 18 and has the number one album in the US.  But I still didn't like it.  First of all it lack originality and good music.  Second of all it's just irritating, Britney's singing (which even  worse than before) makes me wanna rip my eyes from their socket.  If you  want to listen to an overhyped, bubbly, sugary, teen love album pick this  up.  If you have any shread of dignity or sanity in you, then you won't buy  this.  I'm very glad I didn't.
B000007MVU|1.0|I am sooo sorry Ringo.  I own every album by the Beatles and every album by John, Paul, George and Ringo as solo artists.  I love the Beatles for a million different reasons.  But I have to say, this is the worst album I  own.  I have tried to like it, believe me I have.  I've listened to it at  least a dozen times now, hoping something would change my mind. No luck!   It's just awful.  The arrangements are dull, the enthusiasm is gone, and  Ringo's singing is terrible.  I can't believe this is the same guy who  enchanted us with so many great Beatles songs.  I do give Ringo credit for  having the guts to do this album in the first place. He's said he only did  it for his mum, (an apology to his fans if I've ever heard one.)  &quot;Stardust&quot; is about the only redeeming song on the album and even  this song is pretty lame.  This album's value is only it's place in  history, being Ringo's first solo venture.  Several of Ringo's other solo  albums are truly wonderful, especially &quot;Ringo&quot;.  But I have to be  honest here, I hate &quot;Sentimental Journey&quot;.  It would never have  been made if Ringo hadn't been in a band called The Beatles.
B00004BZ16|5.0|The Clash ruined it for most &quot;Alternative&quot; bands by 1) being way before their time, and 2) being insanely great.  For a Clash album, Sandanista is merely very good.  This criticism is usually reserved for Beatle, Who, and Stones records.  It would have been in London Calling's  league if it had not been so ambitious (i.e., long).  However, here it is  [a new millenium], and this record still sounds better than 99.995% of the [stuff] that  passes for Alternative music.  If released today, Sandanista would be  hailed as a cutting edge masterpiece.
B00000K3UU|4.0|The main reason I was never interested in this movie was, ADAM SANDLER!  He's always obnoxious and crude, tending to irritate me like fingernails on a blackboard.  However, one night this movie came on HBO, and since nothing  else was on, I figured, why not watch it?  And guess what?  I actually  ended up ENJOYING IT!   Big Daddy IS a bit cliched (immature guy wants to  prove to his girlfriend that he is responsible, so he manages to trick  social services into allowing him to adopt a five year old boy. Of course,  he doesn't know the first thing about kids, so he's in for quite a LOT of  surprises!), and yes, the movie does get a bit corny at times.   However,it's also very cute; extremely funny at times, and you don't even  end up hating Adam Sandler by the end of the movie!  As a matter of fact,  you actually (surprise, surprise)find yourself routing for him, when social  services tries to take the kid away.  My advice?  Give this movie a chance,  even if you aren't a big Adam Sandler fan!  You will laugh, you might even  cry, and you will most certainly be entertained!  (Warning:  This movie  would NOT be appropriate for very young children, even though there is a  child in it.  Definitely geared for adults, only)!
B00004T9UF|5.0|If you havent bought this CD yet, Go buy it! Every single song is listenable. Stan is powerful. B Please 2 is a jam. Marshall Mathers is funny, because Eminem makes fun of every artist that deserves it. Every  song is graphic and offensive, which adds to the enjoyment.
6302787564|4.0|This is sort of a cross between &quot;Revenge of the Nerds&quot; and &quot;High Plains Drifter.&quot; If you're a Clint Eastwood fan, then I think you'll like this flick. This is probably my favorite Michael Douglas  movie, because he really plays a convincing role. Also good supporting  cast, especially Frederick Forrest. Duvall is exceptionally fine also.  Really, this movie pretty much acts out what many of us 'white middle  class' males fantasize doing when we're just fed up with life in any big  city.
B000002UDB|5.0|John Lennon thought this was the best Beatles album...what better praise could &quot;Magical Mystery Tour&quot; get?  John liked it because it was &quot;so wierd&quot;, and that's my main reason for liking it too.  It's  quirky but solid.  Despite the wonderfully odd songs such as &quot;Blue Jay  Way&quot;, the lovely &quot;Flying&quot; and the title track, this album  also features some of the Beatle's best songs. I mean, come on -  &quot;Strawberry Fields Forever&quot;, &quot;I Am the Walrus&quot;,  &quot;Fool on the Hill&quot;, &quot;Penny Lane&quot; on the same album?   Wierd songs, great songs, it was an extension of Sgt Pepper, but the music  here is more personal, heartfelt and meaningful.  This album, &quot;Magical  Mystery Tour&quot;, is often knocked by critics, mostly because its songs  are gathered from many sources, (EP's, singles) and because it came from a  film which was not well liked, (though I think the film was marvelous fun!)  Plus, the Beatles had just released &quot;Sgt Pepper&quot;. Nevertheless,  you've got to admit, &quot;Sgt Pepper&quot; was kind of a tough act to top!   MMT was brilliant in its own right.  Extra points for the Beatle's  fabulous use of the mellotron throughout this record, truly one of the most  haunting &amp; beautiful instruments.  And one final bonus point for  &quot;I Am the Walrus&quot;...the Beatle's best song ever recorded!
B00000IPAX|5.0|From Buddha to Cheshire Cat to Dude Ranch, and now this. &quot;Enema of the State&quot; is an awesome must buy CD.  Inspite of Blink 182's good looks, and great lyrics, these guys really have talent. Their CD gives you  a really good variety of songs, including &quot;What's my Age Again&quot;,  &quot;Adam's Song&quot;, and &quot;All the Small Things&quot;. I would  never dream of not buying this excellent CD.
B00004RHZU|4.0|I got this CD from Pink about a month ago and I really like it. There's lots of different musical taste her and Pink's voice is great. 1) Split Personality - a medium-paced song with a R&amp;B feel. 2) Hell WIt Ya -  probably the fastest song on the CD and the chrous is catchy. 3) Most Girls  - I really like this song because it tought me some street slang like  'bling bling' and the sound FX are crazy. 4) There You Go - who hasn't  heard this awesome song? It's instantly catchy and shows the strong side of  Pink. 5) You Make Me Sick - this song is kinda lame. It sounds exactley  like There You Go except different lyrics. And I can't understand what  she's saying on the telephone. 6) Let Me Let You Know - a GREAT song. It's  a soft and slow song with lots of emotion. The piano is so great on this  song!  7) Love Is Such A Crazy Thing - it's an okay song. It's too  dramatic and it sounds like 80 million other love songs I've heard before.  But I admit Pink is honest on this track with what she says. 8) Private  Show - I like this song. It's medium-paced, with a great chorus, a good  steady R&amp;B beat and Pink sounds soulful here. 9) Can't Take Me Home -  This is the second best song. She is SO angry on this song, cusses (it's  blanked out) and the beat is really really energetic. This is actually a  real hip-hop song. 10) Stop Falling - a really well-done ballad with so  much emotion and it makes you think. 11) Do What U Do - an okay song. But  it's positive for a change! 12) Hiccup - this is probably the catchiest  most irresistable song on the CD. One listen and you'll be hooked. She  actually makes a hiccup sound in the chorus. Great song. 13) Is It Love -  it's a moody, dark love song with a strong messege. I like it. Well, there  it goes. Only one or two songs lack quality, the rest are all great with  lots of emotion, energy, attitude and appeal. A great CD!
B00004SCX6|5.0|I REALY THIK BRITANY DID REALY GOOD ON THIS ALBUM.I REALY ENJOY THE WHOLE CD.I WISH THAT I HAD THE TALENT LIKE BRITANY.WELL I THINK EVERYONE NEEDS TO GO PICK HER CD UP,U WILL REALY ENJY IT.I JUST WISH I COULD MEET HER.THANZ  FOR READING THIS...MICHELLE
B000001Y5J|5.0|Well, Ok, I'll come straight on and say this.  This is Trent's angriest work.  And I love it that much more.  It has little meaning besides the fact that Trent 'hates the world' but is it a good time.  Pinion is nothing  more than guitar riffs leading straight into Wish, where Trent sings  softly, and then *Boom!* explosive guitar and bass. This is the formula  that pervades the entire album. Its angry, its loud, its in your face but  at the same time, so distinctivly NIN.  Its a thing of beauty and highly  recommended for anyone who is sorta tired of Downward Spiral or the  relative softness of Hate Machine. The two hidden tracks are wonderful too!   The whole thing's kinda short though, but don't worry, it'll keep you busy  for months!
B000001F5F|4.0|Since I've gotten in to music I've only have probably heard only a handful of live recordings but this album by U2 always tops my list of live recordings.  This disk was recorded during U2's War era which contains many  of their most notable early songs such as &quot;Gloria&quot;, and &quot;I  Will Follow&quot;, etc.<br />What makes this disk a good disk is that some of  the songs on here are better than the studio recordings (Which is not  surprising for bands from Britian, which is the scene that I associate U2  with).  The band rips through a very electric version of Sunday Bloody  Sunday which I consider to be a better recording live than the studio  version.  Basically, because the song is much more energetic and includes a  drum and guitar cadence in the middle of the song, which adds to it's  apocolyptic feel.  U2 also rips through a rocking version of &quot;The  Electric Co.&quot; which again, I feel is much better than the studio  version because it has an energy that the studio version just doesn't  posses, the song simply sounds very alive.  Another good thing about the  disk is that it contains two nonalbum tracks that cannot be found on any of  U2's albums in America &quot;11 O'Clock Tick Tock&quot;, and &quot;Party  Girl&quot;.  The live version of &quot;Party Girl&quot; is much better than  it's recorded version.  On the studio version Bono seems to be straining to  hit some of the notes and the song even sounds bit subdued.  U2's live  version of &quot;11 O'Clock Tick Tock&quot; isn't  bad either.  My only  complaint of the disk is that &quot;New Year's Day&quot; doesn't measure up  to the original studio recording.  This is probably because U2 simple  cannot pull off all that studio trickery live. But overall it's a pretty  good testament of what U2 was like during the War-era.
0380002930|1.0|Why would ANYONE like this distasteful piece of dreck? WAY, WAY, WAY, WAY, WAY, LESS EVERYONE ON EARTH!  I JUST DON'T GET IT, CAN'T YOU PEOPLE SEE THAT THIS BOOK IS DUMB?  Like my review? email me at  WDfandestroyer@hotmail.com
0679720200|5.0|THE STRANGER is one of those timeless classics sure to disturb new readers well into the next millenium.  Albert Camus is dealing with truth here, and truth, like life, is not for everybody.  And neither is this book.  I  wouldn't have it any other way.      Camus' pitifully honest anti-hero  Meursault finds himself on the wrong end of French justice following a  carefully plotted train of carelessly indifferent but seemingly innocent  decisions culminating in one senseless murder that is the real mystery of  the book.  Why did he do it?  Who is Monsieur Meursault, really?   Naturally, the reason supplied by the author is strongly provocative and  certainly unsatisfactory for most if not all.        The writing is terse,  economic, exact.  A wonder, really.  Readers should note what is not said  as well as what is.  This book did what few books can.  I was left in a  state of aesthetic arrest, neither drawn to nor repulsed by story or  character, a sort of neutral zone where all fear and loathing have been  replaced by pure wonder--much like Meursault himself.  THE STRANGER only  confirms for me what I have always suspected: in the hands of a master,  writing is the highest form of art.  What Camus achieves in a few pages  most modern authors would spend chapters doing.
B000001FDP|5.0|Yes this is one of my favorite Vangelis works because it combines the coolness of his futuristic sound (ala Bladerunner) with orchestral choral grandeur.  So it is a spaceage opera.
B000002LBH|5.0|This is the American version of The Smiths' &quot;The World Won't Wait&quot;, which collects b-sides and independently released singles that couldn't be found in America.  I would recommend anybody getting in to The  Smiths to pick up &quot;Louder Than Bombs&quot;.  Specifically because The  Smiths were a singles band and in England bands tend to put more  emphesis  on the singles market; therefore many of The Smiths best songs and most  popular songs (some of them are even b-sides) were never released on  albums.  I think even The Smiths most well known song, &quot;How Soon Is  Now?&quot; was not originally slated to be on a studio album.  The disk is  packed with Smiths gems, most notably &quot;You Just Haven't Earned It Yet,  Baby&quot;, &quot;Panic&quot;, &quot;Shoplifters of the World United&quot;,  &quot;Girls Afraid&quot;, etc, etc.  Even some of the less notable Smiths  songs that are pretty good are on the disk such as &quot;Stretch Out and  Wait&quot; and &quot;Unlovalbe&quot;<br />Louder Than Bombs also showcases  some of The Smiths musical diversity which in opinion is something that the  band has never really gotten credit for.  This is mainly because Johnny  Marr at this time in his musical career was so jingle jangle with his  guitar playing.  &quot;Is It Really So Strange&quot; has a coutry feel.   &quot;Sweet and Tender Hooligan&quot; and &quot;London&quot; are punkish.   &quot;Heaven Knows I'm Misreable Now&quot; is motownish and &quot;Stretch  Out and Wait&quot; is a stab at folk music. <br />For anybody getting in to  The Smiths, &quot;Louder Than Bombs&quot; will add to a more complete  picture to a great a band.
B00004SVID|4.0|This live album might be redundant (the track list includes a the live performance of &quot;The Wall&quot; and nothing more), but if you love the original album, the live version will have you hearing it in a whole new  way.  The most valuable thing for fans might be  the two booklets that come  with the CD featuring numerous photos of the stage show and interviews with  the major players, including all four band members.  Even the normally  reclusive Roger Waters chimes in on what is, after all, his masterpiece.  What would REALLY be valuable is a DVD of the show.  That would be true  entertainment for any Pink Floyd fan.
B000001E8P|5.0|i had never heard any pulp before I bought this but that didn't matter.  it is just a great album without a doubt.  If you are considering buying it, just get it.
B00004TH83|5.0|yes oh my god!  What a brillant album!  The best so far of the year!  Lara's voice is just incredibly beautiful!  Come on guys , trust me, buy it you won't be dissapointed!  My favorite tracks are Love By Grace and  the punchy I Am Who I Am<br />Stephane
B000002C25|3.0|Though I have yet to give &quot;Standing On the Shoulder of Giants&quot; a good listen.  I have always thought that &quot;Be Here Now&quot; was quite probably Oasis worst studio recording.  When this album came out the  critics praised it, but with repeated listen more people came to the  conclusion that &quot;Be Here Now&quot; wasn't as great as Oasis two  previous albums.  Though, admitedly, the album may have suffered from the  hype of Oasis but when compared to Oasis two previous disk (Definitly Maybe  and Morning Glory) the disk doesn't hold out.  What made Definitly Maybe  and Morning Glory so memorable is that the songwritting was memorable.   Almost every single song on those albums was great.  There's less of that  on this album and the songs are not as memorable as the two first albums.   Even Noel Gallangher admitted that he wasn't putting as much effort in to  the songs on &quot;Be Here Now&quot; as much as he probably should.   <br />Although, &quot;Be Here Now&quot; doesn't rank with &quot;Definitly  Maybe&quot; and &quot;Morning Glory&quot; it is still a good disk and does  have it's share of good songs.  Highlights include &quot;D'You Know What I  Mean?&quot;  &quot;Don't Go Away&quot; and &quot;It's Gettin' Better  Man&quot;.
B000002GQJ|5.0|The Moddy Blues are great.  This album is great.  I know this is a lousy review, but Moody Blues music needs to stand on it's own.
B000002UJQ|5.0|trust me it is.  I have heard so many albums but none of them compare to the beauty of this album.  every song on here is perfect.  The powerful opening with &quot;Airbag&quot; followed by &quot;Paranoid  Android.&quot;definately one of the finest songs ever to be written,  Android flies with Thom's vocals and their hypnotic guitars.  All of the  other songs are amazing but few are as painfully gorgous as &quot;NO  Surpises&quot; and &quot;Lucky&quot;.  The combination of these two songs  brings me  to tears every time and I listen to this constantly.  If you are  to buy one album, this is it.
B000002OX7|5.0|Not to be TOO picayune, but let's not forget Nicky Hopkin's contribution to this album. His piano was brillant on &quot;Gettin' in Tune &quot; and &quot;Song is Over&quot;; I can think of no other pianist playing these  songs. It's amazing how he shows up on Rock and Roll's best  albums...&quot;Beggar's Banquet&quot;;&quot;Exile on Main St.&quot;;Jeff  Beck's &quot;Truth&quot;;Jefferson Airplane's&quot;Volunteers&quot;;...and  here he lends his unique and delicate sound, hitting just the right  touch.He is surely missed by this listener....&quot;..and say God rest his  soul...&quot;
B000002BBY|5.0|Though, I have yet to listen to Standing On the Shoulder Of Giants.  But in my opinion this may be Oasis most mature sounding and best record.  Compared to Definitly Maybe (amidtedly my favorite Oasis record)  &quot;Morning Glory&quot; sounds more mellow.  The band does not blast  through everthing as they did on Definitly Maybe.  Though for this disk  that's not a bad thing.  Morning Glory does contain some of Oasis most well  known songs such as &quot;Wonderwall&quot;, &quot;Don't Look Back In  Anger&quot;, and &quot;Champagne Supernova&quot; which really wouldn't have  fit on Definitly Maybe and are more maturer sounding songs.<br />Though,  Morning Glory may be a bit more melow than Definitly Maybe it does has it  stompers (Noel Gallangher has said he felt that some of the songs on  Morning Glory could've gone on Definitly Maybe), such as &quot;Hello&quot;,  &quot;Morning Glory&quot; and the instrumental track &quot;The Swap  Song&quot; which have been broken down to two parts on the disk.  In my  opinion &quot;Morning Glory&quot; will probably be remembered as one of  Oasis best albums.
B00000I14Z|5.0|This was my first real intro to Mingus and I gotta say  that Ah Um is some solid work by the man himself.
B00003CWN2|5.0|the story of brandon teena (teena brandon) is so moving becuz it's true  and you just can't believe that something so horrible could happen to a  young person with so much to live for. here we have a crisis of sexual  identity and how different people relate to it. the cousin, the  girlfriends, the absoloute strangers and especially brandon himself. what  you get from this movie is a thrill ride of ups and downs and near misses  and such a gut wrenching, tragic end that i urge everyone to see it for  themselves and see how horrible some people can be. in this movie you will  see how true the saying 'people fear what they don't understand' is. i  cried and cried at this movie and if it doesn't move you to react then i  don't think anything will. it's a haunting story that will stay with me  forever.
B000002MIF|5.0|This is my 2nd favorite Smiths album.  This is a interesting album The Smiths put together because they combined some of their nonalbum singles with BBC session versions of previously recorded songs. <br />I first heard  this album when a friend of mine brought it over and I was amazed at the  versions of &quot;What Difference Does It Make?&quot; and &quot;These  Things Take Time&quot; because they were much more energetic and rawer than  the recorded versions of the songs and I even liked these BBC versions  better at the time.  Which is a pretty interesting side of The Smiths  considering the fact that Johnny loved to jangle in that band.   &quot;Handsome Devil&quot; and &quot;You've Got Everything Now&quot; also  showcase a rawer and more energetic side of the band.  I personally perfer  the BBC version of &quot;You've Got Everything Now&quot;.  It not unusall  for  British bands to be better live, as British bands tend to put more  money in to playing live than American bands because the British have BBC  and John Peel. America doesn't really anything like that, so American bands  tend to put money in their video's.<br />The collection of nonalbum singles is  O. K. (probably great at the time considering the fact that this album was  released in 1984.  The Smiths would go on to write many more great singles  before they broke up).  But I don't feel that it's a good all around  collection of singles.   Which I feel is better served on The Smiths  &quot;Singles&quot; album and &quot;Louder Than Bombs&quot;.
B000002GQG|5.0|The Moddy Blues are great.  This album is great.  I know this is a lousy review, but Moody Blues music needs to stand on it's own.
0767849493|5.0|not his formal name, just something we've been kicking around the office. this movie is the most hilarious film i have seen in a long time. Kevin Smith is a genius! for a long time mallrats was my favorite but this movie took me by surprise. it's actually very smart and believable. who knows if all those names of angels and laws are factual but if they aren't he portrayed them in a very real way. jay and silent bob are by far my favorite characters in his movies (jay especially) but in this movie all the people were so funny and smart and leave it to alanis to wear silver chrisitan lacroix with dime store flip flop shoes. if you like kevin smith at all then you will love this movie. forget abt the religion aspect and just rent it and have a good laugh. i garantee you won't be disappointed.
6304493681|3.0|well ,well this is an interesting fim!  if you are a manga virgin avoid this title and go for something like pokemon.It a very well writtern piece and the animation is very good but know after films like matrix u expect  more from a filmAnd it not very long.Listen im 15 and ai had to watch this  in front of my parents and they didnt ike the nudity.It a good film.But i  expected more
B000002UJQ|5.0|I've spent quite a bit of time in the past ten years thinking -- either idly or seriously -- about what I would honestly think the best album of the decade was.  For quite a while, it seemed that Nirvana's Nevermind had  left such an indellible mark (utterly -defining- the first two thirds of  the decade's fashions in popular music, while simultaneously being an  excellent record) that it had to be the only choice.  However, as soon as I  heard all of Radiohead's OK Computer in 1998 (I'd heard singles when it  came out, but never the whole thing for a while thereafter) I knew that,  barring some act of God, this would be the best album in the 1990s.  Indeed, it is SO good -- making such artful use of creative aural  texturing, combined with musically/compositionally stunning thematic work  (Paranoid Android is the only existent example, in my mind, of what Paul  McCartney was -trying- to achieve in his later, solo years with 'Uncle  Albert/Admiral Halsey,' etc.), as well as incredible lyrical composition  and theme, and a strong political and social message -- so good that it  begins to make one casually think &quot;you know, what was really all THAT  good in the 80s, or even the 70s for that matter.&quot;  Exaggerated as it  may sound, I can honestly say that this is one of the best albums ever  recorded by anyone, anywhere, ever.  A friend of mine recently joked that  &quot;they should have just made it all one long, single track, so no one  could destroy it by skipping ahead to a single song&quot; -- I think, in  many respects, he was right; nevertheless, it is a very pleasurable listen  for even the uninitiated (which is what, I believe, makes it so much better  than many other potential greats which are technically, even admirably, but  not listenably complex).  Even if you never buy another record again, you  MUST own this literal masterpiece.
0141301155|4.0|Charlie and The Chocolate Factory is a book for children of all ages. This book gets a four star rating and is a book that everyone should read. It's a fun fantasy story about a dream that comes true for a poor little boy  named Charlie Bucket. There are five golden tickets, which five lucky  children will win. The children who find the golden tickets will win a tour  of the world famous Willy Wonka Chocolate Factory. The first four goldent  tickets are found, and only one remains. The hopes of Charlie finding a  gold ticket were low to begin with, because he only gets one chocolate bar  a year on his birthday. One day something happen to him, he was walking  back from school and he found a dollar in the street gutter. So he went  into the candy store and bought a Willy Wonka chocolate bar, he ripped open  the wrapper, but there was no golden ticket.  Since he loved Willy Wonka  chocolate bars so much he bought another one. This time he opened the  wrapper and found the fifth and final golden ticket in the contest. In the  end Charlie ends up winning more that he thought he would from Willy  Wonka's big contest.
B00000253N|4.0|great harp, perfect tempo, bob has the blues, yeah
B00002MZ4W|5.0|You know I question the music business nowadays.  Let me make sure this is right: CDs are for the music, to listen to music right?  So why does everyone hate Fiona Apple because of the image she protrays, because she  doesn't wear make up, because she doesn't say the speeches everyone wants  to hear?  When people write these reviews and say they hate her music it's  not because of the music but because of HER.  I heard that When the Pawn  hasn't gone platnum yet....why not!   IT's so annnoying.  She writes her  own music unlike let's say....Britney Spears, Cristina Agularia, N'synce,  Backstreet Boys, Mandy Moore, 98 Degress, LFO.  The list goes on and on.   But Fiona Apple--She writes all her songs, and not only that they're  poetic, beautiful, and deep.  Everyone is so stuck on the image:  How they  act, how they look, what they wear, what they say.  It makes me sad to  think that songs like:  On the Bound, Paper Bag, Love Ridden, Get Gone  aren't most likely going to be heard by everyone out there.  Cuz a lot of  people don't like Fiona Apple's image.  She's so different from everyone  else and it's amazing what she says.  She's really smart.  I've read some  of the interviews she's had and everything she says is so deep and  emotional.  She really has a soul and it shows in her music.   <br />             Read some of the lyrics:                I KNOW So be it, I'm your crowbar  If that's what I am so far Until you get out of this mess And I will  pretend That I don't know of your sins Until you are ready to confess But  all the time, I'll And you can use my skin To bury secrets in And I will  settle you down And at my own suggestion, I will ask no questions While I  do my thing in the background But all the time, all the time I'll know,  I'll know Baby--I can't help you out, while she's still around So for the  time being, I'm being patient And amidst this bitterness If you'll just  consider this--even if it don't make sense All the time--give it time And  whenthe crowd becomes your burden And you've early closed your curtains,  I'll wait by the backstage door While you try to find the lines to speak  your mind And pry it open, hoping for an encore And if it gets too late,  for me to wait For you to find you love me, and tell me so It's ok, don't  neet to say it.<br />           WHEN THE PAWN is a masterpiece, amazing.  The  songs on that cd aren't the same, they're all different with a different  subject, all in depth and deep.  If you really hear and listen to it you  would absolutely be mesmoriZed by it.  And what's also neat about these  songs is that you can relate to on or the other.  If it's love loss, to  rape, to knowing your boyfriend's cheeting on you.  It's amazing what she  write's about.<br /> She's so cool!
B0000035E7|5.0|This album will alway's stand out for NIRVANA!  It offer's pure, passionate, and hard grunged out metal music from the lyrical guniess himself, Kurt Cobain.  Negative Creep, is a self indured passionate metal  song, About A Girl is the softest song on the album, but is still in  greatness along with NIRVANA!  In wich About A Girl is about Kurt's old  girlfriend, and is very true. That's if you have seen the Kurt and Courtny  movie.  All out this album is a NIRVANA master piece, and &quot;in my  mind&quot; shouldn't be over looked!
0800141865|5.0|I can understand that a lot of people on this board don't like the topic of this movie, but that shouldn't keep them from enjoying a fantastic movie.  I personally found this movie absolutely hilarious--Larry Flynt is  definitely a colorful character, as is Althea.  Woody Harrelson, Courtney  Love, and Edward Norton give outstanding performances.  It's really amazing  to see how a dirt poor red neck kid can end up being a millionaire.  You'll  be left wondering what stunt is Larry Flynt going to pull next.  So what if  Hustler is disgusting to you?  As Edward Norton said, you have the right to  not buy it.  A brilliant, brilliant film.  I would definitely recommend  picking this one up.
014028009X|1.0|Bridget's struggle to find a man wasn't nearly as tough as my struggle to complete this book. Initially, I was amused by the premise, by Bridget's daily summaries of her calorie intake, units of alcohol, and number of  cigarettes. But her pursuit of happiness wore on me. <br />Bridget and her  friends were shallow and dull. I give her credit for retaining a dry sense  of humor throughout her diary; that's about all she had going for her.
B000002KN8|3.0|The problem with Speak &amp; Spell is that Depeche Mode recorded some flagrantly wimpy garbage (&quot;Boys Say Go!,&quot; &quot;What's Your Name?&quot;) and mixed it in with some excellent (albeit somewhat dated)  synth pop a la Vince Clark (&quot;Photographic,&quot; &quot;New Life,&quot;  &quot;Just Can't Get Enough,&quot; &quot;Dreaming of Me&quot;).  Make sure  you program your CD player to skip tracks 4 through 6 when listening to  this album or be prepared for the impending sickness.  If it were not for  those few terrible songs, Speak &amp; Spell would be one of the band's best  albums.  Note: the version of &quot;Photographic&quot; included on this  album is significantly different than the one included on The Singles  81&gt;85 (but both are highly recommended).
B00004T9UF|3.0|I think Eminem is a very good rapper but this album contains few well written, upbeat songs. For example Stan is more than six minutes and is literally&quot;talking&quot; not rapping. If you like The Slim Shady LP  this will most likely come as a great dissapointment to you. The only songs  that I really like are The Real Slim Shady and Kill You. In my opinion  buying this CD was a big waste of money.
B000002KZA|3.0|More consistent than A Broken Frame and featuring the fabulous &quot;Everything Counts,&quot; Construction Time Again nevertheless has its share of duds.  While Gore and Wilder's two collaborations, &quot;Two  Minute Warning&quot; and &quot;The Landscape Is Changing,&quot; as well as  Gore's moody &quot;Shame,&quot; are worthy (but unspectacular) pop songs,  &quot;Pipeline&quot; and its working class hero sentiment (complete with  metal clanking sounds) is flat out boring, &quot;More Than a Party&quot;  fails in its attempt to be upbeat, and &quot;And Then...&quot; finishes  things off in dirge-like fashion with pessimistic lyrics that foreshadowed  things to come.  On this album, and &quot;Pipeline&quot; in particular,  Depeche Mode started to tinker with the industrial sound that would make  &quot;People Are People&quot; a huge success the following year.  Casual  fans can skip this album in favor of the concise and representative The  Singles 81&gt;85.
0312853238|5.0|I read a lot of OSC's books and this one really stands out.  Really touched me and I shared it with all of my friends!
B000002L75|3.0|One of the most consistently overrated of Depeche Mode's albums by the critics, Some Great Reward has little more to offer than the other two best pre-Black Celebration DM albums, Speak &amp; Spell and Construction Time  Again.  While there is no question that &quot;Blasphemous Rumours&quot; is  as catchy a tune as any Depeche Mode has written and one with darker, more  thought provoking lyrics than almost anything else in their cannon, the  highly praised &quot;Somebody&quot; is sappy, cloying dross, and  &quot;Master and Servant&quot; is not nearly as essential as the critics  suggest.  However, there are a few very good tunes here that can't be found  anywhere else.  &quot;Something to Do,&quot; the sultry &quot;Lie to  Me,&quot; and the confident sounding, catchy &quot;If You Want&quot; are  especially good.  Of the others tracks not mentioned, all are pleasantly  innocuous, not adding to or taking away from the overall fine quality of  the album.
B00004SCX6|5.0|i baught her first cd and now i baught the second this cd rocks brit did an awesome job making the cd she even wrote one. it is called
B00004TH7Z|5.0|After hearing many disapointing reunion albums ie., Ratt, Motley's &quot;Generation Swine,&quot; and Kiss's, &quot;Psycho Circus&quot; it is a thrill to hear Iron Maiden get it right. This is easily their best work  since &quot;Number of the Beast.&quot; This would have made a nice  substitute for the formulatic and  weak &quot;Somewhere in Time.&quot;  Bruce sings the lyrics with great conviction and the three guitar attack  really helps all the songs reach their full potential. The one stand out is  the drumming of Nicko Mcbrain. He gets a chance to really show off his  chops, which have been muted on the past 4 or 5 albums. A true drumming  masterpiece. The production shines and the fact that it was  an  &quot;all-hands-on deck&quot; effort in the songwriting dept. makes &quot;A  Brave New World&quot; a Maiden classic. Well worth the investment!
B000023X9W|4.0|What once was lost, now is found/Amazing grace? Probably. Perhaps catalyzed by the &quot;Unplugged&quot; experience?<br /><br /> I doubt there is anything that will prove to be as memorable on this sweet and relaxed  album of this aged (but not old!) master as on his first solo albums, or  the songs he wrote as part of Buffalo Springfield (dimly but unbitterly  remembered in a cut here). I am not convinced that Young has returned to  the vein of ore he mined earlier, but even if he is only sifting through  tailings, there is still some shining stuff left there. That is, this is a  welcome supplement to the nostalgia of the revisited prime Young of the 70s  that &quot;Unplugged&quot; reminded us of. The sound is here. Even if, as I  think, the substance is less, there is subtance--new substance even.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|O.k. Like most Maiden fans I thought the band had ended when Bruce hung up his Maiden microphone, but to be fair I did buy The X factor and Virtual XI and although the distinctive guitar sound was still there, after 11 years  of Bruce, Blaze was a bit hard to swallow. As such I have waited for this  album with baited breath. To hear that not only has Bruce returned to his  calling (lets be honest, it wasn't the same without him) but Adrian had as  well, had me practically foaming at the mouth. But was all this excitement  worthwhile? YOU BET IT WAS!  Brave New World has become the next Fear Of  The Dark. From the opening riffs of The Wicker Man to the Chanting chorus  of The Thin Line Between Love And Hate, this album grabs you by your ripped  Maiden       T-shirt and screams in your face! Tracks of particular note  are The Fallen Angel (Adrian and Steve returning to an almost Seventh Son  feeling), Out Of The Silent Planet (Catchy chorus lads), and Blood Brothers  (Which I suspect is quite a personal song to Steve Harris). This album  proves that, even after 24 years, Maiden can still rock. Lets just hope  that enough 14-16 year-olds put down their Britney spears CD's and become a  new generation of Maiden fanatics. REAL music IS out there you lot and it's  name is BRAVE NEW WORLD!
B00003CX5A|5.0|Let me start my review by venting a little frustration with Paramount.  When I pre-ordered my DVD, the item description indicated one of the features of the DVD would be deleted scenes.  When the DVD was released,  however, it did not contain these deleted scenes.  What's up, Paramount?  The &quot;Deleted Scenes&quot; feature is pretty much a DVD standard, so  why were they cut?<br />Despite this frustration, I still give the movie five  stars because the film is truly fantastic.  The scenery and sets are  beautiful, and the costumes, particularly Lady Van Tassel's dresses, are  marvelous.  Add to this the dazzling special effects of the numerous  beheadings and the Horseman himself, and you've got a great film.  On top  of all this, Burton has recruited some amazing acting talent.  In addtion  to Johnny Depp and Christina Ricci, the film's cast includes Christopher  Walken, Miranda Richardosn (one of my personal favorites), Michael Gambon,  and Ian McDiarmid, and Christopher Lee, all of whom give top-notch  performances. The story, while not Washington Irving's original tale, is  interesting as well, though at times the dialogue is a bit cheesy and  melodramatic.  Melodrama, however, has been a key element of the gothic  since Horace Walpole picked up a pen and wrote _The Castle of Otranto_, so  it's easy to forgive lines such as &quot;I curse the day you came to Sleepy  Hollow.&quot;<br />I thoroughly enjoyed the director's commentary by Tim  Burton, although he seems to have an unhealthy fascination for Jeffrey  Jones's wig.  The interviews with the cast and crew were fun, and the  &quot;Behind the Legend&quot; featurette was informative and interesting.  All in all, _Sleepy Hollow_ is a great film and worth owning.  Even if the  DVD doesn't have the deleted scenes.
B00000IHBM|5.0|Bought in Germany and is a must have for all DEEP PURPLE fans!  Quality of all songs is amazing!  Great feel of being there live!  Definitly among the best of live CDs!
B00004T8RK|3.0|When I first heard Binatural, I was quite dissapointed.  The album starts out strong, but as it goes on, it gets slower and weirder.  You can tell these guys have changed.  They will never be like they used to be.  Their  old stuff is so much better than this.  I listened to it over and over  thinking that it will grow on me, but it didnt happen.  I have to say this  is their weakest effort on an album.
B00004T8RK|3.0|Okay, lets get it out of the way upfront.  Binaural will not be remembered alongside Ten, Vs. or Vitalogy as a classic Pearl Jam album.  Instead, it sounds like a very good indie album made by an experienced indie band.  Had  this record been made by an unknown band, it would have been lucky to sell  more than 25,000 copies.  Don't get me wrong, Binaural is a solid effort  with some memorable tunes on it.  However, it will be the older PJ songs  that fans will cheer on the upcoming American tour -- not any of these new  ones.  <br />This album has been characterized by many as a  &quot;transitional&quot; album in the same vein that U2's Unforgettable  Fire led into their Joshua Tree album.  The problem is that this is Pearl  Jam's third consecutive transitional album without any Joshua Trees in  between.  <br />Some say that Pearl Jam's sound has evolved on this record.   Somehow, however, I don't hear it.  Breakherfall (in what is not becoming  very tired) is Pearl Jam's paint-by-numbers, riff-heavy standard opening  song (compare it to Go, Last Exit or Brain of J).  Breakherfall is indeed a  great rocker, however Pearl Jam is a good enough band to surprise us for  once with new sounds.  In fact, 75% of these songs could have subbed in on  Vitalogy or Yield and sounded perfectly fine in those albums' context.   <br />Let it be said, however, that Binaural is an enjoyable listen and  contains some fine tunes including: Thin Air, Nothing as it Seems,  Insignificance, Of the Girl, and Parting Ways. <br />I know I am not alone in  waiting for Pearl Jam to make that definitive, timeless album that we know  they have the potential to make.
B000002H6C|5.0|&quot;And Justice for All&quot;  is no where near Metallicas best, but it has to be tough being the album in between two master pieces such as &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; and &quot;The Black Album&quot;. One  dissapointing aspect of &quot;And Justice for All&quot; is that it has such  shoddy production. Jason Newsted's bass line is just about invisible, and  Hetfields voice is so loud compared to everything else that you dont hear  the hard hitting riffs of every other instrument. But on the pro-side, it  does start out incredibly powerful with the riff-happy   &quot;Blackened&quot;, it pounds at your skull and just begs to be  headbanged to. Also there is &quot;One&quot; which is ten times better than  &quot;Enter Sandman&quot; and has a great solo. The album ends on another  powerful note with the anger filled &quot;Dyers Eve&quot; in which Hetfield  yells at his parents for their flaws. With all the good songs on  &quot;...And Justice For All&quot; its hard to believe that there are  better Metallica albums. I say start your collection with &quot;The Black  Album&quot; or &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;
006092988X|4.0|Every so often I find a story that is so authentic in the revealing of its characters, that I find myself wondering about them when I'm finished.  &quot;How is Francie?&quot; I think to myself...&quot;Is Katie happy?&quot;  I wonder...&quot;Does Neely sing just like his father?&quot;...as if they  are real, and their lives continued somewhere in the cosmos after I  finished the last page.  This is one such book.  Although I found the  everyday drudgery of the Nolans just trying to survive a bit tiring, I  would often chastise myself with the thought that &quot;This is very real  for many people, even today...&quot;  The crisis of poverty and hunger  remains with us, and I was struck by my own frivolity as I watched the  Nolans struggle to save every single penny.  I wonder if I had read this  book at a younger age, would my lifestyle have been any different?  It is  well worth the occasional struggle to complete this novel...for I believe  it will impact you internally.
B00000G3Q4|4.0|Marking director Sam Raimis first film, &quot;Evil Dead&quot; is the must have film for any gore and horror film. Even with the extremely low budget this movie was made  on, it still doesn't sease to amaze you with is  horrorific effects and good acting. Ash who is played by Bruce Campell is  the hero of &quot;Evil Dead&quot;, and his acting is so good that you  forget how low budget it is. I did however make the mistake of seeing  &quot;Army of Darkness&quot; before I saw this movie. &quot;Army of  Darkness&quot; is by far a better movie than &quot;Evil Dead&quot;, but  &quot;Evil Dead&quot; is still the originator. So get this movie, and make  sure you get the collectors edition.
B00000DHRX|4.0|for george michael's career retrospective, he pulled out all the stops. not only does this album contain all of his solo hits, but also includes remixes, live cuts, album cuts, one-offs and basically gives the buyer a  hell of a lot for his money. the first disc contains all of george's hit  ballads such as &quot;careless whisper&quot; and &quot;one more try&quot;  in addition to the beautiful &quot;cowboys and angels&quot; (from  &quot;listen w/o prejudice&quot; and a stunning cover of bonnie raitt's  &quot;i can't make you love me&quot;. the steady stream of depressing  ballads may wear some out, but for a quick fix, all you have to do is pop  in the 2nd disc, which features george's numerous dance hits, including  &quot;faith&quot;, &quot;freedom&quot; and &quot;fastlove&quot;. it also  contains the jimmy jam/terry lewis 45 remix of &quot;monkey&quot;, a brand  new remix of &quot;star people&quot; which utilizes part of the gap band's  &quot;burn rubber&quot;, and the club smash &quot;hard day&quot;. the two  new songs &quot;outside&quot; and &quot;a moment with you&quot; are  pleasant but by no means indicativ of the high quality of george's previous  work. minor issue:presumably in order to keep people buying  &quot;faith&quot;, george and sony left &quot;i want your sex&quot; off  this album, replacing it with te ho-hum &quot;part 2&quot; version of this  song, a move which striles me as slightly shady. otherwise, for 2 hours of  great music, this album is very highly recommended.
B00000AFWW|1.0|All I gotta say is this: Courtney, you cannot sing. Why try to attempt something you're just not good at? And for the rest of the band, learn to play around with some different guitar effects, get creative. Also, why  don't you guys sit down and write an actual song! Good idea! instead of  having Kurt Cobain or Billy Corgan write them for you. This is like the  Spice Girls of alternative. All manufactured, all hyped up for nothing. Do  yourself a favor and buy Human Waste Project's cd instead.
B000001EGA|5.0|I was in high school when this album came out and most of my friends were disappointed. Many of the same people who loved yellow brick road couldn't get into this one. After hundreds of listenings i consider this to be  elton's finest work, much better than yellow brick road. In these songs is  a warmth and feeling that is lacking in much of elton's work. These songs  are less contrived, the lyrics more profound. There is less an attempt by  elton to put together the catchy melodies and choruses. Instead the songs  are allowed to breathe and the musicians allowed to extend their  contributions. Case in point is capt fantastic a song that reminds me of  the tumbleweed-honky chateau period. Great acoustic guitar drives the song  and there is no hurry to rush into the chorus allowing the poetic lyrics to  make an impact. I love the bluesy &quot;when the whistle blows&quot; and  the rockin &quot;meal ticket&quot;. &quot;Writing&quot; has an incredibly  fresh sound even today and represent some of taupins finest lyrics. When  elton does sing a slow ballad he sounds more genuine and once again there  is no hurry to find a hook. <br />Certainly this is the best elton record up  to that point from an instrumental perspective. The guitar work is first  rate and a variety of sounds and textures are used. <br />Simply a great  CD!...........socks
0425129586|3.0|I was assigned to read this book as for an eigth grade report. To me, the book was a little dull at the start; but twords the middle it became a book that you don't want to put down. I gave this book three stars because the  begining was dull and I had second thoughts about reading it. However, I  would strongly recomend this book to anyone who loves mysteries.
B00003003S|5.0|Please.  Are there any better albums then the live ones.  These two CDs made me wich i was born earler so i could go to a concert.  Form the guitar solo in Rocket Queen to the entrence of november Rain. This is a definate  buy for the GNR fan.
B000002JS0|5.0|Everyone knows that Highway To Hell and Back In Black are classics, but I'd venture to say that this is AC/DC's next best album. A truly astoudning debut, nearly every song is a great classic that set in stone the AC/DC formula that the band would (thankfully) never change.    \\"Long Way to the Top\\" is a great opener, but it only gets better from there. The  title track, \\"T.N.T.,\\" \\"The Jack\\" and others are some of the band's best. This is a must for any fan.
B00002MZ2T|5.0|This is da CD for ANY and ALL Savage Garden Fans! Whether you have their 1st CD or not, it's worth getting this one!  Your money will definitely be well spent!  All the songs are awesome and the guys are HOT! ~ :)
B000002JS8|5.0|and nearly the best period, as only Back in Black surpasses it. Original singer Bon Scott's last album with the band was their magnum opus. The title track is an absolute classic. \\"Touch Too Much,\\" \\"Girl Got Rhythm,\\" \\"Shot Down in Flames\\" and \\"Walk All over You\\" are all great with excellent riffs from lead guitarist Angus Young's bottomless bag. The first five songs are a lot better than the last five, but those aren't bad either. This is a must buy.
6300263673|5.0|This movie was my favorite movie of all times. They have such wonderful dace moves on this movie, i know it must have taken them soooo long to accomplish those complicated dance moves. I was absolutely stunned at their  dance moves. I LUV penny's shoes when she dances (the silver ones) and i  luv all the songs on there, there isn't one i don't like, or know all the  words to, since i have seen the movie a million times (and the first time a  saw it was about 12 days ago!) I have asked around and found out it's a lot  of people's favorite movie. This absolutely tops the list of ABSOLUTELY  WONDERFUL!
B00004SCX6|5.0|britney did it again. i love this cd just as much as ...baby one more time and i really liked ...baby one more time. i liked this cd so much i gave it to my friend for her birthday and we lisen to Oops!... I did it again about  20 times over and over again. thats how good it is.
B00004SCX6|5.0|It just rules. I love every single song on the album !  What more can I say. My advise ... go and buy this album ! I am more of an Eminem fan myself but if an Eminem fan likes this album then anyone would !
0446677450|2.0|Although the messages the author tries to convey are important, the 195 pages it takes to present them is ridiculous.  There's probably only about 35 pages of real content here, and an overabundance of fill and repetition  make up the rest.  In addition, the format of comaring Rich Dad and Poor  Dad leaves a sour taste in this reader's mouth; I am uncomfortable with the  aparent disdain the author has for his biological father.  He may not  actually feel this way (I certainly hope not!), but that is the impression  one comes away with.<br />In short, there are some very important lessons in  this book, and it is worthwhile to extract these lessons, however  distasteful some of the writing may appear.
0393316041|2.0|One of our times' most well known physicists tells some supposedly amusing anecdotes from his life in 'Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!', but in many cases I fail to see the humor. The writing is rather pedestrian, but  the author does not purport to create great literature, only to amuse. Some  of these anecdotes can be described as funny, but in many of the stories  Feynman shows a glaring lack of empathy with his fellow man, and seems to  be completely unaware of his shortcoming in this respect. Feynman was among  other things involved in the Manhattan project, and if this is what passed  for humor among the people who created the bomb, their moral stance (or  lack thereof) becomes more tangible. It is a very chilling realization.
6305499365|4.0|This movie is a funny, sarcastic look at the 9 to 5 existence and what it does to all those working drones out there.  Peter works at Initech, a generic company whose purpose is never really revealed, though we know it  has something to do with cubicles and computers.  His smug boss is asking  him to come in on his weekend, his jumpy coworker Milton mumbles about  keeping an eye on his Swingline stapler and threatens weakly to burn the  building down if they move his desk just one more time, and to make  everything worse, word is that the company is bringing in a consultant to  make things more efficient (i.e. fire people).  Understandably, Peter's  feeling a little tense and burned out. His soon-to-be-ex-girlfriend urges  him to see a hypnotherapist, who drops dead in the middle of the session,  leaving Peter wrapped up in a much calmer attitude.  Ironically, instead of  getting him fired, this attitude impresses certain higher-ups in the  company and Peter is promoted just as his buddies are about to get canned.   Stuck between moving up and losing his friends, Peter and the guys hatch a  scheme to embezzle company funds in such a gradual way that no one is  supposed to find out.  Things go a little wrong, but just as Peter is ready  to give up and turn himself in, fate steps in and changes things in a way  nobody expected.<br />Anyone has ever held a job can relate to the humor in  this movie, even if the job is not office-related (Peter's new girlfriend  Joanna, for example, works as a waitress in a restaurant but also hates her  irritating boss).  The first few minutes of the movie show various  characters braving rush hour to get to work.  Who hasn't changed lanes in  traffic, only to have that lane stop moving while cars in the old lane  suddenly roar ahead?  If you don't mind the rap soundtrack (I didn't care  for it but the movie was good anyway) and quite a bit of swearing, you will  probably enjoy this movie.
0399134204|5.0|The Joy Luck Club is a very intresting, rewarding book to read. Although a little bit hard to get into at first.
B000002V07|5.0|This CD is one my top ten albums to listen to.  Whenever I have a bad day or feel down in the dumps, this is the perfect album to drift off into. The content of the album is unique in that the songs create not only feeling,  but visual interpretations as well.Hope's lyrics and music create such a  soothing tone and feeling.  Anyone who listens to it will be able to  visualize the perfect picture to match the lyrical and musical content that  she is portraying.I've never been more pleased with any other album than  this.I would only recommend this album to anyone who feeds on peace,  serenity, and tranquility.
6305622930|5.0|Every time I watch this movie I am amazed by how much Goerge C. Scott looks like Patton. If you see documentaries of Patton you'll see what I mean.  <br />This is simply the BEST acting job ever! If an award were to be  given for the preformance of the century this should be the winner!<br />The  story is great, an insight into a brilliant military mind and how the  Germans feared this brillance.  I like movies that give you both  perspectives!<br />The dvd's picture quallity and sound are excellent.  It's a  pleasure to watch and the menu is easy to use. There's also a booklet with  a timeline of all the important dates in Patton's life, a nice extra!   There's also a bonus disc with a documentary on the making of Patton,  although I like the movie so much I have only watched it once.<br />This is a  MUST HAVE for all war movie collectors. You'll love it!
B000023VR6|5.0|One word about this C.D. DAMN! This is quite possibly one of the best albums released this year, with cameos by Snoop Dogg and others, this C.D. creates music reminiscent to that of N.W.A.  Also with the addition of rap  superstar Eminem, Dre creates quite possibly one of the best rap albums  ever.  And what else would the theme of Dre's album be besides FUN...  That's right, I'm talking about the traditional &quot;Cash, Cars, and  Women&quot; stance that most rappers take today, but Dre has gone far and  above the call of duty, each song is presented with a different style, but  all has that certain something which can only be dubbed as &quot;DRE.&quot;   Not only is this C.D. entertaining but it is VERY amusing, with the intros  and between song skits, once again, Dre comes up with just what the doctor  ordered...
0446310786|4.0|This novel was an excellent eye opener for me.  It helped me realize how people judge others so harshly.  I had never realized how unfair some issues are just because of someone's skin color or because they may be  different.  I recommend this book, being the eye opener that it was, to any  high school student looking for a book to really catch there attention and  to get them thinking.  In this novel the one thing that stuck out to me is  how people were so judgmental about everything that happened.  Everyone in  the whole town is judgmental about everyone and thing that happened.  For  one, this book can teach you things about the history of blacks and there  struggle through rough times in the south.  The details of hatred in this  book are so visible it really makes you see what people were treated like  back then.  The way these people are treated, makes you realize how lucky  you are.  Second, this opens your eyes to the world of parenting through  Atticus.  It helps you see how difficult it is to raise kids being a single  parent.  Atticus does a great job letting the kids realize for themselves  the facts of life.  Finally, I enjoyed this book because it was not too  complex.  Some people enjoy books that make you think and have very complex  plots.  Don't get me wrong this book makes you think but it is a little  more up front about the plot.  It tells you how it is and stills makes a  huge impact.
B00004SCX6|3.0|Oops, she did it again. And that's the biggest disappointment of this new album. It sounds exactly like her &quot;Baby One More Time&quot; fare, so that means another dozen or so tracks of teen bubble-gum pop. <br />Now this  isn't necessarily bad if you like that sort of thing, but I was secretly  hoping that Spears would somehow show some trace of versatility. She  doesn't. The songs sound the same, her voice sounds the same (maybe a bit  edgier), and the lyrics are the same &quot;Hey baby why are you breaking my  heart&quot; or &quot;Why am I breaking your heart&quot; or &quot;Why are  they breaking our hearts&quot;. It gets old. Of course, I can't fault  Spears for her lyrics...she didn't write them anyway. <br />To the album's  credit, the songs are as catchy as they've ever been. No doubt, it'll still  go platinum, but just in case it flops, the producers have a backup  plan--plenty more videos with her dancing around in schoolgirl outfits.
B0000024SI|5.0|Dylan's &quot;must have&quot; album.Sheer art.
0140282033|5.0|It is always wonderful to find a new voice and Joanne Harris definitely has a way with Chocolat.  I won't get into the plot lines and specifics of the book because there are dozens of other reviews that have done that part  already.  What I will say is that I thoroughly enjoyed this book and have  recommended Chocolat to everyone I have met along the way that loves books  as much as I do.  The voices used to tell the story are wonderful and  engaging in such a way that you get immediately transported to a small  village full of wonderful characters and atmosphere...you become a part of  their lives.<br />I read for the love of books and words, if you are the same  and looking for a light story full of interesting characters this is  definitely the book for you.
B00004T8RK|5.0|I believe this to be the best album of the year.  It was not nearly my favorite when I first bought it, but after giving it chances, it is.   I am always open to new music, and Pearl Jam is always there giving it to me.  I  DO NOT want another Ten or V.S.  The new CD shows a gracefulness about it,  that only age can create.     Among many other famous tracks, everyone on  the new album is good.  Binaural includes great guitar and bass.  They have  background vocals, a new fairly element with Pearl Jam-- and the only songs  that lack a bit are the last three,  Sleight of Hand, Soon Forget, and  Parting Ways.   Still a good ride and a new drummer.  Good job Matt!
B00002MZ2T|5.0|I waited 8 months to buy this cd. God, I feel stupid. I deprived myself of one of the best things since, uh, maybe the day Starbucks was born. Darren has a beautiful voice and an awesome falsetto. Daniel makes the music  perfectly wrap itself around the words,complementing them and, well, making  ears all over the world happy. A song-by-song review<br />1. Affirmation: A  really blunt song where the two tell what they believe about life. Frankly,  it's the truth to me but even if you don't agree with them it sure makes  you think. The intro was really long and I was getting impatient waiting to  hear Darren's voice (It's almost a minute long).<br />2. Hold Me: This is a  beautiful mid-tempo song. It's my personal favorite of all the songs  because of the music behind Darren's voice. He sings with so much emotion  in this song.<br />3. I Knew I Loved You: There's no need to review this  one;everyone's probably heard it at least a million times. I'll just say it  gets better every time I hear it.<br />4. The Best Thing: Another mid-tempo  about what I'm guessing is someone obessessed and in love with someone  else. The music is beautiful but the lyrics could have been improved (Not  that they're bad, they just could've been a touch better).<br />5. Crash and  Burn: My second most-favorite song on this album. This song just embodies  true friendship. I really like the music to this one.<br />6. Chained to You:  This one is about a guy who is attracted to a siren(seductive woman for  those who know nothing of Greek mythology). Being a girl, I don't get the  concept of male obsession too well. It's kinda forgettable.<br />7. The Animal  Song: I don't understand how anyone could possibly hate this song! Animals  are free and all they're saying is that they want that freedom. Anyone over  the age of 12 or 13 will relate in some way. Darren's falsetto is at its  best here.<br />8. The Lover After Me: This is one, touching, sad song. I love  the music and the lyrics convey the sadness and passion for someone  lost.<br />9. Two Beds and a Coffee Machine: A truly saddening song. It's  piano driven and the only other music comes from softly cascading strings.  The simplicity of the song makes it one of my favorites.<br />10. You Can  Still Be Free: One of those songs which which are sad and uplifting at the  same time. The music seems a little harsh for the words but all in all,  it's a good song.<br />11. Gunning Down Romance: This song is kind of  sardonic. It's about someone who has lost all faith in love. This is quite  different from most of the other songs as it's sung with more of a  spitefulness.<br />12. I Don't Know You Anymore: Sad song about revisiting  someone from the past who has obviously moved on. A lot of people can  relate, even if the situation is different. This song is also solely driven  by a piano.  <br />I am by no means dissapointed by Affirmation. Darren and  Daniel have more talent than most of the people in the music industry. How  anyone can compare them to the all-surface-no-substance boy bands is  absolutely beyond me, other than the fcat that they all do pop music. As  long as you have a brain please buy the cd and state your desire to hear  real music.
B00002MZ2C|1.0|This CD is not worth any money.  There is no musical value to it, and the views  are slightly lacking sense.   Compared with the first CD, it has not changed at all, and the same old riffs are brought back time and time  again.  Perhaps if Rage hates their country so much, they should move out.   I wouldn't miss the noise they call music.
B00004SCX6|5.0|I think this album is alot better then her first one because on the first one all of her songs were about how her heart was broken but in this album the songs are more in your face like shes saying your loss not mine  like  in stronger she says you thought i couldn't make it on my own but now i'm  stronger then yesterday. ya it reminds me a bit of believe by cher but hey  it delivers a positive message. my favorite tracks are lucky, what u see(is  waht u get), stronger, and don't let me be the last to know.
0792156684|5.0|Believe me when I say Titanic is the best film ever made, I'm not lying. The special effects are masterful, the cinematography is beautiful, the screenplay is more than words, the sound is brilliant, the direction is  excellent and the acting is A++ rated. <br />Jack Dawson (Leo DiCaprio) is a  poor guy who has just won a ticket to go on the maiden voyage of the R.M.S  Titanic. When he hops on, Rose DeWitt Beckhater (Kate Winslet) becomes his  new love, and while trying to get away from the fiancee to be, Cal Hokley  (Billy Zane), they must also escape the ship or they are history!<br />This  film is romantic, dramatic, action packed and thrilling. I've said it once  and I'll say it again, Titanic is the best film of all time.
B00000064E|5.0|'River Man' might well be the most beautiful song yet written, I only wish that the demons that helped Nick produce such an outstandingly evocative body of work didn't demand such a heavy price.<br />An album for all seasons,  like all of Nick's releases it seems to work as a soundtrack to bright  Spring, lazy Summer, crisp Autumn or haunting Winter.<br />This definitively  English music beautifully captures the definitively English climate.
0783117388|4.0|Okay, ever since it won the Golden Globe for Best Comedy TV Show, Sex In The City has been the coolest US adult comedy out. Now, all its fans dreams have come true - you can buy it from amazon.com! I'll tell ya, it is a truly great video for the collection, even if you've never heard of the TV  Show! <br />Sarah Jessica Parker is great, adorable and sexy as the lead, and  all the guys and gals and do great jobs acting in the coolest show in  the city! <br />The really good thing about Sex In The City is only don't you  see sex, but you get a good look at what perverts of New York City are  really like!<br />Buy this if your a big fan of the TV show and you won't be  disappointed!
B0000029DD|5.0|I was drawn to this album on the strength of a review in either Select or Vox magazine which said he sounded '...like a choirboy serenading a prostitute...', and on hearing a couple of live session tracks on BBC  radio.  I bought it on the day of release and  saw Jeff play in the tiny  Limelight club in Belfast the next day on only his second date in Europe  (he did Dublin the previous night).<br />I went because I knew immediately I  heard he was playing in our country that, if I didn't see this guy, I'd  regret it for ever.  For months I'd wake up in the mornings with the pump  organ that starts 'Lover, You Should Have Come Over' floating around my  head like a dream.<br />And that voice...<br />Everyone who feels something so  much it aches should buy this album and cherish it.  It is fulfilling and  will enrich your life if you let it.  Everything about it is positive.  It  does everything great art is supposed to do.<br />Jeff's soul has never let me  down, and it will never leave you.
6305807043|5.0|I am glad I went to see Being John Malkovich because it was a very fun movie with an original idea and a smart screenplay. I guarantee you enjoy it.<br />The film is totally weird (not a bad thing), it follows the story of  Craig Schwartz (John Cusack) who one day, finds a hole that leads to John  Malkovich's body and mysterious and weird adventures...<br />I totally  recommend Being John Malkovich to viewers everywhere, if you haven't seen  it, see it!
B00004SCX6|5.0|I thought this cd was the coolest! It also has so many new, great songs. You'll really like it a lot. Oops!...I Did it Again made me feel good. All my friends really like this cd too.
0783229887|4.0|This movie was okay. I mean, it is a Chucky movie and those are quite different than the other horror movies out there. It was different. <br />Chucky is back and looking for some type of amulet that will turn him  into a human. He picks up Jennifer Tilly on the way, who was a dangerous  gothic chick who restored Chucky to his natural doll-form. Then, she become  a doll herself and they are on their way to becoming human again. Two  teenagers are unknowingly helping them. It has its funny points.... And it  was okay.
B00000HYXB|5.0|im not a die hard Metal guy, I listen to strictly Hardcore and some metalcore.  But when one of my friends gave me a listen to this cd i was blown away.  There is nothing wrong w/ this album, just like there is  nothing wrong w/ any of their albums.  They create perfect music w/ perfect  vocals/chants, and the lyrics are awesome too (actually they made me go out  a read a bunch of Tolkien stuff).  If your looking for incredible music,  buy this album
0790736314|5.0|An ultimate classic! My God, this movie is good. It's about a little girl who gets possessed by The Devil. That is the only way to describe it. This movie is WAAY ahead of its time as far as scary movies go.... Please, I'm  begging you, if you haven't seen this movie, you've got to! It is THE best!
6305499403|1.0|Weak Weak Weak. I was absolutely flabbergasted at the rave reviews this movie has received on the internet. Are we really that desparate for entertaiment?   For those of you thinking about renting or buying this  piece of trash, let me clue you in. Here's the plot (unbelievable and  stupid as it is) in a nutshell:  A guy and his pals get fed up with their  redundant jobs. (Who hasn't felt that way?) The company decides to  downsize, and calls the employees into the office one by one to  (SUPPOSEDLY) evaluate their value to the company. So our hero goes in,  admits that he does NOTHING, and (hold onto your hats) gets A PROMOTION.  And his father-in-law isn't the big boss (note sarcasm.) Is there such a  company on the face of the entire PLANET?  If so, let me know, I want to  work (or not work, rather) for them!    There is a scene in this movie  where he has went to see a hypnotherapist to instill some confidence in  himself, and the therapist dies right there in the office, BEFORE HE CAN  EVEN PLANT ANY SUBLIMINAL POSITVES INTO THE GUY&quot;S THICK SKULL!  This  &quot;Session&quot; supposedly gave him confidence in himself!   Then our  hero hardly ever comes into work anymore, and isn't even reprimanded, not  to mention fired.  Our heroes (3 of them) decide to embezzle money from  their (very generous) company. The thing backfires as they have stolen way  too much money too soon, and most of the rest of the movie consists of  these three idiots running around in a panic.  The ending (I'll not give it  away, some poor entertainment- starved people might actually get one  chuckle from this total waste) is stupid, thrown together, an afterthought.   Moronic. No, it's beyond moronic, it's Sub-Moronic.  I bought this  phlegm-wad of a tape based soley on the rave reviews I read about it.  PLEASE don't make the same mistake.  Funniest movie ever made?  Don't  make me laugh, the movie certainly didn't!
0788821075|5.0|Okay, can anyone say that they do NOT like &quot;Pretty Woman&quot;?  I mean, this is &quot;Pretty Woman&quot; guys... This is definitly NOT a one star movie here.<br />I think everyone knows what happens, but I should  explain it anyway for those who have been living under a rock for the past  twenty years. Vivan (Julia Roberts) meets Edward (Richard Gere). She's a  street hooker, he's a multi-millionaire. He picks her up for a one-night  stand. When he finds that he needs a date for a few social events, he asks  her to stay for a week or so for a certain amount of money (Something like  3 thousand or 3 million dollars... I forgot). They end up falling in love.  But like every love story ever made, they hit a speed-bump or two which  causes her to become mad at him and leave, ultimately causing him to create  some extrordany Prince Charming-like plan to win her back. ::Love-stricken  sigh:: Ah, love!<br />Well, see this movie. It's a definite must-see!
0451160916|5.0|Stephen King is one of the best horror writers.  His book, The Shining is a great horror film.  It takes place in a hotel in the snowy Rocky Mountains.  This story is all about a family that moves to the Overlook  Hotel in the Rocky Mountains.  The family moves so the father can be  isolated and have the time to write.  The kid, Danny has great powers that  he doesn't know about.  In the hotel many terrible and horror things  happen.  The most famous saying is &quot;redrum.&quot;  It spells out  murder backwards.  I recommend this book to anyone that loves horror books  or anyone that loves Stephen King.
B000000OU0|5.0|All I can say is My God! I cannot stop playing this CD. All of the live tracks are superior to the original, especially their standout, Hotel California. This one as has it all. My favorite Eagles songs, Hotel  California, The Last Resort, Life in the Fast Lane, Take It Easy, and the  new Get Over It, which is easily the best song put out by any group in the  90's, although that doesn't say much. Henley really shines here the most.  His voice is stronger than ever. It's a damn shame that the greatest  reunion in Rock and Roll history didn't last. They could have given us some  new standards in a musically pathetic decade.
B0000060NF|5.0|Hindsight, I guess, must really be 20/20.  It may come as a surprise to some, but this album was not always thought of as an all-time classic by rock critics (they're the ones whose reviews get published and taken  seriously).  But in recent years, it has taken on timeless stature.  One  well-received and -regarded tome had it rated #2 all-time, right behind The  Beatles' Sgt. Pepper lp.  You will hear &quot;What's Going On&quot;  referred to as the greatest soul album ever.  But the truth is that this  work is the greatest album ever released into mainstream popular music;  even greater than Sgt. Pepper (which was, indeed, great)!  The reason I  feel this way is that Marvin Gaye did not set out to change the world with  this album.  He only set out to change the way the world saw him and his  music.  For the first time, a popular artist said, &quot;Forget you&quot;  to his boss and did his OWN thing, producing the work as he saw fit, and  telling it like it was (and still is).  Marvin Gaye had fears and  questions.  He was coming off a long layoff after the death of his singing  partner, Tammi Terrell, at the young age of 25.  He went out on a limb, and  he shared with us these fears and questions, as well as hopes and dreams.  Check out the subject matter, and remember that we're talking about an  album released in 1971.  War.  Politics.  Drugs.  Children.  God.  Ecology.  Brotherhood.  Freedom.  Power.  Poverty.  People. The irony is that, both  before and after this project, Marvin Gaye saw himself as a crooner on the  supper club circuit!  At last count, he had issued six different full  albums of standards.  But &quot;What's Going On,&quot; being a Motown  album, was aimed right at Marvin's core audience (Black America).  And as  such, it was not hailed by the masses (at first), as it was with the Black  audiende.  But the messages here were universal, pertaining to all people,  not just the Black ones.  And that universality has shone through, yes,  even through all these years.  Sgt. Pepper had its obvious strengths, and  the craftsmanship that went into its songwriting is evident.  The praise it  has garnered in 33 years is well-earned.  But the album pales before this  one in a big way.  With the exception of &quot;Within You, Without  You,&quot; Sgt. Pepper seems to approach its issues from the blind side,  almost apologetically.  &quot;What's Going On&quot; simply blew the cover  off of &quot;What if the public doesn't buy it?&quot; convention.  It is  the most honest, the most courageous, and most important album of all-time.  The boldest of rappers have never been so eloquently relevant.  And  Marvin's messages are so timeless:  the faults he found with our society as  the sixties became the seventies are the same problems we have as we start  life in a new millenium.rough all these years.  Sgt. Pepper had its obvious strengths, and  the craftsmanship that went into its songwriting is evident.  The praise it  has garnered in 33 years is well-earned.  But the album pales before this  one in a big way.  With the exception of &quot;Within You, Without  You,&quot; Sgt. Pepper seems to approach its issues from the blind side,  almost apologetically.  &quot;What's Going On&quot; simply blew the cover  off of &quot;What if the public doesn't buy it?&quot; convention.  It is  the most honest, the most courageous, and most important album of all-time.   The boldest of rappers have never been so eloquently relevant.  And  Marvin's messages are so timeless:  the faults he found with our society as  the sixties became the seventies are the same problems we have as we start  life in a new millenium.
B00004RFCM|5.0|It's great having the First Season in one nifty package.  The content is A+, but the DVD transfer images are inconsistent and distracting.  HBO Home Video should consider providing replacement disks.
0375753761|4.0|Forster's famous novel made the century's top 100.  This is the story of the Schlegel family which consists of three young adults:  Margaret, Helen and their effeminate brother Tibby.  They are passionate for the arts and  care about the poor.<br />The Schlegel's befriend the Wilcox's.  They are the  opposite from the Schlegel's:  they are extremely wealthy and scorn the  poor.  Through the course of the story Margaret becomes engaged to the  widower Mr. Wilcox.  They eventually marry, but Margaret realizes that Mr.  Wilcox is not what he is all cracked up to be.  He was an adulterer in his  previous marriage and Margaret finds herself comprising her values and  interests to please Mr. Wilcox and keep face.<br />Tragedy accompanies the  story when Helen and Margaret befriend Leonard Bast:  a poor worker caught  in a forced marriage.  The Schlegel's try to help Leonard, but each time  they do it ultimately makes matters worse for him.  In addition, Mr. Wilcox  is somewhat responsible for Leonard's problems (although Wilcox would never  admit to it).<br />Forster writes a story about the social classes and the  problems between the rich and the poor.  In addition, Forster mentions  woman's rights.  I did enjoy the book for the most part.  Although, I was  thrown off by the many disjointed events that took place.  They do come  together at the end of the book, though.  Also, I had a bit of a hard time  reading parts of it -- as the story tended to drift and lose focus.  The  book is worth reading, especially if you like British literature.   Forster's descriptions of the English countryside also are well done and  the characters are engaging.
0671042734|5.0|Complex plot, vivid characters....who will soon forget shifty Toby, gallant Peter, or the suave Bill Haydon?  Accompany George Smiley as he unravels, step by step, an exceedingly well-tied knot in the fabric of an  uminaginable treachery.
B00000064G|5.0|This is one of my favorite albums of all time and there is not one bad song on it. Songs like &quot;Pink Moon&quot;, &quot;Road&quot;, and &quot;Ride&quot; are sacred too me and I think they should be preserved in  museum forever. This is his best and last album. Buy it and cherish it.
0553278223|5.0|....it remains quite a commentary on what people do when finding themselves in the unknown.  Will you revere the relics of a bygone people?  Or shoot the tops off them, just for fun?  Will you lose yourself in  reddened landscapes?  Or strive to have the first hotdog stand on Mars?  All options are open in these gripping tales.
B00004SCX6|5.0|this cd is ALOT better than her 1st, which was hard for her to do because i liked alot of songs on her first album... now comes her new cd and it blows the pacesetter out of the water. my favorite songs on this album are:  tracks 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 10!  they RULE. the songs cover a very  wide range of sound from don't go knockin' on my door's hip hop sound to  the pop of oops!, and even a slight country sound in don't let me be the  last to know ...of course i dont love every song on the album ,but i like  the ones that i don't love and thats rare. this is truely a GREAT cd and  very much worth the price to own it!  so buy it A.S.A.P. you know you want  to:)
0553264427|5.0|....and a stunning glimpse of the espionage arena and what it (as metaphor of the world itself) can do to those who dare to love...
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Dang I take some part of my last review back. All 10 song kicks....regardless...the best maiden ever...Bruce sure did made a difference, and they deserve a 10*, and newer bands in ol USA, listen to  this ablum and learn a thing or two. Finally I have such respect for the  band memebers and the band, maiden kept that promise, steve u r the  best...up the Irons
0553280325|5.0|Pandemonium Shadow Show, where evil is entertaining and funhouse mirrors reflect the beast within....an adventurous and imaginative novel right from the first line, a foreshadowing of the trouble that begins for two boys  when a very unusual train pulls into town one day:  &quot;The seller of  lightningrods arrived just ahead of the storm.&quot;
B00004SCX6|5.0|This is a very good album! And a LOT of people think she wouldn't make it. Oops- Very nice track. It has some BOMT beats, BUT HEY THAT'S HER STYLE!  Stronger- A little of techno/pop song, very nice, my favorite part is WHEN  SHE HOLDS A NOTE IN THE END. Where are you now- This is the song! She  really shows her voice, especially at the end.  Hidden Track- Girl in the  mirror: Very nice track, she holds once again a note at the end. It's a  very nice album! PS: I Can't get no sastifection, at the end she says:  &quot;No matter what I do, The say It's not okay&quot; She really knows her  haters!
B00003CWL5|5.0|I found this movie to be a little twisted and strange in some parts, quite funny in other parts, but overall the ending made up for it. Had it not been for the end, this would have been a 3-star movie, hands down. But the  end was phenomenal and put the whole movie in perspective. It also has a  great fundamental life lesson to it: Don't take a moment for granted. I  highly recommend it, but only if you're an intelligent movie-goer.  Excellent.
0767804724|5.0|I don't care how cheesy or overly patriotic those cynical reviewers think this movie was. It's good, old-fashioned, edge of your seat entertainment. The president is a decent, moral man who loves his family and takes care of  business in every sense of the word and right now I'd love to see his real  life counterpart in office.
B000002URV|5.0|I know how many people see this cd as a collection of songs of sensuality and sexuality.  I have listened to it many many times and love it, but I never can hear it is just a song of sex and physical pleasure.  <br />To me,  the blend of sensuality and spirituality points the contrast between each  person's drives for pleasure and one's drives for spiritual peace.  From  what I can make out of the lyrics, many of which are in french, there does  seem to be a spoken acknowledgement of this tension of sex and spirit.   Ultimately, though, my conclusion is that the theme of the CD ends with  spirituality at the helm.  <br />I do not think the CD is meant to belittle  sex or even to ask for celibacy and sexual abstinence.  I think, though,  that it touts spirituality as superior to even good sex.  I cannot listen  to this music without feeling my spiritual power and awareness lifted.   When the cd ends with lyrics, &quot;Take me back to the rivers of  belief,&quot; I retrieve from the entire cd culminating in these words that  spirit means more than anything, that spirit is humanity's most important  element.  The CD puts sex and spirituality not necessarily in conflict  although it seems to acknowledge we are usually taught to see these as  conflicting.  But I think the cd means to say sensuality is a lesser part  of spirituality; that is, sexuality and physical pleasures are part of  life, but that with growth spirituality supercedes and outdoes  sexuality.<br />I believe later Enigma CDs bear me out on this concept.  For  example, Cross of Changes lacks most of the sensuality/sexuality of  MCMXCA.D.  Instead, it deals with themes such as the exploitation of  indigent peoples and the theft of their lands by conquest.  Its main song  is Return to Innoncence.  The overall tenor of the Cross of Changes cd is  hardly one of untamed sensuality and orgiastic pleasure.  I do not think  the musicians had some sudden transformation from tactilly oriented  pleasure seekers to philosophical hope purveyors in just one CD.  Instead,  I think Enigma juxtaposed sexuality and spirituality in MCMXCA.D. in order  to tempt us with both choices and allow us to decide which interpretation  -- which choice -- to make but telling us subtly in the end with the  closing lyrics that spirituality, to the extent sex and spirit conflict, is  a more fulfilling, hopeful, positive path.
630575067X|4.0|I wrote this review because I just couldn't take it anymore. So many folks are giving this movie bad ratings, and there is simply no basis for it. It seems like there is some kind of bad-review bandwagon out there and people  are hopping aboard without putting any thought into what this film was  actually about. I am a massive Star Wars fan, and I will admit that this  movie made me sneer at first. Then I realized a couple of things, such as   1) This movie was not made to personally entertain me or anyone else from  the original Star Wars generation; it was made for today's generation (our  children)    and 2) It is easy to forget that this movie is a PRE-quel to a  film made over 20 years ago! The original SW was criticized the exact same  way this film was (too many effects, bad story, weak script, blah blah  blah). This is also the beginning of a TRILOGY. People are saying that they  miss Darth Vader without realizing that we are watching that character's  creation, as well as the other events leading up to the older films. How  could any SW fan be disappointed by that?<br />No other film in history had as  much to live up to as this movie did, and no other film has been  scrutinized more. If the other Star Wars films didn't exist and this movie  was a fresh idea, it would have been an overwhelming success. The amount of  work and detail that went into this picture is a stunning achievement. If  you take away the amazing computer-generated effects, you are still left  with massive, intricate sets the size of small towns as well as costumes  and props that are so commonplace, it becomes easy to overlook the fact  that every last bit of it was taken from one man's imagination and brought  to life with exquisite detail. He did not wave a magic wand; he spent years  and years of his life working with hundreds of amazing people in order to  give folks like you and me a two hour escape from reality. Bottom Line: If  you want the same experience that the original StarWars films gave you,  then watch THOSE. If you want to experience an amazing thrill ride of what  today's special effects have to offer, then watch Episode 1 (at least shut  up and get it for your Pokemon-drugged kids). Or, if story and plot is ALL  you care about (you boring snit), don't worry. Just stay put in front of  your 1977 classic - this new series will eventually catch up to the old  one. Before the re-makes come out, hopefully.
0425170349|5.0|I am only 14 and this is actually the first Tom Clancy book that I ever read, but I loved it.  It was action-packed and dramatic while still retaining the thrill of reality.  I would recommend it to anyone.
0380002930|4.0|although i did not find the book as embracing as many of the other reviewers, i did find it an excellent read. in my younger days i remember coming across the book and all of the fanfare that followed it. recently  for what ever reason, i decided finally to read the book.  i'll admit at my  age, i was skeptical that i would  enjoy a story about a bunch of bunnies  gallivanting around! however about 30 pages into the book and i was  completely engrossed.<br />i enjoyed several things about this book.  1.  the  author tried to maintain a legitimacy to the life and behavior of  rabbits.  2.  there are constant departures from the original story where rabbits  tell fables of  El-ahrairah, a rabbit folk hero.  3.  a tightly wound story  with an eloquent ending.<br />if you enjoyed The Hobbit you might enjoy this  as well.  Watership Downs, much in the same manner of The Hobbit, creates  an alternate world to take readers to.  one with it's own rules, diction  and direction.
B00004S6GL|5.0|He made another album I want to listen to over and over...and I do!  Figure 8 is a great album.  Lots of instruments, interesting lyrics, great harmonies.  Very cool to hear what's he's done with a lot of songs he's  been playing accoustic at his live shows for the past few years.  Elliott  can do no wrong in my eyes, but I hear people have been saying this one  takes a few listens to get into.  I liked it right away.  Give it a spin!   You'll love it!
B00004ST9Q|4.0|As someone noted earlier, this DVD stops at the end of track 14. At first I thought my disc was damaged. I exchanged it and it still happens. I tried it on a Pioneer DV-C302D and on a Pioneer DV-626D, and it happens with  both. Since this is a dual layer disc, I guess that's when it changes  layers. You just have to press the next track button on your remote and it  continues. But still, I think this is unacceptable. They should test the  DVD before releasing it. Besides that, it is a very good DVD. The video and  audio are some of the best I've seen so far, and the extras are nice. They  even included a CD single (inside the box) with 3 different versions of the  song &quot;I learned from the best&quot;.
0553108034|5.0|I read his first book (A Game of Thrones) and was hooked!  This one is even better!  The plot keeps getting thicker.  If you like fantasy, you'll love this book.  But this is no light-hearted story, mind.  At times, it  feels that everything is going wrong.  The bad guys are winning and the  good guys are losing.  And then...it gets worse.  The book gets frustrating  at times like these.  More than once, I found myself saying &quot;No! Don't  die!&quot;<br />     The characters are done so well that you actually care  for what happens to them.  Even the villains!  Tyrion is my favorite  character.<br />     The battle scenes are very realistic, full of confusion  and chaos.  I especially loved the sea battle.<br />     Martin's first book  didn't have a lot of magic, but this one does.  Magic is still rare in the  world but its rarity makes it the more mysterious and interesting.<br />     I  can't wait for the next one!
B00004ST9Q|4.0|As someone noted earlier, this DVD stops at the end of track 14. At first I thought my disc was damaged. I exchanged it and it still happens. I tried it on a Pioneer DV-C302D and on a Pioneer DV-626D, and it happens with  both. Since this is a dual layer disc, I guess that's when it changes  layers. You just have to press the next track button on your remote and it  continues. But still, I think this is unacceptable. They should test the  DVD before releasing it. Besides that, it is a very good DVD. The video and  audio are some of the best I've seen so far, and the extras are nice. They  even included a CD single (inside the box) with 3 different versions of the  song &quot;I learned from the best&quot;.
B00000I3JM|5.0|A Walk Across The Rooftops combines a voice,lyrics and music into one of the finest first albums ever made. Paul Buchanan has a rare singing voice which is strong and melodic and capable of conveying a feeling to the  listener much the way Marvin Gaye's did at his best. The Blue Nile's first  album is a short one(about 45 min. playing time). The songs are not 'pop  tunes'-I suppose this is what music for grown-ups sounds like when it isn't  being made as a product. There is a depth to this work which makes it so  much more than a set of songs thrown onto a CD...I recommend this album to  anyone who appreciates the refined musicianship of a Joe Jackson or Dave  Mathews Band album. But listen to a singing voice that could sing pop  drivel and be incredibly successful at it,but instead gives as a rare gem  of an album which not enough people know about. Much of the music has a  slow jazz feel to it with a mix of R&amp;B and classical as well. This is  an album to have on that desert island we all think might be in our future  one day. This album will be one of your all-time favorites within days of  first playing it.
B000005GX7|5.0|Joe Henderson is probably not the first tenor sax player's name to pop to most people's lips when asked, but as this double album shows, more's the pity. What you get here is a pure, concentrated example of first-class sax  playing with two marvellously empathetic accompanists. Except to put it  that way makes it sound as if Ron Carter on bass and Al Carter on drums are  there just to back him up. Although the tenor sax is undoubtedly the lead  instrument the more you listen to this session the more you appreciate the  sharing of musical ideas between the three musicians. The music is what  counts to them. At times, where the music requires it, the drums just back  right out leaving only the tenor and bass weaving sinuous threads around  each other. It might sound crazy to say this is the drummer 'contributing'  to the music, but so often you hear small groups where the bass /  percussion / rhythm section seems hell-bent on playing on regardless of  whether it makes musical sense. I don't know how long these three had  played together prior to this recording but they certainly sound as if they  know exactly what's going on inside each other's heads. Don't worry if you  don't recognise many of the titles of the tracks. The inventiveness and  imagination displayed is incredible, and I suspect that even on those  tracks where you think you know the melody, the development will take you  off in directions you never thought of before. At times the bass will play  just a simple insistent 2 or 3 note riff and let the others improvise  around it for minutes at a time; at others times all three artists are  contributing strongly to the sound. This latter aspect is one of which I am  particularly fond : beacuse it is such a small group you can still  visualise all three musicians and appreciate the totality of the music they  are making. The recording of this live session is first class and the  atmosphere sounds as though it was quite intense. You can almost imagine  the audience perched on the edge of their seats watching and wondering they  way people do when seeing someone doing high-wire walking. Half of you  wants them to succeed magnificently, half of you gorishly wants to see them  fall. Well, there are certainly some wobbles here (hey, the guys are  human!) but the recoveries are just as breathtaking as you want. And, yes,  they do all make to the other end in one piece.  I first heard a track from  this ('Loose Change' on CD 1) on BBC Radio 3's (normally the straight-laced  classical station) 'Jazz Record Requests' programme and went straight out  the next day and purchased it. It's that good. Since then it has quickly  hoisted itself in to one of my all-time favourite jazz CDs. Go on, do  yourself a favour, you won't regret it.
0375501851|5.0|White Teeth is a tour de force. How does a 24-year-old know so much about the really big questions? Totally absorbing, with characters you gotta love-- not a victim in the bunch. Best book I have read in years.
1570429596|5.0|Highly Recommended Audio Tape.  The author had the unique circumstance of hearing money management opinions from 2 different viewpoints when growing up.  Good comparison of different money management philosophies.  Could  have been stronger explaining some of the more sophisticated aspects (but  understandably could not due to differences in individual's circumstances  &amp; state laws).  The audio tape was well worth the time &amp; money.
0399143904|3.0|I waited a long time for Clancy to releae his next novel after Executive Orders, and I'm afraid that Rainbow Six was a big let down.   <br /> The plot of the book centers around John Kelly aka John Clark - who prior to this  book is a complete badass in all of the other Clancy novels in which he  appears.  So, when I heard R6 would be centered around Clark, I thought it  was fantastic. <br /> Unfortunately, the book did not live up to my high  hopes.  Clancy is an accurate writer, and because he sets this book even  farther in the future than Executive Orders, he has to come to grips with  the aging (or at least, no longer youthful) Clark - and so Clark himself,  while certainly at the center of the plot, hardly deserves to be called a  main character as his role, while central, is also minor in terms of the  number of pages devoted to him and in terms of what he actually does in the  story.  Instead, the real main character is Ding Chavez, who is also a  great Clancy character but doesn't hold the mystery and auora that Clark  does. <br /> I also think the plotline that Clancy chose, that of Clark  starting an elite anti-terrorist group, limitted the story outside the  scope of what Clancy does best - set up, and then tell the tales of naval,  air and land battles - not the sneaky covert stuff that permeates this book  (in fairness, Kardinal of the Kremlin, which centers around exactly this,  was a killer book). <br /> Finally, the antagonist in this book hatches a plan  that is far too similar to the trials that confronted Jack Ryan in  Executive Orders - that of an attempted biological attack.  In fact, I  think to a large degree this problem has haunted Clancy since the Sum of  All Fears, where terrorists manage to nuke denver, to Debt of Honor, where  the Japanese threaten the US with nuclear weapons, to Executive Orders,  where Japan's cohorts in Debt of Honor show up with a new weapon of mass  destruction, germ warfare, and now this book, where the exact sameplot is  repeated again. <br /> To sum up my feelings on this book, I would suggest  checking out any of the aforementioned books by Clancy, or some of those  that I did not mention, before spending money on this.  If you're a die  hard Clancy fan, you'll probably want to buy this book and you should, but  for everyone else, its just not that good and probably not worth bothering  with.
0790729733|5.0|The first time I saw JFK - I found myself all tensed up...wondering what exactly was coming next.  I just loved this movie on VHS - but when DVD came out I just had to buy the Special Edition.  It's got 17 extra minutes  of footage not in the original.  Those extra minutes do add to the movie.    JFK is a fast-paced flick that will keep you going.  It will get you  thinking about the past &amp; about who knew what &amp; who did what.   Donald Sutherland as Mr. X brings in some insightful information - that  keeps you guessing. This is such an enjoyable movie.  It will take you on  such a ride.
B000002UB3|5.0|Best songs, best playing of the best band ever!
B000001ABD|4.0|It's good, but it doesn't have &quot;Isn't She Lovely&quot;
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Completely remembering their roots they went back to the studio and created a monster of an album.  They mix the old with the new and improving upon their use of synthizers have created a masterpiece.  Each time  listening BNW gets better and better.  This should easily go down as one of  Maidens best releases.  Brave New World should easily be recognized as the  Best Metal Album of 2000.  UP THE IRONS!   Metal is back.
B000020617|5.0|Dave Grohl and the Foo Fighters have done it again.  Another rock solid recording session.  This CD is as loud and in your face as the last efforts, but it slows down to melodic beauty at many points.  Its really a  trait learned from his Nirvana days, but executed much better I would say.   This CD is fantastic, check it out!
B00000K3G8|5.0|SMS, the album was good, but always lacking the spark that the missing songs were on the movie and video.  Finally, the wait is over.  This version of &quot;Cross-Eyed and Painless&quot; is a classic!
0684872153|2.0|Definitely overrated. I admit that it is readable,  but thae fact that this book was such a success in America is more indicative of Ireland's changing image in the States than of the book's quality. Ireland used to be  portrayed in a sugar-sentimental way in Hollywood movies; now the tide has  turned, and Ireland is supposed to be portrayed in a vicious, negativist  way. I do not question Mr McCourt's right to dislike Ireland, his emotions  are genuine and authentic. However, his unashamed admiration for America,  although probably an authentic description of the postcolonial Irish mind  in his youth, is not tempered by any kind of distance or irony, and makes  the end of the book look like a kind of American egoist-nationalist crank  pamphlet: Soviet-style disgusting propaganda, no literature. The  love-affair with the dying girl smacks more of errand-boy folklore than  experience, and as a pornographic story motif it is a well-worn  cliché.<br />It should not be inferred that this kind of harshly critical view  of Irish society is something new in literature about Ireland. This has  been done before, in Ireland, and in the Irish language (Breandán Ó  hEithir's Lig Sinn i gCathú, and Pádraig Ua Maoileoin's novels, for  instance).
B000001Y5J|5.0|this EP is for rock listeners and not for pop listeners.<br />Pinion- odd but it's good (instrumental)<br />Wish- rocks, short, very uniqe but simiple ina way sort of song. This is my favoratie song in the EP <br />Last- many reviewers say this song is the best song in the EP , i like the song, but i  dont see it as the best. What the ... this song is pretty good.<br />help me  im in hell- well you know its an instrumental its ok its  creptice(instrumental)<br />Happiness in slavery- very creptice filled with  yelling and screaming. it rock. (by the way in the music video some guy  gets kill in this chair, people think he actually got killed for real, NO  HE DIDNT) <br />Gave up- very cool and kicks major ... .<br />If you like this EP  get The fragile and Downward spiral album both very good.
0784010528|5.0|The people endlessly trashing this film are obviously biased against Mr. Stone, or the idea of their guru Jim Morrison being portrayed by someone else on celluloid.  I haven't read an objective review yet, which is pretty  sad, considering that this is a brilliant movie made by an extraordinary  filmmaker.  To quote James Woods reffering to Stone:  &quot;Oliver Stone is  now making films that show a subjective experience, that have no omniscient  point of view.  This guy is doing work that if it were by Orson Welles  would be hailed as genius.&quot;  I totally agree.  Stone angers a lot of  people with his risky style, and that's why his films take more heat than  most others.<br />The endless quivelling over this movie's accuracy is  downright insane!  First of all, why say &quot;If you want a true account  of the Doors, read Light My Fire by Ray Manzarek&quot;?  How can you trust  Mr. Manzarek as the definitive source for a Doors biography?  I'm sure  drugs have poisoned the memories of the entire group, and Manzarek is no  exception.  Do you people realize how involved the real-life individuals  were in the making of this biopic?  It's practically based on John  Densmore's book!  If they thought some major travesties were being  committed against the band, they wouldn't have let Stone go through with  them.  Pam Courson's family didn't let Stone portray their daughter as the  junkie she truly was.  Think about it.<br />If Morrison has no poetic side in  this film, I'd like to know why everything he said was an epiphany.  Face  it, this is a great film, and, although inaccurate, it's just a MOVIE, not  a documentary, and artistic liberties are taken with all biopics, no matter  who is at the helm.  You must admit that there are some truly brilliant  moments in this movie.  I didn't hate Morrison.  Kilmer did great, and  there should've been Oscar nods for him, as well as the *genius*  cinematography, etc.  To trash this film because it's  &quot;inaccurate&quot; ismere card stacking.
B00004STPT|5.0|thse music in context of the movie is truly hypnothic,  As i listen to it alone i imagine the immense loss and sorrow particulay lisa gerrads tracks, bring to me.  truly evocative.  Listen to it after you have seen the movie,  and carry its images into the music, truly wonderous.  Uplifting and  inspirational.
0790729733|5.0|Who did Oliver Stone make JFK for? Historians? He must have known that they would drag him through the mud for throwing in every popular conspiracy theory regarding the JFK assassination. He must have known they would scream about fabricated characters meant to represent an amalgam of  resources in the name of saving time. He must have known that he would be  railed for portraying Jim Garrison ( played by Kevin Costner ) as a white  knight of truth.<br />The fact is Oliver Stone didn't make JFK for historians.  He made JFK for non-historians of American history. At the time I saw JFK I  had read history, but only European history, and mostly the Middle Ages.  After JFK I read two books about the assassination and did a little  research on the internet. More importantly it lead me to reading books on  the Vietnam war, the cold war, the depression, the first world war and the  second world war. If JFK can get the jaded MTV crowd to get up off their  seat and read about history then JFK has done it's job. The argument has  been made that JFK teaches the wrong history. It is felt that our youth  will be harmed by believing that the movie is truth. In all honesty a  person who gets their history from films or the daily headlines is lost  anyway. The genius of Oliver Stones direction is to use Hollywood  pyrotechnics and a bitter time in our history to create desire in the  viewer - a desire to seek the truth. <br />...and what a film. <br />The great  director Martin Scorsese once said that he wasn't very original when it  came to the way he used his camera and the way he edited. He went on to say  that he had studied the masters and merely updated the means by which they  directed. Perhaps this is a humble oversimplification, but Scorsese, a  premier film historian should know. While some of the devices seen in JFK's  camera work and editing might have been used before, it has never been used  to such degree. Using stock footage, hand cranked cameras, black and  white/color jump cuts and overlapping audio techniques JFK creates a  dizzying cyclone effect (He would out-do himself in the same way, in the  great NIXON ).  I wasn't born when JFK was shot and killed, but I can  imagine that those days and the subsequent 10 or more years seemed like  wise - a dizzying cyclone effect. <br />I hope that JFK has found others  wanting to get up and look at history as a means of understanding our  future. It seems to me that the memory JFK deserves no less.
B0000024V2|5.0|I first listened to this on the record - all three sides. As I recall, the reason for the three sides was that they wanted the music to be as technically loud as possible, hence three sides. I don't know - I'm not a  recording engineer. But I do know this album is my favorite of all Johnny's  recordings, followed by &lt; Hey, Where's your Brother? &gt; Second Winter  is a must have for any Johnny Winter Aficianado...
B0000033TE|5.0|Dark, moody, magnificient. The term &quot;gothic&quot; comes to mind. However, if you're after the 90's guitar band definition of the term, you won't find it here. This one comes more from the contemporary classical  realm. Add some aggro synthesizer, a hammond smouldering at the seams, odd  time signatures and ELP's technical brilliance. Lyrics that range from  impassioned desire to satire to sci-fi that defies description, and this  album is pretty well the end result! Majestically &quot;over the top&quot;.  A sort of prog rock version of &quot;The Fifth Element&quot;(the movie,  that is). ELP definitely reached a pinnacle in their carreers with this  masterpiece.  The title, by the way, is an anagram for &quot;Brain  Surgeons' Salary&quot;...if you must know.  Ideal music for your next Barry  Manilow effigy burning party. O.K. time to go to bed, I know, I know.
B00004SPYK|4.0|American Gigolo is probably writer-director Paul Schrader's most memorable film. Richard Gere is perhaps too well cast as a strutting, smug hustler brought low by his egotism and blindness to the reality of his life. The  love story &quot;redemption&quot; centering around Lauren Hutton is pure  front-office placation. The real subject of the film is exactly the sexy  surfaces the story somewhat hypocritically pretends (but not too strongly)  to condemn. <br />In fact, the film's most memorable sequences are both  dedicated to hard-edged commodity glitter and have nothing to do with the  love story. In the opening credits, Gere shops on Rodeo Drive then drives  down Pacific Coast Highway. Deborah Harry loudly sings out to &quot;Call  Me&quot; in the background, Gere smirks in the sunny breezes behind the  wheel of his 450SL, while the camera lovingly caresses the bumpers and hub  caps. In the famous dressing scene, Gere throws one exquisite jacket, shirt  and tie after another on to his bed as he ponders the most effective  combination. Both scenes are wonderful evocations of svelte narcissism,  cheeky self-satisfaction made into an art.<br />To achieve these surfaces,  Schrader owes a deep debt to cinematographer John Bailey, fashion designer  Giorgio Armani and especially &quot;visual consultant&quot; (production  designer) Ferdinando Scarfiotti, who is probably chiefly responsible for  the film's famous &quot;European&quot; look. It also doesn't hurt that the  story is almost exclusively limited to the sleeker parts of LA and Southern  California-Beverly Hills, Westwood, Malibu, a side trip to Palm Springs,  with a touch of Hollywood grunge thrown in for some kicks and kink. It all  adds up to a creamy, pastel-tinged vision of LA as a show-biz Riviera,  where class and style don't come from centuries of breeding, but can be  purchased for the price of a designer shirt.<br />It is not too much of an  exaggeration to suggest that the unsympathetic, vacant charactersand  ludicrous plotting are there to wear the clothes. Intentionally or  otherwise, that hits at a truth about LA that makes the film stay in the  memory (particularly since life in the city has changed little since it was  made). It's not just the combination of the sleazy and the silky, the  cooled-out camerawork gazing alternately at rot and luxury, but the film's  realization that in LA, &quot;How much?&quot; is not just the beginning of  a financial transaction, but the only question of value people understand.
0783241569|5.0|When I first went to see &quot;Notting Hill&quot; in the theater, I knew I'd probably like it, but I didn't expect to love it as much as I did. And now that I have my own copy, I've rediscovered how much I love the whole  package -- the setting in London, the beautiful stars, the eccentric  characters, the quietly silly writing (which makes me laugh over and over  at the same lines). You fans of British television will recognize many of  your favorite stars here. That was fun, to remember where I'd seen each of  them before. The plot is totally escapist and sweetly romantic. But you  won't just root for a happy ending -- you'll want to visit his family and  friends again and again! No kidding -- I'd love a sequel, telling us what  happened to all of them.
B000001EXR|4.0|there are some killer vocal stylings on this album, original effects, great sounding heavy songs, stellar guitar work. Gene Simmons never sounded better, this CD will be playing in my stereo years from now.
6304119046|1.0|Frankly, those who rate this movie as one of the greatest of all time must have no appreciation of that facet of moviemaking known as &quot;plot&quot;.<br />What little plot is in this movie is laughable, and  ridiculously forced.  I don't remember seeing a movie with as obvious,  surface-deep, and tenuous a connection between the ostensible story and the  real story.<br />Why would anyone care so much about what &quot;Rosebud&quot;  means? Answer: They wouldn't.  It's a thinly-veiled, contrived, plot  device.<br />For example, the interviewer listens to one person tell a story  about Kane that has absolutely nothing to do with Rosebud.  He sits  uninterrupting, until the story is finished.  Finally, he stands up,  announces, &quot;You're no help! You know nothing of Rosebud!&quot;, and  marches off like a jerk.<br />In another scene, however, the interviewee tells  the interviewer up front that he knows nothing about Rosebud.  &quot;That's  OK, just tell me what you know about Kane&quot;.<br />Come on.  Those two  things taken together are so utterly ridiculous and transparent.<br />A lot of  people who argue that this is a great movie imply that those who disagree  are too shallow to see into its intricate depths.  Feh.  Its  &quot;depths&quot; are blatantly obvious - and its attempts at hiding them  are laughable.<br />The other argument that they use is that of masterful  cinematography, lighting, et cetera.  I won't debate any of that, but even  if Kane is the greatest movie of all time in those respects, the main  purpose of a movie is to tell a story; Kane fails miserably in that.
0790743507|5.0|I absolutly adore this film. It's most definetly one of my favorite musicals. It really is close to perfect. The musical numbers are woven seamlessly into the story line. And the numbers themselves are knock-outs.  Although the title dance scene is not my favorite, every time I watch it it  fills my with that MGM feeling. But my favorite is without a doubt  &quot;Moses Supposes&quot;. If you want to see Gene Kelly and Donald  O'Connor at their best, search no more! Your jaw will drop to the flore  while watching these guys give it all they've got. Real hoofers, those two.  Of course, Debbie Reynolds is adorable. Not that bad a dancer either. Isn't  she great in &quot;Good Morning&quot;. Oh my, what can I say about Jean  Hagen...WOW. Now that, my friends, is a performance! She's HILARIOUS!  I  would never ever imagine anyone else in that role but her. Jean Hagen was  born to play Lina Lamont just as Vivien Leigh was born to play Scarlett  O'Hara. She's fabulous. All I have to say is...             Thats  Entertainment! Don't wait another second, go buy it!
B000002540|5.0|The Blue Oyster Cult have always been a much underated and now sadly forgotten band.  But back in the 70's, they were as big as anybody in rock music.  Their blend of heavy music, musicianship, and slightly off-beat  subject matter made them truly unique among contemporaries such as Zep,  Sabbath, Purple, and AC/DC.  This recording captures the band just about to  explode onto the &quot;Arena Rock&quot; scene.<br />All the material from this  show came out before their most famous single &quot;Don't Fear the  Reaper&quot;.  So this showcases the bands early material including songs  from the much aclaimed &quot;Secret Treaties&quot; album.  &quot;Cities on  Flame&quot; is as powerful a song as anyone else recorded to that point.   &quot;Dominance and Submission&quot; is a great crowd participation song  that really shows the bands appeal to their fans.  &quot;Bucks Boogie&quot;  is an extended instrumental jam ala the Allman Brothers Band showing their  musical abilities.  &quot;Then Came the Last Days of May&quot; is a  beautiful slow blues number with a flair for odd subject matter.  The show  closes with a longtime favorite cover song, &quot;Born to Be  Wild&quot;.<br />All in all, an excellent representation of a great band  before they made it big.  Still one of my alltime favorite live albums  along with Deep Purple's &quot;Made in Japan&quot;, Uriah Heep's &quot;Live  in '73&quot;, and the ABB &quot;Live at the Filmore&quot;.  If you like  BOC, or have never heard them live, you owe it to yourself to get this cd.
0792842723|5.0|Goldeneye is one of the best movies ever. It has lots of action, romance, drama, and a great plot. I would definently recommend this movie for anyone. I would probably say it is the best Bond movie as well.
B00000DGSN|5.0|Rarely does an album so completely succeed that it becomes the benchmark by which all others are judged.  Even though it was released in 1972, it continues to impress and amaze listeners some 30 years hence.  <br />One of  the most important charactoristics of this album is the sound.  For a live  recording, the mix on this album is just about perfect.  Ritchie's guitar  pierces through the wall of sound like a knife's edge.  John Lord's hammond  is captured well from it teeth rattling lows to its distortion tinged  highs.  Roger's bass chuggs along and supplies the low end for Ritchie and  John to work.  And Ian Paice, long known as the fastest drummer in hard  rock hits with an authority rarely captured live.  <br />The show starts with  the legendary opening song, Highway Star.  A song with an excess of speed  and a tongue in cheek comparison between a hot rod and a woman.   &quot;Child in Time&quot; allows Ritchie and singer Ian Gillan to extend  themselves.  &quot;Smoke on the Water&quot; proves to be just as heavy now  as it was then.  &quot;The Mule&quot; allows drummer Ian Paice to  demonstrate his drumming skills with great speed and fluidity.   &quot;Strange Kind of Woman&quot; is the showcase for Ian Gillan's vocals  as he and Ritchie trade off lines in one of the classic moments of live  performances.  &quot;Lazy&quot; is the mostly instrumental workout for John  and Ritchie and shows the absolutely evilest sounds ever wrenched from an  hammond organ.  The set closes with a 20 minute cruise through hard rocks  outer space on &quot;Space Trucking&quot; incorperating elements of songs  from previous albums.<br />This mix has become &quot;sacred&quot; to Deep  Purple fans over the years.  This version doesn't change the sound at all,  just remasters from the best mixdown master tapes.  The included extra disc  contains songs from that live performance that hadn't been released to  complete the show.  This is the best live album ever recorded, and one  wouldbe hard pressed to find a better or more definitive live recording.   This recording is the Benchmark Standard!
0783225857|5.0|The film, truly an American classic and, for my money, one of the 10 best American films ever made, is splendidly rendered here with a mint-condition print. The DVD also offers a superb mix of additional features, most  especially the remarkable documentary on the film, &quot;Fearful  Symmetry,&quot; by Charles Kiselyak, and compelling yet unassuming  commentary by the director, Robert Mulligan, and the producer, the late  Alan J. Pakula. <br />Besides interviews with Mulligan and Pakula, the   documentary includes interviews with the actors who play the children, Mary  Badham as Scout and Phillip Alford as Jem, as well as with the screen  writer, Horton Foote, and the composer, Elmer Bernstein.  The documentary  also includes interviews with several residents of Monroeville, Ala., the  real Macon, to round out a sense of  &quot;Macon&quot; then and  now.<br />Among the revelations in the commentary is that production designer  Henry Bumstead (Vertigo) masterfully recreated the children's neighborhood  on the Universal backlot using houses that would have been demolished by  the construction of a freeway. The main titles, by Stephen Frankfurt, with  Bernstein's theme, manage brilliantly to capture not only the essense of  the film but an essence of childhood, about which both Harper Lee's  timeless only published novel and the film itself are very much about. Only  later do we discover the nature of that blend of innocence and experience  alluded to in the William Blake poem from which Kiselyak takes the title of  his documentary. <br />My only regret is that Harper Lee, though she helped  Kiselyak in producing the documetnary, declined to be interviewed for it.  In its stead, however, we have another evocation, that of Ms. Lee's voice  in the rich tone of nostalgia and reminiscence with which Kiselyak infuses  his own small but mighty masterpiece.
B00003CXDV|5.0|If you have ever been forced to sit and watch even one episode of Star Trek or the like, you can appreciate this movie!  It's funny because it is making fun of real people who get obsessed with this sort of thing!  Too  many viewers watch it with the wrong intentions.  Don't take it so  seriously and you will surely enjoy this fine flick!
6305014140|5.0|If you don't have this title your missing out on something. This is a definate must have for any anime collector. sure it seems like a long flick but it is well worth the viewing. Go ahead champ, go get cha one!
0316777722|1.0|Read three fourths of book and chunked it. I would be embaressed to give it away. Maybe 5 funny pages.
B00000JCOV|4.0|Hey dude, you may not be a mozart, but it sure does take a lot of skill to play hardcore metal like slipknot man.  This band is what Korn and Limp Bizkit tried to be man.  First off, to generate the deep bass tones that  slipknot makes, you must be playing a 7stringer or a sub sonic 5 stringer,  most likely slipknot are using 7stringers.  And they are playing at  EXTREMEMELY fast speeds, now playing a seven stringer is harder that a  normal guitar, but playing it as fast as they do now THAT  takes serious  skill man. Also the drummer in this band is awesome, he hits some serious  high speeds as in punk rawk.  Thats why this stuf sounds so awesome, its  the speed of punk rawk, mixed with the tones of hardcore metal.  Dont  forget the singing/screaming, it takes a lot of lung and skill to maintain  that volume.  Maybe you should give these guys more credit, after all  Mozart couldnt have done what slipknot has.
B000003S0F|4.0|I've read the previous 16 reviews of &quot;Islands&quot; here on Amazon, and, as an enduring fan of King Crimson since 1970, I support the feeling that this was the least liked KC album (aside from the live, underproduced  lps &quot;Earthbound&quot; and &quot;U.S.A.&quot;) until, perhaps  &quot;Three To A Perfect Pair&quot;.<br />&quot;Islands&quot; does not cohere;  it does not flow from track to track, that is, most listeners haven't  discerned a logical, or emotional or compositional sequence to the album,  and that's been frustrating to many.<br />If I was handed these 6 tracks and  told (as Absolute Producer) to order them, I might have begun with  &quot;Prelude: [duuhhh!] Song Of The Gulls&quot;, moved into &quot;Ladies  Of The Road&quot; (which fits in to the rest of the lp about as well as  &quot;21st Century Schizoid Man&quot; did in the premiere lp--which is to  say it didn't, in my opinion). Then, while we're still on the subject of  &quot;nasty women&quot;, made track 3 &quot;The Letter&quot;, with a sharp  end to &quot;Ladies Of The Road&quot; that cut right to the false  gentleness of &quot;The Letter&quot;. Now that the mundane has been chewed  and digested, I'd start &quot;Formentera Lady&quot; with a flute figure  (rather than the iddly-iddly cello) and move into the main lyric body much  sooner, and exit it sooner.  Although the siren-esque vocals are a  high-water (heh) mark in the latter third of this piece, they can't totally  save &quot;Formentera Lady&quot; from being forever known as a sax-noodley,  check-my-new-tinkly-percussion-danglies,  'Get-those-sound-levels-locked-NOW-buster' prelude to &quot;A Sailor's  Tale&quot;.<br />&quot;A Sailor's Tale&quot; was a unique piece of work. Fripp  (according to an interview I read in Circus magazine in 1971 with him),  re-strung his guitar so it played like a banjo. He changed his strings to  go through/over the holes and fretboard notches and get tightened by the  pegs of another string. He switchedthem around. The 6th  (lowest-tuned)string was threaded &amp; tightened where the 3rd string  usually went, but still tuned to it's tradition note value. That's how he  got that percussive guitar effect, and that specific strumming dissonance,  in the studio. He also had much of his solo recorded by a mike placed 'at  the back of the studio' (lots of air distance and instrumental/metal  deflectors between guitar amp and that point microphone!) For these  reasons, among others, the song has never sounded as edgy, crisp, or  un-earthly live. Too, on my intial U.S. pressing, when Fripp goes into his  clench wind-up just as Wallace shifts from slow reel-and-walk  drum-time-keeping to speed-tap, the Mellotron booms out like thunder, at  about twice the volume and double wavelength range as any other recording.  I felt like I'd been hit when I first heard it, hit and swept up into a  stormwind. No other recording of the song has been (apparently) been mixed  that way; I've bought several generations of  &quot;Islands&quot; to no  avail.<br />Emerging from the diminishing, &quot;I'll be back&quot; growl of  the basso mellotron at the end of the storm of &quot;A Sailor's Tale&quot;,  I would mix in the final and title track, &quot;Islands&quot;. I concur  with several other fans that this and &quot;Sailor's Tale&quot; are the  high points of the album, and are so anomalous in the King Crimson body of  work (like &quot;Cat Food&quot; and &quot;The Peacock's Tale&quot;) that  they stand alone, and very, VERY high.
B00003CX7L|5.0|I stayed away from the first TOY STORY, expecting a soul-less, calculated kids' movie with no heart.  WOW was I wrong!  I saw TOY STORY II first, and have since seen what I missed with the first one on video.  This movie,  like its predecessor, is quite simply MAGIC.  The feeling it gives you is  one you may have thought you outgrew -- much more than a kid's movie, this  is a movie with a sentimental heart for everyone.  The toys, their star  voices, the computerized-but-living-breathing animation are so well thought  out and imagined that you are swept up instantly into the simple story.   Highlights include the wonderful race through the toy store aisles,  complete with Barbies singing and dancing, and the surprisingly moving  Randy Newman song, which underscores Jessie's flashback.  Joan Cusack, Tim  Allen, Tom Hanks and virtually all of the other human voices are  exceptionally well-matched to their computer counterparts.  I loved this  movie, and recommend it especially to those who didn't believe, as I did  not, that the marriage of computer technology and animation could be this  electrifying and delightful and, well, REAL.
B000002U9W|5.0|I've been a Pink Floyd fan for years and track down all their obscure stuff just like every other fan. This album usually falls through the cracks when Pink Floyd's massive canon of work is reviewed. Too bad,  because this album is truly groundbreaking.<br />Listen to such magic as  Summer of 68, which uses some nice horn work. The title track is a  sprawling opus mixing classical, rock and funk with great effect. My  all-time favorite is Fat Old Sun, which just might be the best PF song  ever. The guitar track in this song is quite simply mindblowing. Even  better then Comfortably Numb, in my opinion. The album is rounded out by  the acoustic beauty of If and the fun Alan's Psychedelic Breakfast, which  has great percussion work by Nick Mason.<br />Any serious Floyd aficianado  already has this album, but budding fans need to pick it up. Besides, you  newbies have to give yourself a break from The Wall and Dark Side of the  Moon, anyway!
B0000247D1|3.0|Sorry but this one is not the best.  My favorite Bruckner 4th is Barenboim/Berlin Phil recording from Teldec(not Barenboim/Chicago Symphony from Deutsche Grammophone, which I have not heard), which is not available  at amazon. Jochum from DG (a part of 9 symphonies set)is old ADD recording,  but still better than this Wand recording, in my humble opinion.<br />The  problem of this CD is in that brass sounds harsh/shrieking at fortessiomo  sections. Perhaps those who have an expensive stereo set do not recognize  this problem.  Performance is not bad, but slightly unstable and not  exciting when compared to Barenboim.  I am not an expert at all, but at  least I love Bruckner works.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|While I don't pretend to be the biggest Iron Maiden fan in the world, they are still one of my favorite bands. As such, I was in no way disappointed by Brave New World. I'm genuinely glad that Bruce has returned to the band,  as his voice encapsulates the ineffable Maiden sound. Each song is  consistently impressive, although it took me a few rounds to be completely  hooked. Unlike previous albums, these songs seem to spend longer building  themselves up instead of reaching out and grabbing you immediately, but  this is fitting given some of the songs are quite lengthy (and I'm a big  fan of long songs). The guitar work is excellent, with clear, poignant  riffs and distinctively powerful solos, while songwriting is in top form.  Sometimes the lyrics are repeated a little too often, but this I can live  with. Not Maiden's best album, but definitley one of their better ones.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|If you had never heard this album, go to the music store and buy it! This is a very great album.  Bruce his as his best and the guitares work's is excellent!
B00000J6AG|5.0|I purchased the cd mainly for &quot;Natural Blues&quot; which immediately caught my attention on the radio, with its catchy rhythm and haunting vocals (later, I learned the vocals were sampled from an old blues record).  I wasn't expecting a whole lot from the rest- after all, I was a bit  dubious buying a cd from an artist whose acronym stands for &quot;Master Of  Beat Y'all&quot;.  I really wasn't  into the &quot;hip-hoppy-rappy-scratchy  record stuff&quot;,  but Moby has helped to build the bridge for me to do  this music cross-over.  He definitely has talent for piecing music  together, creating a wonderful sonic tapestry of urban, soul, ambient, and  techno with the right combinations of each for my musical tastes.  The old  blues and gospel sound sampling, though by no means a new technique, is  done with nice effect, enhancing and giving his music a certain visceral  quality without detracting from it.  I'm a progressive music fan with very  eccentric musical tastes, and this cd ranks pretty high in my collection.   I never would have imagined.
B00004T9UH|5.0|I just got this cd. It is funny. The beats are so incredibly ausome. The rap is good. Get it and you wont be dissapointed. EMINEM IS COOL!  PS: IT IS A GOOD CD IF U LIKE RAP! OR THE REAL SLIM SHADY. HE IS THE REAL SLIM  SHADY!
B000002L9O|4.0|A few songs on this album keep it from being aming their best, but there are so many great songs here that it's hard not to be impressed. &quot;Love Kills&quot; about Sid and Nancy Vicious, is one of the best songs on the  album, featuring a rare vocal performance by Dee Dee.
B00004T9UH|5.0|I just got this cd. It is funny. The beats are so incredibly ausome. The rap is good. Get it and you wont be dissapointed. EMINEM IS COOL!  PS: IT IS A GOOD CD IF U LIKE RAP! OR THE REAL SLIM SHADY. HE IS THE REAL SLIM  SHADY!
B000002C1W|2.0|Definitely Pink Floyd's worst album, the only songs worth listening to are &quot;Learning To Fly&quot; and &quot;On The Turning Away&quot;. &quot;One Slip&quot; was bearable as was the beginning of &quot;Sorrow&quot;, but in  general this album was garbage. Nothing but session musicians will you find  on most of the tracks here. After Waters left the band, PF should have just  broken up; this is junk.
B000000QFV|5.0|My advice to the Osbourne years fans is to listen to this masterpiece a little more before they pass judgement. Here are some straight facts about Tyr: This is clearly the first concept album Sabbath did. Tony Martin's  perormance is OUTSTANDING. The sonic 'alchemy' of this album is unique: The  overall effect is different than anything else Sabbath has done.  Consequently, it is inevitable that some Sabbath fans will love and some  will hate this CD. In my view, Tyr sets new standards for the heavy metal  of the 21st century. A progressive release, both uplifting and moody at  times, very atmospheric, which somehow recaptures the feeling of the first  Sabbath album. The songs can be roughly divided into three groups: The ones  that follow a tempo of their own, definately not a heave metal one. These  are the atmospheric instrumental 'The Battle of Tyr', the acoustic ballad  'Odin's Court', the electric ballad 'Feels Good to Me', and the  polythematic composition 'The Sabbath Stones', a rather sluggish and  chaotic song, which concludes with a fast hard rock theme. The other group  are the heavy, fast and powerful but still highly original songs 'Heaven in  Black', 'The Law Maker' and 'Valhalla'. And the third group is two unusual  songs, the folk influenced 'Jerusalem' and the anthemic 'Anno Mundi',  probably the best song of the album. The performance: Cozy Powell's  drumming is conservative but consistent, Tony delivers the usual  combination of fast and unhurried solos; Neil Murray's bass fills in, but  does not make a strong presence, perhaps because it has been mixed lower  than usual. I believe that it was intended to be that way, and, as a  result, it is Goeff Nicholls' exellent use of keyboards and Tony Martin's  vocals that shape the overall sound of Tyr. A diverse, artistic,  progressive, both dreamy and powerful, nicely produced heavy rock concept  album. Who could ask for more?
B000002LHT|2.0|While this album does have some decent tracks (Palisades Park, Merry Christmas) and contaons one of their best songs ever (Pet Sematary), on the whole, this is a forgettable album. This was the last album to feature Dee  Dee, their original bassist, after he decided to switch from punk to rap.  But this was really their worst album next to their previous release,  &quot;Halfway To Sanity&quot;. Save your cash.
0486281523|4.0|This is a great collection of puzzles from the Master Of It All.  However, the book is exactly what is says it is:  It is a collection of Martin Gardner's puzzles previously published in Scientific America.  That means  if you have followed Gardner's column over the years, you will have seen  many of these puzzles already.  And precisely because they're the  &quot;best,&quot; chances are you still remember them.  Of course my  favorite (a monk leaves his monastery and goes up the mountain...) is in  there, as are a number of other favorites.
B000002U9W|1.0|What exactly was this supposed to be?  I mean, the songs were all just dull, mostly instrumentals with no life to them. I know that Waters and Gilmore could have done better than this. I was sorely disappointed by this  album. Yuk!
B000005RHR|5.0|*The* classic Aphex Twin album, 'SAW' is a collection of floaty, mostly ambient / unusual dance / chill-out tracks (except for one distorted hardcore tune), recorded on primitive four-track equipment from 1985 to  1992. Despite the great age, Richard James was so isolated from  contemporary musical trends that it still sounds very modern, very alien  and timeless. Shorter and easier to get into than 'Vol 2' (you can listen  to this all the way through in one sitting comfortably), and more  consistently good than any of his solo albums, this makes a great  starting-point for your Aphex Twin collection.<br />It's worth looking for the  similar, slightly more polished 'Polygon Window' album as well.
B000005RS6|5.0|this disc captures the spirit of such a dynamic and wonderful band. their force is hard and driving. jon lord's keyboards have never sounded better. theres great material on this disc. its a home run
B000002L82|5.0|Despite being only their second album, this is a fully-formed set of indie dance tracks, cleverly combining New Order's distinctive indie jangle with stomping electro. Between the torpor of 'Movement' and 'Lies' Bernard  Sumner learned how to sing, and his voice - distinctive and vulnerable -  stands out from the crisply-produced music. As with everything up until  'Republic' the songs are about everything and nothing. If you're new to New  Order this is a good first album to get - listened to nowadays it actually  sounds less dated than 'Low-Life' or 'Brotherhood'. 'Technique' is worth  having as well - that was New Order's take on acid house, a genre they had  anticipated with this record. The original packaging was very New Order -  the front cover of the record was a picture of roses, with a multi-coloured  bar code as the only identification mark (it was the then-catalogue number,  in code). The original UK release didn't have Blue Monday on it - instead,  '586' is an early demo of that track.
6303614493|5.0|Casper is a very cute movie with great special effects. I am not a fan of Christina Ricci but she did a good job playing Kat. I am no longer a Devon Sawa fan but he looked so darn good as Casper at the very end. That's one  of the other reasons why I luv this movie, aside from it being very funny,  cute and Devon!  He's 21 now and he's lost his good looks. When Casper  was made in 1995, Devon was only 16. I know this movie has been out for 6  years and I still haven't bought it but I'm planning on buying it soon.  Casper is a great movie!
6305342768|5.0|Granted, The Black Hole is not as good as Star Wars or 2001. But it does not deserve it's reputation. It has good effects, tremendous photography, a good cast, and a likable robot. Yes Vincent looks kiddish. But, his size  and concept are convenient for a mission like The Black Hole's. Maybe if  they had changed the eyes he would have looked better. The best special  effects are towards the end when they cross the black hole.
B00000J7JO|5.0|Californication, is one of my best CD's I have and  I have a lot of CD's.  This album is amazing it has funk, mellow, and a mixture of the 2 in a few songs.  Flea is just great at the base and Kiedis has amazing vocals that  go perfectly with the music.  I can't  imagine anyone else singing those  songs the way he does .  The album is perfect in every way, the entire  album gives me goose bumps and this album really, really got me into the  peppers, they are the main reason I would like to become a musician.   Blood, Sugar, Sex, Magic is great and revolutionary, but this album beats  anything they have ever done and if you did not like the  songs you heard  on the radio, I am positive you will find some other songs on the CD that  will make you wet  your pants.  If you liked Dookie by Greenday, Enema of  the State by Blink 182, or any Nirvana CD's you will love this CD.
0140283587|4.0|misfortune has never been grosser or funnier. join dave the traveller as he enjoys a thoroughly rotten few months on the backpacker trails of india. don't expect to learn anything at all about india, or growing up, or  anything else. just expect three or four hours of british comedy writing at  its turn-of-the-millennium finest.
B000001F76|5.0|Country singer Kathy Mattea recently referred to Hank Williams as &quot;the first rock and roll star,&quot; adding that his music comforted her during a period of marital strife and family illness. An ironic  statement, considering that Williams wrote and sang some of music's most  fatalistic songs (included here on &quot;40 Greatest Hits&quot;), then  passed on months before Elvis first entered a recording studio.<br />But like  Ray Charles, Booker T. &amp; The MGs and other performers influenced by  gospel, country, and the blues, Hank Sr. used rock and roll's ingridients  and influences to create something more complex, adult and somber. Backed  by country's best and most famous band, the Driftin' Cowboys, Williams  created one of the most heartbroken figures in popular culture, with some  of its saddest songs (&quot;My Son Calls Another Man Daddy,&quot;  &quot;Your Cheatin' Heart,&quot; &quot;You Win Again&quot; &quot;I Can't  Help It.&quot;) Even in his cleverest, most upbeat songs, Hank still didn't  win the girl (&quot;Hey Good Lookin'&quot; was a proposition; &quot;Baby  We're Really In Love&quot; a supposition).<br />This album transcends  essential; it's the bedrock of what country music should sound like, what  stories it should tell, what it means to its audience. This is not only why  Williams' music is covered across country, pop, and alternative spheres  (everyone from Tony Bennett to The The has done it), but why his spirit  appears in any number of country hits (from David Allan Coe's &quot;The  Ride&quot; through Alan Jackson's &quot;Midnight in Montgomery&quot;).  Regardless of your feelings about country music, buy this essential CD and  be consoled.
B00004T8RK|3.0|this is by no means a great pearl jam album, but if you ignore the first three tracks which sound like some kind of improvised thrashing session they went through to warm up for the rest, binaural is at least pearl jam's  best in the last three or four. plenty of range, a few left field  interesting bits, good ballsy performances from vedder. by the way, is it  just me, or do pearl jam's always sound annoyingly like someone hitting a  bunch of garbage can lids?
0790743507|5.0|This movie bridges the beginning of cinema and its present: no movie had ever unmasked Hollywood's rites and reality without seeming acerbic and downright nasty (as &quot;Sunset Boulevard&quot; had been)... yet  &quot;Singin' In the Rain&quot; is sweet and nurturing in its critique of  Hollywood. The hand here doesn't strike at Hollywood: it strokes it. And  for those whose conception of musicals is ill-informed, thinking them all  quaint and harmless, there is plenty of spice here: the dance routines  suggest the influence they duly exert on current urban dance, and the  comedy is hysterically funny and surprisingly layered and sophisticated.  This movie is often called &quot;the musical for people who don't like  musicals&quot;, or the &quot;anti-musical&quot;... but some of the  &quot;musical inside the musical&quot; storylines make up the best of the  genre (see &quot;The Bandwagon&quot;). Just don't think of it as a  &quot;musical&quot;, think of it as a great movie which beats anything at  the CentroPlex.
B00002DEQQ|5.0|every song on this seventeen track wonder is a musical event in itself, highlighting not only tom jones's hugely impressive vocal gymnastics, but a lighter and more approachable side to a whole slew of talented artists -  from van morrison to the stereophonics. Tom Jones' son, who is also his  manager, has completely reinvented his father over the past few years. and  reload is the best proof yet that tom is just getting warmed up while  contemporaries like jagger &amp; co are beginning to dry up.
0345389409|5.0|Memnoch the Devil is my favorite of the Vampire Chronicles because it mixes religion and the supernatural very well. I have read it several times since I bought it the very first day it came out. I was enthralled with the  theories of creation et al., and I kept thinking to myself during the  initial read &quot;how much research did Rice have to do for this  one?&quot; I know that many Rice fans have said her writing is not what it  used to be, however I think they are not true fans. They were looking for a  quick fix and not allowing themselves to slip into Rice's world. I highly  recommend this book to lovers of the supernatural and religion.
6304119046|5.0|Probably the most unfortunate thing that ever happened to `Citizen Kane' was that it found itself atop the AFI top film list.  Now, no one can simply enjoy the film.  Everyone feels compelled to scrutinize it and make  a decision about its greatness.  Asking whether `Citizen Kane' is the best  film of the century is like asking if Marilyn Monroe was the most beautiful  woman.  It depends on whom you ask.<br />`Citizen Kane' is not the most  entertaining film I've ever seen, but it is certainly one of the most  important.  It is a vanguard motion picture and a gargantuan achievement  for Orson Welles.  If you consider the fact that Welles was a 24 year old  Hollywood outsider who had only done radio and theater when he landed the  contract for this film, you begin to appreciate what a big deal it was.   This was during a time when a few studios controlled every film that was  made. How many 24 year old actor/directors can you name today, even in a  world where independents abound?<br />The story is based on the life of  William Randolph Hearst.  Writer Herman Mankiewicz had an up-close look at  Hearst as he had been an occasional house guest at the Hearst mansion.  The  similarities were striking, right down to the paramour whose career Hearst  promoted, who loved to do jigsaw puzzles.  The fact that this film was  released at all is a marvel in itself.  Hearst went on a personal campaign  to crush the film and enlisted every powerful friend he had to stop it.   Louis B. Mayer offered RKO $800,000 to destroy the print.  John D.  Rockefeller ordered the Radio City premier cancelled.  All of Hearst's  newspapers were forbidden to mention the film.  <br />Hollywood was uniformly  against it and Welles was branded an insolent maverick.  The film was  snubbed by the Academy.  It was nominated for 9 Oscars and won only best  screenplay.  The film turned out to be a commercial failure, losing  $150,000.  With all the forces stacked against it, we are lucky to be  having this best film debate at all.<br />The story has a simple moral; that  money and power can't buy happiness.  We see Kane's progress from a happy  child, to an idealistic young journalist intent on helping the common man,  and finally to a bitter and angry old man whose innocence has slipped from  him.  One of the most effective scenes that illustrated this was the two  minute overlay of breakfast conversations with his wife.  It starts with  cooing lovers and progresses through increasing levels of discord.  It ends  in silence with the two reading separate newspapers, her disdain for him  subtly indicated by her choice of the hated Chronicle as her  newspaper.<br />What is so remarkable about this film is the filmmaking.   Director after director has pointed to some aspect of this film as having  influenced them.  The use of shadows and various perspective shots was not  unprecedented in 1941, but never before had they been used with so much  dramatic impact.  What was unprecedented was that `Citizen Kane' was the  first film ever to depart from the strict narrative format, which moves  forward chronologically.  The film starts at the end and jumps around in  time based upon the perspective of the person who is telling his or her  story about Kane.  So the next time you see a flashback, remember it  started here.  <br />The makeup was revolutionary.  Welles often went through  four hours or more of makeup to be properly aged for each scene.  The film  also launched a number of brilliant careers.  Besides Welles, Joseph Cotton  and Agnes Moorehead went on to long and prominent film careers.<br />If  `Citizen Kane' is not the best film of the century it is certainly one of  them.  Its influence on a generation of filmmakers cannot be ignored in the  equation.  People who watch this film and ask, \\"What's the big deal?\\" are  comparing it with modern films that have borrowed from this film's  techniques and undergone 60 years of evolution.  It's like going back to  Kitty Hawk and saying, \\"What's the big deal, the flight only lasted a few  seconds.\\"<br />There is only one rating to give to a film of such monumental  importance.  It is the consummate 10.
B00004THDI|5.0|This music is one of the most effectual soundtracks I have ever heard.  As you watch this wonderful movie, the music so consistantly matches what you are seeing.  Sets the mood for every scene.  As you listen to the  soundtrack by itself, it brings the movie back.  It is beautiful to listen  to on it's on merit.
0446310786|5.0|To Kill a Mockingbird was a very enjoyable book.  Harper Lee created a phenomenal page turner.  It is hard to believe, however, that she wrote it over 40 years ago.  The novel's pacing, character development, and social  messages seem to have come from a background of thriller novels, action  movies, and cable television.  This is a tribute to the skills of Harper  Lee. <br />The way the characters are introduced and woven into the storyline  was exhilarating.  The rarely seen Boo Radley, for example, is one of the  most important characters, even though he does not appear until the last  chapters of the book.  The author makes him a presence early on, through  the children's imaginations.  Boo remains in the reader's imagination from  that point. <br />The trial scenes stuck out the most as being a memorable  part of the book.  The detail that Harper Lee used placed you in the  balcony with Jem, Scout, and the Reverend Sykes.  It made you feel like you  were right there, hoping the jury would correctly decide Tom Robinson's  fate.  The description of it all was even somewhat informational. <br />There  is no one particular audience or age group for To Kill A Mockingbird.  It  is a great book for everyone who is old enough to read and understand it.   It is a classic novel that interests, excites, informs, and inspires its  readers.
B00004T8RK|4.0|This is an enjoyable album which I recommend.  It is better than 90% of music I have purchased in the last year.  That said, I must also say in all honesty that I feel that while the album has a lot going for it, it falls  short of what I feel Pearl Jam are capable of delivering.  The albums  speaks in many voices/styles and therefore seems to lack coherence as a  total work. I attribute this to the band's collaborative efforts, which I  feel will truly bear fruit down the road for the band and its fans.  The  best tracks on the album (&quot;Nothing As it Seems&quot; and &quot;Of the  Girl&quot;) are written by Jeff Ament and Stone Gossard, respectively.   Vedder's lyrics, as always, are sterling; however, musically his songs seem  to fall short this time out, striking me as being either overly  conventional or too &quot;unstructured,&quot; with little falling between.   The unorthodox &quot;Soon Forget,&quot; however, qualifies as one of the  album's gems.    All in all, a solid album and well worth adding to any  music collection.
6304406096|2.0|Why Sean? Why? You were the definitive Bond. Your wooden performance in a bad James Bond movie, You Only Live Twice, was still enough to cause it to outgross 3 to 1 a good James Bond movie, On Her Majesty's Secret Service.  Your farewell to the Bond series, the runaway hit Diamonds Are Forever,  showed that you could play a different, campy, self deprecating Bond in a  comic book adventure and still make it believable. In fact it proved that  you could do it better than Roger Moore, whose first two efforts, while  directed in the same style as DAF, are just plain lame by comparison and  almost put the series into permanent exile. In fact, it wasn't until  Moore's films were given a bigger budget and he less to say, that his  movies came close to generating the excitement of yours. That said, you  really let us all down when you made this stinker. Why? You had nothing to  prove and lots to lose. Well, you lost. Moore's competing effort,  Octopussy, was just flat out better in all aspects. Fortunately, Moore  showed his true colors in his final 007 flick, A View To A Kill, which  managed to combine the worst aspects of both his lame outings and his  cartoonish ones. Okay, now for a few details about Never Say Never Again  itself.  Connery does bring his inimitable screen presence here, as the man  immediately makes any movie, no matter how much of a mess it may be,  watchable. However, because of well known external factors attributable to  this not being a UA/EON production, nothing, including Connery's portrayal,  seems particularly Bond-like even though this is a remake of a previous  Bond film which starred Connery! Here, the Largo (not imposing enough) and  Domino (not as exotic) characters are inferior to the originals and  although the Fatima Blush character generates excitement isn't she just a  more over-the-top (and therefore less believable) version of Fiona Volpe?   And don't even get me started on that horrid score. The movie is too long  and while I don't mind a Bond movie with more dialogue than action (From  Russia With Love and DAF both fit in that category, but are among my  favorites), when the action does appear it just doesn't seem all that  exciting or credible. That fight with the henchman at Shrublands was just  plain silly and the whole climax of the film was boring. It felt like the  characters did all this talking for nothing. All these factors add up to  this Bond movie being put into the &quot;Avoid&quot; pile, along with The  Man With The Golden Gun, Moonraker and A View To A Kill. Poor Sean, you  should have left well enough alone. If it makes any difference, I'll always  think of your final Bond scene as hugging Jill St. John aboard the QEII  rather than winking at the camera while in the swimming pool with Kim  Bassinger.
6302256615|4.0|I'll see a movie repeatedly if I like it, and this one's the winner for times viewed. It's fun, it's beautiful, and the surfing and skydiving scenes are extraordinary. Keanu Reeves is fabulous in it (his first action  film), and he looks like a god that's come down from Mt.Olympus to give us  ladies a glimpse of the real deal. This bank heist caper shouldn't be taken  too seriously...just relax and enjoy it..over and over again ! And for  Keanu collectors, it should be one of the first on your list to own !
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Obviously nobody knows what the hell they are talking about. I believe that jennifer lopez is a true entertainer and that anyone who tries to bring her down doesnt know anything about the entertainment business,and is  just plain jelous.  The album is great, many of the songs including sould  of never have a deep meaning and soul to it, there songs that many people  can relate to in life, plus there's also the songs like, Lets get loud, and  open to my love, wich have a latin sound to it wich makes you want to  dance.  Jennifer is a great model/actres/singer ENTERTAINER!, and others  need to stop talking down on her because obviously they dont have the  talent that she has.
B00003CX7L|5.0|Toy Story was amazing. CGI had never looked so good,and the humor was great, both children and adults could enjoy this movie. In this movie, Woody is kidnapped by an evil toy collector voiced by the-always-evil Wayne  Knight. Woody discovers not only his roots, but also the true meaning of  family. A lot of people like the yodeling Jessie voiced by Joan Cusack, but  I'd have to say that the best scenes involve Tim Allen and his duels with  his nemesis Zurg. Pop culture references allow adults to get some jokes  that kids might miss, but the kids will have a blast watching this animated  adventure. This movie is more plot-oriented than the first--which kids will  love--and is hence more fun.
B00000DC7J|5.0|Here is a perfect recording of a master tango composer, at the top of his game, playing select masterpieces. There is nothing greater than this! Piazzola himself said in the liner notes that this is how he wanted to be  remembered. Listening to it, it is as if he were saying to generations to  come: &quot;This is what I have done with my life.&quot; And I feel that  the reply would naturally be, &quot;For this you will never be  forgotten.&quot;
6305807086|4.0|&quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; is, indeed, an original film; an aspect  of films that can sometimes hurt them greatly. Many films have been made  that have been credited as original, and they have turned out to be simply  obtuse and offputting to their audience. But &quot;Being John  Malkovich&quot; allows its audience to wallow in its creativity.  &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; is the kind of film you watch with a  cocked eyebrow the whole time, in which you find yourself enjoying the film  but you're not quite sure why. <br />The movie tells the story of a failing  puppeteer (John Cusack, who plays his role with such wit and genius that  you find yourself not even realizing he's there) who gets a job at a filing  company to pay the bills for him and his mop-top wife (Cameron Diaz,  unrecognizable and wonderful). There he finds a portal into the mind of  actor, John Malkovich. He then, along with his partner whom he has fallen  in love with (Catherine Keener, who you'll love to hate) starts a business,  selling trips to the subconcious of Malkovich to people having identity  crises. <br />Although the movie has its flaws (sometimes it's TOO odd for its  own good, and it doesn't have nearly enough laughs in it to be labled a  comedy) &quot;Being John Malkovich&quot; is so creative and is full of so  many witty ironies, that those flaws don't matter. You will love  &quot;Being John Malkovich.&quot; Finally, a review for this movie wouldn't  be complete without mentioning John Malkovich, who appears as himself in  the movie. You can tell he enjoyed mocking himself while watching the  movie, and while the mocking is cute and clever, the makers of this film do  it subtly and don't overplay it, so to make it more than just a shameless  plug for John Malkovich. A fantastic movie all in all.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|After the junkies fulled with fillers &quot;NO PRAYER FOR THE DYING&quot;, &quot;FEAR OF THE DARK&quot;, &quot;X-FACTOR&quot; and &quot;VIRTUAL ELEVEN&quot;, Maiden tried bravely to come back to their best phase. Pay  attention to the fact that, of the record I mentioned above, singer  Dickinson featured in two of them. The real missing factor was always  Adrian Smith. In this CD, the band rocks, although there are the usual  horrible Janick Gers solos, full of ugliness and lack of technique. The  lyrics are more historical than ever, totally apolitical, just delivering  the goods ! Dickinson just continues his amazing increase in vocal perform  (already shown in his solo albuns &quot;ACCIDENT OF BIRTH &quot; and  &quot;THE CHEMICAL WEDDING&quot; ) The general effect is a solid metal  album.
B00004T0P1|5.0|This soundtrack is so extremely moving, so extremely action packed, and so extremely fun to listen to that it's hard to believe it's from Disney.  But it's not from Disney.  It's from music talent James Newton Howard.  This is  the first time I have heard his music, and it is AWESOME.  Tracks 2, 4, 5,  7, 8 and 16 pack the best punch.  This has everything from catchy tunes  (&quot;The Courtship&quot;) from soaring triumphant themes (&quot;The Egg  Travels&quot;).  I have not seen anything like this for a long time.  This  soundtrack is worth every penny.
6305807086|4.0|This DVD includes a short little documentary about how John Malkovich has recently changed careers in favor of puppetry, in particular the art of marionettes. My partner and I started by watching this feature first, and  suddenly we were looking at each other and thinking, \\"Wait a minute! This  is some kind of JOKE, right?\\" Then we watched the featured film, \\"Being  John Malkovich,\\" and by the end of the film the whole concept had become  clear.<br /> WARNING: If you watch this film under the influence of  psychotropic substances, you may find yourself twitching uncontrollably.  This movie, particularly the first half, can mess with your mind in a major  way. Some of the dialogue is simply TOO WEIRD, almost Firesign Theatre-like  in its use of non-sequiturs. The concept of being able to slide down a  physical portal to take up residence for 15 minutes behind the eyes of John  Malkovich makes the viewer wonder if this movie is some kind of allegory ...  but ultimately it boils down to a supernatural fantasy similar in some  respects to \\"All of Me\\" (Steve Martin, Lily Tomlin).<br /> You have to  give John Malkovich credit for allowing the makers of this film to use his  career as a real-life actor as a springboard for this very clever and  imaginative exercise in metaphysical weirdness.
B00004SCX6|1.0|I heard the album at my friends house.  As a rolling stones fan, I was disgusted by the way she butchered &quot;Satisfaction.&quot;  I am a 15 year old girl and I am extremely insulted by the idea that people think  that girls only like teen pop.  It is meaningless.  Listen to Bob Dylan or  Jimi Hendrix instead.
B000002L7Y|5.0|its very hard for me to show my feeling about this group and this album,I remember my city:Shiraz and and my old friends and the street which I have spent lots of time.A-HA is always a hero for me even they couldnt continue  very well after their third CD,their sounds are not so happy but it is warm  and confident.
6305807043|5.0|This movie takes you into the head of John Malkovich, literally. It was such a surprise at how intrigued I was by this movie. I rated it 5 stars because it was absolutely amazing. I just watched it last night and have  already recommended it to everyone I know. This is not your typical movie,  the plot is not weird, but &quot;different&quot; I can't say enough about  this movie. Buy it, you won't be disapointed.
B00004SCX6|3.0|I really wanted to give this a 3 1/2 but I can't. When I first bought this CD I was expecting a really great CD. When I got it, I was pretty disappointed, but some of the songs were good and catchy. When I started  listening to the CD, I found the songs were quite good (even though most of  the songs have background music from her first CD), but after a week I  started to get bored with the songs. If you're a TRUELY DEVOTE BRITNEY FAN  then you should buy this. If your not you may want to think twice before  buying this CD. When you first start listening to it, the songs are quite  catchy. After a week or so of listening to the songs though, you'll be  quite bored with the songs. Now I kinda regret buying this CD. The life of  this CD is quite short.
0688152023|5.0|I have been doing the exercises in this book every day for about 6 weeks, and have already noticed a big difference. I am more flexible, my muscles are more firm (especially my theighs), and I have noticed a tremendous  difference in my posture and the way I carry myself. Even if you are not a  dancer, this book can still help you to firm your muscles and improve  posture. If you are a dancer, you will get even bigger gains. This is an  all-around wonderful book. All the exercises are photographed to show you  what they look like, and the directions are very clear and easy to follow.
0316286850|4.0|I bought this book to use as a reference - and it's proven to be a very good one. I am a Computer Animator and Artist by profession, and I use the information in the book when painting texture maps for characters.<br />The  book is well laid out, and there are clear step-by-step instructions on how  to acheive certain &quot;looks.&quot;  There isn't any in-depth discussion  of color in the traditional sense, and I believe this is because Mr.Aucoin  believes in experimentation - that there are no hard and fast rules when it  comes to makeup (which makes sense).  The book has a lot of &quot;before  and after&quot; images (which can be almost frightening in the level of  transformations accomplished by Mr.Aucoin - i.e. from &quot;plain&quot; to  simply &quot;stunning&quot; - fellas, be sure to get that girl into a pool  at some point...;).  The book has a very personable feel to it, and it's  obvious that Mr.Aucoin truly likes people and helping them feel good about  themselves - and he is obviously *very* good at it.<br />The only thing I wish  the book had that it doesn't would be some hi-res, evenly lit  before-and-after portraits of the subjects (along with the dramatically lit  ones).  That would have easily made this a 5-star book to me.<br />All-in-all,  an outstanding book.
B00004TH83|5.0|Lara a enfin russi son pari. C'est une jeune femme qui  travaill toute sa vie pour y arriver. Pour elle, sa russite, c'est de russir aux Etats-Unis. Et bien, on peut dire que cet album en est la meilleurs preuve.  Il est  son image, fort et sensible  la fois...A dcouvrir sans attendre.
0385484518|4.0|I think the book \\" Tuesdays with Morrie\\" was a very moving and compassionate story. I loved the way Morrie viewed life and his attitude toward things. He lived his life to the fullest. He didn't care what kind  of condition he was in. He wanted to make the best of it. He said, \\"...once  you learn how to die, you learn how to live.\\" I never had to experience a  near by death or death in the family, thank God. So it made me understand  the whole idea of losing somebody close to you. This book opened my eyes to  death. I recommend people to read this book, especially if you never had a  near by death experience in your life. It will give you an idea of how  serious it is.
6305903182|5.0|The firt Scream was historical, it gave life to horror movies. The sequal was good but not as good as the first. But when I saw this movie at theaters .... Man this was a great ending. Again, i't isn't quite as good  as the first but, much better than the second.  Defenitly one movie for  your collection.
B00000K31Q|5.0|This is a great movie. A very modern, teen-based Taming of the Shrew. With a hot cast including Julia Stiles, Heath Ledger and Larissa Oleynik, this movie is great. It's smart, hip, and funny, and sets a new standard for all  teen movies to come!  A true modern classic, with great school, party and  dance scenes.
B00000I07R|5.0|In the early/mid eighties, a band called Bon Jovi was born. Granted, they did not become a huge commercially successfull rock n' roll powerhouse until their third album, &quot;Slippery When Wet&quot;, but these guys have  always had talent. As a loyal fan of Bon Jovi, I am correspondingly a huge  fan of every record they have ever produced, including 1995's opus  &quot;These Days&quot;, which for some reason has been bashed by certain so  called Jovi followers since the day it was released. As good as that record  was, and as good as all of Jon and company's pre-80's pop rock melodies  were, none of them can stand up to the wall of musical supremecy which is  manifested deeply in 1992's &quot;Keep The Faith&quot;.Now many of the  reviews below this concentrate on naming the melodic epic &quot;Dry  County&quot; as the best track on KEEP THE FAITH. I have to disagree. Not  to take a single thing away from &quot;Dry County&quot; - it is great - but  to me it captures only the blunt sense of maturity which was catalyzed by  the attitide adjustments needed by bands like Bon Jovi when their brand of  music was tossed away by great numbers of listeners when the grunge scene  opened. And while Jon sings of an un-ordinary rock theme and Richie lets  loose one of his finest guitar solos to date, the song lacks in overall  Jovi-ness... not to say that a band must always stay the same and never  institute musical evoltion - if that were the case this album would never  have been released - but it just doesn't fit into what could be called the  Bon Jovi scheme of things. Again, this IS a great song, but the above  commens are just my justifications of why I don't think &quot;Dry  County&quot; is the best song on the record.Conversely, not to sound like I  am jumping on the early 90's rock n' roll Top 40 Bandwagon, but in my eyes,  you will not find a better song on this album than &quot;Bed of  Roses&quot;. Not only is this the best cut on KTF, but it is without a  doubt the single greatest power ballad in rock culture history. Just turn  this song up really loud, clear your mind, and focus on the completeness of  this beauty. The piano, as subtle of a part as it may play, is an integral  piece of &quot;Bed of Roses&quot;, as are Richie's powerful solo (I can't  help but picture him atop that mountain like he is in the vid), and of  course, Jon's vocals, which soar high above any other song he has ever  recorded (the chrorus, listen to the chorus). As an aside, this song  contains my all time favorite lyric, &quot;...some blonde gave me  nightmares, think that she's still in my bed / as I dream about movies they  won't make of me when I'm dead&quot;. Again, this is bar none, by far, and  definately the greatest rock ballad I have ever heard, and if for some  reason you do not yet own this album, it would be worth buying solely for  this song.Of course, there are the other mentionables that everyone else  talks about, the hit singles, the songs like &quot;Keep the Faith&quot; and  &quot;In These Arms&quot; which yes, are great, but yes, also mentioned in  every other review on this page. It goes without saying that they are rock  n' roll nuggets, so I will take the time to talk about two different songs,  underrated and overlooked songs which deserve their props as well. One is  &quot;If I Was Your Mother&quot;, a hard rocking, musical tale of  perversion with an infectious melody and a very rythmic chorus. It tells  the story of  a man (Jon, for all intents and purposes) who means nothing  to a certain girl of his desires, and he wails away this song telling her  how he would even go as far as wanting to be her mother, someone who she  can count on and trust, someone who  can &quot;tuck her in&quot; and  &quot;kiss her sweet goodnight&quot;, someone whom she can love back.  Pretty deep and thought provoking, if you ask me. Lastly, I want to talk  about the closing track on this album, &quot;Little Bit of Soul&quot;. Now  I admit, this songhas nothing on many of the others found on KTF, but just  give it a chance. I can see Jon and Richie sitting outside on a warm night,  jamming away at this gem, smiling to no ends and maybe not even  understanding just how GREAT this song actually sounds. The lyrics are a  clash between the worlds of positive feelings and negative mentalities,  with the optimistic side ultimately conquering its pessimistic counterpart.  But that is irrelevant. Just LISTEN to this song, and if it doesn't grab  you the first time, shelf it for a week and then come back to it. Learn to  like it. Cuz it is overlooked to extreme degrees.There are twelve tracks on  KEEP THE FAITH, and only two that I don't care for (cuts 8 and 9,  &quot;Woman in Love&quot; and &quot;Fear&quot;, respectively). That's  pretty good, people. And I am not much different than anyone else who is  into this certain brand of addicting melodies and timeless rock that only  Bon Jovi can give us. At least, I imagine that I am not much different.  After all, if you weren't interested in these Jersey boys to begin with,  you wouldn't be here scouting the opinions of their fans. To me, that says  that you ARE into this band. And then I feel safe in saying take my word  for it. This is one record that no modern rock n' roll fan, let alone BON  JOVI fan, should be without.
0393038912|5.0|I thought that since the ideas of the book were so good, it didn't matter that they were written in a fairly repetetive manner. After reading some of the negative reviews I realize that for many people that read the book, the  poor writing style disabled them from UNDERSTANDING the content. Dont let  the unintelligent criticism below scare you, most of them are just proof  that they didn't not really understand what the book was about.<br />Although  you will read an idea several times in this 400+page book (which could  easily be reduced to 250'ish) it will nevertheless be an elightening,  intersting and revealing idea.<br />Definately a must read (and based on the  negative criticism I would say a definate carefull read).<br />Buy it now!
0140277447|3.0|This book is almost true.but why her sight is narrow.she think only their country.my country was more people killed by japanese army.And many russians also die in japanese laboratory.Japanese war crime is not only  chinese sorrowful situation.
B00004T0P1|5.0|Long after the weak script and not-too-revolutionary visuals of Disney's &quot;Dinosaur&quot; have vanished from your memory, one item remains--James Newton Howard's wonderful score.  Even from the opening  sequence, I was hooked by Howard's simple yet incredibly moving score (and  was not disappointed one bit as the movie finished).  &quot;Inner  Sanctum/The Nesting Grounds&quot; and &quot;The Egg Travels,&quot; not to  mention &quot;Raptors/Stand Together&quot; and &quot;Across the  Desert,&quot; are some of the best tracks on the disc.  I thought after  Howard's haunting &quot;Sixth Sense&quot; and incredibly moving &quot;Snow  Falling On Cedars&quot; scores, he could not possibly top himself.  Well,  he hasn't...but &quot;Dinosaur&quot; is just as equally moving and  beautiful to listen to as his some of his best work.  And his teaming with  Lebo M (&quot;The Courtship&quot; is oozing with M's African-inspired  touch) makes it all that more effective.  Despite it's eerie similarities  to numerous John Williams' scores (namely &quot;Star Wars: Episode 1&quot;,  &quot;Jaws&quot;, and quite ironically, &quot;Jurassic Park&quot;),  &quot;Dinosaur&quot; still manages to offer something that is a must for  all scores--it can stand on its own apart from the film.  I listen to the  music and am reminded of the sequences and scenes of &quot;Dinosaur,&quot;  but it's not necessary to have seen the film to be moved by Howard's  gorgeous music.  He's just that good of a composer.  Buy this CD--you will  love it.
0790743132|5.0|I always heard that this film was great. So I thought that I would find out! After viewing this film people where right! It's great! Humphrey Bogart gave his best performance ever! The supporting cast was just down  right great. The film does in a very smart way flash back to Paris from  time to time and I thought that for once this was done well. Usually they  don't need to be in there and they are done badly. Not in Casablanca! Just  a note to some other people that it was released in 1943. Just look at the  cover. A great acted, directed and scripted film. Among the best ever made!  Grade:A
B000000FG8|4.0|Operation Ivy was a great band, I love a lot of their stuff but some of their stuff isn't that great. They do have very good lyrics and a good message. But some songs are so fast and Jesse sings so fast that it doesn't  even carry a melody, and is difficult to enjoy listening to, making some of  the songs sound fairly similar even though they both have completely  different and meaningful lyrics. The reason it gets four stars is because I  don't like a few songs on the cd, but most of it is damn good. I especially  like &quot;Sound System&quot;, &quot;Jaded&quot;, &quot;Take Warning&quot;,  &quot;The Crowd&quot;, &quot;Bad Town&quot; and &quot;Freeze Up&quot;.
6301208773|5.0|Best cop movie ever (other than Bullitt). This film put Bruce Willis on the spot. His performance did not seem made up, but as a real guy in a bad place. Alan Rickman played a great badguy and Bonnie Bedelia played a smart  part as Willis's wife stuck with the other hostages. A great and believable  film with a down right great director (John McTiernan) this film is all the  goods. Great sound, music score and visual effects! Also superb action!  Grade:A-
0812548094|3.0|After having read all of Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time series to date, I saw way too many parallels in here for my tastes.  This might be the weakest of the four books of the series that I have read.  Still Goodkind  is a solid writer that keeps things moving along, and the main characters  are enjoyable.
0767849493|5.0|When it was done, I was just taken aback, and I could just blankly stare at the screen and proclaim, &quot;That was a really, really, really, really good movie.&quot; I don't recall the last time a movie actually affected me  such. Usually, I can just nonchalantly say, &quot;Yeah, that was a really  good movie,&quot; but *Dogma* was just something amazing.<br />The movie is  hilarious. You will audibly laugh many times. It's a great, witty,  intelligent satire of Catholicism, the Catholic church, and the Bible, and  NO, those aren't all the same thing. It skillfully tackles issues of faith  and belief systems. It's irreverent yet reverent. It's not only  entertaining, but it even has that character development stuff critics  always like. And the actors are perfect for their parts, and play them  well. Plus, the font is cool. You will not walk away from this movie  thinking the same way about things that you thought about them before. It  earns my highly coveted Gold Star Seal of Approval. See it now. Or see it  again. Just see it.
1573225517|4.0|This is one of the few books that made me laugh out loud as I read it.<br />The novel tells the story of Rob Fleming, a pop music fanatic and record store owner who is having all kinds of trouble having an adult  relationship.  Witty and fast-paced, High Fidelity is a fun book and very  worthwhile!
B0000025VU|3.0|The album is decent as far as general music goes, however compared to Dylan's earlier music (and indeed some later works) it rearly doesn't make the grade in terms of lyrical supremacy and, of course, pleasure to the  ear... and I'm a really really big Dylan fan. There are some fantastic  tracks that stand out above the rest, the top three being 'Jokerman,'  'Licence to Kill' and 'Don't fall apart on me tonight.' Although these  songs stray away from the complexity of Dylan's lyricism and, at worst, are  obvious in their message (something that Dylan did not used to do), they  still stand upon their own merit as very good songs, and the album should  be purchased for them alone if you are a Dylan fan who has not heard them.  'Sweetheart like you' is a track that I feel I like because it has some  good lyrics and sounds really good, but it's not top notch. 'Neighbourhood  Bully' and 'Union Sundown' are the worst tracks on the album. However, I  don't think that any Dylan song is really bad, because he always had a  reason for writing it and that interests me in the work because I'm  ineterested in the man himself as well as his music. These tracks simply  fall short of expectation and are not very asthetically pleasing. 'Man of  peace' is interesting cos I feel that he's talking about himself but I  haven't really taken to the song very well, and it isn't one of his best.  Overall, I'm gald I've got the album and wouldn't be without it. Compared  to other music in Dylan's category it would rate higher than the score I've  given it here, but I compare it to his own work...
068484267X|5.0|I avoided the clamour when this book was on the best seller list and I especially avoided the movie when it came out.  For one, best sellers are not something I typically rush out to read, but also the last thing I was  interested in hearing about was yet another woeful &quot;poor me&quot;  story about somebody's awful life.  However, while wasting time in a  bookstore one day I saw the book, read the first page, &quot;...But worst  of all we were wet.&quot; and was (almost begrudgingly) hooked.  When I got  home I read the first 100 pages immediately and, as many others have  remarked here, I could not put it down.  <br />I have never before experienced  a book that made me laugh so hard that tears came to my eyes, while at  other times absolutely broke my heart so severely that I had to set the  book aside until I was ready to go on.  <br />Written from the perspective of  a child, the humor of the book is often wrapped up in simply how a child  thinks. &quot;If you ask grown-ups anything they just give you a thump on  the head and tell you not to ask so many questions.&quot;  If you don't  care for this interesting perspective for story-telling then, of course,  don't buy this book.  On the other hand, if you are wondering whether or  not it is worth the read-- despite all the hype-- then definitely you  should take a look.  The only &quot;story telling&quot; drawback I can see  is that, it being a memoir and not a hollywood movie, the ending left me  dangling: Of course I suppose that's what sequels are for, eh?
B00000F1D3|3.0|i think cher came back, with good songs her voice just made  it more wonderful and powerful
B00000IAU3|5.0|I just bought this cd on a whim, I had never actually hard the songs on it.  I'm so glad I bought it, it's my favorite cd of all time. Dido has a sound completely her own, kind of a mixture of new age, techno, and Tori  Amos, as well as Sarah Maglaghlin (I have no clue how to spell that) But  buy this cd, you won't regret it.  Her soulful lyrics are ones that most  people can relate to!
B00000IPAX|1.0|this makes me sick. All these people pretending they are punks. THIS IS NOT PUNK!  it is total pop. I am a huge punk fan, and this sugar-coated mindless corporate garbage being passed off as punk is sad. These songs  can't even be passed off as pop-punk, which is not all that great. If you  want to listen to real punk, listen to Dead Kennedys, Dropkick Murphys,  Against All Authority, Anti-Flag, Minor Threat, Suicide Machines (old),  Nofx etc. Sorry for offending anyone, but I just had to get that off my  chest.
0790729342|5.0|What the Matrix is to the  '90s,   The Road Warrior was to the '80s
0380789019|5.0|While I had associated Neil Gaiman with humorous books (Don't Panic and Good Omens), I was pleasantly surprised to find I had accidentally bought one of the best sci-fi/fantasy books I've read in a while.  It was a total  mindbender about a universe we &quot;normal&quot; people share, but never  care to see.  We've all had the experience of seeing a darkened subway car,  but never once have I ever thought about looking inside to confirm it has  the same interior as all the rest...
B00004BZ0N|4.0|There is too much filler on this cd (Lovers Rock, Revolution Rock) for it to be considered the greatest album of all-time.  Highlights are the pop-ish Train in Vain, Guns of Brixton and Spanish Bombs.  Great lyrics,  and it is nice to hear a band just bang away, but Strummer's voice is just  weak.  There's no power or menace to it, and the songs suffer because of  it.
6304406096|2.0|This film is a sad excuse for a remake of one of the best Bonds, Thunderball. There are a few good things like Bernie Casey as Felix Leiter, the end fight, the motorcycle chase, the castle and casino scenes,  the  musical score, and though Sean Connery is very suave as OO7, he is just too  old. The rest is very bad.<br />M looks as if OO7 could be his father, and  Klaus Maria Branduer is not nearly as good as his predecessor Adolfo Celi,  who played Largo in Thunderball. He has that stupid smile on his face in  almost every scene and how could he hold the world hostage with nuclear  weapons when he looks like he wouldn't (or couldn't) hurt a fly? He has to  be the nicest OO7 villain ever, unlike the cruel villains such as Davi in  License to Kill and Bean in GoldenEye. Kim Basigner is stupid and can't  measure up to her predecessor, Claudine Augner, and since when does Domino  have blond hair!  Barbara Carrera is okay as Fatima Blush but still isn't  as good as Lucianna Paluzzi.  Max von Sydow is bad as Blofeld and also has  hair and a beard!  At least Charles Gray was excellent as Blofeld in  Diamonds are Forever and his hair was smoothed out, not puffed up! Pat  Roach is very weird as Lippe. AlecMcowen is not very good as &quot;Q&quot;  Algy and the gadgets are not very good. How could you have anyone else but  Desmond Llewelyn as Q! <br /> The duel between OO7 and Largo at the casino  with the video game &quot;Domination&quot; is pointless and boring.  Overall, weak and it wasn't as good as the other '83 OO7 film, Roger  Moore's excellent Octopussy. See this movie only if you want to see all the  OO7 films, and buy it if you only want to own all the Bond films.
B00004TDTO|5.0|And that is in my opinion, of course.  JAWS affected me when I was only 5 years old when I saw JAWS 2 on television while living in Colorado.  I soon saw the original JAWS movie and loved it instantly (funny thing is, they  never scared me much--E.T. was about the scariest thing I've ever seen).  I  have always been a huge fan of this movie and still get a jolt out of  seeing certain scenes, and am horror-struck still when Quint becomes shark  food (the only time I think pan and scan worked EVER was there when the  shark first bit down on him and he screams--it takes up the whole TV screen  and shocks you into silence).  The characters are believable and more real  than most people I know!  I can only hope to strive for that like Spielberg  did in 1973-74.  Sure the shark is a bit fake by today's standards, but  only showing the shark little bits at a time out of neccessity really  helped with the fear factor for me--I use my imagination and fill in the  blanks; less is more (JOHN CARPENTER'S THE THING is one example of more is  more).  The directing, writing, cast, and even the effects make it the  greatest film ever (in my humble opinion!).
0440219078|5.0|I loved this book!  It was slightly creepy at some parts, but you have to accept that.  It is incredibly well written.  At the end of every chapter, there is a cliffhanger.  I had the hardest time putting the book down!  If  you listen to Natalie Imbruglia's &quot;Torn&quot;, it is basically a  little summary of the song.  Just thought you'd like to know that. :)
B00004TH7Z|2.0|It was to be the great comeback: Iron Maiden, the fallen champions of heavy metal, reunited with lead singer Bruce Dickinson and guitarist Adrian Smith, just like the good old days. Fans around the world spent months on  the edge of their seats, their flames of anticipation carefully fed by the  band's well-lubricated PR apparatus turned internet website. Millions of  headbangers, earthdogs, rivet heads and metal maniacs everywhere just  aching to behold their heroes explosively emerging out of a decade of  decadence, with an album that would do the twofold job of recapturing the  glory of the past and blazing a new trail for the future. And now it's  here: &quot;Brave New World&quot;. My GOD what a disappointment!<br />Behind  the incredible artwork (Derek Riggs is back too...) is an album full of  Maiden's debilitated formulas and cliches, with nothing to testify that any  change has taken place with the band's return to its most eminent line-up.  All we are presented with are the same expectable chord movements worn out  by endless repetition, the same rhythm changes which were once  groundbreaking but are now just another regularity, and the same  pseudo-dramatic lyrics which contain ever more words but carry ever less  meaning.<br />Since 1987's &quot;Seventh Son of a Seventh Son&quot;, Iron  Maiden has gradually lost its creative forces and sunk into the doldrums.  To the frustration of many of its devout fans, the band abdicated the very  thing that made it so good for many years: the ability to do something  different and original with each album. Many a seasoned aficionado will  remember taking a new release home with his heart beating, playing it for  the first time (preferably in full volume) and being left gaping and  stunned by another amazing tour-de-force. In their days of grandeur Maiden  were always sure to get you where you least expected it, whether with an  entirely new sound, potent and melodic guitar solos, or lyrics that sent  your imaginationsoaring. But since then they have found their formula,  settled down and produced a series of mediocre albums that leave you with  very little to take away with you. The uniqueness is gone: one could  shuffle all the tracks of the past few albums and never know the  difference.<br />The return of Dickinson and Smith, along with their  impeccable musicianship, was supposed to change all that. And the new  triple lead guitar line-up even promised new opportunities for stretching  the limits of harmony and virtuosity. But Iron Maiden fails to deliver in  either sphere. Not that the album is entirely displeasing: Dickinson's  voice is still made of steel; Smith, Dave Murray and Janick Gers can still  grind their axes like few others; Steve Harris is still an incredible  bassist and Nicko McBrain can even show off some newly acquired double  bass-drum technique. Some of the tracks carry a mean beat while others,  especially the longer ones, are even reasonably interesting. But overall  there is no new gospel for the initiated: Maiden proves once again that it  has found its fatuous place on the musical map, and is sticking to it with  the bullheadedness of an old grenadier.<br />Since its origins, heavy metal  was meaningless without innovation. From Led Zeppelin and Deep Purple's  rendering of anything from blues to bluegrass in the 70's; through Iron  Maiden and Metallica's use of euphony and guitar solos in the 80's; and up  to Marlyn Manson's indictment of decadence or Limp Bizkit's Rap-metal today  - the marked feature of a good band has always been the drive to test new  waters, to remain ever fresh and on the cutting edge. Those who couldn't  either went commercial, spawning an entire genre of fake-metal which was no  more than pop tunes with guitar distortion, or went standard - and lost  ground to those who still had the fire. It is my sad judgement that Iron  Maiden have taken the latter road. Perhaps it is time for them to  honourably step down, having bequeathed an immense contribution to the  revolution of rock, and leave the future to the young who still declare  their hunger for shouting with a previously unheard voice.
B000002SYG|5.0|If I were going to put together a time capsule of 80's music, this CD would certainly be one of the first selected. Boy George and Culture Club epitomized the &quot;80's sound&quot;. CC was made for MTV and their music,  like most of the great bands from the 80's, was upbeat and fun. I miss CC  and the 80's. It was a great time that will live forever in my heart.
6304765231|5.0|When I first heard about the Crow, I knew it was a low-budget film adaptation of a cult comic (read: a comic no one's ever heard of). So when I rented this movie, I wasn't expecting much. Why? Usually, low-budget film  adapations of comic books aren't very good (i.e., Captain America, the  Fantastic Four, the Punisher).<br />However, I was shocked and greatly  surprised when I popped this film into the VCR and watched it. It had a  great, charimatic lead actor: Brandon Lee. A guy who would have become a  great action film star, I just know he would have. He had the right look  and screen magnetism like Tom Cruise or Harrison Ford.<br />Anyway, what a  great movie! Great action sequences. Touching love story. Developed  characters. Creativity on the part of the director. A good film score.  Overall, it is the third-best, comic-book adaptation ever, behind only the  first Superman movie and Batman Forever.<br />Pick this movie up today. You'll  enjoy it. I'm sure you'll watch it several times the first day you get it.  If the X-Men movie is anything like this, then the X-Men is going to crush  the box office in July. Let's hope the people making the X-Men studied this  film closely . . .
B000001F5F|4.0|\\"Ladies and gentlemen, I will follow,\\" an animated Bono cries out at the start of the amazingly energetic \\"I Will Follow\\" on \\"Under a Blood Red Sky.\\" Judging by the cheers of the crowd that follow this proclamation, it sounds like the sentiment is mutual. The liveliness of audience and band on \\"Under a Blood Red Sky\\" is hard to resist. From the opening moments heard on the rollicking \\"Gloria,\\" when Bono yells \\"Two, three four!\\" you get the sense that U2 was truly hitting its early 1980s stride -- and that bigger things would be coming down the horizon.<br /><br />Bono and U2 are an excellent live band. When I saw them back in 1992 on the [[ASIN:B000001DTM Achtung Baby]] tour, I was amazed how closely the band's live sound so evenly matched what was on its studio albums. And like any great live band, U2's stage act probably exceeds its studio records. \\"Under a Blood Red Sky\\" flows along nicely at a brisk pace, and though it's only eight songs long, the band chose a nice blend of sing-along stadium rockers mixed with mid-tempo and obscure tracks that would likely please any U2 fan. Musically, U2 is on fire at Red Rocks: Bono's booming wail is heartfelt and resonates beautifully among the canyons and crowd; The Edge's guitar pierces the night air like a sword; Larry Mullen Jr.'s drums are, as usual, dependable and buoyant; and Adam Clayton's bass gives the whole thing a semblance of gravity.<br /><br />The album seems to hit a climax halfway through on the blistering and well-known \\"Sunday Bloody Sunday,\\" but really it's the lesser-known tunes like \\"11 O'Clock Tick Tock,\\" the quirky \\"Party Girl\\" and the rocker \\"The Electric Co.\\" that give this album further musical depth and personality. Thankfully, the CD is not a steady stream of U2's best-known radio hits.<br /><br />The sublime closing song, \\"40,\\" is almost hymnal, and the enthusiastic way the crowd replaces Bono as lead singer at the tail end of the record aptly displays how music can, at times, transform into a communal and spiritual experience.tual experience.
B000002VC5|5.0|En 1977 fue lanzado I Robot; el primer álbum del Alan Parsons Project para el sello Arista, luego de las excelentes críticas de &quot;Tales Of Mystery and Imagination&quot; lanzado por el sello Casablanca (una división de  Polygram) el año anterior. Así como Tales era un álbum conceptual sobre la  vida y obra del genio del horror Edgar Allan Poe; I Robot fue el gran  tributo de Alan Parsons y Eric Woolfson (su colaborador en producción,  composición y ejecución) al genio de la ciencia ficción, Isaac Asimov,  autor de la novela del mismo nombre del álbum. Parsons, productor eficiente  y notable de la escuela Abbey Road, nos sumerge en un mundo futurista  gracias a sus espectaculares sintetizadores dignos de Dark Side Of The Moon  (álbum donde trabajó de ingeniero de sonido) y a una orquesta brillante  conducida por Andrew Powell. <br />El álbum empieza con &quot;I Robot&quot;,  instrumental que da a entender toda la temática que va a regir el disco en  los siguientes cuarenta minutos y da a entender el riesgo de intentar crear  las máquinas a imagen y semejanza del hombre; al igual que muchas veces se  trata de hacer que el hombre esté a imagen y semejanza de las máquinas.  ¿Por qué esa obsesión del ser humano de tratar de entender la tecnología lo  más que pueda? ¿No es el fin supremo de la tecnología ayudar al ser humano  a hacer su vida más llevadera? Ah, cuestiones interesantes. La tecnología  avanza a una velocidad impresionante, pero igual dependemos de los demás  seres humanos para pasarla bien. Por ende, lo único interesante que ha  hecho el desarrollo tecnológico es a través de la medicina. Prolongar la  triste vida del ser humano. ¿Interesante? ¿suena deprimente?<br />Sigue con la  desafiante &quot;I Wouldn´t Want To Be Like You&quot;, que cuenta el primer  encuentro entre el ser humano y la máquina. Cuando ésta última toma  conciencia de su propia existencia y de la del hombre también. Asimov ya se  había planteado dichas cuestiones muchísimo antes de la aparición de la PC  y de la Internet. Aunque el pensar en la existencia de robots concientes en  nuestros días es algo trillado, es normal encontrar computadoreas con  enormes cantidades de gygabytes de memoria que, conectadas en red, suman e  intersectan sus abundantes gygabytes. Asimov, el profeta de la tecnología,  advirtió y no le hicimos caso. ¿Llegará el momento en que la internet pueda  razonar sobre su propia existenca? ¿Eliminará páginas webs indeseables como  ésta? Solo imaginamos. Asimov lo predijo en los cincuenta. Alan Parsons y  Eric Woolfson lo hicieron en 1976. Bastante proféticos.<br />El álbum contiene  además una balada muy romántica aunque algo deprimente llamada &quot;Don´t  Let It Show&quot;, que fue uno de sus primeros éxitos, además de &quot;The  Voice&quot;, &quot;Breakdown&quot;, y la inquietante mezcla de sonidos  electrónicos y orquestales llamada &quot;Total Eclipse&quot;. Los más  sobresalientes son los temas inicial y final: &quot;I Robot&quot; y  &quot;Genesis, Ch. I, V. 32&quot; (si se hojea la Biblia se encontrará una  inquietante razón título). Dichos temas funcionan como prólogo y epílogo de  una fantasía alucinante que cuestiona la rápida y peligrosa evolución de la  tecnología humana, la cual es derrochada y desperdiciada en unos  capitalismo y/o socialismo que rechazan completamente la individualidad del  ser humano, llevándolo a ser simplemente un robot más; o mejor dicho, una  terminal de la red. Las cuestiones que plantea esta musicalización de la  obra de Asimov son profundas y no hay que dejarse engañar. Es un álbum  tremendamente polémico para quien sepa entender no solamente inglés sino  también aquellos mensajes subliminales que suelen ser llevados por artistas  como Parsons y Woolfson.<br />Una retorcida forma de auto-parodia que Asimov  había razonado con mucha anticipación. Parsons y Woolfson le añadieron  forma musical, conceptualidad y mucho ingenio. Este disco le proporcionará  a usted y a su máquina tres cuartos de hora de abundantes bits que,  codificados coherentemente, dan un sonido agradable para el CPU.
B000002P5R|5.0|I bought this CD a while ago, and when I listened to it, I was very dissapointed. It seemed so flat and boring. I filed it away. Later, I was stuck in the car with just it, so I popped it in, figuring it was better  than nothing. I guess I realized how much I had been missing. It didn't  have any of the Pop glamour that the Experience albums did, but it was just  pure Hendrix, stripped down and full of feeling. The album is so strong all  around, and a great listen. It just proves one more time what a great loss  he truly was. If he had lived to finish it, it probably would've been one  of the best ever.
B000002HRE|2.0|This is a pretty good CD.  By any other artist or band this would be an awesome CD.  But considering their past albums this CD doesn't live up to the Metallica name.  I do think that Metallica sold out.  But I don't  really care about their hair.  I think they sold out because their music  style completely changed.  Starting with the black album Metallica had a  different sound.  In older Metallica (Ride the Lightning, Puppets, and  Justice)their songs are very organized, well put together, and 5-10 minutes  long.  Starting with the black album all the way to re-load their songs  started changing into a bunch of jiberish put together with a guy screaming  in the backround.  That's another point, old school Metallica is more  guitar than lyrics.  In the newer Metallica the lyrics drown out the  guitar.  Some people like that so I'm not going to say that this CD is all  that bad.  If you like this kind of music that's fine with me.  But by my  standards this is one of the worst Metallica CD's ever made.  So if you  like organized music, with lots of killer guitar solo's I would say go out  and buy Ride the Lightning, Master of Puppets, or ...And Justice For All.   But if you like a guy screaming profanity get load and re-load.  I forgot  to mention that in a few songs Metallica actually sounds like their a pop  band, like Nothing Else Matters.  That's a definate change since the old  days.  Well, sorry this was so long and drawn out.  But I get over  obsessive about these things.
0393317552|5.0|General statements about the decisive weight of  &quot;birth&quot; factors  in the  trayectory of living systems has been probably presented before, but never with such scope and with so a detailed examination of the precise  chain of causation as Mr Diamond has done in this work.  Mr Diamond takes  nothing less than the entire human history and  for his understanding he  use for good an absolutely original approach that, supported in the  findings of several sciences, put the root of all in a distant past of  which seldom an historian had given too much attention before. And if that  was not enough, he does so with cristal-clear prose that makes you read it  with the same rush from beginning to end as if you were reading a top best  seller writter, at his best. An incredible work. Surely Mr Diamond has all  the trademarks of genius: powerful and simple, unified explanation of many  things, at the same time compelling and thrilling.
B00004SCX6|3.0|Okay, I don't deny it..I really did like Britney Spears. I loved her first CD, I knew every lyric to every song, had thousands of posters, interviews, etc. Then I bought &quot;Oops!..I Did It Again&quot;. VERY dissapointing.  Yeah, Oops.. is ok, I can tolerate Stronger, I can tolerate most of it  actually. There are two songs that really struck me: Lucky and Can't Make  You Love Me. They have a good melody, beat, and better voice than the rest  of the CD. It would be MUCH better if she would just WRITE HER OWN  LYRICS!  Please, hear my cry, buy the CD, listen, and LEARN!  I will  listen to the CD, I will sing along, but I will never agree with the people  who believe that this CD deserves five stars.
0140157352|5.0|We dont notice, but we negotiate with someone about something just about every day. Reading this outstanding book enlightened me and made me a much more effective negotiator.
0780629450|5.0|In the four-hundred years of its existence, Shakespeare's &quot;Hamlet&quot; has almost never been performed in its full-length version.  Branagh has produced a creditable interpretation, and although  not the best version of Shakespeare on film (I believe that honor goes to  Grigory Kosintsev's 1964 Russian-language version of &quot;Hamlet&quot;),  it is certainly worth owning.  Simply that a four-hour film of the play  could be made at all is remarkable.  Of course, an absolute must for  Shakespeare fans.
0316777722|5.0|Whenever reading Sedaris' work I always half way expect him to sneak up on me and yank the book away as if I had been reading the most personal pages of his diary. In time, however, you realize that the author not only  doesn't mind sharing these sometimes painful, mostly hilarious stories.  Instead, he seems to relish in sharing his unique perspective on the world.  Like &quot;Naked&quot;, &quot;Me Talk Pretty One Day&quot; is consistently  fresh and always entertaining.
0679746048|1.0|This is the worst book I have read in ten years.  The highlights of the story are a few freaky recollections of the mental hospital, the typical patient draws pictures on the walls with her stool (this is recounted all  the time in any psych book) and electo-shock therapy.  The very short and  disjointed chapters offer no flow, only an irritating expectation that the  story has to get better pretty soon..after all they made a movie of it!   How they did is beyond me, but I am sure there must be entirely new  dialogue and story line put together for the movie. There just is nothing  here, I hate to disappoint you, but that is the truth.  I can not  understand how this can be construed as a novel, it is so terrible.  It  reads like someones scratchy notes, and never really gives a feeling of the  story coming together.  If you are interested in this type of novel, read  The Bell Jar by Sylvia Plath.
0783239408|5.0|In the beginning of the movie I was expecting a grim, unrealistic, and &quot;typical&quot; view of teenagers, family life, and American culture.  I was wrong.  American Beauty stirred me and made me feel sympathy for  characters I would normally feel unsympathetic towards.  The acting was  exceptional by all characters, and although the cinematography was  different, it fit the edgy film perfectly!(Roses were just perfect, and the  bag scene was divine)  This film examines nearly all aspects of society and  yet maintains cohesion and universiality without overdoing it.  I love  Lester Burnham!  This is a great film, powerful in its message, powerful  in its delivery.
630197767X|4.0|A vintage &quot;Feel Good&quot; movie, maybe even the &quot;Feel Good&quot; movie by which all others are judged. Rocky Balboa, the Italian Stallion, is self proclaimed nobody,an aging pugilist past his prime who is  given a once in a lifetime chance to fight the heavy weight champion of the  world, Apollo Creed. &quot;Rocky&quot; is a boxing movie that is a about  something more profound than boxing; it is about the spirit of America. It  is the American cinematic version of David vs. Goliath. I give this movie  four, not five stars because there are a handful of really lousy scenes.  All scenes with Bob Hope look alike George Jurgens are especially awful and  unbelievable.
0380973464|5.0|I've just finished my first re-read of Cyptonomicon, and I enjoyed it just as much the second time as the first.  This is not a book for casual reading.  There is quite a lot of cleverness going on that requires that  you pay attention.<br />The concepts -- the tug between privacy and ease, the  use and misuse of encryption, the contribution that secrecy and the breach  of secrecy have in society -- are interesting topics and the novel goes  some distance to inform, not just preach.<br />By the way, after reading this  book, I was compelled to read a couple of histories of WWII code breaking.   Serious stuff!
B00000K19E|5.0|Fantastic effects and features. Qualities great.
031218087X|4.0|I have read many of the other reviews for this book, and in none have I seen the humor that the Author places in his books mentioned. This is the second book of Dan Brown's that I have read and everything I enjoy about  his writing was present in this work and was even more in evidence in his  second &quot;Angels And Demons&quot;.<br />It is true this book does not have  the same energy level for the first third of the story. I had less of  problem with this, as I know little about cryptography. It may seem  incongruous to read about Caesar in the midst of a tale of the NSA, but I  found it interesting as well as the type of detail that adds credibility to  the book because of the level of research. In addition once the pace  quickens the Author maintains it to the end. Too many of the books I read  seem to hurry to a conclusion. It's almost as if the Authors after years of  work and dozens of drafts just want to be finished. Dan Brown keeps the  tension high, and does so with credibility, not some contrived nonsense  that just drags the reader along with false partial endings.<br />The book  only suffers by comparison when you read &quot;Angels And Demons&quot;  first as I did. But Authors that fail on their second attempt are far more  numerous than those who not only maintain the level of their work, but also  take the whole reading experience a step up. This failing is called  &quot;the sophomore jinx&quot;. This Author does not suffer from that  malady, and with his next work not only will the &quot;third time be a  charm&quot;, rather I think it will be the next in a series that will get  ever more intricate and clever.<br />There were those who felt the ultimate  ending was simple, and while I do agree the final solution was not  &quot;Fermat's Enigma&quot;, I think being disappointed in the ending is  wrong. It is true the very final answer is simple, the answers to many  great enigmas are, but the series of partial solutions that allow steps  toward the final answer when considered as a whole are anything but  simple.<br />There are a number of Authors who nailed the best-seller lists  their first time out. I read about their recent books, and more often than  not the loyal readers become more and more disappointed as new books are  written. They express the frustration that the books become a formula. To  date Dan Brown has not done this. I believe his books will continue to gain  the recognition they deserve, and his admirers will continue to be pleased  many many books into the future.al answer when considered as a whole are anything but  simple.<br />There are a number of Authors who nailed the best-seller lists  their first time out. I read about their recent books, and more often than  not the loyal readers become more and more disappointed as new books are  written. They express the frustration that the books become a formula. To  date Dan Brown has not done this. I believe his books will continue to gain  the recognition they deserve, and his admirers will continue to be pleased  many many books into the future.
0790725657|5.0|&quot;A Little Princess&quot; is, simply put, a beautiful film. The cinematography, sets, music and lighting are top-notch. The scenes in India are particularly gorgeous. The acting is, by and large, superb. As a film,  it works.<br />As an adaptation of Frances Hodgson Burnett's beloved classic,  however, this film doesn't come very close. As the 1939 Shirley Temple  version, this &quot;LP&quot; simply appropriates the characters' names and  the vague situation. Most of the action in the second half of the  film--including the discovery of the attic room, the ashes incident, the  wild chase and the ending--are from the Temple picture, not the  book.<br />Similarly, the characters deviate significantly from those  described in the book. Liesel Matthews is excellent, but she does not have  the personality of Burnett's Sara Crewe. Amelia Minchin and Lavinia are  both given more sympathetic portrayals, and so forth.<br />This is a fine  movie, but it should be viewed as such, not as an adaptation of the fine  novel.
B00003IPFK|5.0|Absolutely flawless - well, not quite there are some things I wish would have been done differently.  Blue Duck was too clean to be as mean as he was.  There are a couple of instances of sloppy editing.  Of course I have watched it about 20+ times clear through and favorite scenes many more  times than that.   Most of the reviews at this site are right on so I won't  waste time in going over the basic plot.   If there is an ounce romance in  your makeup and you ever wanted to be a cowboy or cowgirl then watch  &quot;Lonsome Dove&quot; and hold on to the saddle horn.   Unfortunately I  must say that I will not be buying the DVD...  My VCR plays the tape well  and the general concensus is that the DVD version thus far is not that  great technically.  What a shame.
B00001ZWTS|4.0|Lots of reviewers are hating this movie, but I found it to be a lot of fun and got quite a few laugs off of it.  Kevin Kline is great, and Will Smith has so many great lines to add comedic value to this movie.  From what I  understand, this movie had nothing to do with the old TV show except for  maybe the names.  I never saw the orignal TV show, so I didn't care.  This  was sort of a James Bond meets the Wild West.  I believe the core audience  this film  was supposed to appeal to was late teen to thirty somethings,  and for me it fit the bill. I really enjoyed this movie.  I think if you  are in the mood for a fun, comedic adventure or if you are a fan of Will  Smith's humor, you should buy this movie.  All others should at least give  it a chance by renting it. As a bonus there are two music videos at the end  of the movie that might make it worth it for you.
B00000G3Q4|5.0|Though definitely not for everyone, Sam Raimi's Evil Dead is the quintessential Horror Comedic Gore film. Filled with outrageous decapatations, bodily dismemberments, bleeding plumbing, exploding chest  cavities, tons of Kayo sryup, a perfectedly cast Bruce Campbell, and an  abundance of Three Stodges physical humor, Evil Dead astounded 80's  audiences with it's warped comically tinted interptation of the  conventional horror film. Though reportedly made for a scantly 50,000, the  film's low budget didn't hamper Sam Raimoi's stylistically virtuoso  direction brimming with oft-kilter camera angeles, hyper-kinetically  panning, and alrmingly ubrupt close-ups from engraving Evil Dead as one of  the most extraordinary enthralling horror opuses in the history of cinema.  A Must-Buy. Definitely a stellar DVD package filled with everything a  Dedite fan could possibly desire.
6304806426|5.0|In the final days of the last war, a badly burned man lies dying in an abandoned church in newly liberated Italy. With his memory of the past gone, the one purpose left in his life is to regain his memories before he  dies. As those memories come back, a story of love and tragedy  emerges.<br />This film appeals on very many different levels.<br />The story  that unfolds of the doomed love between The English Patient and the wife of  one of his fellow pilots and explorers really is a powerful tale.<br />But as  this is revealed, we also see the Patient struggling with a life whose only  purpose has become to try to survive for long enough to remember. We see  this man living parts of his life again as the memories  return.<br />Interwoven with this is the quest of the mysterious Carravagio to  find, confront and bring to justice the man whom he blames for the  mutilations that he suffered at the hands of the Germans.  <br />Then there is  the story of the Army Nurse, Juliette Binoche who, despite the conflicts  and tragedies that she sees remains totally committed to both her patient  and the man whom she comes to love.<br />If these story items are not enough,  the beautiful filming of Africa and Italy is real artistry. It's just  wonderful to look at. Even without characters and plot, the landscapes and  flying sequences would make it worth watching this film.<br />The acting is a  delight to view as well. The actors are confronted with roles that cannot  have been at all easy to portray. Despite this, every character in the film  is brought to life.<br />This film was showered with awards when first  released and it deserved every one of them. It's a great movie and you can  watch it over and over again and keep finding something new to think about.
0451169514|5.0|The book IT by Stephen King is about 7 kids who are getting revenge on a clown mamed Pennywise.  A visous, mean, amd gory clown that likes to take the life of little kids and then haunght their families with the memories  of that kid for years and years.  i gve the book five stars because it is  well edited and well told.  Stephen King, i think is one of the best horror  book writers in history.  In the book the kids over come their fears and  defeat Pennywise the clown.  i liked the book very much.  I have also seen  the movie, i recomend you to see it too.
B00000JGEO|5.0|If you are a fan of Action movies, then you should not pass up True Lies.  This is easily this best Arnold Schwarzenegger movie yet.  Jamie Lee Curtis is great.  Tom Arnold adds a comedic value to this movie.  Lots of great  stunts and full blown action that can only be delivered by Arnold.  This  one is a must own!
0385334206|5.0|Vonnegut is simply outstanding, he writes with a clarity and honesty which is exhilirating. His greatest charm is the nearly child like way he sees the world, and this is one of his finest works. A humourous and intelligent  sideways look at modern life, a must read book.
0812548094|4.0|While not as completely engrossing as the first book in the series, Wizard's First Rule, Terry Goodkind still does an excellent job with The Stone of Tears.  The sequel brings again to the epic saga of Kahlan and  Richard, who really ought to have sorted themselves out by now. Now we have  Richard being captured by the mysterious Sisters of the Light so they can  teach him to use his gift (magic). Goodkind gives the reader hints of  Richard's past along with seductive hints about the Wizard's War that  ravaged the land centuries before.  This book is not the generic,  money-making sequel that some authors rattle out by the thousand by taking  some insignificant character from their first book and shoving them into  the main plot line kicking and screaming. It answers questions from the  previous novel and leaves the reader asking more. Definately worth a look.
B00004T9UF|5.0|This is an excellent cd.  It contains a little bit less of the humor of his first album and more hard core rap.  The cd does live up to expectations following his Slim Shady LP, possibly the best rap album of  all time.  It does this because expectations were not on the same level as  slim shady.  It is almost as good, but not quite.  Dr. Dre mixes 10 of the  14 songs, all of them excellent.  Eminem mixes the other 4, of which half  are the only dissapointments on the album.  These are dissapointments  because he chose to include d-12, his childhood friends and newly signed  group to shady records, who appear to have no skill and hes just doin them  a favor.  So, if you are a fan of eminem, and you want to add to your  collection, buy this cd.  For one of the best, possibly THE BEST rap cds of  all time, go with his original, the slim shady lp.
B0000032LS|4.0|This and the &quot;Roxy Cast&quot; are probably my two favorite versions of Rocky Horror!  The songs are very catchy and easy to sing along to.  Tim Curry brings his very distinctive voice to this recording.  The reason I  only gave this recording 4 stars instead of 5 is simply because a few songs  (i.e. &quot;The Sword of Damocles&quot;, &quot;Planet Schmanet Janet&quot;,  &quot;Planet Hot Dog&quot;) were not included for some reason, but it's  wonderful nonetheless.  These are songs that very rarely get tiring and  usually can get you dancing and singing along!  If you're a true Rocky  Horror fan, you need this and the &quot;Roxy Cast&quot; to add to your  collection!
B000002G26|5.0|As far as CDs go, this is one of the best collections of one artist's work!  There are like 7 songs that I love on this CD of 14 songs, which is a ratio not often achieved by CDs.  I am very pleased :)
B00002EPMF|5.0|this band is death under a different name. they hired tim aymar to do the vocals, but they still stomp.
B000002GYN|5.0|Eagles classic first album,along with their five other studio classics and the double Eagles Live have all been remastered and the sound quality is incredible! It's like hearing them for the first time ever.The acoustic  guitars and Eagles trademark harmonies float out of the speakers with  breathtaking clarity.Randy Meisner's harmony vocals on Take It Easy are so  clear you'd swear he was in the room.The original Eagles cd's were done  from the compressed album masters and a quick A/B comparison test with  those and the remasters will astound you.If you don't own any Eagles cd's  pick them up in order, you can't go wrong! I haven't seen the two Greatest  Hits cd's remastered yet but forget them and pick up the original albums.  There are just too many great tracks that aren't on those like Saturday  Night, James Dean, Ol'55, After The Thrill Is Gone, Visions, Midnight  Flyer, Doolin' Dalton, The Last Resort, and many many more.The cd's were  remastered by Ted Jensen at Sterling Sound in New York City in March of  1999. Finally we can hear these classics in all their sonic glory!
6305903182|4.0|Williamson's writing and the character of Randy are missed, but is still a great conclusion to the trilogy.  I enjoy this film better than the 2nd and close to the 1st.  The reason this film is so good is because it's  different from the first two. Slasher films from the past were always the  same in every sequel, but this film dares to be different and does it well.   I really didn't want to see a Scream 2 all over again, so I was pleased  with what I saw.  The top 5 reasons I liked the 3rd better than 2 are 1:  Neve gives the best performance of all three. 2: darker than the second. 3:  better ending (closed area and I didn't know who the killer(s) was/were. 4:  More mystery. 5: More suspense rather than gore (unlike the second).   Please order this film now!
044022425X|5.0|I was originally prepared to be partially disappointed with this book as a few of the other reviews had left me with the mistaken impression that it didn't deliver.  Much to my delight, I LOVED Drums of Autumn! It delivered  all of the goods and more. I was also thoroughly taken with the preceeding  3 books in the series. <br />With Drums, I found enjoyment in Jamie and Claire  being comfortably together, secure in their love for one another and  settled in their new home.  This book, like the other three, was filled  with laughter, tears, romance and adversity. It dealt with each characters  emotions perhaps even better than in the preceding novels because it took  it's time - I for one enjoyed the slower pace (but never, never a boring  one).  I liked the addition of Brianna and Roger's story as well as John  Grey's continued presence in the lives of our hero and heroine. I can't  wait to see what happens next - the introduction of Stephen Bonnett as well  as Will's reappearance should make for some interesting story plots in the  next 2 books! <br />I have never been so taken with any characters as I have  with Jamie and Claire.  Diana Gabaldon is a phenomenal writer - she speaks  directly to my heart and sense of adventure!  I recommend this as well as  every book in the Outlander series - 5 stars for all.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Finally!  We have the real Maiden back together.  This one's up there with Piece of Mind.  Been listening since '83 and am happy to hear Maiden back in top form.  Of course, since I was partially deafened at a Maiden concert  in '84 while sitting on the second row, I'm happy to hear anything at all!   Looking forward to the tour.  Will be bringing earplugs this time Steve, so  turn that bass up!
B00004T9UF|5.0|welp, hes done it again, the cuts on here are better than the last record, more serious in a way, hes shown another side of himself and what hes gotta say, if u like his style u'll like this cd, go out and get it if u want ... ...its a good album...all cuts are good, its worth your  16 dollars. is . I think he's got more nerve then anyone in the music  industry right now . He's da bomb !
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Brave New World. Este album es sencilla mente increible, si eres un Fan de los Irons lo vas disfrutar, este disco esta lleno de cambios y como si fuera poco la voz de Bruce esta en su mejor condicion; es el estilo clasico  de esta agrupacion. Los discos anteriores los han catalogados de malos pero  en realidad han sido muy digeribles esto ocurre cuando las bandas logran su  madurez musical. Cuando oigas canciones como NOMAD podras recordar  canciones clasicas como ALEXANDER THE GREAT o como RAME OF THE ANCIENT  MARINER. Este disco es una muestra de la evolucion de esta banda y a la vez  es un legado para las nuevas generaciones que no han experimentado la  mejestuosidad y grandesa de esta banda. El disco esta excelente y  recomiendo que lo compren. UP THE IRONS
0812034465|5.0|I rated To Kill a Mockingbird 5 stars. This book is the &quot;handbook&quot; on racism, sexism, and descrimination against social classes. I enjoyed this book due to the understanding level it was on. I  think because it was though the eyes of a young child they made it very  plain and comprehendable but because Scout was smart and intelligent,  Harper Lee could still use knowledge about a second grader's. I think this  book helps teenagers especially deal with the idea that racism and sexism  will never completely go away but that they can still deal with it to the  best of their ability.      I think the author definatly intended this book  for young adults. If a young child read this book, it would fly over their  heads and leave them with more questions than answers. The language is  inappropriate for most children but yet is understood by young adults. This  book helps teenagers in many ways.
B00004SST6|5.0|With this album, which will undoubtedly receive a lot of play on smooth jazz stations, Benson steps up to the fore-front as the master when it comes to playing the jazz guitar.  As an added bonus, the play stylings of  Joe Sample, Christain McBride, Ricky Petersen and Steve Gadd makes this a  &quot;must have&quot; album for all serious contemporary jazz buffs.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem is definately the best rapper (Dr. Dre would be second). This new CD is more personal, The Slim Shady LP was all about his alter-ego Slim Shady. The controversial first single is probably the best song on the CD.  It is among other great songs like Stan (about an obsessed fan) and Kim  (about the woman who is now his wife). Overall, this is a really great  album and you should all go out and buy it!
B000000OU0|5.0|This is the only CD in my collection in which every song on the album is good.  The recording quality is out standing. It is as if you were there on stage with the band. It is well worth the price.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem is definately the best rapper (Dr. Dre would be second). This new CD is more personal, The Slim Shady LP was all about his alter-ego Slim Shady. The controversial first single is probably the best song on the CD.  It is among other great songs like Stan (about an obsessed fan) and Kim  (about the woman who is now his wife). Overall, this is a really great  album and you should all go out and buy it!
6305307261|5.0|&quot;Nosferatu&quot; is a wonderous example of what an innovative, imaginative filmmaker can do with a worn out formulaic idea. Werner Herzog injects his film with poetic imagery and a amazing restraint in telling the  tale told in the original 1922 version. Klaus Kinski is a pathetic,  pale-faced, recreation of the character made famous by Max Schreck. He is  eccentric, educated, and diabolically evil at the same time. The film moves  at a slow, ponderous pace, that draws one in with its' melodic and well  filmed sequentially staged scenes. The film is not for those expecting a  loud, obnoxious, &quot;Lost Boys&quot; or &quot;Interview With The  Vampire&quot; type storytelling. It is a strange type of art form that will  hopefully be eventually seen as the classic that it is. The DVD  presentation is excellent, both the original German Language version and  the lesser English language version are contained on the disk. There is  also interesting commentary by the director in which he points out many  similarities between the earlier version and his. The film is also  letterboxed, presenting the entire scope of beautiful and horrific images.  &quot;Nosferatu&quot; is simply a great film that those looking for a  change of pace from the usual should see.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem is definately the best rapper (Dr. Dre would be second). This new CD is more personal, The Slim Shady LP was all about his alter-ego Slim Shady. The controversial first single is probably the best song on the CD.  It is among other great songs like Stan (about an obsessed fan) and Kim  (about the woman who is now his wife). Overall, this is a really great  album and you should all go out and buy it!
6305364648|4.0|Arnold Schwarzenegger's last film (&quot;End of Days&quot;) was a disappointment to most of his fans.  Much better was this 1994 slam-bam action fest.  It is one of the best movies in the Ahnuld canon.  It is also  an exciting, sometimes hilarious film that should satisfy the appetites of  action fans everywhere.<br />Arnold stars as Harry Tasker, a mild-mannered,  milquetoast computer salesman--or so his wife Helen (Jamie Lee Curtis)  believes.  Actually, he's a superspy for Omega Sector, a shadowy government  intelligence agency.<br />Harry has been spying for seventeen years along with  his wisecracking sidekick Gib (Tom Arnold).  They go into the most  dangerous, thrilling situations possible.  At the same time, Helen  complains about how boring Harry is, always in sales meetings or dull  conferences.  All she wants is a little adventure in her life.  Be careful  what you wish for!<br />Writer-director James Cameron outdid himself with this  one, delivering over-the-top action and special FX like only he can.  (Yes,  I did like this better than &quot;Titanic.&quot;  Much better.)  Some of  the sequences in this film are nothing short of amazing.  They really do  have to be seen to be believed.<br />Schwarzenegger shows off his  always-improving acting skills, even going so far as to tango, a trick he  never would have tried a few years ago.  He's no Pacino, maybe, but he's  not half-bad.  Schwarzenegger's presence holds the film together, providing  a veneer of believability in the midst of all the cartoon violence.<br />Tom  Arnold is refreshingly good in the comic second banana role, all but  stealing the film from the principals.  Having cast off the mantle of  &quot;Roseanne's husband,&quot; Arnold shows himself to be a gifted and  likable performer in his own right.<br />Jamie Lee Curtis is as sexy and smart  as always.  Her role is somewhat awkward, as she is forced to endure some  fairly embarrassing moments.  She plays them, though, with verve and gutsand accords herself well.<br />I do have one major complaint about &quot;True  Lies.&quot;  It's too long and the second act lags.  With a running time of  two hours and twenty-one minutes, there are unavoidable lulls in the story.   The scipt, as written, just can't support this much movie.  Some judicious  editing would have solved this.<br />Still, &quot;True Lies&quot; is  definitely an E-ticket ride that should not be missed.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Firstly, the more u listen to this album, the more u like it. The longer it takes u to like a song, the longer it will take for u to get bored of it.  Personally I think the old albums (Power Slave)are not as good as  people say they are. Don't get me wrong, my favorite sonds are Hallowed be  thy name, Power Slave, Revelations, the trooper. But the albums had a few  really good songs, and the rests were much weaker.<br />Brave New World is an  awesome album!  You can sit in the dark with a candle and totally emerse  yourself in it. When I first heard it, it was confusing, I wasn't sure I  liked it.<br />Some people say that the old stuff is better, I love the old  songs, but they are getting dry. I need new material, I need new maiden  songs every day. Every maiden album sounds different from the next, that is  what is awesome. But maiden will keep its identifiable sound through out.  <br />The only weak link here is that the chorus is sometimes repeated too  many times without variations. For example the &quot;wicker man&quot;, but  I still love the song. Adrian Solo style is back and u can tell, may it  will help improve some of Daves sloppy solos. <br />The radio version of the  wicker man has an extra vocal track on theh chorus, which makes it sound  much better, but it is no where to be found.<br />I give this album 5000000000  stars, no Iron maiden album is bad. This one is strong, the next one will  even be stronger as they adjust to their new sound.<br />Up the Irons!
B00003CWL5|5.0|I couldn't get enough of this movie! I watched it 3 times in a row and I must own it! I offers a view of how life is preceived by each main character. Things are not always as they seem. I love Kevin Spacey, he's so  honest and real! And Annette has never been one of my favorite actors, but  she was GREAT! I felt as though I got a feel for what life was like for  each of them. It reminded me of Pulp Fiction as far as the ending makes it  all come clear.
0812550757|5.0|Of the 4 books in the original Ender Wiggen saga, this is by far (empatically!) the best of the lot. I don't know if this Speaker for the Dead idea is taken or adapted from some existing ritual, but it was new to me, and I have been quite taken with it. The new alien race is a fascinating creation, and feels alien, as opposed to those creatures you encounter in Star Trek. All in all, I have to rate this in my top 5 list of all time, and I highly recommend it (read Ender's Game first, though, as I think it would be difficult to follow otherwise).
6300213803|5.0|Criticly accalmed as the best of the series,The Wrath of Khan places Admirial Kirk against his mysterious long-lost enemy Khan,a genecticly altered,late 20th century leader.Khan and his party are discovered whan a  small science team investgate a mysterious reading from the planet,and from  their a chain reaction is started.This second picture was the kind of  excitinly familiar,yet twistedly new film that fans of all ages had been  waiting for.Starring(William Shatner as Admiral kirk)and(Ricardo Montalban  as Khan)
B000003TA4|5.0|Whenever people list the most influential and/or best albums of this past decade, perhaps even of all time, this CD seems to come at the top of every list.  And with good reason; Kurt Cobain was a flat-out genius.  As great  as In Utero is, it isn't even close to this.  Out of the 12 songs, 11 are  classics.  The only one that doesn't have the same effect as it did in 1991  is On A Plain.  Which is still good.  Remove tracks 1, 3 and 5 (you know  what they are), and you'll still have one of the greatest CD's ever.  In  fact, that's how I grew to fall in love with this CD for the second time.   Teen Spirit, Come As You Are and Lithium are now rock staples, but you've  heard them far too many times to spin them constantly at home.  The best  not-so-widely-heard songs include the punkish Stay Away, the melancholy  Something In The Way and the abrasive Territorial Pissings.  And despite  the constant airplay, In Bloom is simply too damned good to skip.  Despite  the hundreds of thousands of copycats, Nirvana's sound stays fresh due to  Novoselic's cool bass lines, Grohl's intricate and complex drum playing,  and of course, Cobain's piercing, deeply affecting growl, which is  unmistakable despite the hordes of imitators.  I don't care if you'll puke  if you ever hear Teen Spirit again, if you haven't heard all 12 songs (and  there is absolutely no reason why you shouldn't have) it is mandatory that  you pick this up.  Behind Mr Bungle's self-titled debut (which isn't suited  for most tastes, but I'm just biased) this is quite simply the best  freakin' thing I have ever heard in my whole life.
B00003Q438|5.0|James Cameron, the master of blue-coloured movies has created the most beautiful movie of all times. This is my absolute favourite movie! When I first saw it, I couldn't open my mouth 'cause I was like hypnotized by  those incredible images. This movie has it all: realistic characters,  played by great actors, stunning visual effects and heart-pounding action,  a moving lovestory and humour. The Special Edition really tells you more  about the characters, than the original release of the movie did. Buy it!  You won't regret it! I'm out of words....
6305903182|5.0|&quot;*RING RING*. Hello&quot; Thus starts the Scream trilogy, in the classic fatal phonecall scene.  All of these movies are well thought out, have good characters and actors, and are very scary.  The first movie is a  great and classic movie with great performences by Neve Cambell(Sydny),  Skeet Ulrich (Billy), and the best by Mattew Lillard(Stu).  The sceond was  a disapointment.  The story was terrible, the script was ok, although I  loved how they introduced Cotton.  The third one is the best of all.  The  killer is great, it has plenty of twists and turns, and I thought it was  great how they introduced the ghost factor (with Sydny's mother).  If you  haven't seen this movie already, I very highly recomend it (as well as the  other screams).  I gave it a very well deserved five stars.
B000002GD9|4.0|This and the preceding recordings Crime of the Century and Crisis, What Crisis? serve as Supertramps finest output. Where the two earlier discs prove to be stronger and more consistent efforts this recording is not  without considerable merit. Even In The Quietest Moments and Fool's  Overture are particularly impressive.  Downstream and Lover Boy are the  weaker cuts. After this effort they abandoned the prog-pop sound for a more  direct pop sensibility. Where this served them well on the highly  successful Breakfast In America, the depth of sound and creativity was  sorely missing. This disc is still worth procuring...Simon.
B00003W8NM|1.0|This is the WORST piece of garbage I have ever seen! If you liked this movie, you are obviously not a very intelligent person. This movie insulted any level of intelligence. I wouldn't pay good money to see this movie  again on a bet. Go ahead and waste your money if you want. I'll say I told  you so...
B000002GEY|3.0|Where this was the band's most successful recording it is no where near as impressive as the three discs that preceded it. With the exception of Gone Hollywood, Child of Vision and the title cut it sounds more like a  collection of solo efforts by Hodgson and Davies. The three previously  mentioned tunes display the rich and creative arrangements, harmonies and  compositional sense that one has come to expect of this once quirky but  brilliant prog-pop outfit. Stick with Crime of the Century, Crisis What  Crisis and Even in the Quietest moments for their finer efforts...Simon
B000003NA4|5.0|Love Scenes is a collection of old jazz favorites, most of the songs are about romance. Once again she is teamed up with Rusell Malone and Christian McBride. Diana's silky sexy voice does put the hook in you. This is a great  CD too relax to at night with the lights low.
B000002GD8|5.0|This is the most musically dense of the Supertramp releases. The complexity of the arrangements and Ken Scott's production give Supertramp more muscle than is evidenced elsewhere. There is also a greater emphasis  placed on guitar work and Rick Davies proves to be quite adept on the  instrument. Some of the band's finest and more fully realised compositions  are present as well.  A Soapbox Opera, Sister Moonshine, Another Man's  Woman are particularly strong.  After this recording the band began to  assume production responsibilities themselves resulting in a softer, more  pop-styled sound. Highly recommended...Simon
B000003N89|5.0|All for You is a wonderful collection of Nat King Cole Trio songs. Nat himself would be proud of Diana and her fellow musicians - Russell Malone and Paul Keller. Nearly every song is great, my favorites are I'm An Errand  Girl for Rhythm, Frim Fram Sauce, and Hit That Jive Jack. Diana has brought  jazz into the mainstream and so far done a wonderful job.
B000002GEV|4.0|This album marked a dramatic shift in direction and style for this British band.  Where this album is considered to be Supertramp's masterpiece by most discerning fans, there are actually two tunes that detract from the  overall effectiveness of the recording. Dreamer and Bloody Well Right are  two silly pop songs that prove to lose their appeal rather quickly.  Otherwise this is a well written, performed and produced (Ken  Scott-producer)album. School and the title cut are particularly impressive.  Hodgson and Davies proved to be a wonderfully inventive and complimentary  partnership. This and the follow up Crisis, What Crisis? are well worth  owning...Simon
B00004SYWZ|3.0|frankly, this being the come back album, the group have released it quite incomplete, as though they we're tentative about most songs... the tunes aren't definitive, and a bit shaky... i can't say morten's voice has gotten  better, because he goes slightly wayward in 'the company man' and 'barely  hanging on'. by trying to modify 'velvet' and 'summer moved on', they've  left out some beautiful instrumentation. despite this, it's fairly soulful,  and a good buy.  'memorial beach' is probably the most polished of all...  simply outstanding, despite lack of recognition.  still, a-ha's putting  their best foot forward, a sign of things to come.
B00001ZT6Z|2.0|I am a huge Sabbath fan.  I like all their work except this &amp; Forbidden, which stands as the absolute worst!  This is a close second; the title track is by far the best song on it &amp; Nightwing is good also, but  the rest is just not up to par.  Try TYR or Cross Purposes for the better  Tony Martin era material.  The songs are just weak on this release.
B000000WHX|5.0|Sure, Blue Lines is ten years old. But maybe you came to the party late in the evening.  Maybe you heard &quot;Teardrop&quot; from Massive Attack's phenomenal 1998 Mezzanine.  Or maybe, like me, you first got glimpses of  greatness in 3D's collaboration with Thom Yorke and UNKLE on Rabbit In Your  Headlights. Now take the plunge and go back to where it all began, the  magnificent Blue Lines.<br />Why?  For sophisticated, elegant Trip-Hop.  For a  window onto the genre before other groups ground it to a pulp.  For Tricky  and 3D in utero!  The sound is so smoothe and lush and Black-Tie, the mix  so knife-edged digital, so &quot;skip-hip data&quot;...<br />The title  &quot;Blue Lines&quot; segues brilliantly into the buttery soul of &quot;Be  Thankful for What You've Got&quot;.  Pop it in the car CD and then drive up  the coast at 1 a.m like I did once. Watch the moon bounce off the waves,  while Tricky and 3D rap back and forth.  Grin from ear to ear.  Be thrilled  you're alive.  Life rarely is this enjoyable.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|They did it!  I bought this the first day it was out &amp; have been waiting for it awhile.  They didn't let us down, Rivetheads!  One of my hero bands from the day are back full throttle!  If you were ever a fan,  this is worth your while!  Being a drummer, Nicko was always one of my most  admired, as was Clive Burr.  He turns in one of his most inspired  performances in years.  'Arry of course is brilliant on bass; his influence  is felt on the album most noticably on &quot;Blood Brothers&quot; &amp;  &quot;Nomad&quot;.  I feel however that it is Bruce &amp; Adrian's  contribution that inspire the freshness of this disc.  You can hear all the  elements coming together &amp; mixing in the pot.  I was totally impressed  with &quot;The Thin Line Between Love &amp; Hate&quot;; Bruce's vocals  shine in the latter portion especially &amp; the guitar work is beautiful  and soulful.  The three geniuses work wonderfully together &amp; I CAN'T  WAIT TO SEE THIS TOUR!  Fear not, Earthdogs; METAL IS NOT DEAD!  Do  your part to support the bands who still fly the flag highly, not just of  metal, but all rock 'n' roll that still shows talent, soul, &amp; doesn't  PANDER TO THE MASSES!  LIKE WHAT YOU LIKE &amp; DON'T LET OTHERS LEAD YOU  AROUND LIKE SHEEP!  The Wolf
B00003Q438|4.0|Disc 1 alone would be worth the price of this Special Edition of The Abyss.  I first saw some of the extra footage when this movie ran on TV, and was amazed at how it enhanced the storyline.  Both versions--the  theatrical release and the special edition--are available on the same  dual-layer disc.  Very elegant.<br />For a movie buff like me, the available  subtitles that explain the effects--as the movie happens--were just  wonderful.  A *lot* of time went into the extra features on this DVD.  It's  much, much more than just a couple of trailers added on.<br />The mastering  was done very well: I was fully expecting to see some color banding since  so much of the film was shot underwater, with subdued colors.  I saw none  of that; the colors and contrasts seemed as rich as the original film, to  my great relief.<br />Disc 2 kept me entertained for hours, and includes both  an hour-long documentary and a 10-minute featurette about how the movie was  made.  Many of the actors and crew were interviewed, and you got to see the  giant nuclear power plant where the set was built.<br />The second disc also  includes some written narratives by director James Cameron explaining his  relationship with Fox, why some of this footage was originally cut from the  film, and why he decided to put footage back into a Special Edition  laserdisc in the early 90's.<br />A terrific package; it's full of surprises,  and really shows off the flexibility of the DVD format.
B000002LOE|5.0|&quot;Automatic for the People&quot; is, according to most of the critics I have read, the seminal work by this seminal band. Perhaps so, and it is certainly a masterpiece (as indeed are so many REM albums, although I have  to nominate &quot;Fables of the Reconstruction&quot; as my favorite  IRS-years release). But if &quot;Automatic&quot; is more timeless, then  &quot;Out of Time&quot; has a sweet charm that brings it to my CD player  more often. Perhaps it is the melancholy alt-country feel that pervades the  album that stirs my passion. The record is layered in resigned, ironic  lyrics (&quot;In this near-wild heaven/Not near enough&quot;, &quot;My mind  is racing/My heart aches/From half a world away&quot;) and the haunting  textures of steel guitar, strings and harpsichord. The unutterable beauty  of the songs - the sinister &quot;Losing My Religion&quot;, the dirgelike  &quot;Low&quot;, the ironic joy of &quot;Near Wild Heaven&quot;, the  ethereal &quot;Endgame&quot;, the remorseful waltz of &quot;Half a World  Away&quot;, the disoriented &quot;Texarkana&quot; and the plaintive  &quot;Country Feedback&quot; - make for a remarkable album, from arguably  the greatest alt-rock band in history. It deserves a place beside  &quot;Automatic&quot; (and &quot;Murmur&quot;, and &quot;Fables&quot;, and  &quot;Document&quot;, and &quot;Up&quot;, and several others) in anyone's  CD collection.
0792156684|1.0|Its pretty obvious with all due rispect to mainstream hollywood that Titanic is not only a superficial film, but from an ethical view, pointless. Igmar bergmen to give but an example, made the Seventh Seal with  a budget of about $55000 and accomplished something that camron could only  wish for. Just goes to show how far hollywood can go just to turn in a  buck...pathetic.
0790729989|5.0|It seems that everytime a new serial killer movie is released, they always compare it to &quot;Silence of the Lambs&quot;. Well it is my belief that all serial killer flicks should have to go through another type of test,  they should all be compared to &quot;Seven&quot;. &quot;Seven&quot; has got  to be the best written, most suspenseful, and most chilling serial killer,  no make that movie, of all time. Everytime you think you can predict what  will happen, BAM, you get hit with another twist. And they over do the  suspense. They don't make the villain some shocking unbelievable character,  it's the kind of person that would be a Real killer. So if your looking for  a real scary movie, than I strongly reccomend getting &quot;Seven&quot;.
B00004SST6|5.0|I've been listening to George for over 25 yrs, or since the release of BENSON BURNER and this new album ranks has one of the best, I think , in his collection. Like all great musicians George gets better and better with  age and diversity. The late Donny Hathaway would be pleased with George's  smokin and soulful rendition of The Ghetto. And like other Benson jams  George has a little something for everybody. A GREAT JAM ALL AROUND!
B00000IOSU|5.0|This is a great album to buy even if you have lots of this material on other CDs.  She does a great live show and it conveys on this album.  The songs are even more enjoyable to listen to and you almost feel like you're  there.  Well recorded and I believe it's an enhanced CD (at least my copy  is) so it has additional material on it as well.  If you like Sarah or want  to find out, go get this one!<br />PS: The IceCream song is a waltz! :)
0140277447|1.0|This book is very terrible. Most of hisorians prove these events were not true. She just only troubled unintellectual persons. I am Japanese and,Iwould like to accept only the truth. However, her book is almost  wrong. If she criticize Japan, Chaina should accept Tibet massacre. If  China don't , she should not have rights to criticize Japan
0446310786|4.0|I would give the book 3.5 to 4 stars because it was truly fantastic book that I enjoyed, and it dealt with real life issues in history, but some cahpters do however drag on. I liked the book because of the real life  examples in history, it was about three kids growing up and that brought  back memories. It showed good examples of prejudice and point of view  changes. I would recomend this book to all ages, but there are some  chapters that may be offensive to some dealing with race, and social  ranking. Overall it was a good book about growing up, and I recomend anyone  to read it.
0871137380|5.0|It could of have been another Little Bighorn: a few hundredAmerican soldiers found themselves surrounded in enemy territory byseveral thousand, heavily armed irregulars. Like Little Bighorn, it started with a well-intentioned political policy that went terribly off-tangent.  Also like Little Bighorn, the situation was exacerbated by a leadership that had grossly underestimated the fighting ability of the opposition.  If it had not been for the bravery and skill of the American helicopter crews, who really kept the enraged Somali mobs at bay, and the discipline and teamwork of the Rangers and &quot;D-Boys&quot;, which held up under the stress of combat, the outcome could have been the same as that of the Little Bighorn.<br />The Battle of the Black Sea may indeed go down in history as the U.S. Army's most famous &quot;small unit&quot; action since the Little Bighorn thanks to Mark Bowden's excellent book.  The parallels between the two battles are striking especially their aftermaths.  The bodies of Custer's slain troopers were stripped and mutilated as were the bodies of a downed Blackhawk crew and the two D-boys who tried to rescue them.  The images of gleeful Somalians dragging the corpses through the streets are still shocking and infuriating to witness. (Luckily, CNN did not exist in 1876, but stories of the desecreted dead still enraged the nation.) Yet American reactions were exactly the opposite.  Within six months after Custer's defeat, the tribes of the northern Plains were broken.  After Mogadishu, a chastened U.S. gave up its mission, and eventually fled from Africa altogether. The U.S. still carries the guilt of its treatment of the American Indian; yet in 1876 vengeance was more potent than morality.  Has the U.S. finally &quot;grown-up&quot; and learned to cut short its losses before it is too late?  Or is the &quot;Day of the Rangers&quot; an instructional lesson for every powermad, tinhorn &quot;warlord&quot; that the U.S. military is a paper-tiger that will cut and run if some of its soldiers are killed?  &quot;Black Hawk Down&quot; is both a gripping story of modern warfare and a parallel lesson to our past.
0441172717|5.0|This book was the greates most intricate novel I have ever read.  Save &quot;The Lord of The Rings&quot;.  The book was not an overnight job. It had Tons of info to back up every event in the book.  It is a whole world  with a long history and a reason for every event.  It shows what good and  bad things can come from ultimate power.  The Long animosity between House  Aterdies and House Harkonnen came to a climax in the Harkonnen attack on  the Atredies.  Paul survives by falling in league with the fremen and comes  back to defeat the Harkonnens and the Padish Emperor.
0790729407|4.0|What a shame that whenever this film is mentioned nowadays, it's almost always referred to as a Julia Roberts flop.  It's actually scarcely a Julia Roberts film at all. Her role is quite minor-and it's commendable that she  took it on, really, since she was already a star. I gather she was looking  for serious roles in meaty films in an effort to beef up her acting  credentials.  <br />And this certainly was a meaty film.  It is, in fact, a  much, much better film than I had ever imagined from the reviews of the  time.  I only regret never having seen it on the big screen, because its  epic sweep and beautiful cinematography would have been all the more  impressive.<br />Americans, including Irish-Americans like myself, have only  the vaguest notions of Irish history.  We learn the basics in school, and  probably, most educated Americans have an idea of approximately when and  how the Irish Republic was established.  We may also know that six counties  in the North remained under British rule and are still part of the UK (at  least, I hope we do--after 30 years of reports on the  &quot;troubles&quot;).  <br />&quot;Michael Collins&quot; goes some distance  toward filling in those informational gaps.  I am aware that many critics  have challenged writer/director Neil Jordan's interpretation of Irish  history (in particular his making Eamon De Valera, the President of the  Irish Republic, something of a villain).  To that, one can only respond  that historical dramas are by definition an interpretation of history.  I  see that a few of the reviewers below have mentioned that this film  inspired them to seek out more information about Irish history.  Those of  us that do will eventually get a more balanced view, perhaps. It was not  Neil Jordan's job to provide us with that perspective.  His job as an  artist was to tell as engaging a story as he could. On that score, he has  succeeded very well indeed.
0441172717|5.0|This book was the greatest most intricate novel I have ever read.  Save &quot;The Lord of The Rings&quot;.  The book was not an overnight job. It had Tons of info to back up every event in the book.  It is a whole world  with a long history and a reason for every event.  It shows what good and  bad things can come from ultimate power.  The Long animosity between House  Aterdies and House Harkonnen came to a climax in the Harkonnen attack on  the Atredies.  Paul survives by falling in league with the fremen and comes  back to defeat the Harkonnens and the Padish Emperor.
0790743213|5.0|Forget about the numerous improbabilities (e.g. that death by cropduster is an effective way to get rid of one's enemies; that a good place for foreign agents to have a hide-out is right on top of Mt. Rushmore; that  Jessie Royce Landis is old enough to be Cary Grant's mother, etc.)--and  just enjoy this ride.  I've seen this movie several times and tend to  forget the details between viewings--which allows me to be surprised all  over again. And surprise is what North by Northwest is all about.<br />Casting  James Mason and a young but very creepy Martin Landau as the villains was  sheer genius. Eva Marie Saint is the icy blonde in this one and suggests a  fair amount of fire beneath that ice.  Grant, already in his mid-50s, was  obviously meant to be younger (mid-40s at the most), but you'll find  yourself suspending disbelief about that and everything else and just  allowing yourself to get caught up in this extremely entertaining film.  There is no better example of Hitchcock's cinematic mastery.  Aside from  the aforementioned crop duster pursuit (scarier than any low-flying plane  scene in any WWII movie), there's the classic Rushmore sequence, and, of  course, the tunnel bit at the  end which delighted would-be Freudian  critics with its (daring for the time?) symbolism.  It's as witty as it is  adventurous, with a wonderful Ernest Lehman script, excellent  cinematography by Robert Burks and a great score by Bernard Herrmann.  A  classic...but then, you probably don't need me to tell you that.
B00002E233|5.0|I saw many people didn't enjoy this film but for me it is one of the horrorest film i saw because this film is having three sharks that can think like humans and is fast and dangerous.I have seen this film atleast  35 times and have never ever felt it borring and i'm going to see it again  and again and it is good for me even though many people have said that it  is a stupid movie
0679731725|5.0|A short novel without very much in the way of plot yet it stays with the reader for a long time.  After reading the book, I kept going back to the characters and the situations they encountered.  The use of the English  language was absolutely brilliant and in my mind's eye, I could  &quot;see&quot; the story as it unfolded.  Yet, the novel was unsettling  because of the barreness of the life depicted.  Could such a life be  considered full and productive or was Stevens merely deluding himself and  unable to face the emptiness of his life and more exact, the pointlessness?  Many of us devote our life to a profession which after all is said and  done, means very little in the scheme of life. The book does not offer any  solution except to say that we still have &quot;the remains of the  day&quot; to live, however that may be.
0316777722|1.0|A big zero rating. I don't want to give it a star but you require the field to be put in!  If you want the f word and the mf word popping up and hitting you in the face unexpectedly, and totally unnecessary,then you  should buy this book.  I don't enjoy it and won't finish reading it!
B00003CWOL|3.0|Why is it that directors of indie films &amp; the bizzarre often make box office flops when given a big budget &amp; star power? Is it the audience that only expects greatness from b&amp;w films, or movies shot w/a handheld  camera &amp; almost no budget? Maybe, because it happened w/david Lynch  (Dune),Tim Burton (Mars Attacks), and now Kevin Smith. The fact of the  matter is that these are all good films, they just seem to lack the  &quot;edge&quot; attributed to their directors.Dogma is no exception.<br />The  idea is very clever. 2 fallen angels attempt to regain entry into Heaven,  which will mean the destruction of mankind if they do so, as it will prove  God fallible. Neat. The angels are Damon &amp; Affleck who are good, but  really unneeded stars as leads. Linda Fiorentino, who hasn't lost her touch  since Last Seduction, but just chose some bad scripts, is on top of her  game here as a faith stricken Catholic. She is joined by Jay &amp; Silent  Bob (unusually nonabrasive in this role), as well as the Muse Salma Hayek,  to stop them.<br />What I feel results is a fun, clever, well crafted film  that was either overlooked or played down because of religious factions  that opposed the movie. The only problems that I found, really, were the  few mistakes made in regards to Catholisism; one being that a priest,  bishop, or cardinal cannot sanction a &quot;door&quot; which will forgive  all siners simply by passing thru it, which is what the 2 angels call their  &quot;loophole&quot; for getting back into Heaven. Only the Pope is  infallible in the Catholic religion, &amp; I don't remember the film  mentioning him sanctioning this &quot;door.&quot; Another faux paus was  that chris Rock couldn't be the 13th apostle, as there was a 13th apostle  in scripture. He was Mathias, who replaced Judas after his suicide. Rock  would be the 14th apostle. Other than that, the swearing got old real fast,  but those are about my only complaints w/the movie.<br />I found that,intentionally or unintentionally,View Askew Productions created a faith  affirming movie. Who wouldn't want God to be loving, beautiful (whether  male or female), unspeaking, as we couldn't understand the sublime nature  of an all powerful being anyway, and w/a sense of humor and wonder in all  His creations, as evidenced by God's romp and tumblesets through the  fresh,green grass.Just perfect! I know that this is the type of God I would  want. A cute (bet that's the first time that word was used to describe  Dogma)film.
B00003W8NM|5.0|There seems to be one constant in &quot;professional&quot; reviews of Fight Club it seems that each reviewer finds this film to be somewhat confusing and disturbing. I would have to say thats the way I first felt,  then I watched it again, and again, and again. Fight Club isn't about  fascism, homoeroticism, or machismo. Fight Club is a film about taking back  control of reality from the invisible societal forces that run our lives.  Fight Club is about being fed up with complacency and doing something  about. The dark and compelling story is complemented perfectly by Pitt and  Norton's acting and taken even further by Director Fincher's unique vision  of the modern world. Perhaps with the exception of The Game there has never  been a Fincher movie without grime and decay, Fight Club takes this beyond  the sets and into a metaphysical realm. If you are looking for a well made  and well acted film that will provoke thought then this is for you. If  you'd rather sit at home in your plush environs and watch the news...this  is definitely for you.
B00003CWL5|5.0|&quot;American Beauty&quot; is the directoral debut for Sam Mendes, and it stars Academy Award winners Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening as seemingly normal people until you get to take a good look under the surface.  That's  the beauty of it, when you see into Lester Burnham's thought's you realize  that you yourself are flawed and that is why you can sympatize with his  character.  Annette Bening screams, kicks, and cries through a marriage  going nowhere and finds solace in another man.  You are looking at people  that at first glance are regular but you are not meant to judge them, you  are meant to look under the surface and see a bit of yourself.  This is a  refreshing work because it digs under the outside of one's persona and  exposes the intracatces of life.
B00004T9UF|4.0|Eminems desire to become a serious member in the rap game has come through as he shows all sides to his ability.  This is a full album with various styles and flows that show a full array of head noddin.  But, when will  real hip-hop come back!   No gimmicks, no controversy just pure lyrics and  beats.
630575067X|2.0|Can special effects be the entire movie?  The actual stars (Ewan McGregor, Liam Neeson, and Natalie Portman) definately weren't selling the picture.  And that is a big part of the problem as to why &quot;Star Wars: Epiosde  1&quot; wasn't good, the other three Star Wars movies didn't use big film  stars and they were great successes.  The casting, storyline, and over use  of visual effects made this film such a dissapointment.  Maybe it wouldn't  have been so bad if it didn't have so much to live up to.
B000002ADT|5.0|As a testament to its enduring popularity, this definitive jazz recording has been re-released and continues to win new fans. This is the first Miles Davis CD that I've ever purchased.<br />Miles Davis and John Coltrane -- what  can I say? It blows my mind that this recording was unrehearsed! This CD is  so good, and of late, so inexpensive, that there's no excuse for anyone who  appreciates good music not to have it.<br />The first track &quot;So  What&quot; has been sampled so often that it is no doubt familiar to many.  It's used on the opening Eryka Badu's live album and even in some car  commercial to cite just a couple of recent examples.<br />Columbia Records  says that this is the one jazz recording most purchased by consumers who  don't listen to jazz. I have no problem believing that.
B000031WD8|3.0|&quot;American Pie&quot; starring Jason Biggs and Chris Klein isn't going to win any awards (mabye MTV one's) but it's more than expected.  In the tradition of &quot;Animal House&quot; it goes for the jugular with  tasteless humor.  Four guys trying to score before the end of high school  is a plot that is bound to have some kicks.  Your certain to enjoy the  mishaps of Jim (Jason Biggs) as he attemps to leave the V club. It  certainly has it's moments and is good fun to watch if your just hanging  with your friends.
0312138407|5.0|Assuming that the people who are going to be interested in this book are going to be people who have seen the movie and want to compare it to the book, yes, the book is equally horrifying, and with no visual aid  whatsoever (in the version that I read). This, to me, is a testament to  Shelley's writing skill. Victor Frankenstein is portrayed not as a mad  scientist but as an ambitious, emotional, lovesick, scholarly human being.  The monster, too, is human. The best books are the ones that we can relate  to, and we relate better to truly human characters. I actually felt more  sorrow for the monster than I did for old Vic; I, too, have much love in my  heart, but have said and done cruel things to people who have angered me,  who have shunned me or wronged me. Human beings are capable of great good  and great evil (since Eve ate from the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil)  and if we are not loved, we become evil. I also empathized with Vic a  little, though, for I know how it feels to accomplish/acquire something and  find out later that I never really wanted it. I could empathize with both  sides of the conflict, and it taught my pendulum-like ego that there are  some things in life that we cannot control, and that no matter how  successful we are, we need people. We have to care.<br />All of this, combined  with more-than-adequate imagery, combine to make this one of the most  powerful books I've ever read.
B000001E8S|5.0|U2 and Brian Eno come together to craft a fantastic album that is absolutely stunning. I really enjoy music that creates a sense of time and place, and with emotional and sureal textures the music on this album  bursts forward with vivid images.<br />If you only like U2's straight forward  rock albums, you may confront this album coldy. But, after all, there is a  reason that Original Sountracks is labeled as Passengers and not as a U2  album.<br />But if you like Brian Eno, this will blow your mind away. And if  you love Eno, it may kill you. You have been warned.
0783228317|5.0|After seeing this movie 50+ times, I am still amazed at what has been captured and the places this film takes you.  As some people have stated before wrongly I might add, this film does not promote drug use, on the  contrary, it brings the mind to the brutish reality of the pain of drugs  and implants it in yor mind.  If you don't &quot;get&quot; this movie it is  because you haven't really experienced the brillience of every scene and  where it takes you.  A masterful movie done by a master.
6302914191|5.0|Have just been informed that Artisan Entertainment (artisanent.com) will be releasing the entire Twin Peaks series on DVD in November 2000.      Mysticism... Humor... David Duchovny in drag. David Warner on TV.  David Lynch with a hearing aid! And Harry S. Truman! Peggy Lipton!  Diners!<br /> The owls are not what they seem!
B00003CWL5|4.0|This film reminded me of the kind of movies that Hollywood turned out in the early seventies. The formula went kind of like this: American Dream turns to middle class nightmare / Dad smokes pot, grows his hair long &amp;  gets fired / Mom moves to a commune in New Mexico. Bruce Dern starred in  about 200 of these flicks. American Beauty sticks fairly close to this  formula with a few twists thrown in. Kevin Spacey is so convincing that  he's spooky. AB is similar in many ways to &quot;Happiness&quot;, an  independent film that was released about two years ago. Both share the same  doomed outlook towards their protagonists. Summary: Worth seeing if only  for the fact that Hollywood rarely makes (or recognizes with awards) dark  films.
B00003W8NM|5.0|This movie for some reason has been regarded as a violent movie about some men angry at each other.  If you think this then you are far from right.  This movie is increbibly deep.  Its one of those movies that makes you  think about life after you leave the theater(or your tv room in this case).   This movie adds comedy to a powerful, insightful, and dramatical story  line.  I dont want to ruin the plot by telling you it but all i have to say  is that brad pitt has the preformance of his carear(as that cool guy you  girls all love) and edward norton delievers yet again another perfect  insane individual.  GO BUY IT......you wont be disatisfied.
B00004T8RK|4.0|Having listened to all the PJ albums I have to say that this is one of the best. When I first heard it I was concerned that it was not going to be any good live, how wrong was I. I've just come back from the London concert and  it was sensational.  There is not as much raw feeling in this album as  there has been in an album like ten, this album is mature there is a  certain amount of emotion and it will certainly grow on you, one of the  best.
6302581907|5.0|I am a big Whoopi Goldberg fan, and I especially loved this movie because the language in it was not as bad as some of the others.  That goes to show you that you can actually act in a movie without using the &quot;f&quot;  word.<br />The entire cast was superb, but I was a little disappointed to find  out that Sister Mary Robert did not do her own singing (sorry, I've  forgotten Wendy's real last name).  I saw it about 20 times before the  credits showed me that Andrea Robinson actually did the solos for Sister  Mary Robert.<br />Sister Mary Patrick was so funny.  Kathy Najimy is a great  actress and kinda sorta reminds me of me.  She loves great music, and talks  a lot.<br />Maggie Smith was great as the Reverend Mother, and changed her  tune from cautious to open admiration of Sister Mary Clarence before the  end of the show.  I always did like a happy ending.<br />What Mary Clarence  did for those poor singing nuns is beyond belief.  She took a group of  women who could probably sing alone okay, but were terrible singing in a  group, and turned them into a choir that every church in the world wishes  they had.<br />I would highly recommend Sister Act to all viewers.
B00003CX5A|4.0|I love the idea of the headless horseman, and this movie gives it a so-so treatment. The filming is beautifully gothic - and definitely Burtinesque, but is not as good as some of his others.<br />Maybe I'm stuck on the Disney  cartoon version, but I would have rather seen a bumbling Ichabod than  Johnny Depp's scientific policeman approach. He did OK, and so did  Christina Ricci.<br />There is little violence (that you see on camera) but I  still wouldn't show this movie to anyone under 7 years old...
6303140157|2.0|I did not like Sister Act (Back in the Habit) at all.  The kids in it were so mean and so rebellious at the first, gluing Sister Mary Clarence to her chair, that I could not forgive them.  Even though they won the singing  championship, I did not feel they deserved it.  I really thought the group  that when they sang, the St. Francis girls said, &quot;They're good,  they're really, really good,&quot; should have won first place.<br />I loved  Whoopi and the nuns, and I really took a liking to Father Thomas and  Ignacious.  My favorite part of the movie was where Father Thomas was  driving the bus, and he really should not have been.  It was pretty  funny.<br />However, I'm only rating this movie two stars because I felt the  kids in it did not need to behave the way they did.  I have no respect for  children who do whatever the heck they want to do, even when their parent  objects, and then gets a sweet little slap on the back for doing it.  I  feel Rita's mother should have been a little angrier at being disobeyed,  even though I felt the mother, too, was wrong in thinking you couldn't put  food on the table with singing.  I happen to love singing, I sing at  church.  And if singing couldn't put food on the table, then what about all  those Christian singers like Sandi Patti and Michael W. Smith who do just  fine eating and singing?<br />I feel this movie could have been a lot better  planned than it was, and if there is ever a Sister Act 3, I hope it is more  like the first one.
0553214632|5.0|Because Darwin's &quot;Origin&quot; may be published by anyone, there are various editions available that seemingly differ only in price and introduction. In fact, however, among the various published versions of the  &quot;Origin,&quot; there is a difference vastly more important than price  and intro -- that is, which *edition* is being published.  Harvard and  Penguin publish the first edition of the &quot;Origin,&quot; whereas  Bantam, Modern Library, and Prometheus Books publish the sixth  edition.<br />For almost every purpose, the first edition is the only version  worth reading. Aside from its overwhelmingly superior historical merit, the  argument in the first edition is shorter, livelier, and more persuasive  than the one in the sixth edition, where Darwin includes concessions to  physicists such as Kelvin, which were ultimately proven unnecessary (as  Kelvin's claims were shown to be in serious error).  These erroneous  concessions forced Darwin to mistakenly add several non-Darwinian arguments  to his later editions.<br />So, if you want to read the book that changed  biology forever, then read the &quot;Origin&quot; as it was originally  written:  buy the Harvard or Penguin copies.
0784011931|5.0|Most sequels are criticised because they are just inferior rehases of the original film. &quot;Terminator 2 - Judgement Day&quot; is that rare thing - a sequel that is as good, if not better, than the original. James Cameron  piles on the grit, black humor and superb action in what is a worthy sequel  to his 1984 horror fantasy classic &quot;The Terminator&quot;. As well as a  great story, this film has eye-popping special effects (which set new  cinematic standards back in 1991 and still look incredible) and one of the  most invincible villans ever imagined.<br />Arnold Schwarzanegger makes a  re-appearence here as the Terminator, but this time he is the good guy. He  is sent back through time to protect a young boy called John Connor (Edward  Furlong) from the T-1000 Super Cyborg, (Robert Patrick), a more advanced  Terminator whose liquid metal shape changing abilities make him seemingly  unstoppable. John Connor will eventually grow up to become the future world  leader and save mankind, which is why the T-1000 wants to kill him.<br />This  film also benefits from great performances from its human stars. John  Connor (Furlong) and his mother Sarah Connor (making a reappearence here,  played by Linda Hamilton) make the characters seem very believable - so the  viewer feels sympathy towards them. Schwarzanegger also adds nice deadpan  humor - &quot;Were you gonna kill him?&quot; John Connor asks  Schwarzanegger of one victim. &quot;Of course I was&quot; snaps the big  man. &quot;I`m a Terminator&quot;.<br />The British viewer gets extra value  for money here, as there is extra footage not seen in UK Cinemas. Hasta la  vista, baby!
B00000DFSK|4.0|U2 was one of the biggest names in rock 'n roll in the 1980's, and this album wraps up the essence of that decade into one package. Some of U2's most recognizable songs are to be found right in here. This album presents  the classic U2 that is sorely missing these days; the energetic no-fear  type of style, the unmistakable voice of Bono (one of my favorite voices  anywhere in the rock world), and the trademark U2 songwriting.<br />My rating  of 4 reflects my general feelings toward U2's music - like it but not get  too excited about. One catch - the early 1990's songs from Achtung Baby  should have also been included. If this album was strictly a 1980's  collection, then why wait until late 1998 to release it?
0385484518|5.0|A truly uplifting book with a positive take on many end of life issues.  I laughed and cried.  This is one book I will never forget, and I will probably read it again many times in my life.
B0000028P8|5.0|I bought this CD because of its low price (after all, it was only an EP) and the Jackson 5 remake. Granted, I was familiar with Mariah Carey already and counted myself as her fan, but this album really brought it home.  Compared to overwrought studio productions, which had been plaguing Mariah  already in the Emotions album, this album reduces everything down to vocals  and acoustics; Mariah's voice is meant for this type of setting.<br />Nice  start to the first track, &quot;Emotions,&quot; which is vastly different  and more dramatic than the studio recording; it is then followed by  &quot;If It's Over,&quot; a song co-written by Carole King, which really  comes alive in this setting. &quot;Someday&quot; was more of an attempt to  prove the critics that Mariah's high-pitched whines were indeed real, so  not much of an impression there. &quot;Vision of Love&quot; was slightly  better than studio. It is in &quot;Make It Happen&quot; where it is evident  that pure acoustics and vocals do Mariah far more justice than overdone  studio productions - I can hardly stand the studio version! Same thing with  the encore track, &quot;Can't Let Go.&quot; Let's not forget &quot;I'll Be  There,&quot; in my opinion the raison d'etre for this album; Mariah's  excellent vocals are well backed up by Trey Lorenz, an incredible vocalist  in his own right.<br />The only shortcoming to this album is that the  selections are rather shallow, but Mariah was still a newcomer in March  1992, and did not have a huge selection of hits back then. A live album  released in 1994 or 1995 would be more representative of Mariah's catalog,  with the popular, powerful Music Box hits included; however, live concerts  from that period are available in video only. But this is vastly superior  to anything that she releases these days; nowadays even her concerts are  overproduced, if the Rainbow tour in early 2000 was of any indication, a  very sad development indeed.
B000003TA4|5.0|Contrary to the rating above, I give this album a rating of as many stars as one cares to place on the page.  I heard &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; on MTV years ago, and so I bought the album--trying to ignore  the rather vulgar part of the cover--and I listened to only a couple songs  on it, which was a mistake.  I gradually began to listen to others, and  then decided that Nirvana was my favorite band.  They are not as loud as  other rock bands that I like, such as Korn, but Kurt was a hell of a writer  and performer.  His lyrics are sort of surreal, and Kurt seems to have a  focus on sickness and disease in some songs, but that was probably how he  felt in his mind while writing some of these due to his troubles with  heroin that led to his untimely and saddening demise.  He truly knew what  he was doing when it came to music, though.  His songs inspired an entire  generation.  Anyone that has not heard or bought this album definitely  should.  In Utero is also one of their best.  I hope people will give this  a chance, and learn to like it if they are skeptical.
B00003CXDV|4.0|GalaxyQuest managed to both make fun of and fully participate in the bizarre hubbub around all science fiction, and Star Trek in particular.  The fact that it can mock without being mean makes it a particularly nicely  balanced movie.  Very funny performances by all concerned, though Sigourney  Weaver got less character development than the two leading men.  Maybe  that's just part of the homage to traditionally sexist s/f.  Alan Rickman  and Tim Allen both do very well, and I may even forgive Tim for the  horrendously unfunny Home Improvement.  :)
B00000J7JO|5.0|I bought this because of &quot;Scar Tissue&quot; and &quot;Otherside,&quot; and I believe that those two are the best.  Some might criticize me for liking the single-type songs best, but that's okay.   Otherside is my favorite, and it is kind of sad, with a reference to  suicide in the chorus and such.  The music video is cool, and a bit  surreal.  Scar Tissue is louder, but it is still sort of sad.  Still, this  is a very good album.  I encourage people to buy it.
B000001F6N|4.0|Granted, John Mayall's vocals are just this side of terrible; it wasn't until his Silvertone releases that Mayall's voice became anywhere near convincing.  But that's not what you should be buying this for.  You should  be buying this to listen to the excellent group playing, and of course  Peter Green's guitar.  Peter is a more subtle and more soulful player than  Eric Clapton, and his instrumental here, &quot;The Supernatural,&quot; is  the blueprint from which Carlos Santana has built nearly every solo he's  ever played.  Even though this CD does contain one of the worst versions of  &quot;Dust My Broom&quot; (here called &quot;Dust My Blues&quot;) ever  recorded, this CD is well worth having for fans of blues guitar, period.  Peter Green is the man who B.B. King said gave him the chills, and he never  said that about Eric Clapton - or any other guitarist for that matter.
B00001NFCY|5.0|(You can tell that I am not in the titling business.)  I bought this CD the other day, and I of course knew what to expect, but I guess it is my duty to inform others.  My favorite is &quot;What If,&quot; which I heard  on X-103--a rock/alt radio station in Indianapolis for anyone outside the  listening range--a few times.  It is a very loud song, and it doesn't seem  much like a Creed song, but it is awesome nonetheless.  &quot;Higher&quot;  is my second favorite, and I heard it from the music video on MTV, and I  have liked it ever since.  It's not exactly a head-banging song--which is  how it is depicted in the video--but it is uplifting, and has a nice beat.   I would recommend that anyone that likes Creed-ish music buy this album.
B00000JCB2|5.0|Limp Bizkit are the current kings of rap/metal.  Songs like &quot;Nookie&quot; and &quot;Breakstuff&quot; have set the standard for this genre.  And not too many bands do this kind of music, and I like that  because I'm tired of groups put out music that's already been done millions  of times before by others just like them.  I just don't get the logic of  the negative reviewers:  MTV likes Limp Bizkit, so Limp Bizkit must be bad  - what kind of stupid, retarted logic is that?  Should our government call  a halt to the search for a cure for cancer if Saddam Hussein indicated his  support?  When I go out to buy CD's I don't give a care who MTV likes or  not.
0140282033|2.0|Chocolat is an ambitious novel that attempts to set up a classic good versus evil duel set against the backdrop of a closed-minded little town.  Harris's writing is appealing, but the story is predictable and the  characters are cookie-cutter sterotypes.  <br />I gave Chocolat two stars  instead of one because the parts of the novel that tell the story of  Vianne's migrations with her mother and with her daughter are compelling,  as are the vignettes in which she interweaves cooking and magic.  Harris  obviously has a lively imagination and has led a fascinating life, but the  plot takes an early turn for the obvious and follows through to the end in  like fashion.
0393314804|5.0|There are loads of books written about the drug- oriented subcultures of the modern world, but personally I rate Trainspotting high above the rest of them. Even though the book is graphic and shocking, it's not only that:  it's deep and  philosopihical - and very, very melancholy. Welsh makes the  characters really come alive. They are not nice people, but they _are_  people, real people with real lives, however fictional. It takes an open  mind to get into Trainspotting, not for conservatives - but all the better  for just that. The movie is good, but the book is a lot better.
1853260002|5.0|It feels a little strange and even presumptuous to review Jane Austen online.  I was prompted to do so when reading other reviews dismissing Pride and Prejudice as nothing more than a silly romance and a relic of a  bygone era.<br />It would be silly to suggest that the social mores and  manners that Austen skewered are unchanged.  Young women are no longer  dependent on a husband simply for food and shelter, and I have no intention  of spending my life in a drawing room trimming hats and sewing screens.  But it would also be silly to suggest that Austen's tale offers nothing to  the modern reader.  Even in our enlightened age, young women in indelicate  situations are pressured by their humiliated families into unfortunate  marriages.  Manifestations of social standing may differ, but money,  education, and other modern expressions of social class still play more of  a role in the choice of spouses than most of us would wish to admit.  And  to this day, young men and women alike are mortified by their families in  public situations, justified or unjustified.<br />To fully appreciate  Austen's sense of humor takes a bit of effort on the reader's part, but  once acclimated to the language the hilarity of the book becomes apparent.  Pride and Prejudice proves that classics need not be dull; Austen had a  lively and sharp wit.  If you are truly put off by the language, and don't  get the humor, it's actually worthwhile to find a good production on video  and rent it.  The BBC version produced in the 1990's is long, but a very  faithful and extremely well-cast adaptation that does an excellent job of  translating Austen's humor onto the screen.
0670834513|5.0|My second graders laughed with delight throughout the short chapter book,  and gave a rousing cheer at the very end! We all enjoyed Esio Trot  tremendously.  This is one of my new favorites in Roald Dahl books.
0374172897|5.0|After reading the prologue, wherein Virginia Woolf drowns herself, I became hooked, nearly possessed with this short little novel.  I read it in the morning, during lunch breaks, at night, whenever I got the chance.  For  those four days I was completely at the mercy of The Hours.  Why? Because  its  prose is lyrical and expertly crafted; my brain thrived on it.  There  is not one superfluous word.  Every one counts and adds to the total  effect.  What I liked most was how Cunningham tied together three seemingly  separate stories with grace; and I thought they WERE separate until the end  of the book.  I was surprised by the ending, and I enjoyed the strong  feelings that the book, in its totality, invoked.  Afterward, I went out  and bought all of Michael Cunningham's books.  This is fine, fine writing  and anybody who enjoys such writing will be rewarded.
158234082X|3.0|Ok..I liked the book. But, after being in the same business Mr. Boudrain is...I must say that what he paints as standard procedure in all restaurant kitchens is simply not the case. Like I said..I liked the book, but I find  myself wondering if Mr. Bourdain spent his years training on a pirate ship.  <br />Peter Vazquez , Chef/Owner Marisol Restaurant                           (hello S.M.)
B00004ST9Q|2.0|This review is made purely on the basis of the DVD content and bears no reflection on Whitney herself or her great singing voice or the quality of the music within the DVD. <br />However, it is clear that Arista have rushed  out this DVD out with no real understanding of what tracks Whitney's fans  rate as their greatest hits.  The big question for me, is, where are the  videos for  Exhale (shoop shoop, Hurt so Bad and Count on Me? To do a diva  such as Whitney and her fans true justice, it should have been a 2 disc  set, which should have included ALL the videos to ALL her single releases  and any unseen videos, which might not have been released in addition to  extra footage on this DVD, now that  would have kept me and many others  happy! The only thing, I can say is that Arista have made a real hash of  it, showing no real understanding of her worldwide fan base and also a lack  of respect towards a superb diva, who is  simply the best (as her record  sales would indicate).  The only saving grace was that there was none of  those horrendous DJ mixes on the  DVD, as there is on the Greatest Hits CD!  <br />ARISTA YOU DROPPED THE BALL, WHITNEY DESRVED BETTER!
6304346107|5.0|Usually, when one really loves a book, any adaptation, no matter how well made, pales in comparison with our own internal images of the characters, settings, anything and everything that makes the story come alive for us.   This version, however, directed by Diarmuid Lawrence and with Kate  Beckinsale's inestimable Emma, was absolutely stunning.  I never imagined  that any movie adaptation would mirror my own visual and intellectual  interpretations so closely.  Each performance, each location, each line of  dialogue is exquisitely crafted and beautifully stylized.  I can't praise  it highly enough.  Gwenyth who?...
B00001U0DP|5.0|Wow. This film not only managed to amaze me and make me laugh as it sucked me into the story, but it made me cry, which is unusual for me when I watch a movie. I congratulate Mr. B. on his amazing talent that he put to good  use on this superb film. After the film was over I just sat in deep  thought. It really made me appreciate the gifts of life and LOVE and family  which God has given to all. Benissimo Lavore, Alberto! I have not seen a  more wholesome and heartwarming, fun yet thought provoking, exhilirating  yet also deeply anguish filled movie since the classic &quot;It's a  Wonderful Life&quot; Both of these films are a tribute to the human spirit  and the effect we can have for good on those around us.
B00000ADG2|5.0|I bought this cd with a gift certificate and I had no idea what to buy.  I was ready for a dissapointment.  But I was definetely not dissapointed, in fact this cd has become one of my favorites.  Every time I listen to it I  discover new things in the songs and the music, its a cd that i won't get  tired of for a long time.  My favorites songs are &quot;Lost Ones&quot;,  &quot;To Zion&quot; and &quot;Every Ghetto, Every City.&quot;
079072961X|5.0|You know the story - what makes the movie great is   Tommy Lee Jones as the Marshall and Harrison Ford as the fugitive.  This movie could not have been cast better.  Additionally, the supporting cast is equally  outstanding.  Great DVD...one of those rare movies that you can watch over  and over.
B00003W8NM|4.0|Under the incredible violence is a well acted, directed, and very thought-provoking entertaining movie. Edward Norton and Brad Pitt are surprisingly good in lead roles. Great ending.
0446604844|5.0|I found this book to be one of the best I have read.  I started reading it and finished it in one day.  I could not put it down, I just had to know what happened to certain characters and who was responsible for everything.
0425170349|4.0|CIA blackops John Clark creates and leads an international anti-terrorist team that has the capability to enter any country's borders.  Despite its rather outrageous Hollywood-style plot (no spoilers), the charm here is how  Clancy pulls this plot off and not be silly in a realistic frame of mind.   The book doesn't suffer and bog down from the heavy technical details  usually criticized against Clancy's previous books Sum of All Fears and  Debt of Honor.  It's actually relatively easier to read than Sum despite  its near 900 page count. I can't help thinking that this book is somehow  Clancy's way of giving the middle finger on groups like PETA and  Greenpeace.  It's not because he disagrees with the philosophy of caring  for your planet and animals, it's the priority and hipocrisy these people  sometimes display.  This issue is seen through one of the major characters  in the book, the ex-KGB spy Popov.  I must say he is the most interesting  character in the book and I can relate to him in many ways. The rescue  operations conducted by Rainbow Six in this book are still possible  scenarios.  Someone in the past here criticized these scenarios as being so  '70's era.  I must disagree, just early this year, there've been at least 2  airline hijacking.  It's also a continuing problem in my country.  This  book to me serves as a certain appeasement for revenge.  This feeling is  also evident in the good guys in this book.  So, I would have to say this  feeling certainly is not corny.
B000002H6C|5.0|Ok, I just got into Metallica.  I liked their new stuff but I love their older stuff.  My car system can't even handle the base on some of these songs. I love this album and recommend it to all who like true Heavy Metal.   This is one of my top albums I own, and I own a lot.
B000021XR5|1.0|When I heard the single &quot;Down&quot; i thought STP was moving back to it's older, and much better, material. But they sold out on the rest of the songs I was very dissapointed in even buying the album.  If you want to  here true STP listen to their older music
0881030856|5.0|This could possibly be my favorite book of all time.  The characters in this were amazing and were portrayed as smart creatures, it being no fault of their own that they do not know certain things.  The situations were  almost humanlike, but it was better not about humans.  Very good book, a  must read.  And when you have finished, you must read the sequal!
B00004T9UF|5.0|I bought this CD on it's release date and I listened to it the whole way home.  I think that this CD it great.  I loved the Slim Shady LP.  He talked about coming from Rock Bottom and getting all the way to the top.  I  also love the Marshall Mathers LP.  He explains how he got ideas for songs  on the Slim Shady LP.  The MMLP shows how the songs &quot;Bonnie &amp;  Clyde '97&quot; coincide with &quot;Kim&quot;.  I am a huge fan of Eminem  and I love his work!
B000022TSV|4.0|This is perhaps the difinitive version of Carmen to see on a TV set. Domingo is fantastic and so is Migenes. You should be aware that in this &quot;Movie&quot; there are a number of places where music was acutally  composed and entered into the Bizet Score. If you know the opera, those  sections stick out like a sore thumb - if not, it will pass you by and you  probably will not notice any difference. Great acting, singing, and  orchestral playing. Enjoy!
B00000BKDX|5.0|This is it, the PINNACLE of Iron Maiden's career. This album cannot be described in words, it must be heard and felt on a very loud level. Maiden's greatest songs off their first four studio albums are spectacular  in a live set. Maiden's reign over the metal masses slowly declined after  this (future albums just weren't as forceful, maybe even a little  commercial and then they lost Bruce). But the power of this album and these  songs are what Maiden continues to go back to. Who would want to go to a  Maiden concert and not hear 'Number of the Beast, Run to the Hills,  Sanctuary, Running Free, or Hallowed be thy Name? If you even have a little  interest in Iron Maiden this is the one album to get for an introduction  that will blow you away. The only thing better than this album is the video  of the show shot in Los Angelas on a Friday night. Hear Bruce explain how  the Queen of England used to smoke dope, or how &quot;MTV bands&quot;  couldn't sell out a toilet. Ask any Maiden fan, and they'll spend a day  telling you how great 'Live After Death' is.
6304458304|4.0|One of Eastwood's best performances as a Secret Service agent. The movie is a well-made thriller and Eastwood has never been better Additionally, John Malkovich is the perfect bad guy.  My only complaint with the DVD is  it offers no &quot;extras&quot;.  Still, it looks and sounds good.
1573221562|5.0|By 1873, in her late twenties, upper class Margaret Prior tries kill herself to end her unhappy life following a failed love affair. She also fails at suicide and by the fall of 1874, as part of her recuperation,  Margaret begins visiting London,s Millbank Women,s Prison, home of  convicted murderers and thieves who almost all claim their  innocence.<br /><br />However, one individual, the spiritualist Selina Dawes,  connects on an emotional level with Margaret. Selina has been imprisoned  because of the death of an elderly patron at a seance she hosted. Selina  begins to send tokens of her affection to Margaret via her  &quot;associate&quot; Peter. Margaret finally decides to free her  &quot;future&quot; lover and herself from the solid and imaginary walls  that separate them even if it means risking her life.<br /><br />AFFINITY is a  powerful yet detailed Victorian tale centering on relationships, especially  that forbidden by society between two women. The story line is drawn along  two paths, Margaret's current diary and Selina's journal of her  pre-incarceration days. Surprisingly, this technique works as readers  obtain a juxtaposition glimpse at Selina from her own view and that of her  wannabe lover. With homage to the authors of that era, Sarah Waters shows  she is a rare talent who demonstrates that emotion and intellect do not  often go hand in hand as human frailty intercedes.<br /><br />Harriet Klausner
6305648522|5.0|The plot is simple.  The way the movie flows from one instance in the boy's life to the next is very much like life itself.  The director lets you see how he grows and what paths he's taken and how that affects him in  later years.  I truly would place this movie in the same company as a  'Casablanca' or 'The Bicycle Thief'.  A movie that you won't mind watching  over and over again with friends.  It's been 10 years now since I first saw  it and have seen it many times since.  Probably the best ending to a movie  that I've ever seen.
B00003CWL6|4.0|The beginning of the film remains great. An unhappy man, Lester Burnham (played nicely by Kevin Spacey) trapped in an ordinary and pathetic existence. His equally unhappy wife, Carolyn (played Robotically by Annette Benning), and daughter Jane, feel their own personal pain but can't seem to express their feelings to each other. The set up of the film is brilliant. It's a shame it's follow through isn't. Instead, it goes down a one way course of adolescent, trivial nonesense where Lester tries to find some sort of meaning to life by quiting his job, smoking pot and lusting after his daughter's friend, Angela. Too bad Lester doesn't do something significant and daring, the film isn't set up that way. It's takes cliche's one after another, but works out fairly well. The charm of the film relies on Kevin Spacey's humor, which won't disappoint. But the film also takes a downside when trying to delve into Carolyn's life. She has the cliche affair with another man, which doesn't ever seem to pan out. We're left with a robotic image and characature of an unhappy housewife, not a human being. <BR>And then there's the teenage aspect. With Jane, everything seems at odds. But then again, that's what being a teenager is all about. With her new love interest, who can't stop filming stuff, it seems interesting. And then the ending, which seems so poetic, so lyrical, it's beautiful. This movie had so much potential to be great. Too bad it wasn't.
B0000029LG|5.0|I remember the exact day this CD came out, June 20th, 1995. For about a month 'Scream' had been playing on the radio, the video had premired just days before(still the best special effect video ever, I'd have to say) and  the Diane Sawyer interview with Lisa Marie had just aired. Michael Jackson  had all the hype, and this album was worth every bit of it! I could sit  here all day talking about the classic 'older' cuts such as 'Billie Jean',  'Beat It', 'Black Or White', Man In The Mirror' and 'Don't Stop 'Til You  Get Enough', but I really don't think you need to hear that 'cause I mean  you've heard all those songs about million times before each. It's the new  songs that deserve a long intro. The duet with Janet Jackson 'Scream' is  the greatest duet either of them have done (though Michael's 1983 duet with  Paul McCartney 'Say Say Say' challenges). 'They Don't Care About Us' proves  why Michael is a true artist. It is the message, the meaning behind the  music is what this song is about. And because I bought this record the day  it came out I have the version where Michael says the controversial line of  'Jew Me'. True rage in the line. This is one of the greatest songs he has  ever written, and there have been a few. He got a lot of slack for not  rising above the 1993 scandal, but so what? It only proves his artistry I  believe, because a true artist will express his feeling rather than just  following the mold of 'hip young artists'. 'Stranger In Moscow' is  wonderful as are 'This Time Around' and 'Earth Song.' What other  contemporary artist has as much meaning in their music? No one, thats who.  I've got the same initials as the No.6 song 'D.S' not why I like the song,  but its kind of cool. The song rocks, a great heavy beat with Slash playing  guitar. 'Money' with R.Kelly singing backing is great, the meaning exactly  what drives the world today. A thing he should only know all to well. The  only song I don't like on this CD is 'Come Together', it is a great cover,  but seems out of place here. 'You Are Not Alone' is a great song, but it  too seems a little odd here, obviously put on the album to sell more  copies. It was the first song to debut at No.1 on the Billboard Hot 100,  not that that makes it a great song, but I just thought you'd like to know.  'Childhood' is a bit to sappy for me, but the message is great and  Michael's vocals are better here than ever. 'Tabloid Junkie' is great, one  of the best on the CD, the greatest refrain he has had in years with 'Just  because you read it in a magazine or see it on a TV screen don't make it  factual' is great. Truth, that is what this CD is about. '2Bad' rocks,  great beat. 'HIStory' is a little too cluttered with audio clips, the  verses leave something to be desired but the chorus is great. 'Little  Susie' is a stark telling of the death of a young girl. Beautiful  orchestration, a little sappy, but great musicality here. Finaly 'Smile' is  a great cover tune, Michael's voice is superb here. This CD is great  because it has a story behind it. We all know where he was comming from  before he realesed this album, and where he has been since, but what  reamins true is the music and the messages behind it. Five Out Of Five.
B00003W8NM|2.0|Fight Club, directed by David Fincher (Seven, The Game), is a visually stunning film with an incredible beginning and a wonderful cast. Too bad the film went downhill. Based on an insanse book by a writer who never believed in paragraphs, the movie is filled with darkness, chaos, and mayhem. Edward Norton plays an unidentified narrator, who has an equally anonymous life. It's so anonymous that even he doesn't know what his life consists of. He meets a manic-depressive named Marla Singer (Helena Bonham Carter), the greatest character of the film, who graces the screen in dollar dresses that were once worn at funerals and weddings. Then, our hero meets Tyler Durden, and the film makes a huge mistake. Tyler encompasses everything that one should not aspire to be. He's a terrorist/philosopher/maniac/megalomaniac who preaches to the X-generation, making soap and bombs and telling everyone that they are worthless and meaningless. Fincher shouldn't have taken this route, it's teenaged, unbelievable, and uninteresting. And it's a shame too. The beginning so is amazing, that if Tyler Durden were not in the film, this could have been an incredible film. <BR>Anyway, Durden, played by Brad Pitt, convinces insecure men that they can find a zen like state by beating each other up. The idea is funny, but the reality isn't, and the film devotes an hour to this concept. Then, things get worse... as does the film. Just watch the first twenty minutes, then turn it off. Or skip through the film and watch the scenes with Marla.
B000003S5H|4.0|This doesn't sound at all like by-the-numbers electronica. It's got some fresh-sounding synths, and it's also got some great acoustic sounds in the mix, like the guitar line in &quot;All I Need&quot;, the  easy-listening-style horn lead on &quot;Ce Matin La&quot; (which isn't a  criticism--here it works!), and what sounds like real live drums on many of  the songs (along with low-key wood blocks, maracas, and other interesting  percussion). Some of the songs veers toward the ambient, like the terrific  opener &quot;La Femme D'Argent&quot;, while other tracks have closer to a  relaxed pop sound, like the vocoder-driven &quot;Kelly Watch the  Stars&quot; and &quot;Remember&quot;. Beth Hirsch's vocals on &quot;All I  Need&quot; and &quot;You Make It Easy&quot; are definitely another  attraction.<br />If you want your electronica to serve up driving dance beats,  look elsewhere. This is slower-tempo lazy day music. But it's terrific  music to just listen to--it's good as background music, but it also  definitely rewards closer listening with headphones.
B000002JSN|1.0|All I can say is that I am glad I do not live in America if they play a band like Led Zeplin all the time on the raidio.
B00004T9UF|5.0|Eminem, the Detroit-based rapper and Dr. Dre protégé, kicked off his career in spectacular fashion by shoving a stick of dynamite down the pants of popular culture. While specializing in vulgar, razor-tongued lyrical  excursions designed to offend just about everyone, repeated listens to his  debut, Slim Shady, revealed that beyond the barmy shock tactics there  lurked an occasionally witty, sometimes not entirely despicable artist.  <br />That small achievement must not have sat entirely well with Eminem, who  goes completely nuts on his sophomore release, The Marshall Mathers LP.  While the essence remains the same -- snotty, rapid-fire raps delivered  over Dre's surrealistic funk -- the words are now injected with a new  industrial strength venom that make the last album seem like Hanson's  Christmas disc. <br />Eminem not only takes spiked shots at his enemies  (former lover Kim Scott, Insane Clown Posse) and MTV peers (Christina  Aguilera, 'NSync, Britney Spears), he turns his incredibly offensive  vitriol on sacred cows including paralyzed actor Christopher Reeve and late  fashion designer Gianni Versace. And in a move certain to turn the delicate  balance of the hip-hop world on its head, he even suggests bedding Puff  Daddy's girlfriend, Jennifer Lopez. The man is fearless. <br />&quot;On this  sea, on this earth, and since birth / I've been cursed, with this  curse,&quot; he raps on the so-confessional-it-hurts &quot;The Way I  Am.&quot; Indeed, if these words were coming out of anyone else's mouth  they would seem obscene. But Eminem has an innocence and eloquence to his  craft that is truly inexplicable. It makes lines like, &quot;Since this  chainsaw left his brains all / danglin' from his neck, while his head  barely hangs on,&quot; from &quot;Kill You,&quot; sound riveting and  perversely funny. Guilty pleasures rarely get as good as this.
0060930187|4.0|\\"The Bell Jar.\\"  What is a bell jar anyway? This is what I asked myself when I picked the book off the shelf.  The dictionary's definition of a bell jar is a bell shaped container or cover made of glass used to keep  gases, air, or moisture out.  This relates to the book because Esther feels  as though her insanity or mental instability is causing her to be shut out  from the rest of the world much like the bell jar shuts out the air.   Esther feels almost suffocated by her own insecurities and on her road to  psychological recovery she says that the closer she becomes to being cured,  the more the bell jar is lifted and she can finally breathe.<br /> The  book is an autobiography on the troubled author Sylvia Plath.  In the book  you can definitely see the parallels between Sylvia and the main character,  Esther.<br /> The book opens with Esther sympathizing with the Rosenbergs  who had just been executed for espionage.  Esther says she wonders how it  would feel to have her nerves fried like the Rosenbergs had.  This offers  the reader an example of foreshadowing.  Although Esther has not said  anything about suicide yet, this does show that there is some what of an  interest on this topic that has not yet surfaced. <br /> Esther is very  bright and is in New York working at a New York magazine.  She is there on  a scholarship she had won.  She temporarily lives in a an all girls hotel.   She has two close friends in New York, the first being a southern belle  named Doreen.  Doreen was very audacious and a definite rule breaker.   Esther felt as though she shouldn't be hanging out with Doreen because of  her bad habits but being with Doreen always provides a fun and adventurous  time.  The other of Esther' s friends is a slender blonde named Betsy.   Betsy was very proper and sophisticated.  She was the opposite of what  Doreen was.  <br /> Another person in this novel which really plays a  large role in Esther' s life is her \\"acquaintance\\" Buddy Willard.  Buddyhas Tuberculosis and lives in a TB sanitarium,  Although we are introduced  to Buddy as just an acquaintance we later find out Buddy actually had a  relationship with Esther.  Esther then learns of an affair Buddy had over  the summer. In an attempt to even the score with Buddy she tries to sleep  with a man, (Constantin) she had met. This plan falls through and they just  fall asleep. Buddy then invites Esther to the Yale Junior Prom.  Buddy also  \\"reveals\\" himself to Esther and she asks him if he really did have an  affair and it proves to be true.  This shatters Esther's dream of the two  being together.  Although he later asks her to marry him Esther declines.   <br /> Esther then starts to feel a little depressed and this is when  Doreen sets Esther up with a Peruvian woman-hater named Marco.  This is the  man that in my opinion will change Esther' s life forever. At first he  dazzles her with a diamond but he later expects something in return and he  tries to rape her.  Esther then goes back to the hotel and in a rage throws  all her clothes off the roof.  I took this incident as a metaphor for her  throwing her life in New York away and sadly returning to her grief  stricken life at home in Wellesly.  She leaves New York that night to head  home.  Upon her return home she learns that the summer course she had hoped  to take at Harvard did not accept her.  This will start her first and worst  summer at home.  The tuning point in the story is when on top of her  failure to be accepted to the Harvard course, she learns that Buddy is  falling in love with a nurse at the TB clinic.  This presses the bell jar's  edges tightly against the ground.  Knowing this crushing news she goes to  the pharmacist and has her sleeping pill prescription increased.  <br />  Esther is sent to Doctor Gordon a psychiatrist who suggests electro shock  therapy.  After experiencing the treatment she wanted to commit suicide.   She wasn't able to slit her wrists so she takes a multitudeof sleeping  pills and locked herself in the basement.  <br />     Her attempts didn't work  and she awoke in darkness.  She couldn't see and was told she would  eventually meet a nice blind man.  Esther breaks a  thermometer and a ball  of mercury lays on the floor in a few smaller balls and she pushes them  together, and they fuse back into one.  I think this represents her  breakdown, only I don't think her emotions can be put together as easily as  the mercury was.  <br /> She is then moved to a private hospital  where  she gets a female doctor.  Esther gets injections three times a day to  begin her treatment.  From Caplan she is moved to Belsize which is a step  closer to recovery.  Dr. Nolan,  (her new psychiatrist) resumes the shock  therapy and Esther recovers more rapidly.  Esther begins to gain more  privileges and her recovery was almost complete.  Esther then loses her  virginity to a man whom she had met on the steps of a Harvard library named  Irwin.  She was dropped off at her friend Joan's house after hemorrhaging  from intercourse. Joan re-enrolled in Belize, (being a former patient.)   One day Joan wasn't home by curfew and Esther was asked if she knew of her  where abouts.  Esther didn't know and later Joan was found in the  woods.....dead.  After being convinced Joan's suicide was not Esther' s  fault, she is interviewed to be released back to school.  Thus showing that  Esther was finally cured.<br /> The feeling that I got from this book is  overall depression.  The book is sad because Esther's life is full of many  hardships and many things to over come.
B00004R99I|4.0|Though this Disney musical does not have the pure fantasy and magic of their true classic films (Little Mermaid, Beauty and the Beast, Snow White, etc.), it is a beautiful and easy-to-swallow history lesson all the same.  The history, while embellished and changed to contain a love story and a  few forest creatures with sparkling personalities, paints a noble picture  of Native Americans, and is sure to engender conversation in your family.  As pure entertainment, the old Disney touches are here in spades, from the  omnipresent swirling flurries of colored leaves, to the gliding, hypnotic  romps through the rivers and forest, to the melody-soaked score, which  includes the hit Colors of The Wind and the equally lovely Just Around The  Riverbend.  Disney's Pocahontas is a true babe; an independent spirit and a  good foible for the bad guys, who of course show up sooner rather than  later.
0195117298|4.0|There are currently several books dealing with new theories in physics, they are fascinating but I found the \\"End of Time\\" a bit disappointing after all the newspaper hype. What I want in a book of this type are three  things, firstly to be educated on the general theoretical background,  entertainingly presented the history of the subject up to the present day,  secondly the author must, as succinctly as possible, explain their theory;  show where it supports and where it overturns conventional ideas. Finally  the books must present conclusions, sketch out the likely impact of the new  concept. The \\"End of Time\\" devotes many pages to arguments in favour of the  author's thesis, in a way that will bore the general reader but is unlikely  to convince the physicist. Near the end of the book my feeling was ok ok  you win, just tell me the implications, but that's the problem, the author  refuses to speculate, possibly on the spurious grounds that predictions are  impossible in a world without time. In summary a long, confusing and  eventually a frustrating read. If you want to see how a book of this type  should be handled read the unbelievably good \\"The Inflationary Universe\\" by  Alan H. Guth.
B000002P5R|5.0|THIS CD IS REAL GOOD MAN I ESPECIALLY LOVE THE LAST CUT -BELLY BUTTON WINDOW- MAN ITS SO AWSOME IF YOU LIKE JIMMY HENDRIX THIS ONE IS FOR YOU MAN.
B00000K22N|3.0|This is not a box set. It's the original CD in a jewel case (with some of the original artwork removed) and a second, separate CD of the singles in a paper sleeve. There are no additional liner notes. Package wise, it's a  disappointment. Of course, the music is classic. Buy their latest and pass  on this package.
B00000IIXH|3.0|I'm a big Bruce Springsteen fan, so I was excited to listen to 18 Tracks, a representative set of songs from Tracks, Bruce's set of  (mostly) never-before released songs.  Mixed with the better material, like a  terrific acoustic version of Born in the U.S.A, which was originally  recorded at the \\"Nebraska\\" sessions, and the pretty \\"Sad Eyes\\", are a lot  of filler, especially from the late 70's period.  Those songs show poor  songwriting which is so rare from Springsteen.  The better songs do balance  things out, and there are also some good songs from the last several years.
0679720200|5.0|When I initially read this book, I was entirely confused and a bit disturbed at what I had just read.  As I began to research the book and analyze the book, I began to understand it.  The concepts are quite  bizarre... but in the end pleasantly intriguing.  After first reading the  book, I really didn't understand Meursault's character and how all the  events enhance the reader's understanding of his character.  This book was  read for a paper and my teacher told me that Meursault was dynamic.   However, I didn't fully understand how until later.  During the beginning  of the story, Meursault takes a passive role in his life.  The events in  his life don't seem to be happening to him.... just to someone else or  something.  At some point during the trial, Meursault discovers that the  events are truely happening to him.  At this point, he decides to take an  active role in his life.  He chooses not to sit on the sidelines any  longer.  He also want to make useful all the time he has left.  He doesn't  want to waste a moment worrying about God or something else (like when he  spent the whole day watching the people from his window).  He wants to pack  as much into the time he has left and forget about all the past problems  he's had.  He relates to Maman in that he wants to start over, with no  problems or expectations.  His life to come will be much more productive  than the life he lead earlier.  In most reviews of this book, this book has  almost been an example of what not to do.  I, however, have found comfort  in this book in that I think it is an example of what TO do.  You should  live life as if you are not going to be here tomorrow because you never  know what's coming next.  You never know when that sun's going to shine  just right!
6305041156|4.0|Some things are universal. Many worshippers of middle English literature say that about Shakespeare, and in a way they're right: what Shakespeare wrote about (the doubts of leaders, the avarice of merchant-barons, the  laughability of petty concerns) is common to every culture throughout  history. People are people.<br />In this case, Kurosawa has chosen &quot;King  Lear&quot; as his template. The plot summary is simple: an aging benevolent  king has decided to divide his kingdom amongst his sons. However, they are  not all worthy of his trust, and are not content to take one third of his  kingdom when each could have it all. And their treachery is the ruin of  them all.<br />What sets &quot;Ran&quot; apart from other adaptations of  &quot;King Lear&quot; is its stunning visual beauty. &quot;Ran&quot; is  simply breathtaking. The colors are most intense than life itself, yet they  fit the mood. The armies are casts of hundreds, if not thousands, and are  beautifully choreographed (can a medieval battle be compared to a dance?).  The actors are larger-than-life.<br />In fact, it is the presentation of the  actors that prevent a five-star rating. The acting style is very much  &quot;over the top&quot;. This is in keeping with traditional Japanese  kabuki theater, but most American audiences will find this style  heavy-handed (dare we say, Shatner-esque? &quot;My... sonsdon't...  under...STAND me. Spock.&quot;) and it might interfere with an American  audience's experience of the film. And, since despite my attempt to be  &quot;worldly&quot; (whatever THAT means), I remain American, it  matters.<br />At least, to me.<br />Nonetheless I recommend &quot;Ran&quot;. It  illustrates vividly what makes Kurosawa special, and its choice of  Shakespeare is a bridge-building tool that can help someone new to Japanese  film make the transition. If a viewer finds nothing else in this film but  the flawless cinematography, that is more than enough. &quot;Ran&quot; is a  masterpieceby a master filmmaker.
6305426651|5.0|I thought this was one of the best movies ever!  Definelty a &quot;top ten&quot; choice of mine.  I saw it twice in the theatre and now own it.  This movie is totally entertaining from the beginning to end.  A must  see-must own movie!
0783113943|5.0|This moive made me cry. Gia made me see what drugs can do to anybody. Many people like Gia felt that they were always in control, but in fact the drugs are. Gia was asked to pick between her lover (Lisa) and drugs. guess  who she pick ? I wish on one goes through what Gia when through. This moive  was sad and in a little way made you feel good inside. Love is a powerful  thing, but so are drugs.
B00003ETJQ|5.0|I all most didn't buy this film because of the reviews that said it has such a bad picture. These people need to get there eyes checked, the picture quality is better than good. You must buy this DVD, it's a great  film with great images. All round good quality.
6304118392|5.0|This is a good movie despite that bad review that dude gave it. This is a good reflection on society today. It just shows that we glorify killers and make them super stars. U should definitely rent this movie and maybe buy  it.<br />herzeleid@mailandnews.com kenny
B000001ES9|3.0|This was the very last Rush album I bought, completing my collection of all of their amazing pieces of work.  I didn't expect to be all that impressed, and it met my expectations.  Without Peart's genius lyricism,  the words on songs like &quot;Need Some Love&quot; and &quot;In the  Mood&quot; make me nearly laugh.  Musically they're basically a Zeppelin  ripoff, but that is to be expected from a young band just finding their  groove (heck, the Beatles started as a cover band).  That said, all Rush  fans should own this album for &quot;Working Man&quot; and &quot;What  You're Doing,&quot; if not just to listen to how the greatest trio in the  history of rock began.
B0000029DD|5.0|Hi, this is Leo_Tunes again.  This is just a plea to whoever mans the webpage database to change &quot;Maynard James Ferguson&quot; to &quot;Maynard James Keenan (of Tool)&quot; in my Jeff Buckley 'Grace'  review.  What the hell was I thinking?  That bugs me - senility is a  horrible thing. &quot;I am just a worthless liar...  I am just an  imbecile...&quot; Thanks.
B00003CWPR|5.0|What a movie!!!! What can I say!!! Thrills, chills and spills. Tom Cruise,  when he rides that motorbike...it makes my legs weak! Rent this, buy it,  steal it....whatever...just see it.
0783225210|4.0|I just love this movie,I don't know what it is,but I can watch it anytime,and still see something new.There's just so much going on,your never bored.John Belushi really steals every scene he's in. The physical  comedy of John's is missed alot. Dan Aykroyd is always fantastic.With his  fast talking,and all of a sudden some word comes out that blows you away. I  also enjoy Treat Williams and his hatred of Eggs. I also can't stand the  taste,touch,or smell of an Eggs.  I die laughing when the fairest wheel  comes off,and rolls off the pier with the dummy screaming. This movie will  live on forever,even though it was  Spielbergs biggest flop.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|If you are an Iron Maiden's fan you will know what I'm talking about.
6305308659|5.0|I knew what this film would be about before I rented it, but I'm stunned that it would be THIS good. Nothing against &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; or &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot;, but this film should have won Best Picture in 1998 and it was a shame that it wasn't nominated. It's an even  bigger injustice that it did not get a nomination for best screenplay or  cinematography.<br />In the hands of another writer, this movie could have  been made as just a parody of 1950's sitcoms like &quot;Leave It To  Beaver&quot; or &quot;Ozzie and Harriet.&quot; But this film isn't about  how clich&eacute;d those series look decades later. It's about the false nostalgia  for a past that never existed. We survived the past and we know that  everything turned out all right. Because of this, we selectively choose our  memories and weed out the unpleasant ones. That's why the past is sometimes  seen as &quot;the good ol' days.&quot; &quot;Pleasantville&quot; does not  represent how the 50's actually were but rather an idealization of what  people THINK the 50's were---no one had sex, everyone got along swell, and  life was fairly easy. Nothing could be further from the truth, and there  are many films from that era which show how real people (even in suburbia)  actually lived. This film argues that free will and choice is ESSENTIAL to  life and that we should embrace freedom instead of fearing it. It isn't  just about making out, but having the OPTION to make out.<br />Another  reviewer claimed that this film was an attack on the 50's, but David and  Jennifer could very easily have been dumped in the world of &quot;The Brady  Bunch&quot;, &quot;Gilligan's Island&quot; , or &quot;Batman.&quot; But  setting &quot;Pleasantville&quot; in a 1950's sitcom allows for the  brilliant metaphor of black and white versus color. Black and white  photography is a stylized depiction of the universe, but unless you're  color blind it's not the way you actually see the universe. When we first  see Pleasantville's citizens, all of them are cardboard cut-outs of  stereotypes. As they begin to open up and become real people, color seeps  into their world. The catalyst seems to be the willingness to experience  new sensations and become vulnerable. Jennifer has slept with lot of guys  when she was in the normal world, so sex does not change HER into a color  character. On the other hand, when she actually finishes a book (without  pictures) for the first time in her life, THEN she becomes colorized.  Similarly, David does not bloom into color until he breaks out of his  aloofness and defends his &quot;mother.&quot; Compare the way he ignores  his real mother at the beginning of the film to how he consoles and  comforts her at the end to see how much David has changed.<br />I could go on  and on, but I think you get the idea. There are a lot of films out there  that are very entertaining and/or very moving--like &quot;Raiders of the  Lost Ark&quot; or &quot;Titanic.&quot; Movies like  &quot;Pleasantville&quot; which challenge the audience and force them to  think are very rare, and should be treasured by the discerning  filmgoer.see Pleasantville's citizens, all of them are cardboard cut-outs of  stereotypes. As they begin to open up and become real people, color seeps  into their world. The catalyst seems to be the willingness to experience  new sensations and become vulnerable. Jennifer has slept with lot of guys  when she was in the normal world, so sex does not change HER into a color  character. On the other hand, when she actually finishes a book (without  pictures) for the first time in her life, THEN she becomes colorized.  Similarly, David does not bloom into color until he breaks out of his  aloofness and defends his &quot;mother.&quot; Compare the way he ignores  his real mother at the beginning of the film to how he consoles and  comforts her at the end to see how much David has changed.<br />I could go on  and on, but I think you get the idea. There are a lot of films out there  that are very entertaining and/or very moving--like &quot;Raiders of the  Lost Ark&quot; or &quot;Titanic.&quot; Movies like  &quot;Pleasantville&quot; which challenge the audience and force them to  think are very rare, and should be treasured by the discerning  filmgoer.
B00000099Y|5.0|Aenema is the sonic equivalent of descending into a hellishchaos of nightmare conceived emotion, only to be lifted upwards intoan explosion of enlightenment and spiritual growth. The album's cover set this sentiment perfectly for me ... a white flash of light.. a near death experience that one must pursue while delighting in the audio landscapes that these incredible musicians have pulled off. And while the essence of your soul is englufed by its uncomprimising dark melodies, and anger filled exploding guitar riffs... and when its all done, your mind and soul have spiraled off into countless tangents... (the eyes of which emerge from the flash of white light)<br />This album defies easy categorization, becuase it is trluy original. This is not the death metal of fear factory / sepultura. Nor is it the subdued, compromised metal of the early 90's grunge era. This is tool. say no more. The music is cerebral and spiritual, and concentrates more on mood and emotion rather than just simply pummeling your brains out of your ears.<br />But as I mentioned before, &quot;Aenema&quot; is MUCH more.  Unlike &quot;Undertow&quot;, Aenema is constantly elapsing into new and ethereal territory, as each track rolls right off the other. These tracks arent really &quot;songs&quot; per say, but they set the mood for the power of each upcoming track. For those of you who consider these &quot;space fillers&quot;, you are COMPLETELY wrong. Great care was taken with respect to the placement of the tracks, so as they could fluctuate the listener's mood as much as possible. If you can't listen to the album all the way through, then you are missing the essence of the album itself. <br />Be sure to check out the cut &quot;Forty Six and 2&quot; which has the best bassline of all time. The subsequent feel to it rings of early goth bands like Joy Division. &quot;Hooker with A Penis&quot; is consumed by gigantic metal-punk guitar riffs while elapsing into the semi melodic song structure that Toolexecutes so very well on this album. The title track is a satirical poke at Hollywood and the pop culture life, as Maynard exclaims in one of the best lyrics of all time : &quot;Here in this hopeless f------ hole we call LA The only way to fix it is to flush it all away. Any f------ time. Any f------ day. Learn to swim, I'll see you down in Arizona bay.&quot; And last but not least is the stunning, and lengthy masterpiece that is &quot;Eulogy&quot;.  &quot;Eulogy&quot; is a symphony for heavy metal. The song structure is highly complex, opening with a soft collage of eerie basslines and soft percussion before being pummeled by loud guitars and maynard's screaming. The song quickly morphs into a defiant, hell ridden piece. In all of its 8 minutes, there is not one minute like an other.<br />But perhaps the best part of this album is Maynard's lyrics. They represent a spiritual journey through darkened realms... whether he yells, sings softly to us, whispers - he is the most dynamic frontman out there today. He is intelligent, as is Tool's music.<br />Heavy Metal as Mozart would have wrote it. Its beautfiful in its structure and compostion, yet ominous and seething with dark emotion. One of the best albums of all time... from any genre! A brilliantly executed masterpiece. HIGHLY RECCOMENDED!
0380973464|4.0|Cryptonomicon is without doubt one of the best books I've read in quite some time.  The story told in this book is well thought out, well researched, and very thought provoking.  A lot of modern day social issues  relating to technology are explored within the context of the story.   It  took me a long time to read through the first 75 pages or so, but after  that I could scarecly put it down.<br /> At its core, Cryptonomicon revolves  around cryptography, or in other words, the art/science of encrypting  information.  The story follows two families who are both involved in the  allies cryptanalysis and information warfare efforts during WW2 into the  modern day, as they strive to create an offshore &quot;data heaven&quot; -  and try to get rich while their at it.   <br /> I wholeheartedly recommend  this book, but before purchasing it there are a few warnings for the  perspective reader: <br /> First, be forewarned that if you don't have a  background in computers and math, Cryptonomicon may loose you in places  since the author goes into a bit of technical detail from time to time. <br />  Second, Stephenson's writing style can distract from the story on occasion.   By this I mean that he will occasionaly rattle off pages of uninteresting  detail that also turns out to be more or less irrelevant to the story.   This book could have lost 150 pages and still been every bit as good, if  not better.   <br /> Third, the book is a bit hard to follow - the book covers  two time periods (WW2 and the present day), and several characters within  each.  The author freely moves back and forth between relating events in  both time periods, which in itself is fine.  But often we come to a passage  about a character that seems to be completely disjoined from the last  events the author related about the character, because the author has  skipped ahead in the character's timeline so that he can relate the  intervening events that occured to the character in the past tense.   Unfortunately, while this is a nice literary device, it also makes  following the book more difficult and even a bit frusterating at times.
B00004RFFM|2.0|Renny Harlin brings us another in a long line of really bad  action/adventure movies (Remeber, the man is responsible for &quot;Cut  Throat Island&quot;) and while &quot;Deep Blue Sea&quot; isn't nearly as  bad as &quot;Die Hard 2&quot; there's little redeeming value here.<br />The  plot centers on a floating research lab (formerly a U.S. Navy submarine  re-supplying station) in the middle of the Pacific.  While trying to find a  cure for Alzheimers disease, the scientists have created super-smart sharks  in order to harvest chemicals from their brain stems.  <br />Let's see how  many Jaws rip-offs/horror movie cliche's we can pack into the first 15  minutes?  Well, one of the sharks escapes and attacks (&quot;this was no  boating accident&quot;) two couples out for a sail before a very Quint like  shark wrangler saves the day with some tranquilizers.  The mad scientist  (She has to die, it's her fault, call it the poetic justice rule of horror  films) begs to be allowed to complete her work despite the danger to human  life.  The crew of the research station heads to shore.  (&quot;We run a  skeleton crew on the weekends.&quot;)  Suffice to say, that later, as Sam  Jackson's character delivers a diatribe on the nature of survival, you  pretty much know he's going to end up as chum.<br />What else...Well,  according to this film, you can keep a zippo lighter underwater for about  half an hour yet have no trouble at all getting it to light.  Nearly an  hour after the expository lines on the former Navy station, we're treated  to an underwater shot complete with a sunken submarine, if you weren't  paying attention you might wonder why it's there.<br />In the spirit of Joe  Bob Brigs, awards for quality performances go to Sam Jackson on being lost  in an avalanche, &quot;Ice is a powerful thing, but it's nothing compared  to a man.&quot;  Saffron Burrows as the mad scientist, &quot;it may be  super smart, but it's still just an animal.  Come to Mama.&quot;  L.L. CoolJ on revenge, &quot;You ate my bird!&quot;  and Michael Rappaport as the  Shark is being lifted into the station for research, &quot;Anyone order the  fish?&quot;<br />There's nothing here that you haven't seen in better movies  before.
B00004SCX6|4.0|This CD shocked me... I never thought that Britney Spears could have something special to her music!<br />I have always been anti-Britney Spears, however, I would like to congratilate her on her CD!<br />The songs seem to  come out of the same mold, but the lyrics are meaningful, and though her  voice is hacked to bits in some places, it seems to have improved.<br />What  really impressed me were the lyrics...if she keeps going, she may end up  with a classic! You never know...
0061020710|5.0|This book follows the trend of all his other books and is clever and very, very funny.  I laughed out loud all over the place.
6300183211|5.0|If anyone had ever asked me what the most unpleasant film I had ever  viewed was, my answer would easily have been Scarface. I have never EVER  been so completely repulsed by violence. In the 80's, many of the cheap,  cookie-cutter action films would glamorize violence as a stimulating rush.  Scarface shows us crime as it was, is, and shall remain; hideous displays  of cruelty towards humanity. DePalma Brilliantly captivates the dirty,  vulgar industry of drug dealing without ever lightening the punch. There is  no &quot;good-guy&quot; in this. Instead of having you root for a  character, DePalma makes certain that you pray for the violence to end,  that you hope for the screen to at least back off of the in-your-face  presence of the lifestyle that is organized crime. It doesn't. It only gets  more and more filthy. The characters are shot, cut up, beaten, and ravaged  without any bit of it censored. The gritty film makes it seem so much more  realistic. DePalma has created a rare acheivement, he has shown us the  world through the eyes of cold-blooded throat cutters. Everyone gets what  they deserve, and knowone is left standing without the world crumbling  around them. This film has all of the political commentary, all of the  violence, and all of the dialogue to show you how horrible crime is. This  film is truly a masterpiece and truly a noble effort. If anyone walks away  from this movie saying that all it did was glorify the lifestyle of drugs,  they really didn't pay attention.
630575067X|4.0|I HAVE TO WRITE THIS AFTER READING THE BAD REVIEWS.  THE MAIN PROBLEM THAT PEOPLE HAVE WITH THIS MOVIE IS SCRIPT AND CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT.  I CHALLENGE THESE PEOPLE THEN TO FORGET THE CLASSIC MOVIES.  ITS IMPOSSSIBLE  ISN'T IT.  IT IS ALSO IMPOSSIBLE TO DIVIDE WHAT WE KNOW OF THE CHARACTERS  INTO THEIR TWO HOUR SEGMENTS.  IF YOU TRUELY LOOK AT A NEW HOPE YOU WILL  SEE THAT THE CHARACTERS ARE ABOUT AS DEVELOPED HERE AS THEY ARE IN TPM.  AS  FOR SCRIPT, ONLY EMPIRE HAD A REALLY GOOD SCRIPT.  I FOUND THE FORSHADOWING  AND THE PLOT ENJOYABLE. TPM HAS THE SAME PREMISE AND TIMING AS A NEW HOPE.  ALSO LAY OFF JAR JAR.  HE HAS THE ROLE OF 3P0 R2 AND CHEWBACCA ROLED INTO  ONE.  YES HE IS VERY DIFFICULT TO UNDERSTAND SOMETIMES AND THIS DOES TAKE  AWAY FROM THE FOCUS OF THE FILM.  PERSONALLY I THINK IT IS THE EDITING THAT  IS THE PROBLEM.  IF YOU READ THE BOOK YOU WILL FIND VERY INTERSTING THINGS  THAT WOULD HAVE HELPED THE FILM.  THESE SCENES WERE FILMED AND WE SEE PART  OF THEM START IN THE FILM BUT THEY ARE NOT ACTUALIZED COMPLETELY AND LEAVES  THAT VOID OUT THERE.  PEOPLE NEED TO LOOK AT THIS AS THEY WOULD A BOOK.  THE FIRST CHAPTER IS ALWAYS THE WEEKEST.  IT HAS TO BE.  IT SETS EVERYTHING  ELSE UP THAT IS GOING TO HAPPEN.  ITS THE FOUNDATION ON WHICH TO BUILD.  WATCH THE MOVIE WITH THAT IN MIND.  LEAVE YOUR EXPECTATIONS BEHIND.  SIT  BACK AND ENJOY.  I DO MANY MANY TIMES.
0790729652|5.0|Before this movie was made in 1989, I had only seen Batman as nothing more than a peppy, corny superhero out to save the world from the likes of four hideous villains in the time span of a half-hour. But When  &quot;Batman&quot; was introduced that year, my perception changed. Batman  wasn't only trying to save the world, he was trying to save himself. The  world made him a pained and meloncholy crusader. He was a lost soul,  drenched in his own crushed dreams.  &quot;Batman&quot; introduced a new  world of reality. The super hero was just as troubled as the rest of  society, yet he was the one who felt compelled to save everybody, and  perhaps save himself while doing it. This is a very adult story. I wouldn't  recomend this to children because the themes are so strong and tragic. It  is a very adult movie. The villain isn't out for world domination, as in  the comics, but he kills others for the sake of killing, as in reality. The  villian is a serial killer. These aren't light issues usually put into kid  movies.  This movie is powerful and tragic. Scenes will move you to tears  as he fights with the inner demons as well as the outer demons. The best  Batman movie and the best Tim Burton movie. Enjoy.
6300214540|1.0|Arggghhh! I was so disappointed by this one. Somehow I was lead to believe that this &quot;classic&quot; was going to be entertaining. I curse the people who recommended this to me. The only consolation throughout the  entire movie is Tom Cruise's presence, but even that gets old. And if I  have to hear that damned &quot;Take my Breath Away&quot; one more time, I'm  going to scream. I'm sure you're a busy person. Don't waste your time. And  don't exert the effort of putting this one in the VCR and pressing play. It  bites. In a big way.
B000031WD9|5.0|I saw the uncut version of this move a couple of days ago on VHS, and I can honestly say, I have not laughed this much at a movie since South Park Bigger Longer and Uncut! I thought it was hilarous! I especially liked it  when Jim got caught masturbating with the Apple pie and when his dad bought  all those magazines for him! This movie is the best so far! And I strongly  suggest that anyone who hasn't seen it, should!
B000002GJH|5.0|Temple of the Dog is like a collage of music that was written from the soul for the soul. This album makes one realize why music shouldn't be labeled grunge or rock, etc. You couldn't sell it to an audience. Songs  laced with a rebellious base and oodles of indescribable guitar riffs, like  Pushin Forward Back and Reach Down, share the stage with lighter, even  tender sounding, songs like the almost jazz/blues All Night Thing. Still,  there is much more to be appreciated here than just the sound and vocal  collaboration. There seems to be some kind of lesson or knowledge to be  imparted from each song. The lyrics make you understand an experience  whether desirable or terrible. For someone who favors Birth Ritual off the  Singles CD, I still found the mixture of mellower and blues/grunge songs  amazing. Don't miss out on the experience.
B000002NAK|5.0|I think this soundtrack is so awesome!  I love the movie to pieces.  Madonna is perfect for the role as Evita, and Banderas is great for Che!   I was so amazed when I saw this movie.  I love Sir Webber's music, but this  blew me away!  If you haven't seen the movie or listened to the soundtrack,  I say do so!  My favorites are &quot;Rainbow High&quot;, &quot;Oh What A  circus&quot;, &quot;Eva and Migaldi/Eva Beware of the City&quot;, and  &quot;Lament&quot;.  But all of the songs are wonderful!  Listen to it if  you have the chance!
B00004T8RK|5.0|ok first things first ..this cd has gotten good reviews but it also got bad reviews ....THIS CD IS AWESOME! why anyone thinks otherwise is unimaginable....there are PEARL JAM fans and there are &quot;TEN&quot; fans  is what it amounts to..people say its nothing like &quot;ten&quot; ..well  of course not..that was 10 yrs. ago and they are older and have grown as  musicians and do more experimenting now..theres nothing wrong with  that..the &quot;ten&quot; fans like only &quot;ten&quot; and  &quot;vs.&quot; then stopped cuz pj slowed down with  &quot;vitalogy&quot;...that is pathetic..&quot;vitalogy&quot;  rocked!anywayz the pearl jam fans are the fans that are dedicated to the  band totally and stand beside them.i absoulutely love every pearljam cd.  alot of people say &quot;they areny hard anymore&quot; so what? some of  pearljam's best songs were very slow ballads like &quot;daughter&quot; and  &quot;nothingman&quot;.sure this generation has brought in hard rockers  like limp bizkit and kid rock..who do good on their own style of music..but  pearl jam IS rock music..their new cd shows thy havent missed a  step..&quot;light years&quot; &quot;parting  ways&quot;&quot;breakerfall&quot; are really good.....but it's  &quot;nothing as it seems&quot; &quot;insignificance&quot;  &quot;grievance&quot;&quot;thin air&quot; and vedder's excellent ukele  piece &quot;soon forget&quot; that are some of pearl jam's best songs ever!  some take a few listens to get used to but you will fall in love with this  cd....if u dont then dont say you are a pearl jam fan!
6305350205|4.0|This movie is a classic example of impossibly high expectations resulting in the fans rejecting a story.<br />Consider the possibility that it's possible to sincerely believe something to be true, and to tragically  discover you are mistaken. This story explores the power of the cult of  personality, the frailty of our human form as well as the power the guilt  we carry around with us can have over us.  These are relevant topics, and  issues many struggle to explore.  Many of us turn to false,  self-satisfying, self-worshiping 'gods' that only tell us what we want to  hear.  This is a frontier that has almost never been explored in this  series.<br />Despite some flaws, and some dated, pre-digital effects, this is  a very interesting story if you let it be what it is - a story about a  journey of faith, and the discoveries and friendships you find along the  way.
B000002BFZ|5.0|ok STOP BASHING PEARL JAM'S NO CODE! gosh do people only enjoy hard hitting mindless jams these days..if u r a pearl jam fan stand beside them and respect what they do and stop bashing their music for not being hard  enough!&quot;OFF HE GOES&quot; AND &quot;HAIL,HAIL&quot; are two of pearl  jam's best songs ever!....they alone are worth the price of the cd! buy it  and if u like it good..if u dont like it....dont share your dumb thoughts  with listeners who love pearl jam ...cuz we dont wanna hear your mindless  thoughts.
0716703440|5.0|This is the best book available describing Einstein's General Theory of  Relativity.  In contrast to other books on the subject this one is an easy  read.
B000002GYR|5.0|This is simply one of the best records ever made.  I have worn out, given away or lost  half a dozen copies of it.  Do you yourself a favor and buy it.
B00004T9UF|2.0|The album &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot; showcases Eminem at the height of his own confusion and internal confliction. A talented rapper with a gift for gab and one-of-a-kind lyricism, it's a shame to see him stooping to  repeat shenanigans from his first album. He seems to have realized from his  first effort, &quot;Slim Shady,&quot; that degrading other performers will  garner attention. With that in mind, he gets much more hostile on this  album. He shows himself to be a shallow, self-serving little boy trying so  very hard to be a hard-core rapper. Unfortunately, this hard-core rapper  has run out of original material.<br />On his song &quot;Stan,&quot; he gives  us the best idea of his muddled mindset - he writes to a suicidal fan that  his songs are just clowning around, that they're not to be taken seriously  and not to be acted upon. This sounds like a heartfelt message if it  weren't for the fact that Stan is already dead by the time Eminem is  writing him back in the song. What a perfect metaphor for Eminem - willing  to rile people up for no reason, and then to state that he has nothing to  do with their actions. Don't worry, he was just fooling around.<br />It would  be nice if Eminem would grow up and write some music that actually had  subject matter other than just self-deprecation and out-and-out libel. It  was funny on his first record, but it gets old really quick. He can  definitely rap and tell a story. Let's just hope that he finds something  worth relating to us next time.
B000002AT6|5.0|Well, i had to share my opinion about this wonderfull CD.  I think James horner is a magnificent composer who gives us the gift of his music.  He really feels the music and thanks to that we now can be part of something  beyond reason; there are not enough words to explain the wonderfull music  of LEYENDS OF THE FALL, is intoxicating, it will touch you so deeply that  youll just end up saying that it was the best work ever comparing all other  music with this....braveheart and titanic were also special. So i truly  thank James Horner for the amazing, lovely music he creates.
B0000029DD|5.0|Jeff Buckley belongs to a very small sliver of artists that are gifted enough to produce a breathtakingly beautiful piece of music on the first take.  This music soars on its own merits, and not by virtue of his death  alone.  I picked this up almost a year ago after hearing 'Last Goodbye' and  without a doubt it is one of the best CDs I have heard to date. Usually  with one's favorite CDs, they rarely leave the stereo, but there is a  subcategory of favorites that you can only pull out every now and then  because they are so good they consume you.  This is the kind of music that  requires you to sit down and be possessed.  As such, I won't undermine the  scope of the CD by bestowing favor on any particular track; instead I urge  you to listen to the entire thing and see for yourself.
0385040253|5.0|This is Ashley's life work. It's incredible, I've never seen such a collection of knots. Usefull, of not, every knot you can possibly think of is in this book. The only minor is that reading the explanations is  sometimes hard. It needs some getting used to before you understand the  more difficult ones. Anyway, it's a great book to show of.
B000031WD9|4.0|This movie is mostly geared towards High School Seniors and the College  crowds most particularly the Fraternity/jock crowd.  However, as a thirty  something year old man, I found the portrayal of the four undersexed males  quite amusing.  This movies shows how fickle teenagers are and in between  all the lust and depravity, each of the characters is searching for their  own identity in a world that opening up to them.  Besides all that heavy  analysis, this movie is also loaded with some hillarious steamy sexy scenes  that have me yearning for the good old days of youth.  Maybe not quite  Animal House but its pretty darn close.
6305922756|5.0|The gods of comedy rock, Spinal Tap, will be re-releasing theirhilariously brilliant mockumentary This Is Spinal Tap by releasing itin theaters again and presenting anew video and DVD version of the infamous film. MGM Home Entertainment notes that the 1984 rock comedy, about a fictitious over the hill heavy metal band on their comeback tour, will re-released on VHS and DVD after being out of print for several years. The new special edition home video versions of the film will boast new audio commentary from the cast, an hour's worth of deleted scenes, beefed up sound and video, and more. Some of the goodies turned up on a This Is Spinal Tap CD-ROM that surfaced in the early '90s and later on the first DVD version, but this new release will be different in many ways.  Most notably, the new version will feature entirely new audio commentary.  The previous DVD featured the cast members commenting out of character, this time actors Michael McKean, Harry Shearer, and Christopher Guest will offer commentary in character (as David St. Hubbins, Derek Smalls, and Nigel Tufnel, respectively).
1559409010|5.0|Here's a union made in heaven: the Monty Python ensemble and the good  folks at Criterion, who again have given us a first-class DVD presentation.  Several deleted scenes (including two lengthy ones) and two separate  commentary tracks (even on the deleted scenes, and with everyone except the  late, great Graham Chapman contributing) prove that the Pythons were well  aware of the fine line between satire and sacrilege, and how they strove to  avoid the latter while sharpening the former. Add an excellent documentary  shot on location during the filming, four British radio ads, production  notes, and arguably the best Python film ever and you've got one worthwhile  DVD. There are some image artifacts here and there, but not enough to  detract from a five-star rating. The DVD Menu is easy to navigate and  cleverly done. Kudos also to Amazon for the appealing price point on this  and many other Criterion discs ($10-12 cheaper than other national  retailers. Hello Tower?).
0375501851|5.0|How did she do it?  She's only 25, and was several years younger when she started writing it. So much is packed into it and it is driven forward by energetic, humourous, optimistic writing. It is tempting to say that Zadie  Smith has managed to pick up the part of London she lives in and drop it  neatly into a book, along with history, science, religion, and the colonial  roots of the wonderful array of characters. I'm sure if I'd been sitting  having a chat with Zadie a few years ago and she had told me what she  intended to write I would have nodded interestedly and said  'mmmm....brilliant idea...ermmm... bit too ambitious though maybe, don't  you think....what about just concentratiing on this idea.. or this idea..  or...'.  On the other hand, I don't know her from Adam, and if she  demonstrated the passion of ambition that is evident in the book, then I  would probably just nod and say, 'well.... you just go ahead.. we'll just  keep to our little ideas... and take life one theme at a time... but you  just go ahead and whack it all in there!' Obviously it is not perfect.  To  be really picky, at times she overwrites, she gets carried away by the flow  of the narrative and slips in words and phrases that could have been  smoothed off.  She grapples with big themes and shows a deep understanding  of them, but at times throws in distracting humour which holds us back from  a greater engagement with these issues. Not that I want to criticize her  use of humour.  It is wonderful to read a serious novel which also  entertains.  There is so much humour in life alongside the tragedies, the  racism and the poverty, and it is brilliantly captured here. There is a  wonderful balance between positive and negative in the novel.  It is the  author's energy which holds this all together.  How can she have such a  strong, seemingly-positive outlook at the age of 25 when she has also faced  and grappled with the darker issues of our times?   Very rarely do I read a  book twice,and certainly not within the space of six months, but I am now  reading 'White Teeth' for the second time and enjoying it even more than  the first time around. Maybe I will have to keep reading it until her next  novel is published! For potential readers in the from outside the  London-area who may be concerned that it might be rather parochial, about a  small part of London, full of that odd English humour and so on, I have to  say 'FEAR NOT'.  Although the characters of the novel are all products of  London's own brand of multiculturalism, their ways of thinking, their  emotions, and the problems which they encounter have a universalism which  is likely to make White Teeth a success in all parts of the globe. It is  wonderful in a way to hear that the author was not satisfied with this  novel.  She thinks it has many weaknesses.  By heck, we better watch out if  she writes a novel she is remotely satisfied with!
B0000013G9|5.0|This cd is awesome!  I especially like the song &quot;waterfalls&quot; because when I was in Elementary school, it was the song of the year.  Everyone who was anyone at our school knew the song, the words, the artist.   It's just a great song.
B00004TRD8|4.0|Arney baby is just like the most incredible actor in the action world.   When I saw this one, I realized that he could easily be the President of  the U.S. if he were only American.  Hope he'll be back for Terminator III.
B000001DTM|5.0|U2's greatest album of all time! An astonishing retaliation against the Joshua Tree reputation pig-headed critics gave them. U2 is my favorite band and I can really say this is not just their best, but one of the greatest  of all time! Songs I recommend:Even Better Than the Real Thing, One, Who's  Gonna Ride Your Wild Horses, The Fly, Mysterious Ways, Tryin' to Throw Your  Arms Around the World, Ultra Violet (Light My Way), Love is Blindness.
0679721037|5.0|While some have pointed out that the author's cutting from one story to another makes it difficult to read, this book is a must read regardless. <br /> If you want to have some idea the kind of horror experienced by the  victims of Hiroshima then this book is it. To my mind despite the horrific  injuries sustained by the victims the thing that seems most devastating is  the complete incomprehension as to what has happened to them, and what is  going on. The survivors are without any infrastructure injured and totally  ignorant of what they are going through.<br />All in all a gripping account.  The plain facts are laid out and they are compelling.
0553502077|4.0|I am a great fan of Mr. Grisham.  I travel a lot and &quot;read&quot; most of his books via books-on-tape. The Partner was one of the best and most interesting yet. I loved the characters, the plot and the twists and turns  along the way.<br />As I drove along I-77 listening the the ending, I almost  had to pull over.  I rewound the tape and played it again, thinking I had  missed something.  It seems highly unbelievable that someone as smart and  meticulous as Patrick would allow someone to take off with all the money.  And then he did not have the knowledge to track her down!  Just totally  disappointing.
B00004T9UF|4.0|I dont know which is better, the first album or this one but this album is much more funny. Em's track 16 is...... got to listen to it. This is tight! But this album is more serious then the last one because he is saying some  important stuff about gun violence, kids acted up, and die hard fans of  him. Em does not like fans all on his D... I guess I didnt realize that  artist got tired of die hard fans. I guess I should lay off Too Short  because I am a big fan of him but he might make a track doing me like Em  did to a fan named Stan? track #3.
B00003CXDV|5.0|This was a terrific movie....it and &quot;Mystery Men&quot; were my two favorite recent movies. I can't help laughing at everything. Even my brother-in-law, who hates this movie, laughed long and hard when Fred  (terrific Tony Shalhoub) fell for the alien girl. (He went like this:  hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha) Anyhow, my point is that I love  this movie and most people do...even my mother loves this movie. I most of  all love Sam Rockwell and Tony Shalhoub and he (Tony) has a lot to do with  aliens in his movies... have you noticed that?
B00004SCX6|1.0|this was one of the great cd's of the millenium! all the songs are so much alike, and this cd sounds just like her last one! not only that, but her cd sounds like bsb, nsync, christina agulera, and the list goes on! i have to  tell you, i would gladly pay money to own this cd, and burn it! and man!  what great ideas for songs! who hasn't thought of singing songs about  misery in love, and how great their lovers are! wow, and don't get me  started on the great tunes! you can barely tell them apart from each other!  i think her writers must be thirilled with how much alike they sounds! <br />  well, this is what you're all thinking, and you know it.
0380973642|4.0|Smoke and Mirrors is an excellent collection by Gaiman. Some of the better stories are Murder Mysteries, Snow Glass Apples, Troll Bridge and Chrivaly. Some of the stories seem to be a hybrid of Bradbury and Kafka. Really  fascinating.
B00004T8RK|5.0|After listening to Binaural for about one week I have determined that I cannot stop listening to it. Some of the songs are absolutely beautiful. It's a nice mix of great fast songs as well as slow songs.I bought Yield  two years ago and I like that album as well. However, Binaural really  stands out as one of Pearl Jams best. Their sound has grown over the years  and it only gets better.
B000002H97|5.0|Metallica's mythical black album will not only be remembered for its great metal tunes and ballands. It will also be remembered for ushering a new era in metal. It brought forth and evolved the metal image as we see it today.  It thrusted hard core metal into the main stream to the masses and it  rocked! Perhaps this album will be remembered for what it did rather for  how it sounds...though either reason is good enough to give it 5 stars. The  beginning of it all...Metallica.
B00000JPYQ|5.0|I bought this album on a prerecorded cassette tape when it was released in England about 1979! I still have it and it plays although its definitely suffering signs of age. It is the best  live album I own or have heard, and  that includes The Who and U2.
B00004SCX6|5.0|No one can top this album.  Britney DOES have a good voice.  The album is so much more catchy.  The songs are pop and have an r&amp;b feel to them.  The ballads are really great too.  This is so much better than her first  album.  If you dont like her first album, buy this one, you WILL love it!
B00004R99J|3.0|Pocahontas is one of the weaker Disney animated movies, but still much better than anything that came out after it(except for maybe Mulan).  It has the distinct honor of being the last Disney movie to have decent music.   It may not have been a memorable film story and character-wise, but the  music and fluent animation always bring me back to the summer of 1995.  If  you're looking for a enjoyably romantic movie with a touch of wry humor,  you're better off waiting for the Beauty and the Beast DVD.  Pocahontas is  way too preachy and stiff for its own good.
B00003CX5A|4.0|the little town of Sleepy Hollow is host to a phantom murderer who beheads his victims. Enter detective Ichabod Crane, who believes there is a rational explantion for the killings and is about to be proven wrong.  This  was a creepy but good movie
B0000042BZ|5.0|This is an excellent performance of Verdi's &quot;Rigoletto&quot; based  upon Vicor Hugo's &quot;L'Roi S'Amuse (The King Amuses Himself) and is one  of his finest operas. From start of finish this is a masterpiece. All the  singers are well-polished and highly convincing. Ingvar Wixell's portrayal  of the deformed court jester Rigoletto (renamed from Hugo's  &quot;Triboletto&quot;) in the court of Mantua was the best that I have  ever seen. Pavarotti, who plays the Duke himself, is in top form as always  (although such a pudgy Don Juan may seem slightly out-of-place, his acting  is superb), and Edita Gruberova does as astounding job as Gilda,  Rigoletto's daughter. The settings look genuine, the music is excellent and  Wixell truly manages to capture the pain and humiliation of a man forced  into being a fool by his deformities and social position. The history of  the opera makes for an interesting study in censorship as well. Hugo  himself preferred this opera to his own story that it was based on! The  quartet at the end is partuclalry memorable and the murderer was so scuzzy  and grungy looking that he was almost comical, although his deep bass was  beautiful. Finely acted, visually appealing and great music. What more  could one ask for?
B00003CX5A|4.0|the little town of Sleepy Hollow is host to a phantom murderer who beheads his victims. Enter detective Ichabod Crane, who believes there is a rational explantion for the killings and is about to be proven wrong.  This  was a creepy but good movie
078062999X|2.0|Hamlet is one of Shakespeare's best plays, but this movie really doesn't  to it justice at all. The production was huge and lavish and the cast was  studded with big-name stars, but I dound the movie itself to be boring. I  found trouble having anyy sort of empathy for the prince as Branaugh  portrayed him. The previous Hollywood version starring Mel Gibson as the  prince of Denmark was superior in every way. This movie was flashy without  being moving. It was just &quot;blah&quot;. It just goes to show that  spending a fortune on production and on famous stars does not necessarily  make for a good movie.
B00003CWOL|5.0|two renegade angels have found a loophole that could potentially destroy all of mankind.  It leaves a question wandering in your mind.  Can a band of unlikely heroes save the day?
0899663753|3.0|Lady Chatterley's Lover is a beautiful love story written by a great artist. It is by no means only a &quot;sex&quot; story, but portrays two individuals quite sensitively. If one sticks to the surface story, one will  probably be quite taken with the beauty of it. But there is an underlying  theme here which runs throughout all of Lawrence's work: the idea that the  world is a dirty, unpleasant place and that people are always small,  disagreeable and nasty and that the solutions to all of life's most  pressing problems is orgasm. This is rather silly, to say the least.  Certain portions of life can be ugly, but the extent to which Lawrence does  so in this novel is really stretching it a bit. It seems like a set-up to  me: after showing only the negative portion of life and convincing the  reader that this is reality as &quot;it really is&quot;, he springs his  stock solution: sex. This seems as absurd to me as trying to grab a handful  of air; imagination is at the root of the sexual appetite in humans and  this he leaves rather untouched. Intellectualism is also disavowed in  prference to a sort of bodily exaltation which leaves one at the mercy of  one's physical being without recourse to higher faculties (inlcuding those  of control and discipline). It is also interesting to note that in his  philosophical position, Lawrence is much closer to Sartre than Camus, who  although still a pessimist, finds a great deal of exuberance in the  physical world of nature that Lawrence and Sartre tend to reject as ugly  and forbidding. The philosophical underpinnings sort of ruin the novel for  me, although it may not be noticeable until the second or third read.
B0000020C4|5.0|First of all I want to agree with everything mmponine said about Michael Maguire!   He is the most wonderful, inspiring Enjolras in the universe!  I didn't like Lea Salonga's performance at first, but it grew on me and I  like her almost as much as Frances Ruffelle now,  though I never really  reconciled myself to the American way she says &quot;river.&quot;  This is  a small thing, but I love the way she sings &quot;Every word that he says  is a dagger in me!&quot; on the movie of the concert.  I love Michael  Ball's performance of &quot;Empty Chairs at Empty Tables.&quot;  Colm  Wilkinson is of course far and away the greatest, and I love Philip Quast's  Javert.  I don't like Ruthie Henshall's Fantine as much as Patti LuPone,  though.
158234082X|4.0|Great insight into the restaurant world.  The chapter on what not to order at a restaurant alone is worth the price of the book.<br />To bad there isn't a glossary for those of us who don't speak fluent food and french.<br />A lot  of fun.
0515127485|2.0|The text which starts out good enough and keeps your attention throughout, disappoints at the end with a predictable close that leaves you colder then a visit to the Russian North. The plausible and interesting twists unwind  right before your eyes, leaving you wondering if your time would have been  better spent counting the grains of sand under your beach chair. If you  haven't read &quot;Gorky Park&quot; or any of its sequels, they are better  examples of this genre and worth the time on the beach.
B00004STPT|5.0|While Holst's music certainly influenced this score, there are many more pieces that are dervied from classical music. I can recognize at least four, including Mars. I especially like the subtle building rhythm derived  from Gorecki's 3rd Symphony. I would be grateful to find out from a more  knowledgable musician which other pieces are woven into the score.
B00004TH7Z|4.0|In the first song of Brave New World, Iron Maiden give nods to the obscure 1970s film &quot;The Wicker Man&quot; and Syd Barret-era Pink Floyd. As a non-metal fan (except for maybe Tool and classic Black Sabbath, I think  Heavy Metal is a pretty silly genre), I been trying to figure out the  appeal of Iron Maiden. Clearly, it is their originality and idiosyncracies,  and the fact they have reached cult status, as evidently expressed in their  film, literature, and musical references. Nobody understands Iron Maiden  unless they are fans. Even in their Spinal Tap-Stonehenge way, they are  incredibly entertaining, if not cool or clever in our post-modern sarcastic  reality. This is Maidens best work since Seventh Son, and it sounds more  relevant today than that album did in 1988, the year Janess Addiction and  the Pixies burried teenage metal forever.Maiden today is so out of fashion  that its music is painfully honest and enjoyable.Maiden is to us 80s kids  outside the U.S. what Kiss was to American kids in the 1970s, a  ritualistic indulgence in nostalgia and pure non-sense fun. Maiden finally  got rid of that Elvis-sounding singer of the last two records and is back  with their classic sci fi-medieval-historic- brand of British cult metal we  all have grown to love.
0140288503|5.0|Many moves and books about combat have an almost abstract atmosphere.  The participants casually think about great philosophy or remember their early lives while trying to kill each other.<br />Black Hawk Down, on the other  hand, treats combat as a very intense, extraordinarily terrifying  experience.  The combatants are solely concerned with keeping themselves  and their comrades alive for as long as possible.<br />I have had the good  fortune never to be involved in a combat situation and now I hope like hell  that I never do.<br />It's a very good book.  I highly recommend it, provided  that you don't start reading it within two hours of the time you plan to go  to sleep.  You'll glance at the clock to realise that five hours have  passed.<br />After reading the book, I understand why people volunteer to go  into the armed forces.  However, it's probably a good idea for the  recruiters to provide a copy of this book to a prospective volunteer, just  to make sure that the person knows what he or she is signing up for.
0520215850|5.0|I am 18 years old, and i have read this book numerous time in Chinese and in Vietnamese. It fill with battle of wits, and will, intertwine with historical events and figures, if i have one book to reccommend, this would  be the one. The English version of this book have left out some important  ideas and events, also have numberous error in translation, if u can read  chinese, then you should try to get it in Chinese. Buy it.
B000002NC4|5.0|When I got my first BTS album, their most recent &quot;Keep it Like a Secret&quot;, I was bowled over.  It was my first brush with emo, and I loved it.  Then, as a follow up, I ordered &quot;Perfect from Now On.&quot;   At first listen, I was saddened.  it was not the lighthearted, generally  pop-py anthem that &quot;Secret&quot; was.  I hardly listened to it at  first.  Then I started to play it over again, and I listened this  time...REALLY listened, the whole package, and I started, slowly, to become  mesmerized.  The apparent simplicity of the songs are locking in complex  melodies and great lyrics.  It's a lot different from &quot;Secret&quot;  and it's a lot different from most of what you'll find...trust me, it'll  take a little getting used to.  But it's worth it, especially &quot;Randall  Described Eternity&quot; and &quot;I Could Hurt a Fly.&quot;
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I highly recommend the new Iron Maiden cd Brave New World.  It has to classic sound of all their albums including Bruce Dickinson back as lead singer.  This is a great album for any music fan.
B0000060NF|5.0|I can't or won't try to compete with the well written reviews that have appeared here before mine. I will say however, that this album is simply one of the finest ever recorded. If I had to choose one for eternity, this  one would be it. I can hear it once a week and never tire of it's nuances,  pain and beauty. Timeless is the correct word, but it does not do this work  justice. We live in a disposable society, what from 1971 shines as brightly  as this?<br /><br />Update for the 30th Aniversary or Deluxe Edition:<br />Despite having 2 different CD versions of this disk already I purchased the Deluxe Edition as well in Spring 2011. I enjoyed the \\"extra\\" content as a whole but felt we could've done without the \\"Live Concert\\" on the second disk. As a professional musician I found that performance excrutiating to listen to. The missed intros and outros, flams total unfamiliarity of the horns and strings with the material all combined to make the outing unlistenable. What truely shines on this disk to me are the \\"Detroit Mixes\\" of the album. Those that outstanding and results in almost a different album. Those cuts were worth the price of admission alone.<br /><br />Da Worfster
B00004SST6|5.0|I've been Waiting Years for that Tone Guitar Driven George Benson Album.it has Arrived.THis Album is TIght.He Blasts Of with Donny Hathaway's THe Ghetto&amp;Grooves on it.also a Great Cover of Stevie WOnder's Lately.This  is THe Kind Of Album that I Enjoy From George Benson.Where His GUitar does  the talking.
B00001ZWTS|1.0|If this bloated, unfunny, offensive, ill-conceived dud doesn't spell the end of the Western, I don't know what will. Will Smith's usually winning personality falls completely flat here, and Mr. Kline is equally lousy in  the role that calls for him to do little except dress up in drag that makes  him look even worse than Kurt Russell did in &quot;Tango &amp; Cash&quot;.  Barry Sonnenfeld displays none of the wit that he used to such great effect  in &quot;Men In Black&quot; and (especially) &quot;Get Shorty&quot;.
B00000I8UE|5.0|This album is wonderful, I can't take it out of my CD player.  The New York Times recommended it as one of several releases in 1999 that adults would really enjoy and they are absolutely right.  Ms. Wilson has taken  Miles Davis' music and put her own stamp on it and the result is beautiful.   It's not all Miles, however.  In particular, I enjoy her version of Cyndi  Lauper's Time After Time.  It sheds new light on that song.  I would  recommend this album to anyone with even the slightest interest in jazz.   It's really quite a find.
B000021Y7W|5.0|Great to see this one back on video and DVD. As far as other concert films of the 1980's are concerned, I'd give Jonathan Demme the edge over Taylor Hackford's magnificent &quot;Chuck Berry Hail! Hail! Rock and Roll&quot;  simply because Linda Ronstadt and Julian Lennon don't turn up. Great music  from the Heads, great cinematography, and as much exciting action as your  average Joel Silver or James Cameron flick. &quot;Stop Making Sense&quot;  belongs in the distinguished company of &quot;Woodstock&quot;, &quot;The  Last Waltz&quot; and &quot;Gimme Shelter.&quot;
6305265488|5.0|Okay, I admit it. This movie turned me into mush and made me smile. I never saw it in the movie theatre. However, one morning I was channel surfing and happened to come across it on HBO. How beautiful and charming  it is! I really liked it a lot. And I thought all parties were cast very  well, but most especially Drew Barrymore, Dougray Scott(he really is prime  for a movie to make him a big-time leading man) and Anjelica Houston.  <br />Romantics will love this film!
158234082X|4.0|This book is a must read for anyone who has been told &quot;You ought to open a restaurant!&quot;  This common complement to home cooking has launched numerous failures for various idealistic culinary hobbyists.   Bourdain's autobiographical essays are humorous and tell the  as-to-yet-unheard truth about the restaurant trade.  It's especially  interesting for those of us with friends or relatives in the business. Yes,  Bourdain has attitude up the wazoo, but the guy loves food and loves the  rogues and roguettes who help him to cook up the goodies we all love to  scarf down.
0425129586|5.0|this book you can grt into from the very beggining and what i think is one of its upsides is that you will never guess who the murderer is this is one of my all time favorite books i would recomend it to anyone
B00004RFFM|3.0|Watch this movie without prejudice and taking in consideration that is not  a artistic movie, and youll have a good time.
6305076626|5.0|The first few times I saw this movie, I can't say I liked it. There was  just this feel to it that kept me from liking it. Then, for no particular  reason, I began to like it. I now appreciate every part of the movie and  how they each build up on each other. Parts that bothered me, like Time  Warp, have really become some of my favorites.<br />Tim Curry, who is always  interesting, still scares me with his portrayal of Dr. Frank*N*Furter, but  I guess that's to be expected. Susan Sarandon couldn't be better as Janet,  one of my favorite musical heroines ever, and Barry Bostwick is just as  square as Brad should be. The real treats, of course, are Columbia and  Magenta. They are most definitely my favorite characters in the show  because they are undoubtably fun and sexy.<br />Songs like \\"Touch-a Touch-a  Touch Me\\" and \\"Dammit, Janet\\", which I've always loved, play in my head  continuously and other songs, like \\"Science Fiction Double Feature\\" keep  growing on me and get stuck up top sometimes too. In my opinion, one of the  best moments in this film is the surreal \\"Be It\\" sequence in the pool. It  is very calming in an extremely perverse way... Oh well, long live this  cult-favorite and it's even better if you go to a theatre and participate.
0780620003|1.0|This movie is awful, awkward, a great swindle (like the comics, by the way). I have nothing against the violence in Spawncomics. So, it was better to leave it that way when transporting it to the big screen. But no:  the movie took a completely faulty script, took bad actors (Sheen is an  exception, but his character is as bad as all the others). THe special  effects are good, but so what? All in all, just a kind of MTV product of  our days...
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Well, I just got the new album today after visiting 2 of the largest music stores in town yesterday and finding they're both out of stock!  This might give you some idea of how eagerly awaited this album really is.  And it was  worth the wait.  I have been a Maiden fan for many years and had to admitt  that they seemed to lose it after 'No Prayer'.  I was upset to see Bruce  leave as most fans would be, but now they are back and stronger and more  fired up than ever.  Tracks like 'The Fallen Angel' make the hairs stand up  on the back of my neck!  Maiden are going all the way with this one! If  your a fan you've already got it, if your not, get it!  It's kick ass.  UP  THE IRONS!
6303109950|5.0|A booming mining town in the old west brings together three brothers looking to make their fortune together.  Only two things interfere with this.<br />First, there is a lot of crime and wrongdoings taking place in the  town limits of Tombstone, Arizona; and second, one of the brothers is the  famed peacemaker, Wyatt Earp.<br />What ensues is one of the best action  movies that was ever made.  I'm not much for the whole western genre of  film, but this movie has me hooked.  A strong script surrounded by a great  cast and even a couple of cool cameos (look for Billy Bob Thorton and  Charlton Heston).<br />The real reason for this movie though is Val Kilmer.   Far and away his greatest performance as he steals this movie right out  from under the feet of the other performers.<br />The one group I wouldn't  reccommend this movie to are those who are looking for an accurate  rendition of the events that occurred in Tombstone and the shootout at the  OK Corral.  The script took a lot of liberties with actual events in the  name of Hollywood.  If you don't mind that, then you must own this movie.
6305696071|1.0|The alledged extra 15 minutes of footage is not any deleted scenes, just merely a camera filming the filming of one scene. There is not any sound, just the Pretty Woman theme playing in the background. I was disappointed  by this DVD. I expected so much more.
6304712936|5.0|Video Merits:8/10; Audio Merits:7/10; Scenario Merits:8/10; Cinematographic Merits:10/10; Musical Merits:10/10; Overall Artistic Performance:9/10; DVD Extras:8/10;Recording Total Quality:9/10. Professor's  Recommendation:Beyond the criticism; Marvellous.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Santana's latest album Supernatural is amazing in every category. On this CD there is rock, rap, R&amp;B, pop, and the same old stuff that Santana has delivered for 30 years. Although I like every single track on the  album, The best ones were &quot;Love of My Life&quot;, &quot;Put Your  Lights On&quot;, &quot;Corazon Espinado&quot;, &quot;Wishing It Was',  &quot;Primavera&quot;, and of course &quot;Smooth&quot;. This CD surprised  me because I was never a Santana fan but one day I listened to it in a  record store and it was great so I decided to buy it. I have recommended  this album to all my friends and I think that everyone should at least give  this CD a try like I did and hear the wonderful, groovy sounds of Carlos  Santana.
B000005J56|4.0|I was surprised in my coincidental find.  It is a great CD, good for cooking to, entertaining to, and dancing to. I didn't give it five stars because I was looking for dance music and expected something livelier.   However, it was a pleasant change of pace with plenty to dance to as well.   If you're new to the world of salsa, try this out, it's a great  introduction.
B00003CWL5|4.0|Peel back the facade of &quot;Leave It To Beaver&quot; America and what do you find?  &quot;American Beauty.&quot;  This film, as one of my friends accused, portrays only dysfunctional families and individuals.  Am I  missing something?  Aren't we all, in some way, functioning outside the  parameters of our factory specs?  Or are &quot;things,&quot; such as $4000  sofas and illicit relationships, what our Designer had in mind for us to  pursue?<br />This movie, through brilliant and understated acting, takes us  into the lives of people who are dealing with these questions in  drastically different ways.  The film's haunting, slow-paced honesty sits  down beside you and casually drapes an arm over your shoulder.  The  question is whispered in your ear as you stare straight ahead:  &quot;Do  you see yourself in any of these people?&quot;  And, as the plot twists  tighter toward the end with surprising energy, you realize that you've been  suckered into jumping aboard a hurtling train that's headed toward a ravine  with the bridge washed out.  Washed out by the power of small, but deadly  choices--choices we all face at some point in our family histories.<br />Just  as Kevin Spacey's character begins to turn from the brink and see the  beauty of his own wife and daughter, the dark honesty of his choices  catches up with him.  We are left to decide for ourselves which is more  dangerous--to jump off the train or to jump on as it hurtles toward the  danger of &quot;American Beauty.&quot;  Either way you jump, the impact of  the landing will leave you stunned at the end of the film.
0812589041|4.0|I do not read science fiction often, but this title was recommended to me by a friend.  It was definately worth reading.  It had an interesting plot  and you can closely identify with Enders very human feelings.  The basic  plot line is the smartest young children go to a cadet academy that trains  them to save the world.  The book describes Enders story through this  sometimes cruel way of life, and ultimately there is a great end which I  thought was powerful. I would recommend this book for anyone interested in  something suspenseful and satisfying.
B000002OX7|5.0|&quot;Meet the new boss ... same as the old boss.&quot;  <br />It's a beatiful album.  I first started listening to The Who with their performance at Woodstock.  Then I introduced myself to Tommy.  An excellent  rock opera.  Still, it wasn't the type of album you could just listen to.   I bought Who's Next on a hunch that it would be good.  I'm glad I did.   Each song is a trip.  Baba O'Riley and Won't Get Fooled Again totally rock  with great synthesizer.  Behind Blue Eyes is emotionally packed and is one  of my favorite songs of all time.  The original Who's Next (the first nine  tracks) are great.  The seven bonus tracks following are just as good.   Naked Eye and Water go very well together and reveal the members of the  Who's true talent (I was also impressed by how the distraction and noise of  the live crowd were edited out so well).  Every song here is a hit.  You  can listen to it all the way through.  Townshend's writing and guitar play  are excellent.  He's one of my favorite songwriters, only defeated by Roger  Waters.  It's hard to believe Who's Next was a failed concept album.  His  vocals go together perfectly with Daltrey's.  Speaking of Daltrey, I'm  afraid all I can say is that he's surpassing on every track.  Entwistle's  bass playing is flawless and extemely enjoyable.  Keith Moon's drum play is  awesome.  In my mind he's the greatest drum player of all time.  He's just  fantastic and I wish that he was still with us today.  Who concerts aren't  the same without him.  This is my second Who album and I have enjoyed every  minute of it (and it's 78 minutes, too).  I plan on getting Quadrophenia.   Another hunch.  Who's Next is definetley a desert island album.  It's one  of my top 5 along with Led Zeppelin IV, Animals and The Wall by Pink Floyd,  and Hotel California by the Eagles.  <br />Buy this album.  I hope you enjoy  it as much as I have.
B00001ZUGJ|5.0|I take issue with the earlier review dissin' The Matrix for the very fact that it questions reality. This film differs from other reality-bending movies because it confirms that there is in fact one reality and it is  possible to reach it, not by some mystical faith, but  by using your mind.   While this is a very cool action movie, the characters must first use  reason to discover the true reality. With that firmly in place then they  need guns, &quot;lots of guns.&quot;
0671042858|3.0|I'm a fan of King, but this one didn't seem like him at all. More than half the book is a survival novel. It shows how a little girl finds food to eat, how she protects herself from the elements...etc. Until she starts to  see mangled animals and trees does King's writing kick in. King wrote this  well, but it had a few boring parts. It seems King is incorporating  religion in more of his books too. Pick this up if you want a King book  that is mild horror/survival.
0060925000|2.0|This book was a real roller coaster for me.  I did become totally engrossed in it about mid way, but I'm afraid my overall impression was that the book needed a serious editing.  I felt many of the female  characters were very one-dimensional.  In particular, I was disappointed  with the last few chapters and came away from the suitable boy with a  feeling of blandness.
0783239955|5.0|I first saw this movie at the Taos Talking Pictures Film Festival in 1999. It had the whole audience laughing hysterically, me included.<br />The humor is based on comedy of errors. I don't think I quite agree with the review  that says this movie has a reserved sense of humor. The reason some may  believe that is that this is not slapstick, punchline type of humor.  Instead, your laughing as the situation gets worse and worse and worse  through the character's confusions and bad judgements.<br />The plot is  interesting. Four buddies have a &quot;dinner game&quot; every week, in  which they invite the worst (best?) idiot that can be found. The one who  brings the most idiotic person, wins. It is interesting how serious each  pursue their idiots. Some go so far as to &quot;network&quot; and send  agents on the look out for an idiot. But the idiot that takes the cake and  the co-starring role in this movie is quite the nice guy, if a bit on the  bumbling fool side. He just has a weird passion: building matchstick models  of famous buildings like the Eiffel Tower. He is Pierre's idiot for the  Wednesday dinner.<br />Unfortunately, Pierre severely hurts his back playing  golf that day and must cancel his appearance at the idiot dinner. But when  the idiot stops by, he becomes so concerned for Pierre and his hurt back  that he sticks around and tries to &quot;help&quot; him out.<br />And that is  where everything truly falls apart.<br />You may have to have some initial  patience if you are looking for the imediate funnies. It doesn't start to  get crazy until about 30 minutes into the film. <br />This is one of those  movies that you can see dozens of times and keep laughing. I have.
B000021Y74|5.0|This is a whole new experience in film. It's brilliant, innovative, and so much fun ! Fast paced, with a great pulsating score, it plays with time and shows you how a few seconds can change your life..the editing is a marvel,  as well as the cinematography. (Love the ambulance/glass shot !). This  incredible movie will still interest you after many viewings. It's a keeper  !
B00004TH7Z|5.0|I've been a Maiden from the early 80's and this is their best effort in a decade. Bruce's vocals are fresh and Nicko's drumming is the best yet. The production is also very good. It's great to see the return of metal because  the music of the 90's blew.
B00000I0XW|2.0|If you would like to purchase an anthology of Lloyd Webber works performed by Sarah Brightman, I suggest buying &quot;Surrender: The Unexpected Songs&quot;.  It was recorded with the oversight of Mr. Lloyd Webber and  showcases both the singer and the orchestrations much more beautifully.   The song list is better and more varied.  <br />The only advantage this album  has is the presence of &quot;Anything But Lonely&quot;.  Brightman's  performance of this role (Rose in Aspects of Love) was a critical success  and her recording is brilliant.  However, this same recording can be found  on &quot;The Premiere Collection Encore&quot; anthology along with  Striesand's recording of &quot;Memory&quot;.<br />My advice: buy  &quot;Surrender: The Unexpected Songs&quot; and also buy &quot;The Premiere  Collection Encore&quot;.  Don't buy this.
B000002KD9|5.0|After 30 years, does anybody know why NY's early albums have not been remastered? It's just short of a crime that lesser artists have had their output from the 80s (! ) re-released. I'd appreciate any info on this.
B000000OF6|5.0|A STUNNING COLLECTION OF THIS CREATIVE JUGGERNAUT'S BIGGEST HIT'S.  iF YOU LIKE THIS,  YOU AIN'T SEEN NOTHIN' YET.  QUEEN'S BEST SONGS ARE THE ONE'S THAT AREN'T PLAYED ON THE RADIO.  CHECK OUT SHEER HEART ATTACK OR QUEEN 2  TO FIND OUT WHY QUEEN FANS ARE SO RABID.
B00004SCX6|5.0|She sure did do it again. This Cd was awesome. I listen to it again and again. All the songs are great I especially like Lucky. It just goes to show you that she has really grown not only as an artist but as a person. I  wish her all the best in the future
6304132271|4.0|Seven is one of those disturbing films that left me at times wishing it was less, yet also wishing for more.  <br />The &quot;Mores&quot;<br />The acting is very good throughout the film.  The actors kept these characters firmly  based in reality; I could believe that I would find these people in the  NYPD or any police department.  In fact, if the characters were allowed to  go &quot;over the top&quot;, the story would have suffered a great deal.   Specifically, I liked Morgan Freeman's take on Detective William Somerset  (the cynical &quot;old hand&quot;); his interpretation left the impression  that William had seen it all and had had enough.  Nothing seemed to faze  Somerset.  Brad Pitt's take on Detective David Mills (the ambitious and  opportunistic &quot;new guy&quot;) was spot on.  I liked the charm and  affection shown between his character and Gwyneth Paltrow's Tracy Mills.   Kevin Spacey was great as John Doe; his take of the character, with the  clinical self-detachment, kept his scenes from going over the top.<br />The  &quot;Lesses&quot;<br />The film is very intense and is not meant for  children.  In fact, if you are disturbed by stories that delve into evil  and the effects that evil has on ordinary people, then avoid this film.  At  times the film dwelled on the images of the victims; the effect was almost  of a forensic photographer filming the scene for evidence.  There isn't a  log of special visual or audial effects, music is at a minimum; the general  feel of the film is very spare.<br />General Comments<br />My copy of the tape  was very good; the sound was clear, the visual was crisp and the color  balance was good.
0312853238|5.0|I've read Ender's Game many times over, and each time I found a new insight to the characters or to the plot.  It's very well written and grabs your attention from the beginning and keeps it all the way until the end.   The characters are developed, which make them interesting to watch them  interact, and the storyline is great also.
B000023VR6|5.0|I HIGHLY RECOMEND THIS CD ITS THE BEST CD YOU WILL EVER BUY
B00003W8NM|1.0|Fight Club was one of the most boring movies that I saw in 1999.  Amazing  isn't it considering how much action and violence were in it.  I AM SO SICK  AND TIRED OF HOLLYWOOD MAKING MOVIES LIKE THIS AND AMERICAN BEAUTY THAT ARE  ABOUT BORED RICH WHITE BOYS WHO HAVE NOTHING ELSE BETTER TO DO WITH THEIR  LIVES THAN TO PUNCH EACH OTHER'S FACE OUT OR LUST AFTER TEEN-AGE GIRLS.   Why don't they do something constructive like charity work or helping out  at a homeless shelter?  Now that would be a twist and something original  that Hollywood never thought of.
B0000074CU|5.0|It is impossible to convey to anyone who never heard \\"Taste\\" on stage how such totally opposed,combative,feuding,contentious, brawling,individually brilliant young musicians could blend into such a perfect gestalt of mind and music whose power,rage,and compassion was both anguish sheer unadulterated delight.the  closest we may ever come to understanding and tracing the development of  this unique three headed hydra-who became for me and many others one of the greatest live rock/blues in the late 60's-early 70's is here in this unprecedented live classic and previously unreleased work.however,for the six tracks recorded here,demonstrate a band at the peak of its abilities.gallagher's guitar is razor sharp,the bass and drums are interlocked in a perpetual rolling struggle,whilst gallagher's guitar particularly on \\"sinner boy\\" is simply stunning.get it on your cd' player and get wild with \\"Taste\\".
B000002J09|5.0|Led Zepplin is without a doubt the best rock band ever.  And the album Zoso just backs this fact.  This album contains a number of there greatest songs, including &quot;Stairway to Heaven.&quot; This sing was recently  made number 3 in a list of the 100 greatest rock songs on the past century  (VH1).  Also is one of the most played songs on the radio, even today.
B000001F5F|3.0|I felt pretty smart when I purchased this CD at half price on the clearance rack at the store, but after I listened to it, I realized that I only got half a CD.  This CD is way too short.  Most of the songs are  shorter than 5 minutes and there are only 8 of them all together.  However,  what's here is extremely good.  This covers the 1983 tour, so if you are  looking for live versions of &quot;Pride&quot; or &quot;With or Without  You&quot;, you're not going to find them here.  What you will find are some  powerful live versions of some of U2's earlier edgy hits such as  &quot;Sunday Bloody Sunday&quot;, &quot;40&quot;, &quot;I Will  Follow&quot;, and &quot;Gloria&quot;.  If only it were a little longer.   Surely there was something else from that tour to fill the empty space.
B00004TH83|3.0|If you were expecting a very upbeat, dance album like I was due to the success of &quot;I Will Love Again&quot;, you will be very disappointed. &quot;Love Again&quot; is the only upbeat/dance track, better off buying  the CD Single, trust me. But if you are into really good ballads. The album  is fantastic. She is a cross between Celine Dion, Lara's voice is better,   but with the edge of another Canadian, Alannah Myles.
B000002TLX|5.0|I will admit I am bias towards Richard Marx, but even if you are not one to go out and buy all the albums by an act, this is one CD that must be in your collection. It's amazing how the majority of the tracks are hits that people seem to know in part, even if they don't know Richard's name, or a  title to one of his songs. There's a song on it for everyone, even for those that won't admit they like Richard Marx. So take a risk and get it.  As for me, it's one CD I have to take on every trip as it's one of the few CDs we all can agree on.
B000035Z1Z|5.0|Despite the badmouthing this film receives from various &quot;professional&quot; critics, one would do well to ask a Meg Ryan or a Kevin Kline fan what THEY thought of the movie. As a fan of both actors,  let me say this is one of my favorite films (as in I've watched it over 20  times). I liked the comedy, the development of characters, the story, Meg's  facial expressions, Kevin's French accent... You name it, I thought it all  added up to an enjoyable movie!
B00003CWOL|4.0|This movie is still funny! Kevin Smith and Jason Mewes are so wonderfully mismatched that you can't help but laugh at them. As the angels, Matt Damon and Ben Affleck are sinister enough to try and outsmart God to allow them  entrance into heaven. Chris Rock, George Carlin and Salma Hayek are all  funny additions to the film. Alanis Morissette's depiction of God was one I  could've lived without. No, it's not intended for people with strong  religious beliefs, but those who can watch it objectively will find it has  a positive message about Catholicism and it's place in the world.
B000001FDI|5.0|Interesting note on the CD I bought. It had 8 tracks although only 6 are listed. It seems that a number of the CDs were cut with two unlisted demo songs by Rich Grech. I don't know the names of the songs or how many they  released with these tracks. So, if you have an older CD with these two  songs, it may be worth something.
0345410025|5.0|I read this book about 6 months ago, I bought it after I read the reviews here at Amazon. The book is excellent, it helped me with all my classes this semester, even math courses. I recommend it to anyone.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|Alright, this is not just a great album, but a really great album. It has a hard time staying out of my cd player. Every song deserves to be on the radio, and four of them already are. The Offspring have also created very  creative lyrics for Americana. Welcome is a short intro that does a good  job starting off the album. Have You Ever is a great song that has a nice,  singable melody that you will sing for months. Staring At The Sun is a  pretty good song with a nice tune to it that you will also be singing for  months. Pretty Fly, one of the singles from the album that is probobaly the  most well known, is a great rock song with a pop twist to it. The Kids  Aren't Alright, another single from the album, is another song with a great  melody that you will be singing for weeks or months on end. Feelings is a  good rock song filled with a lot of angst. She's Got Issues, another single  from the album, is a great song with a really great melody. Walla Walla is  another good song that isn't full of angst but it isn't full of angst. The  End Of The Line is a really good song that is very tragic. No Brakes is a  great, fast-paced song with a nice chorus. Why Don't You Get A Job, another  single, is a pop song that gets boring after listening to it too much but  it is still a good song. Americana is a good rock song with a lot of angst.  Pay The Man is an OK song with a wierd Egyptian melody.<br />I have no  favorite songs from this album, they are all favorites of mine. This album  has some swears but not many. (Note: if you listen past Pay The Man you  will hear a version of Pretty Fly with Spanish backround noises.)
B00004TH7Z|5.0|After two lackluster releases Maiden is back and better than ever. This album rocks! Bruce Dickinson is back and so is Adrian Smith. The guitar work is awesome and Bruce's voice sounds great. His voice has gotten better  with time. (Check out his solo releases &quot;Accident of Birth&quot; and  &quot;The Chemical Wedding&quot; for more great stuff.) Maiden fans will  not be disappointed.
B00000IOSU|4.0|To be honest, I've never been a big fan of live albums. All the screaming fans and people who AREN'T the person you paid to hear sing mindlessly screaming along with the artist have never been a big selling point for me.  But &quot;Mirrorball&quot; does something other live albums haven't  done--it allows the artist to actually shine through in the original, not  overly-cleaned up manner that studios tend to spin things with. The tracks  of &quot;You Do What You Have To Do&quot; and &quot;Hold On&quot; are  superior to the studio versions, and, altogether, the album is a winner.  &quot;Ice Cream&quot; is the only track where the concert-goers get in the  way of Sarah's performance, but one track out of an entire album isn't so  bad.
0780622642|4.0|This movie is nothing but a visual tease, although it looks and is carried out well. &quot;Lost in Space&quot; can be compared to the adventures of Odysseus known from the Greek mythology and even those didn't have much of  a plot but are still considered the best piece of literature of that era.  At the same time this movie can be compared to Dafoe's Robinson story  (another of those books that haven't got much of a story but are considered  masterpieces) cause most of it happens in an unknown and uncharted  territory, besides the last name of the main characters is Robinson.<br />Matt  LeBlanc plays the same way he does as Joey from &quot;Friends&quot;, Gary  Oldman and Heather Graham are as good as always and even the kids are  played well (according to the standards of 'playing well kids'). The most  astonishing thing, though, is the work from the visual effects team. All  those new worlds, visions of our future, the technical inventions that  aren't that far anymore and the little biological thingies from other  planets look amazing. All in all this movie is helluva good if you just  want to spend some time.<br />In a galaxy far far away...
B00000J7J4|4.0|When I bought this album in February or March of this year I thought that it was going to be an oldies album because I knew Santana had been around from 1969.  I was wrong.  It was Latin. I would have never guessed from  Smooth, a nice rock song which features Rob Thomas of Matchbox 20, the  reason I bought this album.  I had also heard Put Your Lights On and Maria  Maria.  I liked Put Your Lights On but I had to grow into Maria Maria,  which I like now.  I didn't know all the songs that he did by himself (and  the song with Mana) were all in Spanish.  He brought in a lot of talented  artists such as Lauryn Hill, Rob Thomas, Everlast, Eagle-Eye Cherry, and  many more.  My favorites are Put Your Lights On(featuring Everlast), Smooth  (featuring Rob Thomas), Do You Like The Way (featuring Lauryn Hill and  Cee-Lo, and Maria Maria (featuting The Product G&amp;B.  I liked this album  a lot and you will too.  Buy it!
B00004T9UH|5.0|The edited version is a great choice for people under 13 or anybody offended by his content. Amazon.com made a mistake. Track 16 is only &quot;Kim&quot; on the explicit version. The song is different and it's  called &quot;The Kids&quot;. It's much less offensive than  &quot;Kim&quot;.<br />Anyway, my fav songs are &quot;Stan&quot;,  &quot;Marshall Mathers&quot;, and &quot;Under the Influence&quot;, but all  the songs are excellent!
0440213525|5.0|This book is excellent.  The plot is well devised and includes a little bit of something for everyone; courtroom drama, compassion, a chase, murder, and so much more.  As always, Grisham has written an excellent  novel filled with action and suspense that will put you on the inside of  the courtroom.  The film version of this book is also very well done.  If  you like Grisham, you will love this book.  If you have never read a  Grisham novel, this is a great book to start with.  A must read, and a must  have to add to your library!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|Bruce Dickinson and Adrian Smith return to Iron Maiden, enabling this band to once again take its place at the top of the NWOBHM genre. Now with three guitarists, Iron Maiden is much, much stronger than even the most hardcore  fans could ever imagine. \\"Brave New World\\" is flawless Maiden, from its  haunting opening track \\"The Wicker Man\\" (which is inspired by the movie of  the same name) to its melodic \\"Ghost of the Navigator\\" to the driving beats  of \\"The Nomad.\\"  With three gifted guitarists, the \\"air-raid siren,\\" and  the ever-present throbbing beats of Harris and McBrain, Iron Maiden has no  close competitors in the genre. This is where Metallica would be, had they  continued down the heavy path. Get this CD and enjoy!
1573225517|1.0|When the ads for the movie version of this book came out, I became curious and went to the bookstore to check out the book.  Normally, I like reading British &quot;modern&quot; books because they have a different flow from  the American norm.  This book started off very promising, but left me with  a bitter taste at the back of my throat.  It seemed to end on a very  depressed note.  Maybe because I'm not a 30-something male I didn't  understand it.  But when my boyfriend went to see the movie (the same night  that I finished the book), he agreed with my reaction.<br />Nick Hornby wrote  this book in first person, but I absolutely could not relate to it.  Rob  seemed very flat and uninteresting, and his friends were quite  stereotypical (the nervous, shy one and the big, seemingly stupid one).  I  vowed never again to read a Hornby book if it'd only leave me feeling  cheated and depressed.<br />Then, I picked up &quot;About a Boy&quot; and it's  the exact opposite.  Very infectious and page-turning.  I think the fact  that Hornby writes in third person, and switches POV between two different  characters, really helped add to the story.  We see his characters from  other peoples' point of view, not just their own selfish ones.
B00000JCB3|5.0|This is extremely cool and is edited pretty well for kids. My fav songs are &quot;9 teen 90 nine&quot;, &quot;Break Stuff&quot;, and &quot;Show Me What You Got&quot;. All the songs are really cool and would highly  recommend this CD to kids who love Limp Bizkit!
B00000JHAU|2.0|I decided to approach the much-hyped Belle &amp; Sebastian based on the positive feedback from fans and raving reviews form the press. Actually I was ready to love them. They seemed to have all the right ingredients: good  lyrics, melancholy drenched melodies, soft, folky arrangements. Sort of the  Smiths for the Internet generation. Unfortunately, &quot;if you feel  sinister&quot; left me unimpressed. Don't get me wrong, the album is not  bad, but it definitely falls short of being as good as everyone says. For a  start, the singer is not good. Lets not mistake gentleness with plain  weakness. Other singers of the genre might sound fey, but think of Michael  Stipe, Morrissey, Robert Foster, even Roddy Frame and Paddy Mc Aloon and  they all have some venom in their delivery. This guy sounds emotionless and  flat, even a little bit dull. The lyrics are good, more for a younger  crowd, but he just does no good to the lyrics. The music is fine, the easy  listening Bacharaesque arrangements sound very cute and the melodies are ok  (not exceptional), but it all sounds a little bit contrived. Maybe I have  heard  too many groups exploring the same sound and Belle and Sebastian  just fail to surprise.  Check the far superior &quot;69 love songs&quot; by  the mighty Magnetic Fields for instance. Both bands work in a somewhat  similar territory, however, 69 love songs is richly textured and diverse.  S. Merrit paints sadness and love induced misery in all colors whereas  Belle and Sebastian are too gray to leave an impression. They try to be  subtle and melodic but they  never achieve the delicate grandeur of the  underrated Prefab Sprout. The other problem is that they just are a tad too  harmless to carry the torch of indie rock. They lack the depth and emotion  of best groups of the genre. Again, think of the Smiths, early R.E.M., the  Go-Betweens, the aforementioned Magnetic Fields, early Auteurs, the Chills.  The list is endless.<br />I know that this is one of their early recordings  and maybe they will evolve. They certainly have talent and probably they  will become a much better band, but &quot;if you feel sinister....&quot;  only proves that they have still a long, long way to go to really  transcend.
B000002VTE|3.0|Ladies and Gents won Spiritualized critical praise and a small amount of mainstream recognition.  While the album was better than 98%of other releases and deserved some of the praise, it is not the best album by  Spiritualized.  The thing with this album is that it accomplished  bandleader Jason Pierce's melding of traditional soul and gospel with old  school psych-pop.  The results are decidedly mixed:  the title track,  &quot;I think I'm in Love,&quot; &quot;Stay with Me,&quot;Broken  Heart,&quot; and &quot;Cool Waves&quot; are exactly what the whole album  should sound like.  However the rest of the album doesn't work to great  affect.  &quot;Cop Shoot Cop&quot; is too long and the other songs sort of  meander as well.  In my opinion the previous two albums are much better.
0380973464|4.0|This author has taken the daring risk of telling a story that bridges WWII and Information Age, Asia and America, grandfather and grand son, history and science fiction. With incredible realism towards the grit, sweat and  confusion of modern times and jungle war, Stephenson brought me to the  front lines of McArthur's charge across the Phillipines to the equally  agressive hallways of computer corporations. <br />The parallels between his  characters as the author takes us back and forth between both eras,  especially a hacker grandson following in the legacy of his grandfather,  the ultimate WWII cryptologist are delicious. Also, with three or four main  characters, you get thre novels for the price of one. A special GI  accomplishes strange missions in enemy turf in Italy, Finland and Asia. And  an enemy engineer in the Phillipines tries to escape his last assignment, a  huge underground complex which is meant to be his own grave!<br />It also  opened my eyes to several sides of the war that just can't come from a  history text - such as  the all important beginning and meaning of the  Cryptonomican.<br />If you're curious about history, computers, breaking  codes, hacking, science fiction, WWII, adventures  or the like, this thick  tome is an eight course delicacy. It can be read with a technical eye, a  historical eye or just for fun.
0783240287|5.0|I keep humming the tunes, and most important, my 5 year old grand-daughter does too. I'd say we have reviewed it 20 times.
B00003ZA0T|5.0|Every few years a band comes along that embodies our very perception of rock and roll.  It's Slipknot's turn.  This band brings a whole new perspective to what we commoners call music.  Its loud, its violent, its  upsetting, and I love every ear splitting, heart breaking second of it.  Don't miss out on this rollercoaster of a ride through dark places that you  didn't even know existed.
6305807086|5.0|A few years back there was rare failure in the otherwise successful pairing of Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan (see, Sleepless in Seattle and You've Got Mail).  It was called, Joe Versus the Volcano.  That movie begins with  dreary, unpleasant characters in sort of dreary, sometimes bizarre  settings.  In Being John Malkovich, the main characters are sort of dreary  and a little unpleasant.  Cusack looks scruffy and he has a bit of a  personality disorder.  And, you will probably ask yourself or your  companion twice, &quot;Is that really Cameron Diaz?&quot;  She looks so  incredibly unglamerous in this movie.<br />The difference between the two  films is that Being John Malkovich takes things just over the line and into  the realm of the funny.  In Joe, the dreariness was bad fluorescent  lighting in the office.  Being John Malkovich gives us the 7 1/2 floor of  the Mertin-Flemmer building, which is &quot;named after Captain Mertin and  as local legend has it, is also named for a man named Flemmer.&quot;  There  is certainly something to the matter-of-fact way that people accept coming  onto a floor with 5 foot ceilings in the film.<br />At the same time, all of  the bizarre and largely unexplained events (for example, how do people  actual come to be John Malkovich?) are grounded in reality just enough for  you to be genuinely interested in what happens to the characters throughout  the film.  This isn't Brazil, or another over-the-top type of film.  This  is a story of flawed but genuine people who have their goals met or  frustrated in the context of a completely original premise.  The  unbelieveable situations are presented so matter of factly that you accept  it and move on-- a comment on modern life, no doubt.<br />Cusack and Diaz  are perfectly cast in this film.  We are used to seeing Cusack in good guy  role.  In Grosse Pointe Blank, for example, he made a murderer-for-hire as  likeable as the guy next door.  Here he plays against that by demonstrating  some remarkably non-John Cusack moments to full comedic effect.  Diaz plays  a plain and mousy woman in this film and this works for her, too.  Not to  forget Malkovich's performance, in which he plays himself and himself  occupied by another person!<br />The result is an excellent film that  works on many levels.  We aren't meant to ponder whether the events  depicted can actually happen.  Although, there is enough presented here to  launch a number of philosphical discussions.  The film is funny just taken  at face value.  The results when John Malkovich takes a turn being John  Malkovich are some of the most hilarious moments I've seen in a long time.  This film is both broadly funny and darkly funny and slyly funny and  over-the-top funny.  A completely original premise done in superbly  accurate and entertaining manner.<br />The DVD provides some interesting  special features, including clips that the characters watch on TV in the  movie.  The behind-the-scenes segments sort of reflect the moviemaker's  skewed view of the world, but the one segment about an extra whose job it  is to drive past the set on the highway is quite funny and very  interesting.  The picture quality is excellent and the sound is good, too.  Overall, an excellent DVD to add to your library.markably non-John Cusack moments to full comedic effect.  Diaz plays  a plain and mousy woman in this film and this works for her, too.  Not to  forget Malkovich's performance, in which he plays himself and himself  occupied by another person!    <br />The result is an excellent film that  works on many levels.  We aren't meant to ponder whether the events  depicted can actually happen.  Although, there is enough presented here to  launch a number of philosphical discussions.  The film is funny just taken  at face value.  The results when John Malkovich takes a turn being John  Malkovich are some of the most hilarious moments I've seen in a long time.   This film is both broadly funny and darkly funny and slyly funny and  over-the-top funny.  A completely original premise done in superbly  accurate and entertaining manner.<br />The DVD provides some interesting  special features, including clips that the characters watch on TV in the  movie.  The behind-the-scenes segments sort of reflect the moviemaker's  skewed view of the world, but the one segment about an extra whose job it  is to drive past the set on the highway is quite funny and very  interesting.  The picture quality is excellent and the sound is good, too.   Overall, an excellent DVD to add to your library.
B00003CWRX|1.0|I still don't understand how this movie received such high reviews.  This is possibly one of the worst movies I have ever seen in my life.  From start to (a very long) finish the movie just never picks up. Yes, it's a  true story.  But did they need to make a 3 hour movie out of it?  My answer  is a simple NO.  This is just a perfect example of every movie critic not  wanting to get on the bad side of Mike Wallace and saying truthfully the  movie was God awful.
B000002MU3|5.0|To me, \\"Monster\\" showcases R.E.M. at the band's height. Snarling guitars that sometimes vibrate, the occasional head-turning lyrics sung plainly by Michael Stipe, a sense of liberation and some genuine rocking out by a formerly jangly band.<br /><br />The popular \\"What's the Frequency, Kenneth\\" leads off the guitar rock parade, but the real fun gets started on the glammed-out \\"Crush with Eyeliner,\\" a song Courtney Love once said was written about her. This was a song I could not stop playing at one time -- the vibrating guitar and Stipe's drawling voice (singing sexual but strange lyrics) are positively addictive. Similar oscillating guitar work can be heard on the cool \\"I Took Your Name\\" later in the album, too.<br /><br />Other rocking gems include the speedy, super-catchy \\"Star 69\\" (from the days when that's what people punched into their phone pad to discover who called them), the mid-1990s hit \\"Bang and Blame\\" (again some vibrating guitar work) and \\"Circus Envy,\\" which boasts a crunchy in-your-face riff and Stipe's hard-to-decipher-but-surely-hip vocals.<br /><br />On the clever, more quirky side of things, tunes like \\"King of Comedy\\" and \\"I Don't Sleep, I Dream\\" are as entertaining -- and at times lyrically coy -- as anything R.E.M. have ever done. Meanwhile, \\"Strange Currencies\\" would qualify as the syrupy, somewhat retro-sounding \\"love song\\" within the collection of 12 great tunes, and the slow-paced but heavy \\"Let Me In,\\" dedicated to the late great Kurt Cobain, is a guitar-drenched, heart-tugging R.E.M. classic -- even if it was never played once on the radio.<br /><br />Oh yeah, I almost forgot to mention the unforgettable orange of the CD booklet and case. If there was ever a time R.E.M. went over the top, both aesthetically and musically, \\"Monster\\" was it.
B00003CXDD|5.0|I finally got my hands on a copy of this movie at our local video rental  store and I can not wait for this movie to come to DVD!  It is certainly at  the top of my DVD wishlist!  Combining dazzling visual and sound effects,  terrific action sequences (that almost make you wonder why it didn't get a  PG-13), a great cast, and a powerful, unforgettable score by James Horner,  Lucas and Howard came up with an outstanding masterpiece with Willow, and  releasing it on DVD would only make it better!!
B00004TH7Z|5.0|This album is a return to the classic lineup, and it shows.  I used to always anticipate the next Maiden album, but after Adrian left there was something missing and &quot;No prayer...and Fear of the Dark&quot; were  okay but at the bottom of my favorites list.  I honestly admit that I  didn't give the last two albums a chance because I didn't care for the  vocals.  This album, for me, picks up where 7th Son left off, meaning I  enjoyed every track.  Cannot wait to see the tour.  UP THE IRONS!
0195067142|5.0|I write this review from two separate perspectives.  As a graduate of West  Point, our training with regard to wars and individual battles focused on  the larger picture and never quite got into the nitty gritty of battle such  as Prof. Sledge's book does except to state that this or that battle was  especially brutal.  From Prof. Sledge's words, you can hear the artillery  and mortars and bullets above and around you, you can smell the rotting  remains of friends and enemy alike, you can see the incredibly horrid  conditions these boys who became men in a short period of time withstood  and you can feel the fear of the Marine as he waited for his orders to  attack or waited to repulse the next enemy infiltrator in the night.  Incredible imagery.  This book should be read by all young men and women  who wish to be in our military, especially those in our service academies  and ROTC and OCS programs who will lead these soldiers and Marines into  battle, for all wars will be won on the ground by the individual.  As a son  of one of the men of K/3/5 on Peleliu and Okinawa,  I'm in awe of what my  father experienced and accomplished and lived thru and of what all men of  similar combat experience have done.  Nick Kasun never talked much about  the brutality he endured and now I know why.  It would have been too  painful for him to verbalize and relive.  This book is a must read for all  who really want to know what our guys did for our country in combat from  someone who lived it for two of the most brutal battles of the South  Pacific.  TV and the movies can't give you true combat conditions for one  reason:  not many would be able to hold down their popcorn or snacks after  seeing the true version.  I applaud and honor Professor Sledge and the men  of K/3/5.
0679746048|5.0|Girl, Interrupted is by far one of the best books I have ever read.  It is seldom that you get someones perspective of an institution from the inside.  Though there were a few boring parts, the book was overall very well  written.  Another book I reccomend on the same subject is Stop Pretending:  What Happened When My Big Sister Went Crazy.
0812550706|4.0|Of all the science fiction books you'll ever read, none will have the impact that this book has.  The characters Card is able to come up with, and the effectively realistic manner in which he presents their behaviors,  is astounding!  And the ending will leave you stunned!  If you're in the  mood for a good, nostaligic sci-fi read, pick up Ender's Game and see what  classic science fiction is all about.
B0000214F2|5.0|This is really well done.  Robin Williams does a great job, and this is a  fine venue for his signature blend of mania and compassion.  Watch for the  big trial scene at the end -- I won't give it away, but Patch's definition  of &quot;doctor&quot; is absolutely a point to ponder.  There is a lot in  here to mull over, and to inspire.  Monica Potter is beautiful and funny,  and human, and you should be prepared to be really shaken up by what  happens to her.  This movie is not a comedy, although much of it does  provoke laughter.
B00004SCX6|1.0|If you think Britney Spears has a full, remarkable voice you need to clean out your ears. In her latest single, &quot;Oops...I did it again&quot; she sounds like a baby trying to sing the menu of McDonalds. She hasn't come a  long way in voice maturity in the past couple years, that's for sure. Still  the same annoying, teenybopper sound. If you want someone with real sound,  look for the new POP album coming out by LeAnn Rimes. That's true talent.
6305807086|5.0|I have to state that Being John Malkovich was the most refreshing, quirky, imaginative and brilliantly hilarious movie I've ever seen.  Why this movie didn't win any of it's 3 oscar nominations is beyond me.  I have nothing  else to say except that you simply have to see this film.  Buy it  now.................................go on........................you won't  regret it!
0425152251|4.0|It is an extremely wonderful story that will captivate you.  A little bizarre for a while, but for understandable reasons that can only be discovered by finishing the whole book.<br />A great introductoy book into the  world of philosophy.  It gives an overview of most of the worlds famous  philosophers which I found to be educational.
6302642256|5.0|Flight of the Navigator is a movie like no other.  For a movie of its time, the special effects are amazing.  It is for any age viewer, and its replay value is endless!  When I was younger I watched Flight of the  Navigator all the time.  I hope it will be released again, especially for  DVD.  It is worth every effort!
B00003W8NM|5.0|Even though no-one is allowed to talk about Fight Club, I felt I had to.  This film brilliantly portrays a man losing his grip.  Violent yet beautiful, dramatic yet comic.  Excellent performances from one of the best  actors around, Norton, and also from Pitt.  Should have won academy awards  being one of the top 2 movies last year.  Do not miss this movie.
0679746048|5.0|I picked up this book in a Barnes &amp; Noble about 4 months ago. I immediately started reading it and could not put it down. It is compelling and makes me want to learn more about the human mind and psychology. It is  depressing, but wonderful.
B000007OY0|5.0|ip between two men with such different backrounds, but find common ground behind the walls of Shawshank Prison. If you have not seen this movie you are missing out. See it. Believe it. Be it.
B00000JCB2|5.0|This CD is great if you are a rock fan and is really worth purchasing. The music is awesome and they are trying to send some powerful messages.
B00003CWL6|5.0|I am one of those who has been lucky enough to get my hands on a copy of the DVD screener of American Beauty.  This format really allows the movie to flourish.  I watched the Pan and Scan VHS version and the difference is unvelievable.  The picture quality of the transfer is unbelievable.  Crisp,  clear, sharp images, and the colors are spectacular (especially the  ever-present and crucial Red's).  Even though this movie did not have many  surround sound effects, the ambient noise that was produced made for a very  nice field of sound in my viewing room.  The movie was presented in  widescreen, exactly the same as in the theaters.  This was a great film  transfer. There were very few (if any) artifacts in the film, and there was  minimal cases of &quot;shimmering&quot; in the movie.  All in all this DVD  gets a 5/5.  (The only things i didn't like, but i expected since it is a  screener, is that the entire movie is on a single chapter that is 2 hours  long.  And periodically during the movie a notice comes up about illegal  sale, copywrite, public presentation, sales.. yadda yadda yadda).  I have  been borrowing this DVD from an old friend of mine for two weeks now, and I  have watched it at least 12 times.  Each time i watch it, I fear for the  day when i must return it to him.
B0000069NM|5.0|&quot;A music fan&quot; 's review hits it exactly on the mark.  Scofield is tremendous and unlocks the best I have heard of MMW yet.  This CD found its target over and over.
B000031XCR|5.0|I bought this cd about 3 months ago and not a day goes by that I don't listen to it. It has every great and memorable hit from Celine and I guarantee that if you like just 1 song from her that you will love this cd.  It has hits featuring other great artists which makes the tracks  unforgettable!
0887307280|3.0|The E-Myth Revisited really helped me to sort out the difference between being very good at doing something and actually trying to turn that talent or skill into a business. It aptly explains why this happens and does talk  about what to do about it. It delivers on the title's promise and this was  valuable information for me and still worth the money I paid for it.  However, while Mr. Gerber does talk about the &quot;what&quot; to do to  systematize a business, I was still left with not understanding how to put  those systems in place. Perhaps this is intentional since he makes a  blatant pitch at the end of the book for using his business services to  help you with your business development. From my perspective, I don't mind  the pitch. He makes a living as a consultant and has every right to try to  get new business. In talking with an associate of mine about E-Myth  Revisted, he recommended I also buy How To Make Your Business Run Without  You by Susan Carter -- although more expensive, Carter spends less time  focused on what to do and more time on how to do it, which was much more  valuable to me. The two books together really made a complete &quot;from  theory to implementation&quot; library for me. I've now completely changed  my perspective on what it means to be the owner of a business and how to  get out from under the day-to-day tasks that prevent me from successfully  growing the business. In my opinion, this book is worth your time to read  it.
B000031XCR|5.0|I bought this cd about 3 months ago and not a day goes by that I don't listen to it. It has every great and memorable hit from Celine and I guarantee that if you like just 1 song from her that you will love this cd.  It has hits featuring other great artists which makes the tracks  unforgettable!
6303407188|5.0|Edward Wood, Jr. is widely considered to be the worst director ever to  work in motion pictures. Anyone who has seen \\"Plan 9 from Outer  Space\\"-regarded as the worst film ever made-or \\"Glen or Glenda?\\" will  probably agree. It is, therefore, somewhat ironic that Ed Wood's life  should make such a wonderful movie-much better, in fact, then he ever could  have hoped to do.<br />The story concerns Wood's struggles to get his three  most famous movies made (the two listed above plus \\"Bride of the Monster.\\")  Since he worked somewhere below \\"low budget,\\" this was not always easy. At  one point, he and his cast get baptized in a swimming pool, a prerequisite  for getting money from a Baptist Church. Nothing was too much for Eddie,  though, to get his pictures made.<br />Ed Wood was also known for something  other than being a terrible director: he loved to wear women's clothing.  Wood was never happier than when wearing a blond wig, high heels and an  angora sweater...oh, and a moustache, too. When asked if he was a  homosexual, Wood happily replied, \\"No! I'm a transvestite!\\"<br />That sense of  irrepressible good cheer was Wood's most endearing feature. No matter what  happened to him, good or bad, he always took it with a smile. This included  his movies, as well. Ed never met a take he didn't like. The most  unexpected things could occur in a scene and his response would be the  same: \\"It's perfect!\\"<br />As good as those aspects of the film are,  though-and they are very good-they aren't what makes \\"Ed Wood\\" so special.  Seemingly out of nowhere, the most touching part of the film is the  friendship that develops between Wood and decrepit former horror film star,  Bela Lugosi. Lugosi is a drug addict and hasn't worked in years, but to  Wood he's still a star. Ed loves and reveres him. He gives him work in his  movies and tries to take care of him as best he can. Their scenes together  are what make this movie so good.<br />Throughout his career, director Tim  Burton has consistently made remarkable films on the oddest topics  imaginable. From \\"Beetlejuice\\" to \\"Edward Scissorhands\\" and now \\"Ed Wood,\\"  Burton is a filmmaker who takes risks and consistently makes them pay off.  Not only has he made a movie about the worst movie ever made, but he shot  it in black and white! A definite gamble, but he makes it work.<br />The  acting is uniformly good. Johnny Depp is excellent as Wood, doing maybe his  best work in film so far. As good as he is, though, he is overshadowed by  Martin Landau as Bela Lugosi. Landau gives the performance of a lifetime, a  haunting portrayal of this once great man. Landau's work alone is enough to  recommend \\"Ed Wood.\\" Throw in Vincent D'Onofrio's uncanny cameo as a young  Orson Welles, and you end up with one of the best films of 1994.
B00004RFDW|5.0|This film dives deep into your perception of the tobbacco industry, news programs, and major decision making.  No matter how you feel about the things mentioned above, this is just an unbelievable movie.  Russell Crowe  should have definitely won the oscar for best actor.  But, besides all  that, it will make you ask the question: &quot;Would I be willing to risk  everything to expose a corporation that has been slowly killing people for  years and years?&quot;  When I saw it in the theatre, I came out asking  that question and feeling good about myself at the same time.  This is a  definite must see.  Great acting, great story.
6303426468|4.0|Arnold Schwarzenegger is probably my favorite movie star.  For my money,  there is no greater action hero.  I think I enjoy him even more, though, in  his lighter, more comedic movies.  Take \\"Junior,\\" for example.  It is one  of the most charming, delightful and funny films I've seen in a long time.   Arnold proves once again that he is as comfortable and self-assured in high  concept comedy as he is in high octane action.  This film is a real  winner.<br />Schwarzenegger stars as Dr. Alex Hesse, a biochemist doing  research on a revolutionary new wonder drug that eliminates miscarriages.   Helping him to develop \\"Expectane\\" is Dr. Larry Arbogast (Danny DeVito), an  obstetrician and fertility doctor.  Their project is jeopardized, though,  when the FDA refuses to give them approval.  The university cuts off their  funding, kicks them out and turns their lab over to Dr. Diana Reddin (Emma  Thompson).<br />Fearing the loss of a potential fortune, Arbogast convinces  Alex to test the drug on himself.  They implant a fertilized egg in Alex's  stomach and he starts taking Expectane, along with huge doses of female  hormones.  Those hormones set-up most of the comedy in the film, along with  some of its better moments.<br />Alex gradually starts to take on the  \\"typical\\" traits of a pregnant woman.  He has mood swings, desires for  strange food, soft skin and tender nipples.  Watching Arnold play these  scenes is part of what makes this film so enjoyable.  The hormones don't  keep him from falling in love, though.  Alex's romance with the shy,  awkward Dr. Reddin is both cute and funny.<br />The casting is probably the  best thing about \\"Junior.\\"  It's hard to imagine any other actor pulling  this off.  As in \\"Twins\\" and \\"Kindergarten Cop,\\" Schwarzenegger plays  against his macho image, getting both laughs and smiles by showing us his  kinder, gentler side.  As a performer, he just keeps getting better and  better.<br />It should come as no surprise that Ivan Reitman, thedirector of  those two earlier Schwarzenegger films, was at the helm of \\"Junior.\\"  His  steady, unobtrusive touch is just what is needed for both the laughs and  the more poignant moments in the story.  Coming on the heels of his  previous film \\"Dave,\\" Reitman is emerging as the top director of light  comedy in the business.  The screenplay by Kevin Wade and Chris Conrad is  quite good, with just the right mix of funny and serious moments.<br />Emma  Thompson sets aside the staid, upper class image that serves her so well in  Merchant-Ivory productions, and returns to her comedic roots, turning in a  terrific performance that hits all the right notes.  DeVito's character is  not a new one for him, but he plays it excellently all the same.<br />\\"Junior\\"  is a wonderful film for the whole family.  Younger kids might be a little  bored by it, but older ones-along with their parents-will find plenty to  enjoy.
B000002U8G|5.0|Did you all know that the album cover is a picture of an ear! It is really.
0761119752|5.0|This is the third Boyton bedtime book I have including the Going to Bed Book and Snoozers.  At first I thought it would be too similiar to the others but my children love it.  This one has a nice rhythm to it and the  text is hilarious.  The illustrations are classic Boyton, but different  enough to hold the interest of young children.
B000007MVZ|5.0|I agree with you Australia- this is the best album of all-time.  I have yet to hear an album that combines as much passion and energy as &quot;A Pagan Place&quot; does. Saw them open up for U2 during the 14 city  'Unforgettable Fire' tour of America- they blew me away.
B000002OG8|5.0|If you want superb melodic guitar with haunting lyrics and mystical themes, it comes no better than &quot;Argus&quot;. Ted Turner provides the emotional, spiritual if you will, lead guitar counterpoint to Andy Powell's  axe. &quot;Sometime World&quot; and the &quot;Time Was&quot; intro create  an inspirational, dream-like atmosphere. &quot;Argus&quot; grooves on a  higher plane!
B000003TA4|5.0|Face it everyone, this recording MADE the music of today.  It made the bands of today, and changed the society.  It was rated the #1 album of the 90s on VH1, and I think it is one of the 5 most important albums of all  time.  It is sort of a major label debut, and it is marvelous.  Almost  everyone knows some of the songs on the CD.  My favorites are Lithium, Teen  Spirit, and In Bloom.  But practically every song is good.  This is a must  have!
0446677450|3.0|This book was basically a treatise cheerleading for people to get savvy,  take some risk, and make their money work.  It was purely a motivational  book, and not at all the &quot;how to&quot; book I thought it would be.  A  lot of the same ideas and thoughts were repeated over and over again.  If  you're looking to be convinced that you should be investing, buy this book.   If you're looking for ways to invest, this is not your book.  Perhaps some  of the author's other books give this information.
B00000JCB2|4.0|This is definently one of the most popular albums of 1999.  Put it this way, you have Just Like This, Rearranged, Nookie, Break Stuff, and N 2gether now on 1 album, its a real smash.  There are great loud funky  tracks on there.  I noticed some filler, which is annoying.  But the first  5 songs are good, and Show Me What You Got is also a great song.  I  recommend it if you like rap-metal.
6305736650|5.0|I watched this movie as a kid and thought it was terribly boring too.  As an adult I try to watch it about once a year.  It's one of my top five favorite movies.  Why?  Dunno.  But there's a magic in there somewhere.   It's not the most exciting, action-filled, super-deep story and modern  performers can often act circles around these classic actors, but the quick  dialog, character interactions, and sense of humor in a time of impending  doom continues to draw me back.  Forget Ingrid Bergman's phoney-baloney  dramatics, Bogie's flashbacks and the manipulative but powerful scene in  the bar where the French and Germans start singing their national anthems  and just let yourself be pulled into their world and enjoy a very fine film  that somehow makes it all click.   I'm also a big fan of Bogie's Key Largo  and Maltese Falcon.
B00003CWTI|5.0|Paul Thomas Anderson excels at writing tragic and love deprivedcharacters. The deft director proved this ability in his secondfeature, &quot;Boogie Nights&quot;, which is considered by many, including Roger Ebert, a sprawling masterpiece. At the age of 29 P.T. Anderson has been praised as part of Hollywood's young and innovative directors. Just by seeing &quot;Boogie Nights&quot; one can notice Anderson's affection and keenness for cinema. His camera movement is electrifying. He shoots long, subtle takes that slither from one character to the next. And when tasked with assembling a cast, he can put the comparable Robert Altman to shame.  Born and raised in Los Angeles's San Fernando Valley, Paul didn't feel that rules apply to him (one can notice this in his editing process), so, he dropped out of high school due to bad grades and a lack of interest.  Anderson spent most of his time either at the theatre or working as a production assistant on various television movies. Much like directors such as Martin Scorsese and Spike Lee have the map of New York engraved in their palms, Anderson knows L.A like the back of his hand.  <br />&quot;Magnolia&quot;, which is a moody film, manages to hold your attention for an entire three hours without seeming tedious or pretentious.  It tells stories of chance and coincidence and is able to prove that strange things do happen. Complex and bizarre matters are feasible. Take the assassination of President John F. Kennedy for instance. But what about the dozens of missiles Iraq launched at Israel during the Gulf War in 1991? These missiles were supposed to inflict a substantial number of casualties, but only two people died and a few were moderately injured. These unexplainable acts do occur. As one of the film's characters says, &quot;these strange things happen all the time&quot;. <br />All but one of the characters in this movie has at least one tragic incident in his/her background. These people, both rich and poor, lead lonely and depressing lives. The film's opening credit sequence appropriately plays the song &quot;One Is The Loneliest Number&quot;, which is sung by Aimee Mann. But, the sheer beauty of these 10 assorted characters Anderson compiles is that they all want to redeem themselves by mending the wrong they've caused. These are neglected human beings who yearn for attention. <br />With excellent performances ranging from Tom Cruise, in his most audacious role to date, to Melora Walters, the ensemble cast is first-rate. Clocking in at 190 minutes, this is the year's longest, and perhaps best film. A great deal of patience is required, but if you're willing to sit through it all, the payoff is worthwhile. &quot;Magnolia&quot; is an awe-inspiring motion picture. It delivers deep emotions that rarely grow weary or sell out much like most of the sappy and artificial dramas currently in theatres. When we see William H. Macy's character, Quiz Kid Donny Smith, pleading for his job as an electronic salesman, informing his boss that there is not a worse time for him to be unemployed, the actor's subtle facial expression as he faces the torment of not being able to hold on to a job, is on the money. Later on when the audience hears him say, &quot;My name is Quiz Kid Donny Smith and I have a lot of love to give&quot;, our hearts go out to his bluntness in admitting an intimate secret. This is the sort of integrity &quot;Magnolia&quot; sustains. It is straightforward in expressing the pain of reality. Such as molestation, sexual infidelity, child abuse, and responsibilities. <br />On a technical level, it's candy for the eye. From the Scorsese-like camera movement to original angle shots, almost every frame is saturated with beautiful colors. The kinetic camerawork and quick cuts all add up to its look. The soundtrack is booming. With numerous songs from Aimee Mann and a score composed by Jon Brion, the tone is well set. Cruise, who is better in the 45 minutes on-screen here than he was in the entire &quot;Eyes Wide Shut&quot;, is wickedly brutal.<br />&quot;Magnolia&quot; begins with the narration of three unrelated stories, which I will not reveal due to their ingenuity. Then, we are taken to the present day and introduced to ten L.A dwellers. Meet Frank T.J. Mackey (Tom Cruise), a seminar guru whose program, &quot;Seduce and Destroy&quot;, teaches indecisive men how to pick up gorgeous women. Frank's motto, makes him a male icon for millions. His father, Earl Partridge (Jason Robards), is rapidly dying of cancer and wishes to see Frank, who has not spoken to him for quite some time, before his ultimate demise. Earl's trophy wife, Linda (Julianne Moore), has a guilty conscience since she only now begins to love her husband, who she just married for his money. Earl's caretaker, Phil Parma (Phillip Seymour Hoffman), has the difficult task of locating Frank. <br />There's the story of a boy genius named Stanley Spector (Jeremy Blackman), who is getting tired of always answering the questions on a famous television show, &quot;What Do Kids Know?&quot; The pompous host of this show, Jimmy Gator (Phillip Baker Hall), is dying of cancer as well, and wants to clear up matters with his family. His cocaine-snorting daughter, Claudia (Melora Walters), refuses to speak to him, and throws a tantrum when they interact in the beginning. The ex-boy genius, Quiz Kid Donny Smith (William H. Macy), wants corrective oral surgery (braces) to impress a bartender named Brad, who also has braces. And finally there's Officer Jim Kurring (John C. Reilly), an honest and bible abiding cop who has fallen in love with Claudia. Jim is a philanthropist that screeches every time he is exposed to vulgar language. <br />&quot;Magnolia&quot; takes an interlude in the middle for a song sequence in which all the characters nonchalantly sing the lyrics to Aimee Mann's &quot;Wise Up&quot;. By this scene you have to acknowledge the fact that Anderson is a bold filmmaker. After sitting on theaccolades of &quot;Boogie Nights&quot; for a while, Anderson wanted to take advantage of his power in Hollywood and make a risky movie, even if it meant taking over three hours out of our lives. As for the amphibious creatures displayed in the film's posters and trailers, prepare to be shocked. I was able to empathize with these characters, for they are all tormented souls experiencing difficult dilemmas. Such as Cruise's situation of whether he should see his dying father, who he feels contempt for. This movie will not appeal to some. It demands a lot of attention and time, so those moviegoers who prefer to see nonsensical films, catch &quot;Deuce Bigalow&quot;, for the more artistic film-lovers, &quot;Magnolia&quot; is not to be missed.
0440178002|5.0|....of love and intrigue in ancient Japan.  Well-drawn characters and a complex plot.
0002171856|4.0|All together a pretty good book.  The book gives you a lot of useful information and is well organized.  Discusses knot tying, trapping, ways to obtain drinking water, building shelters and  starting fires. Covers  various climates and terrain.  A good basic guide but I'm still searching  for something a little more detailed.
0767903854|4.0|Bill Bryson travels Australia - by train, plane and car, investigates cities and the lonely vast outback, goes boogie boarding in the surf (always mindful of sharks, rips, seasnakes and jellyfish) and generally has  a great time.  Bill has done his homework - I can vouch for many of his  tales - a good read.
6302902010|5.0|I would like to thank everyone for wanting to know, \\"where's Porgy and  Bess\\"?  I thought I was the only one that had ever seen the original 1959  version. I have been searching for this movie for fifteen years...really.   It left such a great impression on me. Sidney Poitier, Dorothy Dandridge,  Sammy Davis Jr. and the rest of the cast made history and it will last a  life time.  When it's released, be it on DVD or VHS, I'm going to purchase  copies for each of my family members.  I have always loved the story of  Porgy and Bess it should be shared with as many people as possible.  The  day it's released I'm going to have a party and invite all of my friends  over to experience that magical event.  AGAIN, THANK YOU ONE AND ALL.  The  people voices win again, thank you Amazon.  There is no other website for  me, I know now you are there to serve your customers.
B00004RFFM|4.0|This movie is great. It centers around genetically engineered sharks. When  the sharks rebel, all hell breaks loose. The shark gets free, causing the  gruesome death of crew member after crew member. It will keep you  interested the whole time, and hey, Samuel L. Jackson's in it, so it can't  be all bad, right? Just an excellent action-packed thrillride.
B00002MZ2C|3.0|This album really does sound almost exactly the same as RATM's second album, Evil Empire. The music is just too repetitive, and as a result, this album becomes very boring, very quickly. Sure, at first the songs like  Guerrila Radio, New Millenium Homes and Sleep Now in the Fire may sound  like high quality songs and they may also strike a note withh rock/metal  fans' tastes, but the appeal of such songs diminshes very fast.<br />Tom  Morello tries his hardest on the geetarz, and hes long standing talent is  still there, and can cleary be seen as he continues to get a distinct sound  trademark on almost every song on the CD. And Zack's voice is also still as  recognisable as ever, also adding to the albums appeal to old RATM  fans.<br />The band still rock when they are viewed live, and I still listen  to their first two albums (self titled and Evil Empire)occasionally, but  thats not really what you are thinking of buying now, is it?<br />My opinion?  Try their back catalogue before buying this.
B000021Y77|4.0|Definitely one of the most innovative movies I have seen recently, and this DVD edition really gives you the special features that you want. This movie will always have you asking &quot;What next! &quot;
B000000H5K|5.0|Sepultura fans, and fans of tribal metal music alike, this album surpasses any album that I have ever encountered. But sadly, it is to be, most likely, a sole standing classic after the world watched in dissmay at the  exit of Max Cavalera (to form Soulfly) from this awesomely powerful  band.<br />This album opens with &quot;Roots Bloody Roots&quot;. Where do I  begin? This song has to be one of the most recognised pieces of metal music  the world has seen to this day. The driving riff's provided by Anderas  Kisser and the harshly dry, passioante bellowing vocals of Max, combined by  a repetitve kicking bass effect make this song make you want to lose  yourself in an anger that can only be created by such intensity as  Sepultura.<br />Then there's other f**king powerful songs like  &quot;Dusted&quot; that feel like a kick in the head, and also provide the  same rythmic bass hit and driving guitar's that only Sepultura could  attain. And other creative songs, produced with tribal drumming and singing  such as &quot;Ratamahatta&quot;, which is hypnotically catchy (if only it  were easy to understanf though....). &quot;Cut Throat&quot; is also a  vocal's masterpiece by Max, with him achieving levels and tones of  screaming that I thought never thought possible. And all done without  effects to make his voice reach that level (eg. coal chamber's  vocals)<br />Also, this albums tribal background set this band apart from all  the other metal bands. It gives the music more depth, and in tern, make the  album sound more sincere to a purpose, which is to express their culture  and background through this music. And its this tribal edge that Sepultura  has/had that gave it such a dominance over various other metal bands. It  also made Sep a band unlike no other, with little if any bands conciding  the tribal aspect of music.<br />If only all metal could be this f**king  good.....
6304401132|4.0|I've had a copy of this since I had a BETA (yikes!)  I didn't know from Cinescope or Panagraphic, but I did know that the animated style reminded me of stained glass.  No, not like the moments at the beginning of Beauty  and the Beast, but really a sort of 2-dimensional color-saturated eye  candy.  And I mean that in the most positive way!<br />Yes, the characters  move with all the grace of any Disney animation.  But the overall  impression I got was of gothic illuminated texts, or stained glass  windows.....you get what I mean.<br />This was something original and  refreshing, an animated &quot;look&quot; that was not merely consistent  from one artist to another but in concept itself.<br />And of course, they  give full justice to the rousing story!  So for a  &quot;different&quot;  Disney look, by all means look into Sleeping Beauty!
B00000JCB2|2.0|this album was lagging behind Limp's debut album when it was in production. like many others comments may have said, this album has fairly pointless lyrics, all pretty much boasting their sexual appitude and what  new friends and connections Fred Durst has made within the hip hop and  metal community (method mad, Jon from KoRn, etc...)<br />this album's musical  content on the other hand is well put together on the plus side. Wes plays  some fine guitar riffs to give a small minority of Limp's songs an edge  over the next rap/metal clone.<br />i bought this album expecting it to  surpass the underground-gone-sellout first album, but it failed. fairly  dismal
0446310786|5.0|The book To Kill a Mockingbird was very well written about Pre-judgments. Pre-judgements are still very common in the world today.<br />This book was very easy to read and was very understandable. I also liked the book  because it showed very many real life situations. What really stuck out to  me was the relationships that Atticus built with the black people. They  trusted Atticus in every way possible. Back then it was looked down upon to  be friends with black people, let alone defend them in a courtroom. Not  very many people believed it was right to be friends with black people.  Atticus, Jem, and Scout, didn't care what people said. They did what was  right in their hearts and that's all that matters.<br />I think everyone  should read and enjoy this book at least once in their lifetime. It will  open and expand your mind about racism and pre-judgements.
B00000K19E|5.0|I am a huge fan of the Matrix having seen it three times in the theatres and now having my own copy, but I figured that I was the target demographic. What surprised me was how uniformly engaging the Matrix is - I  was standing in a long line in the video store check out with the Matrix  playing on the in-store displays. These could not be the target demographic  - the people in front of me were getting a Disney movie; in front of them a  foreign film; and several others in front of them. While the wait was long,  no one seemed to be in a rush since everyone was fixated on the Matrix. And  this is Manhattan, New York City, where we are typically an impatient  bunch.<br />The particular sequence that was holding us all captive was a  shoot-out in a building's lobby. The hero and heroine take on and overcome  many bad guys with some great gun-play and acrobatics. There is great  initial framing and the stunts and action are truly impressive. Having seen  this sequence many times myself at home in slow-mo, I was watching everyone  else in line - their necks were all craned, not a word was spoken. I've  never seen another movie hold everyone's attention so completely.<br />This is  only one of several fantastic action sequences. And what makes this movie  great is the consistency of the plot and elements of the story, which other  reviewers have noted in detail.  As evidence of this consistency, as a  challenge see if you can answer this: &quot;In the last action sequence  with two other agents chasing Keanu Reeves, Agent Smith knows to head  directly for a particular building and room. How does he know to pre-empt  Keanu Reeves by heading straight to this room while the other agents simply  chase?&quot; If you can't answer this question, you haven't seen the movie  enough times.
B00004T8RK|5.0|You probably won't like it the first time through. PJ discs are difficult to digest at first, but eventually become clear masterpieces (with the exception of Vitalogy, which is a mess). The beauty of PJ now is that each  song brings something new and unique and they aren't cashing in on a sound  or a style. The play their songs and it makes the discs very listenable.  You may skip a few tracks (Matt Cameron's Evacuation could have been on  Superunknown and is too clunky), but you will find a new sound around every  corner on Binaural. This disc borrows from some of the best attributes of  the previous five studio discs and puts them together. These guys are the  best out there.
0783240503|4.0|As someone who was in a production of Joseph as a kid, I really enjoyed this.  It was an interesting premise to switch it from something the kids did, to having the teachers act out the parts.  And if I take things right,  a musical for children was the original intention for this work.  <br />I've  never seen Joseph by a professional company, so I can't really comment on  this.  But I felt overall, the cast worked well together, and that, while  others feel like it didn't match up to live stage performances, perhaps a  direct comparison is not totally fair.  Judged on its merits, its an  enjoyable show, with an intriguing mix of musical styles and good set  design.  I particularly had fun with the Pharoah character, and Richard  Attenborough leant a great dignity (with a hit of comedy) to his role too.   The narrator adds a lot to the character of the work.  Overall, I'm pretty  impressed, though I agree, the sound quality leaves a bit to be desired.
0393317552|5.0|Yali's question: why indeed do the Europeans have more cargo then the Papuans? The author asserts that the answer lies in the proximate  causes--Guns, Germs and Steel. He goes on to explore why history transpired  as it did: what were the ultimate causes that enabled the Europeans to  possess those three proximate causes of victory when the collision between  civilizations came about?<br />It is a compelling book. The idea may be old,  themes trite, but the author looks affresh at the evidence thus far, and  weaves a fine piece of work.<br />Some readers may feel that the author has  overlooked the role played by culture (religion, language, tradition, etc.)  and chance. One may legitimately wonder why the Fertile Cresent, despite  possessing the most conducive environement for the growth of civilization  is not leading the race now. I don't think the criticism is fair. The  author, I believe, have discounted those aspects simply because their lack  of importance to what he sets out to prove: why the Europeans possessed the  proximate causes of victory that other civilizations lacked? Those who are  interested in cultural, organizational, political and economic factors  should consult David Landes's book.
B000002KYR|4.0|Hard to believe as it may be now, ZZ Top's first appearance on MTV in 1983 (for the ace video of &quot;Gimmie All Your Lovin'&quot;) was quite a shock to long term fans.  For all of that, &quot;Eliminator&quot; is not a sell  out album.  Sure, the boys added a few sythesizers to the mix, but this is  still the same blooze and boogie that is their trademark.  The highlights  include the aforementioned &quot;Gimme,&quot; as well as &quot;Legs,&quot;  &quot;Sharp Dressed Man,&quot; and &quot;Got Me Under Pressure.&quot;  Not  their best album (&quot;El Loco&quot; claims that title), but a good  crossover to the mainstream.
B00004RHZU|4.0|I just got &quot;Can't Take me Home&quot; today. It's a really good album - actually, I would rate it 4 and a half stars, but there are no &quot;half&quot; stars that are available...<br />So here's a little scoop on  each track if you're considering buying this:<br />1) Split Personality - I  LOVE this song. Whenever I saw her in concert [opening for 'N Sync] on June  2nd, she performed this song and I adored it immediately. It's very unique  and she has a great voice in it. It can relate to me - because I have so  many different personalities too.<br />2) Hell Wit Ya - When I first listened  to this song, I didn't know if I was really going to be that crazy about  it. But it's a really good song, even though it's too short. It's  catchy.<br />3) Most Girls - Like #1, I absolutely love this song. It is so  awesome. Pink is showing [yet again] how unique she is. <br />4) There You Go  - it's hard not to like this song. But, when I first heard it -- the first  SEVERAL times I heard it -- I disliked it. Then, it grew on me. It's  reeeeeally catchy, kinda like &quot;Hell Wit' Ya.&quot;<br />5) You Make Me  Sick - this song was good and all, but it was not one of the better songs  on the album.<br />6) Let Me Let You Know - this song has nice vocals, but it  just isn't really Pink's style. Not one of the better songs on this  album.<br />7) Love Is Such a Crazy Thing - now this is what I call a musical  masterpiece. Pink's vocals in this song bear really strong resemblance to  the likes of Mary J. Blige. This is an awesome song! One of my  favorites.<br />8) Private Show - this one... well, you'll either like it or  hate it. I don't really have any specific comments about it. It was  good.<br />9) Can't Take Me Home - this is AWESOME. This song is definitely  the style I expected from this album. It's straight out, the beat is blunt,  and I'm loving it.<br />10) Stop Falling - I think this is my favorite song on  the album. Although it is definitely not Pink's normal style, this ballad  is beautiful. Her voice is so amazing in this song. <br />11) Do What U Do -  this song has a nice message in it. It's saying to be yourself - a thing  Pink definitely does - and to speak your mind, which I think is cool.<br />12)  Hiccup - This is probably the most unique song on the album. Not the best,  I said, but the most UNIQUE. It's pretty cool... the chorus gets kind of  old after the first few times though<br />13) Is It Love - okay, this one was  probably my least favorite song on the album. Her voice is just... too  scratchy or something like that, in the chorus. It's not that good. The  beat saves it from being a BAD song, but it's just not that  good.<br />OVERALL: Pink has a style I've never saw in a singer before. This  CD has became an immediate favorite and I have only listened to this CD  once. Also, you can't say she is not just talented vocally - she writes  most of her songs. If she keeps this up, she will be around for quite a  while. Not a one hit wonder here! <br />Oh - the song [track 9] &quot;Can't  Take me Home&quot; has &quot;#1 SINGLE&quot; written all over it. It should  be her next single; even though &quot;Stop Falling&quot; is her best song,  it's too &quot;draggy&quot; for today's population's taste. Hey, I didn't  say *I* didn't love it. But - about the song &quot;Can't Take me Home&quot;  - I think THAT'S  the kind of style everyone wants to hear from Alecia  Moore.<br />This is a very good CD and it was worth every cent. Pink has  definite talent &amp; staying power.
B000002WYT|5.0|Being a big Dave Matthews Band fan, I have scores of concert bootlegs, and so in order to properly review &quot;Crash,&quot; I had to go back and listen to the actual album so I could remember what the studio recordings  sounded like. There's always sort of an artificial feel to DMB's studio  recordings, mainly because they don't expand into eight and 12-minute jam  sessions. They are simply the jam sessions reduced to an album-length  format. Because almost all of the songs on &quot;Crash&quot; had been  performed by DMB numerous times by the time they got onto and album.  But  all that aside, it's an excellent record. &quot;Crash&quot; catches a lot  of flak and criticism for being a departure from the original highly  organic sound of &quot;Under the Table and Dreaming.&quot; But it's not as  if this is an entirely different band. This was much more of an electric  album. Tim Reynolds' mind-blowing guest guitar work here is mainly done  with electrics rather than acoustics, and so the sound is a little edgier  than Dave's fans were used to. I still have to commend Steve Lilywhite  (their producer) for his fantastic audio work in polishing DMB's material.   But back to the album.  There are very few songs on here that are not  really, really good. The concept behind &quot;Crash&quot; (the song, not  the album) is really funny in that most people think it's a love song...  but listen to it closely... it's not. &quot;So Much to Say&quot; is one of  the most fun songs I've ever heard. The main songs that I have problems  with are &quot;Cry Freedom&quot; and &quot;Proudest Monkey.&quot; &quot;Cry  Freedom&quot; is really not that great of a song, even though its message  is, and &quot;Proudest Monkey,&quot; while the jam session for it is really  cool, is probably too long to be on a studio album (the song clocks in at  about 9:08). The main problem is that the instrumentation on the jam is too  sparse, unlike future sessions on &quot;Before These Crowded Streets.&quot;   But the best songs on the album have to be &quot;Two Step&quot; and  &quot;Lie in Our Graves.&quot; &quot;Two Step,&quot; despite not having a  traditional rock rhythm until the chorus, is one of the most rocking songs  I have ever heard, and &quot;Lie in Our Graves...&quot; well... I don't  know. It just has something about it that makes it so cool. I can't really  explain it. I'm a big fan of rhythm, and DMB definitely has rhythm aplenty.  Carter Beauford is the God of all drummers and Stefan Lessard is probably  the best bassist I've ever heard. &quot;Crash&quot; is a very good album.  Not the best DMB has released, but very good nonetheless.
B00004SCX6|4.0|I never really liked Britney Spears until someone let me borrow her C-D. I thought she sang great, but some songs were on the slow side.Besides that, the C-D was good, but I still like Christina Aguleria better.
B00003CWL5|2.0|... and best director?  Best original screenplay?  Something tells me the votes were stolen at the same time as the Oscars.<br />American Beauty is a long way from the worst movie of last year, but it's even further from the  best.  <br />This satire purports to hold a candle up to the hidden underbelly  of suburban America.  It doesn't.  While the story premise isn't bad, the  characterization turns out to be almost uniformly one-dimensional (only  Mena Suvari has any fun with her role). You pretty much know what to expect  from each character within forty or fifty frames of meeting them.  Where's  the beef?<br />American Beauty is beautifully filmed, but anyone who thinks  this work reveals anything whatsoever about America probably believes  everyone in France wears a beret and eats frogs......
630575067X|4.0|I agree with Timothy below. I thoroughly enjoyed this movie. Darth Maul is outstanding, and I'm sure Lucas has many equally sinister characters yet to come in this series. Jar-Jar Binks has been taking a lot of understandable  flack, but I saw this film 5 times in the theater, and I grew to understand  his ways and speech better with every viewing.   Yikes, do I dare say I  even liked him?
B00000J7JO|5.0|What can i say!  if u don't own this cd, frankly, you are making a big mistake 'cos this cd is fantastic! Although there has only been three single releases, this cd can offer so much to every music fan out there. i  believe the best songs to be 'californication' &amp; 'easily'. So please go  &amp; buy this cd, you wont regret it!
B000002BE9|5.0|I thought this first outing was breathtaking. Fiona is a direct example of someone utilizing knowledge of self in relation to others,and clearly defining and expressing this through her voice and finger tips.
0312853238|5.0|Ender's Game was so good, I read all 3 of the sequels.. They're great, too!
B000002IZ4|5.0|I bought this CD for one reason: &quot;Vasoline.&quot; I love that song! However, upon further listening, I found that each and every song was brilliant in its own way. From the hard-edged, organized insanity of songs  like &quot;Army Ants,&quot; &quot;Meatplow,&quot; and &quot;Vasoline,&quot;  STP goes into softer territory with &quot;Big Empty,&quot; and &quot;Pretty  Penny.&quot;  There's something for everybody out there. If at first you  only like a couple of songs, force yourself to listen to the whole CD--you  will love it!  Oh, and don't forget the secret song after #11  (&quot;Kitchenware and Candy Bars&quot;)-it's hilarious!
B00000J2PH|5.0|Having seen Carole King on the talk show circuit recently, it reminded me of how many joyous hours I spent in my car listening to her music on my eight track.  I immediately thought of the Tapestry album and went to  Amazon in its search.  I didn't want to buy Carole King's Greatest Hits or  anything like that.  I wanted to know that when &quot;I Feel The Earth  Move&quot; ended, it would be followed by &quot;So Far Away&quot; because  that's how I remember all of her songs.....in order according to this  album.  Since it arrived, I've played it constantly and just recently  ordered another one so I could keep one in the car and one in the house.  If there's one great CD you buy this year, make it this one -- you won't be  disappointed.
B000002C1X|5.0|Wow......<br />If anyone could sum up this album in one word, that would be it.  'The Wall' is not only the ultimate Pink Floyd album(in my opinion, at least), it is the most creative and awe-inspring recording probably ever.   From the explosive opening guitar riff of &quot;In The Flesh?&quot; to the  final harmonies of &quot;Outside The Wall&quot;, 'The Wall' takes the most  extensive journey of the mind, heart and soul of any rock album ever made.   With the excellent production of Bob Ezrin (who also produced KISS' classic  'Destroyer'), to the legendary David Gilmour and of course, the brainchild  of the whole thing, Roger Waters, The Floyd told the story of a man who was  at war his whole life with one person - himself.  From the death of his  father in WWII, his overprotective mother, his superstardom as a rock  musician and the excess which accompanied it, his unfaithful wife, his  inability to cope with the rest of the world, and finally, his freefall  into insanity, no other recording in history has come as close to telling  an actual story so completely and masterfully, in just the confines of  music.  While experiencing 'The Wall', one can't help but feel the angst of  &quot;Another Brick In The Wall Part 2&quot;, the confusion of &quot;Empty  Spaces&quot;, the uncontrollable rage of &quot;One Of My Turns&quot;, the  hopelessness of &quot;Goodbye Cruel World&quot;, and the guilt of &quot;The  Trial&quot;.  This album never fails to get my emotions going, and one of  the unique qualities 'The Wall' has, it that one discovers something new in  it with each listen.  The outstanding production covered all the bases;  there are hidden messages behind every background noise, spoken phrase,  etc., to help bring the entire plot together.  This is without a doubt my  favorite album out of my entire catalog, and something I can never let sit  long enough to collect any dust.  So, in closing, sit back with an open  ear, an open mind, take the time to listen to allof the lyrics, and enjoy  arguably the best album of all time.<br />Isn't this where......
0688170528|5.0|If you've yet to read a book by Jodi Picoult, The Pact is a good place to start.  Once here, you will be introduced to a terrific author and will probably vow to read everything she has written.  This is how it was for me  when I read this book.  There are very few books that I'll read and be able  to say &quot;I absolutely LOVED it.&quot;  This was one of those rare books  that I was able to say those words.  This story tracks the lives of two  American families, the Hartes and the Golds, living on a cul de sac and  raising their kids together.  Chris Harte and Emily Gold were born just  weeks apart and spent most of their childhood playing together.  Of course,  it was each family's dream that they would grow up and eventually fall in  love giving credence to the &quot;happily every after story&quot;.  As we  follow Chris and Emily through their childhood into their teen years, we  share the same dreams as the parents and are delighted when the two finally  find their friendship becoming one of intimacy.  When Emily dies of a  gunshot wound, there are plenty of questions to be answered and what  follows will keep you spellbound.  This is a book that any parent of a teen  can relate to and also should be suggested reading for teens themselves.  This book screams to be an Oprah pick...it's that good and even better.
B00004T9UF|4.0|Calling all social degenerates, criminals and the psychologically unhinged - REJOICE, for you have an icon, and his name is Marshall! This album certainly has IMPACT! The darkly comic theme which permeates this sophomore  offering will have Middle American parents choking on their mega-burgers;  with sinister, atmospheric production by Mel-man, Dre and Eminem himself.  There is clear evidence of Eminem baring his soul as an artist, 'Who Knew'  and 'Marshall Mathers' have a distinctly carthartic air. But don't despair  Shady fans - Em remains as lyrically uncompromising as ever, with MTV  presenters, Britney Spears, N-Sync and Christina Aguilera all impaled on  the sharp end of his forked tongue. The one major gripe would be that the  'less than special' tracks are exceptionally bad and as such, are  detrimental to the production as a whole. However, collaborations with Em's  own posse D12 and various others from Dre's stable supplement an already  spectacular album. Personal favourites include 'Marshall Mathers' and 'Drug  Ballad', a marvellously eclectic depiction of the personal turmoil of drug  addiction set against fine production by Dre. And for all the macabre,  gothic, social misfits amongst you Em offers descriptive tales of murder,  suicide and downright maniacal tendencies on the ominous 'Kim' and  disturbing 'Stan'. In fact, the only social groups who wouldn't find  something to appreciate here would be parents and homosexuals, to whom Em  maintains a relentless tirade of denigration and disgust.  ...e a perfect combination,  reminiscent of Dr. Dre and Snoop in the &quot;Chronic&quot; days.  &quot;Kill You&quot;, &quot;Who Knew&quot;, &quot;I'm Back&quot; and  &quot;Remember Me&quot; w/RBX and Sticky Fingaz are all classics from the  Dr. Dre and Melman production boards.  &quot;Drug Ballad&quot; and  &quot;Kim&quot; are also tight.  The two best tracks, on the CD, however  are B Please II w/Dr. Dre, Snoop Dogg, Nate Dogg, and Xzibit and  &quot;Stan&quot;w/Dido.  On &quot;B Please 2&quot; Eminem shows that he  can flow with the 2 of the West's best, Snoop Dogg and Xzibit.   &quot;Stan&quot; is one of Eminem's most creative tracks.  It's about one  of Eminem's fans that writes him letters, comparing him to Eminem's so  called life.  For the first three verses, Eminem tells Stan's side of the  story, and each verse as they go on comes with more rage than the other.   The last verse has Eminem telling Stan about getting his life together and  to separate &quot;Slim Shady&quot; from Eminem.  Don't always believe in  everything you hear.  This CD is a classic for true hip hop fans, some  people, however, might not be able to tolerate all the lyrics.
0375420525|4.0|Take your time with this book.  I rushed through it the first time and have regretted it.  Half of the fun in the book comes from tracking down references and quotes. (It helps to have multi-lingual friends)<br />The  type-setting can be difficult at times, but that is a deliberate effect.   An excellent first book that is well worth the extra effort that it  demands.
B00002MZ12|4.0|This album was a surprise as far as expecting a live album so 'early' in her career. I thought it was a really good album though, and that she pulled it off fantastically. I've found her absolutly AMAZING live, and  though live albums never quite do artists justice, I feel this was a good  effort. Keep the music comin' Alanis!
6304539258|5.0|With lost scenes,restored footage,and new state of the art special effects,this special 20th aniversary edition of the George Lucas classic from a galaxy long ago is a reborn masterpiece that shows the true passion  and richness of motion pictures,so let George Lucas capture your heart  again.Join Luke,the son of skywalker as he imbarkes on an ancient journey  into the destiny that would give freedom to a galaxy.Starring(Mark Hamill  as Luke Skywalker)(Harrison Ford as Han Solo)and(Carrie Fisher as princess  Leia).
020161622X|5.0|This book, as its subtitle states, is for all programmers &quot;from journeyman to master&quot;.
B00004T9UF|5.0|THIS ALBUM IS AWESOME 10 TIMES BETTER THAN THE FIRST ONE.WITH SONGS LIKE STAN,AND CRIMINAL YOU CAN'T GO WRONG WITH BUYING THIS ALBUM.SO BUY IT NOW.THIS ALBUM IS WORTH 7 STARS..........
6304595247|3.0|Wuthering Heights was one of my favorite books -- when I was a mopey teenager. I loved Heathcliff, beaten like a dog, emotionally crippled, and dirt poor yet overcoming his enemies in the end. I was like the protagonist  in Jane Austen's &quot;Northanger Abbey&quot; a young women with a fertile  (overactive) imagination caught up in romantic and gothic tales.  What the  writer didn't put in the book I made up in my head. My movie idols were  James Mason and Lawrence Olivier -- broody and dark.<br />The film appears  to incorporate every chapter in Ms. Bronte's book, but her book is overly  long and overwrought. In the 19th century, the book appealed to middle  class women who could read, had servents to do much of their work, knew  little of the world outside their own homes, and wanted a cheap gothic  thrill, no matter how badly written, to lift their everyday constrained and  boring lives. Many of these stories were serialized in women's magazines so  there was a lot of redundancy for those who missed previous installments.<br />The older &quot;Wuthering Heights&quot; film with Olivier although an  extraction from the book is an integrated whole that sustains your  attention and omits no salient point. The newer film includes  most of the  text and is therefore unweildy. The world of the old film is true to the  gothic ideal (teasingly mysterious yet portentous of evil things to come).  The new film is &quot;in your face&quot; realism.  Brooding, melancholy  Heathcliff becomes an unlikeable abuser of women. &quot;It was a dark and  stormy night...&quot; becomes &quot;I knew I should have never taken that  ride on the moor and gotten lost because now I have to spend the night with  my clearly insane landlord...&quot;  When the newer film attmpts a gothic  touch it becomes silly. The story is much better when Heathcliff, in  payment for his sins, throws himself screaming, mad and in agony, on  Kathy's grave, than when he is found lying on his back on a day bed  following what can only be described as a commercial for rose-scented  fabric softener.<br />I've seen most of Ralph Fiennes films, and his acting  has definitely improved. He was over the top in this film. Ms Binoche was  very good in some scenes, but she should not have been cast as both Kathy  and her daughter. It proved distracting. It's worth the price of the film  to see Janet MeTeer and compare her performance to the protagonist in the  new film &quot;Tumbleweeds.&quot;<br />Although some would place Ms Bronte in  the same category as Jane Austen because they are both women, she did not  write nearly as well. Jane Austen is the best &quot;English&quot; writer  who has ever lived--bar none. Ms. Bronte's writing is closer to that of  Charles Dickens or her Gothic peer Edgar Allen Poe.following what can only be described as a commercial for rose-scented  fabric softener. <br />I've seen most of Ralph Fiennes films, and his acting  has definitely improved. He was over the top in this film. Ms Binoche was  very good in some scenes, but she should not have been cast as both Kathy  and her daughter. It proved distracting. It's worth the price of the film  to see Janet MeTeer and compare her performance to the protagonist in the  new film &quot;Tumbleweeds.&quot;<br />Although some would place Ms Bronte in  the same category as Jane Austen because they are both women, she did not  write nearly as well. Jane Austen is the best &quot;English&quot; writer  who has ever lived--bar none. Ms. Bronte's writing is closer to that of  Charles Dickens or her Gothic peer Edgar Allen Poe.
0767830520|5.0|I am disturbed beyond measure at Maltin's negative review of this film.  Yes, it IS violent, but unfortunately, life is not all sweetness and light. Once you see this film it will stick in your mind until you die.  Obviously  the &quot;You talkin' to me?&quot; scene alone has entered the pop culture  lexicon forever, but there is so much more to this film than that. De Niro  amazes, Harvey Keitel turns in some of his best work ever as a sexy yet  sickening pimp, Jodie Foster portrays the latent innocence behind her  outwardly hardened teen hooker character, and even Cybill Shepard is  fabulous as De Niro's dream girl.  Schrader's script is an all time  classic, and Scorsese's direction is a miracle. (Check out the overhead  shots at the end!)  And YES, the score is grand. I wonder if whoever wrote  the Maltin review poured a little too much whiskey on his corn flakes that  day?
6303637493|5.0|No other movie in the world could be so well acted, presented, and emotional!  It truly depics the life of the worlds most famous singer ever!
031286504X|4.0|Richard Matheson can really keep a reader in the seat, or under the covers frightened of what may be lunking in the dark.  I Am Legend made me think twice about going outside alone at night.  The most interesting thing about  the book, however, is the science behind the vampires.  No doubt Matheson  did extensive research to come to his conclusions.  This made for a very  good read.  Everything that Anne Rice and other vampire authors neglect to  explain is written here in black and white.  Great book!  It kept me from  sleeping soundly...
B000001E3L|5.0|I have found that most live albums do not live up to expectations. The recording are usually flat, and the performances are either canned or too extended. This album is a masterpiece of a live recording. Van treats  everyone to the ultimate Jazz/Soul/Rock review stlyle performance. If you  dig Van - get it.
0385486804|5.0|Leading a life few in America even know exists, one is fascinated how a  college educated, bright young man turns his back on money and explores  America to find himself. While the publicity of his death hogs the  headlines, the highlight of this book is his travels in the Southwest and  the friendships he made. Another masterpiece by Krakauer who is probably  better suited than any American writer to write this story.
B000002JR8|4.0|Not as good as the album that preceded it, but very good nonetheless. Becoming, I'm Broken, and Strength Beyond Strength are good song. However, the true classics here are 5 Minutes Alone and Using My Third Arm (perhaps  the band's most underrated song). Good Friends and A Bottle of Pills is  maybe amusing the first time or so around, but after that you'll probably  find yourself skipping it. Many would do the same to Planet Caravan, but if  you are a real fan then you'll see one of Pantera' few true attempts to  expand their music (even if it is by covering a Black Sabbath song). I'd  also probably say the the lyrics on here are Phil's best. Not their best  album, but not far off.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Besides the movie being excellent which I'm sure you've read in other  various reviews, the actual DVD itself is the best one out so far...<br />When  you first buy the DVD, you're going to be amazing to see the casing this  one has.  The case resembles an oversized wrapped bar of soap with the  words Fight Club across it.  You pull out the inside sleeve to find a lot  of amazing artwork and a booklet with various interviews in it.  The first  disc is the movie itself along with commentaries by David Fincher, Chuck  Palahniuk, and others.  The second disc is loaded with extras, from  artwork, to outtakes, to behind the scenes footage.  It's all great and the  menus are displayed wonderfully.<br />If you buy any DVD this summer...let it  be Fight Club.
B000002JNJ|4.0|This is probably Pantera's second best studio album, behind only it's successor, the modern metal masterpiece Vulgar Display of Power. It contians what remain to this day as three of my favorite Pantera songs: the  title track (great riff!), Cemetery Gates (their best ever  &quot;epic&quot;), and Heresy, a song that the band has unfortunately  somehwhat ignored in concert. Psycho Holiday is a good song also. Indeed,  the only one I don't like on here is Primal Concrete Sledge there's just  not enough to it. Every other song is good. Buy it.
0783116934|5.0|Steven Rea is outstanding in his portrayal of a police forensic specialist  who must piece together the clues as well as fight a system unwilling to  admit it's own shortcomings.  His ability to convey the complex emotions of  his character through facial expression rather than dialogue is reason  enough to watch the movie.  A cameo by Max von Sydow as a psychologist  willing to brave the criticism of his contemporaries in an attempt to  develop an M.O. for the killer is most notable for it's keen insight into  the mind of a serial madman.<br />  Donald Sutherland is actually quite  entertaining as a communist aparatchik colonel who goes full circle with  the changing climate.  Jeffrey DeMunn, who has many supporting roles to his  credit, is remarkable as the unassuming and pitiful murderer who manages to  inspire revulsion as well as sympathy.<br />  Not action packed by today's  standards; however, an excellent psychological thriller with deep and  thought provoking glimpses behind an &quot;Iron Curtain&quot; few of us  ever really understood.  Had it been released in theaters rather than on  HBO, it surely would have received praise akin to other notables such as  &quot;Silence of the Lambs.&quot;  The story strictly focuses on character  development.  In allowing viewers the unique luxury of using their  imaginations, it does not offend by relying on eye-candy and shock effects.  It simply tells an interesting story.<br />  I couldn't wait for this  one to come out on DVD!
6305728437|5.0|this movie is one of my favorites because it is really funny! this movie is funny the whole way through but the most funny part is at the end!
6305364613|4.0|Baz Luhrmann did a great job at fusing a modern-day setting with an outdated script.  The original dialogue is used in this flashy telling of William Shakespeare's most memorable work.  But you should have no trouble  following what the characters are saying because of the excellent  &quot;visual&quot; aspect to the film.  It's one thing to read a  Shakespearean play in school, but when you can watch it played out  somewhere other than on a stage, it takes on new life.  There are many  references to other Shakespeare plays in the props and backgrounds so keep  your eyes open!  The soundtrack keeps this ride moving and fits well with  each scene.  The most memorable scene for me:  &quot;quiet time&quot; at  the party when Romeo &amp; Juliet discover each other in the bathrooms  separated by a fish tank while Desiree sings a down tempo song downstairs.
0679735909|4.0|This was a difficult book to read.  Not everyone in my book group got through it but those who did seemed to feel that it was worth it. The story involves two modern day scholars who uncover a romance between two  Victorian poets.  Byatt uses poetry, letters and diaries to reveal the  story to the reader.  This is a bold move for any writer of serious  fiction, and Byatt pulls it off.  I'm no expert on Victorian poetry, but  Byatt seems to have a firm grasp of the conventions and language of the  genre.  She creates credible letters that invoke remarkably different  voices when she is representing different authors.  Byatt loads the book  with symbolism, particularly in regards to the names of each character.  I  found it interesting to try and puzzle out why she used certain names for  different characters.  Oddly enough, her main male character, Roland, was  inspired by the same poem that inspired Stephen King's series The Dark  Tower, &quot;Childe Roland to the Dark Tower Came,&quot; by Robert  Browning.  I just recently finished the fourth book in the Dark Tower  series, so it was quite a coincidence to discover this link.  <br />    One of  the many interesting themes in this book deals with how people can love one  another without possessing part of the other person.  How can we be  detached and still love?  Many types of possession are revealed in the  novel, most dealing with how we honor our great writers by trying to  possess some part of them or the lives that they led.  My only real  criticism has to do with Fergus, a character who shows up to start trouble  3/4ths of the way into the story and then all but disappears for the  finale.  Other than that,it was an awe-inspiring book for me.  There is a  lot there.  I imagine more could be revealed by a second or third reading.
B00004TH83|5.0|Lara Fabian has a beautiful voice in the tradition of Celine Dion and Barbara Streisand!  Only better!   She writes her own songs and her music evokes true emotion.  Every song on this CD is a classic.  Upon a few times  listening to this magic voice I was swept away and can't get enough. Trust  me, you will be hearing from Lara for a long time.  This is her first  English album and it is great!  She has many power ballads and some dance  numbers that showcase her vocals. The song I WILL LOVE AGAIN is a great  tune, already #1 at Billboard Dance Airplay. If you buy only one CD this  year, this should be it!   Because you will be hearing this music well  into the next decade.
1878424432|5.0|After reading this book, I realized that everyday I began thinking about The Four Agreements. While the concepts are simple, applying them are difficult. In some ways, this little book has changed my life by altering  my thought process. In my job, Emergency Dispatch, it has helped me get  thru the day.
B00000G6KG|5.0|To say that firstly this is Slayers debut album, and also that they have gone down hill from here is laughable.  Although this is Slayers best album, their other albums are some of the best ever.  If you want bands  that are fizzling out, try the desperate Metallica, who will do anything  now to get money.<br />This album contains the heaviest, fastest songs ever  put on a CD.  Anoyone who does not possess this has an incomplete CD  collection
B00004SVIK|5.0|The first thing that struck me about this disc is the pristine quality of the sound, especially for a live concert piece recorded some 20 years ago! That being said the performances are also superlative, from Dave Gilmours  superbly rendered guitar parts which manage to be inventive without  wandering too far from the origional, to the unearthly harmonies. If you  like this band you must get this disc, if you find the Floyd a bit  pretentious or dated or have only experienced their recent incarnations.  This Disc is still well  worth the asking price! It is particularly nice to  finally have &quot;What Shall We Do Now&quot; intact in the Wall cycle,  since that is one of the most powerful pieces in the show! One more thing,  the audiences for these shows were remarkably well behaved allowing for  superior detail even in quiet sections catcalls rarely intrude! Buy it NOW!
0316777722|3.0|Sederis' latest collection of essays are definitely hit-or-miss.  When he attempts to illustrate his theme, communication, through the repetition of key details about his life he is often merely repetitious.  Yes, David, you  were a rascal to take so many drugs.  Now get over yourself.  Still, when  he choses to move beyond his own behaviors to observe others he is both  scathingly funny and offers real insight into the complexity of human  interactions.  Overall, the book is worth reading.
B000002HAJ|5.0|At the time this CD was criticized for not being Distintegration over again, for going ``mainstream'', and I tended to feel the same way at the time, maybe, having been in love with Disintegration.  But there a number  of fine songs here, any one of which would be a hallmark of a lesser  artist's career, and the CD hangs together as a whole.  The bottom line is  that I'm not a pure Cure fanatic, but Wish has been on my prime playlist  shelf for nearly ten years. I'd say it's proved its worth by now.
B000000WFF|5.0|They did it again...I have been listening to this album for almost 2 years!
B000002VCE|5.0|A friend of mine introduced me to the outlaws way back when, and it's the kind of music that you just have to have in your collection. the live production is superior to many live albumns i've heard. I just took a 500  mile trip to fla. and I must have played this cd 5 times. these guys are  just great musicians. Time for a &quot;rebirth&quot; tour!.goosebumps and  musical orgasms!... rock on!......
B00003CWNR|3.0|Read a few pages of John Irving's wonderful novel The Cider House Rules  and you may decide that novel is not worth reading. The reason why the book  as a whole was such a success is the familiarity the reader builds over 718  pages. The quirks of its many characters, the acute sense of time and  place, its many subplots and sly observations about human nature and  self-rightousness. This is precisely why Lasse Hallstrom's gently charming  film is essentially a failure, it is impossible to adapt such a sprawling  novel into the movie without either having an atrociously long running time  or making the whole thing into a fast paced incomprehensible mess. The  screenplay by Irving himself leaves out a lot of the book (most  distressingly the colorful, butch and gripping character of Melony), yet  still fails to be an adequate adaptation for the screen. The film feels  like what it really is, a large work of literature compressed and condensed  into a small number of scenes, themes are lost and charcaters   distilled.<br />   For those of you who haven't read the book, the film is  still annoyingly thin, never really discussing the issues it raises, all  the performances (with the exception of Michael Caine) hardly register. Yes  it looks gorgeous and the kids are cute(a little too cute), but does this  supposed coming of age tale amount to anything? Not really.<br />    Arguably  the most bizzare Oscar nomination of the nineties must be that of Best  Director for Lasse Hallstrom. There is a pretty thick line between being  subtle and doing absolutly nothing, and his direction here is straight  forward its virtually non-existant, which is partially responsible for the  film's unclear message. Considering that the academy ignored a pair of  spectacular directing jobs by David Russel for Three Kings and Daivid  Fincher for Fight Club this is unforgivable. Crazier still is John Irving's  oscar win for the script, as it is far from being cinematic, but  degenerates into an arbitrary series of events touching the bases but never  exploring similar events in the novel.<br />   To be honest, I've given much  better films (like Snow Falling on Cedars) the same 3 star I awarded this  one becuase I can't get myself to give it the dismissive 2 stars. Take my 3  stars as a weak reccomendation for a rental. Watching this film is a  pleasent experience, but when you get right down to it, its also an empty  one.
B00004RFFM|5.0|This is a great movie.  When I first saw it, I thought it was dumb.  But  after thinking it over, it turned out to be one of the best scary movies  around.  It's about these Rescearchers in this underwater lab that are  studying a cure for alzheimer's disease.  How they do it is they mess with  the sharks' brains and put a serum in it which makes them more big and  smarter and also more agressive.  After that all heck breaks loose. I don't  wanna tell you any more, you will just have to buy it and see it for  yourself.  Buy it!!!
6304169558|5.0|Don't waste your time reading these reviews! Just BUY THE DARN MOVIE!
0425170349|5.0|I am a 14 years old boy from Norway! I have never read any books before this. I tried to read a book on Norwegian, but the book was to boring. But in this book its exciting almost all the time. Its a hijacking starting  already at the end on page 4, an that`s great! After the hijacking there`s  5 missions for Rainbow.<br />I recommend this book to all who likes action!  Buy this book if you want some excitement! Its worth the money!
0784010188|5.0|If the first Terminator was about the past, this one is about the future our future it's an human action movie wich makes Judgement Day so unique is it's ability to entertain you with awsome action , while in the same  respect giving you an emotional story.And Terminator 2 has never looked  better on DVD it captures the essence that it did 9 years ago it is a  classic action movie and always will be it rises among the best the James  Camoron has ever done because its not just and action movie it's thought  pravoking and the best film Arnold has ever done with crystal clear picture  and sound T2 is here for you to capture now and forever.
0425170349|5.0|I am a 14 years old boy from Norway! I have never read any books before this. I tried to read a book on Norwegian, but the book was to boring. But in this book its exciting almost all the time. Its a hijacking starting  already at the end on page 4, an that`s great! After the hijacking there`s  5 missions for Rainbow.<br />I recommend this book to all who likes action!  Buy this book if you want some excitement! Its worth the money!
B00000C28M|4.0|This document is impossible to review as one would a standard studio or even a \\"current\\" live performance...giving it stars is like having a videotape of the 2nd Continental Congress and asked to rate  Jefferson's rhetoric on a scale of one to five.  Can you do anything else  but start from five simply because the tape exists?  Once the performance  commences, you'll be reminded of Pogorelich when he works -- brilliant  dissection. No one could possibly learn the piece from this document  (hence, my four stars).  But, as with the preamble to the Constitution,  say, that videotape of an idiosyncratic Jefferson delivering the preamble would be invaluable if you already knew it.
B00000J7JO|3.0|I gave this C.D. 3 stars because it does have good music but after a while it starts to get boring.  Red Hot Chilli Peppers are great, it is just that you might want to cosider listening to the C.D. first a few times.  Hope  this review helped you!
0792841859|3.0|One person who reviewed this film asked the question, &quot;where are the black voices?&quot; I think there were black voices in this film. The problem is that those voices were weak, cowardly and ineffectual. It's as  if black southerners had no part in the struggle for their own freedom.  Freedom and equal rights could only be obtained by the good will of  northern whites and the united states government. In some way this white  liberal racist attitude isn't much better than the low life klansmen.  <br />The best way to view this movie is from the perspective of good versus  evil. Good does win out and the evil klan is brought to justice. That does  mean something. The production is good and the performances are too. Gene  hackman gives an oscar caliber performance and willem defoe is convincing.  Certainly an entertaining film but it doesn't reach it's potential as a  great film.<br />...............socks
B00004T8RK|2.0|REALY THE WHOLE CD LACKS ENTERGY. SAVE YOUR BUCKS UNLESS YOUR A DIEHARD FOR P.J. MOVE ON TO GREATER THINGS, LIKE RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINE... NOW THAT ROCKS!
0792841859|3.0|One person who reviewed this film asked the question, &quot;where are the black voices?&quot; I think there were black voices in this film. The problem is that those voices were weak, cowardly and ineffectual. It's as  if black southerners had no part in the struggle for their own freedom.  Freedom and equal rights could only be obtained by the good will of  northern whites and the united states government. In some way this white  liberal racist attitude isn't much better than the low life klansmen.  <br />The best way to view this movie is from the perspective of good versus  evil. Good does win out and the evil klan is brought to justice. That does  mean something. The production is good and the performances are too. Gene  hackman gives an oscar caliber performance and willem defoe is convincing.  Certainly an entertaining film but it doesn't reach it's potential as a  great film.<br />...............socks
B00002MZ4W|5.0|Fiona Apple's newest surpasses her outstanding debut!  It is an amazing journey, and each song resonates with her unique, deep voice.
B000002KL3|5.0|This is one of the best! Good Songs : EVERYBODY WANTS SOME, TAKE YOUR WHISKEY HOME, CRADLE WILL ROCK. Recommended to any type of music fan. If you like this I recommend 1984 and diver down.
0380788624|5.0|Its been a while since I had a book that prised me away from the rest of my life so effectively and completely. But this is it.<br />The best reviews I read in advance did not prepare me for the heft of the detail and the  finely tooled fabric that enveloped me from the time I opened the first  page.<br />I am not big on reviews (this is my first on Amazon), but I would  encourage any and all of you who are interested in reading the inspired  musings of a true renaissance man to cancel your next week, and settle down  for a read that you will not forget.<br />The book carries two distinct time  zones with a flawless execution that allowed me never to be confused, but  always to be anticipatory about the next&quot;connection&quot;. For those  of us who grew up in the past two or three decades (I am 37), the novel  contains some wonderfully sublime images that are woven into the overall  plot. <br />When I was 16 I first read JRR Tolkien, and the memory remains  vivid. The only other book to remotely affect was very different, &quot;The  Alexandria Quartet&quot;. I am happy to say that I have found something  that ranks as highly.
0802130208|5.0|&quot;Confederacy&quot; is a book about odd people (and thereby begins to point out how &quot;odd&quot; we all really are). Each character has some habit that is different from the &quot;norm&quot; of society and the main  character, Ignatius, is in a different universe all together (all the while  thining that he is the very definition of what &quot;normal&quot; should  be). If you enjoy books that are character studies that reveal exactly how  odd this world is then you will enjoy &quot;Confederacy&quot;. Imagine a  Douglas Adam's book about New Orleans with an American versus British sense  of humor and you'll begin to understand the beauty of this book.
B00004T8RK|4.0|Pearl Jam's 6th studio effort Binaural is a solid mix of up-tempo rockers and softer, more melodic songs that, while not as satisfying as 1998's Yield, is a welcome listen in  today's testostorone driven rock  environment.<br />Binaural starts off with 2 hot tracks,  &quot;Breakerfall&quot; (think &quot;Brain of J&quot; or &quot;Not for  You&quot;) and &quot;God's Dice&quot; before settling for an average rocker  titled &quot;Evacuation&quot;.  The CD's next 3 songs represent the best  work on the album--and none of them are up-tempo.<br />&quot;Light Years&quot;  is a fantastic song with typical soulful Eddie Vedder lyrics (&quot;We were  but stones/your light made us stars&quot;).  The song sounds better and  better after each listen.  The next song is &quot;Nothing as it Seems&quot;  which is the first single released off of Binaural--its also the best song  on Binaural and one of the best ever recorded by Pearl Jam.  Bassist Jeff  Ament penned this classic and with its moody guitar riffs and haunting  vocals, the song just absolutely kills.  If you've heard this song on the  radio, and don't like it, don't bother buying the CD.  Go back to your Korn  downloads from Napster and crunch yourself.<br />The final song of Binaural's  holy trinity is &quot;Thin Air&quot; another light song that sounds as if  it was written in Nashville.  The country/folk sound works well with  Vedder's vocals. <br />The rest of the CD is hit (&quot;insignificance&quot;)  and miss (&quot;Sleight of Hand&quot; and &quot;Soon Forget&quot;).  All  fiver members including new drummer (again!) Matt Cameron, formerly of  Soundgarden, contribute music and lyrics.  The result is an enjoyable mix  of songs and styles, with a fabulous 3 song set, right in the middle.
B00000K0DT|5.0|A lot is discussed about the plot, and many find it obliterates the movie and nothing doesn't make anymore sense: The sense is that Keizer Soze, whoever he is, wants to get rid of the one man who can identify him, and to  get rid of all people who can retell the real story, besides that he is a  good storyteller, still staying clear of any suspicion. What else is there  to know? The story told is good, enthralling, good acting and the plot  makes sense. Life isn't a puzzle that fits, is it?
B00002MZ12|5.0|This CD is my absolute favorite! Her voice is beutiful and her lyrics are powerfull. Her voice sounds so much better natural. And I love every song on this album! Believe it or not, this CD is my &quot;relaxation  music&quot; it puts me in a very relaxed state of mind. I would reccomend  this to anyone who likes Alanis Morissette and even those who havent heard  her. It's great!
B00000K0DT|5.0|A lot is discussed about the plot, and many find it obliterates the movie and nothing doesn't make anymore sense: The sense is that Keizer Soze, whoever he is, wants to get rid of the one man who can identify him, and to  get rid of all people who can retell the real story, besides that he is a  good storyteller, still staying clear of any suspicion. What else is there  to know? The story told is good, enthralling, good acting and the plot  makes sense. Life isn't a puzzle that fits, is it?
B0000035E7|4.0|Nirvana's first album Bleach was the beginning of grunge. If you are into Nevermind and From the Muddybanks of Wishkah you will love this album. The emotion that Kurt Cobain puts into the music while he is singing makes you  feel liike he IS standing in front of you singing to you and just you. This  is definitely a must have cd because it gives you all the music you want,  original and inspiring songs, and your headbanging rearing to go kind of  music. If you like rock at all then you will love Bleach.      -Laura
B00004TWZF|5.0|All I can say is, thank heaven this movie is being re-released, and on DVD  as well!  My old VHS copy of the American version is nearly worn out.  I've  seen this movie more times than I can count.  I've also encouraged  (forced?) many of my friends to see it, and judging from their reactions, I  can make the following prediction: when you see &quot;The Big Blue&quot;  for the first time, either it will immediately grip you and become part of  your soul, or you just won't get it.  Obviously, I belong to the first  category of viewers.  Perhaps it's the achingly beautiful score; perhaps  it's the stunning cinematography; or perhaps it's the deceptively simple  story of a man struggling to determine who he is and where he belongs.  I  can't explain exactly why this movie affected me so deeply; I can only say  that I would rather own this movie than any other movie I've ever seen.
B00003CX5A|5.0|looks brilliant sounds superb,very good ensemble acting performances, particularly the faint(sic) Mr Crane! well worth a second watch, good extras on dvd
0312853238|5.0|Intriguing idea, a bunch of child geniuses with potty mouths being trusted to save the world. Somehow it doesn't shock me. Anyway, great book. Ender is abused by the International Fleet because in order for him to save the  world they have to give him not only the proper training but the proper  attitude. He thinks he's a killer throughout the book, and he must deal  with that while continuing to face the challenges the IF sets for him at  the Battle School. Great story, good characters, theme-heavy, humorous, and  with some good yet comprehensible sci-fi concepts, this book is one of the  best.
B00001ODGR|5.0|i suppose there must be a lot of styx fans from the early to mid eighties who lost track of the band and i did learn from the dvd that that prior to this concert they hadn't done much for over 10 years this is a great dvd  and if you ever liked styx you will love this , i am thinking about buying  the cd of the concert to play in the car
6304083769|5.0|This is with out a doubt one of if not the best animes I have ever seen.  It has everything I'm looking for in an anime: intregueing characters, an  awsome plot, lots of action, and outstanding visuals.    The animation its  self could garner this move a 5 star rateing. Everything is extremely fluid  and detailed. This film uses an interesting mix of both computer generated  animation and traditional cell animation. The result is a visual style that  is far superior to anything Disney has put out so far.  Kusanagi's tour of  the city examplifies what i'm trying to say guite well.    The plot is top  notch.  Though some have acussed it of being a bit to phlisopical, I belive  those statments are just to unfounded. The plot is very deep. In fact I  myself didn't understand everything untill I had seen it three times. Much  like the matrix it has to do with what is real, and how our perceptions of  reality can be drasticly altered.   This is an anime so there is some great  action in it.  My favorite scenes are battle with the tank and the chase  scene involving the ghost half human.   The chararcters are also excellent.  Kusangi is one of the most interesting women in anime. Baeto is also a  great character.  He plays the voice of sanity in an insane world.    All  and all this is excellent anime for mature audiences. Oh yes I feel it  nessacary to give that obligatory warning. This one has a good amount of  nudity, though none of it is erotic, and some very graphic violence.  If  your an anime fan you have to see Ghost in the Shell. It's a true  masterpeace from Mamoru Oshi.
6303020089|5.0|This movie was very well done. Tommy Lee Jones was at his best as usual. This is the first movie I've seen with Harrison Ford in a part like this but he did an excellent job. The plot was well written, the characters were  all very good and overall the movie was excellent. Very exciting as well.
B00004SCX6|4.0|Until this CD came out, I'd only been aware of Ms. Spears thru her work as a Mousekettere and her repeated attempts to march thru Skokie Illinois. Then a friend sent me a tape of &quot;The Britster&quot; covering  &quot;Satisfaction&quot; and I was blown away. Often, one hears rumors that  Ms. Spears is dumber than a bag of lug nuts - well, let me tell you,  Britney's cover of the Stones &quot;classic&quot; lays those nasty rumors  to rest. First, she was smart enough to change to lyrics so that today's  young people (be they Goths, Freaks, Bikers) can relate to them. For  example; &quot;doesn't smoke the same cigarettes as me&quot; has been  changed to &quot;I have my own identity&quot;. Wow. I bet Mick Jagger &amp;  Keith Richards wish they could travel back in time and change the words to  the original. Secondly, Britney did clutter up the song with a lot of noise  &amp;  rebelliousness. Anyway, I ran right out &amp; bought the CD. My only  complaint is that there's only one cover song on &quot;Ooops&quot; (the  aforementioned &quot;Satisfaction&quot;). However, I was relieved to learn  that on here next musical outing &quot;El Britto&quot; will be covering  &quot;Killing an Arab&quot; by the Cure.
6303109950|5.0|Although many movies have been made with the same plot. This was one of the better ones. The storyline was set out so you get to know each and every character and learn what they're doing and their general thinking. A  very interesting movie which portrays every character well.
B00003CX5A|5.0|This was a very enjoyable telling of the classic tale that is very heavy on atmosphere. The DVD has several extra features that really add to its value beyond the straight movie too.<br />The look and feel of the film are  great. We are taken back to the late 1790s to a very convincing Sleepy  Hollow that has lots of fog and smoke, distant lightning, scary  jack-o-lanterns, and twisted trees. The movie has a great deal of suspense  built into it, and we are treated to lots of tense moments when the  horsemen is near, along with some fairly short, but sometimes very intense  scenes of decapitation. The film is much more of a drama than a horror film  -- the plot is quite complex and usually laid out well.<br />For me, one of  the best parts of the film was the Danny Elfman score -- it was very rich,  with lots of interesting effects built into -- brooding strings, eerie  children's chorus, and tinkling bells. It added both suspense and humor to  the film.<br />The acting was good. Johnny Depp and Tim Burton work well  together -- Depp shows a nice range of emotions as the somewhat nervous  Ichabod Crane who was investigating the horseman's murders. Christina Ricci  played a very pretty but very mysterious young lady with links to the  horsemen. The whole cast was very good and tended to play a bit over the  top (this is Tim Burton after all).<br />A particular favorite for me was  Christopher Lee in a small but powerful role as a judge who sends constable  Crane off to Sleepy Hollow.<br />The DVD has several very good features,  including commentary by Tim Burton, a nice set of interviews with cast and  crew, and a good &quot;Making of the Movie&quot; feature that shows how a  lot of the special effects (including decapitation) were done.<br />A good  movie on a DVD with lots of features!
6305728437|3.0|This movie was ok. Mulan was a good character, full of animation and beauty. She was a good person and was learning a lot by her experiences but she didn't understand some things which her father tried to teach her. A  good movie, some of the scenes would have been better without Mushu talking  about spit shines and stuff like that. But very interesting. If Mushu  weren't in the movie I probably would have cried.
0670451495|5.0|Go on, buy it! \\"Make Way For Ducklings\\" falls on the list of those \\"you'll never regret it\\" book purchases.<br />This treat for the eyes and ears, with beautifully drawn pictures and a carefully worded storyline, will bring your child into the Mallard family as they trek dangerously across town.<br /><br />The names of each duckling are alliterative and rhythmic. Reading this aloud will bring chuckles with the silly \\"Ouack and Lack and Kack...\\" all those \\"quack\\" rhymes.<br /><br />Not only will the book be fun to read and reread, but it will teach a child language skills, particularly those relating to poetry. Even though it is not a poem, because it so well-written, it has those poetic qualities.<br /><br />When I visited Boston as an adult, I saw how familiar the town was only because I read \\"Make Way For Ducklings\\" as a child. The memories of this book are solid 30 years later, just as they will be for your son, daughter or younger relatives.<br /><br />I fully recommend it.<br /><br />Anthony Trendl<br />TreeFortBooks.com
0679882820|5.0|We've been reading this book to my 10month child for 3 months and it's still his favorite.  His face just lights up and he laughs outloud at the funny sounds his mommy and daddy make.  He'll actually stop whining and  crying when we recite lines from the book.
B000003NA4|3.0|If you liked Diana Krall, you will LOVE Dena DeRose.
0790729628|3.0|The directors cut is head and shoulders above the original movie.  In the original, the narration eliminated any need to work out for yourself what the movie is about (which is most of the fun of watching a good movie), and  the ending was insipid and obviously did not fit.  It was clear to me when  I saw the movie for the first time that the &quot;happy&quot; ending had  been tacked onto the end with no thought given to consistancy.  I was not  surpised at all to find out that the &quot;executives&quot; had tacked it  on to try to make the film gross higher by appealing to the lowest common  denominator.  In the tug of war between art and profit, the original was  clearly compromised by the desire for profit.  Interestingly, this is  precisely what happened with the TV version of &quot;Brazil&quot;, which  was pathetic (the director's cut of Brazil was brilliant).<br />The DVD leaves  a lot to be desired.  The audio is only sterio; there's no excuse for that.  There are virtually no extras included either.  No commentaries, no  deleted scenes, no &quot;making of&quot; featurette; just some production  notes.  Whoopie.<br />But I bought it because I love the movie.  If I had it  to do over again, I would have waited for a more full featured DVD.
038533348X|5.0|Absolutely one of the most necessary reads of a lifetime!  Vonnegut will keep you in awe from the first page through to the last.  A mysterious tale of the end of the world, a love story, a biography of a dead scientist and  his family- an absolutely wonderful experience!
B00004SCX6|1.0|Terrible music.Trendy pop at it's worst.Bad volcals,terrible production,and thin lyrics...Debbie Gibson/Tiffany come to mind here.Brit will be GONE in 5 years,just like them
6300271145|5.0|beung a fellow saxophonist myself,and music lover this movie will make you laugh, cry and atleast leave you with some understanding of what it is to be a jazz musician and definitely one of color .   also i wanted  to find  out what it was like overseas before i left for europe that year the movie  was released and found it to be very similiar to reality. i've watched this  film over 200 times and still love it .enjoy!
B000002UCQ|4.0|It's very rare to play an album in which nearly every song is great, and this is one of them.  Of course, I'm not referring to the second disc (basically an extended jamming session) which is tiresome to the extreme.   If you ignore disc two - pretend it's a free bonus disc or something - All  Things must Pass qualifies as a masterpiece.  While it's true that George  is a Five Minute Offender (do songs really need to be longer than three  minutes?), he gets away with it by virtue of the richness of his songs.   Warm melodies dominate this album, beautifully executed with Harrison's  acoustic arrangements lending a natural, homely air to the proceedings.   Far and away the best song is the epic Isn't It A Pity - the Bond theme  that never was.
0312954468|5.0|The River God is 'THE' best book I have ever read. It is the most descriptive and capitavating books that once you start to read, you just cannot put it down.  It really takes you back to ancient Egypt, and makes  you feel as though you are living  in the same era as the great Pharaoh's.   Even while I was at work, all I could think about was getting back to Egypt  and reading more about the lives of so many interesting people. This book  is action packed, and the most descriptive details of an ancicent kingdom.   Once you have done yourself a favour and read this book, read the sequel  &quot;The Seventh Scroll&quot;.  This isn't quite as good as the River God  but once you read this book you will want to read all you can about Egypt,  and the slave &quot;Taita&quot;.   A MUST READ!
B00000K19E|3.0|To me, The Matrix is a film made by nerds, for nerds (I can see the 'unhelpful votes' tally rising as I type).  The Wachowski brothers, like the audience this film is aimed at, clearly see themselves as Neo,  transporting themselves into a CGI otherworld to save mankind, with  mysterious, beautiful women like Trinity falling at their feet.  It's as if  they are trying to reassure themselves that they aren't really nerds and  that sitting in front of a computer is actually exciting, or better  yet...dangerous.  And herein lies the problem.  The Matrix has an  unfriendly, exclusive feel to it; unwelcoming to the computer illiterate.   It is also very slow, and the device of freezing characters mid-fight  destroys any sense of building tension or momentum during the many action  sequences.  However, there is much going for it.  It is simply one of the  most beautifully made films I have ever seen.  Bill Pope's green-hued  cinematography is a standout; and the teams behind the effects, sound and  editing certainly earned the Oscars bestowed upon them.  The most  interesting character is the one everyone else I know seems to hate - Hugo  Weaving's agent.  His dry, precise delivery and mannered poise is really  quite entertaining to watch.  Anyway, thanks largely to Keanu Reeves'  attractive screen presence, The Matrix makes for a diverting enough two  hours or so of your time
B000001DQI|5.0|I bought this album when I was 10 years old, the day it was released. I have listened to it thousands of times since then and never get sick of it. This is Elton at his creative apex, and Bernie's lyrics are magical. There  are many underrated gems on this album: &quot;All the Young Girls Love  Alice&quot; (this rocks!), &quot;Danny Bailey&quot; (great piano work here)  and &quot;Your Sister Can't Rock but she can Rock and Roll.&quot;<br />For  everyone born between 1960-1965, this was *the* album of our generation and  it's held up beautifully. Elton never was as good as this again and this  was his shining, brilliant moment.
0767903854|5.0|I can honestly say that I couldn't put this book down. It really is a great read, full of typical Brysonesque humour that left me giggling like an idiot at the most inopportune times (train, bus, etc). Bill obviously  loves Australia &amp; initially was strangely complimentary to the land  down under (Call me suspicious but I though maybe the Aussie edition was  watered down). However after covering enormous distances in difficult  conditions whilst fending off a multitude of dangerous creatures, Bill  finally warmed to the task of 'taking the mickey'out of the locals and  local events (e.g. sheep shagging. Hey Bill I don't knock your hobbies! ).  This is a fun book and well worth buying. Grab a copy before they're all  gone.
0316777722|5.0|In &quot;Barrel Fever&quot; and &quot;Naked,&quot; David Sedaris let his imagination run wild in fictional stories.  &quot;Me Talk Pretty One Day&quot; differs from his previous collections in that he confined these  writings to autobiography.  Fortunately, his essays based on truth are as  hilarious (though perhaps not as wildly farfetched) as those he makes up  entirely.  Coming from a family that includes a &quot;tanorexic,&quot; the  Rooster (the name that DS's brother calls himself), a sister that wears fat  suits and cosmetic bruises, a father that hordes spoiled fruit, and a  mother who fills Easter baskets with cartons of cigarettes, he has an  unusually rich background to draw from.  The second half of the book deals  with his life as an American living in Paris.  In addition to the charming  misanthropy that is his trademark, these essays provide some dead-on  observations of Americans by an American.<br />One warning: avoid reading this  collection in public if laughing so hard you soak yourself is something you  might find at all embarrassing.  David Sedaris is simply the funniest  person writing today.
B00000JPHD|1.0|The great Lugosi Dracula is a classic and I was delighted finally to have an opportunity to purchase the film.  My memories of its power were closely connected with what I can only suppose to be the director's conscious use  of silence behind the scenes of dramatic horror -- for example, Lugosi's  silent passage from the window to Mina's bed in the evocative interplay of  light, shadow and silence.  The insertion  behind this powerful silence,  sixty years after the fact, of Philip Glass's no doubt well-intentioned,  but repetitive, monotonous and essentially unpowerful fiddling with that  silence has, in my opinion, made the film unwatchable.  Personally, I would  rather hear even the old-film scratchiness than have to listen to that  jittery wall of noise that attempts to cover it.  It is as though an  attempt has been made to protect the viewer from the wonderfully horrifying  silence with a curtain of horribly unwonderful noise.  I would be  interested in hearing the opinions of others: tek@dadl.dk
B000000OEI|5.0|I am running out of ways to describe the music from Crimson Tide. The powerful dramatic music creates a tone that can be at once stark but breath taking. As a avid sound track collector, it rates high on my list of all  time favorites because it can stand on it's own and it can also instantly  transport you back to the movie if you let it.<br />The energy from the music  will give you the energy you need to deal with the doldrums of daily  chores.
0375501851|4.0|I read a good review of White Teeth in Talk magazine and I immediately went out and got it, then I read about Smith in Vibe and People.  All were glowing reviews and they were right. This novel delves into  multiculturalism in a realistic way with characters and issues that are, at  one time or another at the forefront of every immigrant's mind. It was also  interesting to read because of Smith's age.  I absolutely enjoyed something  rich, complex, textured and positive from my generation. I am an avid  reader who always has an eye out of Caribbean greats and when I saw  Channer's comments (having enjoyed his novel and waiting anxiously for the  next)I felt compelled to celebrate Zadie Smith also and say job well done,  I can hardly wait for the next, hope its not longer than three years in  coming :)<br />White Teeth is a great read, funny, serious, sad, and with  great and memorable characters.
B00004STPT|3.0|Having many previous works by Hans Zimmer, my expectations were perhaps too much. I found the CD to be good, but in parts derivative. One track in particular reminded me of Holzt: The Planets - Mars the Bringer of War. If  you're looking for the style that can be found on Crimson Tide, The Rock,  or Peacemaker, then you may be disappointed at this uneven effort.
B00003W8NM|5.0|Forget whether or not this is a great movie ... you either get it or you don't. BUT what a dvd package! I really hope this sets a new standard for how movies are presented ...
B00003CWLE|5.0|One of my all-time top 10 favorite movies since the start of movies!  Chow Yung Fat steals the show in this sweeping romantic costume epic.  Rates right up there with El Cid.  <br />I do not think the Oscars did it any  justice.  Worth seeing by everyone.
B00000JGHM|5.0|DVD is basic w.o director comments etc, however, sound and quality and movie itself are a masterpiece.<br />Bank robbery segment with 4 robbers blasting with high powered submachine guns in downtown L.A. in broad  daylight -one of the most realistic ever staged.<br />Amazing movie.<br />Would  love to see a directors edition DVD.
B000002WPI|5.0|This CD is awesome.  It has a sound that has not ever been reproduced on all the solo projects that followed it.  It sounds more simple.  There rough tag team style is addicting.  RZA'a production is so sparse but at  his all time high at the same time.  The hole thing is just incredible from  top to bottom.
630018160X|5.0|The Most wonderful piece of film work ever, please bring out the ultimate DVD of this feature.
B00004SCX6|4.0|Britney Spears &quot;Oops!...I Did It Again&quot; is a wonderful follow-up to 1999's &quot;...Baby One More Time&quot;. Not only is the title track is blazing hot, but Brit recorded a whole album of hot tracks too. The album's  highlights include the wonderful Diane Warren penned ballad &quot;When You  Eyes Say It&quot;, the catchy &quot;Lucky&quot;, R&amp;B driven track  &quot;Don't Go Knockin' On My Door&quot;, and the innocent age-apropriate  song &quot;One Kiss From You&quot;. This album will not only be a huge  success, but has a shot of being one of the biggest album's of all time. No  joke! One more thing, the best track on the album is no doubt, &quot;Don't  Let Me Be The Last To Know&quot;.
B00000IGGA|5.0|This album shows the flexibility of this great songwriter to write for any genre.  It is both witty and deep. It's highly reccomened to any music lover!
B000002ACR|5.0|Recorded in late 1966, released in early 1967 and lost beneath the &#34;Summer Of Love&#34; praise heaped on &#34;Sgt. Pepper&#34; and the first commercially successful albums from the &#34;new wave&#34; of West Coast groups, &#34;Younger Than Yesterday&#34; deserved, and still deserves, much more critical acclaim.  Put simply, this is one of the best and most cohesive records from a period of profound musical change. With the exception of David Crosby's rambling hippy talk on &#34;Mind Gardens&#34; and the bizarre &#34;alien speak&#34; at the end of &#34;CTA 102&#34;, every song is tightly structured, superbly played and infused with the sheer enthusiasm of the mid 60's music scene. Driven along by &#34;Roger&#34; McGuinn's increasingly innovative use of the 12 string guitar and Chris Hillman's &#34;lead guitar&#34; bass, the group's highly distinctive arrangements provide a solid backdrop for their exquisitely controlled harmonies, and... over 30 years later... &#34;So You Want to be a Rock & Roll Star&#34;, &#34;My Back Pages&#34;, &#34;Everybody's Been Burned&#34; and &#34;Renaissance Fair&#34; (with its jazz based structure, ecstatic lyrics and superb bass lines) still stand out as quite wonderful music.  And, unlike many &#34;remastered&#34; editions, several of the bonus tracks on this version add genuine value. Crosby's excellent &#34;It Happens Each Day&#34; is totally compatible with the other tracks on the album and raises the question of why it, rather than his messy &#34;Mind Gardens&#34;, wasn't included. &#34;Lady Friend&#34; - one of the very best Crosby/Byrds tracks ever produced - is rescued from its previous life as a largely forgotten single, and &#34;Don't Make Waves&#34;, the short, simple but insidiously catchy B side to &#34;Lady Friend&#34;, gets a further outing.  As good as anything released in 1967 and a great deal better than most of the records that received considerably more attention at the time, &#34;Younger Than Yesterday&#34; and its flawed but brilliant successor - &#34;The Notorious Byrd Brothers&#34; - capture innovative, harmony based West Coast music at its creative peak.
B00004R99J|3.0|I don't think the problem with this film is the look (it is very competently made) or the music (decent Broadway stuff, if not exceptional) or even the historical accuracy (which no one should expect from Disney, or  even from Hollywood in general). It's the very aggressiveness of the film's  political correctness, which is so bold (to the point of self parody) that  it starts to swamp the good time that one expects to have watching a big  Disney summer cartoon. I mean, how many times do we have to absorb  &quot;Indians good, Europeans bad&quot; in one film? How much of the whites  grubbing for gold? How much of the noble, upraised profiles of the Indians?  Even the appearance of a pug as a main character (OK, that was a cheap one  - I own 3 of the critters) doesn't help. Even the pug is a little creep at  first! Must be from hanging around all those Europeans.... If you want  vintage latter day Disney, stick with &quot;Little Mermaid&quot; and  &quot;Beauty and the Beast&quot;.
0767903854|5.0|Bryson provides a whimsical, humorous, and adventurous depiction; but also an informative and reflective look at the under-appreciated continent of Australia.  In the same style of prose which made A Walk in the Woods such  a fascinating and fun read, he triumphs again with this new subject.  By  travelling across Australia by train, he reveals the beauty, wonder, as  well as danger and oddity that is the outback.  The people, animals,  landscape are all constant sources of interest and curiosity to Bryson, and  he conveys his enthusiasm to the reader excellently.  You will laugh and  shudder, reflect and learn, and love every minute of reading this  delightful account.  I sure did!
B000006ZL4|5.0|Symphony X has to be one of the most talented and musically thought provoking bands on the planet.  The guitar work is godly (this guy does it all alone?) The lyrics and vocals are nothing less than exceptional and the  bass and drum work are extremely tight.  These guys aren't messing around  with music that is uninspired and lifeless.  This is the stuff.  All  progressive metal fans should be paying homage to one of the more elite  groups still producing the goods today.  I highly recommend ALL of their  cds (if u can find them). I 've also had the chance to listen to some of  the latest offering from Symphony X (V) and I'm speechless.  It never  ends...  Symphony X has set a mark for the rest of the music world to catch  up to.  Good luck!
0767812417|5.0|Fleeing a life of workhouse servitude, Oliver (Mark Lester) arrives in London to seek his fortune.  His journey leads the ragged orphan to a crime school for boys, where the roguish Fagin (Ron Moody) teaches him to steal.  During his adventures, Oliver meets a whole crowd of Dickensonian  low-lifes, including the Artful Dodger (Jack Wild), the villainous Bill  Sikes (Oliver Reed) and the pretty, compassionate tavern singer, Nancy  (Shani Wallis).<br /><br />The musical scores are great, and the acting superb.  This is one you'll want to view over and over, and it is great family  entertainment.  Nothing here to be afraid to let the kids see.<br /><br />Good,  wholesome entertainment, and a great rendition of Dickens'  story.<br /><br />Joseph Pierre,<br /> Author of THE ROAD TO DAMASCUS: Our Journey  Through Eternity
0812565886|5.0|Austen's novels are characterized by their limited plot and their freedom from deep philosophical musings, complicated image patterns and symbolism. As a result the reader is presented with a skilfully crafted novel in which  setting, character delineation, acute observation of social interaction,  accuracy and realism are all very important. The early novels were  characterized by the use of irony, humour and satire. These are much less  evident in Persuasion, as Austen seemed more concerned with the sympathetic  and sensitive expoloration of her heroine's character and situation.  Persuasion is a simply structured novel, for its plot is concerned only  with bringing Anne Elliot and Captain Wentworth together. A major theme of  the novel is Austen's examination of pride and vanity - pride in one's  social position and vanity of one's personal appearance. The idea of  persuadability is tied up with another major concern of the novel - the  right quality of mind. As the novel develops, Austen strives to achieve a  right balance between contrasting opposites. I started to read the book  reluctantly (as it was for school); but when I was familiar with the  characters and the language, it was very enjoyable. If you have ever been  in love, or thought yourself to be, or even had a crush on someone; you  will identify with Anne Elliot's behaviour when she is around Captain  Wentworth. It was amazing how real the characters came to be, and the  events which occured can be compared of those today. I recommend the book  to anyone with an interest in love stories. It was the first Austen book I  have read, and it will not be the last.
B0000062Y2|4.0|Ted Neely as Jesus is wimpy. He lacks the vocal power needed to effectively deliver the role. In all of the Judas confrontation numbers, Carl Anderson would belt out his part (which was great, him being an  understudy or not) and then Ted Neely would croak out his response, and I  thought 'Yeah, you told him, alright...'
B00004SCX6|5.0|Fun,entergetic, dance to music, but you are into the deep,soulful music, she will dissapoint you.Definitely for younger listeners.I don't care for the computerized voice in &quot;Stronger,&quot; but you may disagree.  Definitey worth a good listen. You may not like the songs at first, but  they tend to grow on you until you want the CD anyway.Might as well save  time and buy it now...Worth buying in the end. Again,fun music, but for  teenyboppers, and really hip adults! (LOL)
B00004STPT|5.0|I rushed out to order a copy of the Gladiator soundtrack online as soon as I saw the movie. I only regret that they didn't sell this CD at the movie theatre because I would have bought it immediately after watching the  movie. The music in this soundtrack is utterly amazing, inspirational and  beautiful. As I was listening to it, I could vividly see the images of the  movie, floating around my head. &quot;The Battle&quot; and the  &quot;Barbarian Horde&quot; scores are exhilarating and very herculean- as  much as I really didn't want to relive the bloody battle scene- I could see  General Maximus swooping down on his horse to create mayhem in the battle  field. Or the beautiful music in &quot;The Wheat&quot; and others such as  &quot;Elysium&quot; where I can see Maximus walking in the field of wheat,  reminiscing of his home and his family...which is simply  soul-wrenching.<br />Hans Zimmer and Lisa Gerrard work together (composed by  and arranged by these two) in this soundtrack  to bring a myriad of  heart-pumping brass and percussion and ethereal ancient (or old-style)  sounding music. The contrasting music of these two work magnificiently in  the score, weaving the two types together fluidly into one another...  I  was most impressed with the four scores (The Wheat, Sorrow, Reunion and  Elysium) written and sung by Gerrard, which sets the mood for the movie  from the very beginning to the final scene. These scores deeply reflect the  sorrow and loss of life and the earning for something one can't have. Her  dreamy and woeful voice captures just that. Heitor Pereira on the solo  Spanish guitar in &quot;The Battle&quot; adds to the old-style. Zimmer's  orchestral and dramatic scores sincerely tell the heart of the movie, which  is vastly memorable.  &quot;The Might of Rome&quot;, which is very  reminiscent of the movie, is also one of my favorites. <br />This 61 minutes  of Gladiator soundtrack is heartfelt and majestic, very equal to the epic  masterpiece of themovie itself. And very very Oscar worthy.
6303908306|2.0|I don't believe that you should have to watch a movie twice in order to &quot;get it.&quot; A friend recommended I see &quot;The Usual Suspects&quot; after enjoying &quot;The Sixth Sense&quot; -- when I said  that it felt good to be surprised. &quot;The Ususal Suspects&quot; fell  short of surprising me -- my husband and I were watching for exactly what  happened -- and the plot was hard to follow. The sequencing, specifically,  made it hard to follow. I think the director was trying too hard to create  the climax. It didn't feel natural. I don't get what all the hype was  about.
6305622957|4.0|Tora Tora Tora was a great movie, and DVD only made it better.  Every time I buy a DVD I am surprised not only with the quality but also the extras.  With Tora Tora Tora, you get the movie as well as the original theater  teasers which in themselves are quite historic looking when you consider  how the teasers are made these days.  <br />As a movie, Tora Tora Tora is  exceptional.  The Japanese view was produced by a Japanese production team,  while the American view was made by an American production team.  I thought  this would lead to an authenticity not seen in the usual one sided  Hollywood view one would expect.  But there was a scene where the Japanese  officers are being briefed by their Commander-in-Chief.  When he mentions  the code for recall to Japan, some of the officers jump up and complain  saying it would be bad for morale and that they couldn't possibly do that.   Living and working in Japan and a traditional Japanese company, I cannot  imagine anyone of that era second guessing a superior.  If this really  happened, then I would love to see the evidence to support it.  <br />This  thorn aside, Tora Tora Tora is a must see movie for anyone interested in  the beginnings of the Pacific War in WWII.  It is presented as something  that could have been stoppable, but thanks to a few inept moves by people  who should have known better.  If half of the errors pointed out in the  movie are true, then the steps leading to the Pearl Harbor attack is the  blackest comedy of errors ever.  See it for yourself.
0783225857|5.0|The film, truly an American classic and, for my money, one of the 10 best American films ever made, is spendidly rendered here with a mint-condition print, one reportedly transferred from a preservation negative especially  created for this DVD, which was released two years ago to commemorate the  film's 35th anniversary.<br />This DVD, one of the first issued with  supporting materials, remains superior in its mix of additional features,  most especially the remarkable documentary, &quot;Fearful Symmetry,&quot;  by Charles Kiselyak, and compellingly unassuming commentary by the  director, Robert Mulligan, and the producer, the late Alan J.  Pakula.<br />Besides interviews with them, the documentary, filmed elegantly  in black and white, includes interviews with the actors, both  non-professionals who played the children, Mary Badham as Scout and Phillip  Alford as Jem, as if to remind us that we, too, have grown older. Also a  joy are interviews with the screen writer, Horton Foote; the composer,  Elmer Bernstein; and Gregory Peck, who played Atticus, a role for which he  won an Academic Award--one of eight for which the film was nominated in  1962. Both Peck and Bernstein, Kiselyak tells us, regarded &quot;To Kill a  Mockingbird&quot; as their best work. Adding to the documentary's richness  still further are interviews with several residents of Monroeville, Ala.,  the real Maycomb, to round out our sense of the town &quot;then and  now.&quot;<br />Among the revelations in the commentary is that the production  designer, Henry Bubstead, masterfully recreated the children's neighborhood  on the Universal backlot at the relatively modest cost of $225,000,  salvaging perhaps a dozen houses that would have been demolished by the  construction of a freeway--an expense made necessary because Monroeville  had become too modern to play itself in the film. This is the oppostie of  its equally remote cousin, Marquette, Mich., which Otto Preminger used to  great effect in filming &quot;Anatomy of a Murder.&quot; Bumstead, who also  designed Alfred Hitchcock's venerable &quot;Vertigo,&quot; won an Academy  Award for his achievement in &quot;To Kill a Mockingbird.&quot;<br />The main  titles, by Stephen Frankfurt, with Elmer Bernstein's eloquent, elegiac  theme, capture brilliantly not only the essence of the film but also an  essence of childhood, about which both Harper Lee's timeless, Pulitzer  Prize-winning novel and the film itself are very much concerned. The film,  a rare, nearly perfect distillation of a book, almost certainly would have  won an Academy Award as best picture had it not been up against  &quot;Lawrence of Arabia,&quot; one of the other great epics of the  American film canon.<br />Only later in &quot;To Kill a Mockingbird,&quot;  after the titles have led us to that pristine neighborhood, do we discover  the nature of that blend of innocence and experience alluded to in the  William Blake poem, &quot;The Tyger,&quot; from which Kiselyak takes the  title of his documentary. It is, after all, the great, sad sense of both  loss and love that Scout and Jem encounter, first at the hands of Robert  Ewell and then of Boo Radley.  <br />My only regret is that Harper Lee, though  she helped Kiselyak in producing the documentary, declined to be  interviewed for it, denying us the sound of her voice. In its stead,  however, we have another evocation, that of Ms. Lee's rich tone of  nostalgia and reminiscence, very much akin to that of Sam Clemens in the  Tom and Huck books, with which Charles Kiselyak infuses his own small but  mighty masterpiece.
6304773382|5.0|This movie was really entertaining. If the Lori Petty the sparkplug  doesn't hook you already, then maybe the music would, or the charm of those  kangaroo Ripper things, or just the whole good-versus-evil storyline. And  if not, you're lame. No, really. It's a fantastic movie, very creatively  put together.
0440224764|5.0|Up until the last 2 pages I thought the novel was excellent, then I was extremely dissappointed. The ending simply does not make any sense after you've read the book and know Eva's character. I'd recommend this book to  anyone thinking of reading it and it's great while you read it, but the  ending leaves a very bitter aftertaste.
6305750750|2.0|After watching the devoid-of-any-charm-sleep-inducing-travesty-of-a-movie known as the 'The Phantom Menace', I dropped to my knees and prayed to God and every saint that I could remember that Mr. George &quot;Quasi-Genius  Turned Marketing Whore&quot; Lucas hands the writing and directing duties  of the next two films to another party (dramatic-overstating,but I'm just  making a point here, folks).     Maybe in the hands of people like Lawrence  Kazden (who wrote the script for 'Empire'-the best of the orinal trilogy)  and Frank Darabont, we'll get some inspired film-making.  Something that  the Star Wars myth legacy deserves (even though the trilogy didn't deserve  'Jedi' either, but...).     But if it stays in Lucas' hands?...YEESH!      Do we really need ANOTHER &quot;VILLIAN TUMBLES DOWN A BOTTOMLESS  CHASM&quot; scene, or ANOTHER &quot;BIG-BAM-BOOM SPACE STATION&quot; scene,  or even ANOTHER &quot;CELEBRATION FINALE&quot; scene?  THere is no doubt,  to me anyways, that Mr. George is a great 'Idea Guy', and he used to be an  inspired all-around filmmaker.   But with 'Phantom', all he seemed inspired  to do was show some ILM muscle and create a two- hour commercial for the  new line of Star Wars Dolls.
B00000JYGX|5.0|I barely understand a word of this French-sung musical, but it is one of the most heartbreakingly perfect pop scores ever written.  In the grand tradition of Les Miz, these melodies knock your socks off; the opening and  closing numbers alone literally will have you in goose-bump heaven on every  listen.  The story, which is of course familiar to many from various  incarnations (the Hunchback; his love for Esmeralda; etc.), is surely the  propelling force behind the enormously appealing vocal performances on this  recording.  I do hope the current English translation retains the pure  power of this original.
B000002O8D|3.0|Sure, this has some good performances. But why bother when you can hear the REAL Lynyrd Skynyrd live on ONE MORE FROM THE ROAD? Some fans may want this purely as a tribute to the original band. But to me, without their  lead singer &amp; 2 of their guitarists, this is like buying a Rolling  Stones CD without Jagger &amp; Richards. It can't compare with the real  thing.
0880389052|5.0|Homeland is an excellent fastasy/adventure book written by R.A. Salvatore. In my opinion, Homeland is one of Salvatore's greatest works. If you would like to learn about Drizzt Do'Urden and his begining, as well as other drow  and their ways, then I recommend this book to all. Homeland is book one of  a trilogy, the other two books in this trilogy are Exile, and Sojourn. I  would also recommend reading this two books as well, but try to do so in  the order they come. In Homeland you will learn about the Underdark and  Drizzt's fight to survive when all his entire race has turned on him....
B00004SYWZ|5.0|I've been a fan of a-ha since hunting high and low and have gotten every one of their albums since. I feel like one of the fortunate privileged few in the US that have experienced their changes and growth in musicmaking  over these years, and this latest album is no exception.  This album feels  like a natural progression from their previous works.  It's not synchy like  their first few albums, but not as experimental as their later ones.  It  feels like they have matured and feels more confident in what they can  bring to the table. What results is a great mellow album full of deep,  catchy, atmospheric songs.  All the things that I have come to expect from  an a-ha album.
B000002TWN|5.0|With all the hype surrounding &quot;VOODOO&quot; people forget what actually made that release so popular. His style was so creative that it left us yearning for another taste.  Every song he released was a hit and  even the ones he didnt could have fell into that category. A perfect  collection of what real R&amp;B should be.  Here are my picks as best on  the album.<br />  Me and Those Dreamin Eyez of Mine  very smooth song with a  sensual flow. Lyrics fit the mood and vocals like heaven.<br />   When We Get  By   the best song I have heard from him. Mixes old-time style with  sometimes confusing but still beautiful lyrics. Jazzy song with a mellow  mood to it.<br />   Lady   like is others it is laid back and mellow.  This  was his breakthrough song which put him on the map. Still good after all  those years.<br />This cd proved D'Angelo as an artist and made us want him.   Relaxed, sensual, carismatic, and once even violent, D gave us what we  wanted to hear before we even knew we wanted to hear it.  Sleeper pick:   Higher   deep spiritual song which ofte resembles old negro  spiritual/gospel.
B00004T9UF|1.0|Unlike the first albumn which had 1 ok song, this has none. I'd like to like Emenem, but the album is nothing more than rants .... Nothing origional, no musical value, .... I get what he says, and frankly I don't blame him for hating his mother/family and his issues with society. But good music this isn't. Teens won't get the irony of the albumn, and just pick up the lame white boy gangster mentality we just don't need. How Dre let this one get away from him I'm not sure...
158234082X|2.0|The title and dust jacket info lead you to believe that the book will be a behind-the-scenes look at restaurants.  The book actually turns out to be a choppily written autobiography.<br />Much of the story simply follows the  author around from failed restaurant to failed restaurant.  This gets  tedious fairly quickly.<br />There are a few passages that describe what a  busy kitchen is actually like, and the grace and skill involved when  someone is trying to cook 5 different meals simultaneously.  For a few  pages, everything comes together the way I wish the whole book had.  These  bits are few and far between.
B00003CX5A|5.0|Sleepy Hollow is a smooth spooky film.  The range of characters in the film gave the film a different edge as the deaths that were happening all around the people were affecting them all in different ways.  I liked the  light humour that kept creeping up through the film, as this was unexpected  by me.      The acting was great at times but at others I got the feeling  it was too melodramatic, with the constant faintings of Ichabod Crane  (Johnny Depp) went over the top after the third time.       Something I  noticed, and I`m not sure if the film was supposed to do this, was that all  tyhe people that watched it with me, myself included, started a kind of  guessing game as to who was controlling the Headless Horseman, coming up  with theories aswell.  I thought that proved that we were all deeply  imbedded in the plot of the film.    Overall I thought the film was very  well done and the decapitations and other death scenes were brilliant, so I  would have to give Burton two thumbs up.
0446310786|4.0|I loved the book To Kill a Mockingbird because it was so exciting. I didn't want to put it down because I couldn't wait to see what happened next. This book would appeal to people of all ages. I think everyone can relate to at least one of the characters or situiations. The plot of the  story was the most interesting to me because it never died down, but it  wasn't too complicated either. This book should be red by all audiences  because it is great and understandable from anyone's perspective.
B00004SYWZ|4.0|I was exhilerated to find out that the long thought of dead a-ha is still alive and performing classic euro-folk-pop.  Gone are the synth pop sounds of Hunting High and Low which put them on the map and in are introspective  tunes of a band who recognizes their faded teen pop appeal and who wants  very much to be considered musicians first.  They succeed rather nicely in  crafting folkish pop synth melodies bordering on mini-operatic contemporary  opuses.  An upbeat atmosphere and mood blend well on &quot;The Sun Shone  that Day,&quot;  and the past sound of a-ha, circa Scoundrel Days,  resurfaces on the gorgeously heartbreaking &quot;Velvet.&quot;  New  directions are explored in &quot;The Company Man,&quot; an elegiac  commentary bordering on sarcastic bombast.  a-ha are artists in their own  Scandinavian ways, refusing to allow the passage of time dim their own  special commitment to their vision - a vision that can best summed up from  &quot;Thought That it Was You,&quot;  when they write &quot;You know my  deepest sin, You've seen me deep within, So fill me now like wind, And let  the miracle begin.&quot;
6302043158|5.0|I love this film, I wake up every morning and want to watch it, Phil Daniels plays Jimmy a young mod who becomes dissolusioned by his own lifestyle. The cast list is supreme :Phil Daniels, Leslie Ash, Sting, Toyah  Wilcox, Ray Winstone - all of which have gone on to greater things, my  favourite moment is when Jimmy jumps of the balcony in the disco. If you  havn't bought it, then go out and buy it, If you have already bought it  then go out and buy it again, the sheer delight of buying one of the  greatest films ever made, will be worth the money.
B00004TH6O|5.0|Well before this album even came out, I read some reviews by people who had it somehow and it wasn't sounding good.  But then I thought how could something like Queens be bad?  Well when I bought the album those songs  haven't left my mind yet.  This album goes all over the place and never  returns to the previous.  I have all the Queens cds and I think this is the  coolest one yet, it might not be hard sounding, or Kyuss sounding, but its  just plain and simple cool desert rock.  This cd has pieces from first  Queens cd and some Kyuss sounding pieces and other great influences as  well.  Has to be the best album of the year, I don't think anyone can top  it, unless TOOL or maybe Alice in Chains releases something.  Rated R beats  the new A Perfect Circle and new Monster Magnet and everything else.  Go  out and buy this cd, you won't be disappointed if you like desert rock.
B00003CWOL|4.0|During Clerks, Mallrats, and Chasing Amy we all learned to appreciate the witty banter of Kevin Smith.  One problem I had was that his burning, biting philosophy was coming out in response to some seemingly  uninteresting things i.e. a quick stop, mall, or comic book line.  Therein  lies some of Smith's genius, but also a crutch that is holding back some  fun, topical, relevant, engaging philosophy about things that can make a  difference.<br />    He has addresses that issue in Dogma, a pure fun, but  thought provoking tale about love, sex, destiny, hope and oh yes religion.   If you are offended by this film (that is too bad) you have missed the  point.  I won't even begin to think I understand Smith's purpose, but this  is a film that told me, we need to personalize our belief and solidify our  convictions or the \\"Jays\\" of our lives might try and clip our wings.<br />  The dialogue in this film (vulgar as usual) was fun and exciting to follow.   I would like to see the PG film Smith has in store (the one he keeps  promising his parents in the credits).  The Davids, Mamet and Lynch proved  that amazing films can be made with a PG and even G rating (The Spanish  Prisoner, The Straight Story) and someday Smith will figure this out and  win an academy award.  Not that I'm too offended by him, but repetitions of  the \\"f\\" word is the easy way out when an feeble mind loses the ability to  express itself.  <br />    The cast of this film alone makes it worth  seeing.  The appearances by Carlin, and the Clerks boys are lively and well  done.  Across the board the acting is solid as is the direction and Smith  fans won't be disappointed.
B00003CWL5|3.0|Although the movie was at times beautiful, and the characters all nice and quirky, it somehow seemed shallow and flat. I expected so much more... perhaps as the writer below suggested, it's much much better on DVD, but  then perhaps the movie studios should have released the DVD at the same  time as the movie.  It was a good movie, but I did not think it was great.
B0000062GE|5.0|Darkest Days has to be SW's best album to date. Ungod was the music where you could definately tell it was made in the early 90's(Im not downgrading it at all), and Wither, Blister, Burn, and Peel was unbearably awesome  untill I heard Darkest Days. I love how it's not just individual songs, but  as how they flow together like a story.
B00003CWN2|5.0|I have to say that this was one of the most riviting movies of the year. Even thought you know how tragicaly the movie will end you can't help bing pulled in by Branndon's soomth , baby face looks and savy small town ways.        I must give Hilary her props. She did a wonderful job as the role of  branndon teena. All the actors in this movie deserve so much more.     As  most movies go this is not a typical love story you would take a date too  but it is a love story no matter what.  I could relate with Branndon all  the way through the movie and it hit so close to home. All I can say is  when a movie can make me cry for 1/2 an hour later, it has to be good.
B00000J6AG|4.0|I have never really liked Moby very much, I accually still think he's a little on the wacko side, but this man really knows his stuff.  As soon as I turned on the CD, I was hooked by &quot;Honey&quot;. I also enjoyed songs  like &quot;Bodyrock&quot; &quot;Nateral Blues&quot; &quot;Porcelain&quot;  and &quot;Rushing&quot;. The beats and rythems in his songs are amazing and  will always get your toe tapping. On the other hand, the 2nd half of this  CD is kind of weak.  I enjoy the first half of the Cd more then the 2nd  half. But still, eather you are a fan of mixes like this, or even if you  don't really enjoy it, you will more then likely enjoy this wonderful  colaberation of music by Moby.
0553573403|5.0|This (along with it's sequel) is definately one of the best fantasy novels I've read in quite awhile.  There are plenty of good characters to follow and not all of them appear to be solely good or evil.  It is definatly not  your basic good guy versus bad guy novel.  I'm not even sure who I think  should win the throne.  The fact that magic is used sparingly while still  making an appearance is also appealing.  The only problem I have with these  books is that they are so easy to read they go by too quickly.
B00004T9UF|4.0|Not being a rap fan, I've to admit that I was really cracking up with the warning on Track 1.  Eminem's got a great sense of humor and his lyrics are well done.  If you like rap, this is a definite, if you dont, still try it  out cause its really interesting and fun.
6302814782|5.0|I'm not really into &quot;vampire&quot; but this movie rocks. There is plenty of action in the explosive finale that leaves the boys of Santa Carlo battling the vampires in a bloody conclusion. The setting is errie  and there is also campy humor. They picked good actors to play the Vampire  Boys. Don't listen to anymore, buy it right NOW!
B00003CXDU|4.0|this movie was very unexpectedly funny. has a lot of comedic moments that will make u laugh out loud. alan rickman in particular is very good. good ensemble cast and a snappy script make this movie into a comic  firecracker!
B00003W8NM|5.0|I remeber when I first saw the trailers for Fight Club. I thought it  looked really stupid. I said to myself, &quot;Oh great some kind of macho  action movie where Brad Pitt runs around topless to attract women and beats  up Edward Norton to attract the guys.&quot; I figured after this movie all  my mindless highschool peers were going to be starting their own fight  clubs and &quot;not talking about it.&quot; Later on the pieces of the  puzzle started coming together. I found out that David Fincher was  directing. Being a huge fan of Seven I thought I would give it a chance and  sat down in the movie theater one night. Two hours later I had never been  so happy to be proven wrong. And I was proven very wrong. This movie is  amazing. I forgot that unlike other Hollywood pretty boys, Brad Pitt has  integrety and would never make a movie like Titanic. Fincher Pitt and  Norton are just the ultimate combo. And the DVD comes with 2 discs worth of  the movie and extra stuff in a really cool package too. See this movie  immediately. It's a wild ride with meaning and fun. It will make laugh,  squirm, and think.
6305807086|5.0|its cool to see filmmakers still taking a chance on celluloid. its so easy to make the generic plots, characters, and even direction. hell, JERRY BRUCKHEIMER MAKES A GOOD LIVING WITH IT! but this movie is very special.  amazing performances from the cast (i didnt know the wife was cameron diaz  until about an hour and a half into the movie), which take you into a world  of fun and excitment. great movie! other stars/directors/studios/writers  should be so bold and daring as this movie.
0671042858|1.0|The premise of King's book is too good: a young girl lost in the woods, her furtive imagination going wild as she tries to find her way out.  Unfortunately, the actual story is about as compelling as watching a 3 day  cricket match.  Who knows if King could have written it in a way to hold my  attention, but as it stands, the story is dullsville.  The best moments are  when our heroine talks to Tom Gordon, but those are far and few between.  Most of the book is written in a rather sophomoric way and many of the  events in the story make you want to roll your eyes.  A nice payoff at the  end may have redeemed the book, sort of like a closer coming in in the  ninth to save a losing game.  But alas, this one will have to go in the  &quot;L&quot; column.
0767903854|5.0|The day after I'd ordered it, the new Bryson was given a mediocre review in the N.Y. Times.  I'd've ordered it anyway since I'm a big fan but, in fact, my vague disquiet arising from Maslin's negativity simply added to my  utter joy as I read In a Sunburned Country.  It may not be as  non-stop-laugh-out-loud as some of his others but it's far superior to A  Walk in the Woods &amp; I certainly guffawed every couple of pages.  As  often happens with him, things are most amusing when he just shares his  thoughts: his variations on Waltzing Matilda are worthy of being compared  to the bawdier works of Robert Burns.  He does indulge in some more sober  contemplation similar to his cantankerous observations in earlier books but  since I agree with most of his opinions, I used those moments to catch my  breath for the next upbeat section.  As often happens with his material,  there are parts I can't 'share with friends' because I'm laughing too hard  to read the passages.  It's Bryson at his very nearly best.
B000007MVX|1.0|Jethro Tull had 2 great albums: Stand Up and Benefit. Then they got &quot;intellectual&quot; with concept music that was way over their heads. The 70s had a plethora of self-described philosophers who had no business  with 'concepts', and Tull is on top of the list. They use terms for no  reason (Aqualung is an old man?) and vie with the likes of Dante (Passion  Play, yeah right!). They should have stuck to Martin Barre's blues  ditties.<br />By the way, I saw this tour, way back. It was loud and dull to  the max.
0440217563|3.0|I have read all of the books in the Outlander series - as have all my friends - and I loved them.  However, this was my least favorite in the series.  I felt it didn't measure up to the standards of the others.  I  almost didn't continue with the series fearing the other books would be  similar to Voyage and not the exceptional read Outlander was.  Stick with  it.  Then you can get on to Dragonfly in Amber, which was excellant, and  finally Drums of Autumn, which was my favorite in the series.
B00004RFFM|2.0|Deep Blue Sea is just plain awful. Borrowing themes, scenes from other movies, what are we to make of this movie? I think it works as a comedy, for it didn't scare me and wouldn't scare a five year old. The big problem  you would think would be its strength: the special effects. In Jaws we  rarely see the shark, a good device to build suspense. Take the first night  attack scene in Jaws(one of the most frieghtening in history) and compare  it to the &quot;scarey&quot; scenes in Deep Blue Sea and Jaws is a work of  art compared to this trashy sea-slug. The digital sharks look phony, and  more so the more we see of them. The actors save one woodenly sleep-walk,  wading waist-deep in a poor scripted downer. The only actor that was  entertaining to me was L.L.Cool J, funny and real as the cook, and when  these sharks with &quot;human intelligence&quot; get him in the stove and  turn the control knobs to try to roast him alive, all credibility was lost,  as I giggled to the preposterous end. L.L.Cool J. hopefully will be given  more movies, for he has real charm, and somehow you feel, while watching  him in Deep Blue Sea, that he is not taking this mess too seriously and I  suggest viewers follow suit, buy Jaws and see how real terror of sharks  began in the cinema.
B0000028RR|5.0|This is without a doubt one of the most meaningful albums ever released in the 1990s'. This band really has a lot to say. The lyrics are deep, if somewhat hard to understand. The guitar is rockin' and immovative. Tom  Morrello (i think that's how you spell it) is one of the most innovative  guitarists I've ever seen. This is a great CD and definatley worth owning;  pick it up if you dont already have it. Check out Battle of LA and Evil  Empire here at Amazon too.
B00000JCB2|3.0|well after reading most of these reviews i can see i'm not alone.most everyone thinks that heavy metal bizkit is the true bizkit.n2gether now?please stop fred.show me what you got.need i say more.the first album  was something i get into.i was in 6th grade (1998) when one of my  &quot;cutting edge/underground&quot; friends brought in a copy of 3 dollar  bills ya'll.i've heard bizkits name mentioned in magazines but have never  seen or heard them.after hearin counterfeight i was hooked.i heard it on  the radio a couple of times after but that first time listeing to it on a  school computer during snack break was something special.i got the cd saw  the video once for counterfeight and faith a million times.then came the  summer of limp 99.nookie rocked.i won't lie.i was excited for this album  like none other ever before.but what i ended up with is something almost as  bad as system ofa down.(ouch)
B00004SCX6|5.0|If you liked ...Baby one more time you'll love Oops....I did it again!The lyrics are more mature. But the style is the same.The best songs are Oops...I did it again,[I can't get no]Satisfaction,Lucky,and Dear Diary  [COWRITTEN BY BRITNEY].Plus there's little intro's on  Satisfaction,Lucky,and Dear Diary.You'll love every minute of it. Oops is  my favorite album.Even if you hate pop buy this c.d.Don't waste a second.  LONG LIVE BRITNEY SPEARS!
B00000J7J4|3.0|Well, I'm a great fan of Santana, both for his talent as a musican, and also for his music in general. However, I was quite let down by this album, firstly because it is more like a compilation of various artists (great way  how to sell a CD), and secondly for verging on to the commercial side, more  than sticking to his own style. Don't get me wrong, from the first few  notes of every track one can immedatley notice that it is Santana song, but  the songs except for a very few (eg. the 1 with Clapton), are all rather  contemoporay. Well I hope it's a one off album, and in the future we will  get more 'old' Santana albums. On the positive side it is great to listen  to whilst driving or at a party, I'd describe it as an easy going album.
B000002B5L|5.0|Whenever someone tries to convince me that rap is not a true form of music, I always point to the Fugees to prove them wrong.  The Fugees are poets of the highest order who make us laugh, make us cry, and make us want  to stand up and fight for the things in life that are most important.  I  have listened to this album many times since I first purchased it and every  time I find something new that makes me love it all over again.
