B000002540|4.0|Here's The Cult going into overdrive. Never mind the limpid production, easily compensated by twiddling the right knobs, whereupon a veritable storm of heavy rock is unleashed. Don't be fooled by this being the  seventies: these guys could play allright and are up there with Deep Purple  and Led Zep, and way past your average 90's rockband. \\"Cities on  Flame\\" is just too mad: powerhouse drumming supports an earthshaking  riff, sinister lyrics come rolling along, immaculate timing throughout, and  just when you think it is safe to go out there, they shift three gears up  and at breakneck speed follows a piece of tremendoes rock'n'roll, searing  guitar solo's and all, after which the wrap up with a bang. \\"The Last  Days of May\\" is a beautiful ballad, The Cult gliding and sliding  along, guitars dripping with melancholy, evoking the sunshine in the West,  and fittingly of course with a bad end to the story. \\"Harvester of  Eyes\\" just explodes in mid section, when the band go into an action  packed rock out a la Van Halen, inclusive of ripping fretwork.  \\"ME262\\" is the name of a German WW2 Warplane, and that's what it  sounds like, complete with frantic phone conversations between Third Reich  leaders, who are losing the plot. \\"Hot Rails to Hell\\". Well, what  do you think? Exactly. And more. Check out the dialogue between the Cult  and old \\"Lou\\" Lucifer. It just doesn't stop, and if you ever  wondered what cool people listened to in 1975, and why they chuckle and  shake their heads when you mention Gun's and Roses or Pearl Jam , then  here's the change to find out why..
6304297912|5.0|Great Movie. Beautiful effects. Wayyyy tripp
0553450530|5.0|When it comes to the &quot;spy&quot; novel, noone exceeds Robert Ludlums talents. A few come close, but when you use TBI as a comparison to any other novel, they all fall short. I could probably go on for pages  detailing everything in this book that makes me call it the best Spy novel  ever, but I will just say that from first page to last, I don't think there  is one time you want to put it down. If you plan on reading this the for  the first time, you had better make sure you don't have to work the next  day.
B000002C4J|5.0|This was the first Celine CD I bought and now I have all 5 of her English CD's. Celine puts so much into her music that you can't help but tear up. If your thinking of buying a Celine CD, all are wonderful but this one is  real special.
0871137380|4.0|This is a cracking good read that scoops you right up in the choppers with the Rangers and Delta commandoes and drops you right in the heart of Mogadishu where everything is scarce except crazy-ass Somalis with AK-47s  and RPGs.  You can almost hear the bullets popping past your head.  You  can't help but admire our guys but at the same time feel a sympathy for  Somalis shooting back at a force of foreigners shooting up their town.
B0000067L2|5.0|As I write this, I am looking at my 1967 original version of Cream's Disraeli Gears. Eric Clapton, Jack Bruce and Ginger Baker look back at me from the perfect condition, pink, psychedelic cover. I must remind myself  that three decades have passed since these legends of rock bestowed some of  the greatest music from the landmark 60s. One of the finest memories I keep  close is their December 1968 concert with Led Zeppelin and Vanilla Fudge at  the Seattle Opera House. Last week, after 30 years, I saw Jack Bruce again,  this time with Ringo's Starr's Fifth All-Starr Band, also featuring Todd  Rundgren, Gary Brooker, Simon Kirke and Timmy Capello. Jack Bruce presented  the great songs of Cream, including &quot;Sunshine of Your Love.&quot; But  when he played &quot;White Room,&quot; he fell to his knees in reverie. The  crowd rose to its feet in tribute. I cried in his honor. A man next to me  touched my arm and said, &quot;I see memories all over your face.&quot; If  you are someone who would like to hear what the 60s really sounded like,  this is one of the albums you must have. It sits in my collection next to  Jimi Hendrix's &quot;Are You Experienced?&quot; and all of the Beatles'  recordings. That time will never come again. But it lives on in the music  and in us.
0141301066|4.0|This is a typically entertaining Dahl story, notable for having a female protagonist. It's not his tightest work; I think this one is padded with a few too many irrelevant mischievous incidents, but for the most part it's  good fun, and parts are hilarious.
630521610X|5.0|Few horror movies of recent mind have captured the essence of suspense. It appeals to a younger crowd in terms of sex appeal and dialogue. I believe it a masterful work in a genre not known for talented actors and directors.
B000002UAC|5.0|The Beatles took every song they touched and made it their own, whether they had written it or not. Here we see them rocking like nobody's business (check out &quot;Money&quot;) and writing some startlingly original  originals (&quot;All my Loving&quot;, &quot;It Won't Be Long&quot;.) Listen  to the vitality.
B000005JXG|5.0|This is what Irish music should be like -- more punk than MOR Corrs type stuff.  It grabs your emotions and doesn't let go.  <br />This is also the best CD by a great band, you owe yourself a listen.
0141301104|4.0|In his later years, Dahl could still tell a cracker of an engrossing tale. This, along with &quot;Matilda&quot; are the best of his later works. The story is neatly developed and tied up, though squeamish readers may dislike  the fact that the protagonist must remain a mouse at the end.
630518299X|5.0|The Truman Show is not actually on video where I live (the uK) till March 29th, but since I've seen it on cinema, I thought I'd put my two-penny worth in. This film just blew me away. The best film of 1998! Jim Carrey is  just SUPERB in it. Normally, you either love or hate a Jim Carrey film  (I've always loved him) but with The Truman Show, everyone (who posseses a  brain that is) will love it.
B000002UAR|5.0|I hesitate to think what the reviewer below who believes the Beatles are the &quot;worst band of all time&quot; thinks is the best band. Perhaps the Beatles are not the worst, for even if you think they are bad, surely there  are others of even less merit? Such an extreme opinion is a natural  reaction to the hype and excitement about the Beatles that has persisted  for over thirty years. Listen, folks, this is genius. For once the masses  got it right. This stuff holds up today because it is intelligent,  exciting, and fun. Never again would recorded music witness such an  experimental breakthrough. &quot;Eleanor Rigby&quot; is one of the greatest  songs of the twentieth century in any genre.
0767804724|4.0|A great movie for Harrison Ford fans.  Ranks with it's cousins Patriot Games and Clear &amp; Present Danger.  One minor flaw for this military veteran reviewer - toward the end of the movie the President (Ford) asks an  Air Force major (William H. Macy) if he know how to fly, and the answer is  &quot;No&quot;.  The major is wearing Master Pilot wings on his shirt, but  he doesn't know how to fly . . .
079213690X|5.0|This movie was great. I loved every part of it especially the big war scene.  This is definately a must see movie.
6304675348|1.0|I must admit it was a good plot. Not scary at all. If all you wanna see are teens talk,talk,talk,talk,talk,see this movie. If ya wanna be scared, see Urban Legend!
B000002LH5|5.0|The cult are the hottest band to come out of the 80s.
B00000D9TQ|5.0|Is this a successful compilation?  Well, there are a couple logical answers to that question.  By a large, it certainly is.  It does contain most of his staples, &amp; what makes it great is that, for big Phil fans,  it contains the handful of smash hits that weren't on his albums like  brilliant #1 &quot;Against All Odds&quot;,  a stirring ballad (it benefits  highly being such a short song), &amp; the magnificently catchy &quot;Two  Hearts&quot;.  Fans will really like having these colected on 1 Phil disc,  or having them period since they may not already.  However, casual fans  will find it very noticable that &quot;Don't Lose My Number&quot; isn't  featured, &amp; neither is &quot;Everyday&quot;.  It does wisely highlight  the perhaps overlooked, but fantastic &quot;Dance Into the Light&quot;  which is entirely worthy of inclusion.  And the new song &quot;True  Colors&quot;, produced by Babyface is predictably sappy &amp; mediocre.   Big fans will notice that it doesn't really draw an accurate portrait of  his career evolution by including only 1 song apiece from his great, less  slickly produced 1st 2 albums when his music wasn't heavily synthesized  &amp; had a more organic sound, but focuses heavily on the years 84-89.   Being his most commercially successful it makes sense, but again, it misses  &quot;Don't Lose My Number&quot; &amp; the radio staple &quot;We Said Hello  Goodbye&quot;, &amp; another smash &quot;Do You Remember?&quot;  However,  at least you do get your moeny's worth in that the disc is around 74  minutes.  So, in a nutshell, it's a mixed bag.  If you like the music on  here, you'll likely to enjoy all of Phil's albums, because there is great  music to be found on all of them, but the non-album hits make it  worthwhile.  At his best, Phil is great--one of the greatest singers,  songwriters, &amp; drummers there are.
B0000085N4|5.0|The cult are the hottest band to come out of the 80s
B000002H6C|5.0|Simply put, this is the best Metal album ever made. Bar none
B000002KYB|5.0|With LOVE OVER GOLD, Dire Straits ventured where few artists even dare.  An album of five long songs totalling 41 minutes that's mostly  instrumental.  A far-fetched concept for most artists, but a logical one  for this daring band. The album is brilliantly orchestrated, and  although  Mark Knopfler's guitar shines, there is far greater chemistry coming from  all five members than any other band I've ever heard.  The  breathtaking  finale of the epic &quot;Telegraph Road&quot; best illustrates this.  The  role of detective in &quot;Private Investigations&quot; has Knopfler  delicately strumming a Spanish guitar with the moody piano of Alan Clark in  the backdrop.  The song veers into unpredictable places which would leave  any  first-time listener craving for more suspense. The album's dark and  intense theme takes a  momentary break in the up-tempo humor of   &quot;Industrial Disease&quot;, featuring the dual guitar mumblings of Mark  Knopfler and Hal Lindes.  The album is rounded out by the classical  stylings of the title cut and the Dylanesque &quot;It Never Rains&quot;,  which starts off like a kitten and ends like a ferocious lion.  The album's  lyrics are thought provoking, but it's the intensity and depth of the music  that really provides an intimate  connection with the listener.  LOVE OVER  GOLD is arguably the Straits' best album and undoubtedly a true rock and  roll masterpiece.
B000002H97|5.0|While the black album wasn't my favorite, it truly shows the talent this band has.  ...And Justice for All was a headbanging, slamming masterpiece. However, the band new they needed to diversify their sound.   &quot;One&quot; showed us their ability to combine great lyrics with a  silent to deadly rythem.  &quot;The Unforgiven&quot; is a testament to  their ability to incorporate a balled with their heavy sound.  True  Metallica fans such as myself have to appreciate the wide range of sound  Metallica gives us in this album.  Kirk Hammet has to be the best  rythem/lead guitarist alive.  When you combine that with Newsted's finessed  bass, you have a grinding but essential guitar sound that shows pure Metal  talent. And if there's a drummer that can simply do it all better than  Lars, i would like to hear him. This is the album by which all other Metal  albums should be compared. Pure and artistic in every form.
6304539258|5.0|For thousands of years, epics were told in the oral form, then eventually written down. (think Beowulf).  In the last 2 or 3 centuries, epics have been in written form.  (Paradise Lost, The Lord of the Rings)  And Lucas  just went on to the next stage!   Here is a movie you can watch 20 times  and still see something new. Here is a movie that has lines so good you'll  be repeating them in your own conversations. Here is the movie that  redefined storytelling and opened our eyes to what cinema could *really*  do! And here is a movie that, once you've seen it, you can never forget it.   There's something about STAR  WARS that just sticks with you forever. I  swear, if I ever wear out a video, it'll be STAR WARS.  I could watch it a  thousand times!
0345315227|1.0|I have always been used to Arthur C. Clarke's disdain for religion through the decades.  But in his best novel, &quot;Childhood's End&quot; he made his philosophical points so brilliantly and effectively in a well-written  story that even the greatest Christian apologist of this century, C.S.  Lewis thought it was one of the best works of science fiction written.<br />In  3001 alas, Clarke's blatherings about religion reveal a shrillness that he  seemingly needs to compensate for what is a thoroughly dull story (at least  2001 and 2010 were fascinating reads) in which the only thing he is  interested in is dreaming of his vision of a politically correct  future.<br />And what is one to make of Arthur's peculiar comment at one point  that socialism/communism is thoretically the best possible government but  that the destruction caused by its attempted implementation in the 20th  century is the fault of the corrupt human nature?  It is amazing how Arthur  thinks that killing in the name of religion is a great evil that makes  religion worthy of condemnation but that the far greater atrocities  committed in the name of a system that by its own nature required terror  and the suppression of liberty to maintain it, is only the fault of human  nature.  What Arthur unfortunately fails to realize is that when good  people practice religion, it's been known to work wonders on society.  The  same can not be said of communism since there has yet to be a single  &quot;good&quot; person who made it work.<br />Conceptually, the book is  interesting.  Alas, Arthur has gotten so obsessed with his peculiar  philosophy that he's totally forgotten how to write coherently.
6304702205|5.0|I have seen Yanni many times in concert and his music always seems new and alive each time I hear it. Tribute not only brings superb scenery and timeless music but a genuine love and sincerity for all peoples.
0880381736|5.0|I've never read a book with so much character depth until now. If I could, I would give this book seven stars. I don't know how Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman came up with such a great story. It had plenty of action,  which I like.
B000001F3C|5.0|It's hard to remember how revolutionary this album sounded when it came out . . . until you listen to it again.  It still holds up, maintaining its vitality and energy track after track.  It remains, in my humble opinion,  U2's best album, and one of the best there ever was.
B000002JOH|4.0|If you are into heavy music, Vulgar Display of Power is for you. Great guitars, cool lyrics. To put it blatantly, this album rocks.
B000002AV5|5.0|This is a great value AND great music.  Sade gives an impressive presentation of her best songs.  If you want to be soothed and deeply entertained, this is it.  This CD is easy on your ears, and soothes your  soul.  Get it, you won't regret it!
0790736039|4.0|That goes not only for the Losers' Club but also the people involved in converting this immensely complicated, long and intricate book into a movie. Of course they couldn't fit all of what makes the book so compelling  into the film, and it shows; there is no mention of Stan Uris's dead boys  in the Standpipe, no leper under the house at Neibolt Street, no  mass-bonding orgy scene in the sewer. Henry Bowers, far from being huge and  ugly, is rather attractive in a &quot;Grease&quot; sort of way; neither  Beverly nor Bill have the red hair for which they are famous. But in the  first part of the film, while the Losers' Club of 1958 (for King fans, this  brings to mind the 1958 Plymouth Fury) are playing in the Barrens, the film  definitely conveys the atmosphere and description of the book. My main  caveat to the viewer is: don't expect a satisfactory ending. The book and  the movie are about equally annoying on this point; it almost seems as if  King had no idea how to finish his opus, and rather than trying to follow  through with the style and air of the rest of the book he tacked on a  vaguely comic-book-style ending complete with billows of green light and  smoke. It's worth watching if only for the scenes of Henry and his  disciples in the (oddly Gothic-chapel-like) pumping station, face to face  with an It apparently made entirely out of white light. One cannot forget  the extraordinary physical beauty of Jonathan Brandis, either.  &quot;It&quot; wasn't scary, but then Stephen King doesn't scare me.  Rather, it was interesting to see how the screenplay met the challenges of  the interweaving times and memories which make the novel impossible to put  down.
B00000F1D3|5.0|What a great CD to listen to while driving, singing in the shower, or just enjoying while dancing the night away!  Cher has outdone herself.  Believe is a song that will make you get up and dance.  Other highlights are  Taxi,Taxi, and All or Nothing.
B00000ADG2|1.0|I find it somewhat interesting that every review for this album is to the extreme, either one star or five stars with very few in the middle. That should tell you something about mainstream MTV-glorified music
0316920045|1.0|Oh Lord! I can't imagine a contraption this longwinded and show-offy. It's the tyranny of the English Deparment, footnotes and all! The author needs to be aired out. After reading this, I wanted to read a Zane Grey novel.
B000002JOF|3.0|I can understand how people unfamiliar with Chris Rea's work might be captivated by this album - after all, the title track is terrific, and his voice is unique.  But earlier albums like 'On The Beach' and especially  'Shamrock Diaries' - are better.  More complex, more melodic, more  everything.  Check them out first.
6302516919|4.0|I read Christine before I saw it, and all in all I think Carpenter did well adapting the brick-thick novel to a two hour movie. Christine herself is stunningly beautiful and heartwrenchingly dangerous; the use of  appropriate 50s rock songs adds a lot of suspense to the film. The sound  effects when Christine's duals flick on are deeply chilling. In fact, the  car herself and the transformation of Arnie from charming nerd to possessed  puppet are the best parts of the movie. Dennis Guilder and Leigh Cabot  struck me as uninteresting, whereas Arnie's chemistry with his car sets the  mind on fire. See this movie if for no other reason than to watch  Christine's mangled body slowly bend itself back into shape, inch by inch.  All the major happenings in the novel are there in the film, if a little  abridged; there is enough raw power in the car scenes to carry the rest of  the film through. See it if you're a car person; don't see it if you are  afraid of driving too fast.
6305169187|1.0|This was one of the worst movies I have ever seen.  Crass, boring, stupidly acted, sitting through it was not unlike having a metal bucket put over your head and having someone beat on it with a wooden spoon for two  hours.  Bruce Willis' performance was embarrassing.  Deep Impact was a WAY  better picture!
B000002BSV|5.0|without bernard bulter, the songs become more catchy and simple....what's wrong with that!!!
B000002L7G|2.0|You can't please all of the people all of the time, but if you try, this is what you end up sounding like - the aural equivelent of white bread.  'Money For Nothing' and 'So Far Away' are okay, but nothing special, and  the rest of the album just annoys.  It's a shame that Chris Rea gets  lumped-in with this bunch. In comparison to Dire Strait's bread type, he's  organic seven-grain.
0060925000|5.0|just love the way v. seth writes.  his use of the english language is enviable.  character development fascinating.  i hope he writes a sequel to this:  life with lata and haresh, newly married;  whatever happens to  kabir, and maan, and malati, and of course, mrs rupa mehra!.
0440224764|5.0|This is by far the best Grisham book ever. It is extremely suspenseful and you never know what happens next. It is in my opinion totally unpredictable and very andrenalizing.
B000002C25|5.0|noel perfectly combined the elements from his first two albums
076782444X|5.0|SOME HAD INQUIRED ABOUT CHAYANNE'S UPCOMING VISITS TO THE UNITED STATES. CHAYANNE LIVES IN MIAMI, FLORIDA AND WILL BE TOURING THIS SPRING. IF YOU GO TO LYCOS AND ENTER CHAYANNE. YOU CAN SEE HIS UPCOMING TOUR SCHEDULE WHICH  STARTS IN CALIFORNIA, THEN DALLAS, HOUSTON, EL PASO, CHICAGO NEW YORK AND  MIAMI. I LIVE IN CHICAGO AND I ALREADY HAVE MY TICKETS. I DID SEE THIS  MOVIE TWICE IN THE THEATRES AND HAVE RENTED A COUPLE OF TIME. I LOVE THE  MUSIC AND THE DANCING. BEING PUERTO RICAN, I CAN TELL YOU THAT CHAYANNE  MADE US VERY PROUD IN DISPLAYING HIS TALENTS NOT ONLY AS A SINGER, ACTOR  AND NOW A DANCER. I FEEL THAT HE IS NOT THE NEXT ANTONIO BANDERAS, HE MUCH  BETTER AND YOUNGER THAN BANDERAS. IT IS A SHAME THAT HE WAS NOT PICK FOR  THE ROLE OF ZORRO. IT WOULD OF BEEN ALOT MORE INTERESTING TO WATCH.
0385493800|5.0|As an Episcopal priest, I appreciate the fact that he deals with spiritual and religious issues with sensitivty and integrity. It is a talent that is all too rare in contemporary literature.
0312199066|5.0|I was born in 1955 so was just old enough to appreciate the Apollo program as it took place and realize it's historic significance at the time. This  book is a very good overview of that era and earlier events during projects  Gemini and Mercury. But to me the strong points in this book are Cernan's  inside information about other astronauts and how various events came  about, really fasinating to a space buff like me, and even to a general  reader unfamiliar to the space program. I have read books by other  astronauts and this book is just as good as any of them. As this book says,  Apollo in a way came before it's time, and we dropped the ball by not  continuing it longer. Finally, the writing style is very easy to read, buy  this book, you won't regret it.
0783233477|5.0|great concept, great ending.  what more can you ask for
0790729628|4.0|ok the dvd package is no extra value but still a   wonderful movie. question why do replicants ahave trouble answering questions concerning animals or their mothers ? let me know !!
0375707972|4.0|i finished this book in about a day and a half.  it is very simple at times, and complex at others.  it seemed to be about 4 or 5 different things, as if the author sat down to write about only one and then got off  track.  it is no masterpiece, but i enjoyed it nonetheless.  it has a very  &quot;what would i have done?&quot; feel to it, although it is not  &quot;morally devastating&quot; as one reviewer stated. it is very real,  and that's what makes it powerful in its own way.  the other reviewers are  right, it is not about the holocaust.  it is about a love forever written  on two lover's bodies and minds, and trying to forget to only relive the  past.  it is about guilt, passion, confusion, and something not quite  sorrow or regret or acceptance or understanding...if that's the way you  want to take it.  it is not that deep because it is so short, but it has  those basic elements.  _The Reader_ also has some interesting twists, which  catches you off guard.  not boring as some reviewers claim.  i do  recommend.
0375707972|2.0|Highly unlikely.  One could tell from the very beginning that this women could not read. I find it suspect that she kept her job.  I know this can happen, but a conductor?  Also, how strong she was througout the trial, how  strong she was in learning to read and be a responsible leader in prison.   And then, having gained a semblance of  self-assurance, she killed  herself....
0684852756|5.0|Once again I was amazed with Kureishi's writing - in this case the breakup of a significant relationship.  His examination of the relationship at its end spares no consequence.  Really, a fantastic breakdown of a breakup.  I  too question the autobiographical aspect of the book.
0930289234|5.0|Alan Moore manages to take the notion of a super hero and continue stripping it until we finally know what makes them tick.  Sexuality, psychosis, technology, and life gets the full examination.  Simply amazing.  I've never tired of reading this book.  And each time, I manage to find  something new and complext about it.
0784011796|4.0|Shows what you can do when you have a story to tell instead of just a star or a 'concept' to showcase.  Watch the scene in which Max is playing go with his mentor, Sol.  Max is explaining his work on pi, and Sol is telling  him he should take it easy for a while.  He has gone too far too fast.   Simultaneously, Sol plays a stone on the go board into what looked like  solid territory for Max, laying ruin to his game in one play.  He had gone  too far on the go board, also.
B0000025BL|5.0|This album is one of my favorite albums to come from the 70's. And that's saying alot considering the 70's produced some of the greatest groups of all-time like The Eagles, Fleetwood Mac, Boston, Dire Straits, Doobie Bros  (and the list goes on). Two out of Three is my personal favorite, but I  also like Bat, Paradise and You Took The Words. All classics! Even after 20  years, this album is still in print and selling fairly well.<br />Since this  album pre-dates the techno, synthesized, and hip-hop sounds so prolific in  today's songs, fans of these types of music will probably not like this  album. This album is definitely for fans of classic rock and/or hard rock.
0399143904|1.0|I have all of Clancy's books. I re-read them regularly, because they are well crafted, enjoyable, and I learn something new every time. That, to me, is the true test of a great writer - the test of re-readability. The same  is true of Rex Stout and his Nero Wolfe series, and others I could  name.<br />I'm afraid Rainbow Six is not re-readable. Not even once. It's the  first time that has been the case with this author. I wish I did not have  to say it. There is so much wrong with this book, I wouldn't know where to  begin. It's almost as if someone else wrote it. I wonder what in the world  happened...
B00000ICD9|2.0|Robin Williams and Cuba Gooding, Jr. got lucky at the Oscars one year. So, the director of &quot;Dreams&quot; decides that he'll get them together to make this film.<br />All right. That's fine.<br />Then, you have to get your  hands on a &quot;great&quot; script, drafted from a novel by...Richard  Matheson...old Twilight Zone writer, wrote &quot;Duel&quot;, &quot;The  Legend of Hell House&quot;, &quot;I Am Legend&quot;, and the great  &quot;Somewhere in Time&quot;...<br />You're rolling along now.<br />Now to shoot  your movie. Give your audience something to stare at so they won't get  bored with all the droning-on about meta-physics and what-not. Ooooo...look  at the pretty colors...and that wierd bird-thing...that's basically it,  folks. It's pretty all right. Pretty shallow.<br />In fact, the only character  with ANY depth whatsoever in this film is Chris, played by Robin Williams,  in a film that is essentially, 1998's &quot;Soldier&quot; without the  violence and with a brighter set. It's really unfortunate, too. This film  had the potential to be great. And on a visual level, it is...don't get me  wrong! In fact, it IS a shoe-in for Art Direction at this year's Oscars and  has a run for its money against &quot;Armageddon&quot; for Visual  Effects.<br />But there's really not much more than that. We're supposed to  see the long-dead family dog running across the flower-field(which looks  like a Robert Frost poem after five doses of Crack) and cry because Chris  sees him again. But Vincent Ward(director of &quot;Map of the Human  Heart&quot;) feels that we really don't have to know much about such  characters, and thus, kills them off as he sees fit. At least THE DOG had  more flesh than Chris's psycho wife, Annie. And when he DOES kill them, you  sit there and wait for the funeral to end, because you really never knew  the deceased that well and they're so one-dimensional anyhow, that you  really didn't care to meet them in the first place. That's part of the  reason that you don't cry in this film. Even Robin Williams(in a  heart-tugging performance) almost feels to the audience, like an actor who  is improvising with zombies that can't think of what to say when he talks  to them. And the only really weepy parts are when we're force-fed the  slow-motion shots of funerals and crying flight attendants who just may or  may not be your family in disguise. Imagine, telling somebody that your son  sucked at football and that he wished he could teach him better before he  died, then all of the sudden...WHAMMO!!! The previously African-American  guy that was standing next to you is SUDDENLY YOUR SON. And that the flight  attendant you smiled at that you are talking to in Heaven suddenly becomes  YOUR DAUGHTER!!! And that the old guy who was taking you through Hell is  suddenly that African American guy who is your son...kinda...sorta...I  think... Why does everyone you know have to be in disguise? Why can't they  just come out and say, &quot;Dad, I missed you&quot;?<br />And they said that  &quot;Mission Impossible&quot; was confusing. This makes that film easier  to understand than Sesame Street!<br />Not much intensity is here either. You  expect an epic trip through hell and right as Chris is ready to face his  fear, we hit a flashback that lets us in on Chris's life; one of about  eighty-thousand that are sprinkled about this movie like too much spice.  Why couldn't we have known these things earlier? It not only throws the  viewer off, it ruins the pacing of the film.<br />And &quot;Heaven&quot;  relies heavily on your beliefs. I believe in Heaven, but I don't believe in  a lot of the mind-crap that was fed to me from this movie. I have lost a  lot of people in my family, but I really don't believe that they're in  their own place, walking around some paint field. Then that means my father  is teaching a classroom of kids 24-7 and my grand-father is in some brothel  in World War 2, getting fed grapes by the clientele. Dante can say what he  wants, but I don't agree with his fundamentalism. Hell is creative and all,  but there's really no punishment for the banished souls. Unless some guy  from Heaven just happens to be trying to rescue his wife and accidentally  ends up walking on your face(see the film and you'll get it).<br />I don't  know. I really wanted to like this movie, but there wasn't much  explanation. Instead, the director focuses too much on making you stare at  floating bodies while the characters all drone on about whether or not they  should have made different choices. If I want to listen to this, I would  have gone to an art-gallery and listened to my Aunt talk to me for two  hours.<br />It would have been the same thing, believe me.<br />--Mattte can say what he  wants, but I don't agree with his fundamentalism. Hell is creative and all,  but there's really no punishment for the banished souls. Unless some guy  from Heaven just happens to be trying to rescue his wife and accidentally  ends up walking on your face(see the film and you'll get it).<br />I don't  know. I really wanted to like this movie, but there wasn't much  explanation. Instead, the director focuses too much on making you stare at  floating bodies while the characters all drone on about whether or not they  should have made different choices. If I want to listen to this, I would  have gone to an art-gallery and listened to my Aunt talk to me for two  hours.<br />It would have been the same thing, believe me.<br />--Matt
B00000F1D3|4.0|Sonny &amp; Cher.  Movie star.  Solo pop star.  Television star.  Disco star.  Hard rock star.  Stage actress.  Movie star (again).  Pop star (again).  Author.  Mother.  Activist.  Director.  Pop star (again).  Movie  star (again).  Oscar.  33 Top-40 hits.  35-year career.  Madonna isn't fit  to shine Cher's boots!  Viva Cher!
B00000ICD9|4.0|Just Dreamy<br /> \\"What Dreams May Come,\\" based on the 1978 novel by Richard Matheson, is not your everyday tear-jerker. Since there was not a dry eye in the house, and  it had some sappy movie overtones, some might  initially write it off as another \\"chick-flick.\\"  But a lot more was  tackled in those 2 hours and 5 minutes.  Few movies sum up heaven, hell,  tragedy, undying love, and manage to genuinely entertain their viewers.  Chris Nielson (Robin Williams) and Annie (Annabella Sciora), play the  film's inseparable \\"soul mates,\\" struck by tragedy when they lose their son  and daughter in a car crash.  This drama all takes place in the first  half-hour, and doesn't  really give the audience ample time to react in a  sad manner.  All the elements of a good love story were present; the couple  finishing each other's sentences, joking lovingly, and of course, overt  displays of affection.  This, coupled with the opening disaster, left me  unprepared for Chris's death and ascension to a would-be heaven. The rest  of the happenings concentrate on Chris's (hell and back) journey to unite  with his family, and save his wife Annie from the clutches of the  underworld.  Albert (Cuba Gooding Jr.) and the Tracker (Max von Sydow) act  as guides and humorously take him though this adventure.  Robin Williams  did not disappoint, as he chimed in with a one- liner here and there.  All  three characters seamlessly interacted with one and other.  Tons of   \\"father knows best\\" advise was given to Chris, but despite of all the good  lessons, he was intent on getting his \\"soul mate\\" back. Heaven was depicted  as what you make of it and gave its inhabitants power to do the impossible.   It was accompanied by lots of flying people and lush scenery.  The  morphing of people forms and the spontaneous growth of vegetation that  looked beyond realistic made this movie nothing short of a technical  marvel. There were countless instances of breathtaking computer-generated  landscapes.  Hell'simage was typical; lots of fire, people screaming in  pain, but enough disturbing images to make it seem viable.  Lighting was  key as any sort of gloom and despair was usually followed by clouds rolling  in or a darkening of the screen altogether. All this left me with an uneasy  sense of reality. What may be interpreted as an otherwise \\"mushy\\"  story-line gave me a better understanding (or at least, food for thought)  of where we as spirits stand.  This was no \\"feel good hit of the summer\\" or  a remake of \\"Sleepless in Seattle.\\"  I was moved by this piece, and would  advise anyone emotionally strong to see this film.  -Robert Doherty
079213690X|5.0|It is a fact that there are scenes of sex in this movie. They shouldn't have had them, and I fast-forward them when they appear. But the fact remains that they did all of it in a spiritual way. (Unlike the hop in the  back of the car scene in Titanic). There were some dramatized fact to make  the film more appealing...but not the fighting. The real life William  Wallace sliced the skin from his victims and created a knife sheath. I love  this film, and am now presently watching it!  He just got through riding  with Murron.        I believe now the United States has forgotten the cost  it has taken for Freedom. They need more William Wallace's. If we had more  patriots, then we wouldn't need a law. (Thank you Gibson!)        I have  always been proud to remain an Irish-scot. Nothing could make my mind  change! (Answer me this...didn't you want to destroy the little snitch that  tried to get Murron?) I wanted to bad. It stirs the emotions. Other times,  the chills are racing up your spine. Ps: (Also see Private Ryan!)
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill has entered elite musical company by being one of a handful of artists to produce a &quot;classic&quot; album.  &quot;Miseducation...&quot; is one of the finest compilations of songs I've  heard in ages. In each song Lauryn showcases her abilty to, not just sing,  but EMOTE, every nuance and phrase.  Not a day goes by that I don't hit  &quot;track 4&quot; in my car, and get my daily L-Boogie fix!!!  Being a  new mom, listening to &quot;To Zion&quot; for the first time, nearly  brought tears to my eyes;  while &quot;Ex-factor&quot; is one of the most  soulful interpretations of love-gone-wrong in R&amp;B history.
6302878527|5.0|This is movie about a couple who have been married for 12 years who learn they are in love. Albert finney is soild, but let us face it your watch an audrey hepburn movie for Ms. Hepburn.   This is one of her best prefornces.   It make one ever madder at jack wanner about my fair lady. Oh well wanner  bother is releaseing a cartoon version of the King and I., Proof that while  they have no class,  Ms. hepburn was a lady of frist order.  In more whys  then one
6303407188|5.0|Don't miss this film.  Superbly acted and wonderfully directed.  Bill Murray's performance, though often over looked, assists in making this film great.  Sarah Jessica Parker also deserves special mention.
6303617719|5.0|I am so in love with this movie! I first saw it when I was 6 years old, and have since seen it over 12 times. The on-screen chemistry between Kline and Ryan is so convincing! I especially like the whole  falling-in-love-with-a-Frenchman kind of thing.It's a MUST SEE!!!!!
B00000DHRX|4.0|Yes, I wanna cut a star for not including the songs Hand to mouth(Faith), Something to save(Listen..), Older(Older) for my heart and Soul free(Listen..) for my feet and wish it's not asking too much..! Sorry.
0790733897|5.0|I learned about this film during a Braves baseball game on WTBS Channel 17.  The Braves announcer, Skip Carray, was giving the TV lineup for the rest of the evening.  He said that he needed to hurry back to his hotel,  because &quot;Bullitt&quot; was coming on after the game.  I decided to  watch the film several years later, and it did not disappoint.
6304675399|4.0|This movie give chills up and down your spine, you will love this threaler and you can see this movie if you can stand the site of blood.
0553278223|5.0|The book was a collection of short stories about earth's attempts to land men on mars. I liked it because it was broken down into stories which allowed easy flowing reading, and made the book seem to go by page after  page faster when you knew it was just a short story. The stories were all  unique and really cool. I'm glad that of the few books I have ever read,  that this one was one of them. :o)
0060392584|5.0|Before I thought Marilyn Manson was such an idoit. But when i read this book, understood him more and more. I couldn't keep this book closed for a minute. It tell's you everything about his life. A couple of sick parts but  a good book!
6304711921|5.0|This is what Dr. Sues's cartoons would like if they were in a perfect 3-D world. This is an incredible movie because it puts some of the overpriced computer rendered movies to shame. It has great music from the composer  that brought the music in the Batman movies and the Simpsons. Great DVD! I  also have the VHS version, and the DVD version makes it look pathetic.
B00000099Y|5.0|I have one thing to say and that is that it is about time that a band as made there music a true art form. Tool's Fnima is truely an art form. I love this CD so much that I never grow tired of it. This album is for  anyone into metal and/or art. Tool pulls off this combinion beautifully.  This ablum is a true work of genuis. Look forward to hearing many more  artistic music from a very artistic band. I'm artist so I read into stuff  like this and this is the only CD that I have heard which I know for a fact  can never be coped in anyway shape or form. This is truely a work of  orginial art.
0140067477|5.0|I read The Tao of Pooh, at first not having a clue what it was about.  I'm so glad I did. It has offered me a new way of living--a refreshing view on how to live my life. I recommend it to anyone who is even slightly confused  about who they are or what they want to do in life.
B000001Y5J|5.0|There is one word to descride this ablum and word is &quot;angry&quot;. Trent is extremly pissed on this ablum and if any true NIN fans would know, this was the time when Trent was going through all that s**t that TVT was  putting him through. This also pushed him to make Nothing Records, but on  to get back on track. This ablum is so strong, fast and angry that when  your done listening to it, you feel like you need to listen to it again  just to get every thing in. That's how this ablum grows on you. It's one  big, massive explodion of angrier that jumps right at your face and bites  your head off. And because it's only 30 minutes long, it leaves you  feeling, will, good. Like you out some stuff and can relax. Don't get me  wrong, this ablum can also give you energy before, lets say a concert, to  go mosh your head off and still feel like killing some thing. It's that  good of an ablum. Buy it, it's an excellent piece of musicial art that can  never be coped in anyway.
6304362498|2.0|I have read 1984 the book several times and I just finished watching the movie. In my opinion the movie left much to be desired. At least it didn't gang-rape the book -- it followed the plot and even the ending -- but the  movie left too many things out and I get the impression that unless you've  read the book you wouldn't be able to understand it. You can't really make  a decent movie out of 1984 anyway. I do like the movie for being able to  capture the setting of Oceania so well, though, that's why I give it two  stars not one.
0783230702|5.0|This movie is one that you will remember. Taken from their normal typecast roles in 12 Monkeys, Bruce Willis and Brad Pitt prove they are real actors, along with Madeline Stowe the trio explode on the screen with energy and  life which make this movie one that has to be seen multiple times. The  sound is encompassing and the special effects are excellent.  Kudos to  Terry Gilliam in putting togeather an excellent film that is not only full  of action but has depthy and believable characters.<br />***** - One of my  favorites
B00000I924|3.0|I am 43 years old, a guitar player and Jeff Beck is a lifelong idol.  I am a big fan.  Get the picture?  I think that you should own all of Jeff Beck's releases.  Yes, even \\"Flash\\".  Having said that, this release is  somewhere along the lines of \\"There and Back\\" and \\"Guitar Shop\\" but more  abstract and impressionistic.  It can be dissonant at times as well. This  release is not for the faint of heart. If you are a big fan, no question,  buy it.  It ain't no \\"Blow by Blow\\".
0345350499|5.0|You can become so attached to the characters in this book!  Definitely a twist to the saga of King Authur's reign.  I loved how the author based the story on a woman's point-of-view.
0783114222|5.0|This is the BEST series I've ever seen on the Apollo space program
6302413931|5.0|The ultimate in war is hell and madness movies as martin sheen goes up-river into the &quot;heart of darkness&quot; Based on Joeseph Conrad's novel, but set in Vietnam instead of darkest africa, this is sublime cinema  with the feel of a bad drug trip as helicopters, tigers and psychologically  unstable characters fleet in and out the film to a soundtrack of The Doors  and Ride of the Valkeries. Unmissable, unbelievable, unforgetable.
0553213105|1.0|I HATED THIS BOOK.  I READ IT IN HIGH SCHOOL, ABOUT 9 YEARS AGO AND I STILL REMEMBER HOW MUCH I HATE THE PUFFY PATHETIC NARRATIVE OF WHINY WOMEN IN WANT OF HUSBANDS. It is with deep anguish that I note that there are  books on how to teach this book in classes, thereby continuing the legacy  of pain to innocent students of this day and age.
630433186X|3.0|As with CAROUSEL, not many people liked the film version of CAMELOT.  There were some superb actors in the cast, but only competent acting.  The singing - in a &quot;natural&quot; style - toned down the grand tragedy  aspect and as much confused audiences as alienated them.  On initial  viewing, the story and the songs are moving and impressive, but this is not  a film that stands up to repeated viewings.  The sets and costumes are  singularly stunning - a combination of primitive and an emerging gold and  jewel-encrusted aristocracy on the rise.   The wide-screen version is the  definitive one to own in that at least the grandeur of the spectacle and  sweep of the action fill the eyes and ears when the dramatic content of a  scene lets us down.   Harris and Redgrave are quite fine. Nero can neither  act nor sing but is a pretty Lancelot.   Hemmings makes the most of his  brief role as the destructive Mordred.   This was Alfred Newman/Ken Darby's  last scoring job for films and it won him his last Oscar.  Also Oscared for  Art Direction and Costumes.  Additional nom for Cinematography.   Worth  seeing and even owning - but not one of the great film adaptations of a  stage classic.
0790729342|4.0|I was quite surprised by this film, which I only saw for the first time about a week before this review was written.  I've seen a lot of early-to-mid-eighties action films, such as Commando and Invasion U.S.A.,  as well as the original Mad Max (albeit in its messed-up American version),  so I wasn't really expecting too much from this.  It completely blew me  away.  George Miller and company took aspects of some of the best genres  (e.g., samurai, western, etc.) and made a modern myth.  They also managed  to make one of the most satisfying climaxes in film history with the final  chase involving the tanker truck.
0345409671|5.0|I got on here to see what other people thought of this immaculate work by Anne Rice and I found myself to be appaled. Are you people so dense you can not see of this novel sums up everything ever written in The Vampire  Chronicles. Honestly, and you call yourselves fans!
B00000BKDX|5.0|If your a Maiden fan, you must own this cd. It captures Iron Maiden at their BEST. If you were unable to see them live in 1985; I would also recommend purchasing their 'Live After Death' video! It's nothing like  being there, but it's still incredible. The stage show is awesome!! Up The  Irons!
0606039600|2.0|My philosophy course at university was exciting and dynamic and opened my eyes and mind to all manner of different ways of thinking about the world. Imagine my disappointment, therefore, when I finally got round to reading  'Zen and...' to find a subject I had loved as a student presented in such a  messy and disjointed way. I'm sure Mr Pirsig means well, and there are a  number of passages in his book (well, 2 or 3) which caught my attention,  but when I'd finished I was left wondering what all the fuss was about.  Essentially, having put the book back on the shelf, I can readily  understand why 121 publishers turned it down. (What I find harder to  understand is why no.122 accepted it!) Probably I should give the book  another chance, but, to be honest, I feel I have better things to do with  my time.
B00000BKE0|3.0|This albumn is not one of Iron Maiden's best; but it is definetly worth owning. The songs are still being played by the masters of metal; it can't be all bad. Mother Russia is a great song. Iron Maiden still rocks! Up The  Irons!
0670880728|5.0|A tour de force of single living.  Everyone young and old should read this modern day saga of looking for the right person.  Ending is a bit trite but you will be laughing out loud.
B000003N7R|5.0|For those who say they hate jazz:Listen to this disc's version of &quot;In a sentimental Mood&quot;.If you feel the same way afterwards,I'll send you a note for your doctor that says,&quot;CHECK VITAL SIGNS&quot; Beautiful  music.Highly Reccomended!
6303979882|5.0|I loved this movie! It was the greatest! The nudie seen with Devon Sawa was hilarious. I cracked up and fell off my chair from laughing through out the whole movie! It was fantabulous!
0553473328|5.0|This has got to be the greatest series ever written. What I love so much about it, is how Diana explains in full detail how a charactor or scenary looks. I feel as of I can actually see the people and there surroundings  perfectly.I have just given the series to my Mom to read. I explained her  that these are my Bibles and to take PERFECT care of them.I read the series  at work and my co-workers thought I was crazy because every day they would  see me crying or hear me laughing out loud...you should have seen me when I  finished Drums of Autumn. I was so sad because I did not get to spend my  days with Jamie and Claire any more. I can't wait until the 5th book comes  out.I  thank you so much Diana Gabaldon.
0671027344|4.0|I thought the book was great but the kid was rather naive. He was fifteen years old and had no clue of the environment surrounding him. He is a follower instead of a leader and seemed to not have a mind of his own.  Charlie had too much dependance on people. From the beginning, I could see  the emotional problems. I understand that at that age people go through  very tough times, but it seems as if every other page he was dealing with  an issue that caused him to cry. I got sick of his crying all the time and  his dependance. Overlooking these aspects, the book was very deep in a  different kind of way. If one was just to read it, they would just think of  it as any other book. However, there are so many emotional issues within  and it is very powerful. I really enjoyed the book and will read it again  and again and I would recommend it to everyone!
0425152251|3.0|a superficial introduction to the world of western philosophy.  covers it all, but in the end is not really interesting.  this is great, however, for teenagers.
6304169558|5.0|This movie is like real life stuff.This is like your there or you helped the creating of the movie its very uplifting,but very supprising at the same time.
B000004CYT|5.0|Modern critics of classical music have developed the tendency to refer to a poor performance as a &quot;period&quot; performance.  However, when I refer to Hogwood's recording of Beethoven's symphonies as a period  performance, I mean that he has focused on authenticity and faithfulness to  the composer's vision.  With his conducting of Beethoven, Hogwood has  repeated the quality of performance for which the Academy of Ancient Music  has become famous among lovers of classical music.  The fifth symphony* and  Egmont overture are the most inspiring I've heard.  As a whole, Hogwood's  recording is a very worthwhile purshase.        *(note that in the third  movement the scherzo and trio return in original form prior to the  scherzo's ghostly transformation as per Beethoven's instructions)
0446605409|5.0|I absolutly loved this book and did not want it to end. DeMille's main character is always a tough guy with a great sence of humor that comes through marvelously.  I thought &quot;The Gold Coast&quot; was good until I  read this one.  A great vacation book.
B00000AFWW|1.0|what is this trash? Bad uninspired songs, that sound like she wishes she was somewhere else. Alternative music is dead, and this album is the proof.
B000003CMD|5.0|My wife and one year old son and I will place this CD in the car's changer and go on off to the hills with great joy.  Jessica is one of those songs that elevates you and makes you glad to be alive without ever resorting to  lyrics.  The rest of the CD is also great, but Jessica playing, the wind  going through your hair, your loving wife next to you and a beautiful son  looking at you through the rear-view mirror, man, that's heaven.
6305075468|5.0|The DVD version of Nosferatu really cleaned up video and sound.  Before, viewing the story text was difficult due to the old film, a messy green background, and small letters.  Now the story text is clear, in large  print, and easy to read.  I'm not much of a fan of silent films, however  this one caught my eye when my high school German II teacher showed it.   Max Schreck was the perfect man to project the errie nature of Count Orlok.   By today's standards, the film may seem a bit hokey, but it will always be  a classic.
6305265488|5.0|This video is wonderful for all ages. Children will love it for the Cinderella Story, and adults will love it for its clear view and subtle undertones. Setting the classic fairy tale in a real time and place has  brought it to life for me.
0792839692|5.0|I loved it back then and still love it now.... and am thrilled it's now on DVD. I can still hear the women's voice in the back ground that spoke  to the mall people.  Wow, what a voice!! Who was  that women?
6303589162|3.0|This film rides the parallel rails of suspense and sarcasm. DePalma offers the viewer classic movie techniques (ie.Hitchcock) with a modern twist (ie.porno movies). Mabye it's just me but I find that after multiple  viewings (over the years),this movie seems to get better with age.  Also,  fact or fiction: people who consider DePalma a rip off artist should look  at Tarantino's work, especially the title for his first film. When you see  Body Double's ending figure out how Tarantino came up with the title for  his first movie. Bark bark.
0767812417|5.0|A lot of movies based on very famous books have made me badly surprised until I saw this one. This is one of the best movies Ive ever seen! Superb actors and songs make this movie to an unforgettable one! A warning... When  youve seen it, Im sure youre going to sing this wonderful songs by  yourself for mounths!!
B00000DGUG|1.0|The only song worth listening to is &quot;Thank U.&quot;  The rest is a whining, grating complaint about everything.  I was hoping for more.
B000002UDV|4.0|Be sure to buy the 20 greatest hits and have it all. Pet Sounds is wonderful and belongs in your collection but any comparison to the brilliantly transcendent Sgt.Peppers is absurd.
0316152196|5.0|Michael Connelly again takes you through a web that makes you want to read faster and faster. His characters are well developed and you can feel the emotions that wind themselve throughout the story line.The sensitivity to  the racial issue between minorities and police is handled realistically and  the pressures that build between partners is lifelike. The story is  believable, captivating, and just when you think the picture is clear  Connelly leads you around the corner to a new set of facts. Through out it  al, the main charecter, Bosch, maintains his focus and personality , which  you come to admire. At the end you have circled back to the culprit who   suffers a miserable fate.
6305263248|4.0|Grab some beer, get seome friends around and watch this. You got COOL. You got speed, explosions, intrigue, blood and two endings. Although De Niro appears to be cruising his character had some great tricks. And of course  the computer nerd is the real baddy. Anyone got one of those car conversion  kits?
6303443214|5.0|Yeah, sure, it's has it's variations from what Bram wanted vampires to be seen as, but if ALL vampires were the same, immagine how boring it would be. I think Anne Rice's Chronicles are masterpieces, but cannot outdo The  original Bram Stoker's Dracula, but after all, it is a world of  fantasy.....no rules to abide by, i think Anne Rice's portrayal of vampires  is a rather nice change to the demonic Dracula.(But dont get me wrong,  Dracula still rules.)
6304711891|5.0|This is the best movie i've ever seen!!!!it's kind of like the Die Hards but even more gorr!!!!!if you don't like Sean Connery in the bond movies he's alot better in this movie.If you like Nicholas Cage,Ed Harris,and Sean  Connery you'll love this movie!!!!!
B000002HPV|5.0|&quot;Homogenic&quot; is truly a great CD with depth. The songs are unique and hypnotizing (listen to 5 Years, Alarm Call, and Joga). I am a huge fan of Bjork, and she really surpassed all expectations with  &quot;Homogenic.&quot; She is an intelligent, expressive woman with a voice  unlike any other in the world. Like that guy from U2 said: &quot;She has a  voice of an ice-pick.&quot; I highly recommend this CD, for it isn't the  kind that you get sick of after a while; it's the kind that will be gracing  your stereo for years and years.
031218087X|5.0|For someone was loves techno-thrillers, this one will not disappoint. A true page turner with an interwoven story line that keeps your attention all the way to the end. The only disappointment was the  &quot;ultimate&quot; riddle at the end. Brown tied together a lot of things  together with the riddle, but it was too obvious and was drawn out entirely  too long. The chief code-breaker's IQ started at out 170 and went down as  the story progressed.<br />The book was able to weave a story around  cryptography however, someone who has studied the subject will be able to  point out obvious stretches.
0451169514|5.0|This book is truly scary. The character development in this book is unmatched and I loved the idea of a group of misfits who take a stand and fight back for once. Truly, Stephen King is the greatest. I read this book  about six years ago and I still love it.
B000002NJS|1.0|This album is a perfect example of what Madonna is good at.  She manipulates the most popular current style of music and applies her faux intellectualism and musical background to fashion it into something as her  own.  It is like taking in a lost dog and feeding it out of you own dog's  plate.  The sources for this type of music are far better than this run-off  of drainage electronica.
6305358567|5.0|Elizabeth is just so wonderful! When I saw it, I was struck speechless. I recommend it to anyone. This movie featured my man Joseph Fiennes, and a truly brilliant actress, Cate Blanchett. She portrays Queen Elizabeth 1  with excellence and accuracy. See this video, I hope that Cate wins Best  Actress!!
B00000DGUG|1.0|Boring!  I was so impressed with her debut CD.  I was so dissapointed with this one.  All the songs drag on and on and on.....
1573226521|5.0|I read this book at the next to best possible place where you can read it: not on the island itself (it must exist), but on the island 'next' to it: Ko Pha Ngang, which plays a role in the book and is at the same time the  reason for the existence of the story. Also if you haven't been to this  region yet, after reading the book it gives you a reason to go.
B000002NJS|5.0|I WAS SO IMPRESSED WITH HER NEW ALBUM.  SHE IS STUNNINGLY BEAUTIFUL.  I RECCOMEND THIS TO ANYONE THAT LIKES TECHNO OR MADONNA.  THE LYRICS ARE BEAUTIFUL.  I LOVE YOU MADONNA!!!
6302752337|5.0|Although it is dated, and it is the epitome of the slacker lifestyle, it is the staple flick of  freedom. From the motorcycles to the drugs to the mysticism of &quot;Mardi Gras&quot;, it is simply good times personified.  Great actors, great vibes and a great beginning to the success of the  independant film, it's a movie worth watching..... if you have the patience  and sense of humor to accomodate the idea of hitting  the road with no  other thought on you're mind than living free and what it may or may not  bring.
6303965415|5.0|Persuasion is a compelling film.  I love watching two people who are meant to be together stay faithful and be rewarded in the end.  Can you imagine how excellent the kiss is when they have finally given themselves  permission to be together for the rest of their lives.  I get the chills  everytime!  Love is powerful, this movie portrays it as such.  I can't wait  to watch it again.
630528069X|5.0|I'll not waste anyone's time with a review of this movie, everyone's seen it by now. My comment on the DVD is: great.  Even with my very basic home theater, I was able to enjoy the quality of the transfer.  THX is my  favorite of the surround systems, so I was glad to see that the producers  used it for one of my favorite &quot;kill 'em all&quot; movies.  The sound  was clean and dynamic.  The video was bright and sharp with only one little  hitch (a stutter during the scene change) in one of the scenes with Argile  (the limo driver).  All-in-all and good effort.
0385493800|1.0|Forced myself to finish this weak effort from one of my (otherwise) favorite authors. You really have no sympathy or interest in an entirely one-dimensional group of characters. The main character who ventures into  the wilds of Brazil is a pathetic waster who nevertheless braves a  gratuitous set of calamities to stumble across the person he's seeking in a  classic example of finding the needle in the haystack by sheer random  walking. You just pray for a crocodile (gator? cayman?) to get him and get  it over with. Grisham needs to stick with his knitting! Wait till the  paperback, if at all!
6305265488|5.0|A Must see movie. BUt I think it should have made it PG-13 cause of some of the issues.But it was a great well casted movie.
0790734060|4.0|I've always loved this movie.  I thought the perspective of the movie was incredible.  I love the way the depicted Solieri's wrath at God and Mozart and his compulsion to destroy Mozart.  How often do they make a movie from  a the viewpoint of the hero's rival?  Solieri's humanity was displayed in  the most open of ways, reminding us that humanity's need for self-worth  sometimes get's the better of us.  Tom Hulce was also brilliant.
0780623134|5.0|There isn't too much that can be said. The actors and production are all first rate. Simply put this is the best drama ever produced.
0553269631|1.0|I really can't see why this is considered to be a classic.  The characters don't grow, they don't chance for good or bad.  They never get outside themselves, and nothing ever happens.  Can someone explain the point of all  this to me?
0790740443|5.0|I think at one time or another we have all entertained the idea that to be brainwashed was the ultimate rape.  Here is a man who, from infancy, has been taught a one dimensional view of what he was, a soldier and nothing  more.  There were no tomorrow, no hopes, no dreams.  To take that man and  allow us to watch him become aware of himself and his fellow humans as  being more than robots without free thought or will was amazing.  I was  relieved to see that they did not over-humanize him.  A man who had been so  mentally abused would never be an easy person to be around.  To have him  suddenly become all sweet, kind and gentle would have been unbelievable.   He was and is still a soldier, but now he's one with tomorrow, hopes, and  dreams.
0783230710|5.0|This movie is attracting me for a long time ago, I brought the LD for DTS version, DVD for Dolby Digital AC-3 version. Finally,  The dts DVD launch! It's truly worth you to buy it! The true story and greatest actors make  this movie more realist!<br />If you do have dts theater audio equipment, you  never miss this movie in your collection list!
630512065X|4.0|The only disappointment I had in this video is that the omitted the song and scene with Gus on the pirate ship.  Otherwise I fully enjoyed the wonderful music, the great dancing, and the awesome costumes the this show  features.
0792151720|3.0|The most successful movie of all time is actually not that great.  Which is not to say its bad.  The idea is strong, but the execution of that story is where the problems arise, making a great story into only an average  film. James                      Cameron's script opens well, but soon  provides only cardboard                      characters and extremely  melodramatic dialouge. Add to this mesh: The                      film runs  over 3 hours. Whereas some films were able to keep the                       audience held for this amount of time (Gone With the Wind, Schindler's                       List, Braveheart), I found that the length of Titanic was  oppressive,                      especially considering what we were  building up to. The actual sinking                      sequence -- 45  minutes of the movie, I believe -- is incredible, capturing                       the emotion and commotion of the fateful voyage. If I were only                       reviewing that part of the movie, this film would recieve a  &quot;5&quot; star rating.                      But I have to throw in the  script. The script is overly long, convoluted,                      filled  with horribly 2-dimensional characters and dialouge more cheesy                       than Wisconsin. All the upper-class are snotty, vicious, and  ignorant. All                      the lower class are fun-loving, drink  warm beer, and dance to celtic                      music. Fortunate for  Cameron, most of the actors are competent. Kathy                      Bates  steals the few scenes she is in as Molly Brown, and Billy Zane                       shines with an inner-turmoil, bringing class to the screen as the  villain,                      although the role as it was written is  extremely cliche. Of course, sooner                      or later I have to  come to the star-crossed lovers. I actually liked                       Leonardo Dicaprio as Jack. Although not a great actor by any stretch of                       the imagination, Leo's on-screen charisma in this film is  quite astonishing.                      He was quite apt at carrying the  film until the sinking of the ship.                      Unfortunately,  Kate Winslet as Rose was not as good. Even though the                       weakness of her role comes more from the actual dialouge she had to                       say, her acting was over the top. If you haven't guessed by  now, the main                      problem with Titanic was a script that  was riddled with cliches, and about                      an hour too long.  Believe me, they could have cut the film down. So, this                       film is not bad, but it is not great either, and I don't know why it won  so                      many awards. If you want to see the Best Picture of  1997, see L.A.                      Confidential. On a side note, I am a  devout James Cameron fan.                      Contrary to the entire  population of teenage girls in the world, Titanic is                       NOT his best work. See either of the Terminator films, or the Abyss, or                       Aliens (which is perhaps the greatest sci-fi/horror film  ever made.) But if you are going to see Titanic, See it on Widescreen!  The  strength of the film is in its visuals.  The film loses much of its visual  splendor on the small screen.  So get the whole picture!
0609603086|1.0|Absolute garbage - if I could rate it a 0 I would.  This is Follett?  The writing is amateurish, the characters are buffoons, and the plot is so unbelievably stupid it's laughable.  You won't care if the good guys or bad  guys win at the end of this one - you'll just be happy it's over.
0062502174|5.0|I enjoyed the book from cover to cover and I am now starting to read his next book the Fifth Mountain.  It gets you in focus and shows you how to follow your dreams.  I will read it several times, I'm sure.  I have  purchased it for friends and family!
6304490119|4.0|I've heard many disapointing opinions of the DVD transfer from the original (you really have to turn the disc over, ugh!) and for that reason and one other, I won't' buy the DVD. But what about the Special Edition  with the extra scenes? It's available on VHS. Anyone know if there are  plans to transfer this verison to DVD and get it right this time?
B00000017R|5.0|I first bought this album in the early '60s. I've worn out severl discs and now have it on CD. One Note Samba and Desifinato were cross-over hits and started the trashy bossa nova craze. People were doin' the Bossa Nove  not realizing there was no such thing...the dance was the Samba. Getz is  pure and this is the original. Put it on, sit back, and just try not to tap  your foot.
B000002L68|5.0|I saw Purple Rain while vacationing in Honolulu with my family back when I was 14, in 1984.  Loved the movie (though when I watch the video now, its the musical numbers in the movie that I loved, not the plot) and  immediately bought the cassette (which I STILL have - I need to update  myself and buy the cd!!).  This music, while very &quot;80's&quot; in a lot  of ways, is still classic funky Prince that never goes out of style.  My  favorite songs are Lets go Crazy (a great song to listen to while getting  ready to hit the town), The Beautiful Ones (always gives me shivvers - and  Mariah Carey's version on her Butterfly CD doesnt even come close!!) and  Purple Rain.  I also love the I Would Die 4 You/Baby I'm a Star because of  the high energy - I cant stop moving to that song! I've bought Prince's  greatest hits 1 and 2, which I really like, but Purple Rain is still the  favorite - and the one that gets played the most.  I can't imagine my cd  collection without it!
0792151712|3.0|The most successful movie of all time is actually not that good.  James Cameron's script opens well, but soon provides only cardboard characters and extremely melodramatic dialouge.  Add to this mesh:  The film runs over  3 hours.  Whereas some films were able to keep the audience held for this  amount of time (Gone With the Wind, Schindler's List, Braveheart), I found  that the length of Titanic was oppressive, especially considering what we  were building up to.  The actual sinking sequence -- 45 minutes of the  movie, I believe -- is incredible, capturing the emotion and commotion of  the fateful voyage.  If I were only reviewing that part of the movie, this  film would recieve a &quot;5&quot; star rating.  But I have to throw in the  script.  The script is overly long, convoluted, filled with horribly  2-dimensional characters and dialouge more cheesy than Wisconsin.  All the  upper-class are snotty, vicious, and ignorant.  All the lower class are  fun-loving, drink warm beer, and dance to celtic music.  Fortunate for  Cameron, most of the actors are competent.  Kathy Bates steals the few  scenes she is in as Molly Brown, and Billy Zane shines with an  inner-turmoil, bringing class to the screen as the villain, although the  role as it was written is extremely cliche.  Of course, sooner or later I  have to come to the star-crossed lovers.  I actually liked Leonardo  Dicaprio as Jack.  Although not a great actor by any stretch of the  imagination, Leo's on-screen charisma in this film is quite astonishing.   He was quite apt at carrying the film until the sinking of the ship.   Unfortunately, Kate Winslet as Rose was not as good.  Even though the  weakness of her role comes more from the actual dialouge she had to say,  her acting was over the top.  If you haven't guessed by now, the main  problem with Titanic was a script that was riddled with cliches, and about  an hour too long.  Believe me, they could have cut the film down.  So, this  film is not bad, but itis not great either, and I don't know why it won so  many awards.  If you want to see the Best Picture of 1997, see L.A.  Confidential.  On a side note, I am a devout James Cameron fan.  Contrary  to the entire population of teenage girls in the world, Titanic is NOT his  best work.  See either of the Terminator films, or the Abyss, or Aliens  (which is perhaps the greatest sci-fi/horror film ever made.)
B000002H7I|5.0|on the heels of no one...Tracey Chapman's singing is deep down soul.She is second to no one in bring out the blues in her own style and, she is more than likely to move your soul.
B0000084J7|5.0|This record have/will probably change the live of many musicians
B000000OU6|1.0|Slash is THE worst guitar player I've ever hear
0375707972|2.0|Perhaps my expectations were too high, but I was disappointed by this book.  It might have worked better for me as a short story.
0060900075|5.0|In the first half of the book, DOORS OF PERCEPTION--originally a separate volume--Huxley offers a cogent and erudite argument for the use hallucinogens (specifically, mescaline) as a means for opening up the  thinking mind to new ideas and perceptions, or even as a method for  jumpstarting human creativity in the common man.  Not only does he offer  compelling historical precedents and sound medical research, but he also  reveals positive details about his own personal experimentation with the  drug.  As is always the case with Huxley's essays, his various hypotheses  are very articulately expressed and not easily dismissed.<br />The second part  of the book, HEAVEN AND HELL--also originally published separately--Huxley  introduces the idea that spiritual insight and personal revelation can also  be achieved through the use of hallucinogens. (By the time he had written  this volume, Huxley had added LSD to his psychedelic repertoire.)  While  just as articulately written and researched as the first volume, the idea  that religious insight can be gained through drugs may offend some readers  (theists and atheists alike), and the premise seems odd and contrived or  expedient (was he trying to gain support of the clergy?) coming from a  generally non-theist thinker-philosopher such as Huxley. Nevertheless, it  is still thought-provoking reading for both professionals and amateurs  interested in the positive potential of mind-altering drugs.
B000002UAO|5.0|&quot;growing up/a lesson in brilliance&quot;<br />Marvellous album and the start of the Beatles' advance in depth ; just compare the covers from their first album and this one , the COLORS have changed , haven't they . Almost  every track is unpolished genius . The best album from 1965 and their first  masterpiece. ****1/2
B000002IOY|5.0|If you like Metal with Melodic interludes, with twists and changes in tempo.  If you like the thrash and headbanging speed riffs to the meaty bass.  This is a Must have CD for any collection. This CD demonstrates the  musical talents of the band and sets the stage of the bands future  releases.  A band that has followed there own course without falling into  the momentary trends that have popped up over the last 10 or so years, just  to sell more records.
0609603086|1.0|After about thirty pages, which were without a doubt the most grueling 30 pages I have ever tried, I had to look at the foreleaf to confirm that this book was indeed written by the same Ken Follett that wrote the skillful  &quot;Eye of the Needle&quot;. I mean, was there even an editor involved in  the publishing of this dreck? Aside from the moronic plot, glaring  inconsistencies such as a supposed &quot;street tough&quot; saying that a  co-worker was &quot;in the privy&quot; were enough to make me laugh out  loud. &quot;IN THE PRIVY&quot;?!? Geography errors, absurd motivations, and  character names so obviously contrived that I was expecting George Costanza  from Seinfeld to have made them up (like a Special Agent, er, Van..um...Van  DeLay). And come on Ken, is it it likely that an FBI special agent gives a  damn about presenting a case to a Governor's political DEPUTY? Why?!? This  book was unfinishable.
0553274503|5.0|I read this book when I was a teenager, and several times since then. The story is about a young man struggling with mental illness and undergoing experimental treatments to overcome it. We watch as he begins to progress  and then regresses. You will laugh, hope and cry throughout this story.   This is by far my favorite novel and strongly recommend it for all ages.
B000002UAR|5.0|&quot;listen to the color of your dream&quot;/lesson in genius<br />Along with the beach boy's pet sounds the best album ever made .<br />*****+
B000002JS6|5.0|Surely the best, most solid, guitar-driven hard rock album of the century. 'Nuff said.
6303593666|5.0|This is a chronicle of the 1934 party rally in Nurnberg. It opens with footage of Hitler arriving in Nurnberg by airplane, and has excellent footage of the ancient buildings and monuments of the city. Then, it  proceeds to show some good campground activities of the SA prior to the  rally. The rally itself has speaches, song, and marching. The Night of Long  Knives had occured shortly before the rally, and Hitler takes this  opportunity to discuss the future of the SA. The men carry shovels instead  of rifles, because of the Versailles Treaty. Rudolph Hess impressed me with  his extreme articulateness and precise enunciation; he was the only speaker  whom I understood flawlessly without looking at the subtitles. Look for the  1918 helmets with ear cut outs! The only real shortcoming of the film is  the dreadfully long and tedious footage of the troops marching out of town  after the rally. This part could stand to be cut down to about 1/4 of its  current length. Other than that, it is an excellent and historically  significant film.
B0000029DD|5.0|The best Cd  of the '90. I' m sure every future generation will discover it as a nimber one.
B000002UA9|1.0|&quot;building a reputation&quot;<br />maybe awesome at that time that 2 artists actually wrote their own material , but dated by now . Still already there's a sound of genius : the first and the last track .  &quot;Please please me&quot; is a hit , nothing more , all the rest is  quite forgettable. *1/2
B00000099Y|5.0|It is one of the best albums I have ever heard.  The cover art is amazing as well.  The lyrics are very deep in meaning and the music is loaded with emotion.  I have had the CD for 2 years and still listen to it all the  time.  If you do not have it yet, buy it now!!!!
B000002UAC|2.0|&quot;how the music would become&quot; Better than the number one , but not yet a strong album . But they were growing fastly , all my loving for example is beautiful and &quot;money&quot; thrilling .their next one would  be a complete breakthrough... **
B000007OY0|5.0|One of the best movies, or possibly THE GREATEST movie, I have seen. Crafted with perfection. It's truly a masterpiece.
6303964095|5.0|Morgan Freeman and Brad Pitt star in this suspenseful thriller that will leave you on the edge of your seat with anticipation.  Pitt is the new, and often the loose cannon of the police department,  Freeman is the level  headed veteran.  There are SEVEN murders throughout the course of the  movie, one for each sin worthy of death.  My favorite murder was for the  sin of pride, although the sloth and envy are quite intense as well.  If  you like suspense you'll love SEVEN.  If you like Brad and Morgan you've  got them too!   Look out for the suprise ending though!  SEVEN, buy it  today.
630529142X|5.0|Adam Sandler couldn't have done a better job on a movie than the WATERBOY. I saw it five times and it still is funny to me. Now I am going to buy the DVD of the movie. If you want to see a good Adam Sandler Movie see the  WATERBOY. If I was allowed I would give it 6 stars.
6303014100|2.0|I really don't think this movie does a good job of capturing the realism of combat or the actual events at Gettysburgh. The dialogue and acting is also very poor.
0790740443|5.0|amazingly curt russell hardly said a word through out the movie. Well if you like action movies you'll like this one. ITs a look at how the military and the government would like their military to be. But humane nature  eventually comes out.
6300216802|5.0|Star Strek - The Movie is nothing less than brilliant.  One of the greatest sci-fi films of all times.  Yes, even competing with Star Wars!  Robert wise is a gem and I recomend all of his other projects as well,  that's if fine tuned cinema is your cup of tea.
6304510861|2.0|The photography is above average, there are many shots with strange camera angles.  However, the story itself  seems to have no turning point and no resolution, Lost Highway is pretty much like some kind of dream you have in  the morning just before you wake up, it's irrational, unexplainable and  can't really be remembered.
0060987464|5.0|This book is my far the best, most realistic book I have ever read.  It graphically tells of Manson's difficult (understatement of the year award!) childhood.  It explained why he is who he is today.  It is a very mind  opening book, and it introduces many new ideas.  But do not read in  critisism, take what he says seriously, few had a childhood such as he...
6301942647|4.0|Please correc
B000003S09|5.0|Incredible Stuff.  &quot;In The Court of The Crimson King&quot; is a colorful, haunting, moody, captivating musical experience.  Try as one may, a bad song is not to be found on the album.  Although some say that  &quot;Moonchild&quot;'s free-form improv section is over-long and  pointless, this reviewer thinks differently.  It fits the dreamlike  atmosphere of the rest of the song like a glove.  And &quot;21st Century  Schizoid Man&quot;...AAAAAHHHHH!!!  Incredibly original, and incredibly  schizoid.  A beautiful and timeless album, and a real landmark for 1969.
6303832563|5.0|This movie is just incredible.  It is my favorite Phillip Glass music.  It is my favorite film with no dialogue.  And it is my favorite live performance.  I have seen it twice in two different huge, sold out auditoriums in the Bay Area.  A wonderful experience.
B000000WFF|5.0|This CD has a various number of styles and slammin' tunes. How couldn't you like it? They're an awesome group! They've got motown, latin, and almost everything else. Even though Geri left they're still going. For all  Geri and Mel C fans: both of them each are relasing their own CD's. Go get  'em when they come out! Long live GIRL POWER! Viva las Spice Girls!
0671015206|5.0|Each participant receives a copy. It's a must
B000000WCA|5.0|This CD is the coolest CD on earth! Its the best one out there other than any other Spice Girl Cd! Of course! Girl Power forever! All the Spice Girls write their own songs and they don't lipsynch! I've heard such rumors and  they aren't true! They will go on! Viva las Spice Girls! I luv u!
6300151379|5.0|When this movie first came out on video, I was just 4 years old. My mom bought it for me, knowing how much I liked David Bowie, and it has been my favorite movie ever since. My younger siblings get mad at me when we watch  it because I recite the lines along with the characters. This is a video  that I plan on sharing with my children. There is no way to describe it  well enough in words, it's just beautiful.
B00000AFGM|5.0|Manson completely changed his style with this CD, but that doesn't mean that the music isn't good. It is not as good as ANTICHRIST or PORTRAIT, but it's still worth getting. &quot;I Don't Like The Drugs&quot; is probably  the weakest song on the CD. &quot;The Dope Show&quot;, &quot;Coma  White&quot;, &quot;Rock Is Dead&quot;, &quot;Great Big White World&quot;,  and &quot;Mechanical Animals&quot; are the highlights of the CD. &quot;The  Last Day On Earth&quot; has a backwards message in it somewhere. MECHANICAL  ANIMALS is a much quieter side of Manson, so if you hate Alternative, this  is probably not for you.
6305252521|5.0|Trusting in the talents of Jim Carey and uknown composer Burkhard Dallwitz (Australia), director Peter Weir turns a promising screenplay into a true example of what an 'original' motion picture should be.
B0025KVLSI|1.0|[Ah, the sins of youth.  I wrote and published this review in March 1999 on Amazon.com.  (I also published the unaltered 1999 review in January 2001 on Amazon.co.uk).  I had only been listening to The Beatles for a couple of years at that point in 1999, and had heard the majority of their material by that time.  By 2000 I had heard all their records.<br /><br />I stand by my initial assessment: This IS The Beatles' worst studio album, and \\"Mr. Moonlight\\" is their worst recording commercially released.  However, time has drastically softened my view of \\"Beatles For Sale\\".  While still The Beatles' worst album, this is some of the best music from that era undoubtedly. The fact this is their worst album really reflects on the quality of The Beatles' output in general, as opposed to a legitimate criticism against \\"Beatles for Sale\\" in particular. For an album from 1964, you don't get much better than \\"Beatles for Sale\\".  Just listen to some of The Beach Boys' early LPs and you'll see what I mean.<br /><br />The review has apparently struck a chord with some of the readers, judging by the comments.  First off, my writing has drastically improved.  I even use spellcheck now.  For the reader who suggested I should \\"google\\" Franz Schubert, in 1999 Google was not all the rage as it is today.  No Wikipedia back then either.  But no worries, I've done some research on Schubert since writing this review.  Consider that riddle solved. :)<br /><br />Mike London 12-2-2012]<br /><br />First off, it should be stated that I am more into the late period Beatles than anything (well, actually mid. My favorite Beatles material is anything from Rubber Soul on). I have heard some of their early stuff, but not a lot. Unfortunately, the only record album CD I own of their early material is their worst, Beatles for Sale. All that being said, lets get on with the review.<br /><br />The Beatles, revered as the most innovative group ever, are nothing save decadent whores on this one, and EMI isthe pimp. Beatlemania was at the prime, and they had to produce product. This is all this is, even the title states it. \\"Beatles For Sale\\". The Beatles knew this was product. And that is all. Economics wouldn't allow them to create a masterpiece with this one. They make barely a serviceable album with this one, let alone a masterpiece.<br /><br />They also produce some of their most self-loathing material ever. Almost half the record is dedicated to misery. The opening triad, aka \\"The Triad of Misery\\" is indeed one of the most sad and tragic song cycles ever conceived. 10, 12, and 13 are relationships on the rocks. That's almost half the album right there. I think that if The Beatles really wanted to construct an all-out depressing record, it would be a masterpiece. But this isn't it. That's almost half the album right there. The other half is ill-conceived covers and/or originals that are little better than average tunes, making this by far the weakest of all their albums, even weaker than Please Please Me. (Actually, Please Please Me isn't that bad, especially that Twist & Shout). Its rather ironic, the greatest songwriters ever rely on cover material to see their way thru on this one.<br /><br />Originally this was part of a much longer review, but because of space I as forced to cut it. There was more commentary besides the track review. Anyway, here that is. This is my track by track review of this record.<br /><br />1-3: These are good serviceable tracks. I call them the Triad of Misery.<br /><br />1: No Reply: a depressing song about a cheating girlfriend. Its songs like this and Run For Yr Life that make Lennon to be the hypocrite that he is. In his songs he bitches about cheating, and yet he destroys his family with an adulterous affair with Yoko Ono. He obviously knew neither Jesus Christ or cared about his family. In ways, he disgusts me. And yet, this is not the love of God. Adultery is a bitter subject for me, and I cannot be real objective. But I try.And I listen.<br /><br />2: I'm A Loser: Self confessional. Good song.<br /><br />3. Baby's In Black: Another sad mistery song. I like it. prime stuff. The triad and Eight Days a Week is easily the best stuff on this record.<br /><br />4: Rock and Roll Music: Horrible Berry cover. I don't care, I don't like this cover at all. Its interesting to hear them do a cover of Berry, and truthfully it fits in right along with this album. It helps demonstrate just how bad this record truly is.<br /><br />5. I'll Follow The Sun: Weak track from McC back when he was like 17. They used it as a last minute resort to take up space on this trashy album.<br /><br />6.Mr. Moonlight: The absolute worst of the worst of the worst of any Beatles tracks (don't you dare say Revolution # 9 is worst, that is one sound collage that actually works). There aren't a lot of bad Beatles songs, but this is definitely one of bad ones. Often regarded by \\"true\\" fans as a disgrace. This is the most notorious track of their career they ever recorded (with the possible exception of their sound collage).<br /><br />7. Medley: Kansas City/Hey Hey Hey Old covers resorted at last resort. More like bootleg material than anything.<br /><br />8. Eight Days a Week: Only big hit from this album. This is one of the better more serviceable tracks on this record, actually. Its classic early Beatles. Wished I could say the same about the rest of this horrid set.<br /><br />9. Words of Love: Ill conceived cover, although it is one of the better covers on this record.<br /><br />10. Honey Don't: Now we get to the Ringo song on this horrendous record. Ringo generally has an interesting song or two on the Beatles records, but unfortunately this one ain't it. Just like the record, this simply doesn't cut it.<br /><br />11. Every Little Thing: Decent early Beatles song ... nothing classic though.<br /><br />12. I Don't Want to Spoil the Party: Ditto. A little bit more musical variation, but still the basic formula.<br /><br />13. What Yr Doing: Basically a lonely sad song, ties in rather nicely with the opening triad of misery. I guess so does 12.<br /><br />14. Everybody's Trying to Be My Baby: Man, I hate that problem. Such a nuisance. ; ) Definitely no Day in the Life closer here, or even Good Night. Her Majesty is a better closer. Harrison is so buried in echo its pathetic.<br /><br />Considering who made this, it makes this record even more atrocious. And to think, this is the same band that made Sgt Pepper's Lonely Heart's Club Band. In contrast to their other great albums, it just magnifies this album's flaws a hundred, a thousand, a million times over. Sgt Pepper=Album of the millennium. It was voted that recently in a British pole. Well, I vote for this to be the worst. But it is also a testament ... in less than three years, they produced Sgt Pepper after this garbage (and this isn't counting the three trend setting ground breaking records they release after this before that watershed record)<br /><br />Someone said that most people have never heard of this record ... there is a reason for this. This is a blot on the honour of them as musicians. This is by far their worst record. Give me Let It Be or even Yellow Submarine over this damned garbage. LIB had some serviceable tracks, it wasn't a Sgt Pepper, but it was a good record nonetheless. Yellow Submarine is weak because of lack of material. The four new songs that are on it are pretty damn good though (save for All Together, which is just a children-like sing along, but still, its fun. I think it's a good song. Hey Bulldog is the closest to a lost Beatles song that is truly classic as yr gonna get.). On Hard Days night, we come to the only fully written set by Lennon/McCartney. It is revered as a pop classic. Well, old EMI comes along, and at the height of Beatlemania, demand they make another record. They had too, under contract. So they turn in this sorry excuse for an album. They were exhausted. Every right to be. Andthis set very clearly shows it. Granted, the original material here is decent (with the possible exception of I'll Follow the Sun, which is the weakest of the originals), its pretty average for early Beatles. Actually, it's a little below par. Although the opening triad on this record is one of the most depressing ever pressed on vinyl, the rest sadly sags and lags entirely behind.<br /><br />In the end, we come to what is without a doubt The Beatles worst LP. There is really atrocious material here, and no real high lights, like on the other records. I honestly believe that had this been any other band, it would have been forgotten (and rightly so). Well ... even at their worst, they outclassed the best. I think if this was another artist the original material would be something of minor classics. Perhaps their best (Herman the Hermits come to mind for some reason).<br /><br />So in the end, what do I think they should have done? If I were The Beatles (obviously I'm not) and wasn't under contract, I would have scraped this entire album (just like they did with the much more worthy Let It Be/Get Back project). The material just isn't up to their usual par of excellence. The originals off this should have been released as singles, and the covers should have remained unheard until the Anthology series of recent years would then have unearth them. The originals are alright. They might have made a good EP even (the EP would be about as long as 18:47). The covers could be rare obscure tracks (that's all they deserve to be). Then this blunder from the \\"greatest romance ever\\" (if you believe all the Anthology Hype ... Oh Daddy, you mean Santa ISN'T real? wah!!!!!) would have been removed.<br /><br />Anyway ... just my opinion. you might think it's the best thing since Schubert. (Who the hell is he? I keep hearing references to him, especially in the YW submarine liner notes). (not that it matters, but I used to think liner was pronounced just like \\"linear\\". Anyway ... like the thing have to do with lines.<br /><br />Think I'll go listen to MMT or Rubber Soul now.
B000002MUN|4.0|The common wisdom is that an artist who has released a &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; album has nothing further to offer. &quot;Wildflowers&quot; cheerfully blows an enormous hole in that line of reasoning. I was  extremely impressed by this album. Almost absent was Petty's tendency  towards dumb lyrics (e.g. &quot;Two Gunslingers&quot; on ITGWO) and  overly-repetitive guitar riffs. He seems to be toying with different styles  here, evoking, at various times, Bob Dylan, John Lennon, and even Paul  Simon (in &quot;Time to Move On&quot;). In general, it is a very sucessful  experiment.<br />Why only four stars? Some of the songs are weak (e.g.  &quot;Honey Bee&quot;), and the album would be better if it contained only  the 10-12 best tracks.
B000000WF0|2.0|I generally don't mind if a group's music sounds composed and not spontaneous (eg, Depeche Mode). But this album gives me the feeling that's these guys are pulling off a really well-done psychedelic schtick and don't  really believe in this style of music, which is not cool at all. Bitter  Sweet Symphony is a good song. The rest sounds like feigned psychedelia.
0800187881|1.0|Sometimes you have to check on the reviews on a film you know is AWFUL, to see how far you can trust the readership. This is the most revolting and nauseating film I have seen recently. The review above called it correctly.  I'll keep reading amazon's readers' reviews.
630512065X|1.0|Saw Cats performed twice on stage - couldn't have enjoyed it more!  The movie version was entirely too disjointed.  I thought John Mills was pathetic, even though I have enjoyed his past performances.  This version  was a complete DUD!
0783229895|5.0|I saw this movie in the theater, and it's sparked an obsession in me that's so large, i can't put it in to words. It's not only scary with a large gore factor, but all so adds in humor at some very choice times!  &quot;I'll kill anybody, but I'll only sleep with someone I love&quot;  -Tiff You need to see this movie! And a small hint, Chucky DOES get lucky.
0316743003|5.0|I am currently a Mechanical Engineering student (hoping to find a niche in the aerospace industry), therefore I found this book absolutely surreal.     Ben Rich and Kelly Johnson were revolutionaries in the aeronautical field,  as they never allowed excessive government interference, therefore only the  best products were produced.  The technological advancements described in  the book are nothing short of astounding.  Rich's work on the inlet of the  SR-71 is considered revolutionary even today, and the author really does  not give himself enough credit.  Once I picked this book up, it was  impossible for me to put it down.  After reading it, all I can do is salute  the greatness of the individuals who played such a pivotal role in  international defense, and can hope to match their competence someday.
0671721720|5.0|The only drawback to this book is that it is the second of a series.  Make sure to read the first book, On Basilisk Station, before tackling this one.  There are references in it which one won't understand otherwise.   Excellent book, though!
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill is one of my most esteemed role models. As a young black female, I find her persistence and dedication to not just her music, but life in general awe-inspiring and inspirational.
B000001EHS|5.0|Every since late 1982, I have been a faithful fan of Def Leppard's.  With a first love for Joe Elliott...This album is a necessity for me, even though I have all of their others, because it is the compilation of some of  their hits on one cd...and, of course, the fact that they put it out...  :)  I will always feel that DEF LEPPARD IS #1. KEEP ROCKIN' BOYS....!!!!!!!!!!
6303430570|5.0|Gritty, hilarious and thought-provoking portrayal of central New Jersey post-adolescent bravado and angst. Director Kevin Smith connects on both an intellectual and comedic level, each vying for domination in what has to be  the low-budget black-and-white sleeper of the decade. If this doesn't yet  have a cult following, it should. If it shocks you, you're too sheltered,  if it bores you, you're too cynical, and if it delights you, welcome to the  human race. Hockey on the rooftop, a discussion of Star Wars military  politics, the philosophies of VCR tape rentals, the relationship of  home-cooked Italian meals to true love, an explanation of snowballing; who  could ask for more? Certainly not me.
B000002C1X|5.0|Before leaving Floyd in '83, Roger Waters was able to create his masterpiece with the rest of the band.  This semi-autobiographical collection takes the listener on a journey through the life of the rocker,  Pink, and in doing so also illustrates the life of our favorite song  writer, Mr. Waters himself.  Highlights include Another Brick In The Wall  II, Goodbye Blue Skies, Comfortably Numb, and Hey You.  This album was an  instant classic and certainly pleased the fans that may have thought that  the Floyd could not have topped The Dark Side of The Moon.  cyharr@hotmail.com
0441172717|5.0|Frank Herbert enthralls us with a future that is not only exciting, but plausibly realistic. Who can say where our destiny will lead us, for ours is a race of unimaginable, untapped potential. The thing here, though,  Frank Herbert may have done just that, imagined it. <br />I read this book  about 15 years ago, and though I haven't read it again since then, I can  still remember some of the most minute details. In this day of turn-stile  novels, pumped out as fast as an author can make up a new title, that truly  says a lot. <br />I read a few reviews back, that the said critic knew what  was going to happen after he read 10 pages... Well, all I have to say is  that he must have been consuming some Spice! I wish I could rate this book  at 10 stars, just to make up for the immature slight against one of the  finest Sci-Fi novels ever written. <br />Thank you, Frank Herbert, for  allowing me to experience a piece of your imagination!
B000002OG8|5.0|This is by far a guitar aficionado's wet dream.  Lovely interludes followed by rocking lead solos that rival any of today's so-called guitar gods best work. Buy it, you won't be sorry.
6305166021|5.0|Lord of the Dance was the ULTIMATE in viewing.  Michael Flatley and his troup have outdone LOTD in this final performance.  New material, new costumes, same fantastic cast.  Michael - forget acting and PLEASE come  back.  Irish dance will never be the same without you!!!!!
0375707972|5.0|I thought the book was very well written and loved how the title fit the book so well.  This book held your interest a do not want to put down book that made you believe you knew the characters. very deep meaning to this  book. A must read.
B000002UDD|5.0|ALL TIME CLASSIC ALERT!!!  This is a great metal album. A must have for any collection.  Every last song is great and leaves you humming the tune for days.  Strong and aggresive vocal and raw crunchy guitar work!!!  I say  this is there best becasue every song is a ***** (5 star), unlike some of  the other Megadeth Albums (they are all great) were some songs sound a  little &quot;slapped to gether&quot; this one is a must have!!!
0399143904|1.0|Tom Clancey used to write good books. What this was is easy to describe: PULP. If I took every repeated sentence, that he used to describe the same tone for the character, and removed them the book would have been about 200  pages shorter. It may have been worth the read if I didn't have to watch  Seinfeld reruns. Tom should go back to the drawing board and look for a  high tech war somewhere, and not some soap opera trash.
B000000OUE|1.0|I was visiting a friend's house who had long talked about his favorite band, &quot;White Zombie&quot;, when I heard this CD.  After a couple of minutes of this garbage I couldn't take it anymore and had to leave the  room.  It has a certain fingernails-screeching-across-a-blackboard sound to  it coupled with somebody, (I'm assuming it's Rob Zombie), emitting some  sort of guttaral, gravelly sound which nobody could argue is even close to  singing.  I suppose if you like the ear-wrenching, stomach-churning feeling  you get from the experience of listening to this stuff, that's your own  choice.  But this can never, in any way, be considered music.
0316152196|5.0|I loved this book.  You still don't have all of the pieces until the last 20 pages.  I am hooked with this effort.  I highly recommend it.
6301969588|3.0|I'm amazed by all of the comments reagarding the humanitarian nature of this film.  &quot;Freaks&quot; is pure exploitation at it's best (or worst, depending on your viewpoint).  That said, I bought this movie based on a  comment from Stephen King, that it was perhaps the best horror film ever  made.  I don't see it.  Sure, I couldn't turn away from most of it, largely  because I was fascinated by the real-life deformities shown.  But please,  horror?  There is absolutely nothing frightening about this movie, real or  psychological.  It was a huge disappointment.  Of interest as a curiosity  only.
B00000DGUG|4.0|To tell you the truth, I wanted to get this before I heard ANY of it because I liked Jagged Little Pill - however, I never did. After &quot;Unsent&quot; was released, I looked at this CD (even though I didn't  care for THAT song) and I noticed all of the BAD REVIEWS! I really didn't  want to get this album after all of those reviews, but I had an instinct to  get it away. I bought it today (for some strange reason) and I  (surprisingly) like it. I think that &quot;Front Row&quot; should have been  released as a single. &quot;Joining You&quot; is also pretty good.  &quot;Baba&quot; is also pretty good. I'm kind of glad that I got this. I  don't why I did - but I did - and I am thankful. In fact, I had been making  fun of Alanis because of the reviews - but I do like this album after all.  But, there are some songs that are pointless (i.e. Are You Still Mad -  etc.) <br />This album is also creatively put together. I like it a lot.<br />By  the way, the cover of the CD ( NOT THE INSERT) showcases Alanis's nude  body. I just thought that I would tell all of you who haven't bought it  yet.
6305089957|1.0|I can not believe they made a sequel to SCREAM I mean that movie was bad enough, but SCREAM 2 please!!! The acting by NEVE CAMPBELL , COURTNEY COX and the rest of the cast made me want to laugh as did the story which I  won't get into just watch the film and see what I mean. My advice is if you  want to be scared out of your seat see HALLOWEEN or JAWS now those were  great horror flicks.
0783232039|5.0|Bride of Chucky was the best of the series.It surprised me how much of a success it was.Sure,it delivered more laughs than thrills,but it was a great film!I couldn't stop laughing.I can't wait for the next one!
B00000253N|5.0|Well, after all these years, I still like this one  the best, although, I love protest songs and sharp barbs, the soul searching, that keeps us all honest in some way, 'Buckets of rain' has always been without a doubt,  awesome, and have you ever tried to play the guitbox in that manor..Whew!
B000003TA4|5.0|Undoubtably the seminal rock recording of the 1990's, Nirvana's Nevermind strikes a chord with virtually every teenager living in the 90s.  From &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; to Something in the Way&quot; every  song is a anthem, a battle-cry, a call to arms for a  generation that has  been snubbed as being &quot;lazy, unmotivated, and mindless&quot;.  No  other recording of the 1990's, or any decade for that matter quite captures  the youthful exuberance and spirit to the same degree as this amazing  record.  In the same way that Dylan, Springsteen, and Bono's lyrics spoke  to the people of their respective times, Nirvana's music is forever etched  in the memory of all who grew up in 1990s.  A major change was upon all of  music when this amazing album from a band from Seattle calling themselves  Nirvana knocked Michael Jackson's &quot;Dangerous&quot; album from the top  of the charts.  It was the all-encompassing sign that to quote Dylan,  &quot;the times they are-a-changin&quot; , and indeed, from that moment  music would never be the same.    Nirvana, through their lead singer Kurt  Cobain and as a band, though now disbanded, have gained special rock and  roll notoriety equivalent to legend status.  One can only wonder what  impact their music would be having now...
1567407757|2.0|At the risk of sounding unsympathetic to Morrie, I never became convinced that the process of dying provided any epiphany about living, no matter how he saw it.  The book felt like a compilation of Ziggy cartoons, leaden down  with banal aphorisms.  I'll be curious to see just how long the author  retains whatever lessons he says he gleaned by being at his teacher's side.
0767809246|5.0|My favorite movie of all time, screw the profanity man, it gives the movie some awesome character.  The acting is great. It makes you want to go on a landmark voyage and enjoy all the crazy adventure. it reminds you of the  good old days hanging out with the neighborhood pals and bumming around  with a smoke after a meal and idle bull !@$? about peoples mom's.  It was  great the way Corey Feldman stood up for his dad, and the way  &quot;Vern&quot; overcame his obesity to be a really cool kid.  I can  relate to the lifestyle and it was a great movie for good friends to watch  together, the bond between all of them was something truly special. It will  make you laugh, cry, and cherish the finer things in life that seem to have  passed by.  Oh and by the way, what the hell is Pluto?
B000002HRE|2.0|I can not believe they are shameless enough to show us this terrible stuff with the great mark, &quot;METALLICA&quot;. They can not make masterpiece like Master of Puppets, or Ride The Lightening, anymore???? If they really  want to change their style to this pathetic course, they first should  change their name. For instance, Populica, Commercialica, or  I-Want-Grammy-Againica. Don't cheat your old fan with your name anymore.
6305166021|5.0|very shortly,I am a Michael flatley fan,but I must say that he will never be as &quot;grand&quot;than in reverdance;younger,but upon all,maybe not yet so full of his own glory;and the sobriety of the dance and costumes  added to the beauty and the magic. in his other shows(lord of the  dance,feet of fires)that I love really,the excess of light effects,and  colors,may be does not help as much as it could do.difficult to see  sometimes. all in all anyway,all these dance shows are unique and  exceptionnal and magic.
B000003JAB|4.0|Robin Trower did himself a favor by leaving Procol Harum and going out on his own. This, his second album, is proof of that. No songs from his old band match Day Of The Eagle or Too Rolling Stoned. Besides that, he plays  some of the nastiest blues guitar this side of Jimi Hendrix. This album  proves that all music released in the 70's was not so bad. Check this one  out...it will leave you wanting more.
B0000067L2|5.0|Every track is really good. Along with the Beatles's Revolver this is the only CD I can listen to two times in a row.
B00000DFTG|2.0|I was looking forward to a Black Sabbath reunion and hearing the guys do those old songs again. Growing up and listening to Paranoid and other Sabbath albums really got me excited when this came out. Boy what a shame  it had to be this bad. Ozzy yelling the F word every time Iommi goes into a  guitar solo is a little too much. The songs and the concert would have been  much better if this had not been done. As for the new songs, well they  don't even come close to matching the fire that Iron Man, Sabbath Bloody  Sabbath and Snowblind have. The only reason I didn't rate this any lower is  out of respect to the band. I think they may need to think about hanging it  up once and for all.
6305120706|5.0|I don't need any aditional reques
B000002I97|5.0|John Prine's debut is a gem just waiting to be found in the 90's. How anyone could overlook this when it first came out is surprising to me. Songs like Illegal Smile and Angel From Montgomery are just two of the  fantastic songs on this album. Whether you like lyrics, guitar playing or  both, you will want this CD in your collection. A true masterpiece.
0671027344|5.0|This was one of the best books I have read in years.  It's unique structure only adds to the wonderful story of Charlie's life.  Many have compared this book as a &quot;Catcher In The Rye for the 1990's&quot;. I  think It's unfair to brand this book as anything other than a great wok of  modern fiction. Bravo!
6305232660|3.0|Movie has more depth than cartoonish 'Armagedon' although all members of both productions are generally good to excellent. These comments (negative for 'Deep Impact' &amp; positive for 'Armagedon') lead me to believe that  most women didn't care for 'Deep Impact'. Proof of why God put female parts  on women-So men would talk to them
B0000024IE|3.0|After what everyone else has said i think they must be listening to another album. Yeah this album is good at preaching a message but there has to be more than that and unlike &quot;It take a nation...&quot; this album  features far too many weak songs. against that it opens brilliantly, and  reaches a peak with welcome to the terrordome, an awesome song without  question, but after that it tails off, and except for a few exceptions  isn't much to hear at least until fight the power rounds things off in  style. Still if you haven't got the best songs on this album already then  i'd say its still a must buy, but otherwise i'd probably stay clear of this  album.
0780622553|3.0|The actors did a good job of bringing a sense of realizim to the film. However I would have expected a little more realizim for Kifer. Direction calls for a good note and special effects were tastefull and well placed  (most of the time). Minus 2 stars for story telling and the Dolby digital  sound track.  The story line evolves slowly at first, almost to slow. If  you stick with it, the story line will catch you.  I've never hear a wost  sounding DD sound track.  Imaging was totaly out of wack and voices seemed  a little delayed (granted, I don't have the best theater system; but its  pretty good).  I'd expect this from a 1980's martial arts VHS but not from  a film realsed this recently.  Bottom line, if you have 96 minutes to spare  check this dvd out for the cinemetography and the directors vision. By the  way, rent it. Your dvd collection will survive with out this one.
B000002UAF|5.0|I love this record. Every song in it is upbeat and it makes me happy
B00000I924|4.0|Jeff Beck has pleased fans and fellow guitarists by releasing his first recording of new material since 1989's &quot;Guitar Shop&quot; (the 1993 release &quot;Crazy Legs&quot; was a tribute to rockabilly legend Cliff  Gallup).  The material on this cd is generally in the same vein as  &quot;There and Back&quot; and &quot;Guitar Shop&quot;, with a mixture of  techno funk, rock, and melodic instrumentals.  My favorite track is the  live &quot;Brush With The Blues&quot;, one of Beck's most haunting,  gorgeous guitar pieces ever.  As the title suggests, the form and structure  loosely parallel the blues, but Beck's creativity keeps it unique.  Playing  over a sparse background, his guitar alternately wails, moans, sighs,  shrieks, and sounds like running water, all with that sweet tone he  achieves from playing with his bare fingers rather than a pick.  While I  agree with McCulley's comment that Beck has probably never produced the  perfect recording that fully captures his creative and technical genius (as  his live performances frequently do),  &quot;Who Else!&quot; is a welcome  addition of new material from this pioneering guitarist.  Can't wait to see  him play live on the new tour!
0345350499|5.0|I felt each character as if I were actually her and could see everybody's point of view as my own.  This book covers the life span of many, but specifically one heroin.  I was so immersed in the wonderful book that by  the time I was done reading it, I felt as though I were as old as the main  character, and that I'd lived a hundred years. Definitely a book for  everyone to read.
6305229449|5.0|I being a thirteen year old girl, had pretty much lost interest in Disney movies a few years ago.  I'm not saying that they are bad, definitely not, but I just outgrew them.  Well, I saw this movie, Mulan, on Father's Day  and loved it.  I immediately bought it when it came out.  The characters  are interesting and it was nice to see a girl who wasn't all for romance,  like many Disney characters.  I give this movie five stars because it is  amazing and I thoroughly enjoyed it.
6305013578|1.0|Don't even think of buying this awful copy.  I couldn't stand to watch more than 10 minutes.  I now use mine as a coaster (along with all those MSN and AOL discs I keep getting in the mail)
6304143184|5.0|WE NEED TO HAVE MORE MOVIES OF THIS CALABER FOR OUR CHILDREN.  PLEASE GET THIS MOVIE BACK IN CIRCULATION.  YOU ARE BOUND TO SELL A MILLION COPIES.  I HAVE IT ON BETA AND WOULD NOT PART WITH IT.  IT WILL BE TRANSFERRED TO VHS  UNTIL IT CAN BE BOUGHT  PLEASE USE YOUR INFLUENCE WITH THE POWERS THAT BE,  TO GET THIS MOVIE TO US.
0790729350|5.0|Now this is what DVD is all about! The best rock documentary of the twentieth century is now preserved on longlast DVD. To be honest i ordered this DVD for two reasons: one was to test if a region 1 DVD would run on my  'fixed' region 2 MPEG card (hooray it works!) and reason number two was  nostalgia. I saw the original movie at the age of 18 and was impressed by  the new (1969!) wide and threefold screen technique. Now after thirty years  and some poor sound video copies I was surprised that these same techniques  still impressed me. I became aware that this rockdocumentary is absolute  unique in atmosphere, technique and 'filmic' quality. Warner has done a  great job on the sound and by adding 'new additions' to the DVD copy. They  understand the added value DVD. Simply the best rockdocumentary of the  century and a jewel in the crown of DVD!!
6303394000|3.0|Can something be both aesthetic and tacky and the same time?  All That Jazz, the semi-autobiographical move by Bob Fosse comes close.  The film scrapes the bottom of the barrel for movie cliches without realizing it;  the characters come across as one-dimensional, and the protagonist fails to  arouse empathy or even pity.  The saving grace of the movie is the  choreography, though at times (like in the finale) even it wreaks with  Fosse's ugly self-affirmation.  For a superior over-produced mess by Fosse,  rent Sweet Charity.
630521610X|5.0|i think this movie will be a classic, just like gone with the wind and casablanca
B000002NJS|5.0|I just got this CD and it's great. Madonna's vocals are better than ever. She has a new style to herself and music. All the songs are terrific. My personal favorites are RAY OF LIGHT, THE POWER OF GOOD-BYE, and DROWNED  WORLD / SUBSTITUTE FOR LOVE. Everyone should own this CD and I will assure  you that you won't be dissapointed. It is properly Madonna's best CD since  EROTICA!! Go out and buy it!!!
B00000I41J|5.0|This is brilliant stuff. As an album it's up there with Kinda Blue. But the one song that you have to buy &quot;Somethin' else&quot; for is 'Autumn Leaves'. One of the best songs I've ever heard.
0553108034|5.0|I've read numerous books, some best sellers, some not. Some good, some not; but every single one was differant. If you are reading, or have read, Tolkein, Jordan, or any fantasy, don't come into this series thinking it  will be the same. It isn't. I constantly hear people comparing this novel  or that novel with Tolkien. Or Jordan. I'll let you in on a  secret.......they AREN'T! I love Tolkien's books, as I do Jordan's. But if  you start reading a book looking for a new book about middle earth, you're  screwed. You won't always find it. Sure, every once and a while, an author  will write a book and pay homage to another author, like Tolkien for  instance, by giveing his or her book a feel of that author. But to sit down  and carry on someone elses story would be stupid. If you look for a story  by one author in every book you read, you might as well stop reading. Your  enjoyment of the books will probably suffer. Don't read this book, or any  book, thinking it will be, or should be, like another. Every book needs to  be origanal, that is the point (well, that and to entertain, but if you  miss the first, then you probably missed the second) of writing. Read this  book and the preceeding one, however. They are excellant, and unique.
B000001ZS8|5.0|Very importan
6300151379|5.0|Could you get a better combination of artistic creativity in one film?  Henson demonstrates that the world isn't just the muppet show and Bowie adds a more than appropriate sound track.  Even those who are not David  Bowie fans, this movie is a must see.  It blends it all together to create  a splendid fantasy film.  It has long been my favorite.  I hope that the  film gets re-released or released on DVD.
6304071906|5.0|This movie gives you a story of people and the struggle to survive. Criticized for what ever reasons most critics missed the intent and lived up to thier common mistake of &quot;missing the point.&quot; Real  characters which share all of our own common emotions are what this film is  about. How could anyone not feel the impact of the last scene while  watching the formal Marshll (Kristofferson) suffer is fate with trembling  chin. The opening scene of the immigrant camps left me motivated to see the  end.  Cimino at his best. Kristofferson was underated on this one.  See it  again and you will get the point.
0670880728|5.0|If you like to read for pure entertainment, you find shows like &quot;Absolutely Fabulous&quot; funny, and you imagine yourself without a loss for a witty retort -- you probably LOVE this book.   I loved the  characters -- found them credible -- and even see a lot of myself in  Bridget (if only I was half as witty). I recommend to -- primarily women --  in their 20s and 30s who appreciate wit, sarcasm, and dry humor.
B000002C1Z|1.0|This album has very few songs. Two of the songs are the same. The song dogs does not sound finished in my opinion.  I hate this mode of Floyd. It's just so dull and depressing and Roger says so much less than he thinks  he is. The only good thing about this album is that it does not have a song  that sounds like Eclipse which sets it apart from the dull Meddle and the  equally dull and lousy Ummagumma. I wish Syd Barret would find Waters and  beat the hell out of him for taking a once great band and turning it into a  pile of dung. Barret's songs were so enegetic effortless and playful.   Water's songs are forced, dull and depressing. He needs to talk to Opra.
B000002J2B|4.0|The era ending was, of course, the critically maligned &quot;Progressive Rock&quot; 1970's.  This was the last Genesis album in their classic, epic fantasy orchestral mode.  Growing up in the 1970's, and loving much of this  music, 1977 was the last year to me when the scene seemed healthy and  alive, although the warning signs had already started to show up.  By 1978,  it was impossible to ignore the general decay of the prog rock scene,  although decent recording would still pop up from time to time.  As such,  this album holds special memories for me.  Like few other bands, Genesis  were able to create mini alternate universes in their songs.  Not really  the stuff that good pop music is usually made of, but for the receptive  listener, very compelling.
0684874350|5.0|I don't suppose it really needs *another* review, but I do want to give this book my five stars!
630512065X|5.0|My five year old daughter and I have seen the video over a hundred times.  She knows every word and sings and dances to each scene and loves every minute of it.  <br />My daughter and I have seen several live productions in  the past year, including Joseph and Lion King.  Both great shows, but last  week, we went to the live production of CATS and she was enthralled.   ANYTHING that can keep a five year old's complete attention - almost in a  state of suspended animation - must be magical (Presto).
B000002UB3|5.0|If this album doesn't deserve 5 stars, then I haven't heard a rock album that does.  Side 2 (I miss LP's sometimes!) is just magnificent.
0385496397|5.0|Not your typical &quot;How to make it rich book&quot;!  I'm getting a book for all my friends and loved ones.
630197154X|5.0|I have seen the film only twice but each time Finch does his speech I still get shivers.The Movie network was on AFI's top 100 list but it should have been number one.The acting,directing,writing and story telling is  amazing.If you could only see one film for the rest of your life this would  be the film,take my word for it.
B00000BKE1|4.0|I enjoyed this albumn; but I don't think it is as good as their previous albumns. 'Fear Of The Dark' is one of my favorite songs. This is definetly one to add to your Iron Maiden collection. Up The Irons!
B000005J56|5.0|I went to Cuba in '96, come from Germany heart them playing there and live in Japan right now. I do not understand much about music. All I can tell you is that in many circumstances this music is unique . It must have a  basic rhythm that works on all people. Japanese for instance are very shy  and not used to dance at all but this music is  so vigorous that even they  got up and started dancing. I can not go anywhere without this music. It  brings you back to life.
B00000BKDW|5.0|Great cd! One of Iron Maidens best. 'Aces High', 'Two Minutes to Midnight','Powerslave' and 'Rime of the Ancient Mariner' are classics. A 'must have' for any metal fan. Up The Irons!
6304168802|5.0|Wonderful movie!  Every parent who has a child that participates in any competitive activity needs to see this film.  Substitute soccer or baseball for chess in this film and you can see yourself.  Stellar cast with great  turns by Fishburn and young Max.  One of the best movies to watch with your  kids.
630438551X|1.0|I saw this piece of rip off trash in the theater and wanted to leave after the first 15 minutes.  I decided to rent it since everything else was out and it got worse on the second viewing.  The beginning fight looks like a  parody of West Side Story (another pathetic excuse for the true R &amp; J).   The story plods along at a snails pace and DiCaprio has to be the worst  Romeo in cinematic and theatrical history.  As someone who's played the  role, I noticed he never even came close to capturing the true essence of  Romeo.  A young man torn by true love and a tragic mistake at the hands of  a family feud should be played as such not a bad ripoff of a Bon Jovi  video. DiCaprio walked through the role and seemed to be yelling whenever  any real emotion was needed.  What a no-talent hack!  The only bright spots  in this movie were Friar Laurence and John Legumiziamo.  A real movie would  have been Legumiziamo as Romeo.  Then at least you would have had a real  actor playing this romantic role and someone with some testosterone.  Alas  poor Tybalt!  We hardly knew you!
0783801602|4.0|This book is worth reading for most people.It was really slow in some parts but the action parts were awesome.Probably not for a person with little patience.
B000002JA8|5.0|I know that most psb fans can't stand &quot;Bilingual&quot; simply because it doesn't have the same cheesy synth-poppy sound. Quirky lines like &quot;I love you, you pay my rent&quot;, have now been replaced by  &quot;And after work explain how I feel...&quot;perdamo! me llamo  Neil&quot; (yes, I know that's spelled wrong, but that's how it sounds) The  boys have gone out on a limb this time adding the pounding beats of  traditional drumming with a techno twist. Although it is a bit campy,  (which isn't a bad thing at all), the PSB experiment with noise that is  more appealing to the tastes of today, not just those of us who spend too  much time in gay bars. If you are hesitant, just buy it used...it's  something everyone needs to hear.
0792153294|4.0|Even though this movie and Armageddon deal with similar ideas, they are vastly different in how they approach them. Here, the people seem more real, although still somewhat routine. I especially liked Morgan Freeman as  the President and Robert Duvall as the veteran astronaut. And as a response  to the viewer from Croatia why not a black President?? Colin Powell is just  such a man.  Also of note is the journey to the comet which was convincing  and interesting. There are the riot scenes and partings and a lot of other  scenes that are 'obligatory' for an epic disaster film. A lot of people  like to look down on this film for doing that, but think about it, if the  end was coming, wouldnt there be mostly those kinds of things happening all  around? Actually, I give this film 4.5 stars and not a five because of one  thing. It lost courage to show something truly special on the cinematic  screen, and that was exactly what it set out to do. Show the extinction of  earth above ground and the subsequent means of survival. That would be a  bold direction rather than the one they did take, which was more  'Hollywood' than anything else. I watched this movie and Armageddon back to  back for the first time each so that I could gauge which was the better.  Although Armageddon does have some fun to it and some good one liners, its  impossible to really take that film seriously, whereas Deep Impact attains  a degree of credibility, a much stronger hold on reality.
0440224764|4.0|In my humble opinion, this book was just shy of being a Five-Star rating!!Immediately following my completion of reading &quot;The Street Lawyer&quot;, I had to have more Grisham and read &quot;The Partner&quot;,  which has been sitting on my bookshelf since it was a new release.  No  doubt one of the most entertaining books I have ever read, I just could not  put it down, having to know what would happen next!  Just when you thought  you had the whole story in the bag, Grisham throws in twists and turns with  a brilliant lead character.  A great story of betrayal and twisting  justice, like riding a roller coaster.  Hopefully, there will be a sequal,  I couldn't get enough!  I sincerely wish I had read this book sooner.  I  will, however, recommend this book to family and friends.  Grisham is  definitely a master storyteller!
B000002NJS|5.0|It's been over a year since its release and I still am not tired of the Ray of Light cd. It's so layered that each time I hear it my ears hear something new!!!
B000002NFM|5.0|This is by far the best Prodigy CD I have heard.  The rhythms are just incredible,  and the tunes and lyrics are out of this world.  Truly one of my favorite CD's that I have in my collection.  I recommend this Prodigy CD  over any of the other ones.
B00000253N|5.0|This cd is AMAZING!!!! The only problem I have is with Amazon.com. I bought Amazon.com's stock at 25.(100 shares) and I sold it at 16 when it went down. I LOST 800 DOLLARS!!! I figured out that if I had held on to the  stupid highflying stock I would have made over 100 thousand dollars!!!!!! I  have hated Amazon.com ever since.
B000002LTV|1.0|The lead reviewer of this &quot;sleeper&quot; CD mentions &quot;whatever happened to concise musical statements,&quot; referring to the painfully long-winded gasp of this dreamy collaboration -- hence I'll be concise  here: They should prescribe this album for insomniacs who don't respond to  heavy drugs!  What a snorer, even for &quot;mellowites&quot; such as James  and Klugh.  Would be better labeled New Age than Jazz, I think!
0449215644|5.0|As in all her other novels of suspense, this one is simply wonderful.  The characters are delightful; the scenery exquisitely rendered.
B00000DMJF|5.0|The value of this double CD is of course the great songs and, singing and musicianship, but also the masterful original mixing of Sir George Martin!<br />I think Capitol has done the right thing in not re-mastering this  masterpiece.<br />I don't want anyone &quot;touching up the Mona Lisa&quot;,  and I sure as hell don't want anyone messing with the original wonderful  sound of this album.<br />People have written reviews complaining about  everything from the cardboard that the CD comes in to the fact that there's  no re-mastering. I think it's done just right.<br />It costs less! than the  original dual disc set, so only buy this CD if you want one of the most  creative sets of music ever put out by some of the most talented  writers,  players and singers to ever come around, recorded by perhaps the best  producer ever.<br />If that's not what you're looking for, move on.<br />Peace...
B00000ICD9|1.0|The two long reviews on this page are very well  done - one for, one against the film.   To sum it up though, it's a very maudlin, depressing, boring and pointless treatise on metaphysics, emotionally unengaging and a  waste of time.    The visuals (both Art Direction and Visual Effects) are,  however, brilliant and stunning and will probably win (deservedly) Oscars  this year!
0767800958|5.0|Sally Potter has a wonderful face! This is a great film . I rented on video and I am so impressed I will buy it for my collection
B000002USP|5.0|I recently started buying PSB albums after owning a couple of collection albums.  This album is easily the most enjoyable, constantly interesting and innovative album I have heard in years.  I've always been a disco fan,  and I am just starting to appreciate how great the Boys are in this  tradition.  I don't give a rip about their orientation or anything--these  guys can just plain get up and go!  Buy it, love it!
6302402824|5.0|amazin
B000000FG8|5.0|Ihave had OPIV for years and it's always great. Anyone who even vaguely likes punk or ska must buy this CD. Every song will have your mind blowing out. And if you don't like punk/ska  then GO AWAY. you'll love it, BUY IT.
630512762X|1.0|By far the worst movie I've ever seen ... how are people so stupid that they like this?  Depresses me about the human condition.
B000002IZ4|5.0|NEWS FLASH: The NEW STP release is due in July or August. Welcome back, gents! It's been a long time !!!  Your fans miss you !          As far as this album goes, it has every type of music style that you can think of:  heavy metal, thrash, hard rock, country, blues, folk, and even jazz. The  depth of this recording is the best to come out of the 90s.<br />     I can't  wait for the new release !!!  As far as the title of this CD (Purple) -  it's basically referred to as the color of a bruise that begins to  heal(after being billed as another grunge rip-off group).  Hopefully Scott  Weiland has heeled himself off the drugs.  Remarkably enough, his drug  dependence has never altered his artistry.
B0000042H4|3.0|Solti's conducting is the primary problem with this Ring, and the reason I do not enjoy much of it.  Solti is a shallow musical thinker, and he presses far too much, to the point of annoyance.  Everything is  unnecessarily tense and forced when he conducts, and the Vienna  Philharmonic would have played much better with no conductor than with him.   Solti's only accomplishment with this Ring is that he inflicted his  nervous musically insipid personality onto the world's greatest orchestra,  and this orchestra fought off the gad-fly Solti as best it could.  Solti  has more Grammys than any other conductor.  What should that tell you about  his ability?  I rest my case.  Any truly knowledgable and sensitive  listener knows that Solti is 99% of the time a musical joke.
B000002GJ7|5.0|I won't spend much time stating my opinion on this album: it's simply extremely terrific. And if you don't like, what you hear here - get the funk out!
1573226521|4.0|Unlike a previous reviewer, I am over 30 (I'm 30 with 10 years experience) and I can heartily recommend this book. It's entertaining in a conventional &quot;thriller&quot; sense, but had impressive echoes and subtexts as well.  It was the first post-modern take on Vietnam I've seen -- Vietnam as  experienced solely through movies and TV shows -- and it gave my brain a  pleasant rattling. I also liked the portrait of the &quot;traveler&quot;  culture.<br />I, too, am looking forward to the movie, and wondering if Leo  will be playing the main character as British or American.
6305171769|5.0|Okay...so it isn't as good as the original.  But that doesn't make it a bad movie.  In fact, this is a great movie that sticks to its roots.  And for all of you who think it ripped off Scream...Scream did the same thing  to the original Halloween.  The music is great...the acting is the best of  the series...and the storyline is superb and makes up for the lacluster  sequels before it.  This should officially be called Halloween 3...so we  can move on with our lives and forget the 4 sequels before it.
6303481345|5.0|My second favorite movie only to Akira.  Probably the best movie from the U.S. Magna distributor.  My only complaint is that this should have been named &quot;Ronin's Scroll&quot;,but the title was probably dumbed down for  us ignorant gaigin.  Some of the best art I've seen yet as far as Anime  goes, and an enthralling story as well.  I've seen it well over 30 times  alread and am still not board with it yet.  A must for the collecter of  animation!!
0790729687|4.0|I enjoyed the movie, but I defy anyone to try to figure out what the heck Banderas is saying through that accent. Also, can anyone explain to me that ending?
630463949X|4.0|There are a couple of songs that I'd rather not see on this video, because there are so many better ones. However, I can live with one or two so-so's. The rest was so great I can't tell you. It was so good to see.  Just like  seeing the Eagles together again. Need I say more?!
B000000W5F|3.0|Too many tracks sound uninspired for this to be a top rate CD.  No Use In Crying, Tops, Slave, and even Start Me Up sound like they were written in about five minutes tops. The best tracks are good but do not stand up to  prior Stones material.  Very mediocre.
6303430570|5.0|As soon as I picked up the box and read the summary on the back,I had a feeling that this was a different kind of movie.What I didn't realize was that I was just about to watch the most influential film for the new  generation of 20 somethings.The &quot;intelligent filth&quot;that spews  forth from our two heroes,Dante and Randall,was unlike anything I had  encountered outside of a night at the local pub with my friends. If you  like intelligent dialogue,loads of swears,or ever worked in any aspect of  the customer service industry,then this is the movie you MUST see.
B000002GLE|5.0|A fantastic headphones CD.  Branford Marsalis and the rest of the guest appearances make this one of the best 'unknown' live CDs put out in 20 years.  I LOVE IT!!
B000002BFL|1.0|This album is a disappointment.  Use your money to buy something better like The River.  Only die-hard Springsteen fans would like Tom Joad.
0140157352|4.0|This book is well written and gives food for thought for anybody who is challenged in negotiating and getting agreement. I would consider it a must read for anybody ! Well done.
1573225517|4.0|With High Fidelity, we see a typical &quot;boy loses girl, boy behaves badly, boy chases after girl, boy gets girl back.&quot;  No big surprise here.  What is a surprise (and a pleasant one at that) is how Nick Hornby  tells the story.  The reader lives through Rob's thoughts, easily  transferring between what he thinks and what he does.  The reader judges  Rob as Rob judges himself.  Rob's psyche (as well as the reader) is  relentlessly explored through &quot;pop&quot; lists of records and movies  and TV shows.  (specifically music).  This book is for anyone who has  analyzed another through Seinfeld analogies, or critques of CD and book  collections.
6304696566|5.0|Being a huge Searchers-fan since I first watched the movie in 1969 I was overwhelmed by the quality of the DVD-version. It looks as if the movie was shot today and if the Duke is going to step out of the screen. You can  almost count the sand-grains in the desert. The Searchers on DVD is not a  movie, but an awesome experience. This is what I wanted after watching the  movie twice in cinema and eleven times on tv/video. Now I want even more. A  Computer-driven Searchers II? Surely, it makes you dream of a Director's  Cut. Does it excist?
B000001FSP|5.0|This is the album by which Marianne Faithfull will be remembered -- Broken English is an uncompromising portrait of pain and suffering from someone who has experienced more than her share.  This album is electrifying,  brave, and unlike anything before or since.  Highly recommended.
B000003S0D|5.0|Although this album isn't thought of favourably by even Robert Fripp himself, I have to say that I love this album.  His thoughts were that &quot;Lizard is full of ideas, most of which, don't work.&quot;  I think he  is being rather hard on himself.<br />The general &quot;idea&quot; is to  create a symphonic jazz-rock.  In the second side, &quot;Lizard&quot;  suite, they achieve this wonderfully.  As the band interprets the lead  classical-style melody line sung by guest, Jon Anderson, in the first  section, the rhythm turns into a bolero and slowly makes a transition from  classical to jazz.  Brilliant!!  Some heavy rock riffs then take over with  the jazz players (led by Keith Tippett on piano and Mel Collins on sax)  soloing over top.  The piece ends with a mournful electric guitar solo  followed by psychedelic effects.  This may sound like &quot;Everything but  the kitchen sink&quot; to some, but trust me, it works.<br />The first side is  lead off with &quot;Cirkus&quot; which is certainly one of Crimson's most  violent tracks with a heavy mellotron riff and, in my opinion, some of  Sinfield's best lyrics.  It also includes some fantastic acoustic guitar  from Fripp.<br />Other major highlights include, the opening riff of  &quot;Happy Family&quot; which I am sure was an inspiration to Andy Summers  of the Police for his track &quot;Mother&quot;.  The lyrics again are  great, as it describes the breakup of the Fab Four.<br />They don't make bands  like this anymore...or at least they sure don't get the exposure they once  did.  A Pity, really.
6304143184|5.0|I has been a long time that I seen E.T. I was hopeing to get the Video of it for my grand kids but I can't.
B000000HTM|5.0|I first bought this album about ten years ago.  It blew me away then and it still blows me away today.  I have followed the band's leader, Peter Hammill, religiously ever since.<br />Along with King Crimson (Robert Fripp  makes a guest appearance), VdGG sits on the darker edge of the Progressive  Rock musical spectrum.  This explains the noted influence of Peter  Hammill/VdGG on Johnny Rotten.  Minor keys certainly  prevail.<br />&quot;Lemmings&quot; has got to be one of the most violent rock  compositions ever written both musically and lyrically (&quot;young minds  and bodies on steel spokes, impaled&quot;).  The song, however, ends with a  glimmer of hope - &quot;What cause is there left but to live in hope of  saving our children's children's little ones?&quot;<br />&quot;Man-Erg&quot;  is more orchestral with a shocking, stark middle section of staccato sax  and organ that is truly jarring.  In a good way!!<br />The second side of the  album &quot;A Plague of Lighthouse Keepers&quot; is widely regarded as  VdGG's finest moment.  A journey through the mind of a lonely, isolated  human (Hammill himself?), the piece is equal parts beautiful and  disturbing.  Brilliantly, the piece never truly resolves, again, both  musically and lyrically (&quot;All things are apart/a part&quot;) over a  fading, baffling choice of a chord.<br />As a musician and songwriter, this  album had a huge influence on me and I have turned many young listeners  onto Hammill and Progressive Rock, in general, with this album.<br />All in  all, very extremely recommended!
6300248550|1.0|Someone should inform the casting department at the BBC that a forty-year woman with bad teeth and wide hips does not look nineteen just because she's short. She resembles instead a forty-year old, wide hipped dwarf.  This overlong adaptation of Jane Eyre is absolutely risible, and I  challenge anyone to hum a single line of the elevator music. Look, folks,  people back then had little do but read books they could barely lift; it  was either that or play dominoes or charades, but that does not mean a  modern adaptation should last as long as it takes actually to read the  book. This turgid production is two hours too long and stupifyingly dull to  boot, suggesting that the director was either paid by the hour or had to  fill up two nights of programming. Stick with the elegant version starring  Charlotte Gansbourg, an actress with immense sex appeal and backed up by a  terrific musical score.
B000001GBJ|5.0|This is the number one CD in my collection.  If you like haunting melodies this CD is for you.  Every song on the CD will transport you to another world full of peace and tranqulity.
B0000009WC|5.0|This album is one of my all time favorites. Not easy to listen to, but the genious of Zappa and his and his bands musical skill are perfectly combined
0375707972|1.0|did you  expect a book oprah told you to read to be good? probably not... here is another case of a book picked by her that is very _bad_. would have given it a zero rating, but there is no option to do so.
0783227434|1.0|I had to turn this one off the effects were so poor. No ED2 here. The Army Of Darkness Attack on the castle reminded me of &quot;March of the Wooden Soldiers&quot;.
6303421563|4.0|I can't agree more with the customer reviews...INCREDIBLE!! This movie exemplifies everything cinema is lacking today. Flawed characters you actually care about, villains that are so unpredictable they actually scare  you, beautiful camera shots, and I could go on and on. Bravo Mr.Besson an  instant classic BUT in a world where viewers are impressed with the same  old good guys vs. bad guys, this movie will probably get passed over like  many others. Watch it or you're missing out.
B0000026WD|5.0|Michael really knows how to release the right material.He knows what the fans want and gives everything in his soul to his music.When I first listened to it I was so amazed at how all the songs were so perfectly  strewn together and the  cd's phenomonal success in selling.
0140277447|4.0|This book weaves the historical context of what was happening with the specific atrocities in an excellent way. Iris Chang allows you to feel the individual suffering, while understanding the bigger picture. The current  atrocity, or failure of the Japanese government to recognize the mistakes  of the past is also evident  It helps one understand why there are still  hard feelings against Japan, even fifty years after the war.
630027179X|5.0|Excalibur is splendidly done.  It is a classic that will stand the test of time.  From the beginning with King Luther and the tale of Arthur's rise as a true King, the noblity of the knights of the roundtable, this movie is  one that shall be cherished by anyone who takes the time to see it. You  can't help but get caught up in the drama...Sir Percival, Sir G'wain...Sir  Lancelot...Sir Euyrens....what a masterpiece!!!
6305358613|5.0|Forget Saving Private Ryan! Elizabeth is a perfect blend of superb acting, beautiful scenery, and a compelling plot. It keeps you on the edge of your seat for 2 hours straight, without the overuse of gore and blood! This  movie is a must-see, don't overlook it!
6305263248|5.0|I have seen many action packed movies but this has to be one of my all time favourites. The film begins with action and ends with action, further more you are into the movie in less than 2 minutes flat, due to some  extremely well filmed car chases and some shoot em up scenes that are  breathtaking. De Niro is excellent as ever as is Reno. For those who like  action packed movies then this is one to see!!!!
B000002KXV|5.0|for the rest of your life and you'll be ahappier music lover. This is good medicine.
0792837983|5.0|This movie can entertain as well as educate. The flashback as a way to introduce the story and attract attention seems strange but effective.  Excellent performances with Sellers again assuming many disguises, a  brilliant case study but can get tiring at times. Kubrick made this film  when others were putting to screen stories about lovesick teenagers. Buy  it, watch it, treasure it like any of Kubrick's films.
B000000OU0|5.0|the reharsals must have been a treat. Oh, to have been an acoustic &quot;fly on the wall.&quot;
B000002LAC|5.0|I loved Trio when it came out 15 or more years ago,and this one is head and shoulders above that one. The song &quot;Feels like home&quot; will make you cry if ever been in love. I can not say enough about the music and  the vocals. With Alison Krause and crew it could only get better. Linda  Rondstat has got back to what she does best.
B000002MIY|5.0|every week since it first came out, gave up trying to duplicate his music on the piano even though I had the sheet music, and still pray that this time when I play it some sort of miracle will occur and therewill magically  be more cuts to hear.
0375707972|5.0|I started the book expecting one type of story and found myself puzzling very different questions by the time I completed it.  Get yourself a dialogue group to ponder its many deep issues.
0780622545|5.0|I saw this movie in the theator. A friend and I were the only ones there. After being drawn into this dark, amazing world, we left the theater and looked at each other and said &quot;I don't know if I liked it&quot;. When  the images and story line kept playing through my head for the next week,  it was clear that I REALLY liked the movie. I tried to get my wife to go  see it in the theator, but we missed it. This movie really can't be  compared to others. Don't be turned off by the 1 dimentional characters,  they are supposed to be that way and develop. Love the movie. I now own it.
B00000G28U|4.0|Hmmm...it seems my previous review wasn't posted for some reason.  So I'll do this again.  Anyways, Garage Inc. is really good.  CD2 showcases the Metallica from the last decade featuring their raw, thrashy, unproduced  sound while CD1 showcases the Metallica we know today: straight ahead real  heavy guitar rock!  I'm glad they put out two discs to contrast their  present with their past.  Covers or not, Metallica have come a long way by  honing their chops and skills over the last decade, and these two discs  prove it (you can definitely hear the difference between CD2 and CD1).  All  the songs on both discs are good (with the exception of &quot;Mercyful  Fate&quot;).  If you can get past the bleeps, then this album is a  must-buy!
0792835077|5.0|&quot;Boy, machines are the servants of Man,&quot; or so John Blaine hoped!  &quot;Westworld&quot; perpetually remains as one of my all-time cinematic favorites.  From Yul Brynner's indellibly evil Gunslinger (which  was an allusion to his role in &quot;The Magnificent Seven&quot;) to  Michael Crichton's visionary and technologically ground-breaking script,  this sci-fi horror film is inspirational as it is tremendously  entertaining!  It still amazes me how innovative Crichton was when  conceiving the computer systems and the viruses that would bring Delos to a  turbulent downfall!  Such ideas inspired me, in part, to pursue Electrical  Engineering during my Purdue days.  It truly appalls me how underrated  &quot;Westworld&quot; is in the American sci-fi consciousness.  This 70's  MGM number (along with &quot;Soylent Green&quot;, &quot;Logan's Run&quot;,  and &quot;Demon Seed&quot;) is a low-budget wonder that allows it's viewers  to actually &quot;think&quot; (YES, that dreaded word for Gen. X) about how  technology in the future could benefit or threaten humankind.  Also, I've  read some reviews that complain about how &quot;dated&quot; the props,  special FX, and the computer control room look when viewing for the first  time in the 90's.  HELLO! IS ANY YOKEL OUT THERE FAMILIAR WITH THE TERM  &quot;SUSPENSION OF DISBELIEF?!&quot;  I have to admit, it looks pretty  darn awesome in the scene where Yul's face is removed by Delos' repair guys  to reveal the integrated circuits inside his head while being fixed up to  hunt down Richard Benjamin &amp; James Brolin to the death.  The few scenes  during the spectacularly chilling chase sequence between Brynner &amp;  Benjamin where they show on-camera digital pixel effects for the  Gunslinger's sense of sight (I love those icy, silver contact lenses Yul  had to wear to make his character look like a believably cold &amp;  calculating android) also steal the show.  It also keeps me on the edge  when the seemingly invincible Gunslinger gets shot on numerous occasions,  hydrochloric acid splashed in his eyes, and incinerated by a torch in  Medieval World (all of these acts done by Benjamin), and the SOB still  won't go down!!!  All in all, &quot;Westworld&quot; is a transcendentally  exhilarating futuristic tale of what boons and fiascos could face society  inside the technological arena!  An absolute must-see cult classic for  Crichton fans!!!  <br />I also recommend steering clear away from the sequel  &quot;Futureworld.&quot;  It's a completely vapid and superfluous story  concept that holds nothing to its electrifying predecessor.
0871137380|5.0|Tells the soldier's stories without getting in their way while keeping you anchored in the flow of the battle. Best battle book I have seen in a long time.  A most read for anyone advocating the use of American troops in  peacekeeping and especially peacemaking operations.  Dennis Lowrey LTC, US  Army retired
B000001FZK|5.0|Out of time music. Sorry. It's beyond music. Laughing Stock deserves more than 5 stars, probably a galaxy...
6304100507|5.0|Personally, I think that Oliver and Company is a great family film. It has touching moments, and plenty of laughs along the way. From Dodger's carefree city attitude to Tito's hyperness, I'd say that this movie has an  excellent cast of charachters. My personal favorite is Einstien, but then  again, I love 'em all! This ranks up to the high stats of the Lion King,  and Mulan.
6300151379|5.0|I am a David Bowie lover and this movie is the best.  This is one of the best movies that I have ever seen, and I have seen a lot.  Also for all the other David Bowie fans, like me, he does a wonderful job as the bad guy.  I  love it!
0385472951|3.0|I enjoyed the book, it kept me on edge.  It was unpredictable and exciting.  However, there's no way it all could come together so perfectly...just how he planned it.  Not even Superman could've pulled that  off.
0800196341|5.0|We've grown accustomed to Kenneth Branagh providing us with excellent films and this version of Hamlet is another beautiful movie that he can be proud of and we can enjoy for many reasons. OK, the man has the advantage  of using what is probably the greatest drama ever for this film but that  very fact could have been the undoing of a less talented and confident  director and actor.  In the wrong hands this material can go from drama to  satire.  Branagh's hand never falters and he never loses his way as he  takes the Dane down the road of his passion and madness to revenge. Kate  Winslet and Derek Jacobi are wonderful but then so is the rest of the cast.   Mr. Branagh himself does a superb job with one of the greatest roles in  theater.  As good as his work in Henry V. The film is so beautifully shot  and the sets so lush that you have to watch it more than once to see  everything.  Branagh certainly gets every detail done to perfection.  And  the superb score by Patrick Doyle moves the whole experience up two more  notches. See this film.  It is the greatest Hamlet to ever be filmed.   Branagh has moved up to become the most interesting director working today.
0345404475|4.0|This is the first Philip K. Dick novel that I have ever read, but I'm sure I'll read another shortly. I loved it!
B00000AFWZ|5.0|&quot;Nuggets&quot; is the album that started a gravitational retro-surge which has never stopped! From the original double album have come entire record companies devoted to 'nuggets': Norton, AIP, Sundazed. Series after  series of compilations have been issued.....with no apparent end in sight.  Well you might ask yourself, &quot;Why were there so many bands in the  sixties, so many recordings?&quot; Well you might ask.  Let me tell you  something: there is something lurking on these tracks that draws you in,  completely captures you. It's captured me and now I'm nuts! I have to have  more garage tracks, I just have to!  This stuff is so good and such an  antidote to antiseptic big dollar corporate rock that it brings the joy  that music is supposed to bring. Buy this at peril. &quot;You might not  come back.&quot;  Sloop John B
0800136586|5.0|This movie is great especially for children.My friends friend is Aileen Quinn and my friend was in the Broadway version.It makes me happy to see my friends.
B00000BKI4|3.0|If you went back to 1976, stole all of Pink Floyd's guitars, gave them an orchestra and punched Roger Waters in the stomach, you might get a sound comparable to this record.
B000002LKU|5.0|Wish they'd done another like this one - I heard when it first came out that it was 'in response' to The Traveling Wilburys, and I believe it's just as special.
B00000ICD9|5.0|I can see why this movie wasn't a commercial success because you have to really pay attention to get all the details and really &quot;see&quot; what is going on.  It will break your heart and then mend it in a way that will  stay with you for a very long time!
6305079811|5.0|Really, I do
B0000020C4|5.0|I have listened to many different recordings of Les Miserables in the past, but this one is beyond superb! They named it right when they called it the &quot;Dream Cast&quot;, because I think it would be any  theatre-lover's dream to have all of this talent in one room!  Colm  Wilkinson delivers a heart-felt performance as Jean Valjean; Philip Quast  portrays a ruthless, yet vulnerable Javert; Ruthie Henshall communicates a  torn, struggling Fantine; Michael Ball gives us a romantic, schoolboy  performance of Marius; and Michael Maguire displays an uncomparable  strength as Enjolras.  I think it would be unfair to mention the equally  stirring performances by the actors in the minor roles.  Matthew Cammelle  portrays a humble, defiant Feuilly;  David Bardsley, a strong and  level-headed Combeferre;  Jerome Pradon, an enthusiastic Courfeyrac;   Darryl Knock, a practical Joly;  and Peter Polycarpou as the dreamy, jovial  Jean Prouvaire.  I dare to say that this production is the best ever of Les  Miserables!
078322706X|5.0|This movie is diffenlty on my top ten list.  Anthony Hopkins did an excellent job.  He was able to really bring us into the movie.  Also Brad Pitt was amazing, he is so talented. I loved him as the character Death, he  did a wonderful job of playing  all of Deaths emotions.  The other actors  also did a very pleasing job, I especially liked the sisters and Quince.  I  would recommend this movie to anyone.  It is definalty worth the three  hours.  And on a side note, it was so much better then Titanic.
6304082428|5.0|This version of P&amp;P is the best adaption of any book to a movie. The first time I watched it I could not believe how well the actors fit the characters in my imagination. I would recommend it to anyone, even without  reading the book first.
039472903X|5.0|David has been an inspiration for all of us who pursue our career into the marvelous world of selling ideas. He demands all of us to be the &quot;people with brains&quot;, and we still remember that when we read his  books. I always keep them on the shell closest to my bed. They always  remind me I can do things better. Please, do not read this book expecting  to find a manual on advertising, but a manual of life. I owe this to Ogilvy  &amp; Mather, a passionate brains factory of making the lives of our  clients easier.
6301208773|5.0|Other reviewers have talked about the outstanding action and character development.  But his film has a multitude of hidden and semi-hidden facets that take repeated viewings to understand and fully appreciate.  A sample  of a few: (1) east-coast - west-coast rivalry (complete with a slap at  USC); (2) &quot;Ow!&quot; as a SWAT team member pricks his hand on a rose  bush; (3) &quot;Nakatomi&quot; is Japanese for &quot;money inside&quot;;  (4) Al singing &quot;Let it snow&quot; just as a body lands on his car; (5)  a terrorist looking around to make sure he isn't caught stealing a candy  bar; (6) Special Agent Johnson saying &quot;No, the other one&quot; on the  phone.  These are priceless moments; sheer artistry that will never be  appreciated by the cappicino-cinema crowd.
6305265488|5.0|This movie is a wonderful version of how the Cinderella story was &quot;real&quot;. Although seeing it on a big screen is preferable, the video version is much woth owning - so you can watch it over...and  over...and over...and over...get the picture ?  Everything about this movie  is superb.  All the actors are brilliant and Houston is absolutely fabulous  in her role.  As a huge lover of fairytales - I must say that I was very  far from being dissapointed with this version - it is lovely, romantic,  funny, dramatic, exciting and entertaining.  I recommend this one for  everyone !
B000002952|5.0|Gloria Estefan is not only a beautiful person on the outside, but her music is so beautiful and reflective of the beautiful Cuban culture.  She shows to me the nature of the world's most romantic women.
0767802519|4.0|this movie rocked!! buy it ,NOW!!
6303832563|5.0|koyaanisqatsi has touched and changed so many peoples lives, very few films can do this, i know, it affected me in many ways, i saw it as a teenager and to this day cherish it. ive been looking for a copy for almost  ten years now, but have had no success, im sure many would rejoice in  seeing it availible again, a dvd release would be great. even if i never  find a copy of my own, koyaanisqatsi will always be with me.
078322687X|4.0|this movie kicks a$$
B00000BKDS|5.0|Iron Maiden's first albumn is a metal masterpiece. The albumn that started it all. Every song is pure Maiden. A Classic! Iron Maiden is awesome!! Up The Irons!!
6304697961|4.0|this is one of the best horror movies ever made!!! it rocks, buy it now!
630529142X|4.0|Sandler has refined his act, this is some of his best
6305137293|4.0|this one contuines where the first left off. like n the godfater movies. cuz the third is diffrent!! this is one kick a$$ ride. buy one then 2 an sit back! these films will blow u away! sooo scary! they rock so buy them,  NOW!!!
047158651X|5.0|I love this book. I am currently taking Biochemistry at my University. This book is used in the Chemistry department. I am in the biology department and we are assigned a different biochemistry book......but after  hearing about the Voet/Voet book from other students, I purchased it. It  was well worth the cost. I feel like I got my Money's worth and would not  think of selling it back to the bookstore even if they offered to buy it  back at full price. I'm thoroughly satisfied with my book. A LITTLE UNKOWN  FACT THAT I SPREAD AROUND.......In the movie, THE RELIC, this very book was  used to squash the mutated beetle that jumped out of the cooler. I'm not  kidding. My Biochemistry book is famous.
6305263248|4.0|this movie kicks a$$! buy it!!
B000002BHE|2.0|I liked the former album, &quot;The colour of my love&quot;, but this one  is far worse in many ways. Just a couple of songs are worth paying attention and listening to. It's a shame this got a Grammy Award. Both  arrangement and instrumentation for this album were not well-done but just  &quot;medium-rare&quot;, I think. In particular, I don't like most  accompniments were done by using synthesizers, which must be, I believe, an  easiest way to perform (and to save time and efforts). My impression from  this album is that proper endeavours were not made by Celine and other  people including recording engineers who made this one. To tell the truth,  this album made me be afraid of buying her next albums. I really don't  think that singing songs well with nice voice is not all to  &quot;create&quot; a meaningful album.<br />But I still am a fan of Celine. I  love her beautiful and powerful voice. I just want her to be better in all  elements forming music other than singing itself.
B00000HZFP|5.0|I had heard of this show from friends in New York and intended to give it a listen.  Time passed, as it does, and I didn't pick the soundtrack up.  My friends fixed that.  I listened to 2 tracks for about 2 minutes each and  KNEW I would buy it the next day (which I did).  It now lives in my CD  changer permanently.  The album is truly unbelievably wonderful.  It's not  an awesome rock show, it's a show with awesome rock in it.  EAT YOUR HEART  OUT RENT!
6303327982|5.0|This is my favourite all time movie.  Juliette Lewis and Woody Harrelson are both fantastic.  If you like this one other movies to watch are;<br />Clockwork Orange, Killing Zoe, True Romance.
6304240562|4.0|A far above average script (actually, Itallian horror master Dario Argento is said to have co-written with Romero), great acting, an effective, atmospheric music score (by the Goblins), and some cool gore effects make  this one a winner.  I just wish that Romero had made it a little darker  (personal preference).  It was quite apocolyptic, and the wide open area of  the mall somehow seems claustrophobic, but sometimes the comic interludes  break through a little too much - part of the reason I like Night better.
6303027016|1.0|Robin Williams is a sweat act.  This movie was a vehicle for Williams' stand up routine, and nothing more. No acting, just Robin Williams schtick.
6305263248|5.0|Well at first I was sceptical.Robert de nero has done a lot of &quot;type cast role&quot; lately. And with the story lines of films in this decade, I wasn't expecting much. This film packs it with a punch.A truely MUST SEE  for all intelligent movie buffs. And its great to see John Frankenheimer  back on the scence. I truely look forward to his next movie.De nero was  brillant, but I would have to say jean reno steals the film. This is a must  for your DVD Collection.
6304994540|5.0|This is one of the funniest films I've seen in a long time.  Script was hysterical, and casting was perfect. Jeff Bridges, John Goodman, Julianne Moore, and John Tutorro were fantastic. Clever, unusaul plot executed  wonderully. Special mention has to go to veteran actor Ben Gazara as a  sleazy pornographer. I really loved this movie.
B000002BPS|5.0|If there is one CD to buy, make it Ixnay On The Hombre. The Offspring is the best band out there. GO BUY IT.
B000001IPL|5.0|Es el disco ms conocido de The Offspring, y creo que ya se ha dicho mucho al respecto, por mi parte solo me queda decir, si no lo tienes compralo.
6305265488|5.0|My favorite movie of the year!It was so funny and such a great love story.And as usual Drew Barrymore was amazing.I left the theater with a huge smile on my face.It was just an all around fun movie!
B00000HZFH|5.0|If you've been a long time BtS fan, ever since Ultimate Alternative Wavers, I'm sure you've loved this album.  They've changed so much over time...i mean doug used to be in a hardcore punk band (Treepeople).  It may  not be as &quot;weird&quot; as the others, but thats what makes it  different from the rest.<br />p.s. The guy in Caustic Resin is Brett Netson  (who was on other BtS albums) Brett Nelson is in Butterfly Train.
B00000AFWW|4.0|Isn't it great ? Courtney Love suddenly woke up to the fact that her fan base gets older at the same rate she does.  Gone are the screaming fits and thrashing guitars that we older folk first heard better from the likes of  Husker Du in the early eighties.  She's followed in the tracks of those  well-known anti-establishment-but-now-gone-respectables, Siouxie Sioux and  Paul Weller, by mellowing out and learning to use her voice properly. And  it's all for the better !  Lyrical, listenable and basically pop, Celebrity  Skin creeps into the collective consciousness for many more hours of the  day than do her previous efforts. No longer does a listener have to be  really angry all the time to listen.  Now they can do the domestic chores  while Courtney croons in the background.  It hurts me to say it, but my  tastes are changning and Courtney's come right along. Celebrity Skin sneaks  around on the edges of pop and harder metal.  Depending on your mood and  whether you've burnt the ironing while listening, it's an album with songs  you'll sometimes love and othertimes hate.
B000001IPP|5.0|The best Rancid album to date.  It's not any of that slow stuff like on Life Won't Wait and it's just a bit, I Mean alot more punk than Wolves, so that's why I say this rancid album rocks any other one, including the one's  I didn't mention.
0783230710|5.0|This movie already attract me a long time ago! I had brought this movie's LD and DVD. Finally, it launch the dts version DVD! I can tell you the video and sound quality are really shock me. The good SF make this movie is  very reality, and the actor's are the best choice to present the  characters.<br />If you do have dts theater audio equipment, you can not miss  this one! the dts version will present you more sound detail, and best  environment effect that you ever hear.
0553473050|4.0|In the four-tape abridgment I heard, Grisham still produces an attention-getting -- and attention-keeping -- novel, but I'm beginning to find the pattern of his books annoyingly similar.  There's that point in  the plot where you say, &quot;Whoops!  One too many good breaks for our  hero!  Goodbye, believability!&quot;  And that point further on, where you  say, &quot;Well, obviously, everything will come out all right, or there  goes the story.&quot;  But the fun is in the detail -- with Grisham,  getting there is half the fun.
0060925000|5.0|Beautiful prose.  Jane Austen and Charles Dickens (sort of) in India.  I loved this book.  Please, please write another, Mr. Seth.
0312853238|5.0|This is honestly the best book that I have ever read, if you have not read it, read it, and if you have read it, read it again.
B00000DF6O|5.0|It's been a long time since I listened to BB King.  But this new disk was amazing. It's brought me back to his music!
B000002V07|2.0|Mazzy Star have their schtick down, don't they?<br />If you liked their previous stuff, well then, have another helping of melancholia, world-weariness, simple chord changes, and mostly sloooow beats.<br />It's  music to slit your wrists by.  Or at least would be if it didn't lull you  to sleep first.
0517543052|5.0|As a recovering alcoholic...I discovered this book when I was several years sober...however, I was still time tripping....back into the past with regrets and into the future with fear...this book taught me the joy in life  is in the now.....I was searching for joy in the non-existant past and  future.<br />Thanks very much Ram Dass.....hope you are feeling better.
B0000004V2|5.0|Well, 27 reviews and counting, and all of them are dead-on right.  This album absolutely RULES.  Every song is fantastic, but just the full-on cosmic instrumental climax of &quot;I Am The Resurrection&quot; is worth  much more than the price of admission.<br />One little note, though:  I bought  the original British version of this on vinyl, which lacked the songs  &quot;Elephant Stone&quot; and &quot;Fool's Gold.&quot;  (Those were  released as singles in Britain.)  I still think that the album is best  *without* those songs in the lineup, even though I love those two songs.   But &quot;I Am The Resurrection&quot; is definitely best as the awesome  volcanic end of the album.  I have &quot;Elephant&quot; and  &quot;Fools&quot; on a separate CD of singles and rarities, and I think  they fit better there.  Just my two cents.  Oh, and if you ever see  &quot;Sally Cinnamon,&quot; &quot;Here It Comes,&quot; or &quot;Mersey  Paradise&quot; anywhere, grab those songs!  Awesome stuff!
0140074317|5.0|Michael Ende struck a perfect balence. Enough discription to give you the idea of what something looks like etc., but not so much that reading becomes cumbersome. The twin plots are a great idea and they never get all  mixed up. The original plot and intresting characters make this masterpiece  a blast to read.
B000003BES|5.0|OK, so maybe I'm in the minority, drowned out by all of the Beggar's Banquet, Exile, and Sticky Fingers fans.  But I still think that this is the best stuff the Stones ever recorded.  Here they are in all of their  original '60s glory.
6301161572|5.0|I cannot say enough about this video. I would give it more than five stars if I could. It is the best imaginable performance of Don Giovanni.  The film is extremely rich visually: the setting (in the Palladian villas of  Vicenza) is splendid and the costumes beautiful.  The acting is as good as  or better than in any straight film.  Losey's production is carefully  thought out down to the last detail; I find something new to delight in  every time I watch it. But all this would be nothing were it not for the  singing.  No other recording of Don Giovanni can rival this one.  Teresa  Berganza is a sympathetic and engaging Zerlina.  Kiri Te Kanawa, with her  incomparably lovely voice, is magnificent as Elvira, one of the great  interpreters of this role.  The crowning glory of the film is the Don  Giovanni of Ruggero Raimondi. He is indescribable, the perfect Don  Giovanni; next to him, all others are as nothing. Listening to and watching  him is a glorious experience.  I highly encourage any lover of this opera  to purchase not only this video but the CD soundtrack (CBS Records); both  have provided me with endless joy.
0792151720|5.0|I has been seen this film 5times and I very like the director . He's good director. When I seen to sent the ship down I cry to much. Thank you all member of the film .
B00000IBRX|5.0|This Emotional, Breathtaking drama has got to be the biggest tear jerker(in a happy way) out there.  You thought you cried hard on &quot;Titanic?&quot;, &quot;Armageddon?&quot;, or &quot;Ol' Yeller?&quot;   This one will definiteley send you reaching for your Kleenex!  The way they  set the story line up was great.  To sum it up without giving away the  movie, It's about a guy who's married and has 2 children that die in an  auto accident.  A few years later, he himself (Robin Williams) dies.  He  tries to find his children in heaven and later gets word that his wife  commits suicide because of all the stress.  For that, she does not go to  heaven and Robbin Williams goes to hell to find his wife.       Good sound  quality, good picture, 2 thumbs up!  one of Robbin Williams' best  performances.
B0000060NA|5.0|la mejor obra de este genial,musico,compositor.Posiblemente uno de los mejores exponentes de la musica en este siglo...
B000002J0B|4.0|The decade wasn't even half over and already Led Zeppelin were on their next to last great album. Of course, any album attempting to follow-up to a smash artistic and commercial hit like LED ZEPPELIN IV would have a two  strikes against it, but HOUSES OF THE HOLY is another winner with one  exception: the absolutely horrid, fake funk sound of &quot;The  Crunge.&quot; This from the guys who gave us &quot;Dazed and Confused&quot;  and &quot;Stairway To Heaven?&quot; The other seven songs are real treat  however. &quot;The Rain Song&quot; in some ways is the true epic song of  the album rather than &quot;No Quarter.&quot; Granted, &quot;The Rain  Song&quot; is longer anyway, but it has the sense of a real production  while &quot;No Quarter&quot; meanders along like a mantra.  &quot;Quarter&quot; does feature a great Page riff and excellent work from  Jones, who already is asserting more influence and keyboards into  Zeppelin's music that would culminate with IN THROUGH THE OUT DOOR.  Zeppelin, especially Page and Jones, had some great ideas on this album,  but you can tell their running out of steam to put them across.  &quot;Dancing Days&quot; is too laid back to ever truly kick into gear and  could be an even better song if just sped up faster and played louder.  &quot;D'Yer Maker&quot; features more fantastic drumming from John Bonham,  the most consistent feature on the album. Plant's lyrics on &quot;The Rain  Song&quot;, &quot;No Quarter&quot; and even &quot;The Ocean&quot; makes one  feel he should be revered more in terms of rock lyricist circles, but then  you have songs like &quot;D'Yer Maker&quot; and &quot;The Crunge&quot;  which range from silly to embarrasing. PHYSICAL GRAFFITTI would be their  last landmark album. It would be downhill from there, but with HOUSES OF  THE HOLY it was easy to think the Seventies would feature nothing but  increasingly great Zeppelin music. And the album cover for this album is  the most artistic and provoking the group wouldfeature after their debut.
0451191153|5.0|It's the best book I ever rade in my all life it change my life and know i'm looking on the world complitly diffrent .
6301976258|1.0|I just can't understand why everyone liked this film so much? I HATED THIS FILM, This is one of the worst films I've ever seen. UGH! I don't think that the acting is good, It's stinks. <br />The woman who played as York's  wife is too old to play the part. I got confused and though that was his  mother until someone tell me it wasn't.<br />This movie is too long, and there  are alot of parts that they should leave out. All of the parts where they  are getting druck in a bar. That a waste and it's makes the film long and  boring.<br />Mostly all of the acting is just plain silly, I laugn at this  movie. This film is a big disappointment. I can make a much better film  than this one.<br />If you want to watch a good war movie watch &quot;Saving  Private Ryan&quot; and stay away from &quot;Sergeant York&quot;.
0312853238|5.0|Orson Scott Card's Enders Game is to Science Fiction as Tolkein's Hobit is to Fantasy. Enders Game has made me a die hard Card fan. Enjoy this book, I did, and so has everyone I have ever loaned it to. -Have Fun
B000002HMH|5.0|I think this is Metallica's best album.  This is when they had their best songs, and also on the black album.
6305265666|5.0|This was a great story.  I liked that it made Cinderella a real and strong woman instead of someone who required rescuing.  I think this is a good role model for young girls in that it's ok to be strong.
B000002H6C|4.0|...And Justice For All is a personal favorite of mine, all heavy metal fans should appreciate it.  I think the best songs are:  2...And Justice For All  3.Eye of The Beholder  and 8.To Live is to Die.
0792151712|5.0|Oh this story was very sweet,sad and..... ccccooooolllllddd!! The opening music was also of the saddest yet sweetest sound I'd ever heard. <br />The scenes where people were outside while the ship was sinking, and especially  once Rose and Jack are in the water is SO REAL!!! I was literally  chattering my teeth and curling up into a warm ball while watching  it!!!!Watching them react to being cold and their faces and lips turning  blue, made me FEEL THAT COLD WATER and it wasn't hard to imagine what it  must've felt like to freeze to death.  <br />The ship-sinking scenes were very  dramatic and gripping, I felt as if I was on the ship as well!!<br />The  building flirtations and love scene with Jack&amp;Rose were exciting, it  made me feel like a love-sick schoolgirl again.:)<br />The one scene I  objected to, was showing a dead mother and baby in the water. That scene  really did not need to be shown at all. It upset me badly. <br />I have this  in my home video collection, as it's a spectacular story and  visually-impressive film.<br />Watch it on a HOT Summer's day and it'll cool  you down, I bet;)
B000002H97|5.0|This and Load are really good CD's, so if you are a metallica fan, get these 2 CD's first.  I did.  The best songs on the CD are: 1.Enter Sandman 2.Sad but True  3.Holier Than Thou  4.The Unforgiven  8.Nothing Else  Matters  and 9.Of Wolf and Man
6304118392|4.0|The first time I saw this movie, I almost turned it off due to the violence of it!! And I'm not easily intimidated by violence in movies. But, I kept watching it, and realized that there was a plot to it and how it was  making a point of how the media loves violence, and it's true! <br />Juliette  Lewis just blew me away with her portrayal of Mallory. She brought  vulnerability and sexyness that helped to soften the character.Otherwise, I  would'nt have stayed interested in the movie.      Woody Harrelson as  Mickey was good as well.(but chilling!!) The two had a good onscreen  chemistry. <br />What interested me most about this movie was the making of it  and the interviews of the cast/crew. I think they could've been more  detailed about what it was like to make it.
B00000637V|5.0|Music sometimes has the power to move us, and none moreso than Reed's &quot;Berlin.&quot;  This is some of the most harrowing music ever recorded. If you can listen without crying to &quot;The Kids,&quot; with  it's refrain &quot;They're taking her children away&quot; while terrified  children scream &quot;Mommy!  Mommy!&quot; in the background, well then  you're lacking all human compassion.<br />It's not a party album.  You  wouldn't play it to cheer up after a hard day.  But in terms of using the  power of music to sweep you into another person's reality, and put you  face-to-face with some of the darker aspects of a dark, misbegotten life,  well, there's nothing stronger.<br />A long overdue reissue, and one of my  favorite albums of all time.
6303443214|5.0|Very lavish and visually-stunning. The acting was superb. I loved the humor Cruise put into Lestat, it was a great offset to Pitt's brooding,morbid Nicholas. <br />The actress who played Claudia was the most  amazing thing though. I understand she was only 11 years old when she did  the movie!WOW. Her acting was flawless! <br />This book is my all-time  favorite book, and is the one I say instantly when asked what my favorite  book is:)
0792151712|2.0|this movie was OK but terribly overrated! this movie could have easily been 2, it just keeps going and going I almost fell asleep watching it. dont waste your time or money on it on it. and by the way leonardo di  caprio u suck!!!
B000002H70|5.0|I LOVE this album. It's so rich with gothic undertones. If this music could flow colors, it would be deep-greens,garnet-reds, blue-violets and black-light purples. <br />The music nurtures the dark side of everyone's  soul. It beautifies and sweetens need,despair,sadness and leaves you  longing and crying for more. The chimes,synths, and guitars wrap you in  music as soft and rich as velvet.<br />Gothic Dreams are made of this album.  Anne Rice probably had this playing when she wrote 'Interview With A  Vampire'.
B000005RUX|5.0|It's hard to believe that this cd is closing in on a decade now.  I remember when I heard Alive for the first time on the radio... I decided to buy the disc before the song was over.  Everyone that has been alive  themselves for the last 9 years knows ALIVE, JEREMY, &amp; EVEN FLOW, but  the magic of the band is captured in the waves of RELEASE, the intensity of  Porch is unmatched by anything that Pearl Jam's peers have produced, and  BLACK, what can be said about this song that has not already been said?  It  is in my eyes the ultimate PJ song.  BLACK is to ballads what Shakespeare  is to litterature.  Gut wrenching in it's emotional brilliance.  Eddie  Sings with such a tortured soul on this track that a person can't help but  feel it, but it's more than just the words... the musicianship of Ament,  Gossard, and McCreedy give this backbone... the only thing wrong with the  song, and CD is that it has to end.  That is unless you are like me, and  just hit the repeat button!
1558807381|5.0|I have this Video, and I never ever get tired of watching it. The enchanting scenes are literally dazzling to the eye and the soul. The acting was very good. I am puzzled by so many negative reviews on the  acting and storyline. It was a breathtaking movie all the way around. The  Unicorns were the most real-looking I've ever seen. I haven't seen Unicorns  that gorgeous or real-looking in any movie since!!!!<br />A must-see for  people loving fantasy and dreamy, visually-stunning movies.
0670880728|2.0|Even if there isn't a calorie- and man-obsessing Bridget Jones lurking inside you, I'm sure nearly everyone can relate to some aspect of the character's neurotic behavior and scenarios in this book (a match-making  mother, dinner parties, white lies, gift-giving, etc).  However, after  about several months of diary, the italicized resolution calculations lost  their novelty and the book generally failed to be an engaging page-turner.   Though I'm a 30-year-old &quot;Singleton&quot; myself, I felt I was reading  about a group of friends just out of college, a sort of St. Elmo's Fire for  the 90s.
B000002NHN|5.0|I love the song 'Mummer's Dance'. To me this song has a very wiccan feel to it and I like it:) It invokes images of black-robed women dancing in a circle in a fog-shrouded, moonlit forest.....<br />Lovely, enchanting music:)
6305265488|5.0|I really enjoyed the female lead role as she had intelligence, integrity, confidence, and humanity.  In comparing it to Titanic's similar pairing, a couple from two different social levels, I could buy into Ever After's  romance.  Where Titanic's couple laid eyes on each other, did a jig, and  somehow knew they would be lifelong companions and lovers, Ever After  formed a relationship between two clear and strong personalities.  I much  prefer that.  Angelica Huston couldn't have played her character better.
B000001FA4|5.0|ALL of U2's albums are incredible. <br />Tip: At night,(with or without a thunderstorm,) turn off ALL your lights, light as many candles around the room as possible, play the song MLK,turn up the bass and volume, and close  your eyes. <br />Another Tip: Do the same as above with any/all of U2's  songs:)
6301971582|3.0|An inexpensive little sci-fi film that's fun to watch.  The plot involves young people living in a  society where those over the age of 30 are recycled to be born again.  Of course this is nonsense, and Michael York  catches on.  The viewer  becomes caught up not in the sets or acting but in  the idea of this society and the unravelling of  the truth about it.   Particularly entertaining is  Peter Ustinov who is discovered  &quot;outside&quot; and is, to the amazement of the hero and his beautiful  companion, Jenny Agutter, oddly, an old man.      Don't expect &quot;Star  Wars,&quot; just enjoy the story.  Sidelight:  A short-lived TV series was  spun off from the film in the late '70's.
6303148352|5.0|What an ADVENTURE!!! The special effects are so riveting, you forget to breathe until it's over!
B000009ED0|3.0|Kid Rock's newest album is credible but definitely not amazing.  Actually, its quite entertaining, but the rap-rock genre is not exactly an innovative genre anymore. That being said, Kid Rock does have some solid rapping  skills, even if he does come off as incredibly pretentious, arrogant, and  contradictory in the process. The music itself is entertaining but it does  not really break any new ground, sounding more like a close cousin of Rage  Against the Machine minus their socio-political message. Still, tracks such  as &quot;Bawitbaba&quot;, &quot;I Am the Bullgod&quot;, &quot;Somebody's  Gonna Feel This&quot;, &quot;Fist of Rage&quot; and &quot;Where You At  Rock?&quot; pack quite a wallop. Kid Rock does get a little introspective  in his seven minute ditty &quot;Only God Knows Why&quot; which has a  laid-back country groove to it.  Overall, although not the most innovative,  daring release, Kid Rock's &quot;Devil Without a Cause&quot; is a great  album to listen to before any physical activity to help get you psyched up,  and that, the &quot;psyche-up factor&quot;, is the records most valuable  asset.
B000002LRX|5.0|if you are a provincial person who only likes one genre of music, can't enjoy truly unparalleled &quot;funk-metal,&quot; or will only listen to what's on the radio.  For everyone else who doesn't already own it:BUY  ANGEL DUST.  You may or may not like it the first time you hear it but it  WILL grow on you like a CHIA PET.  Promise.
6304233639|2.0|I personally liked the older movies, to which this one was compared, much much more.  It was full of special effects, but aimed toward the lower age groups, I believe.  Entertaining is about all I can say for it, but if you miss it, you'll live!  If you are looking for something to fill time, this one is probably a good bet.
0783211856|5.0|Schindler's List is one of Spielberg's greatest achievements both critically and artistically.  Even though a black and white, 3+ hour movie was questionable, the film truely takes you right to the middle of the  massacre that occured.  Schindler's List is a motion picture masterpiece  bringing history to life and serving as a grim reminder of what happened  during that period in history.  Spielberg once again proves his cinematic  mastery and rewrites a few pages in the film makers guide.
630529142X|4.0|A light hearted and fun filled movie for the whole family. Adam and Henry make a great combination on the screen.
B000000WJZ|5.0|Wow.  That's all I have to say.  I think that there has never been a better album ever made.  You'll never believe it, but the first SP album I bought was Adore.  I began listening to rock music in 1997, just when the  post- Mellon Collie Pumpkins were starting to fade away from the radio. I  heard &quot;Ava Adore&quot; and &quot;Perfect&quot; and liked both, so I  decided to buy the album.  I thought Adore was good, but I kept reading  reviews of how &quot;different&quot; it was than Corgan and Co.'s previous  works.  Then I heard &quot;Today&quot; on the radio, my first time hearing  the whole song, and I bought Siamese Dream.  Now I am hooked.  This album  ROCKS! It has something for everyone, whether you like angry,pounding metal  (Quiet, Geek USA) or lonely,introspective ballads (Sweet Sweet, Disarm).   Mellon Collie is great too, and Gish and Adore are both good in different  ways, but if you are going to buy only ONE Pumpkins album, make it SIAMESE  DREAM.
B00000I924|5.0|Welcome back Mr. Beck.. &quot;Who Else,&quot; indeed.  The new one has techno, blues, plaintive wailings and the wonderfully bent notes that nobody else does so well.  Been a fan since Blow by Blow and on second  listening this is his best since then. <br />I guess we'll see in a few weeks  if I wear it out like I did Blow by Blow and Wired.  (Hmm, can't wear out a  CD, canya?)
B000002H6C|4.0|I'm listening to this CD as I'm typing this.  All I can say is that this is definitely different from &quot;Metallica&quot;, &quot;Load&quot;, &quot;Re-Load&quot;, and &quot;Garage Inc.&quot;.  This was when they were  still into the speed and thrash metal with their long guitar-solos before  switching gears in the alternative nineties.  And what an album!  The best  songs are &quot;Blackened&quot;, &quot;Eye Of The Beholder&quot;, and of  course, &quot;One&quot; (which I think is one of the best heavy metal songs  written of all time if not the best...).  By the way this is the 2nd  Metallica CD I bought (&quot;Garage Inc.&quot; was the first one believe it  or not...).  And I plan on getting more of their stuff! :o)
B000007NYS|5.0|. . . OK, so I've still got enough speech left in me to write a review.  But just barely.  This album is GREAT, and a must-own (along with \\"Car Wheels on a Gravel Road\\") for anyone who appreciates good, thoughtful  music.  \\"Side of the Road\\" is one of my favorite songs, and it is  a beautiful picture of what begins to happen when you get too close to  someone else.  That's what Lucinda Williams does; she sings about what we  all know:  a ball of emotions you never could quite put your finger on  becomes a song, and you can't help but identify.  She's a talented  songwriter and musician.
6300268993|5.0|Enough with the nitpicking already!  I was a 13 year-old, seasoned superhero comic book collector when &quot;Superman II&quot; was first released, and I was in absolute awe!  I saw it FIVE TIMES in the theater  (which for me is unheard of, even to this day).  Yes, they gave him extra  powers, but excitement of seeing Superman fight THREE evil Kryptonians was  just too incredible to allow one's self to whine over minor details.  Plus,  who would have ever thought that Lois Lane would ever actually find out  that Clark was Superman? (Remember, this was about 15 years before the TV  show with Teri Hatcher and Dean Cain)<br />Say what you want, &quot;Superman  II&quot; is one of the best superhero movies ever, surpassed only by the  &quot;Batman&quot; film with Michael Keaton and Jack Nicholson.
B000001FRY|5.0|This and War have to be my favorite U2 albums, when they were just four earnest Dublin boys struggling to make it big...before they got jaded with their hats, hairdos and earrings, and Bono's ego wasn't noticeably out of  control yet (that hit around the mid-80's, esp. on their Unforgettable Fire  tour when Bono was on my home turf of San Francisco and spray painted a  statue and said it was okay 'cuz &quot;I'm an artist&quot;)...anyway, this  album has no weak tracks, it is musically brilliant yet simple, perfectly  capturing the youthful yearning we all feel when we're &quot;coming of  age&quot;...a masterpiece from a band that in my view peaked early.  Not to  say that their later efforts aren't good, but that innocence is missing  later on.  An absolute must-have for any U2 fan!
B0000009RT|1.0|This CD is worth buying just to have the timeless classic hit &quot;Help, I'm A Rock&quot;. Also includes a Suzy Creamcheese cameo.
B000000OE7|5.0|I bought this CD as a gift for someone, and after listening to them play it all the time, I had to buy it for myself.  Made in Heaven, and Innuendo are, in my opinion, Queen's two best CD's.  Which makes one wonder what  kind of music would have surfaced if Freddie and lived.  This music seems  to lay Freddie Mercury to rest, it's so peaceful, makes me feel like I'm  floating up to heaven myself.  I think his vocals sound better than ever,  almost leads one to believe that angels were standing behind him and  helping to push his best voice out of him for his last CD.  The songs are  uplifting, spiritual, wonderful to listen to at any time.  If only more  groups these days would come out with songs like these.  Truely a wonderful  album, put out by a wonderful group.
B000002VBY|5.0|Though I thought Krokus was one of the most insipid hard rock bands of the 80's, on this album all their stars alligned. From start to finish it is pure kick ass rock n' roll. Sadly, this is the type of music we will  probably never see again. Low on intelligence, high on pure energy.  Eat  the Rich is the stand out track. If you love the hard sounds of the 80's,  it gets no better than this.
6304994540|3.0|The Coen's tackle Noir in Gulf War-era Los Angeles. It's certainly no Chinatown, and I'm sure James Ellroy probably disapproved, but The Big Lebowski is one charmer of a movie, excluding Jesus the Bowler. Highly  underrated, apparently by fans of the Coen Brothers, and perhaps  understandably so. John Goodman's acting is ever so forceful, Steve  Buscemi's turn as the weak-hearted Donnie is rather limp, and there are too  many unanswered questions. But these quirks go by mostly unnoticed, as the  sheer novelty of the story and colourful cast of characters should charm  the pants of those with a sense of humor - a questionable sense of humor,  of course. The Big Lebowski earns the title of Semi-Great Flick, perhaps  missing Great Flick status simply because of the power of the Coen's  earlier work. It's not quite up there with other Coen classics like Barton  Fink or The Hudsucker Proxy, but it's still an original slice of...well,  pick your term. It's like a pie in the face: it tastes good, probably  smells alright, but it tends to get annoyingly stuck in those hard to clean  areas.
0385311400|5.0|For all of you Jamie and Claire fans:  you must read Sara Donati's book &quot;Into the Wilderness&quot;. It is written in the same style at (almost) the same level. Our favourite couple even makes an appearance!!  Diana Gabaldon was quoted on the cover and that's why I picked it up. What  a treat. (It is about a fiesty couple in 18th cent. New England)
6305169187|5.0|Arageddon makes you laugh, cry, and you get to look at Ben Affleck.  I love how the movie ended. Harry was such a great guy for doing that.  I had never thought of that as an ending.  If you love to see 5 star movies, this  one is great one.
6305171769|3.0|HALLOWEEN H20 IS NOT AS SCARY AS I THOUGHT IT WOULD BE. DON'T GETE WRONG IT IS A GGOD. JAMIE LEE CURTIS DIDN'T PLAY THE PART TOO GOOD, BUT LL COOL J DID GOOD. HE AINT' REALLY CUT OUT FOR THE ACTIN BUSINESS, BUT HE DID AIGHT.
B0000025RI|5.0|This has got to be the most brilliant album ever! Michael Jackson is the King Of Pop and will alwayz be! The music is brilliant. The lyrics are amazing. This is still the best album and it's 1999!!!
6303422020|5.0|Great, they are all pretty good, the indian one isn't GREAT but it is still ok.  Definately worth buying/renting/seeing/
630179513X|3.0|Don't get me wrong, it's a good movie, and a good conclusion to the series.  But a large part of the movie is Dr. Brown falling in love with this incredibaly boring woman.  Needless to say, this large subplot turns a  fun, exciting comedy, into a long, boring love story. Despite this, it's  still cool to see Hill Valley in it's beginning stages.
0375707972|4.0|Schlink spoke so movingly, the story so close to his heart, I felt that this read must be more reality than fiction. Ending the only way possible, sustaining the continuum of pain throughout.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|Este DC demuestra la evolucin nusical de The Offspring, pero puede resultarte raro pus sale de lo comnmente echo.
630027120X|5.0|Although with short drama, very close to real facts, based on historic and full of realistic details, more suitable for latinamerican than european and northamerican people. I would rate this film 8-stars. A must for those  who really want a serious analysis of why latinamerican people stays in the  ir current status.
B000002BPS|5.0|Despus de Smash era dificil pensar en un cisco que lo igualara o superara, y he lo aqui, un disco completo que alimentar tu coleccin discogrfica.
6305364613|5.0|Baz Luhrmann's contemporary adaptation of Shakespeare's timeless classic is motion in emotion!Accurately translated with zeal that radiates through the film, as the stars above our head. Intriguing from start to finish to  the point, that you could mistake the screen for a window into someone's  elses world of sight and sound.
B000002UAU|5.0|Reading several of the reviews by others I was struck with the notion that those who don't like Sgt. Pepper don't really seem to have a feel for it.  Perhaps it is an age thing.  I was in college when Sgt. Pepper came out.   The first time I heard it I was smitten.  I didn't really listen to the  Beatles prior but I've always listened since.  Maybe you had to be there!
6303234844|5.0|My husband and I were getting ready to walk out the door when the concert started on the Disney channel. We couldn't tear ourselves away during the first song, or the second, or the third.... After standing in front of the  TV for about 15 min we gave in, turned up the stereo and settled in. It was  THE BEST CONCERT I HAVE EVER SEEN. I've bought every CD I've seen of his  since then, but my favorite is still Secret World double CD.  I'm torn  between playing it LOUD and conserving my hearing.
6305137293|1.0|Halloween II was a immense dissapointed that does not do the original justice. It's not scary at all, the characters are idiots, the murder sequences are often ridiculous, and the ending is just plain lame.  If you  want to see a real Halloween sequel, go rent Halloween:H2O.
0375707972|5.0|A rare book that I will remember for a long time.  I can rarely tolerate fiction, but I found this author's writing very effective and haunting.  The book is a quick read but worth the time.  Highly recommended.
B000006OAM|5.0|Pay no attention to the critics! If you care about hearing songs that are about something, and that kinda tells a story this is for you!  Nat is one of the BEST songwriters and most UNDERRATED performers of our day.  Her  songs on this cd are about graditude, learning that when you're young and  naieve things will break your heart and these songs are also about life.   Sure most of these songs are mellow, sure they are slow but who is always  in the mood to rock N roll?  I'm not.  Sometimes I like it slow and  relaxing.  A very nice cd!! A GREAT INVESTMENT!!
6300215741|5.0|Grant puts on the tux. He looks at women. He is able to make woman swoon from 127 yards out.<br />And to this day, that power will work on the loved-one that you watch this film with. This film is beautiful and clever  in every way, in that it's a romance and a mystery-suspence film at the  same time. Few films are capable of doing so, but a great script(featuring  that oh-so-famous love scene with the fireworks) and wonderful acting pull  it off rather nicely.<br />Grant plays John Robie, &quot;The Cat&quot;, a  famous but reformed jewel thief who is in trouble with the law once again,  due to a sudden rise in jewel theft by somebody who is copying his style  down to the very last step. When the police come to arrest him, he escapes  and ends up on a quest to figure out just who the culprit is.<br />A lot of  Hitchcock's stylish visuals are here. Including another cameo(beginning,  bus scene) and the wonderful love scene that has been mentioned throughout  Tinsel-Town for years. Some standouts include the thefts at the beginning  when all you see is a solitary black cat crawling on the rooftops of  apartments after tennants discover they have been robbed and Grace Kelly's  famous twisting-drive on the road that she was killed on almost twenty  years later.<br />Wonderful addition to any Hitchcock fan's library.  This  film obviously inspired Soderberg and Leonard's OUT OF SIGHT, which came  out last year.<br />Now, if you will excuse me, I have to revive my fiance' as  a result of Mr. Grant's stare.<br />--Matt
B000002TPS|1.0|This CD was Megadeth's attempt at superstardom and it is a pretty weak and lame attempt. The songs are almost pop-rock sounding. There are so many repeated choruses throughout and there aren't really any heavy songs on  here in what used to be the traditional Megadeth style. It is and probably  will always be my least favorite Megadeth CD. Only buy this one if you are  a diehard fan.
0375707972|4.0|I bought this book because it is an Oprah book and it was on the bestseller's list.  I am glad I did.  The story line is like none I have ever read before.  It made me think what I would have done in the subject's  shoes.  It was worth reading.
B000001FFJ|3.0|As you can see, this album carries a lot of 5 star ratings, and I think this is because it is one of Waits's poppiest albums. I love the first 1/3 to 1/2 of the album, but then it starts to sound too conventional, and I  get bored. Some of the things he did here, he did ten times better on Black  Rider. I'd really pick up that one first. I almost think Waits should have  just released the first half of Rain Dogs as an EP and scrapped the rest.
0783211856|5.0|Schindler's List was the most touching, yet heart-wrenching film I have ever seen. The movie left me crying like a complete fool. I had to watch it for history class and it was truly a classic. Nothing compares to the way  this movie made me feel. It really makes a person think how anyone could  have been so cruel to so many people. I give this movie 5 stars and  recommend it to everyone.
B0000024JN|5.0|to listen to this CD. it's so awesome. and DON'T SLEEP UNTIL BROOKLYN!!!!!!!
6302136105|5.0|I think some of the people who wrote some of these other reviews may have had some pretty high expectations of what the film would accomplish. No, it doesn't definitively depict the life and times of the band. Yes, it focuses  primarily on the self-destruction of James D. Morrison. Yes, it's one-sided  (blame the Coursons for that). So what? Get it for the concert scenes  alone, and Val Kilmer's ininmitable performance as Morrison. I'd recommend  reading &quot;Riders on the Storm&quot; by drummer John Densmore (either  before or after seeing the film) to get an idea of what Oliver Stone was  getting at (and also to appreciate the cameo appearances by the likes of  Patricia Kenealy and Densmore himself as &quot;Last Session Sound  Engineer&quot;). Bets of all, get one of the concert videos and check out  the real deal.
B000002KH3|5.0|This album is one of the all time rock n' roll classics.  Eddie is inspired, and this is probably his finest effort.  Check out Guns N' Roses &quot;Appetite for Destruction&quot; for another amazing rock album.
079073804X|4.0|I've waited 25 years to see all the behind the scenes stuff...presented excellently on this edition, however, Warners left out &quot;Regan's first medical exam&quot; and didnt show the complete &quot;Regan's birthday trip  thru Georgetown&quot; both cut from the film-SHAME ON YOU BILLY  FRIEDKIN...Other than that, this is the buy of the year for DVDs. PS why  didnt you include all the radio spots too??????????
B000000OSE|5.0|Almost nine years after it's release, and I'm still discovering the boundless joys of this album.  &quot;Coma&quot; is the greatest rock song ever recorded.  No hard rock collection is complete without this disc.
B000002C4O|5.0|I can't wait to purchase my next one. This is my first Celine Dion CD and I bought it because I wanted &quot;My heart will go on&quot; - theme from Titantic, but once I stared listening to the songs, they are absolutely  fantastic.  I especially like &quot;where is the love&quot;, &quot;miles to  go&quot;, &quot;us&quot;, &quot;to love you more&quot;, and &quot;let's  talk about love&quot;, let's face it I love the entire CD.  Celine has such  a wide range to her singing, she is a exceptionally talented lady, each of  her songs have their own unique sound. She can go from a rap type song in  &quot;treat her like a lady&quot; to a Mariah Carey type song in &quot;Love  is on the way&quot;.  I get goose bumps just listening to her. She puts so  much depth and meaning into each of her songs its amazing.  If you buy this  CD you will not be disappointed and you will definately get your money's  worth and more.  From the first song on this cd to the last you will be so  moved that you can't wait to hear it again.  I just can't say enough about  a truely exceptional album.
B000000OQY|5.0|The lyrics are disturbing, that was kind of the point.  It seems to me they're most disturbing to those people who have something to hide.  The power of this music, this band, to make people confront the most primal  depths of the human soul is undeniable.  And they do it with such tough  vulnerability, time after time, it's just beautiful.  Guns N' Roses have  given the world a gift in the form of music that simply cannot be denied...  if you're brave enough to confront it.
0375707972|4.0|I picked this book up not realizing it was one of Oprah's book club picks. Once I started the book, I couldn't put it down. Mr. Schlink's writing style is unique and refreshing. His perspective and presentation of the  story is detached and without judgement. The tale allows the reader to draw  his/her own conclusion on the subject and it is intellectually provoking. I  look forward to more titles from Mr. Schlink. He is unique. I recommend the  book highly!
0800135954|1.0|This movie demonstrates that beautiful cinematography and otherwise good actors  can be wasted on a banal and cliche ridden plot. What bothers me most about this movie is the messege it delivers: that you don't have to  take responsibility for your actions if you're really &quot;hot&quot;(Brad  Pitt).  This story was written solely for the purpose of displaying Brad  Pitt in a variety of alluring poses and costumes; Brad Pitt the cowboy,  Brad Pitt the pirate/sailor, Brad Pitt the great white hunter, and Brad  Pitt the gangster/ boot legger. What we don't see is Brad Pitt the  responsible husband, father and law abiding citizen. This would be  acceptable if we were'nt expected to sympathise with our hero's  misfortunes. Brad Pitt is a rebel without a cause, whose actions only  result in tragedy for himself and for the people around him.  However the  writers seem to find nobility in this. There is no reason in this movie why  the character is so loved other than his looks.<br />The first twenty minutes  of this movie showed great promise, but it quickly deteriorated into a  muddled hodgpodge of tired Hollywood plot devices. Anthony Hopkins should  really be more selective in the films he decides to be in. The eye patch  and the chalk board were embarrassing. Far from being tragic, the ending  with the bear is comical.<br />The critical acclaim of this movie shows how  easily critics can be impressed by period settings and great  &quot;thespians&quot;(Hopkins) even when the result is disasterous. This  movie has absolutely no redeeming qualities. I reccommend this movie only  to people who have a compelling need to see Brad Pitt without his shirt on.
B000000WGL|5.0|Mick may have been the heart of the Stones but Keith was the balls, and he proves it here with the Green Berets of Rock&amp;Roll: Richards has assembled a formidable group of hand-selected studio veterans including,  arguably, the best ROCK drummer on the planet - Steve Jordan.<br />It's  stripped down, unvarnished, industrial-strength Rock.  The animals are out  of their cages.  Primal.  Tribal.  Witch Doctor Richards.<br />Get any or all  of the Ex-pensive Wino CDs - get out on a highway at night - turn on the  radar detector - crank it up as high as you can - and roll.  It's good.
B0000026WD|5.0|Genius is the word that comes to mind when I think of this cd.  From the emotional single Heal the World, to the electrifying single Jam, this cd will satisfy the soul and the heart.
B000001Y79|5.0|I have been listening to No Doubt for a LONG time now.  I was just reading some of the recent reviews, and I though I'd say that I believe the media is beginning to focus on the band as a whole now, and that &quot;Don't  Speak&quot; is not about the band breaking up.  Anyway, No Doubt is  awesome, and this CD is amazing (in my opinion).  It just shows what great  artists make up this band!  They rock!  And if you don't have their other  two cd's ...I highly recommend you go out and buy them today!
B00000DFRS|5.0|I initially was a little reluctant about buying this new Whitney cd.  I was amazingly surprised when I finally purchased it.  Whitney's voice is just as strong as ever, if not stronger.  From the first track to the last,  this is a must have.
6304139586|5.0|My African American and Native American sons are hooked on Peter Pan.  They wear their Pan and Hook costumes almost every day, fly a pirate flag over their beds and play with toy pirate ships.  They love this version of  Hook because the lost boys look their friends (unlike the all white boys  and racist portrayal of Indians in the Disney cartoon).  I disagree that  ethnic diversity is &quot;politically correct&quot; or &quot;contrived and  cheapening&quot;.  Ethnic diversity simply reflects the reality of our  lives.  When I discovered that Hook was out-of-print I found a copy on  ebay.com
B00000G3BX|5.0|Disney animated movie Mulan, as always represents a step forward in an evolving path of superb and creative touch!....Its scenery, its extraordinary music, and even the message made us all cry at the  end...Don't lose the part when Mulan's father aknowledge his daugter as the  most &quot;Precious gift&quot; of all.  As a Technological guy I really  admire Disney's innovation capabilities!
0800177363|5.0|Very moving, emotional, and a perfect contradiction of today's patient
0375707972|5.0|I read quite a lot about the Holocaust,  most of it is, understandably, from  the victims' perspective. I found it eerie and fascinating to read an account of the  Holocaust atrocities, from a post-war German author. The  book takes a grip on you, causing you to think about the story and it's  meaning weeks after reading it. From a literary point of view, too, the  book is compelling -  the language is austerely beautiful, the way the  sentances are strung together makes the prose seem like stark poetry at  times... I recommend  the book highly, and was very saddened to find that  some readers gave this superb literary accomplishment 1 star - I hope (and  assume) most of them didn't read the book. You should.
6305265488|5.0|This is the first GOOD movie I've seen in a long time that manages to keep out the language, nudity, and violence. Highly Recommended!
6302860253|5.0|This film of the famous and often overplayed, overblown Bizet Opera was fresh and vibrant when it was first released in 1985, and that vibrancy is still present nearly 15 years later.  Migenes protrayal of Carmen has no  parallels...she sings, dances and acts with complete believability and  becomes the character.  Small wonder the french call her the greatest  Carmen since Calv.  Domingo is in good voice and gives a better than  average performance.  Esham is visually a bit bland, but sings beautifully.   Escamillo is fittingly protrayed.  But the film belongs to Migenes with  her multi-faceted protrayal of the most popular role in the operatic  repertoire. For opera lovers, and lovers of good art, this film is a  must!<br />Obviously, Leonard Maltin is out of his league with his review of  this film.  He must have missed the point!
B000002E5J|5.0|This album is one of my alltime favorite of latin music.  I love Estoy Aqui and Te Quiero.  Shakira is really good on this and her newest album.
0060975768|5.0|This is the best book I have read about the vietnam war and agree with General H. Norman Schwarzkopf's recommendation.
B00000DLVA|5.0|I THOUGHT THIS CD WAS IN A WORD...GREAT! TRACKS 1,2,3,AND 6 WERE THE BEST! THE REST WAS GOOD TOO. BUY THIS, YOU WONT REGRET IT!!!!
6304675348|1.0|Honestly, i was hoping that there was a rating lower that one start. That is what this movie would deserve. That is all i have to say.
1558216340|5.0|In The Long Walk by Slavomir Rawicz you will very simply read of the worst humanity has to offer and, thankfully, the best.  Mr. Rawicz and several of his fellow prisoners did the impossible, they escaped from a Siberian work  camp and walked over 4000 miles to freedom.  The Russians under Stalin  persecuted and enslaved many thousands, but these few they could not;  generous Tibetans and Mongolians along the way to freedom shared their  homes and their few possessions without suspicion, helping to keep the  small band alive.  This true story is told in a straightforward, immensely  readable style and is told with great humility by Mr. Rawicz.
B000002UAO|4.0|A pretty decent album for the Beatles. I never liked &quot;Drive My Car&quot;, and &quot;What Goes On&quot; is pretty bad. &quot;Wait&quot; is underrated, as is &quot;Run For Your Life&quot;, which Lennon called one of  the worst songs he ever wrote. Also &quot;Nowhere Man&quot; is a little  overrated. It's still really good.
B00000DC4A|5.0|This is a great album. I think that when you're gone is the best song, but I also like all, specially lier, fearles, c'mon..., getaway and how do you feel tonight. This disk makes me a fan. I buyed it because I know  &quot;when you're gone&quot; and I've been surprised by all the songs. Buy  it, I recomend it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00000I924|5.0|Here is the man, labelled as the best guitarist alive. Do you know who said that? That was Eric Clapton. Here is a piece of evidence to all who doubt it. <br />What pleased me most this time was that he was still  progressing musically, by adopting a new sort of rhythm or beat, unlike  Eric Clapton who is deep into a mature type of music or Jimmy Page who has  never been un-unique anyway. No one would feel funny even a few songs from  this album played in a disco or club but dace to the beat, because they  sound all too new and young for young. <br />On the other hand, the guitar  play he lavishes upon in the album is good enough to make his old fans  smile. The thrilling and unexpected development of his quitar sound is  still there. It's Beckish enogh.<br />It's not gonna be a huge selling album,  because it's not full of pop elements that everybody likes. But for those  who know him, It's a case of &quot;Beck is Back&quot;. That makes us smile.
6300181278|5.0|Bela Lugosi truly does great in his part for Dracula. It has never been challeneged by any new versions. It has an errie silence and atmosphere to it. If you are a horror fan, this one is for you!
6302135621|5.0|This movie has a very interesting plot.  It really is genius on Welles' part.  It is on the edge of being a failure, but Welles' mastery makes it the greatest film of all time.
6302759110|1.0|This is truly HORRIBLE AND EMBARRASING TO BRAM STOKER! It absolutely stunk! Dracula is a blood sucking vampire not a romantic gentleman! If you want a truly errie, and a classical movie get the Bela Lugosi version from  1931. They knew true horror then!
6305226296|5.0|I have seen this video, and you definitely should, too!  If you grew up during the Saturday Night Fever era, this one is for you!  The Bee Gees still fire up the crowd, and bring back wonderful memories!  They still  sound as good as they did &quot;back then&quot;.  You can't help getting on  your feet during this one. It is truly excellent!!!  Thanks Bee Gees for  all the great music and fun you've given our generation!
0606039600|2.0|When I studied philosophy at university, it was exciting and dynamic, and opened my eyes and mind in ways I'd never thought possible. Imagine my disappointment, therefore, when I read this highly-acclaimed work. Having  heard so much about it, I wanted to like it, I really did, but, oh dear.  All I can say is I'm glad Mr Pirsig wasn't one of my university tutors,  for, barring a couple of passages, he succeeds only in turning a wonderful  area of human experience into a cure for insomnia. I'll come back to  'Zen...' again some time in the future and hope for better things, but, for  the time being, I have to consign it to my 'Most Disappointing Books' pile.
B000009DUY|4.0|I first bought this soundtrack before I even saw the movie and didn't like it. But after I saw the movie(which was awesome)I listened to it again and just loved it. The music made me so sad remembering the movie and all the  men that died at Omaha beach. &quot;Hym to the Fallen&quot; is a definite  masterpiece, it gave me a huge feeling of patriotism and it didn't just  make me think of the people who died in WW2 but of the soldiers from the  Revolutionary War to Desert Storm. Buy this CD man!
B0000062S0|3.0|As a Led Zeppelin &amp; related artist enthusiastic fan , I can state that WIC is fine but its too raw(in the bad way) and way too unpolished. It sounds like a bad recording of a live performance. it's not that the songs  here don't sound like Zeppelin , they actually do  , its just that the  recording is awful. Walking into Clarksdale pales next to Robert Plants  solo material and even the Coverdale/Page collaboration . There is no  energy in WIC. I would like to see Robert resume his solo career .I'd  rather hear something along the lines of Pictures at Eleven or Manic  Nirvana instead of this in the future from Plant.
0790740443|5.0|This film tackles the dogmatic dehumanization of the military, extrapolated with futuristic technology. Kurt Russel gives a brilliant performance as an automaton struggling toward human awareness. His ability  to convey a broad range of emotion and turmoil - without words - makes this  film riveting, as his acting enters your awareness at the speed of light,  not sound. The range of nuances the viewer can percieve on his visage  deepen the impact of the emotional growth he experiences so nakedly before  us.Although likely thought of as an action film, I find &quot;Soldier&quot;  an uplifting and hopeful study in the desire of one man, stripped  emotionally bare as a child, to recover a life that he has never known, yet  yearns for.
B000002LKF|2.0|Out of the 10 tracks, only four are worth listening to more than once.  This album is nowhere near as good as Graceland.  That's very disappointing considering all the good Latin sounds Simon could have chosen from.
B000003S5H|5.0|I cannot stop listening to this! The first song is definitely my favorite! Anybody should get this. The music moves your body so much. I got into this after reading Spin's Top 20 Albums of the Year and this is much better that  Lauryn Hill (#1)! Listen to song one - <br />IT  RULES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0060925000|5.0|Although this book is so thick, its so gripping that I could hardly stop reading it once I started. There are so many interesting characters that at the end of the book you would wish you knew more about many of them. Any  reader will fall in love with the characters of this book. The book also  presents a good and authentic picture of India and its culture. But I still  do not agree with Seth's philosophy that any passionate relationship ends  up nowhere.
B000009CEM|5.0|Obsolete is a great album. Combining Burton's awesome vocals, Christian's phat bass lines, Dino's head-crunching guitars, and the never-ending double bass drum assault of Raymond, you have possibly the best album of '98. In  my opinion, Shock, Edgecrusher, Securitron, and Descent are the best songs.  Even if you are not a FF fan, you need this album.
B000002BYD|4.0|This is the second Pearl Jam album that I buy, and the Yield album is far less angrier and raunchier than Ten.  Instead, this has more depth, soul and music than the others I've listened to.  The lyrics never stopped being  interesting, but the band has now made a polished mix of their lyrics and  their sound.  This record you can hear and listen to over and over!  You'll  find something new every time!
B000001C6D|5.0|A classic from the opening Ember's Fire to Deus Misereatur. Amazingly beautiful metal that you can never tire of hearing due to the superbly blended complex layers of sound. Simply amazing, the one album I would not  be without.
0671799320|3.0|The trend toward authorial self-glorification has gone too far when the back cover of a book  reads: 'Daniel Yergin is an authority on world affairs'. What's next? An Expert on Matters Pertaining to the Universe?  <br />Considering his exalted position in the world, this is a remarkably  mediocre book, though there are details worth pondering, such as the irony  of Japan powering its Pearl Harbor raid with oil imported from California.  Worse than that, and more sobering, is the realization that Japan  subjugated Taiwan, China, and other parts of  Asia over the course of four  decades with oil from California. Millions of lives were destroyed, but the  oil spigot was not shut off until July of 1941. Why? Roosevelt did not want  to give Japan a pretext for attacking the East Indies. Yergin relates this  astounding spinelessness without a hint of irony, as though it were a  perfectly good excuse for supplying a fascist power with the means to mass  murder. <br />Yergin misses the boat entirely when it comes to the price drop  of the mid-eighties, claiming the Saudis flooded the market to gain market  share and that George Bush went from place to place as the 'point man' for  the Reagan administration arguing for a price floor for oil. Nonsense.  Ronald Reagan's goal was the destruction of the Soviet Empire, and one of  his key strategies was to take away the Russians' source of hard currency:  the sale of oil. Every one dollar drop in the price of crude deprived the  Soviets of billions of dollars of revenue, revenue that their own  paraplegic of an economy could never hope to generate on its own. If there  was any 'point man' for the administration in the Middle East, it was  William Casey, who guaranteed the Saudis' security against Marxist  revolutionaries and regional dictators like Saddam. In exchange,  the  Saudis flooded the market with oil. This not only deprived the Soviets of  real money, it also gave Americans the equivalent of a tax cut. Is it just  coincidence that the Soviet Union began to collapse just a few months  later? Just coincidence that the US saved the Saudis and Kuwait from the  fourth largest army in the world, when just a few years earlier these same  Arab sheikhs were universally reviled for having us over a barrel? <br />Also  lacking in this very thick book is any serious technical discussion of oil,  theories of exploration, pros and cons of new technologies...In place of  this, there is seemingly endless talk of contracts, and, even more  mind-numbing, negotiation of contracts, interlarded with impertinent  anecdotes about people who wandered in and out of the industry. Yergin  devotes a lot of space to rehashing trivia about Rockefeller and cliches  about Americans and their love of cars, material that has been presented  elsewhere so many times as to be almost common knowledge. In a book that is  ostensibly about oil and money and power, almost nothing is said about the  governments of Europe and their hyper-taxation of oil or what their goals  are and whether they've been attained. One looks in vain for any mention of  the natural gas or propane or diesel or asphalt or plastic industries.  <br />Overall, The Prize resembles a mass of articles from Newsweek and Time:  flaccid, insipid, superficial, slick. This would not surprise me if it were  the work of anyone other than 'an authority on world affairs'.
6304873441|5.0|My family is boycotting the Walt Disney Company, so you can imagine how thrilled I was when I found out that there was a movie playing that I could actually see!  When I first saw it, it left me enraptured.  As soon as I  got home, I phoned my cousins and told them there was this movie they just  HAD to see!  We went together about ten times!  The graphics are stunning,  the songs are even better!  Who really CARES if the history's not accurate?   It's not supposed to be.  I mean, some people are acting like it was  advertised, &quot;Accurate history movie about the Russian  Revolution&quot;.  It wasn't.  so, take my advice and see this movie!  Buy  it! Show it to you kids, cousins, the boy next door, ect.
B000002H97|3.0|This is their first selling out. Changing producer, making songs shorter and sound slippery, they might have been satisfied. But where the hell are the anger, power and directness? They got popular and lost core fans. I am  not saying this is waste or things like that. But it is like losing a good  friend and getting big flirt instead. I miss their old 80s style.
6304994540|5.0|&quot;The Dude&quot; appreciates the simple things in life:  beer, bowling, baths, beverages, and clean rugs.  This becomes obvious in the movie when The Dude's main concern while being kidnaped becomes keeping his  beverage upright.<br />If you like creative, fun, and semi-politically  incorrect movies, then you'll love this one.  My friends can stop quoting  it.
6305265488|5.0|'Ever After' was so delightful! I loved it! Drew Barrymore was so wonderful in it! She played Danielle perfectly and I just couldn't wait until she ended up with Prince Henry. The story was so real...unlike the  fairy tale version. I loved it
0783221622|1.0|The worst thing ever to be shown at the cinema. I puked in my pants and had to go naked home. I almost froze to death, cause I had to walk 20 miles. Don't watch this film - if not for your own sake, do it for me!
1573220485|2.0|An overpraised book that owes much to Lord of the Flies, which is better written, more concise, and more profound, even after 40 years. Garland throws all his energy into setting up a few good violent scenes (especially  the climax), but character isn't his strong point. Also, the beach  community that Garland invents is hardly appealing, even at first glance.  None of these fun-loving tourists has much fun; they don't even seem to  like one another. All they do is smoke dope, play soccer occassionally, and  fish. Richard, the main character, doesn't have one romantic interlude  throughout the book (a 6-month span). Doesn't anybody have sex in this  community? The American pop-culture references, which weigh down each  paragraph of the book, in the end become vapid, repetitious, and tiresome.  Same with the trippy dream sequences. The book just doesn't have much  substance. Maybe the movie will be better.
B000002L9J|5.0|Morrissey's lyrics are absolutely wonderful with unparalleled emotional power. Combined with the music of Johnny Marr, this is truly one of the most sterling recordings in music history.
6305265488|5.0|It's a sad story but ends very happy. Good movie for people of all ages, especially women. Everyone should see it. It will truly touch your heart.
B000002KFJ|5.0|FROM THE FIRST THRUST OF TONY IOMMI'S POWER CRUNCH IN &quot;HOLE IN THE SKY&quot; TO THE MORBIDLY BEAUTIFUL DEATH KNELL  RIFFING OF &quot;THE WRIT&quot;, THIS IS ONE METALLIC MASTERPIECE THAT NO TRUE BELIEVER SHOLUD  BE WITHOUT.  IN ONE SENTENCE: OZZY AT HIS ZENITH.  'NUFF SAID.
0790701251|5.0|An interesting kubrick war movie! Although I feel the 'Paths of Glory'  earlier war classic is better because the theme there is universal this  Vietnam movie is a classic and definitely worth having and  seeing. The  sense one gets is that kubrick is an angry director in this  production.  Angry at what? The U.S.? War? I cannot really put my finger  on it. There  is a lot of swearing with the bad taste evident at times. An  excellent  first half brilliantly thought out. Some brilliant war scenes  in the  second half probably not found in any other similar movie. There  are flaws  in the script however especially in the second half. The  interviews are  out of place. The introspection over the dead or dying  again out of place.  The Mickey Mouse march at the end makes too obvious  a statement. Despite  all this I give the movie a five because it is  kubrick, because he shot  all this in England and because despite the let  down kubrick makes you  think.
B000002H6C|5.0|it has some of the best metallica songs ever mad
B000003BE4|5.0|Out of Our Heads to this day remains to be one of my own personal favorite Stones albums. From the very first song, a cover version of Don Covay's &quot;Mercy Mercy&quot; to the last song &quot;One More Try&quot;, Out Of  Our Heads is truly one of the original Rolling Stones great albums. The  album also contains some true classic Jagger/Richard compositions such as  &quot;The Last Time&quot; and their bona fide masterpiece &quot;(I Can't  Get No) Satisfaction&quot;. From beginning till end Out Of Our Heads  contains great cover versions as well as original compositions. One of the  strongest albums the Rolling Stones have ever made.
0780622553|5.0|Every aspect of this movie is perfect. The story:  Keeps you on the edge of your seat and mind racing trying to solve the mystery along with the protagonist. The acting: All of the characters were done very well. The  Photography and FX: Breathtaking, innovative camera placement The Sound:  Awesome sound FX and soundtrack
6302799066|5.0|Along with &quot;Paths of Glory&quot; the two most important war movies ever made. The brilliant late director approaches and critiques war from a different viewpoint here. In &quot;Paths of Glory&quot; he exposes the  hypocrisy and insincerity of human nature. In &quot;Dr. Strangelove&quot;  he exposes the madness and ingenuity of it. In doing so he is writing  history because it is the right movie at the right time, the sixties and  full blown cold war. It is comforting that kubrick's predictions have not  come true. But then the danger of global thermonuclear war is still around.  Sellers is excellent and so are Hayden and Scott. Madness, genius, irony,  sarcasm, philosophy, and kubrick's trademark artistic workmanship are mixed  together throughout the narration. Arguably this film contains the most  amazing climax of any movie. Only Spielberg and his fantasy worlds come  close. Buy it, watch it , treasure it.
6305263248|3.0|The film was a bit slow - but the shooting scenes and car chases were great. It's a relatively bloody flick - I'm glad I rented it and didn't buy it.
0790705141|5.0|Some say this is the beginning of the end of the late director's brilliant moviemaking career. The script is obviously weak. King and his books are partly to blame for I think that most of them do not transfer well to the  screen. Probably a bad choice on kubrick's part. A bad script put to the  screen in an artistic way the way only kubrick could. A masterfully  executed movie but the script cannot drive it. Many of the scenes are  visually and emotionally neutral for example the 'blood out of the  elevator' scenes which fail to arouse terror. The best part is probably the  last from the flashback in the ballroom onwards. Despite all this it is  worth having and seeing for it is a piece of art like any of kubrick's  productions. A five because it is a piece of art.
B00000G3PA|5.0|Believe the hype. This film will make you laugh, cry, buy a telescope and start drilling for oil. Buscemi and Billy Bob are brilliant, the effects are crispy (talk about jagged edge - who designed the asteroid?) and Bear's  singing is outstanding. If this film doesn't make you want to sign up to be  an astronaut, then I guess you are one already. Moral of the tail, you  don't need brains to have the right stuff and if the world is going to end,  borrow loads of money and spend it on lap dancers.
6304490119|3.0|For a movie that gets one thinking about &quot;where did we come from&quot;, this one does a good job.  From the opening theme music to the final closing, this movie keeps one engaged.<br />James Spader's portrayal of  the &quot;geeky nerd&quot; is excellent.  I can't imagine anyone else doing  that role.<br />Kurt Russell &quot;overdid&quot; things in his role.  While he  did a good job as a burned-out Air Force Colonel &quot;in mourning&quot;, I  think he could've &quot;toned down&quot; things a bit.  I also think the  overt &quot;anti-gun&quot; theme in his role was a bit much, similar to the  overt &quot;anti-smoking&quot; theme in the observatory crash scene in  &quot;Deep Impact&quot;.  Quite frankly, I tire of todays movies being  propaganda machines for &quot;Political Correctness&quot; and similar  drivel.<br />The effects are top-notch, especially the &quot;Stargate  travel&quot; scenes.  Coupled with a very loud soundtrack (not irritating,  mind you - just slightly &quot;overdone&quot;) gives my Home Theater system  a good workout.<br />All in all, this is a great &quot;Saturday Afternoon  Movie-fest&quot; entry.<br />I have BOTH the Laserdisc and DVD of this movie  (I received the DVD as a Christmas present) and I have to say the DVD  &quot;has the edge&quot; in picture clarity AND soundtrack quality.  There  are &quot;things you don't hear&quot; with the Laserdisc soundtrack that  you hear on the DVD soundtrack, specifically in the area of  &quot;background noise&quot;.  Otherwise, if you already have the  Laserdisc, you don't have to run out and get the DVD.<br />Finally, the DVD I  have is a &quot;flip-disc&quot;.  I understand this was one of the FIRST  DVDs to be released.  However, I'm dismayed I have to flip it like the  Laserdisc.  Oh well, one can't &quot;always have everything&quot;, right?
6305108153|5.0|&quot;Halloween&quot; is a suspensful, edge of your seat thrill ride.  This film isn't just a teen slasher film, it actually had a substantial plot!  John Carpenter's directing &amp; music made &quot;Halloween&quot;  scary.  Shots with just one branch amd the hair on that white mask is  ingenius!  RENT IT!! BUY IT!!  I LOVED IT!!
B00000G3PA|3.0|This movie, hastily released to the theaters after &quot;Deep Impact&quot;, demonstrates the desperation of a movie studio and the essence of &quot;I can do this too, and better!&quot; attitude of modern  movie copyism!  Unfortunately, this movie FAILS to evoke the meaningful  thinking and emotional impact of &quot;Deep Impact&quot;.<br />Next, there are  a number of TECHNICAL ERRORS associated with the movie:<br />  1) Liquid  oxygen (LOX) IS NOT &quot;rocket fuel&quot; by itself - it's only an OXYGEN  SOURCE for REGULAR FUEL like gasoline, kerosene, liquid hydrogen, etc.<br />   2) Unlike water, LOX IS NON-CONDUCTIVE! therefore, if any were to leak on a  live electrical circuit, NO &quot;SPARKING&quot; WOULD OCCUR!<br />  3) At the  speeds suggested by the movie for the &quot;quick&quot; moon trip, the  shuttles WOULD NOT have enough fuel to maintain a constant thrust profile,  much less have enough to circle the moon, &quot;chase down&quot; the  asteroid, land, then take-off again (assuming they survived the  landing).<br />  4) An asteroid &quot;only&quot; 97 miles across would have  NEAR-ZERO gravitational attraction.  Even using a &quot;thruster  augmentation&quot; suit as portrayed in the movie, &quot;a wrong step&quot;  will still send the occupant flying into space.<br />  5) The &quot;Evel  Knievel&quot; armadillo sequence was LUDICROUS! there's no way it would've  survived even a &quot;minor&quot; impact with the asteroid projections,  much less &quot;sailed away&quot; over the chasm like it did.<br />There are  other glaring scientific errors in this movie.  Unfortunately, the writers,  directors, etc. preferred &quot;flash and glitz&quot; over any sense of  accuracy or believability.<br />Therefore, if all you want is a &quot;special  effects extravaganza&quot; movie with a loud soundtrack, this is the movie  for you.
6303421563|5.0|Very well done in every way
B00000DMJF|5.0|this album is probably my favorite rock album of all time.  that said, I say to you, Kelly Keeling:  you may call yourself a singer, songwriter, producer, or what-not, but you are obviously seriously handicapped in terms  of spelling.  This makes you appear to be an ignoramus, and therefore your  opinion carries litle if no weight with anyone with any moderate level of  intelligence and education.  I shudder to think of what your lyrics must be  like considering your appalling use of the English language.  Thank you.
6303269869|5.0|For some unknown reason this movie has really spoken to me since I first saw the trailer for it in theaters.  I remember seeing it on the day it was released into theaters with my sister and then seeing it another five or  six times before it left the theaters...a bit extreme, I know, and  something I NEVER do!  Finally, it was released to video and I think I  rented it enough times to have bought it several times over.  I now own it  and I am sure I will eventually have to replace a worn copy of it!   <br />There is something touching about this movie.  Andy Garcia and Meg Ryan  play a couple obviously in love, with two adorable children, dealing with  alcoholism and the effects it has on a relationship.  The movie manages to  bring in humor and romance with a realistic look at the damages done by  this disease.  <br />I have a lot of favorite movies that I like to watch over  again but I haven't come close to watching any of them as many times as  I've seen this movie.   In fact, this is the one movie that I can recite  line by line!
B000002OVJ|5.0|Not only the greatest live album ever recorded, it's The Who best record! What are you waiting to buy it, you sch-----?! Without it you're nothing!
1573226521|5.0|Very disturbing account of what happens when earthly possessions are stripped away. When all we have are our basic instincts and the nightmare of dealing with your consequences. One of the smartest books along with  &quot;A secret History&quot; by Donna Tartt. A definite must read. This  book will stay with you long after you've finished. Hopefully Hollywood  won't botch the film. I definitely recommend it to anyone who is fascinated  with human nature.
B000002OX5|4.0|This revised version is like having a bonus cd for the original. The Who Sell Out already was my favorite Who album, but I think the new part is almost better! But there is a &quot;but&quot;. The old part sounds very  different to the original version -in a very bad way. It has lost an I-  don't- know- what emotional quality and effect provided by the sound  engineering, the reverberation... etc., so it doesnt, I don't know, make  me feel like before. Something was lost. The remix downgraded a five star  album to a four star, but only for those who have heard the disc before. If  this is the first time you hear the album, you would like to give it six  stars!
0930073193|5.0|Economics is over-simplified in typical history courses and over-analyzed in economics courses.  As a result, most Americans are misinformed of complex economics issues.  Anyone interested in getting to the heart of  economics should start with this book.  After 50 years, Hazlitt is still  right on target.
0767802659|3.0|This is one of the best DVD's around.  Unlike some DVDs, this one utilizes all six audio channels actually sorrounding you in sound.  Other DVDs don't use all six channels which makes the sound seem &quot;flat&quot; or not  dimensional.  The visual effects are awesome  and warrant repeated  veiwings. The plot is effective and the performances could be better, but  those are minor points.  These great special effect,sci fi types of movies  showcase what DVD can do.
0790739909|5.0|I had no idea what this movie would be like but I loved it!  Meg Ryan is like a breath of fresh air in this film: less chatter and more poise.  Nicholas Cage looked like he does in all of his movies : dark and handsome.   The story is based on another movie I have never seen and do not care to  see.  I recommend City of Angels for what it has to offer: superb acting,  incredible photography, fantastic sound track and an ending which might  appear sad and unfair but not a total loss.  This is no run of the mill  love story but have the tissue box handy!
6305265666|5.0|I loved this movie! What a love story! This movie can be viewed by anyone regardless of age. Barrymore is wonderful and so is Dougray Scott.  I'll never get tired of watching this movie.  A definite must have for your DVD  collection.
B000006045|5.0|Beautiful vocals, creative instrumentals, versatility, total seduction. This is my favorite group since Single Gun Theory.
6303109950|5.0|Tombstone movie is beyond words, a truly must see movie. But you had to be there to really understand, and we were there, Doc/Hamp &amp; Kate/me. and &quot;that's real&quot;. Love ya DOC.
6301016289|4.0|This movie is great, so long as you keep in mind the decade that it portrayed - the 80's. A decade of dog eat dog, greed, and get rich quick schemes. But we are now approaching a new era - the 21st Century or Y2K.  Success is now defined not so much in monetary terms, but in personal  victories, nurturing ethics and values and building relationships, not  tearing them down. Readers are encouraged to check out a book review by  this same author, on a book titled &quot;Accelerated Learning for the 21st  Century&quot; by Colin Rose and Malcolm J.Nicholl.
0780622545|4.0|Strong in story and plot, weak on characters, Dark City is a triumph considering today's mundane choice of genX and couples comedies.  The story reminds of a Rod Serling twilight zone twist.  This piece of sci-fi is sure  to be talked about for a long time to come.  Only hitch: the aliens look  exactly like the cenobites from &quot;Hellraiser&quot; fame.
0385474547|4.0|The historical fiction novel, Things Fall Apart by Chinua Achebe, is a story about life within one of Africa's many tribal groups.  Achebe writes of his culture's rich heritage, and how it was affected by the coming of  the Europeans imperialists.  The title of the book sums up the theme very  well, about how the African way of life was disrupted by European conquest,  and eventually fell apart.  His simple writing style makes the book easy to  read, but his use of Ibo language and phrases makes it interesting and  unique.<br />Although Chinua Achebe's method of writing may have been very  simple and bland at times, it was generally very effective.  His knowledge  of both Ibo and English language and literature is very apparent, and he  manages to mix both very well into a wonderful story.  His strong feelings  against the imperialization of his home are widely expressed, but he  manages to remain passive, with little real anger ever becoming  obvious.<br />Achebe uses a very simple and `matter-of-fact' style of writing,  which proves very effective in describing people, places, and objects.  He  is able to create vivid scenes in the reader's mind with few, if any,  adjectives.  Often, more time is spent on explaining someone's or  something's importance in society, rather than what it looks, sounds, or  feels like.  Personal achievements also seemed to be held in regard, rather  than personality depth of character.  Okonkwo, the main character in the  novel, is first introduced among his famous feats, such as his skill at  wrestling, rather than with his appearance.<br />Throughout the novel, Achebe  includes short phrases and words in his native language of Ibo.  This adds  an interesting cultural flavor to the story, and serves to create a more  realistic setting.  For example, contempt for weak males in the society was  shown by their being called agbala, or woman.  Also, words which have no  English translation are written in Ibo, and then described to their roughly  English equivalent.  An obi, which was a circular hut, was one such  word.<br />According to scholars who have read and studied Achebe's work, the  novel is -- culturally and historically --very accurate.  His explanation  of social status are very thorough, and include everyone and everything:  from the highest village elders to the the locusts that fly in only once  every several years.  The roles of men and women are made very clear:  nothing in such an African society was ever out of its place.   Unfortunately for all of us, European empires sought out the lands and  riches of Africa, and the culture has been declining ever since.
B000002UJQ|5.0|One wonders how radiohead's label had the misplaced courage to deny Thom his desired double cd album. This may have been a good thing, since the concentrated syrup consistency of OK Computer needs a couple of years to  digest. Just about now in fact (early 1999) we are ready for the second  helping. Lucky then that we saved room for more as their new album will be  more of the same+. Sure for those like myself who got peckish we had Airbag  to snack on, but the punters who have other groups to listen to will relish  a second chance at OK Computer.
0312952813|2.0|The problem I had with this book was that I just couldn't make myself care about the case Harry was working on.  Found myself skimming and skipping pages to get to the end.  After reading and enjoying all of Connelly's  Harry Bosch stories, I was surprised that this one was so uninteresting.   I'm glad this was the last in the series that I read.  If it had been the  first, I doubt I would have wanted to read his other books.  And that would  have been a big loss.
0800199421|2.0|Did the makers of ID4 consult on this film?  It sure seemed liked they did. This movie had so many rediculous, stupid scenes in it, it was almost comical. I know playing the president of the United States is a great  character to portray, but Harrison Ford should really be more critical of  the scripts he accepts.  The scene where the presidnent's secretary is  floating down in her parachute has got to be one of the most ludicrous  shots ever captured on film. This is an action film, however it's just a  really stupid action film. Sappy, confusing, melodramatic, and rediculous  are just a few words that describe  this movie. Oldman, Close, and some  good  character actors are horribly wasted. Great premise, awful film.
B00000F1D3|1.0|Cher's talent has reached new lows with BELIEVE.  All of her songs have the same cheezy techno beat that only a burnt out disco freak could appreciate.  With a little bit of talent and creativity (obviously lacking  here) she could have made a far more enjoyable and worthwhile album.  The  only reason her CD got one star is because NONE was not an option.
6305265488|5.0|I FOUND THIS MOVIE TO BE AN EXCELLENT PROTRAYAL OF CINDERALLA, AND BELIEVE THAT DREW BARRYMORE DID AN OUTSTANDING JOB PLAYING THE ROLE. I WAS IMPRESSED WITH THE FACT THAT IT WAS NOT A TYPICAL CHEESY LOVE STORY THAT  HOLLYWOOD SEEMS TO FAVOUR THESE DAYS. BUT I WAS DISAPPOINTED THAT NO  SOUNDTRACK HAS BEEN ISSUED FOR THE MOVIE. THERE IS A SONG THAT IS USED IN  THE ADVERTISEMENT ON TV THAT I AM LOOKING FOR. IF ANYONE KNOWS OF THE NAME  PLEASE WRITE A REVIEW ISSUING THE NAME OF THE SONG.<br />PIERREA.K.A.KNIGHT
0790734060|5.0|This film is a morality tale about talent and how people with talents use (and misuse) them.  The story is seen through the eyes of Antonio Salieri, court composer to Austrian Emperor Joseph II (excellently portrayed by  Jeffrey Jones).  Salieri has prayed to God all his life for the gift of  being able to bring God's presence to people through music.  In his rage at  realizing that he doesn't have this gift, he fails to realize that God has  given him some extraordinary gifts.  One is the ablilty realize that God  can become present to people through music.  Another is the ability to  recognize that gift when he hears it.  (To his chagrin, that gift lies in a  vulgar, conceited little man called Mozart.)  The third gift Gid gives  Salieri is placing him in a position where he can help Mozart recognize  this gift and bring it out as purely as possible.<br />Tragically, instead of  recognizing and using these gifts, Salieri rebels against God and his  &quot;creature&quot; Mozart and comspires to defeat them both.  F. Murray  Abraham won a well-deserved Oscar for his portrayal of a man split between  enraged jealousy and awestruck reverence for Mozart's music.  Tom Hulce is  also excellent as the quite ordinary young man who just happens to be a  musical genius such as the world has never seen before or since.  As  conceited as he is, even he doesn't appreciate his own genius to the extent  that Salieri does.<br />Great film!  Highly recommended!
0783231032|4.0|i think this is a cool moive that i dont hear about as much. it was very funny. i've seen it 3 times,once on regular video an twice on video but the widescreen dir.cut. i think this oe might be better. i highly recommond it.  buy it!!
0871137380|5.0|This book rivals &quot;A Civil Action&quot; and &quot;Friday Night Lights&quot; in its compelling novelization of a true story. Even readers with little interest in military writing will likely be enthralled by the  sheer excellence of Mr. Bowdens reporting. This is no Tom Clancy novel; but  rather an unflinching depiction of the complexity, horror and bravery  inherant to any deployment of American ground forces at century's end. Yet,  for all it's vivid and intimate recitation of the actual events, the book's  most disquieting aspect is perhaps it's singularity: that it is the sole  attempt thus far at a definitive account of the largest American firefight  since Vietnam. Despite it's many practical lessons for the U.S. Armed  Services and it's cautionary influence upon U.S. military policy, this  battle has been otherwise forgotten by the American public. As such,  &quot;Black Hawk Down&quot; should be required reading for all those who  would render opinion on current or future conflicts (Iraq, Kosovo et al).  The verisimilitude, seeming fairness and general excellence of this book  should come as no surpise to those familiar with Mr. Bowden's  &quot;Bringing The Heat&quot;; to this reader(and devout 'Niners fan), the  single best football book ever written!
630451087X|4.0|this movie was odd an great. at first i was like what am i wacthing? then at the end i was like whoa!!!! thats some crazy s***!! i loved it. an i can see how ppl say it is like a masterpiece painting.it was like a  beatiful,scary,fun dream all at once. an i'm glad i can take it agian an  agian. check this movie out, it's a trip.(plus look for marilyn MANSON as a  porno star! that kicked a**!!)
B000007T1M|5.0|SOAD is the best of it's ilk and anybody who doesn't know this is musically retarded! They are the most original and exciting band around. Listen to songs like &quot;Sugar&quot;, &quot;Suite Pee&quot;, and  &quot;P.L.U.C.K&quot; and you'll see.
B0000026WD|5.0|This isnt my first time listening to this CD, I been listening to it ever since 91, when it first came out. Thats Whats great about Michael's music is that you can take something he did from decades ago and it wuill still  sound fresh and talented. <br />  Michael Jackson's Dangerous is his change  from the 80s to 90s and he does it in style. This CD is mostly R&amp;B, And  almost every song is about a girl. So I don't know why people thinks hes  gay if all he writes about is females.<br /> Micahel jackson is a brilliant  song writer, people should stop judging him and start judging his  music.Pick up his 95' album HIStory past pesent and future CD along with  this one. And you will see why he has sold more than a billion records  world wide.
6302732778|5.0|The movie follows a loose translation of the book but tells a story worth watching if you are a sci fi freak or just a casual movie watcher. The scenes are dark and rainy and overwhelm the mood of deckard. <br />The world  seems to be sick and tired and overcrowded in the future of bladerunner and  seems to parallel the sickness and tiredness of the characters who arer  either physically dying from a preprogrammed genetic illness, or dying from  a a poisoned conscience.<br />As the story progresses, Deckard, who doesnt  seem to want to really be alive, depressed over his divorce and an  unsatisfying carrer choice, begins to sppreciate his chance to live, while  the replicants led by Roy Batty (rutger Hauer)who only want to live are  forced to kill to do so.<br />And in the end they die too. Well someone  lives,but you never know how long. Who does?
6305169187|1.0|For one who enjoyed Die Hard and Mr. Willis as an actor I will no longer seek out his films as most of his current films are all special effects with no plot, lines, acting. Seems like all positive RATTINGS were desire  for reomantic association with a character. Film was trash. I'll watch  reruns of ALIEN OR 2001.
B0000009SG|5.0|For the uninitiated, this disc is a must listen along with it's (sort of) companion disc, &quot;Overnight Sensation&quot; which is from the same era and more or less the same band.  Non-Zappa fans who are only familiar with  radio friendly stuff like &quot;Valley Girl&quot; will be surprised to  learn that Frank was an incredibly gifted musician, one of the finest rock  guitarists who ever bent a string (faster than a speeding van halen, able  to leap prone hendrixes at a single bound) and was backed by arguably the  best ensemble(s) ever assembled.  Oh yes, you'll laugh, but you'll also get  a good idea of why guitarists the world over consider FZ a top-of-the-line  guitar god.
B000002HMH|2.0|I have to say, I was disappointed with this album, I only like maybe 2 of the songs included on it.  I really prefered the &quot;older&quot; Metallica.  It really doesn't compared to Cd's like &quot;And Justice for  All&quot; or &quot;Master of Puppets&quot;.
6305107122|5.0|Simply put, the best Horror movie ever made. This movie is the originator of the &quot;slasher&quot; films, before Freddy, before Jason, there was Michael Myers. Full of suspense, Halloween keeps you on the edge of your  seat, never knowing when Michael is going to strike. Even better than The  Exorcist.
0780624890|5.0|Blade was truly a gift to the comicbook to film industry.Whith such crapy inserts like the last two Batman flicks and Steel, Blade really measures up.  For one thing its good to see Snipes in an action role again and the  story was top notch for an acton/horror film.  With a sequal already in the  works one can only hope that future film makers will look at Blade and see  how to make a comicbook movie right
6303187064|5.0|What made this Movie so great was the true nature of the story of eternal love.  I feel that is what has captivated the people who have seen this film.  The sequal is a far cry from this one, though a third film is in the  works which has already been casted and sounds like it will measure up to  the original film.  The film itself would have been longer containing  scenes of a scull cowboy who as well as the crow help the hero on his  journey of revenge.The reason these scenes were cut out was that the  director felt they were too morbid whith Bandon Lee's death.  The film was  truly a masterpiece and should be used as a baseline for all comicbook  films in the future
0783228570|5.0|Al Pacino has made many mob films eg. The Godfather, Calito's Way, etc. none of these films or any other mob film can come even close to this masterpiece by Brain de Palma. &quot;The World is yours.........&quot;
6304331185|5.0|This is one of the best suspense movies ever done... great writing, great acting... A must see
0783232039|5.0|This movie was the best movie ever...
0393312836|4.0|This is a good book; however, it does help if the reader has an extensive Russian vocabulary.  Talking to peers and reading criticism, I've yet to find anyone else who has realized that his &quot;made-up&quot; language is  realy just phonetic russian translaions (ie. korova-cow,  mesto-place/location, moloko-milk, bog-god, mozg-brain/center, peet-to  drink, horrorshow-good, ect.)  Why hasn't anyone else noticed?  I'm afraid  that to get the true essence of the book I've had to keep my Russian  dictionary with me at all times, and as a result, the reading has been  rather slow.
6303443214|5.0|The cinemetography alone is worth the price for this video.  Kristin Dunst stole the show right out from under both Brad Pitt and Tom Cruise.  All in all, a *very* successful book-to-screen translation of the Rice novel. The  movie is a visual treat, and the soundtrack is lovely as well (except for  that awful cover of 'Sympathy for the Devil.')
0441172717|5.0|I know you've heard this before, but Dune is the best science fiction book of all time.  The first time I read it, it was difficult to read, yet well worth the effort.  The size of the glossary at the back of the book may  scare off some readers, but how can you truly portray a galactic empire  thousands of years in the future without such complexity?       The  characters are still recognizably human, given that their societies are so  different from ours.  We can still relate to them, even if one is on the  edge of becoming a &quot;messiah&quot;.  Herbert incorporates religious and  political (and even ecological) issues in his works which many SF writers  dissmissively ignore.  Once you've read this, you'll probably enjoy the  rest of the series.     About the movie: I'm willing to forgive David Lynch  for a lot, simply because the movie exists.  He had most of the plot  elements, and most of the characters were done well (I don't like his  version of the Baron).  The movie was sadly incomprehensible to most who  hadn't read the book, and fans of the book were overly critical of the  movie.
0441172717|4.0|This book isn't bad, however, it doesn't have the edge that some of the other classics have. The main attraction of Dune, is its characters and setting. I have to admit the plot gets monotonious and hard to read at  times. The main reason that I didn't give five stars, was because the  unreal change that Paul goes through to become prophet. He changes his  personality, and thus the quality of the book (for the worse),
B00000I924|4.0|&quot;Who Else&quot; confirms my suspicion that JB is the best guitarist alive.  Like most of his releases it is a little uneven.  The first seven tracks are absolutely amazing - JB's playing ranges from beautifully  lyrical to brutal, machine-gun style power chords - especially on the evil  &quot;Space for the Papa.&quot;  This is an extremely nasty song; I've  never heard guitar playing that angry, or stunning.  Despite the fact that  a guy playing rock guitar instrumentals has become an anachronism, JB keeps  the CD fresh by bo~ the CD fresh by borrowing rhythms and synth/sampling  techniques from dance music.  It really works, especially because of the  excellent production and the &quot;upfront&quot; mixing of Jeff's guitar.   The last three or four tracks are throwaways - the Beck/Hammer  collaboration goes nowhere and &quot;Declan&quot; is smarmy new age stuff  which belongs on the soundtrack for &quot;Riverdance.&quot;  But let's face  it, if you like JB and/or you play the guitar, then you must buy this CD.  It's riveting.
B000001FO4|5.0|This one barely edges out their own &quot;Long Cold Winter&quot; as the best 80's rock album.  A must have.
6300151379|5.0|This will always be a classic!  I've loved this movie since I first saw it as a kid, and I love it even more as an adult. I recommend to anyone who has a taste for the fantastical, beautiful, and sublime.
6302054982|5.0|Scorsese's masterpiece, and the highlight of his career, follows Henry Hill, a real life gangster, through his life in the mafia.  Compelling because of it's reality and truthfullness, this excellent piece of cinema  creates a real world, THE real world of small time member of the Cosa  Nostra.  Starting as a teenager, Henry Hill (Liotta) always wanted to be a  gangster.  Teamed up with De Niro, Pesci, Sorvino, and Lorraine Bracco,  Liotta delivers the performance of his career and tells the real story,  adapted from Nichols Pileggi's novel WISE GUY, of Henry Hill.
0060174900|3.0|This book should be read in sequence (or parallel) with The Atom Station (by Halldor Laxness), and maybe along with The Unreality Industry. Why? Because, gripping and chilling as it is, it offers no clear insight into why the woman was isolated, but leaves one with the feeling that it was the disease of society, the isolation of a weak person in the megalopolis. The evidence of her instability was not shown in the early part of the book, where she appeared 'normal' and then slipped into insanity.
6304025831|5.0|Martin Scorsese once again proves that true stories make the best movies.  An excellent companion piece to GOODFELLAS, Casino tells the story of Sam &quot;Ace&quot; Rothstein, an oddsmaker for local mob chiefs, who is  recruited to run the Tangiers Hotel and Casino.  Bringing the mob to Vegas  works out in the beginning, until Joe Pesci and Sharon Stone turn up the  heat.  Told with no holds-barred truth and brutality, Casino  is incredibly  acted and directed by De Niro, Pesci, and Stone.  Excellent supporting  roles are also delivered by James Woods, Frank Vincent, and Don Rickles.
0385474547|5.0|I really enjoyed reading the book &quot;things fall apart&quot;, but it was really sad when Okonkwo killed himself. i think that the missionaries should have stayed out of Nigeria and minded their own buisness. They may  think that they are doing good, but many of the natives dont believe in  god, so the missionaries should leave after as few days if they cant  attract customers, instead of staying there and causing trouble. But  overall, it was exellent, and i give it a ten out of ten.
0792839676|5.0|i have this movie and think that sissy spacek is terrific as the shy, sheltered, slighlty scary, teen.  Piper Laurie gives an oscar worthy perfomance as Margaret White, the deranged, obsessed, slightly, okay not  slightly, absolutely warped mother...would watch again and again
6304100507|5.0|It is great especially the chiwawa hes hilariuos but i give the movie a double thumbs up( if i had more thumbs id raise them all!).
6304697961|5.0|As I watched this movie, it was the first horror movie I seen as a child, it brought back memories. Jamie Lee Curtis portrayal of the slightly dim Lauri Strode was great.  With a mother like Janet Leigh, what would you  expect. For anyone looking for a slasher flick, I would recommend Halloween  1 and 2 and the new H2O.
0670880728|5.0|Forget deep meaning, sometimes you just want to have a rip-roaring good time when you read a book.  As a twenty-something single woman, I also saw (too) much of myself in this woman's daily struggles to lose weight, find a  man, and stay sober!
0684833395|5.0|I have read this book maybe 8 or 10 times. And I thing I'll read this book many more times.    My best part is about Snowden. Its shows that war meaningless.   Dead man will lose, who survive wins.
1567407757|1.0|This book was extremely disappointing.  There was nothing new or inspirational that hasn't been captured in countless cliches - and the entire focus of the book was on the author, not the teacher.  Where was  Mitch for 20 years?  How meaningful is a relationship that was academic in  its beginning, on hiatus for 20 years, and subject for a book in the last  few weeks?  This is not a lesson in living &amp; dying - it's an example of  selfishness and how to make money under the guise of enlightening other  people and romanticizing death. If you must read it, at least get it from  the library.
0784010218|5.0|Dirty Dancing is my all-time favorite movie!  Patrick Swayze is soooooo sexy, and he's a wonderful actor and dancer as well.  However, I wish he would do more movies like Dirty Dancing and Three Wishes instead of ones  like Black Dog. Anyway, this movie is a must see for anyone who...well, for  anyone who hasn't seen it yet! =)
076781214X|5.0|Peggy Sue got Married is a great film. It touches us all, because everyone has a memory of what their life was when they were kids that is (usually unrealistically) pleasant. We tend to toss out the bad memories and hold on  to those that were good ones, or we embellish them with our fantasy of the  way it should have been. It is kind of like going to heaven and being able  to live our life over again the way we would have liked to in the first  place. This is the feeling I got from the movie. &quot;Browsing the past  and taking with us only the best parts&quot; (or something like that) as  Peggy's grandmother said to her. It is a fantasy that would be very  wonderful when we do die. Maybe God will give us a chance to live in a  world that exhilirates us rather than the sometimes unpleasant one we have  to live with.
0375707972|5.0|I have read many books about the Holocaust and certainly rate this among the best. I found it simultaneously gripping, thought-provoking and moving.
B000001GXL|5.0|I don't know a thing about classical music but happen to have several CD's with different performances of Beethoven's piano concertos, this is by far the best. The technical skill and emotion of Michelangeli's playing has yet  to be surpassed. From a technical (recording) point of view this CD is also  superb.
044022165X|3.0|The Rainmaker is as good as any of Grisham's books, but unfortunately that is where the problem lies.<br />It was still just the same old Grisham.  More young overachieving lawyers, more wire tapping, and more grossly  underdeveloped characters.<br />To its credit, the book is extremely fast  paced as are all of Grisham's books.  However, I think that it is time that  Grisham try something different...
6305229449|5.0|I believe this is one of the best Disney classics ever made.  I am Chinese myself and thoroughly enjoyed the movie especially the training song &quot;Be A Man&quot; and the last song &quot;True To Your Heart&quot;.  My  children both love it too.  (We have not exhauted it's novelty - not having  watched it 100 times yet...)  Mulan displays a real firey personality that  is refreshing to see especially compared to the weak, romantic feminine  heroines of Disney movie's past.  She has passion and heart and loyalty  which makes her a really compelling character.  Her acts of bravery and  compassion are examples of the finest characteristics of any human being  and can be identified with by anyone.  It is and will be a thoroughly  enjoyeable movie for years to come!
6305308659|5.0|to watch a movie in black and white was coo
0792151712|5.0|This is the best Movie!!!! GET IT!!
B000002KKS|5.0|Open your heart. Oz days were good. But don't you think this is also amazing? I think Heaven and Hell is the best work of Sabbath. Children of the sea, Heave and hell are breathtaking. Lonely is the word is the best  epilogue.
B000001Y9I|5.0|Whether you're an avid Deep Purple maniac or a typical rock enthusiast, you'll appreciate the sound of master craftsmen at work here.  If Morse's work on &quot;Sometimes I feel like screaming&quot; isn't the sweetest of  guitar tones, then I'm anxious to hear what is.  From the kick off  &quot;Vavoom: Ted the Mechanic&quot; and with offerings as &quot;Rosa's  Cantina&quot;, do yourself a big favor and spend some of your hard-earned,  disposable dough on this one.  You won't be sorry.
6305166021|4.0|As someone who does Irish fiddling, I must admit to being much better pleased with this version of LOTD than with the first one. Firstly, everyone's much more relaxed; secondly, the story is simply told much  better; thirdly, there are more musicians on stage; and fourthly, the  editing is much less frenetic--you can actually focus on their feet!  Michael certainly has an ego, but if I could dance like that, I'd have one  too.
B000002C2E|5.0|This album combines a big, grooving sound, with brilliant, moving, accessible lyrics as great as any words put down on paper in the last 30 years, all expressed with superb phrasing.  From my own mundane  perspective, :-), I just love playing this album in the car with the bass  up high, especially Dirt Road Blues, what a great blues number.  The  references from other reviewers about Buddy Holly and Sun studios etc. are  all on the mark.  Bob, please tour Sydney, Australia soon with this new  material!!
B000001ES4|5.0|I bought this CD, thinking it was going to be nice background music.   Wrong!  After the 2nd track, I was forced to sit down and devote my full attention to the music, and by the last track on the album,  (&quot;Illumination&quot;, my favorite.....), I was weeping, openly.  This  duo plays with such sensitivity and true emotion, you can't help but be  drawn in.  Everyone who has listened to my copy has wanted one of their  own.   One of the best album purchases I've made in a long time.
B000002UB3|5.0|With the exception of &quot;octopus&quot;,the entire recording is a masterpiece.I have admired the Beatles ever since they were heard of when I had a penpal when I was young.
B0000039QA|1.0|Don't get me wrong, the first album is a classic, but with this one, it leaves me scratching my head. All this album is, is a recycles Diana Ross, other 70's hits album with mediocre lyrics and tired skits. The production  is so sloppy from Puffy, Buckwild and others that it makes me wonder why  this album was so cherished in the rap world. It pioneered what's wrong  with rap today - money hungry (convicts) using old tracks made new again  with dance and party beats. R.I.P. B.I.G., at least you can't make wack  music any more.
0800103661|5.0|Gattaca reminds me of a long past era of movies like &quot;Logan's Run&quot;.  Science fiction movies of that era always delt with humanity attempting to use technology to make life appealing and comfortable.  In  this the individual and his/her humanity is lost to the technology.   &quot;Gattaca&quot; is similar in that we see the use of genetic  manipulation to rigidly organize society in hopes of finding the best  possible people for certain jobs.  While this may be an attractive option  for many people, as the movie shows, it can lead to aa quasi-fascist  society where the right of a person to determine his/her future is lost.   Control for all intents and purposes is given to the state.  In our society  to day we are begining to be faced with a similar choice.  Which one will  we make?
0553573403|5.0|George Martin has something spectacular.  His world comes alive with this series, a series that has dark undertones.  His ability to shift from one perspective to another is incredible.  This is the type of book you take  the day off from work to finish reading.  I have been on edge waiting for  the rest of the series.
0380977281|5.0|This is truly an outstanding piece of work.  From the tree to the hairy little man, all of the characters meshed well with the story and setting.  My Heart's Desire would be a revisitation to the Fairie by Mr. Gaiman.  It  made me believe in Fairy Tales again.
0399103422|5.0|The Godfather will be remembered as Shakespeare is remembered. It carries with it tragedy, romance, humor and most of all drama. It spawned three movies that will always be cherished by movie goers both American and world  wide. Puzo out did himself with this novel which is in my opinion, the  Great American Novel that should be favored to be taught in high schools  before Grapes of Wrath, Catcher In the Rye, and Huck Finn. It is Americana  at its best.
0792151712|1.0|This was one of the most boring moovies I ever saw. It was excrutiatingly long (194min. 36sec.) too long not to look away or fall asleep.              What's a moovie without &quot;ACTION&quot;, the main thing to a good  moovie. It's virtualy impossible not to get bored or not to fall asleep  while watching this moovie.              If I had a choice to rate this  moovie zero stars, I would.               When I find people that really  like this moovie I wonder how they could like one of the worlds most boring  moovies.
B000005RUX|5.0|I am a total Classic Rock fanatic!  I hated the Seattle Sound, and everything that went with it, even Pearl Jam. I thought Pearl Jam was just another trendy, bandwagon for college students, flash in the pan, etc.   That is, until my friend asked me to go to a Pearl Jam concert in Salt Lake  City in 1995.  I was reluctant, but bought a ticket anyway, mostly because  I had nothing better to do.  After seeing the raw power that Pearl Jam  possesses onstage (but still not a fan, but one with a much more open  mind), I decided to buy this album.  It is by far the best rock album since  Van Halen I, in my opinion.  Sure, people can argue that the only message  in Van Halen's early music was about sex, drug's, and good ole fashioned  rock n' roll, but I still love them.  But Ten has (at least to me), many  different messages, and Eddie has an amazing way of expressing them.  Since  I bought this album, Pearl Jam has achieved the top five of my favorite  bands, which include: Van Halen, Steely Dan, The Police, and U2!  Thanks to  Seth, I went to Salt Lake and witnessed the genius of Pearl Jam!
0790736101|5.0|THE BEST FILM HAMMER EVER MADE WITH OUT QUESTION. CUSHING AS THE TIRELESS VAN HELSING A KIND MAN ,A PERSON YOU CAN TRUST IN BUT MORE IMPORTANT HE KNOWS THE WAY OF THE VAMPIRE AND KNOWS IT MUST BE WIPED OUT. LEE AS THE  COUNT IS BRILLIANT THE POWER WHICH COMES ACROSS IN THE CHARACTER HE IS  PLAYING AND ALL SO THE LOOK  IS ALL THERE TO SEE. IF YOU DONT OWN A COPY  THEN BUY IT YOU WON'T BE WASTING YOUR MONEY.
0767824571|5.0|I have introduced many people to this movie, and not one of them has survived it without literally either falling out of their seat laughing or laughing so hard they cried. I heard once that there was somebody somewhere  who didn't like this movie, but of course they hadn't seen it. And I heard  once that there was somebody (in Tunisia I think) who didn't think it was  funny but they were blind, deaf, and didn't speak English. Oh and there was  one more person I heard about who actually thought the movie was offensive,  but that person was bludgoened to death when a flock of pigeons flew  overhead and dropped cocoanuts on them. But everyone else loves the movie.  Including you. (What's it about? British men in armor and skimpy tights  running about with swords and hand grenades, resisting almost-certain  temptation and trying to find some silly cup or something. But that's  really rather beside the point, don't you think? I mean, if you want to  know what it's about just buy it and watch it, you idiot, and stop  bothering me with your annoying questions.)
0800199421|5.0|The best moovie I have ever seen. It has tons of action. If you go to sleep while watching this moovie you must have serios brain problems.
B000002L99|5.0|The only albums that compare are Van Halen, and 1984. This album is all that, and in some ways more.  I still feel these three albums (VH 1,5150, and 1984) are the best, if you are a pure rocker.  But if you like music,  in general(not just Rock), you may like 5150 better than any.  I am a huge  VH fan, but I love all three!  Call me lame, but they all rock!  Sure, 5150  is a little more poppish, but not many songs beat the hard core Dreams!  I  agree, Sammy sluffed off after this album, but this was a great album.  You  have to remember, Eddie and Alex are the band!!! Not the prima-donna  singer!  I thought they had already proven this!  If not, listen to there  future albums, and you will learn, it does not matter who the hell is  singing, as long as the bros are  jamming!
6304032579|1.0|There's no kiding here this is a Bond moovie. Does anybody know who planed this awful 007 moovie? 90% borring. Good for a moovie but doesn't bring back any of the action that Roger Moore had.
6304297912|5.0|This movie was weird--disturbing but you end up really liking some of the characters--it's not a movie where everyone is disgusting and awful and you don't care what happens to the characters (that's how I felt about A  Clockwork Orange). Despite the fact that Ewan McGregor is a heroin addict,  and does some things not entirely moral, there is a sweetness to him that  makes him endearing. This is an over-the-top movie that will blow your mind  and leave you drained, make you laugh at things you wouldn't ordinarily  think were funny, etc.
B00000G3PA|1.0|God, I hated this movie.  I've enjoyed many movies that snobs refer to as &quot;mainstream&quot; but this one truly reflects all of the worst elements of Hollywood--big, bloated plot and terrible, insulting dialogue.   Stay away!
044651652X|1.0|Ditto
6305127646|5.0|Clearly, Val Kilmer is comfortably in his thesbian element when playing  a myriad of characters/saints. At some points, Kilmer in not easily seen, mixing into the tale, seemingly asking you to find him - as a viewer. If  one was to count the characters Kilmer plays in this film, the number would  reach over a dozen; this is of little significance as the romantic plot of  an underhanded free-agent falling for a beautiful, intellegent physicist is  played out.
B00000099Y|5.0|I'm convinced these guys sold their souls to the devil.  This album is too good.
6302798450|5.0|This film is great.  It is one of the funniest movies ever made.  I haven't seen Evil Dead Ior II (I ordered Evil Dead 1 from Amazon) but if they are anything like Army of Darkness I'm sure I will love them.
6304613199|3.0|This movie was so-so at best. It actually had action and some suspense unlike the overrated original. There were way more dinosaurs and the T-rex was a lot more active this time. It was okay.
630245333X|5.0|This 1988 remake of the 1956 cult-classic is a shocking, eye-opening wonder from the hands of Chuck (&quot;Eraser&quot;, &quot;The Mask&quot;) Russell!  Of course, the special and mechanical FX surpass those that  brought the original, gelatinous monster to life in the 50's. However,  Russell's interpretation accomplishes a lot in bringing the classic  thriller up-to-date with newly-awaited terrors.  I thought it was nice  touch this time around having the Blob's twisted creators invade the  besieged small-town under the guise of a &quot;friendly&quot; biological  containment team that wants to save the town from potential microbial  devastation. This action comes after the scientists realize that their  little cosmic bacterial experiment has taken an ominous turn for the worst  (the Blob is basically an unintended by-product of their work).  Some very  memorable scenes are portrayed in this version (I was terrified to sleep  after my initial viewing of &quot;The Blob&quot;).  They include the  hospital double-murder of Paul Taylor (Donovan Leitch) and the hapless  &quot;Can Man&quot; who first discovers the oozing killer after it crashes  to Earth, the kitchen sink tragedy of the cook who unwittingly plunges the  Blob up and is sucked down to a grisly demise (probably the most graphic of  all the death scenes), Candy Clark's dialing &quot;M&quot; for her own  murder when the Blob engulfs &amp; traps her inside a phone booth as  another late-nite snack, and the half-devoured movie projectionist scene is  quite compelling (one will never look at ventilator shafts the same way  again)!  Truly the Blob's insatiable appetite for destruction never waivers  in bringing new gut-wrenching horrors for  young &amp; old alike!<br />Other  treats this modern version puts on the table are Tony (&quot;Darkman&quot;)  Gardner's sickeningly-real makeup FX, outstanding visual FX from the  Oscar-winning company Dream Quest Images (&quot;The Abyss&quot;,  &quot;Total Recall&quot;, and the &quot;Nightmare on Elm Street&quot;  anthology), and an eerie score from Mike Hoenig.  The ending is also great  (unlike most horror films) in that it is completely unpredictable for  first-time viewers (but I won't disclose and ruin it for everyone (WINK,  WINK)).<br />I recently purchased the '88 Blob on a trip to LA after years  of renting it and cable viewing, and I will never tire of seeing the  exploits of this pernicious, soulless mass of blood-red protoplasm!!!  For  first-timers, I do recommend seeing the '56 Blob so that you can appreciate  these two disparate versions of the same terrifying tale.the &quot;Nightmare on Elm Street&quot;  anthology), and an eerie score from Mike Hoenig.   The ending is also great  (unlike most horror films) in that it is completely unpredictable for  first-time viewers (but I won't disclose and ruin it for everyone (WINK,  WINK)).  <br />I recently purchased the '88 Blob on a trip to LA after years  of renting it and cable viewing, and I will never tire of seeing the  exploits of this pernicious, soulless mass of blood-red protoplasm!!!  For  first-timers, I do recommend seeing the '56 Blob so that you can appreciate  these two disparate versions of the same terrifying tale.
0780623134|2.0|Another boring oscar-winning movie. I thought that this was one of the dullest films I have ever seen. The story was so boring and slow-moving. I was wondering when (if ever) something would happen. I found nothing  special in this film, just another boring sentimental flick.
B000002TLX|5.0|A remarkably well written, soulful set of lyrics, insightful and emotional, perfect for reflection.
B000007OY0|2.0|Definitely the type of oscar-winning movie that will put you to sleep inside an hour. This movie was lame, dry, amd very slow-moving. Why people liked this thing so much? I do not know. I did not feel suspense and/or was  I riveted to my seat at all in this movie. Extremely 2-dimensional and the  plot of someone trying to get out of jail, I thought was lacking substance.  There are way better movies out there.
0606039600|5.0|First off, if you enjoy philosophy and introspective writing you will find this book difficult to put down as that is entirely what it is.  Now, if you need dead bodies, alien invasions, or journeys to retrieve the holy  grail then you will not enjoy this book.  <br />Prisig's story is interesting  and his quirky personal insights and observations are what keep the book  moving.  Much of the material about the motorcycle trip I found quite  boring and  unrelated to his internal journey.  <br />Prisig's genuine  interest in philosophy is evident in his content and is readily digested  because of his economical use of language.  There is no verbose pretentious  grand standing in his writing. <br />I really was interested in the gradual  revelations about his life and his relationships with his friends past and  present.  Don't expect to find any answers here, just enjoy the ride.
0792151720|3.0|When I first saw this movie with my girlfriend in the theatre, I thought it was pretty darn good. I think when I was with my girlfriend I lost some of my judgement that I would have had otherwise if I were alone because I  saw that movie a second time with my family... I thought it was somewhat  boring the next time around. It was actually pretty slow-moving and I did  not feel the suspense as I did the first time around.  It is definitely not  the type of movie I can watch dozens of times over. In my opinion(and many  others also), the Star Wars series are the best movies of all time.
630521610X|5.0|this movie was scary it had many edge of your seat never stop thrilling thrillers i ecspecially liked  when Neve Cambell and(the girl from friends) outsmarted the killers in both movies these were really good in most scary  movies they don't move out the way from the killers and wind up dying and  that didn't happen in this case.
0553573403|5.0|The characters have depth. Martin shows the dark side of human nature yet weaves it into the fabric so that it adds depth to the story....makes it all exciting! The twist and turns of the story keep you in suspense for the  entire read.  I can't wait for the next book!
B00000DBXL|5.0|This album doesn't have a bad tune on it! Finally something to listen to that doesn't sound like everyone else. Killer songwriting!
6304415346|1.0|Don't bother with this one.  How a film with a very promising start can end up so trite and dull is beyond me.  &quot;The Wrath of Kahn&quot; is the only Star Trek film that lives up to (or, actually, beyond) the hype.   The best performance in this film is by James Cromwell who has never had a  disappointment performance.  Sorry but he can not save this insignificant  film.  When I went to see this in the theatre I could actually hear two  people snoring behind me.  Everyone else started laughing.  Had it not been  for moment of sheer entertainment my money would have been completely  wasted.
B000002H97|5.0|I would've given it 6 stars.... Anyways this is simply an awesome CD from one of the best bands to ever walk this earth.  Also, if you like this, get Master Of Puppets. Of all that Metallica has ever released, these 2 are in  my opinion the best
0790736942|5.0|This is a motion picture that was made at the right time and for the right reason.  Any other decade would not have allowed some of the material one sees in &quot;the Exorcist.&quot;  Between the mildly radical sixties and  the viewer-sensitive eighties came the seventies when many films stepped  over the line.  This film is the pinnacle of this genre.  There has been a  lot of talk about major plot developments in this film, but what is just as  fascinating are the subtlties.  For example, why does a devoted priest  spend much time caring for the psychological needs of others while letting  his own mother rot away in her substandard home?  During a party, what  causes a fight to break out between a mild-mannered housekeeper and a  normally-whimsical motion picture director?  In one scene a detective finds  a clay piece of art made by a devil-possessed girl which bears a striking  similarity to a piece of pottery found by a priest on an archaelogical dig  in Iraq.  In a subway station why does the priest show such contempt for a  haggard old bum who simply asks, &quot;Hey father, can you help out an old  altar boy?  I'm a catholic.&quot;  The best way to view this film is with  the lights out and the volume turned up.  Be sure to watch the documentary  that preceeds the film, it helps put everything in perspective.<br />As  mentioned earlier, this film was made for the right reason.  It helps us to  look at the evil in the world not as some shadowy dark demonic figure that  lurks around us, but something that lives in all of us.
0780622642|5.0|An excellent Science Fiction film. Better than the  original TV Show. Waiting for the sequel...hopefully the awesome robot will have a greater part. Also the price of this video sold here is excellent. Much cheaper  than the video shops.-<br />  John Anthony Miller<br />  Phantom Bookshop
0899663036|5.0|A remarkable story that is sure to be treasured for generations to come; it exposes youth to a different way of life and also shows that a young girl, on her own, can achieve her goals. I hope this book is made required  reading in our schools someday. A good book for girls after they've read A  Tree Grows . . . is !Yo! by Julia Avarez, good for girls (women :-) )  14-17.
B0000013GT|5.0|ATLiens is excellent addition to the collection of any hip-hop fan that really &quot;listens&quot; to their music.  Outkast is definently dropping knowledge for the young men and women of today's generation.  I would also  like to recommend Aquimini if you're feeling this one.
6305265488|5.0|I would give it 10 stars if i coul
6302799066|5.0|Stanley Kubrick...perhaps the greatest director of the latter half of the 20th Century finally decided to take his fans to the brink with Dr. Strangelove.  My father (a film teacher) always told me to watch it, but  being a teenager, I didn't think a black and white film could keep my  attention, Kubrick or not.  However, this film blew my mind.  What a  powerful statement Kubrick makes about the Cold War!  Only Stanley could  open our eyes to the how silly the arms race was, and the serious effects  it would have on humanity were we to continue it.  It was easy for  Americans to sit back and watch the government handle the Cold War, but it  wasn't easy for them to see the truth.  All I have to say is, &quot;You  can't fight in here!  This is the War Room!&quot;  We miss you Stanley!
0767802772|5.0|Please watch this film with your someone special .....
B00000DGUG|5.0|I loved the first cd and I love this one too. There is not a single song that I dislike.
B000005IU2|5.0|Rock 'n' roll simply does not get any more exciting than this
6304140711|5.0|Reese Witherspoon and Mark Wahlberg are great in this movie, very convincing.  At first, you fall in love with David as he charms his way into Nicole's heart.  Then, realizing that he's a lunatic (but a hot one),  you wish that Nicole would just see through him and end it!  Some of the  scenes were a bit graphic, but overall, Fear is a wonderful movie.
0375707972|2.0|Normally while reading a book you are drawn into the characters and sympathize with at least one of them. These character were badly written, you felt that even at the end of the book you knew nothing about them.  And  the trial, which I suppose was supposed to be the pivotal point in the  novel, came from so far out in left field and with no explanation or logic.   I felt let down after reading this, especially after all the praise Oprah  had given it.
0140186395|5.0|East of Eden is the only book that I can finish reading and immediately start again at the beginning without being bored.  The story of Cain and Abel is completely engaging told first as a rivalry between Adam and  Charles and then between Cal and Aron; and the Hamilton family is a  fascinating fictionalization of Steinbeck's own family history.
0465068359|5.0|The author , Iris Chang, gave me what I had not been taught in my junior high school and high school days.  I had read an article in a newspaper, saying that right-wing nationalists are giving obstructions to the  publisher, who has a plan to publish translation of this book.  Iris Chang  showed  what we, Japanese people, should do for victims in World War II and  who have deceived us having no experience of war.   Impressive book and  unforgettable.
B000002HRE|5.0|This is the best CD Metallica has had. They have all of my favorite Metallica songs Fuel, The Memory Remains, The Unforgiven II, and some other ones. They have made some other really good songs too. Master of Puppets,  Battery, So What (a copy), and a few more I can't think of. James Hetfield  (Guitar and Vocals) has the best taste in music! One he** of a CD.
6305226296|5.0|Not one poorly done song on the entire video. The camera work was great. There is none of the usual &quot;fast&quot; quick-views of the performers, and the views of the audience are minimized and appropiate. There is no  useless chit-chat, nor silly childish laughter. Just straight forward  performing by three men in there 50s. I am an Elvis nut, never paying  attention to the BeeGees. Bought the tape for indoor exercising,and I love  it. Bought the CD,made a tape for ouside exercising. Its playing now as I  type this. Am considering getting a &quot;back-up&quot; video. Don't let  this one pass you by!!!
B00000I924|3.0|Jeff Beck has as unique and interesting a guitar sound as anyone I have ever heard play the instrument. His playing on &quot;Who Else?&quot; is quite good, and, in spots, outstanding.  I never seem to get tired of that  sound.<br />However, the digital percussion electronics and sequencing are  overdone, and simply do not add anything to the overall quality, and  frequently detract from the overall effect of the music, in my view. And I  am frankly quite surprised that Jeff used the digitals to this extent. It  was an effect used sparingly, and wisely so, on &quot;There and Back.&quot;  It was used too much in &quot;Guitar Shop.&quot; And now we have even more  in &quot;Who Else?&quot;  <br />I'm not terribly fond of the trend Beck  appears to be setting.<br />But I love his guitar playing.
0783231032|3.0|Sure, it's a mess. Sure, it's loud. Sure, it's not funny. But all of the extras on this disc make up for that. Watch a 90-minute documentary as everyone involved tries to defend this movie. Look at production stills and  lobby cards. See the theatrical trailers. One of the worst movies in my DVD  collection; but one of the best DVDs in my collection. Just buy it.
006016848X|5.0|This book should be required reading for high school students
B000002KXV|5.0|What else can I say than that
0375707972|5.0|a must rea
0684874350|1.0|A wonderful book?  'Tisn't
B0000042MY|5.0|This is (in my humble opinion) the best soundtrack I have ever heard. I bought it when the film was released and, unlike the majority of other soundtracks which I normally play for a few weeks and then start to gather  dust, this has consistently been played at home and in the car. The reasons  for this are many, I'll just list a few. You can tell that a lot of effort  has been put into music which does not sit uneasily with what is on the  screen. It is emotional and stirring stuff and the whole album can be  listened to in the one go repeatedly i.e. you won't find yourself resorting  to playing just a few tracks after a few weeks like you might do with a  number of other albums. There are no standout tracks, the whole thing is  great. Buy this and you won't regret it
B000002UWF|5.0|I was looking for the original version of Jump Jive and Wail and ran into a gold mine. With the exception of Prima's unfortunate attempts at a 50's era rock and roll sound, only two tracks, this disc grooves from start to  finish. And, the chemistry between Prima, Keely Smith, and Sam Butara is  incredable. Fun, fun, fun. Buy this disc.
B000006YYW|5.0|This albumis the greatest album for me. Because it make me to know existance of The Bee Gees. since then I was made by the die hard fan of the Bee Gees.
6305311463|5.0|This is the best!  It should of won best picture!  This is actually a 2-Disc DVD set.  It has over 5 hours of special features, including the director's cut of the film, deleted scenes, special effect analysis,  interviews, theatrical trailers, a making of featurette, and audio  commentary from the Director Michael Bay, producer Jerry Bruckheimer, stars  Bruce Willis &amp; Ben Affleck, cinematographer John Scwartzman, NASA  consultant Dr. Joe Allen and asteroid consultant Ivan Bekey.
6304539258|4.0|This is certainly an enjoyable piece of hokum, bringing sci fi to a wider audience than the usual geeks. The plot is not much more advanced than the old Flash Gordon serials of the forties, and nobody in it can really act at  this point except for the great Alec Guinness. Nevertheless, it's fun to  let yourself go and enjoy the whole swashbuckling series. This movie's  impact was tremendous, though this has not always been a good thing, as  studios strive to make other but inferior special effects blockbusters and  disregard quality in the meanwhile.
B000002UAU|5.0|Some of you really need to get a firm grasp of reality. The Who? Pink Floyd? The Stones? Zepplin? Zappa? Where would any of these musicians be if the Beatles hadn't happened ? If it weren't for this album Pop music would  have remained a bubble gum style type of entertainment . So the Beatles  didn't last long? Who cares , in fact isn't it great that they had the  courage and integrity to stop when they felt it was time? Anyone who  doesn't give this album its due knows nothing about music . End of  statement . For all of you of the CD age who don't understand the CONCEPT I  offer a suggestion . Listen to the whole album DO NOT Skip tracks to your  &quot;favorite songs &quot; and light just may dawn on marblehead .
B000002GYR|5.0|I was just recently given a copy of this CD to sample from a friend that highly recomended it and I really enjoyed the way that Mr. Waits brought fourth his fellings in his music. If you don't have this CD give the  samples a try and I highly suggest picking it up.  I am now the new owner  of this CD I ordered it and listen to alot.
B000002NJS|5.0|Anyone who listens to this CD will like it. I was not a Madonna fan before I listened to this CD, but now I am. There is all types of music on it. Whether you are into hiphop, techno, or like smooth ballads, this is a CD  anyone can enjoy. I am 13 and I love it; and people young or old can enjoy  it too. It can satisfy your many moods. It can calm you down when you are  stressed or pump you up. Buy it! You will not regret it.
B000005ITX|5.0|In the pantheon of great 60s albums &quot;Forever Changes&quot; surely stands as one of the best.  From the opening track &quot;Alone Again Or&quot; to the closing &quot;You Set The Scene&quot; the album radiates an  organic and majestic beauty that has yet to be recreated in the modern rock  era.
0805054375|5.0|Been in a reading slump, buying books, reading 30 pages, maybe a hundred, lose interest, start another and then another, another.  Tried my usual tricks to find a book, the right book.  Read the first sentence, the  blurbs, pick a page in the middle, the author's bio.  Keep missing.   Reviews don't help.  Then in Borders I see this cover, slick, lurid, hidden  away on a shelf.   <br />I pick it up.  Read the first sentence.  Know I found  it.  <br />Edgy, scarey, can't put it down or out of your mind poetry about  all of us.  Those at the beginning and those at the end. Chuck got it right  for all of us. Finally.<br />Running to get his second, &quot;Survivor&quot;  butI knowit won't be enough and he can't write fast enough for me. Back to  reader's block soon if he don't hurry up.
0800187873|4.0|Based on the life of a young FBI agent who infiltrates the underground world of the largest and most deadly mafia family in New York. You will enjoy this movie if you want something in the quality range of The  Godfather but showing the mob from another perspective.  Excellent. Don't  rent it, buy it!
B000002C25|1.0|Bland, boring, nasal, banal, lyrically bankrupt, musically sophomorish, imitative, empty, hollow, stupid, not worthy of the CD pressing -- let alone comparison to the Beatles.  There, I think that covers it.
0684852756|4.0|The honesty and clear-eyed sensitivity of this book and of its narrator  make it impossible to categorize it (or him) in a simple, judgemental fashion.  Kureishi gives voice, tersely and unapologetically, to emotions,  hopes and desires that anyone, male or female, has experienced when  thinking about intimacy.  The protagonist certainly seems to be  representative of his time, negotiating all the beliefs and expectations of  how to live life and find love in the 1990s, and yet the novel has a  timeless feel to it; the narrator's struggles are similar to those of  Newland Archer in Wharton's Age of Innocence.  The only fault of this novel  is that it occasionally slips into '90s platitudes, and the protagonist  fits too exactly into the mould of New Labour.
0345389409|4.0|As a long time fan of Ann Rice and a practicing Christian, I found &quot;Memnoch the Devil&quot; to be extremely fun to read. The vampires in previous works have struggled with the philosophical contradictions of  their existance. In this novel she addresses the issue. I love her style,  and true to form she gives us compelling and thought provoking dialogue  between good and evil. I highly recommend this book to people with the  intellect and imagination to grasp it's subtly.
630018403X|5.0|I first watched TBC one day when me and my older sister Lindsay were sick and home from school.I didnt really know that much 'bout it.But she had it on tape and I wanted to watch a good movie and she recommended it.So I  watched it........i loved EVERY minute of it!!!!My favorite character is  John Bender.And i also like Allison.I wanted to watch it again so I did,Iv  watched it 4 times.I love it so much and I think its the best movie I ever  saw,it has comedy,a little bit of romance,its sad in parts.All together its  a great movie!!!!!!I DEFINANTLY RECOMEND IT!!!In fact I think Ill watch it  right now!!
0140186409|5.0|The Grapes of Wrath is one of the best books of all time. Every time I read it I find new things to admire. It should be among the works of &quot;required&quot; reading in our schools. Steinbeck was unquestionably a  master of the written word.
6304411448|5.0|I recently saw a preview for &quot;Benny and Joon&quot; on the WB56 and I wanted to watch it.But I found out that we were going out to eat that night.So I put a tape in the VCR and set the timer.<br />When I got home i  stoped it from recording any further and checked to make sure it recorded  alright.It did and I wanted to watch it.I watched 'bout half of it then I  hadda go to bed.The next night me and my older sister started watching it  from the beginning.She loved it as much as i did.I was surprised,for she  usually doesn't like.....movies like that.We didnt finish,we got less than  half way through.The next day when I got home from school, I turned it on  and began to finish watching it.I have to say this is one of my all time  favorite movies,its a cute romantic comedy about to people who are both  slightly different and seem to make each others match,both Depp and  Masterson play GREAT ROLES in this movie,I definantly recomend it!!
0783226837|5.0|I have always been a fan of Tremors and this disc is excellent.  The bonus materials alone make the disc worth.  Recommended for any film buff.
0783229887|5.0|Jennifer brings out the best in chuckie.  This is only a movie, a FUN movie so anyone who tries to compare it to real life just doesn't get it.  Just  sit back, open your eyes (and mind) and enjoy!
B00000IBRX|5.0|This movie stayed with me for quite some time after I saw it.  The story, the effects, everything was totally engrossing.  I would rate this more 5-boxes (of tissues) than 5 stars.  This movie also leads to some  controversy in religion as far as can you go to heaven if you take your own  life?  I totally recommend this movie three thumbs up!
0871137380|5.0|The writing couldn't have been better.  Character development is the best I've seen in a book like this.  Given Bosnia, this should be required reading.  I solute William Garrison and his men and  hold the establishment  press in contempt.  <br />My criticism of the book is mechanical.  Why are the  maps in books like this always so puny?  Why don't they fold out?  I think  the authors get so familiar with the subject they assume a sketch will do.   Also, the printer shifted text in toward the spline so the reader must  &quot;chase&quot; the text down hill.  Not a big deal, nowhere as bad as a  small paperback, but I didn't buy a paperback.
0767824571|5.0|This movie is the best movie that has been, or will ever be made. If you don't like it, something is VERY wrong with you and you should see a doctor.
1567312373|5.0|Read this book.  Then remember that the truth is always stranger than the fiction!
B00000G3Q4|4.0|When I first saw The Evil Dead I was'nt quite sure what to think because i could'nt either see or hear half of the movie due to it being in a home video camera format. (this being before the newly remastered versions came  out) But even still I knew this movie was definately a classic in my  category. I loved it, I could'nt believe how great a job this movie was  made. from the start of the film your presented with a whole slew of  amazing camera angles including one that is from under the floor as if the  character is standing on the camera. The special effects were'nt so shabby  themselves, I mean think about it for a movie that only took 350,000  dollars to make, it had better effects than Friday the thirteenth.       The cast of the movie includes Bruce Campbell: who plays a man  named Ashley J. Williams (who you'll later learn to call Ash). Ellen  Sandweiss as Cherl (Ashs' sister), Hal Delrich as Scott (the man of  action), Betsy Baker as Linda (Ashs' girlfriend), and Sarah York as Shelly  (Scotts' girlfriend). The film was written and Directed by Sam Raimi who  also directed Darkman,The Quick and the Dead, and just recently out A  Simple Plan.         But anyways back to the movie, The  Evil Dead originally released in 1979 was the first of a trilogy. Then  eight years later Evil Dead 2:Dead by Dawn (1987) hit the theaters, and six  years after ED2 came Army of Darkness(1993) the third and final?  installment of the Evil Dead series. I was unable to see any of these in  the theater but from what i hear were not there very long. The Evil Dead  also came fully equipped with something that was never done in movies  before, the topic, the topic is that of souls of khandarian demons  possesing humans and turning them into ferocious deadites, that feed on the  lives of the living. For this to happen words from the Naturum de Montum  (Book of the Dead) must be spoken and if done correctly all your friends  will be deadites before you can spew catch phrases such as \\"Who Wants Some\\"  or even \\"Groovy\\"<br />  But besides The Evil Dead being just a movie,  it has been a movie that has spawned many ideas for chartbusting videogames  such as the Resident Evil Series, and possibly the newly released Silent  Hill, Even computer games have Evil Dead in them, Many of Duke Nukems  vocabulary comes from the Evil Dead, and the cover to Duke 3D is identical  to the cover of Army of Darkness. So if you havn't seen The Evil Dead yet  it's a great movie to watch at a sleep over or just anytime you get bored,  so go rent it , and there's no excuse that you can't find it anymore  because of the Re-released versions that Blockbuster and Home vision have  copies of.
B000002UD1|4.0|I would recommend MIND GAMES as much as I would any John Lennon album.  Lennon's IMAGINE, DOUBLE FANTASY and WALLS AND BRIDGES contain most of his smash hits.  But MIND GAMES has what I call John's cult hits, radio-ignored  songs that people mention as favorites when I tell them I'm a Lennon fan:  &quot;Meat City,&quot; &quot;One Day At A Time,&quot; &quot;Tight A$,&quot;  and &quot;Bring On The Lucie.&quot;  Try it, you'll like it.
0380729407|5.0|Bradbury has always been a better short story writer than a novelist but occassionally he comes along with something that makes you wonder why he doesn't write more novels.  However most of his best novels read like  longer short stories and this one is no exception.  Not that I'm  complaining, mind you, because this one is so good you don't notice how  short it is and really don't even care.  His classic seems engrained on our  collective conscious and most people probably think the phrase  &quot;Something wicked this way comes&quot; comes from the title of this  book and not from the Shakespeare play (Macbeth?).  The one thing I notice  that's different about his writing is that it's far more lyrical than  normal, he seems to have a better command of the English language and every  sentence and paragraphp seems dense with imagery and metaphors.  The story  itself ain't too bad either, the tale of a carnival that has come to take  the souls of the unsuspecting town, and only two boys and a father who  doubts himself can stop them.  Mr Dark is one of the best villians ever to  grace a novel and he exudes menace and pure evil all at the same time.  The  entire novel feels like a child's dream turned into nightmare and  Bradbury's trademark nostalgia is still there, though less prominent than  usual.  Everything is beautifully constructed and you'll want to savor the  writing over and over.  Everyone who thought he had left horror should read  this, even though it's not in the same vein as say The October Country it's  close enough and just as enjoyable.
6300270424|2.0|I have been a fan of The almighty Zep, since I was 12, (which isn't all that long ago).  I always heard how they were the concert to see.  So when the video came to local store, I rented it.  I have all the albums, shirts,  posters, so I think I am a fan.  But this was not a good show, the songs  were wrong, the concert itself was taped in 1973 and released in 1976, and  for three years it should look better than a glorified home video.  The  fantasy scenes were ok, but why the effects were overused, for such a bare  bones Rock and Roll band, only using a wah for the guitar effects. I do not  want to ever see Robert Plant with the camera looking up to him.  I am not  a urologist.  The cool part was the band with their family.  Robert and  Karnac was a nice scene.  The guitar was majestically played, as was the  drums, by the Late Great John Bonham, and John Paul Jones, was his usual,  cool, and collected self.  Robert Plant, was well.... Robert Plant, in the  good and the bad.  Well, thats it, buy it if you want, but rent it first.
1559408898|4.0|Holy cow. This DVD has everything.  It is just loaded to the teeth with features.  I will always purchase a 'Criterion Collection' DVD over any  else.  <br />Robocop..the super gruesome story I loved (before they turned the  character into a kids movie in 2 sequels) is just great.  Some of the  violent death scenes still rock me even now.  (Did they ever freak me out  when it was originally released!)
0451526295|5.0|This is Jane Austen's most difficult and least sparkling book.  It is also, however, very possibly her best.  Nowhere else do we see Austen treat immorality and its consequences as she does here.  Her &quot;villians&quot;  are usually laughable.  Here, they are pitiable and deceitful.  Fanny Price  is certainly not a very entertaining character, but she is a very  compelling one.  As for those people who say that she is weak, they are  correct.  She uses all of her strength, however, to her advantage.  Yet,  she never does anything which would violate her strict moral code.  Nowhere  is Austen's keen insight into English social structure moral visible than  in this ambiguous and moving tale.  A wonderful, yet very difficult, book.  Read her others first, then, when you think you know who Jane Austen was,  read this.  You'll be amazed.
6300183513|5.0|This movie is clearly my favorite of all time. It actually involves you in it and you're as helpless as Jimmy Steward. There is nowhere to hide when we get attacked in our wheelchair/theatre seat! During the Universal  Hitchcock festival in San Francisco, I heard that the restored version will  be released later this year!!
B000002NFM|1.0|Prodigy used to be one of the countless, faceless &quot;techno&quot; bands making 2-Unlimited-esque &quot;techno anthems.&quot;  Any wonder they got dropped from their previous contract?  Then the world waits all that time  for the group to squeeze out this sad effort.  This is predictable,  obnoxious big-beat throwaway stuff.  For every decent song we get 2 booming  tracks that sound alike or that feature &quot;vocals&quot; by Keith Flint.
B000002UV9|5.0|If you are intimidated by complex arrangements, powerful lyrics, intricate and talent-laden musicianship, and slick vocal work, you may want to look elsewhere.  QR places themselves in the top echelon of the Progressive Rock  world with this disc.  Always a classic!
B00000FYIL|5.0|I love the music but feel a bit frustrated that he did not develop the main theme a little bit more.  However, I do love the end song and the way he builds it to a crescendo.  This score will be one of my favorites.
B000001ESF|2.0|Again, like many of the posters here, I first heard this while in my early teens, bought the vinyl, became total Rush convert, etc. True to form, I fancied myself quite the little geek rock intellectual because of this  band, and especially because of this record. But sometime in my late teens,  Rush's appeal began to slip away from me, until I reached my present state:  total bewilderment for the devotion shown to this turkey of a record.   While I confess that I put this album (much to my eternal shame, I still  carry the vinyl around with me, as a sort of penance to my teen-aged  pretentiousness) on about once a year or so, it's now for entirely  different reason: it's a fountainhead (!) of unintentional humor. From the  joint inhalation sound on the smarmy, pro-drug \\"Passage To Bangkok\\", to the  quotation from Tchaikovsky's \\"1812 Overture\\" on what sounds like an  overdriven banjo, to lyrics influenced by the pseudo-intellectual ramblings  of Ayn Rand, and, of course, Geddy's whiny, petulant voice, this is the  pinnacle of bad 1970s music. Grudgingly, I'll admit that these guys are  generally good musicians, but the minor matter of taste doesn't factor into  the equation for \\"2112\\" whatsoever. (No, complex music does not necessarily  equate to good music...not that the tunes are earth-shattering elaborate.)  You can bandy words around like \\"integrity\\" and \\"conviction\\" until you're  blue in the face, but objectively, this record's a stinker, folks.
0385486804|4.0|Although I normally do not enjoy non-fiction wilderness books, I must admit I could not stop reading this one.  I was moved by Chris McCandless and his selfless approach to life.  He possessed the ability to live life  the way he truly thought it should be lived, instead of falling prey to  society's expectations as the rest of us often do.  McCandless accomplished  much more in his twenty-some years than many do in a lifetime.  In addition  to his high academic achievements, who else can say they donated their life  savings to charity, survived soley by their own wit and by the generosity  of others for two years?    Krakauer did an excellent job portraying  McCandless.  He organized and told this tale in such a way that not only  was I unable to put it down, but it forced me reevaluate my own life.
6304077939|5.0|a very dark, dreamy film set inside the mind of a young boy attempting to make his life better through words...an all time favorite of mine
6302798450|5.0|This movie makes me laugh till I cry. I just love Ash (Cambell). There's something so darn sexy about that man. &quot;First you wanna kill me, now you wanna kiss me? Blow&quot; I just love this film!!!!
0385486804|5.0|As I read through &quot;Into the Wild&quot; by Jon Krakauer, I wasn't expecting such an interesting book.  Chris McCandless (the main character in this true story), a recent college graduate, decides to abandon his life  as he has known it and set out on a &quot;great adventure&quot; in America.   Tramping across the United States, McCandless learns countless skills  which will someday help him in his ultimate dream -- living in solitude in  the Alaskan wilderness.  After 2 years of wandering aimlessly in South  Dakota and the West Coast, McCandless finally decides it is time to travel  to Alaska.  With nothing more than 10 pounds of rice and a few pieces of  hunting equipment (a .22 caliber and fishing pole), McCandless begins a  stay in the wilderness which is beyond my imagination.  <br />The writing  technique of Krakauer in this book is very similar to his &quot;Into Thin  Air.&quot;  Peppered with difficult vocabulary and vivid description,  &quot;Into the Wild&quot; is a classic Krakauer book.  <br />My personal  feelings of this novel are as follows:  Krakauer is an amazing writer, but  the subject of his book is one of the most ridiculous people I've ever  heard of.  McCandless's Tolstoyan/Thoreau philosophy to life leaves much to  be desired.  Reading about how McCandless deserted his family, followed the  ideas of fellow mortal men, and became arrogant in front of God's creation  (Nature), I am left with sympathy for the boy.  He was lost in this world  and no one ever took the time to rescue him.  What a sad commentary about  our society.  If nothing else was gained by me from reading this book, I  learned that the youth of today is being misled by society constantly.   This book was so great because it continually pointed out that society is  more interested in dealing with lost people in whatever way is easiest.   Society doesn't care to take time out and help lost people find the Way.   May GOD guide our generation in finding lost people so that thereare no  more stories like this one of Chris McCandless.
6305365121|5.0|INSURRECTIO
B00000I2VF|5.0|supposed former infatuation junkie was a great come back for her, after the long anticipated wait for the cd.  jagged little pill was great, but sfij was even better! i give this two thumbs up, along with two toes up!!!!
0800135954|5.0|There were three aspects of this movie which made it so good: Anthony Hopkins as the father, the gorgeous Montana scenery, and THE MUSIC COMPOSED BY JAMES HORNER!! Imagine this movie with any other soundtrack, and what do  you get? Great scenery, great acting, but an altogether flat and  emotionless result.  JAMES HORNER IS POSSIBLY THE GREATEST COMPOSER EVER,  and each and every one of you should BUY THE SOUNDTRACK AND WITNESS FOR  YOURSELVES HOW THE MUSIC OF HORNER CAN REPRODUCE EACH AND EVERY EMOTION  FELT DURING THE MOVIE, BUT WITHOUT THE EXPENSIVE SCENERY AND ACTORS!!
B0000024YL|2.0|They just about ruined Homeward Bound..I don't ever listen to it...why do they do this? ...we want the original versions ...I am sure they are available..
0783230702|5.0|The storytelling in this film is absolutely spellbinding!  This quickly became one of my favourites and has stayed high on my list!  If you only buy 1 DVD this month, buy &quot;The Quiet Man&quot; with John Wayne. . .  But if you buy 2, buy 12 Monkeys also!
6304297912|5.0|This is one of the most amazing movies I've ever seen. It's so poetic about the whole drug thing and it's like a peak into the mind of a drugy. It's a little hard to understand what there saying  so you might want to  find a website that has the movie script. I was enchanted by the way it was  shot, like when he ODS and he slips into the carpet, and the whole toilet  scence, it exspressed the feeling of the movie completly! The soundtrack  was amazing too it fit's every part. Psst...parents generale don't like  this movie, I know mine didn't, but that's no reason to write it off. SEE  THIS MOVIE + Ewan McGregor's a great actor:)
0684830515|5.0|This is but one example of the masterful use of prose which Ernest Hemingway displayed again and again in his wonderful literary career.  This is definitely a book that I would recommend to anyone interested in fine  literature, as well as anyone looking to free their mind from the daily  grind.  Hemingway writes about the dreariness of everyday life, but somehow  manages to take this life up to the next level, making it a paragon of  escapism available to all who can pick up his books and simply lose  themselves in them.
B000006SG5|4.0|Live albums have to be something special. They have to be different than studio albums. The listener has to be able to HEAR it's a LIVE album. Yes  always succeeded very well in this. And this is no exception. &quot;An  Evening Of Yes Music Plus&quot; is a successful piece of work, rather than  a work of art. The band has put together some medleys, and this is a unique  opportunity for any music fan to                     experience the  universe of the best of Yes. In this context, &quot;Yes&quot; means the  music of Yes, of ABWH, as well as solo projects. Experiencing &quot;An  Evening Of Yes Music Plus&quot; is like listening to the solos of the album  &quot;Fragile&quot;, the melodic compositions of the album &quot;Anderson  Bruford Wakeman Howe&quot;, and Yes' greatest in general, all in one  wonderfully 2 hour long journey to the soul of what it is basically all  details ABWH have added to some of the songs. These tiny experiments,  adding a new sound here, another tune there, are pretty unusual for the Yes  music and therefore add some spice to this live experience. This double CD  is obligatory for any Yes fan - but it is also a good opportunity to  re-realize how brilliant the short ABWH period actually was.
B000005JAX|4.0|its just a good cd..
6305095582|5.0|A movie that just gets better the more you watch it...an evil botanical rape scene, decapitation by shovel, and mashed potatoes oozing from a demons decomposing body...how could it get any better?!
B00000099Y|5.0|this cd is very very good, from the art to the music this cd is the best! I will worn you though, this cd has alot of 'filler' songs in it but the actule songs are great.
B00000099Y|4.0|I first heard about Tool several months ago.  I now have all three of their albums and I listen to them all the time.  Their only fault is a couple of weird short songs.  Other than that, they rule!  Tool is an  unusual mix of fast beat music with a hard and loud tempo.  I would  recommend this to anyone looking for something a little different.  A big  hit - BUY IT NOW.
B0000039QA|5.0|I love the C D!   Biggie Smalls is the ILLEST!!!
0385486804|4.0|The most appealing aspect of Into the Wild was the debate if Chris McCandless deserved the respect of everyone who read about his journey, or if he was the most contemptuous person people had ever known.   From  page to page my oppinion of him changed. When he spends an entire summer  away from his home and comes back two days before college I was thinking,  &quot;He is truly an explorer.&quot; Several pages later, however, the  reader learns the way he treats those around him. This happens throughout  the book, and you are wondering after the final page is read, &quot;Do I  like him or hate him.&quot; It's quite similar to picking petals off a  flower. This is the essence of why I turned the pages until the book was  finished. It is a story that reminds you of a shock disc jockey: You just  want to know what he'll do next.
B000002BBY|1.0|I love music.  I love jazz, rock, alternative, trip hop, good hip hop, classical.  <br />My theory: the more you like music, the less you like Oasis.
0684874350|5.0|There are already many reviews for &quot;Angela's Ashes,&quot; but I thought I'd put my two cents in anyway. Simply put: it is the best book I have ever read, and I've read a fairly extensive amount. McCourt has  written a book that has everything. He tells the story of a  poverty-stricken family that desperately tries to fight off their  environment with such humor and eloquence. By the end of the book,  McCourt's writing evoked so many different emotions. This was the only book  that I have read where I forced myself to put the book down. I did so  because the story and writing style were so amazing that I actually wanted  to prolong the reading experience. If it were up to me, I would have given  this book far more stars than just 5. Regardless of the genre you may  normally choose, if you can buy only one book for the next several years,  buy &quot;Angela's Ashes.&quot; You will not be disappointed.
0451452739|5.0|A great book! Even though it can be slow sometimes, once you read the whole book you will see that it was worth it. The good thing about this book is that in the end it leaves you with more questions than answers.  This book is a must read for science fiction fans. I can't wait to read the  other 3 books in the series.
B000003S5H|5.0|Everyone and there brother has made a fast paced electronica dance album, but AIR are the first band to make a great slow-paced electronica album (that's not ambient).  If you're used to fast stuff, like me, you'll dig  the change of pace this offers (Although I must admit that I still would  love to hear some fast remixes of these songs).
B00000AFWW|2.0|This cd has like one good song on it.. Malibu but that is it... the rest are WAY too pop for me... If you are a TRUE Hole fan you would buy her older CDs.. that's when her music meant something to her.. Now she's just  trying to &quot;make money&quot;... it's really sad how the music industry  is pushing these stars to music they hate. Maybe she should hook up and let  Puff Daddy remix one of her songs.. hmmm... &quot;Was she asking for  it?&quot;... go search for Hole's ASK FOR IT cd.. and listen to Pale Blue  Eyes.. that's REAL Hole music.. sigh..
0780625129|5.0|Edward Norton has demonstrated he is one of the hottest &quot;young&quot; actors the movie industry has. After I watched the movie, I felt as if I had an emotional hangover from Noron's performance. I'm no Ebert, but see  this movie for Norton's performance alone!
6305265666|5.0|This is a great movie, however, you can get the VHS and DVD versions at reel.com for cheaper, plus shipping is less.
6300181251|5.0|Excellently balanced script. Hitchcock is crystal clear as a director. It never fails to surprise. The BW format probably makes it better. Best study of schizophrenia on film. Highly recommended.
6300184269|5.0|Top class timeless entertainment - we're not talking candle wax on the nipples!
078062369X|5.0|It was one of the best movies I ever saw.I am an action movie Buff.Next to the die hard and the steven segaul movies,Its up there with them. Thanks Gary Betters,older but alive
B000002KLZ|5.0|This is one of the greatest live albums ever ! Recorded between 1976 and 1980, thoso live versions are really great : in fact, it features the best version I ever heard of &quot;Rhiannon&quot; ! &quot;Sara&quot; is also  beautiful, &quot;Go your own way&quot; is exciting and &quot;Dreams&quot;  never sounded so magical. It has also three great new songs : &quot;One  More Night&quot; by Christine, &quot;Fireflies&quot; by Stevie and a group  performance of Brian Wilson's &quot;Farmer's Daughter&quot;. RECOMMENDED !
6300182770|5.0|Canadian auteur David Cronenberg has prominently carved a respectable niche for himself along with the likes of David Lynch, Adrian Lyne, and other popular surrealist directors that brazenly delve into darkly perverse  and enigmatic themes of the human psyche.  &quot;Videodrome&quot; is by far  no exception to this genre. It is a provocative, obscure, and stylish  exploration of technology's ubiquitous hold on humankind that could be the  ultimate key in unlocking the mind's potential or an addictive monkey that  gradually destroys the heart, mind, and soul.
6300274268|5.0|This is My Favoret Disney Movie Ever !!!!!!!!!
6304509170|5.0|&quot;Scanners&quot; can be best described as Classic David Cronenberg (&quot;The Fly&quot;, &quot;Videodrome&quot;, and &quot;The Dead Zone&quot;).  It has a perfectly balanced storyline of  intelligently-written sci-fi/horror/mystery overtones and  &quot;horrifically real&quot; visual and makeup FX by Dick (&quot;The  Exorcist&quot;) Smith.  The makeup especially should have been  Oscar-nominated, but that's the lousy AMPAS' overwhelmingly uptight stance  on horror films for you!  &quot;Scanners&quot; will definitely appeal to  both sophisticated viewers and  gorefest fanatics alike!  <br />I'd have to  say that Cronenberg really began to master his surrealist sci-fi craft with  this 1980 story about a race of hypertelekinetic human beings that has the  power to build a bright global future of limitless potential or to be the  planet's most formidable force of evil.  Their explosive mental abilities  are an unintended birth defect attributed to a once-popular sedative  marketed in the 1940's for pregnant women called Ephemoral.  The plot  evolves around a trio of these superminds: Cameron Vale (Stephen Lack), Kim  Oberst (Jennifer O'Neill), and their power-mad archnemesis Daryl Revok (an  indellibly malicious Michael Ironside who was another overlooked Oscar  candidate).  Vale is a derelict Scanner who is discovered and captured by  agents of the secret intelligence agency Consec.  It turns out that one of  Consec's directors is the doctor who created the infamous Ephemoral and is  in need of Vale's help in tracking down Revok, the head of an underground  coalition of rogue Scanners bent on destroying the very society that  created them.  With the help of Dr. Paul Roofe (Patrick MacGoohan), Cameron  learns about who he is and how to control his mind's awesome capabilities.   Also, he learns about Revok, of which we learn that &quot;at the age of 22,  he was diagnosed as being heavily self-destructive...now at the age of 35,  he is SIMPLY destructive&quot; (yikes!!!)  Soon, the young empath teams up  with Oberst and other Scanners who abandoned Revok's insane crusade for  world domination in order to take a final stand against the psychotic  madman (with many losing their lives in the process).  Other cool moments  in this flick include a man literally losing his head to Revok in an  ill-fated head game, some neat spontaneous combustion effects, Vale  mentally tapping into and &quot;scanning&quot; a high-security computer  database, and the inexplicably grotesque makeup FX used in Vale and Revok's  confrontation scene at the end (after some shocking truths behind the  entire Scanner legacy are revealed as part of the story's plot). Plus, this  film features a moving score of combined classical violin and synthesizers  by Howard Shore (his score for Cronenberg's &quot;Videodrome&quot; is even  more spooky-sounding).<br />&quot;Scanners&quot; surely will make an excellent  addition to any sci-fi/horror junkie's collection and especially for  Cronenberg fans!  It's a brilliant tale of mystery and suspense that has  the ability to be simultaneously thought-provoking and truly gut-wrenching.
6301978137|5.0|This movie is packed with action and excitment.  It's actors are also great including Arnold Swartzenegger(?).  I believe this movie is top choice and have seen it many times on tv and have recently purchased it.   If you are wondering about this movie, I say to get it.
6304595247|2.0|I'm one of the rare people who have actually read &quot;Wuthering Heights&quot;, and appreciate the filmmakers not straying far from the book as in other film adaptions.  However, the film is rather tedious and gloomy  and would be a 1-star if it weren't for Ralph Fiennes, who looks good and  holds your interest even in the midst of a semi-dismal film such as this.
B000002KGT|5.0|I love all Fleetwood Mac Song's. They make great 33's, C.D's and tapes.But the best song's are on the greatest c.d's they have.....Rumors, The Dance, Greatest Hits. and all others of there c.d's
B00000G3AZ|5.0|I never tire of watching this film.  Since receiving it 2 months ago, I have watched it about 15 times.  Truly a beautifully made, funny and romantic movie that will not lose its luster any time soon.  Gwyneth  Paltrow was a perfect choice to play Emma.  She is a modern day Audrey  Hepburn.
B000002P2W|4.0|The songs are good but the resulting album is mediocre. I mean, each song could be better than in the three next albums (though faring better, because its not annoying as the following records), but as a whole, it  seems to be just fair work, and not the great and Ill say divine past  albums. It was The Who saying: From now on well slow down and collect  utilities. Certainly it is kind of calm and soothing, and you dont get the  bad after taste that the next three -Who are you, Face dances, and Its  hard (somehow this one does well for me)- leave for days
6305263248|5.0|The best car chase scenes I've ever see
B000002P2V|3.0|This is an album that I find very hard to rate. There are excellent songs, but also there are the worst songs I have heard in a Who album. The title track, &quot;905&quot;, and &quot;Trick of the light&quot; are outstanding!  Great within The Whos opus. &quot;Sister Disco&quot; is almost  &quot;good&quot;, &quot;Had enough&quot; is almost &quot;almost good&quot;  (Rogers singing ruins it), Love coming down is just plain fair, but the  rest is... I cant write the word, yknow? But contradictory as it might  be, Roger is a demigod singing so well the bad ones. He had to make amends,  right? I believe the problem with Pete here is that there is the smell of  Keiths death coming, and like in Aromatherapy scents getting decomposed,  it gives him bad vibes. Thank God theres always the good John! He was to  save the next album, &quot;Face dances&quot;. (Excuse my poor English).
0800141326|4.0|You should not take this movie seriously! Think of it a a tongue-in-cheek spoof of monster movies. Very shallow characters, so shallow that they had to be written that way.  Lots of action and some pretty good SFX (and a lot  of rain!) The bad reviews come from people expecting a realistic  action/drama (ID4,Contact,Armageddon,etc...) Enjoy the action,SFX,and look  for the humor. You won't be dissapointed!
B000002P6R|3.0|Not only the worst album The Who recorded, its a bad album coming from any group. Surely the sound is very good and clean, but the songs (exceptions there are) are so dull. Yes, Petes songs are dull! But John  provided two excellent songs, &quot;You&quot; and &quot;The Quiet  One&quot;, among the best of The Who, and thats why I am giving it three  stars. In the revised edition, there are things such as &quot;Its in  you&quot; that would make the album even worse, if it wasnt for the great  live versions of &quot;How can you do it alone&quot; and &quot;The quiet  one&quot; plus &quot;Somebody saved me&quot;. If you want the latter days  Who, &quot;Its hard&quot; is the one to get.
B000002IOW|5.0|There isn't much I can add to what's already been said. This was my first Rush studio album, but I had expectations of what it would sound like, having been aware of the band for 10 years at that point.  when I first  listened to it, I was awestruck.  It doesn't have the &quot;in your  face&quot; sound of hard rock-- rather, it sounds like they're playing from  very far away (this was also when Geddy's voice dropped, so..)<br />Still,  though, the production is so affecting, and the music more adventrous than  any done before or since by the boys.  With most Rush albums, you can sense  a logical progression from album to album.<br />But this transitional album  stands alone among all rock albums as a masterpiece, and a backhand slap to  anyone who thinks &quot;Tom Sawyer&quot; is all they ever did.
6305166021|5.0|I ordered this after watching a PBS special, I expected my family to like it, they love it! I have 4 children ages 11 to 5 and they have watched this dance video every single day since I've recieved it. This is the most  watched video in our house. Michael is simply superb!! A good example of  how your dreams really can come true!! (for your kids) The dance is just  unbelievable, we discuss how much time and practice it must take to pull  this off every time they watch it, which is every day! My children now have  begun research on the godess Erin and other aspects of Ireland and its  history. Michael I thank ye! Has to be the best video I have ever seen.  Still see new things as I watch it for the 4th and 5th times!
079213690X|5.0|Braveheart.  This is a movie I first came to see in the cinemas, and have since seen on video numerous times.  It's a surperbly made film with hero Mel Gibson and gorgeous co-star Sophie Marceau.  This is a movie you will  fall in love and I guarantee you will want to see it time and time again.   HEy, it may not follow exactly how it happened, but it sure makes you want  to seek the true story of William Wallace, and it sure is a great promo for  Scotland and its rich cultural history! Freee-dom!  My fav quote(s) :  &quot;I wanna believe!&quot; &quot;It's my Ire-land!&quot; :)
0783233477|5.0|Meet Joe Black had gotten poor reviews, primarily because it was 3 hrs long. I love both Pitt and Hopkins, so decided to see it anyway. Then I saw it 14 more times. Does anyone out there really think watching Brad and Tony  on a movie screen for 3 hrs is a problem? It felt like 1 hr., trust me. I  highly recommend this movie. Brad alternates between  charming,innocent,commanding, sexy (well, truthfully, he's always  sexy),sensitive,funny, sad, and on and on. It's a movie about love,  betrayal, justice, and loss. And it is powerful, funny, and poignant. See  it and enjoy!
0375707972|2.0|Wish that I hadn't wasted my time reading this book...too many good books out there.
0385486804|3.0|In the book Chris McCandless had a good idea base, get back to being one with nature. However, his thoughts were flawed in that he never thought this idea all of the way through. Sure people must become more closely  related to nature than they are today. We abuse nature's resources and  never really appreciate her beauty. Most people can't because they're too  caught up in their life in the city of of making money, they lose sight of  their roots. Chris McCandless realized this and tried to get closer to  nature but in his thought process he figured people didn't need others,  only nature. Without other people emotions are pointless. Our friends make  us happy and our enemies make us angery, nature doesn't do this for us. If  humankind were meant to live solely by themselves in nature, people  probably wouldn't have emotions not to mention an enormous number of  problems would arise in the way of reproduction. McCandless was wrong in  his idea that people don't need others. Without others to makes us feel  sorrow or joy we are nothing. Emotions evoked by others are what make us  who we are. Chris McCandless even realized this when he was in Alaska. He  felt it was time to go back to civilization. Why, because he was too  lonely. He needed other people just like everybody else. A second flaw in  Chris McCandless' thoughts is the sources from which he drew his ideas from  and how he applied them to his own life from authors such as Tolstoy,  London, Thoreau, etc. Not to say that these men don't have good points, but  there are many more peoples' thoughts in other books that should be  considered as well. McCandless seemed to take only what he like and discard  the rest. He took no heed to the fact that some of these men who he  worshiped were hypocritical. They preached chastity but practiced something  else. Some of his favorite authors tried to write stories involving  landscapes they didn't know everything about. Chris McCandless tried to  live a Henry Thoreau life style in a Jack London setting. Living off the  land doesn't quite work when you're trying to live off of a frozen tundra.  McCandless needed to have more realistic settings in which to employ his  ideas. In the end Jon Krakauer's presentation of McCandless' life is to  disjointed. It would probably be best to tell McCandless' story from  beginning to end and not jump all over the place. He even interjects  personal information in awkward places.
0375707972|5.0|Bernhard Schlink touches on a subject most Americans are sheltered from in our own post Vietnam crisis.  He has provided an awareness and an avenue of questioning.  When Michael reflects on sadness, or happiness and the  shattering of it, and recounts conversations with his father he reavels a  writing style and opportunity for reflection for the reader, not commonly  found in fiction.  Cybertoe obviously has quite an interest in Oprah's  picks, or he wouldn't be wasting our time with such drivel.  For the  educated reader, this book provides thought provking entertainment.
B000003S0P|3.0|This isn't my favorite King Crimson album, although it contains much good stuff.  This is a work by a band in the process of disintegration, led by a guitarist who was ready to give up the whole business.<br />These are  exceptional musicians, however, and this one has its shining moments.  Especially noteworthy is the rythmically complex title track and the improv  &quot;Providence.&quot;  I honestly don't much care for &quot;Fallen  Angel,&quot; &quot;One More Red Nightmare,&quot; or the arrangement of  &quot;Starless,&quot; although the latter is a tune with some  promise.<br />Generally speaking, I don't think the horn playing works  particularly well.  It's too safe and routine.
B00000251N|5.0|When I was in junior high (in the early 70s), I got my first cassette tape player for my birthday.  The only tape we had in the house to play was Jonathan Livingston Seagull.  I played it and stuck it away as soon as I  bought my &quot;rock music&quot;, because I would have been embarrassed if  someone found out I liked classical music.  I have replaced that cassette  twice, and now I will replace it with a CD.  It has turned out to be my  most favorite album of all times.  I am a sailor, and there is nothing more  spiritual then to take my boat out in the warmth of summer, anchor it in a  quiet cove, wait until after dark when the sky is full of stars and the  light of the moon reflects off the water, put this cassette in, and sit  back and relax.  There is nothing better!
B000001DYJ|5.0|The album starts off with one of their best (Creatres Of The Night).  If you Plan to buy some of their best songs I recomend this, I feel the songs are better than Smashes, Thrashes, &amp; Hit. This is highly recomended.   The group is not the origil four, this album includes Paul Stanley, Gene  Simmons, Eric Singer, and Bruce Kulick. If you are interested this CD  includes a &quot;Kiss&quot; family tree, its very interesting.
0780623703|5.0|One day, at the video place I work at(eeriely, in the town of &quot;PLEASANTON&quot;), a woman told me how much she hated Pleasantville. I asked her why and she basically told me that it made &quot;good  things&quot; seem &quot;bad&quot; and &quot;bad things&quot; seem  &quot;good&quot;. Such is the case in this movie, as J.T. Walsh's  character, &quot;Big Bob&quot; demonstrates. I then noticed that this is  the same woman who wanted to rent &quot;Midnight Express&quot; to  &quot;instill the fear of God&quot; in her kids.<br />Such is  puritanism.<br />1998's &quot;Pleasantville&quot; was a much over-looked film  that was ignored for the main reasons above. This is one of the few films  of last year that I could honestly say I want to see it again and mean it.  It's the movie that &quot;What Dreams May Come&quot; should have been:  light on the effects and art direction...use it as your back-drop like a  fine painting. Then, you fill in your plot and characters.<br />And they pick  some fine ones. Tobey Maguire is wonderfully innocent as his Pleasantville  reincarnation, Bud. He basically is obssessed with this old television show  that he watches like a religion that his sister, Jennifer(Reese  Witherspoon)/Mary Sue(when she is in P-ville) absolutely detests. Bud  represents the connection to the old times and how his character changes  from start to finish is truly something to behold. Jennifer, as I said, is  his exact opposite. She basically sleeps around, drinks, smokes, and  occasionally studies until her and Bud are sucked inside of the show via a  magical remote control(you have to suspend belief a little for this one to  work) given to them by a magical T.V. Repairman(Don Knotts in a wonderful  return to his great years) when their remote control is broken as a result  of a fight over the one thing America craves: television.<br />And the world  they soon inhabit is &quot;perfect&quot;. This is what America used to be:  black-and-white. No arguments, no taboos, no people different from  themselves. It's amazing, by looking at this place, to see how much we have  changed.<br />That's the main point and focus of this film. In Pleasantville,  we meet the typical 50's-sitcom, Mom and Dad (played by Academy Award  Nominees Joan Allen and William H. Macy, respectively), the mayor of the  town(J.T. Walsh, who has never been better) and the town diner waiter(Jeff  Daniels, in a performance that should have had him nominated).<br />Tobey  basically tells his sister, &quot;Mary Sue&quot; not to change their  universe. It could all go to hell. So much for that! The first boy Mary  dates, she has a relationship with and soon, teaches him about all the  wisdom of 90's dating. This is where the changes start to occur. Pretty  soon, the town is blooming in color with some great symbolism. If you think  about it, sex is what started the change, which relates to STD's today. At  Lover's Lane, the girl picks the apple off the tree, which starts the  &quot;sin&quot; in the town, just like Adam and Eve's tale. And let's not  forget the &quot;No Coloreds Allowed&quot; signs in the shop windows,  showing us the racism that this country showed at one time. And how about  the book-burning scene? Reminiscent of Hitler, wasn't it? How about when  Bud punched Whitey and red blood bled from his black and white face? Just  goes to show you that know matter how different we look, we all have the  same blood in us.<br />Some of the best parts are the inside jokes. The  writers must love &quot;The Simpsons&quot; because one of the neighbors is  &quot;Mr. Simpson&quot; and the town that Jenny travels to is  &quot;Springfield&quot;.<br />I could go on forever. Pleasantville was that  good. And so, this film is for the purists. This film shows you that with  time, there comes change. And the best part is, you will never know what  will come next.<br />--Mattboos, no people different from  themselves. It's amazing, by looking at this place, to see how much we have  changed.<br />That's the main point and focus of this film. In Pleasantville,  we meet the typical 50's-sitcom, Mom and Dad (played by Academy Award  Nominees Joan Allen and William H. Macy, respectively), the mayor of the  town(J.T. Walsh, who has never been better) and the town diner waiter(Jeff  Daniels, in a performance that should have had him nominated). <br />Tobey  basically tells his sister, &quot;Mary Sue&quot; not to change their  universe. It could all go to hell. So much for that! The first boy Mary  dates, she has a relationship with and soon, teaches him about all the  wisdom of 90's dating. This is where the changes start to occur. Pretty  soon, the town is blooming in color with some great symbolism. If you think  about it, sex is what started the change, which relates to STD's today. At  Lover's Lane, the girl picks the apple off the tree, which starts the  &quot;sin&quot; in the town, just like Adam and Eve's tale. And let's not  forget the &quot;No Coloreds Allowed&quot; signs in the shop windows,  showing us the racism that this country showed at one time. And how about  the book-burning scene? Reminiscent of Hitler, wasn't it? How about when  Bud punched Whitey and red blood bled from his black and white face? Just  goes to show you that know matter how different we look, we all have the  same blood in us.<br />Some of the best parts are the inside jokes. The  writers must love &quot;The Simpsons&quot; because one of the neighbors is  &quot;Mr. Simpson&quot; and the town that Jenny travels to is  &quot;Springfield&quot;.<br />I could go on forever. Pleasantville was that  good. And so, this film is for the purists. This film shows you that with  time, there comes change. And the best part is, you will never know what  will come next.<br />--Matt
0871137380|3.0|It was incredible book but Mr. Bowden completely ignored and downplayed the role of the QRF (2-14 Infantry and its attachments.)  I realize that Mark was telling the story of the rangers but it seemed like he didn't want  to acknowledge the QRF except were he had no choice.   readers please keep  in mind that the QRF suffered 2 KIA and 28 WIA and yet there was barely a  mention of it.  consider the consequences had they failed (much more than  18 dead, I assure you)  Mark interviewed many, many rangers yet only 4 or 5  of the 300 QRF soldiers involved.  Certainly not a &quot;complete&quot;  account of the battle.  He also could have interviewed some of the  Malaysians and Pakastani soldiers, who probably saved ALL our lives with  their tanks and APC's Other than my complaining, it was an extremely well  detailed book that brought back tons of memories and insights into a  bizarre chapter of my life.  I just don't understand Mark's ignorance of  the QRF.  They were the most disciplined and hard-core unit I ever saw, far  from the &quot;incompetent, civilian-like schmoes&quot; he described us as!
0425107469|5.0|&quot;Watchers&quot; was the book that got me hooked on Koontz.  Although I have been disappointed by some of his work since this one, &quot;Watchers&quot; was by far the most entertaining and heartwarming  novel he has written.  As a dog lover, I still get choked up thinking about  Einstein the Golden Retriever and believe my dog my be almost as smart.   <br />I borrowed this book many years ago when it first came out and have  decided (after reading the reviews in Amazon) that I need to get one for my  own library.  DON'T judge this book by what you may have seen in movie  form, they all sucked.  Please DK, give us a sequel for the puppies.
6304297912|5.0|Sons &amp; daughters of Alexander Trocchi, rejoice!  Although I couldn't quite understand Robert Carlyle, his performance as a Scottish Joe Pesci violence-for-the-sake-of-violence Francis Begbie was high-voltage.  I plan  to get the book now.  I've seen the film 6 times, and it's always the same  - f***in' bloody great!!
6305265488|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this video.  The scenery is breath-taking and the story grabs you from the first frame.  I loved that Danielle did not need to be rescued by the Prince, but rescued herself.  What a great role model  for girls and women in this day and age.  I would recommend this movie to  anyone that loves a good story with a very thinly veiled message.
B000000WCX|4.0|His fastest, most hyperactively vibratory album ever released (if you thought the drum machine in &quot;Shining Star (Making My Love)&quot; from NEVER LET ME DOWN was fast, wait until you hear THIS), Bowie proves yet  again that the 90s have been every bit as fresh and creative for him as the  70s were. I have heard that this is supposed to be his collaberation with  NIN's Trent Reznor...if this is true, Reznor must be using yet another one  of his little pseudonyms again...&quot;Reeves Gabrels&quot;? But  anyway...if you love quick techodance albums, you'll adore this. Not top  ten fluff by any means, however, so no need to worry about another LET'S  DANCE disaster. If Reznor is indeed partially at work here, that explains  one of the reasons why EARTHLING works so well--Reznor, unlike a ton of his  commonday ilk, is an actual songwriter, and (whether his followers admit it  or not), his songs aren't really technoindustrial compositions: they're pop  songs performed in a technoindustrial style. That makes him the perfect  fusion with Bowie's musical chops. Despite the typically dark Bowie lyrics,  the music on this one is surprisingly upbeat much of the time, at least to  me. Virtually all of the songs are winners, with personal favourites  including &quot;Looking for Satellites&quot;, &quot;Battle for  Britain&quot;, &quot;I'm Afraid of Americans&quot; (LOVE that guitar on the  chorus!!!) and ESPECIALLY &quot;The Last Thing You Should Do&quot;. And how  about that horn work in &quot;Seven Years in Tibet&quot;? Bowie is still  every bit as much of a genius as he always was... and this piece proves it,  guaranteed to satisfy even the most stubborn of skeptics.
0790736233|5.0|I don't know what some of you are saying, this was the best movie I have ever seen and I've seen a lot of comparable movies. Those who said it was terrible or a Crapfest are probaly hicks who can't see past guns and  explosions in films, try thinking for once.   I congratulate those who  liked it, I'm under thirteen years of age and I did.
0844663662|5.0|This was the most enjoyable and interesting novel to read its vonnegut at his best,if you could only choose to read on book on a vacation this would have to be it.
0792151712|2.0|A good plot Idea, But ruined by several things, Most of all by leo, he's a pitiful actor. there was no emotion whatsoever, For a better film see contact, Titanic is a flea on that film's skin.
6302759110|5.0|This movie was beautifully made. Great cast with wonderful music. Especially for the scenes when 2 things happen at the same time (Dracula kills Lucy/Mina gets married) or when 2 things appear on the screen at the  same time (Mina talks about the princess while Elizabeta's pictures appear  on the wall). <br />A MUST SEE!!!
6305342776|5.0|Is THE BLACK HOLE a movie with a sub-par script and mediocre acting? Yep, no doubt.  But it is also the most hauntingly beautiful of all the late seventies sci-fi movies, lovingly crafted with dazzling special effects and  an almost medieval set design. The score is perhaps the best sci-fi score  of the period, and it all contributes to a visually and aurually stirring  experience that transcends the rather wretched nature of the narrative.  Quite an artistic achievement, and this DVD is the first time since the  theatrical release that we'll be able to appreciate the film's qualities in  a crisp, widescreen presentation. (the previous video and laserdisc  transfers were cropped and close to unwatchable).
B000003PJ2|5.0|this is the greatest soul album ever. that's all there really is to it.  get it on vinyl if you can, if you can't, get the comp that has this and the b-sides... kevin rowland is the greatest soul singer ever, ok? do it.
0790729644|5.0|This film deserved every Oscar it received (a rare occurrence) and will certainly be remembered as one of the decade's finest pictures.  Clint plays up his age and delivers a stark message on the prevalence and spread  of violence in our world.  Will Munny learns that some people are killers  at heart, and they can never escape from it.  Chilling and emotionally  devastating.  Clint and Gene Hackman give two of the best performances of  their extremely distinguished careers.
6304773382|5.0|When I was living in England in 1995, this movie was out....  Oddly enough, I didn't get to see this movie over there in England, but I got to see it here, when I back into the States.  This movie was HUGE in England,  and strangely enough, not over here...  I don't know what exactly happened  when this movie crossed the pond, but evidently when this movie got over  here from England, it took a nose dive right into our eastern sea shore.  I  really LOVED this movie, and it's a GREAT  flick, if you want to watch  Petty's character stomp, (oddly enough &quot;Stomp&quot; is a title of one  of the songs in this movie) the fire out of McDonell's character, and then  go on to save the world's water supply all at one time.
6304698682|3.0|Although most reviewers site this film as a remake of SHANE, Eastwood is really returning to the storyline of his own 1972 film HIGH PLAINS DRIFTER, but minus that film's brutality and, unfortunately, its single-mindedness.  PALE RIDER has a difficult time finding its center: is it Eastwood's  &quot;Preacher&quot; or Michael Moriarty's settler?  Although the weakest  of the quartet of Westerns Clint directed, it's still entertaining and  beautifully shot, and the sequence where seven assassins gun a miner down  in the street is memorable.
0792839234|5.0|I saw this film back in 1979 when it first came out and I was blown away. Absolutely the best horror film ever made, bar none! Nothing else needs to be said.
0783225725|5.0|If you're not sure what you're getting into, HIGH PLAINS DRIFTER may repulse you.  It's shocking, cruel, immoral, violent, and outright sadistic.  Man, is it great!  Eastwood takes &quot;The Man With No  Name&quot; persona and pushes him into a new realm, sucking all essence of  humanity out of him and creating a striking, mesmerizing, and unique  &quot;hero&quot;.  The film almost becomes an oblique work of art, and this  plus its harshness might turn-off the more conventional film goer.  But  there's no denying the film's power and quality.
6301643410|4.0|Michael Douglas and Andy Garcia do a good job as New York City cops hunting down a member of the Japanese Yakuza (aptly played by Yusaku Matsuda).  Their assignment takes them to Japan where Michael Douglas  learns a lesson in honor from a Japanese police inspector played by the  well known, respected Japanese actor, Ken Takakura.  Though the film has a  dark, dismal feel to it, I enjoyed it, as it teaches one that honor is  important, in all phases of our lives.  I also very much enjoyed the music  by Gregg Allman.
0792836502|4.0|This movie is a sweeping homage to a forgotten genre, with multi-faceted characters, lush photography, and an unforgettable music score.  Eastwood's ultra-capable Man With No Name is the quitessential survivor, forming an  uneasy alliance with a Mexican outlaw (Eli Wallach in perhaps his best  role) in a search for hidden gold.  Lee Van Cleef lends his usual  steely-eyed presence as the third member of the trio in search of the  treasure.  The movie is actually one great collection of moments that ring  true, one right after the other.  Wallach running through the Sandhill  Cemetery, looking for the right grave where the gold is buried, to the tune  of Ennio Morricone's pounding score, is absolutely unforgettable.  Not to  be missed.
B000001DTM|5.0|The words ring true today, as they did almost 8 years ago (eight!)....&quot;I'm ready, ready for what's next...&quot;   What was next was what today stands as the seminal album of the 90's.  Other albums have  stayed popular longer, but no other album dared us to think, to feel, to  close our eyes and check out, to know that we are not alone, we are  &quot;One,&quot; but we are not the same.  This album is shockingly modern  in its tone - it sounds more 21st century than any of the music out there  today.   The timelessness of its themes, love, hope, lost, regained,  beauty, hurt, peace, &amp; turmoil....from the story of our hero, setting  forth on a great journey through 12 evolving, challenging tracks.  Listen  for him, he speaks to you in every tune, struggling, growing, and taking  you along through every turn. This albums speaks, it listens, it props you  up, and lets you fall gently back down - secure in the faith that no matter  what, at any moment, that voice, that guitar, that ryhthm, that beat, will  sound again, and lift you up. I'll never forget the first time I heard this  album.  Three times in a row, straight through, lying on my bed, eyes  closed.  2 1/2 hours passed and I didn't want to stop.  Try it some time.   Stop your life for a few hours, slip it on repeat and forget.  And  remember.  And imagine this world - its so real, its so honest.  It will  take you there, or anywhere, anytime you need it.  Even when its not  playing. A remarkable work. Thank you, U2.
B000000WCA|1.0|If your into childish bubblegum pop that resembles a commercial jingle more than a piece of art this album was made for you. It's obvious that sex appeal and fashion is what's beng pushed here. If your over the age of 4  and even remotely appreciate real art don't expect to find it here.  Peeeeeee-Yoouuuuuuuuu!!!!
0399143904|5.0|Tom Clancy out did himself this time with this fast paced novel, I couldn't put it down it was so great.
B0000025CP|5.0|Stained Class was a huge step forward for the band in every way. Their sound is more polished then previous albums and was a big departure from the blues based rock they started out playing. None of the songs are among  their best known, yet it is arguably thier best work. Saints in Hell,  Savage, and Hero's End are worth the price of the album alone. A must for  any true metal fan.
B000002NHN|5.0|Fusion of East and West is not easy, and not many artistes manage to do this successfully. Loreena McKennitt has managed to do this exceptionally well in this album. The Mummer's Dance seems to be the most popular track and it is easy to see why - the lilting melody made me feel like swaying gently and losing myself in another world. Marco Polo and La Serenissima made me feel like I was going on a long journey on a caravan to some exotic Eastern lands, while Ride On and Dante's Prayer brought lumps to my throat.  <br />This is not one of those albums with one or two good songs; almost every song is a jewel. A good addition to any collection.
B000002KB8|5.0|If I coulds add another 5 stars I would!A historical moment in music. One of the few bands where everything just fit. The atmosphere of this recording provides a perfect vehicle for visions and anxieties never delt  with before. &quot;The Wizard&quot; is a blueprint for Bill Ward's odd and  totally original rhythmic style. Tony Iommi's instantly recognizable and  exaggerated note bends touch some deep dark recess of the brain. Geezer  Butler's lyrics are hauntingly surreal and in terms of character and  believability Ozzy was without a doubt the best man on earth for the job.  This album is a gothic nightmare come true. You will not regret!
B000002C1X|5.0|The age old question, Which is a better album, Dark Side of the Moon or The Wall?  I think you have to be the judge of that yourself, but they are both excellent albums, posibly the two greatest ever.The Wall stands out  for it's story, artwork, movie, and certain songs.  One of the few  &quot;ROCK OPERAS&quot;,  it tells the story of Pink, a rock star who  eventually goes crazy from buliding up a &quot;Wall&quot;.  The story is  outstanding, frightening, and interesting.  By seeing the movie, you really  are able to understand the entire album, for at times it is difficult.  One  of the negitive parts of this album is it's darkness and ability to depress  someone. The move is also somewhat responsible for this too. When I listen  to &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot;, I'm reminded of &quot;The Wizard of  Oz&quot;The majority of the songs on The Wall are very good, some classics.   Greats include, &quot;Another Brick in the Wall pt. II&quot;,  &quot;Mother&quot;, &quot;Young Lust&quot;, &quot;Goodbye Blue Skies&quot;,  &quot;Hey You&quot;, &quot;Comfortably Numb&quot; and &quot;Run Like  Hell&quot;.  Other good songs that aren't recognized enough are both of the  &quot;In The Flesh&quot;, &quot;Waiting on the Worms&quot;  &quot;The  Trial&quot; and &quot;Another Brick in the Wall pt. I&quot;.  The rest of  the album is just mediocre. Where &quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; doesn't  have the interesting concept the &quot;The Wall&quot; does, it makes up for  it in its nine fabulous songs, which all are classics.  The music on  &quot;DSOTM&quot; is better than &quot;The Wall&quot;, and really what all  bands are doing is making music, not a play or a story.  That is why I  believe Dark Side of the Moon is a better album.  If you feel any different  and would like to express your opinions, plesase e-mail me.  But why  bicker, just get both of them and enjoy!!!
6301966562|5.0|I first saw this movie on HBO in 1984 and taped it off the air. It is one of the best movies of its genere that I have ever seen unfortunatly my old tape has worn out but I won't pay this much for something 15 yrs old. I  only paid $15 for Heavy Metal and Rocky Horror when They were finally  released.
0375707972|4.0|There must be a Hanna in each of our lives in some way, whether she is the lover, the love lost, or the misunderstood. This book brings together so many different ideas--first love, social issues, moral issues, history. The  story told here is too real to not be true, too possible to not be real.  Though it is a quick and simple read, the messages it contains are profound  and will last much longer than it takes to read the book.
B000002IWH|5.0|Wup A$$. Not to hard is it??? Get a copy!!!
0385493800|5.0|I had a hard time putting this one down.  I would rate this one second to A Time To Kill.
0345403959|5.0|The crowning achievement of both the Belgariad and the Mallorean.  I was waiting for this book since I was quite young and picked up &quot;Pawn of Prophecy&quot; at the store.  I waited until I thought I was going to  explode for each new book in the series to come out, and after waiting  soooo long, all I can say is it was worth every moment!  This series of  twelve books is my most precious collection in my stacks of books, they  make me laugh, shout for joy, weep tears of sadness and brings me into a  world as real as the one you ar I live in.  I love them all, Durnik, Barak,  Silk, Garion, Ce'Nedra and all the rest....yes you too Yarblek.  If I could  do but one thing in this life it would be to seek out Mr. Eddings and thank  him for writing such a series of books that has made my life better by  reading them over and over again.  Thank you!!!!!!!
B000002J1L|5.0|No other music can conjure up the feelings and visions you get from this album. I would only suggest it to the musically adventerous though. Most people can't get past the heavy use of keyboards and complicated passages.  The guitar parts to &quot;The Giant Hogweed&quot; sound like an Iron Maiden  riff(almost a decade older)and is suprisingly heavy sounding. The  musicianship is amazing and the songwriting is top notch. If your into  fanciful artrock this album is in the top 10 of all time.
B0000029AL|5.0|This CD is an enduring landmark in the history of the craft.  The raw rock n' roll blues groove that has now almost been eradicated is in evidence throughout this disc.  <br />Being a latecomer to the band, I've had this  album for about 10 years, and it remains as fresh as when I bought it  (While most of _Big Ones_, for example, got stale after a matter of  months).  There is much to explore in this album; it is a worthy investment  of your time and your money.  The band may have improved technically from  this album, but its heart and soul remain most fully exposed here, without  any of the &quot;rock star&quot; nonsense, and it is a delight to the  ears.<br />Buy this album.
B0000025SB|5.0|Please I need this album in a hurry!!! Or at least a copy of the song Final Cut My husband gave it to me on our first date...after hurricaine Andrew it is impossible to get this album...
6305169187|5.0|Bruce Willis has it all. Ben Affleck is going to be a excellent young cocky movie actor, who could end up like Bruce Willis.
6305282943|5.0|The THX restored widescreen edition of OKLAHOMA! has finally reached us and thank goodness Fox used the TODD-AO original, rather than the tired CinemaScope version as their source.  As noted above in an earlier review,  this is far brighter with more exuberant performances.  The vistas of blue  sky and cloud formations are breathtaking.  Here the main title is  different than the Scope version, coming first, rather than after the  opening cornfield sequence.   There are extended scenes in the runaway  carriage and round-up segments in the TODD-AO version that are not in the  Scope version.  A few 3-D-like effects with a lariat and a mallet here that  are not in the Scope version.   The Overture, Entr'Acte and Exit Music are  all here.  Final Eller scene different in each and Grahame's line  deliveries tend to vary in each; otherwise the two are shot for shot, line  for line almost identical, except for the brightness and joy of the fresh  performances in the TODD-AO version.   Run to buy this one.
6303824382|5.0|Bruce Willis Is John Mclane. Honns Gruber's brother Simon is coming back for revenge. This time, Mclane has a back-up partner, and even more back up! In a more fiction Die Hard, there's a treat at the end for all you Die  Hard Fans! It really worth 5 stars!
6302769051|5.0|Many people believe Unforgiven to be an action packed movie.  It is not.  Unforgiven is an excellent expression of one actor, director, producer, and artist's opinion of violence.  This is perhaps the most anti-violence movie  out there.  Anyone who believes this movie to be action packed must have  been born after 1992. This movie I HIGHLY recamend to any Eastwood fan.
6305265488|5.0|I just saw this movie today and thought that it was good, but not the best Drew movie I have ever seen.  I am personally a Wedding Singer Fan.  Anyway, this movie was a little too predictable in places and weak in some  areas.  The whole gypsy thing was a little strange, I thought, but it  eventually all came together.  I recommend this movie if you are totally  into romance.  If not, stay away.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|The Offspring continue to make great records.  Unlike other 90s bands (like so many of the early 90s alt rock bands), these guys continue to have spunk.  Anyone with the nerve to take a sappy song like  &quot;Feelings&quot; and turn it into a cool punk rock song deserves 5  stars!  &quot;Pretty Fly For A White Guy&quot; and &quot;Why Don't You Get  A Job&quot; are great.  The one band that seems to understand that you can  make great music and be funny at the same time!
B000002UB3|5.0|Their last album , some consider it their best (of course that's REVOLVER) . But this is probably the most beatiful album ever . From the dark Lennon-opener &quot;come together&quot; to the immortal beauty of  &quot;something&quot; it flows in a perfect way to the breath-taking song  suite on side 2 . It's a pity they called it quits , I keep wondering what  could have come next ... *****
B000001EXB|5.0|I've owned and loved this album for over a year, now.  The Elton just gets better with age.  Those of you looking for him to do the falsetto capering of his youth, maybe you'll be disappointed, but as for me, I find in his  present singing a richness and depth (both vocally and emotionally) that  make The Elton remain my Captain Fantastic.
B000002UAU|5.0|Sgt.Pepper . Probably the most famous album in pop music history . In strictly musical sense it's weaker than &quot;revolver&quot; , but what's different about this one is it's cultural rather than it's aesthetic  meaning . This is the album that declared for the whole world that R&amp;R  was actually an art form . Than again listen to the still baffling  stereo-effects , the musical creativity from the rocking sgt.pepper to the  dreamy psychedelica of &quot;Lucy&quot; , to the 20's music from &quot;when  I'm 64&quot; . All the tracks actually add up making a sum that's actually  greater than the parts and in that sense it represented the band themselve.  The last track is even more genial than the REVOLVER-closer ... these guys  were good and the fact that 30 years later it still is considered the most  important recording in pop music history only shows how ahead of their  times THE BEATLES were ... *****
B000001EGA|5.0|Incomparable, exceptional artistry from start to finish.  Sticking the three bonus tracks on the end was a stupid idea, but the final original track, Curtains, has such a long instrumental finale that you have plenty  of time to catch the CD and restart it before the bonus tracks begin. ;-)  <br /> I have many fond memories of this album, as it was the first Elton  album I ever owned.  His music has been a major part of my life, from the  early days on, but if you own no other early Elton, BUY CAPTAIN  FANTASTIC!<br /> Actually, whatever you own, if you don't yet own Captain  Fantastic, buy it!  Really. Not just an Elton classic, a classic, period.
B000002HRE|5.0|I think that this is an excellent metallica album and I don't know what's wrong with everyone. I would reccomend this one.
B000000WFF|5.0|I have a copy of this album for sale. If you want it, email me. Get it before someone else does! The Spice Girls may be out-but they're still hot! It's only ten (10) dollars! What a steal! So spice up your life with  SpiceWorld from the Spice Girls-the best girl band ever! This album  includes the ballads &quot;Spice Up Your Life&quot;, &quot;Too Much&quot;,  and &quot;Stop!&quot; If you want it, tell me and I'll sell it to you! And  I also have &quot;Spice&quot; (also by the Spice Girls) for sale for the  same price. That album includes the ballads &quot;Wannabe&quot;, &quot;2  Become 1&quot;, and &quot;Say You'll Be There&quot;.
B0000047CX|5.0|It is a very special, romantic cd . I would surely put it as a background music on a date or something like that. I think this Cd , and this type of music is EXTREAMLY GOOD. Don't be cheap. BUY IT NOW!
B000002C1W|5.0|I can never get tired of listening to this album. It really moves me.  It impressed me a lot how creative it is and how clearly it communicates! I lost it in my last move and here I am buying it again!!!
067101756X|5.0|Col Corso is a name that I had heard before, while I was attached to AF Intelligence in Washington D.C.  Many of the items that he mentions ring true to what knowledge I had of certain events and occurances relating to  the &quot;foreign technologies division.&quot;  I throughly believe Col  Corso's rather simple explanation of inter-service rivalries overshadowing  the greatest discovery of all time.  You had to be inside to realize how  compartmentalization and competition could cause events to unfold as the  Colonel explains.  <br />He had nothing to gain from this revelation - except  the knowledge that he had stopped decieving the American people.  Trust me,  as a Colonel he did not need the little income that this book probably  provided - expecially not at the expense of his reputation and integrity.   He was there.  He was part of it.  His conscience was clear.
0782008399|5.0|This movie was so fantastic, i bought it as soon as i possibly could.  I recommended this film to so many of my friends and i must say that everyone loved it.  The planning was so precise and so well executed, i couldn't ask  for a better film.  Great job!!!!
0788811355|5.0|I thought this movie was extraordinary, and definitely deserved best picture because it had depth, even if it was a little slow for some tastes.  Yes, some of the characters were unlikeable at times, but this made them  all the more believable.  In other words they weren't the average  cookie-cutter characters, and it certainly wasn't the average love story.   Also, Fiennes never ceases to amaze me.  It's incredible that he can play  so many completely different roles, from Amon Goeth in Schindler's List to  Lenny in Strange Days.  And this is certainly no acception.
1878424114|5.0|This book is packed with critical information on scientific, emotional, and spiritual levels.  The exercizes are heart-healing.  I've been through the book seven times and will teach it soon.  My largest 2 sales happened  while I was prayerfully studying this book (thanks to voice mail).  It will  change your life.
6305365121|5.0|This movie was great!  The acting was excellent and so where the FX
0679428887|4.0|this was a great read - i learned alot about stalinist russia - and had alot of fun with the plot - for a thriller, i thought the writing was  definitely above average, and the main characters Kelso, O'Brian, and  Savourin(sp.?) were extremely well drawn.  I had alot of fun with this  book - Great airplane read but way above level of normal thriller writers.
6304383177|5.0|This is the funniest movie ever made. &quot;What's Up Doc&quot; was made as a tribute to this screwball comedy. &quot;Bringing Up Baby&quot; is the complete comedy: script, director, cameraman, editing and what a cast!  Proves that movies don't need to be R-rated to be funny.
1573226521|2.0|What a great premise...and what great promise.  English hippie drifter and young French couple go to a remote paradise off the coast of Thailand.  And then things start to go bad.  The problem with The Beach is that it's like  a day at a remote tropical beach.  It's promising, it's pretty, it's  otherworldly, but almost nothing happens.  The threat of a violent run-in  with Thai gangsters who grow marijuana on the island is briefly realized at  the end of the book but Garland could have done much more with this  interesting subplot.  The characters are a mostly colorless lot.  The men  and women in The Beach all seem to sleep in the same room on one of the  most remote islands in the world yet no sexual activity takes place.  This  is clearly no paradise by the dashboard lights.
B000002OR4|5.0|John William's score of Schindler's List is absolutely breathtaking. The music is haunting and melancholy, and the main theme will stay with you for DAYS after hearing it. Truly a masterpeice!
B000002MY3|5.0|Wow!! This is one of the best CDs I've ever heard!!! Whenever I vacuum, just turn on the Alanis Morrisette, and scream along w/ it! It is the best!
1573226521|5.0|I was a little hesitant to pick this book up since I don't normally like what passes for literature these days. But this book was great. The story and the characters were compelling, and Garland did an excellent job of  portraying his generation without sentimentality or arrogance. I do have to  say that I am horrified to learn that Leonardo Dicaprio will be playing  Richard in the movie version. He doesn't fit the description at all, and he  won't be able to pull it off. Also, Tilda Swinton is a great actress, but  she doesn't exactly fit the physical description of Sal (who was described  as having flabby arms and large breasts.) I'm not expecting much from the  movie.
B000000WFF|5.0|Love them or hate them (there really isn't a middle ground) one cannot deny the Spice Girls are big and they have had (for better or worse) a huge impact on pop music and culture. Their second album is testament to this.  Despite a brilliant debut SPICE WORLD tops it with more diverse musical  styles, stronger lyrics and better vocals. The Spice Girls churn out great  song after great song and when &quot;The Lady Is A Vamp&quot; is over you  really do feel as if you have watched a show. The differing styles bounce  the listener around and you have a feeling of not knowing what to expect  next. Repeated listenings do not diminish this effect which speaks volumes  for the Spice Girls and their music. Yes, THEIR music. As can be found on  various internet sites devoted to the girls, they do write their own lyrics  and melodies. Arrangements are handled by other writers. One may call the  music and words derivitive, but this is pop music and those standards are  different, not lower than in other genres. In fact, the Spice Girls place  themselves outside the pop format on several tracks. &quot;Stop&quot; is a  wonderful homage to the Motown music of the Sixties before it turned into  bad R&amp;B. &quot;Viva Forever&quot; is authentic Spanish sounding music  with haunting strings and some of the best vocals the Girls have put on  tape since &quot;2 Become 1.&quot; &quot;The Lady Is A Vamp&quot; is  Sinatra, Las Vegas and jazz send-up all in one. &quot;Move Over&quot;  (argueably the best track on the album and my personal favorite from the  album) features the heaviest beat the Girls have grooved to on any record  and shows the quintet broadening their vocal range with angry, loud  singing, yet still retaining their wonderful harmonies. The Spice Girls'  entire discography may not be considered timeless in the future, but this  album deserves to be. In an age of worn-out rap, rock and metal, it's  wonderful to see five talented women putting art back into pop and earningthemselves the right to be called artists.
0780623134|5.0|I was 12 when I saw it the first time, just loved it, but didn't really catch anything for myself, after 4 years, now 16 I was on CBS and saw that it would be on, I canceled everything I was doing to watch it again, That  was the best thing I did, after seeing and analizing the movie and it's  wonderfull story made me think a lot, you wonder if a man could really do  that in real life, stand all the pressure, well... I think it can happen,  and more, it can be us, normal people, as Andy was, if u wanna see this  movie be ready to get excited about everything Andy does, and try to apply  it to your life, it doesn't matter how hard your life is or how old u are,  you still can do it, Just &quot;get busy living, or get busy diying&quot;  if u feel just like this u surelly will like(love) this movie, &quot;You  may say I am a dreamer, But I am not the only one. I hope some day you will  join us, and the world will live as one.&quot; John Lennon
B00000BKE1|5.0|This really is Iron Maiden at their very best. Over 6 years on, I still do not tire in listening to this fantastic album. Iron Maiden will be back with their best line-up very soon, so get this album if you want to call  yourself a fan. I enjoy a variety of musical genres but Iron Maiden have  ensured that metal stays at the top of my list. Fear of the Dark,  Childhood's End, Judas Be My Guide, and in fact just about every other song  has the Iron Maiden hallmark of quality. Still the best album they produced  in the 90s, and quite possibly their best ever. I cannot recommend it  strongly enough to all music fans. Be warned... you might become a  metalhead after just one listen!
0786860707|5.0|If you are an animator, you need this book.  If you're interested in animation, you want this book.  In my opinion, as books about the theory and practice of animation goes, there are only about two or three in the  must-have class.  This one leads that pack.<br />In particular, the  &quot;Principles of Animation&quot; chapter is the clearest and best  explanation of the principles of animation in existence.  If you're an  animator, you need to know these rules, whether or not you intend to break  them.
0385486804|5.0|I have rarely been more absorbed by a book than this one. This book is also tremendously well-written and researched.  It was obvious that the author Jon Krakauer cared deeply about the story and the story's central  character.   While many question the motives and actions of Christopher  McCandless - many have called his actions foolish and reckless.  I beg to  differ.  I think many of us have the same dreams and desires as  Christopher, yet never have enough courage to act them out.  Unfortunately,  the results were tragic, but in the end, Christopher McCandless was at  peace with himself, and lived more life in his 24 years than many have in  entire lifetimes. That's more than most can say.  I tip my hat to Mr.  Krakauer for sharing this brilliant, touching and deeply moving story.  It  is one of my favorites of all time.
6301871952|5.0|This movie was a riot!  The Gremlins are set loose on a super high-tech building and they wreak havoc.  This movie was even more underrated than the first.  Buy it now!
B000002GJ7|5.0|I owned &quot;Pornograffitti&quot; before &quot;More Than Words&quot; and &quot;Hole Hearted&quot; came out as singles, and had already become quite addicted to the harder stuff. Too bad the rest of the world (for the most  part) missed that other side of Exreme.
0553108034|5.0|This book was outstanding.  I waited a year for this one to come out and I cant wait to read the third of this collection
B000002AV5|5.0|Sade is the best artist in the music industry, and the least appreciated.  Her music is original, breathtaking and absolutely flawless! And I love the way she never rushed out a CD just to leave her fans with a half done mess  while she walks away with dollars like some of the more praised artists has  done in the past.  To me, ALL of Sade's songs were her best, and I would  recommend everything she has done to anyone.
B000000WCV|5.0|Ive never heard a simpler, more beautiful, more moving soundbyte than the one looped in &quot;Phoenix&quot;. There's just something about it. Tracks 4,5,6, and 7 are all classics.  Just make sure you always skip track 8 or  you'll go insane.
B000001DTM|5.0|Actually it's known that U2 is the band that retract the pop music's evolution in this last 20 years. Achtung Baby maybe be the U2's prime work, although they have another admirable albums and maturer than this, like the  called Pop. You'll never get tired of to listen to this perfect album
0792107683|5.0|Forget about Tom Cruise or Brad Pitt, they don't make 'em like Alan Ladd and Van Heflin anymore. This is a must-see for everyone, and true actors like these will never grace the screen again.
6305265488|5.0|I felt that Ever After was an excellent version of the classic Cinderella tale.  Even though it was a little predictable there were pleasant differences and great acting on all's behalf.  If your a romantic at heart  - you will definately like this movie!
B00000IIXH|5.0|Tracks released in November was outstanding. Bruce's book --Songs--was excellent! His speech and performance with the E Street band was sensational. I am anxiously awaiting the tour!!!!!!
B0000062GE|5.0|Just adding my .02 to all the rest of you great SW fans who've been here before me.  I heard SW on the radio back in the early 90's...&quot;What do I have to do?&quot; from W,B,B+P and I just loved it.  Bought the CD and  loved the whole thing esp. &quot;So Wrong&quot;. Then, 4 long years later  comes &quot;Darkest Days&quot; and it blows W,B,B+P away! And I have the  chance to see them up close and personal in a small local club. And let me  tell you if you don't know: they rock live! The energy, the sound, the  light-show! What a blast! And their sound was awesome-- so often bands just  tyr to be so loud, but they were perfect.  you could understand almost  every word Chris Hall uttered and hear every spooky effect from the  keyboards and programming. If they're coming to you town (check Stabbing  Westward [...] if that html don't work) go and SEE THEM  you will not be disappointed. Save Yourself!
6303832563|5.0|The important movie for the world people!!!!!!!
B00000IIXH|3.0|Yikes!  I can't imagine there are many Bruce fans who if asked to reduce &quot;Tracks&quot; to their favorite 15 tracks would come up with anything close to this combination of songs.  For me only 6 of these would even be  contenders for the final cut (Seaside Bar Song, Where the Bands Are, Born  in the USA, Janey Don't You Lose Heart, Sad Eyes, and  Brothers Under the  Bridge), while 4 are ones I have my player programmed to skip over (I Wanna  Be With You, My Love Will Not Let You Down, Lion's Den, Part Man Part  Monkey).  I realize everyone has there own favorites, but this collection  seems aimed at the lowest common denominator Bruce fan.  If B sides are to  be included why not Be True, Shut out the Light, or Roulette?
0793518326|5.0|This book is so great!  It's everything that a Beatle's fan ( that happens to be a musician ) needs!  With this book, you can play anything by the fab-four as they played it...from Love me Do to Get Back!  It's more than  just a book...it's life!  If there is a God...it is within this book!  5  stars doesn't cut it...it deserves 100 stars!!
0792836502|5.0|This film is a work of art in the meld of showing the good working with the ugly to overcome the bad in all facets of life. This is a FANTASTIC WESTERN!
0385470819|5.0|I read this book after reading The Firm.  I also liked The Chamber and The Rainmaker.  Unfortunately, none of those works or his later novels have matched the raw emotion and intensity of A Time To Kill.  During the  reading of this book I would laugh out loud and then five minutes later be  choked up.  This novel was no doubt his best work.
6305161976|5.0|There are other movies that are my favorite movies because they are more personal to me but this is undeniably the best movie every made. It has romance, action, comedy, intrigue, exotic locations, great stars, wonderful  music, and this amazing Hollywood-movie feel that is only  &quot;Casablanca&quot;. The extra stuff on the DVD is very interesting as  well.
0151001820|4.0|How can an author mix Devil Worshipers, a murder mystery, ancient book collectors, a love story, and a weird club into one single book? Perez Reverte had no problems in doing so. I would love to tell you how the story  develops, but I'd rather let you figure it out by yourself. Next time you  are on vacation, and feel like reading a good mystery novel, think of The  Dumas Club first. I don't think you will be dissapointed.
B000002KJM|4.0|THIS ALBUM IS WHY JIMI HENDRIX SAID &quot;BILLY GIBBONS  IS THE BEST YOUNG GUITARIST AROUND&quot; IN A 1970 INTERVIEW ONE OF HIS LAST.THIS SOUND OF WHITE BLUES GRABS YOU BY YOUR BALLS!! AND WILL NOT LET GO UNTIL YOU ARE  SCREEMING FOR MAMA!I HAVE THE ORIGINAL 1971 ALBUM ,THE ONLY WAY TO REALLY  ENJOY THE SOUND. A CLASSIC WORTHY OF YOUR COLLECTION.BUY  IT YOU WILL BE  SATISFIED!
6302529867|4.0|This was a good movie. After I read the book INTO THIN AIR I wanted to see all the stuff about climbing. K2 was beautiful and they captured it well in the film. It's a good movie I think you should see.
B000006T9M|5.0|IM ON THE HIGHWAY TO HELL!THIS ALBUM IS WHAT ROCK IS ALL ABOUT! NIGHT PROWLER IS A VERY UNDER RATTED SONG. WALK ALL OVER YOU DOES JUST THAT!I OWN THE ALBUM WITH THE FLAMES ON IT BEST ALBUM COVER EVER! AC/DC WENT DOWN HILL  AFTER THIS . BON SCOTT WILL ALWAYS BE A GOD!! 2 ME 666!!!!!!!!
B00000GAMF|5.0|'Brave' is absolutely Marillion's best album. It's a concept-album, meaning that the album has a central theme. In the case of Brave, it's a girl walking on a suspension bridge (which wasn't allowed). When the police  picked her up, she refused to speak. All songs on the album have a  reference to this story. The album's mood is dark and highly emotional.  Most fans agree that this is their best album, and Marillion's Mark Kelly  admits that the song 'The Great Escape' is &quot;the best thing we've done  so far&quot;
B00000IGGA|5.0|You bet I will be waiting outside the recordstore on  April 27!!! Tom Waits rules!!! And of course - he kicks butt!!!
B000002UB3|5.0|If you only buy one Beatles album in your lifetime (a thought I can hardly imagine!) this is the one!  I have loved this album since it's release in 1969 and probably always will.  Treat yourself to some of the best music  ever recorded by buying this superb CD!
B000000I0H|5.0|One of the most poetic , disturbed, evocating and hypnotizing of Mike's albums. YOu croos like a seagul all the moods of nature , from the raise of the sun above the sea , the stormy winds and the reconforting smell of the  purple sunset on a endless seashore.
6305177473|5.0|It's always difficult to find a movie I can let my grandkids see.  What a pleasant surprise that it was enjoyable for me too! I had to buy two copies, one for grandkids home and one for my home.
6305180261|5.0|Even if you are not a big Guns N' Roses fan, you should check this out! It's got their best videos, including the great videos for Estranged, November Rain and Don't Cry. <br />The best home video from the best hard rock  band ever! If you like hard rock, this is a MUST HAVE!!<br />                   *GN'R Lives!!*
1573226521|5.0|This book took me by surprise.  I have heard it compared to &quot;The Lord of the Flies&quot;, which I find to be jejune and rather contrived.  &quot;The Beach&quot;, on the other hand, failed to live up to my low  expectations.  When I heard it called the first great Generation X novel, I  moaned at my having bought it.  Everything about it, from its structure to  its characters, is completely relaxed, and yet it contains an ever growing  sense of dread.  Garland continuously sidesteps the obvious path, at  sometimes opting for mellow resolutions and at others choosing brutality  and gore.  I was pleased that life on the beach did not turn into a  contrived battle between good and evil.  I do acknowledge that this novel  is not for everyone.  It has the voice of a travelogue, speaking with a  detatched, critical eye.  Many readers will fail to connect with Richard,  the narrator, having been raised on more delineated character-types like  those found in &quot;The Lord of the Flies&quot;.  He is ambiguous and  genuine, and hopefully Leonardo DiCaprio will do him justice in the film  version.  &quot;The Beach&quot; is a risky novel that pays off in the end.   Try it!  Do it for Mr. Duck.
B000009MF7|5.0|The Cleveland Orchestra never sounded better (in the G-major Concerto  and the Valse).  Zimmerman is splendid.
B0000025HG|3.0|The water theme of this album was an unfortunate choice; it seems Streisand was at a loss for songs appropriate to her range and simply chose some based on their titles alone.  If you doubt that, try and endure  repeated listenings of 'Splish-Splash' and 'I Ain't Gonna Cry Tonight'.   Still the lovely ballads 'Wet', 'After The Rain', 'On Rainy Afternoons' and  'Kiss Me in the Rain' feature some of her most delicate, exquisitely  phrased vocals and spotlight the matchless voice at the height of its  purity.  Worth purchasing, but only after 'Stoney End', 'Superman', and  'Barbra Joan Streisand', her quintessential 1970s recordings.
B000002L9J|5.0|This is my favorite Smiths album.  Morrissey is truly one of a kind, with the Smiths or solo.
B0000026VZ|4.0|I don't know what those rude and facetious reviewers are thinking...Past to Present has some great stuff on it! Singer Jean-Michel Byron's voice definitely takes getting used to (and I'm glad Toto got Bobby Kimball back  for the new album!), but even Byron's songs aren't bad. Great hits like  &quot;Rosanna,&quot; &quot;Africa,&quot; &quot;Hold The Line,&quot;  &quot;I'll Be Over You,&quot; &quot;99,&quot; &quot;Stop Loving You,&quot;  and more make this an excellent Toto sampler. Bonus track &quot;Can You  Hear What I'm Saying&quot; features brothers Mike &amp; Jeff Porcaro  playing one of the most amazing bass &amp; drum grooves I've ever heard. I  listen to this CD all the time!
0780622650|1.0|If you value your money don't rent or buy this movie.  It thought the special effects were pretty lame and the actoring was pathetic.  If you do want to see a good Sci-fi Space movie the get &quot;Event Horizon&quot;,  but otherwise stay clear of this one.
6305161879|5.0|I laughed until I almost fell out my seat. Its fun to watch a movie when you know the actors are having a good time making a picture. If nothing else watch Kevin Kline in his Academy award winning role that he deserved  hands down.
B00000AOUD|5.0|A MASTERPIECE !!!  My first JT recording was 'Aqualung'.  How could they out-do that 1971 classic ?  They did it with 'THICK AS A BRICK'.<br />     Running at 43 minutes, this stands up to repeated listenings.  Never  boring, never simple, never tiresome.  Just wonderful progressive rock at  its best.<br />     This is not a CD you can listen to once or twice to get  the full effect.  By the third time, you will start to pick up the melodies  and some of the words, and by that time, your already addicted !  I find  myself humming the tune and singing the lyrics under my breath while at  work.<br />      Ian Anderson is remarkable !  If you like this CD, check out  JT's next recording, 'A Passion Play'.  Very similar to this one, and  ALMOST, just as good.<br />      The live 12 minute version of 'Thick' is  GREAT !  Just TRY to tell me Ian doesn't have a blast singing this song on  stage !  You can hear the smile on his face !  A phenominal CD.
0783233477|4.0|this movie was wonderful!but it is defenitely a chick flick. i cried all through it!! you really feel for the characters...great acting
B00000GAIW|5.0|This was Jethro Tull's breakthrough !  It still stands up to today's standards, lyrically and musically.  <br />      The extra tracks actully are on the 20TH ANNIVERSARY disks, with the exception of 'Wind Up' (quad  version) and the interview with Ian (which is ALONE worth the price of  buying it).<br />      If you already own 'Aqualung', I would purchase this  one anyway, just because of the better sound quality.  <br />      Which comes  to one question:  Why didn't 'Lick Your Fingers Clean' make the cut on the  original recording ?  It's one of the best songs on the CD !
067101756X|1.0|This was such a disappointing read. For the most devastating rebuttal to Corso's book I suggest you read COSMIC TEST TUBE by an investigative journalist named Fitzgerald. Ironically, Fitzgerald also makes the  STRONGEST case I've ever seen for an extraterrestrial event at Roswell. He  simply gives both sides of the story, which Corso and his co-author were  apparently too greedy to even attempt!
6300248550|5.0|I saw this beautiful adaptation of my favorite book on Public TV.  I paid $80 for videos the moment they were available and have never regretted it for a moment  I watch it frequently and love it more every time, especially  when compared with other versions I have also seen.  Dalton is marvelous;  Clarke so convincing.  The scene in the drawing room breaks my heart every  time I see it.  So wonderful to see original dialogue done with such flair.   It is like having the book come to life in front of my eyes.
0790729725|5.0|I have seen this movie more than a dozen times. It's right up there with the Godfather as one of the best gangster movies of all times. Worth seeing at least once or twice a year.
6304702205|5.0|Since I watched once luckily his live concert at Acropolis from TV, I've been a BIG fan of Yanni. I was not a real fan just when I listened to his previous CD albums. Before the Acropolis live, his music was mainly  performed by synthesizers, which I didn't like and enjoy. <br />I love his two  video albums. Even my mom and dad aged 71 to 72 enjoy the videos, saying  &quot;Yanni is a very talented musician&quot; whenever they see them. I  think &quot;Tribute&quot; is somewhat differrent from the first one. I like  his new efforts made to this video. And I like the vocalists and other  musicians including Van Johnson and Karen Briggs. Yanni is a genius. I'm  waiting for his new video albums with a burning desire. How about DVD?
B00000DMJF|5.0|Eyeamthewalrus:  You spelled little wrong
B000002U82|3.0|&quot;Dark Side of the Moon&quot; is carefully produced, vaguely intelligent, and superior to the vast majority of shlock on the radio today. Unfortunately, it also gets boring and really rather conventional  when you get down to it. Nice try, but you need to be in a trance to sit  through it all.
6303998704|5.0|A young woman (Candace Hilligoss) apparently drowns and is thereafter followed by an eerie phantom figure throughout this juicy little thriller. Watch it once and you'll be hooked. Very atmospheric, yet subtle in other  ways. Great B&amp;W photography. Truly deserving of its cult status. A good  example of what can be done with a limited budget and some highly creative  people.
6302779278|2.0|This was a silly vehicle for Whitney to sell albums, which she did for some reason or other. A tale of lust (and greed) and not of love.
0064400557|5.0|This is a book about a spider named Charlotte helping a pig named Wilbur.  He found out he was going to be bacon and ham.  She helped him by writing good things about Wilbur.  He went to the county fair and was being judged.   He got 2nd place and Charlotte died.  A Great Book!!!
0425107469|5.0|My geography teacher(Mr Little) recommended this book to me and I finally read it.  It is the most intense, thrilling book I have ever read.  I just loved the plot.  I would recomend this book to everyone.
6302256615|5.0|patrick swayze and reeves in one of there best performances ye
6300214028|3.0|To distill this massive-scale epic into as concise and succint a summary as possible, &quot;Reds&quot; is a disparate fusion of many elements; some refreshing, and even inspiring; some infuriating. For a more detailed  critique, I divide the following categories: THE GOOD: 1.) The mere fact  that such an uncommercial topic was undertaken; and that aided with a large  budget, and--more importantly--that the creative mind behind it believed in  its sociopolitical issues so religously. &quot;Reds&quot; has a strength of  it's convictions rare indeed for a modern film; more so, even, for such an  expensive one (the obverse of &quot;Titanic&quot;, etc.). 2.) Considering  it's countless opportunities, &quot;Reds&quot; seldom ever stoops to the  exploitation of sexual content and four-letter words, sooooooo prevalent in  today's films. 3.) Best of all, the Oscar-winning color  photography of  Vittorio Storaro. His skill at creating dramatic sweep with his camera (as  befits an epic) is unsurpassed by his peers. His exteriors are eye-filling,  spacious, extraordinarily beautiful; his interiors (so often neglected by  today's photographers) are particularly nicely judged, exquisite color  compositions painted with light, no less aesthetically appealing than his  exteriors. Epic length films so often become visually tedious. Thanks to  Vittorio Storaro, one of the great masters of his craft, &quot;Reds&quot;  does not. THE BAD: 1.) Despite it's plethora of lines of dialogue,  &quot;Reds&quot; does not allow it's actors opportunities to make much  impact; except, to some extent, Warren Beatty. Yeah, I know everybody got  Oscar-nominations and stuff; but the Academy has never understood that big  parts do not necessarily guarentee great roles; let alone, great  performances. The fact is that the script and direction of &quot;Reds&quot;  lacks refined approach to dramatic concept, in order to make the very most  out of the performances. As it is, the picture itself overwhelms the  acting, more or less (unlike &quot;Gone With the Wind&quot;. THE UGLY: 1.)  The overblown love-story bookends, reputedly a Beatty directorial weakness.  We have to wait for 1 hr and 20 mins of pretentious, boring, predictable  romantic vicissitudes between Beatty and Keaton before they arrive in  Russia--when the story really gets going (that's because that is when John  Reed's character really gets going). Keaton tries hard; but as much as  Beatty wants to place the love story on equal standing with the adventures,  it only diminishes the effectiveness of it. The focus should have been kept  on the political career of Reed most of the way, with a low-profile romance  underscoring the action most of the way; with the love story only taking  center stage in the later events, to give the story a great romantic pay  off. 2.) The introduction to too many irrelevant characters and subplots;  particularly with the Eugene O'Neill character, and the affair he has with  Keaton. I cannot see any reason with substance for that entire piece to  exist. 3.) The incredible nonstop hail of talking. There has never been a  wordier movie than this. The effect of the good talk is not counterpointed  by any thoughtful reticence. Here, Beatty weilds the reins of Altman in his  relentless desire to have ten people talking at once. Unlike the old  masters, Beatty doesn't understand the necessity of relieving his  audience's ears along the way. It is not until near the end that we can get  even a few minutes of silence. By now, though, we are exhausted. A mark for  trying for Mr. Warren Beatty, even if he sabotages his own efforts much of  the way.
B000002GY9|3.0|&quot;Tom Traubert's Blues&quot; is a freaking masterpiece.  Too bad nothing else on this early Waits album can match it....
B00000DF6O|5.0|I've been a fan of B.B. King's for 30 years, I even played guitar for his daughter around Chicago. This is some of the best B.B. I have ever heard. This is just beautiful music there is no other way to describe it.
B00000G3PA|1.0|...because this piece of *%!? deserves it. It's one of the worst I've ever seen. Bruce Willis, who has proven he could act in films like &quot;12 monkeys&quot; or &quot;Pulp fiction&quot; give the worst performance of the  year. I really think I should write to the Razzies foundation so that they  can rename their awards &quot;The Armageddons&quot; because nothing in this  film is any good. Stupid plot, bad acting, terrible directing, none of the  character has any depth. This &quot;thing&quot; could make any film with  Paulie Shore look like an auteur flick.
0385493800|2.0|A reader from Warm Springs State Hospital Library, March 23, l999, agrees  with reader who doubt John Grisham wrote &quot;Testament&quot; all on his  own.  His move from home base and college surroundings in Oxford,  Mississippi to grand estate in Virginia possibly near McLean and  exploitative political and church pressure was not for his moral good.   <br />In an interview in news magazine, fetching photo in full color on cover,  he stated he would not continue this line of &quot;legal&quot; best sellers  if God did not direct..  Apparently, as an another reader suggests, his  last flutter, &quot;The Street Lawyer&quot; brought pressures from greedy  publishers? <br />Obviously he did not carry through on his own initiative. So  it does appear a mixed bag. Maybe even with purloined material from a state  where lawyers will sell any name, location or ideas. In conclusion,  apparently he did not consult God even if he leaned on a friendly Baptist  minister or new evaluation of women like Rachel Lane at last convention. More sweet  honesty next time will make the &quot;medicine&quot; go down, John
B000002H4Q|5.0|This album was my first real exposure to the Cure.  At first the melancholy of the songs were shocking, but I soon grew to love The Cure's music and became an addict.  It is amazing to me that Robert said all he  can recall of recording this record is the endless keyboard takes.  I think  his guitar playing on this album is some of his best, and he's got a lot of  cool licks.  The Kiss has some really intense and unique wah wah playing.   I also love the 1 string melody he plays through Just Like Heaven.  He also  plays cool funk chords throughout the album.  All in all, a lot of great  songs spread throughout a double album.  A must have for Cure fans and a  great album to shag to...
6305107122|5.0|THIS FILM IS MAGNIFICENT, ESPECIALLY IN THIS LIMITED EDITION SET. THE FILM HAS BETTER COLOR, AND SUPPOSEDLY SCRATCH RESISTENCE. HALLOWEEN; UNMASKED IS INTERSTING, AND SO ARE THE TRAILERS AUDIO CLIPS STILLS AND COMMEMORATIVE  BOOKLET. ALSO INCLUDED IS A 1.OO DOLLAR POSTER OF THE FILM, TO SEND IN FOR,  THOUGH IT IS ACTUALLY 4.95. I CAN'T WAIT TO RECEIVE MINE.
B000002KH3|5.0|An all time classic rock record.  And a pivotal album in the lexicon of rock guitar playing.  Eddie Van Halen comes out with a totally unique way of playing guitar, like Jimi did with Are You Experienced.  How ironic that  Eddie's unique style would spawn a whole legion of finger tapping clones  who totally missed the genius in Eddie's playing.  First and most important  he writes great songs AND great music (are you listening Satriani, Vai,  etc. etc.)  Secondly he is one hell of a rythm guitar player...no two chord  backing tracks here.  And lastly he plays off the wall, totally unique, and  always aggressive killler guitar solos.  Great band and great guitarist.  I  do believe Fair Warning comes a close second for a** kicking guitar.
0684874350|1.0|I got through halfway the book and gave up.  Where is the the NY Times number 1 bestseller? It was boring and the chapters were redundant.  Dad loses his job.  Dad comes home blammo.  Dad makes us sing.  Another sibling  croaks.  Come on did he have such a precise memory of his childhood? I  don't even know what I did an hour ago.  The only thing good about this  book is Pop's taste in his brewskies.  But then again, you probably can't  get anything other than Guinness in Ireland. And Frank, you ever hear of  &quot;QUOTATION MARKS!?!?&quot;
0792833279|5.0|John Travolta plays Chili Palmer to perfection, and those who say that is not a stretch do not know the man's history.  Travolta, a smart guy used to playing well meaning, but dumb, guys (...Kotter, Look Who's Talking, Pulp  Fiction) gets to sink his teeth into this one.  As Chili Palmer, he is a  shylock (not a wiseguy) who takes an opportunity to bolt the scene (which  he grew casually tired of) and heads of to Hollywood to make movies, as if  it is that easy.  Chili knows people, and he does not waste any time making  use of people who are too busy looking for an angle to head straight for  what they want and get it.  There he meets a like mind (if not altogether a  soulmate) expertly played by Rene Russo.  Gene Hackman as a wimp is a  masterstroke. I never thought he could pull it off, but Hackman can  flat-out act.  Delroy Lindo is pleasantly venomous as one of the clueless  heavies, while Dennis Farina should play in every Elmore Leonard  book-turned-movie.  The acting here should have been nominated for numerous  awards.<br />The soundtrack is expertly utilized as well.  Many Jazz-lite  tunes are used to a comic effect (I do not believe I shall ever grow tired  of the effortless classic, &quot;stink&quot;).  The cinematography, like  the characterizations, is swift and direct, without the gimmicks that  Sonnenfeld has sprinkled in his other movies.  Screenwriter Scott Frank  cuts out some characters (where is Elaine) and the original ending from the  book and replaces them quite effectively, as he did with another Elmore  Leonard work, Out Of Sight.<br />My one concern is with the company that  released the film in DVD form: where are the extras?  I would love to find  out who was poking fun at who in this film more than any other.  But that  detracts nothing from the film itself.  It is truly a classic.<br />With many  of the pretensions of The Player (if not the cutting reality of that  movie), Get Shorty shows Hollywood citizens for the idiots that those of us  outside of Southern California would like to believe they are.  But these  same idiots made this movie too, and we watched it in droves.  I willingly  succumb to the irony.
B00000FCBC|5.0|The CD included with it has comlete songs from their out of print CD's. The CD has all the tracks from Garage Days Revisited, Garage Days Re-Revisited, B Sides &amp; One Offs, and Motorheadace Mess.
B000002NJS|1.0|I hate Madonaa and her stupid Ray of Light.  Madonna take music lessons.  I hate to sing and I can sing better than you with leringitis
0790705141|5.0|This is one of the best 'horror' film, in my opinion, ever made. The directing is awesome. The film doesn't have fast moving cameras and some 'teeny bopper' soundtrack trying to cover up for some second rate movie;  the Shining moves at a steady pace with a great music score, giving it a  creepy, eerie feel. Just the pure size of the hotel, with those long, dark,  deserted hallways and the sense of isolation, would make a lot of people  freak out! The acting is first rate, with Nicholson giving an Oscar worthy  preformance. Definetly worth seeing and owning. A classic! The movie also  has nothing to do with Stephen Kings novel of the same name; aside from  Kubrick using some of King's characters. Don't expect the two to be  anything alike.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|Why Dont You Get a Job, Walla Walla, and Pretty Fly(For a White Guy) are three of the best songs ever.  Offspring is my favorite band and I want to give them 2 thumbs up for the swearing.  Offspring if you break up...I dont  even know what I'll do.
0783211856|5.0|Schindler's List in my opnion is one of the best movies ever made.  Its so much more than drama  and other things that make movies great.  I belive everyone needs to see this movie just once, and hopefully we will learn  from the past and we will stop things like this before they happen again.
6304938241|5.0|This wondeful film is finally on video!  (After such a long wait!)  Here's a actual story.  Not just boy meets girl.  It has much deeper and more complicated emotions throughout.  It's a triumph for Helena Bonham Carter.   She should have won the Oscar.
6305265666|5.0|An excellent retelling of Cinderella.  Fun, humorous touches scattered throughout, but the main story rings true.  A must-see.
0140277447|3.0|I first heard of this atrocious event back in the sixties listening to Walter Cronkite narrate one of his many shows on WW2. He mentioned it in a matter-of-fact style while explaining the Japanese Army's excurison into  China.  And the only photo of it which I can remember is one of a young  baby sitting between railroad tracks crying while a city (Nanjing?  Shanghai? Tijuana?) is burning in the background.<br />I'm not going to  challenge or disagree on whether she has her facts absolutely correct or if  the pictures were doctored (as someone asserted), but we can agree that a  rape or a beheading in Shanghai is not too different than in Nanjing,  eh?<br />Apart from Chang's style of writing, I found the book interesting and  done well. Is there anything wrong with subjective writing or narrating?   This book doesn't measure up to the dry text of school books, but for  general reading and knowledge it does an excellent job.
078322804X|5.0|The best ever! There is nothing more to say
0553260111|5.0|I first read this book when I was 14.  I have never read a spy-thriller of this magnitude.  I started reading it and could not put it down until I finished it a week or two later.  For a book of its length, It was very  captivating.  I loved every page.  Its plot was beautiful.  The characters,  ingenius.  I was totally taken by surprise when I found out that Carlos was  a real terrorist.  That was a fantastic idea to use him.  The only drawback  I can think of is that the book was quite long and Mr. Ludlum could have  developed some of the other characters a little more.  Other than that.   The story was wonderful, action packed and very suspenseful.  Thank you Mr.  Ludlum for writing such a terrific book.
6300216039|5.0|I saw this movie in my English Class in 9th grade. My eyes were opened to not only Shakespear, but to the exquisite innocence and beauty of the cast, mainly that of Olivia Hussey. She played her part to perfection. Her bright  eyes and infectious laugh just floored me. Whiting was also sweet and  handsome. <br />This version is THE version to own if you like Romeo and  Juliet!
B00000DLUV|4.0|it is not the full vide
B00000F1D3|4.0|taking her cue from other divas who have recently stepped onto the dancefloor--ultra nat, gloria estefan, robin s.--cher has release _believe_, a hard-hitting dance album in the spirit of 70s disco. unlike  much of today's dance music, _believe_ recognizes that, while music may  move the feet, it is the self-assured vocals of a diva that cause the heart  to soar. while it is unnecessary to comment on the virtues of  &quot;believe&quot;, itself--the song has become the best-selling album by  a female performer in the history of great britain--the album contains  several other gems. &quot;strong enough&quot; the most 70s-powered of all  the songs, combines confident lyrics with light-hearted beats to recreate  disco's heyday. &quot;dov' l'amore&quot; paints cher to be one part gloria  gaynor and one part eros ramazotti, while diane warren hits another  home-run with &quot;takin' back my heart&quot;. &quot;taxi taxi&quot; and  the resurrection of cher's 1980s hit, &quot;we all sleep alone&quot;,  demonstrate the type of solid lyrics that have been completely lacking in  modern dance music. with _believe_, cher may have just found a niche that  will carry her through the next decade. she has alway been a favorite of  gay men--who claim as their domain the dancefloors of america--in spite of  forays into pop/rock; this album is a much appreciated homecoming.
6302686466|5.0|Alright, so I haven't seen it yet, but I'm watching Sliver which came out after Basic Instinct and if she was _that_ HOT a couple years after, I can't imagine her in Basic Instinct... (!)
B000000P11|5.0|I can't get tired of this album.  The songs are just as fresh now as they were 12 years ago when I first heard them.  This album is simply a masterpiece.  Buy it now!
6305265666|4.0|I thought I would not be interested in this movie but after watching it I thought it was fantastic.
B000002U82|5.0|I don't think that there is a more influential, musical, lyricly briliant in the history of the world.  It's one of the few albums that actually can take you out of your body and into another world (maybe that world is the  dark side of the moon?)  It's really an experiance, as most of Pink Floyds  albums are, but this one takes the cake. DSOTM was way ahead of its time, I  still think it is.  All of the rich sound effects were recorded before  digital recording was even conceied.  Listening to this album on headphones  is a producers dream.  I am reminded of the fantasy world of &quot;The  Wizard of Oz&quot; when I listen to this album, (no wonder you can  syncronize this album to the movie).  The overall effect that this album  has on you after a compleete  listen is what will make this album be  rediscovered for generations to come.  Also the Solo in Time can kick the  solo in Comfortably Numbs butt(can't say that one word i want to use)
6304342160|5.0|I simply loved this movie!  All I can say:  when I think of this movie, I can't help but crack a grin!  One of the finest movies I've seen.  The cast is great - but the standouts are Gina Gershon and Jennifer Tilley - ROAR!!
0767812778|5.0|A true story of T.E. Lawrence and his times in Arabia.  Lawrence of Arabia sets in motion a series of events that fee the Arab tribes from war time turkish rule.  Not only does the story tell of the revolt against Turkey  during WWI, but it gives insights to the man himself.  A tale of glory, of  pride, and courage in a time of treachery and anger; a tale to be  remembered with all the great heros and men of all time.
6304493681|5.0|The movie builds and builds and it masterfully uses techniques of subtlety that just aren't seen anywhere except in the best of best drama.  Great to see this stuff in a cartoon.  Intelligently gripping, and some of the best  anime I have ever seen...right up there with Akira, although that one  figures more on mouth dropping value than actual aesthetic pleasure.   DVD  is a must for this movie as well...VHS does it no justice at all,  especially with the quality of picture and sound.  A top of the line  experience.
6305342776|1.0|Both for the creators of the movie and anybody who buys it. This movie is so bad that it is painful to watch. The only mystery is how could talented actors and special effect people produce something this horrible.
0152465030|5.0|A truly magical story--Not only is this a wonderful story to read to your children at night, it is a remarkable story that brings each one of us back to the imaginative days of childhood, where things are new in our eyes and  worthy of appreciation.  I suggest leaving this book on your own  nightstand, as well as your children's, to remind yourself of what the  world looks like through the eyes of a child.  The story will bring you to  tears and cause reflection within your own life, as well as make you smile  at the innocence and happiness of the little prince.  (Read it in the  original language too, if possible)
6301978900|5.0|Jake La Motta (De Niro)is a boxer from New York.  His brother (Pesci)manages him, and hangs out with local mobsters.  Cathy Moriarty id La Motta's main love interest, unfortunately, he has a wife.  La Motta's  boxing career grows, as does his love life with his girlfriend.  He wins  match after match, until the only person that will fight him is Sugar Ray.   At this point, everything is perfect.  He is now married to Moriarty, and  he and his brother are getting rich.  Then, everything goes wrong.  His  wife starts fooling around, his brother gets in fights with mobsters, and  La Motta's career is going down the tubes.   La Motta's life is boxing.   It's how he runs his life without going crazy.  Scorsese, (before deciding  to be a director, he wanted to be a priest) shows La Motta accounting for  the bad things in his lfe in the ring.  When his life is going downhill, he  can be fighting like a champion, but when everything is perfect, he can be  beaten by anyone. Incredible performances by everyone.  Moriarty makes an  incredible debut, loving De Niro, in his best role.  Pesci almost steals  the spotlight, and Frank Vincent turns in a great performance as always.
B00000I924|4.0|This sounds like a &quot;best of&quot; collection from all the cool cds Jeff failed to record over the last ten years or more. We have selections from his techo disc (&quot;What Mama Said,&quot; &quot;Psycho Sam&quot;),  his rock disc (&quot;Space for the Papa,&quot; &quot;Even Odds&quot;), his  blues disc (&quot;Brush with the Blues&quot;), his world disc (&quot;Blast  from the East,&quot; &quot;Declan&quot;), and his ambient disc (&quot;Angel  (Footsteps),&quot; &quot;Another Place&quot;). I look forward to hearing,  in 2010 or so, his &quot;best of&quot; cd for the big band, klezmer,  hip-hop and country cds, among others, that he also didn't record. Too bad!  It would be great to have 20 new Jeff cds by 2010 instead of 2, especially  if they're all as good as Who Else!
6304826133|4.0|Finally, a reunion with all of the Scorsese greats, substituting Stallone for Pesci.  A group of New York City transit cops have stablished a haven in a small town across the GWB, Garrison, New Jersey.  De Niro, an Internal  Affairs officer, realizes what is going on and consults the local police  chief(Stallone).  This slow, overweight cop, begins to realize this  conspiracy, but has already turned down the Internal Affairs offer. With a  bloody conclusion, Stallone ends this haven for New York City transit cops,  and overcomes his own boundaries.  Incredible performances, especially  Keitel's intensity.  De Niro and Keitel are incredible together, and Ray  Liotta is as good as ever.
6305363668|3.0|I loved the cinematography and the sets but every time Harrison Ford opened his mouth to narrate I cringed.  Beyond that it was a great movie.  This is a great vision of what our future could become.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|this cd is the best! every single song is good on it. The best songs are pretty fly and walla walla. I recommened Green Day and Sugar ray to anyone who likes this music.
B00000IBRX|5.0|This movie was incredible to say the least.  Robin  Williams was at his best.  The special effects were breathtaking.  And the story itself was such that it breaks your heart and then puts it back together with a very  warm and fuzzy sensation. A must see for anyone who has ever been in love!
0375707972|4.0|This book is thought-provoking.  It's an easy read; can be done in 2 nights.  You won't be able to put it down.  I really enjoyed it.  The author raises many social issues while interjecting the reality of human  emotion.  This is the 1st Oprah Book Club pick that I have read, &amp; I'm  looking forward to reading others.
6305226296|5.0|Ayer por la noche vi el video y me parecio &quot;FANTASTICO&quot; , tan increible que hoy por la maana llegue buscando informacin...me dije: &quot;Ese video tiene que ser mio&quot;
B000002NBY|5.0|This album came as a true surprise to me when it came out in 1986.  Paul Simon is putting out classic music in 1986, after being MIA for so long?  Who would've thunk it?<br />But this is indeed a great album. GREAT.  Here are  just a few of my favorite highlights in an album full of them:  I love the  statement that &quot;The Boy In the Bubble&quot; makes.  The fretless bass  player is AMAZING.  Ladysmith Black Mambazo's voices shine with the purity  of the human soul.  The duet with Linda Ronstadt on &quot;Under African  Skies&quot; is fantastic, and invokes images of the vast Serengeti.  The  New Orleans zydeco song is a true toe-stomper.  And finally, another one of  my favorite bands, Los Lobos, revs up &quot;The Mystery Of  Fingerprints.&quot;<br />It's too bad Simon sank to the nadir of his career  and put out junk like &quot;The Capeman&quot; after this.  But Graceland is  a keeper.
6304224702|5.0|I watch it over and over again!  I beg for it every Christmas and my birthday.  Love it, love it , love it!
B000002UA9|5.0|I love the Beatles' debut album.  Full of innocence, enthusiasm, and glimpses of greatness, it is still a joy to listen to.  It is miles away from something like &quot;Revolver,&quot; (wasn't the magnitude of the  Beatles' growth through a few short years just absolutely amazing?), but it  still has timeless gems.  &quot;I Saw Her Standing There&quot; would stand  as an instant classic whether it were recorded 35 years ago or yesterday.
630529142X|3.0|I am a big Adam Sandler fan.  I was very disappointed by the Water Boy.  I rank it last out of his five major films.  Kathy Bates was good.  Henry Winkler was not.  After watching this film I had to pull Billy Madison off  the shelf and watch it to restore my faith.
B000005Z0G|5.0|Strictly 4 My N.I.G.G.A.Z KICKS A**!!!!!!!iT'S BETTER THAN ANY OF HIS OTHER CD'S.YEAH IT'S EVEN BETTER THAN ALL EYEZ ON ME<br />R.I.P. PAC
0399143904|2.0|When, many years ago, I read my first Clancy work (The Hunt for Red October) I was thrilled. I expected, as the author developed his writing skills, that his natural storytelling abilities would make for utterly  fabulous books. For a time, this seemed to be occurring. But then Clancy's  books began to get fatter while his characters became thinner. In the  middle of one book I realized that every person spoke exactly the same way  (why does everyone in his stories call doctors &quot;Doc&quot;?). Likewise,  other than basic motivation (some are good, others are bad) the supposed  people in the Clancy universe all act the same way.<br />As a result, I  stopped reading Clancy about five years ago. While not exactly personally  insulted by him, I felt he didn't respect me very much. Am I dumb enough to  spend $20+ per volume and the value of the time it takes to wade through  700+ pages when he can't be bothered to envision and create unique (read:  real) characters to people those books? I decided there were better writers  (even within Clancy's genre) and I would focus my time and money on them.  Ever read Gabriel Garcia Marquez? A little light on the gadgets, but he  doesn't repeat his sentences and the characters lead complex lives that  motivate them to do strange and human things.<br />Which leads me to  &quot;Rainbow Six.&quot; I have a sister who works for a book club. She got  a copy of this book for next to nothing and gave it to me for Christmas. So  I read it.<br />Clearly Clancy hasn't lost a step when it comes to story  concept, gadgets and scripting action sequences. During some passages of  the book his natural gift in these areas overcomes the actuarial nature of  his prose. But I kept wondering what motivated the men of that elite team  (all of whom, despite their varied ethnic backgrounds talk the same way).  All seemed to be just supermen, dying for the opportunity to serve king and  country. They didn't seem to think about the whys of their jobs orhave any  emotion (other than post-conflict elation) regarding the results of the  triggers they pulled. Can you really kill men, even really bad men, on a  regular basis without the least bit of moral stress? But Clancy doesn't  write those kind of books, I told myself. If you want self-examination,  read Camus.<br />So I fought my way through the whole book. Amazed when Clancy  gave a glimpse of the skills I once thought would become as much a strength  as his techno-fetish. More frequently I was dismayed at the many examples  of careless writing, poor proof-reading, and discontinuity. <br />But what put  me off Clancy forever was his handling of the fate of the Rainbow team. I  hope I am not giving away too much when I say that toward the end there is  an ambush and several members of the team are killed. Not a single member  of the force shows an iota of emotion over the loss of their comrades in  arms. In fact, none of them ever mention it. They barely seem to notice  despite months of living, training and nearly dying together.<br />Maybe that  is the kind of men they are, you might say. I don't know, Clancy has given  us no glimpse of their psyche. But I think he gives every reader a glimpse  of his own when he fails to even name the team members who die. It is  apparent that these men were not characters, just cardboard cutouts to be  trashed after being used for target practice. And if Clancy doesn't care  about his people, why should I?<br />Clancy has huge potential as a writer and  a storyteller. He continues to squander his abilities because he earns tens  of millions for the slipshod work he does now. He gets that money because  people continue to buy his books. And that is probably why each book he  writes reads more like an exercise in commerce than in creativity.<br />As a  footnote, I would bet the audiobook of &quot;Rainbox Six&quot; is better  than the unabridged &quot;dead tree&quot; version. First of all, the script  for the tape has been edited (which probably can't be said for the book  manuscript) and any half-decent actor could add more personality to  Clancy's characters with an accent than Clancy has attempted with his  writing. With a decent director, screenwriter and cast, &quot;Rainbox  Six&quot; (like most Clancy works) would easily make a better movie than  book.<br />Bottom-line: If you like Clancy or aren't discerning in your  reading habits (take my mother, she'll read anything available at the used  book store) &quot;Rainbow Six&quot; may suit you just fine. If you like  books that make you think and feel, or are just well crafted then spend  your money elsewhere.
1558908358|5.0|I am so happy to have found this movie on dvd, and (thankfully) in widescreen format.  For years I watched this classic on vhs tape, poor color, standard format, and bad sound diluting the whole experience.  When  I watched the DVD version, all the sudden I was back in my youth recalling  how I would race around on my BMX bike pretending it was a lightcycle.  I  forgot what this movie felt like.  Now, I know it is not the best transfer  possible for dvd's capabilities but if you're not a thecnicial superfreak  NONE of this will bother you in the least.  I am happy.
B000003S2M|5.0|This has been one of my favorite (ambient) cd's since I first heard it many years ago. The similarity of the opening and closing tracks and the quiet contemplative nature of the rest lend it a sense of wholeness  somewhat lacking in Eno's other ambient releases save perhaps for Thursday  Afternoon (great as well!). I believe as an occasional reviewer of music  that I am perhaps a little too generous with praise and realize that  referring to this work as &quot;timeless&quot; may seem like just another  example. But as this is not a CD I &quot;just got&quot; and knowing that I  am loathe to rate any music as &quot;perfect&quot; or &quot;the best&quot;,  suggesting that it is timeless is really the highest praise I can bestow;  so much music becomes dated or dates itself it seems. Also, at the risk of  lapsing into the melodramatic, there are moments on this disc that move the  soul with their simple beauty, their eloquent maturity, like the best  symphonies, the most cherished pop songs, the smoothest jazz track. If you  think this might be your cup of tea, ignore the high price this CD usually  commands and buy it. And let us hope it is out of print only temporarily.
B000002UAR|5.0|What else can you say about this album?  Of COURSE it's a masterpiece.  Just listen to it!<br />Oh, and if a little troll from Norway comes along to tell you differently, kindly lead him back to the gangsta rap section.
B00000FCBC|4.0|It's actually a pretty good album. I really like how it sounds. What I REALLY miss is the two feet of Lars playing around with double bass in fills and grooves like he used to do years ago.
0684874350|5.0|Although I read the book almost a year ago, I still think about it frequently.  An original and gripping story, I can't wait to read it again and again.  Fantastic!
0800177177|4.0|You have to love this movie.  The only reason to not like it is the rediculous and pathetic Keanu.  What a waste of time this guy is.  My dirty socks could act better than he can.  Go to school and learn your craft you  wastoid.If you can get past Mr. thespian there, you will see a strange but  unique version of the original book.  If you can even call it a  &quot;version&quot;.  Many of the actors are excellent.  The story is paced  well, and I don't ever recall a more artistic approach to film making.   There are sceans that just stay with you.  The film is oddly romantic, I  can see why under a spell Mina would go for this guy.  Yet he is still a  foul creature from hell, and Gary Oldmann portrays both sides of Dracula  with perfection.  Excellent musical score. I just wish there were some  extra features on this DVD.  Because of that I have to knock it down a peg.
0385493800|5.0|This was a nice change for Grisham ....his books have been too commercial for too long. A Time To Kill will always be my favorite but this has to be second. Couldnt put it down!
B000002LKF|3.0|After the wonderful African triumph of Graceland, this next album had a lot to live up to.  It predictably falls short, though it is not really a bad album.  It is just not even close to Graceland, though.<br />My main  complaint, and maybe I'm too cynical is this:  I feel manipulated.  It's  like Simon said, &quot;OK, the African thing worked out really well for me.   Hmm...what eclectic musical style can I do next?  I got it! How about  Latin!  Recruit a bunch of drummers and other musicians, make another bunch  of songs with obtuse lyrics like what Graceland had, and bingo, another  winner!&quot;<br />Maybe after the &quot;Capeman&quot; disaster, he'll go back  to this sort of formula again.  How about a whole album of Hawaiian songs  next time?
0060925000|5.0|Reading Seth's novel was indescribably pleasurable for me--I felt I just lost myself in the intertwining storylines, and I couldn't think of anything else during the week I read it--I found myself waiting all day  until I would get to pick it up again. Multiplot novels can sometimes be  frustrating in that you can be absorbed by one of the storylines but not in  another (everyone loves the Pierre and Natasha parts of WAR AND PEACE, for  example, but most people find themselves getting bored by the  &quot;war&quot; sections). But A SUITABLE BOY didn't read that way at all:  just when he'd finish with one storyline, Seth would pick up with another  equally engrossing so that you'd almost forget what a good time you had  reading the previous one (and then be delighted when he picked it up again  because you had forgotten how much you had liked the earlier one).<br />The  best comparisons of this novel are to MIDDLEMARCH and the finest Trollope  novels--its really that enjoyable.
6300183513|5.0|What a masterpiece.. PLEASE,  let us know as soon as it is available. From New Orleans...               joya
B00000163G|5.0|2pac have a most powerful rap style...... I like that too much...... his lyrics are so.......real.....so..tough.... dat's his own creative....... P.L.U.S........... 2.P.A.C. I.S 4.E.V.E.R.
B00000G3PA|5.0|Hey Moron,       If you intend to give a bad review to a movie don't give the movie 5 stars.  If you think that Texans liked this movie, your right!  If you intended for that to be a cut down, you failed because you only  showed your own ignorance.  By the way, I was happy to see Paris destroyed  by a stray asteriod.  Fous-toi!
B000002KNI|4.0|This is a terrific concert album, one of the best ever recorded.  The atmosphere is great (I love the audience's response to &quot;Feelin' Groovy,&quot; for instance).  Art Garfunkel sounds heavenly as usual,  especially taking the lead on Simon's solo song &quot;American Tune.&quot;   After comparing Art's vocal on this song to Simon's original vocal on the  &quot;There Goes Rhymin' Simon&quot; album, it makes you wish these guys  had never broken up.<br />My only quibble is the abundance of watery electric  piano accompaniment on some of the songs.  Maybe it's just me, but I  thought it really detracted from the songs.  &quot;Me and Julio&quot;  sounds best with a lot of jumpin' guitars (acoustic and electric), not  keyboards.
B00000I924|2.0|I found this CD to be rather disappointing. As a bass player of over 20 years and a Beck fan from many years back (especially blow by blow and wired) this CD came accross to me as thrown together without much thought  put into arranging real tunes.(A friend suggested to me that maybe he's  stuck in some kind of contract and had to put something out) Seems like  Beck's just jamming along with a sequencer. Great to come up with ideas,  but why put it out on disc? Of course he is one of the greatest and most  original guitar players ever and I'm going to see him in concert this  Friday in Detroit.
0316152196|4.0|Connelly's latest work has Harry Bosch returning to solve the murder of a high profile LA lawyer. While the book is entertaining, Bosch has mellowed to the point of being an observer. He seems to be able to control his  temper, and rarely shows outright defiance to his superiors. This marked  Bosch in the earlier books. Now Harry seems to be blending in with other  puzzle solvers such as Dave Robicheaux who have mellowed their ways. Dont  get me wrong - it's not that characters cant develop, it's just that the  development is not well explained. Marriage may have calmed Bosch, but I  expected his marital problems to have had a more volatile effect on him.  Similarly Edgar and Rider have little to do except moan about being  racially used in the case. By not allowing them more character time,  Connelly just about does the same. All in all an entertaining work, but  with less character work than previous Bosch books.
0684874350|5.0|Simply put, Frank McCourt has written a masterpiece. Thank you, Frank McCourt for writting this book, and sharing your gifted talent with the rest of us. I await 'Tis with sheer anticipation.
B0000025RQ|5.0|This is without a doubt the best Priest album. Every song on this c.d. rocks!
B000002KN8|5.0|If you first heard of Depeche Mode because of the &quot;Violator&quot; album, you'd probably disagree with me. I myself picked up on Depeche Mode in 1987 because of &quot;Somebody.&quot; Before that I thought Depeche Mode  was satanic. Now I listen to Frontline Assembly and Leather Strip a lot -  how attitudes and tastes change!<br />But despite changes over time,  &quot;Speak and Spell&quot; by Depeche Mode is still one of those albums I  love to play! It's odd, but even their 'minimalist' techno pop has a lot  more depth than most music today. And besides, who wants to be moody ALL  the time? Get over yourself! &quot;Speak and Spell&quot; is pure fun and  gets me bopping all over the room every time. I challenge anyone to sit  still while listening to New Life, Dreaming Of Me, Boys Say Go! and Just  Can't Get Enough.<br />For 1981, this is a brilliant and superb album. To give  Martin Gore credit, I still would probably rate &quot;Violator&quot; as  Depeche Mode's crowning achievement. However &quot;Speak and Spell&quot;  comes right in the at a close second. To be honest, the rest of their  albums had only shimmers of brilliance on them - these two had no failures  at all.<br />So if you love 80s pop, and are young enough to know and  appreciate even what '80s pop' even means, get this CD. Of course, why  should I bother telling you that - if you fit that description, you're sure  to already have it. So why not go put it on already!<br />As a side bar -  Anyone know the name of that really cheesy teens-on-spring-break-overseas  movie that came out in 81 or 82 that featured songs from &quot;Speak and  Spell&quot;? I have seen the movie ONCE, on a local UHF channel about 10  years ago. It shocked the hell out of me! I'm so proud (for some odd  reason) to know this fact, but have yet to find the movie again.
B000002BYD|5.0|What  is it with the great bands lately? Metallica is going country, smashing pumpkins went techno, and Soundgarden got haircuts, and Pearl Jam is now Barry Manelow with a distortion pedal in the forest. Did the drugs  wear off? and Megadeth too, they sound like glam rock all over again. who  is buying this stuff? is it you people? Peace Sells.... But Who's Buying?  If Nirvana was still around, they would be the only ones reinventing the  old scratchy punk stuff. But I guess that's the thing, If you're that cool,  you either die like Jimi, Jim, and John, or you shoot yourself in the face  with a double barrel shotgun. Poor Francis Bean. Your time in the ring is  up guys, time to bite someone's ear off, or, turn rap and just bite  altogether.
6305308659|5.0|What a great movie!  I am more into the action movies with action and great sound, but Pleasantville really doesn't need that.  It is just a great down to earth film with a real theme about things in life.  It was  great! I also thought the extras were great, including the video by Fiona  Apple.  The song and video complimented the movie perfectly.
B000002C1Z|5.0|Anyone who loves Wish You Were Here-era Floyd should definately check this one out. This is one of the greatest albums by Pink Floyd. I'd have to say that &quot;Pigs ( 3 Different Ones )&quot; and &quot;Dogs&quot; are prime  examples of guitarist Dave Gilmour at his best. I love it for the guitar  work, the songs themselves, and of course the cool album cover!!
6303607942|5.0|World's greatest piano concerto performed by the legendary pianist who had close friendship with the composer, gives a dazzling and perhaps best interpretation of the composition.
6303224660|4.0|This film can be watched over and over and never loses its appeal.  (I have a copy of the anniversary edition in VHS which was released a  few years ago, but do I wish they would release this in DVD!)  Judy's song  &quot;Have yourself a Merry Little Christmas&quot; is beautifully  performed.  This is a musical that should be in everyone's video library.
6305263248|5.0|For the car chase sequences and director's commentary alone, this DVD is more than worth it! You can watch it over and over - hey, is'nt that the idea of DVDs anyway?!?
630518299X|5.0|This movie was different, and beautifully acted by Jim Carrey.  He deserved an Oscar!  Seaside, Florida is such a wonderful place.  It was the perfect setting for this movie!   I loved the fact that my 10 year old  could watch it too. I'll never get over the slight by the academy on this  one.
078322608X|5.0|Excellent quality DVD, with some great extras. A must-have for Gilliam fans for the extra documentary and the commentary track.
6304510861|3.0|I rented this movie because the name piqued my curiosity, and I liked the soundtrack.  As a matter of fact, the only reason I rated this movie at 3 stars instead of 2 is because of the soundtrack, but I think that the  average person who's not age 20 wouldn't care too much for it.  I expected  this movie to have a kind of soul-fallen-from-grace attitude, and it did,  but was very hard to understand.  I thought about the plot over and over  and couldn't figure out how everything fit together.  I've seen and heard  other people say that you have to &quot;get&quot; this film to enjoy it,  but I wonder if they actually do get it, since nobody I've talked to can  tell me about it, instead they just say &quot;you have to get it.&quot;     Personally I think this was just a collage of the director's emotions, and  though many say that's a form of expressive art, I think that a good  director makes the film about the viewer, not himself.
B000003CMB|5.0|Five stars is not enough for this record!  When I was 13, I bought the original double LP when it came out for something ridiculous like $5.47.  I'm now on my fourth (or fifth?) copy and it's still one of the first  albums I reach for when I want to hear something special.  God!  What  possessed those boys on those two nights?  The whole was definitely greater  than the sum of it's parts.  If you don't own it, buy it, cherish it, and  be glad the tape machines were running so the rest of us could get to hear  it.  Peace.
0425152251|1.0|So, this is the book I have heard so many of my friends rave about. I read it, only to find out it is utterly uninteresting, flatly written and boring.<br />I have a basic knowledge of all the great philosophers, and the  subject itself is inifinitely fascinating. The only thinking Gaarder's book  inspires, however, is how precious time is and what a pity it is to waste  it reading books like this. There's so many great books out there, and  people still claim this is a masterpiece. Get real!<br />Maybe it works better  for the absolutely uninitiated, but still there's better ways to approach  the subject.
B000000OU6|1.0|If you like music then don't buy this disc. It's terrible
6305265666|5.0|angelica houston is as evil as ever - the best cinderella on fil
6304383827|1.0|I had to watch this wretched film for one of my English classes. I could have gouged my eyes out towards the end. The only thing that kept me awake was the stunning beauty of Gwynyth Paltrow. She is an extraordinary actress  so it makes me shudder to think she did this piece of trash. If you want to  see her do perfect British then I firmly suggest Shakespeare In Love.
B000006NPY|5.0|While Adore may not be the Pumpkins best work it is definitely noteworthy.  The general mood of Adore is depression.  However, with Adore it is different.  The melodies and lyrics of Adore show understanding of the  depression.  Adore is dark an melancholy but not for the sake of being dark  and melancholy.  There is a method to the madness in Adore.  Adore realizes  the emotions that we all feel and it comforts and understands.  Adore  causes one to reflect back and analyze.  The people who don't like Adore  are the ones who are not ready for it yet in their lives.  They are not  secure enough with their own inner self and they have to hide behind the  type of raw emotion generated by mosh pit music.  They do not understand  enough about life to understand Adore.
0385493800|2.0|For the first time I thought of quitting a John Grisham novel before I finished reading it.  I'm glad I didn't but the first half of the book was extremely hard to get through.  There was a definite pick up in the second  half of the book but The Testament was my least favorite book John Grisham  has written.  If it hadn't been John Grisham I probably would have put it  down after the first 3 or 4 chapters.
B00000DHTF|5.0|I was elated to find that disks 1 and 2 were like lost Bruce albums from his heyday. But I, like probably a number of his fans from the early days, had sort of lost touch with his work in the 90's. What has surprised me is  how good the newer music is. So this box set has given me two delights: 1)  the &quot;new&quot; old music, which is incredible, and 2) the  &quot;new&quot; new music which is also wonderful. Whatever you pay for  this box, it's worth it.
6305327041|5.0|This movie is like several movies in one.  It is very Pulp Fiction-esque with unattached thoughts and wandering conversations.  I believe the last &quot;skit&quot; is even written by Quentin Terrintino.    Madonna,Antonio  Banderras,and Bruce Willis all make guest appearances. You will be happy  you saw this when you are through.
B000003N7K|5.0|Whenever I am feeling down, I put on  this C.D.  an instantly begin to feel better.Words can't really describe how wonderful and heartfelt this music is.Coltrane was an absolute genius,and his sound on this C.D. is  superb.Hartman is sooooo!smooooth! Men,light a candle, sit your lady down  and play this C.D. for her,you won't regret it.And for the people who say  &quot;jazz doesn't make you feel anything&quot;This recording enriches the  spirit and soothes the soul!
6303477259|5.0|This is a great video, but alas not 1/10th as good as being there was.  This should be released on DVD ASAP; it is a natural for the advantages offered by the DVD format.  The Dolby 5.1 would increase the realism of the  live show.  Also I think the 1.85 aspect ration would give a better sense  of personal vantage point.
B000002ULS|5.0|Trendy Jehovah's Witnesses?   How stupid.  Its a catchy enjoyable album.  Not earth shattering, but still some of the best music to come out of great britain in years.
B000002WYT|5.0|I had never heard much about Dave Matthews Band until a month ago when my wife purchased &quot;Crash&quot; since I heard it she hasn't gotten it back. My favorite is Proudest Monkey, what a &quot;Fun Song&quot;. In the  past two weeks I have purchased 2 more DMB CD's, now I can't get enough.
0375707972|1.0|Once I started it I finished it merely on principle.  I thought the story was flat and lacked development and interaction between characters.  It could have been so much more. There was absolutely no spark to this story.  I think that too many of Oprah's book choices are zoomed up the best seller  list strictly because of her name and not for the enjoyment factor of the  story.  I think this choice really misses the mark.
B000002C1X|5.0|This is THE #1 album of all time.  NOBODY beats PINK FLOYD!  The movie &quot;Pink Floyd:  The Wall&quot; should have gotten an ACADEMY AWARD and I rate the movie 5 stars, also!
6300214753|5.0|this movie really is a classic.  matthew broderick is so cool!  my favorite part is when Ferris's sister is talking to charlie sheen at the police station about drugs.  CLASSIC!  i reccomend this movie to anyone!
B000000WFF|5.0|I'm obsessed with Viva Forever
B000002KEV|5.0|I've had this album on LP, 3 times on 8-track,2 on cassette, and now on CD.  I was also surprised to see that my local bar has put it back in the jukebox.  This album brings back alot of fuzzy memories of growing up  through the seventies.  The only album that can close to it is Ted Nugent's  Double Live Gonzo.
0767811038|3.0|After the Dinosours, Godzillas, Twisters, Volcanos , Aliens Here comes a new breed trying to take over not only the Earth but also the entire Galaxy. That's what the plot revolves around. To add some flavour to it  there's a Love story also. Now what you really see in this Movie for about  2 hours is Bugs and Battle... Bugs and Battle... Bugs and Battle...  Yeah...but there's finally an end to it. The Special effects are really  good which makes the Movie quite enjoyable. The combats between Soldiers of  Mobile Infantry and the Gigantic bugs look quite realistic. If you can  withstand heavy dose of action supported by Sizzling Special Effects,  Booming of Guns and Grenades, Litres of Blood , Limbs being ripped off the  bodies and tossed in the air, Brains being sucked out of the socket then  this is just the kinda Movie you'd love to watch. By the way, Could anyone  please tell me why didn't they use some of the Ultra Modern Missiles  instead of wasting lives of several lacs of Soldiers in hand to hand  Combats against the Monster Bugs ?? Hey... Here's a friendly advice  though... Don't munch anything while watching this one.
B00000G3I0|5.0|A movie that I come back to time and again.  It probes into how friends interact and cope over the sudden loss of a dear friend.  There is intelligent dialogue and humor mixed in with seriousness about death and  disillusionment over dreams not carried to fruition.  A thought provoking  movie that truly touches the heart and mind.
0679428887|5.0|A sparkling and riveting modern yarn.  Well worth your time
B00000HZFP|5.0|I'm from L.A. and this was my first experience in New York.  I originally wanted to see Rent but I'm so glad my girlfriend took me to see Hedwig!  It is rare to find a cd with every song being a good one!  It is a shame that  this cd is not being played on the radio.  If Hedwig makes it to Los  Angeles, I will be the first in line to see it again!  Incredible!
6302638771|5.0|Whether you believe what you see or not, this motion-picture is gripping and intense.  Although he is often very low-key, Kevin Costner was made for this performance.  There were times when I was convinced he was his  character.  Terrific cameos with Walter Matthau, Brian Doyle Murray and  Kevin Bacon.  Oliver Stone accomplished the impossible by telling such a  big story with so many people and without once confusing anyone.  This is a  must see for history buffs and conspiracy-theorists.
044651652X|4.0|I was given this book to read by someone who said I would enjoy it.  Sure, I thought.  But I decided to give it a go.  The 1st half is poor - slow, almost amatuerish, but by the middle I was interested, and by the end I was  in tears.  When asked later if I liked it, I replied, &quot;Oh I always  enjoy a good cry!&quot;.  So take it for what it's worth - it's not a great  book, it might not even be a good book, but it's a lovely story, and  excellent for an evening when you need a good cry!
B00000IFWE|5.0|Again the guy from Gainesville has shown us what rock n` roll is all about. His music is magic to our ears, you just have to get it.
0440178002|5.0|If you want to become immersed in a really good book you cannot go past Shogun.  The detail and historical accuracy is amazing, the characters human and indentifiable, and the ending will astound you.  It is hugely  entertaining - I cannot recommend it highly enough.
0375707972|3.0|This book was educational in raising issues about the Holocaust. Other than that, it was boring.
B00004THO3|4.0|I was given this book to read by someone who said I would enjoyit.  Sure, I thought.  But I decided to give it a go.  The 1st half is poor - slow, almost amatuerish, but by the middle I was interested, and by the end I was in tears.  When asked later if I liked it, I replied, &quot;Oh I always enjoy a good cry!&quot;.  So take it for what it's worth - it's not a great book, it might not even be a good book, but it's a lovely story, and excellent for an evening when you need a good cry!
B000007ODM|5.0|This was a new and diffrent CD for me but after I heard a sample of Ameno on Amazon.com I needed to get it. Its a style I have never heard before. It brings Medival European gothic music together with 21st century music. Its  Very Soothing and I suggest you but it, you wont regret it.
B0000025RI|5.0|I was about five when my parents bought the Thriller album for me and my brother.  We wanted to be young hip hop artists so we would practice scratching on it.  We probably messed up about three copies of this album.   I remember hearing the music and it used to play when we went to sleep  every night.  I still like the songs even though I haven't heard them in a  few years.  I know if I buy it now, that I won't like it as much as I used  to.  So I'll keep playing the music in my head.  Oh yeah, I heard that  Rodney Jerkins was going to produce his next album.  (The Boy is Mine,  Heartbreak Hotel, Revolution).  I hope that it is not weak.  Out-the-grism  fo' the Nine-scrism!
B000001ESF|5.0|Totally awesome album.  One of their MANY bests
B000005HCM|5.0|Don't be a fool. Buy it now
0375707972|1.0|This book was easy to read, but it was sort of boring.  I only finished it because I bought it.<br />I've been reading Oprah's pick since &quot;I Know This Much Is True&quot;, and they have been good for the exception of  &quot;Jewel&quot; and &quot;The Reader&quot;.
6305308659|1.0|Here is a movie that tries very hard to teach a lesson... on what it thinks is colourful in modern world - mainly: sex, lies, adultery and so on...<br />It's ideas are too shallow and superficial without any thoughts on  responsibilities and humanity, moral issues.<br />A big ZERO.
B000002B7U|2.0|There are some cool kick a** solos in this album, but the thing is, you just can't feel them, you know what I mean? its all muffled...also, listen to the drums, especially the toms, throughout the album..it sounds like  somebody just pounding on a table. This album really would have been awsome  if they would have spent more time on the sound. if your new to Ozzy I  suggest Diary of a madman or Blizzard of Ozz those are my favorites
0767805712|5.0|Unlike most other sci-fi films, Gattaca presents itself to the viewer in an extraordinarily mellow fashion. A thought-provoking tale of genetic discrimination in a near-future society, Gattaca seems very much to flow  like a liquid over its audience. With exceptional production design (I  especially liked Uma Thurman's mid-sixties vintage Citroen DS-21  convertible!), affecting performances, and gorgeous music, Gattaca paints a  very convincing picture of a not-too-distant and not altogether implausible  society. Kudos to first-time director Andrew Niccol and veteran composer  Michael Nyman. (If you are a fan of film music, pick up the score to this  film - it contains some of the most stirring yet relaxing themes this  reviewer has ever heard.)
0606001743|5.0|It is astonishing to me and quite sad that so many of the negative reviews posted here find the book &quot;hard to relate to.&quot; One (rather callow) reviewer writes there is nothing but &quot;useless dialogue.&quot;  (Lord, help us!) Another condemns Steinbeck as an  &quot;anti-American.&quot; (McCarthyite, a touch, wouldn't you say?) Since  when is it considered &quot;anti-American&quot; to empathize with the  restless and downtrodden? (&quot;Give me your tired, your poor, your  huddled masses,&quot; anyone?)If one cannot relate to the plight of the  destitute and the hungry (which is far too often the case in our society,  especially among our youth), that is precisely the reason why one should  read Steinbeck's masterpiece. My, how the Reagan years have warped us into  heartless, moneygrubbing solipsists!!
B0000029DD|5.0|All you have to do is look at this page...  Who else could make Amazon.com a semi-tribute site???  I have every single, import, everything....  even bootlegs, and I'm always looking for more.  Everyone should have a copy of  this album.
0783230370|3.0|Excellent plot and of course three great performers. The way that the Director developed it, it was just perfect. Good reproduction!
6304490399|5.0|I saw it six times as a young boy in the early 70's. I think it will remain the classic film about a golden age in motorcycling history.
0790729970|3.0|Excelent reproduction on DVD. Nice sound and wonderful image. The assassination of the leader of the mob by Dorian was really violent. For me it was unnecessary. Great perfomance of  Jim Carrey.
0780622545|3.0|I didn't like this movie that much. It had it goods parts, but overall, it could've been much better. That's why I give it 3 stars
0399143904|5.0|The best of Tom's latest works.  Unparalleled.  Kept me on my toes the whole book!!
0375707972|3.0|The story wasn't bad but I never felt connected to the main character. The story moves along at its own pace and you are not pulled into it in depth. After figuring out what Hanna was hiding it then just rambled to the end  (and not a good one either). I would check it out at the library instead of  buying it.
B000002L9S|5.0|I never had any chance to listen to this album in CD because there were limited CD copies sold when compact discs started in the Philippines. Besides, that time i still don't have a CD player.  I've always been  wanting and dying to have this CD. For me, this is one of the best Madonna  recorded album.  Why, because even in vinyl records you can hear its  brilliant sound recording.  And the album cover itself is a collector's  item!  How I wish somebody would give me a copy of this CD. This album has  never been available here in the PI since it ran out of stock. And truth to  tell, I can't buy this album from the web because it's rather expensive.  Maybe i'll just wait and hope somebody might send me a copy, or perhaps if  Madonna could just read this letter and send me a copy.  Madonna, true blue  and baby I love you ... you're the best!
B000001Y79|1.0|When the truth comes out, we'll probably hear that this Gwin Stiff-on-me chick is really a lipsynching hooker from British Columbia.  One star for you!
B000007SYO|4.0|Even though the movie shows its age, the plot is still exciting for science fiction fans.  The effects are ok, but what makes this movie is the results of the experiment which is complicated by the second experiment.
0783229569|5.0|I didn't expect too much when I saw this film, convinced that there was just no way that the insane headlong rush of the book could or would be properly rendered on-screen, but I was wrong - this is a truly accurate and  amazing adaptation of the book.  If you hate the movie then you hate the  book - sure the movie makes no sense, but nor does the book and why does it  have to?  I enjoyed the madness of the book for its own sake and the same  applies to the film.  The weird, swooping, rapidly changing camera angles  are extremely well done accurately capturing the descriptions in Hunter S's  book.  The hotel decor in which the good doctor found himself enmeshed was  truly scary.  Well done to those that made this incredible movie possible,  you have once again proven how brilliant you really are.
B00000DHRZ|1.0|These guys make a living off ripping people and other artists off.  Every track on this CD could have been on a Bad Religion (but without intelligence), NOFX, or Pennywise album. Yeah, like any of the people who  reviewed this care...I simply suggest getting into the artists who invented  and actually added something interesting to punk rock. And one other thing:  &quot;Why Don't You get a Job?&quot; is a blatant rip off of the Beatles'  &quot;Ob-la-di Ob-la-da.&quot;  Don't support these rip-off artists!!!
006092988X|5.0|I was given this novel when I was 9 or 10.  My father would only buy me a new Nancy Drew if I promised to read this as well.  How he knew I would be drawn to this book, I don't know, but I have read this book at least once a  year, for the past 13 years.  Each time I read it I find something new, and  something that strikes a chord and resonates so profoundly that I see my  own heart mirrored in the typeset.  I almost think to study this novel in  school would do it a tremendous disservice--it is so personal, and subtle,  and quietly stirring, that it needs no public dissection.  Comfort and  eloquence, like Francie's library books and that stubbourn tree, is what  this book symbolizes.
6304510861|5.0|This is simply not a film for the masses. It slowly twists and turns its way with its dark, surreal images and has a story line that will confuse to some extent. The film's director, David Lynch, whose aim was to make a  futuristic film-noir horror picture as mysterious as possible, has done  some fantastic work in merging these different genres.  Technically, it is  crafted with interesting cinematography, crisp sound and has a great  Soundtrack. This film has a strange beauty and puts you in a different and  engaging world, and comes from the mind of one of the great masters of  modern cinema.
B000003S5H|5.0|I had to write a review after I saw some single star ratings: This album is very creative in its success to put acoustic and moody synthesizer (spelled correctly?) combinations into a laid-back jazzy electronica album.   The vocals by Beth Hirsch on some of the songs are very touching. You even  get a touch of the 60's synthesizer sounds. Listen to the samples of all  the songs: All of them are close to 5-star. I guess French people are  really good at playing around with the synthesizer. Whether you are a  trip-hop, electronica, or fusion-jazz lover (or even a pop fan) there is  some thing for you in Moon Safari.
6301969588|5.0|This is a landmark film.  Its history is fascinating, as an exploitation film that was a bit too effectively shocking, leading to its being virtually banned for 35 years in the U.S.  It's also a chilling slice of  sideshow culture-- a history lesson for today's jaded youth... they think  they've seen it all, and they haven't-- here's the evidence.  Finally, this  is a cultural artifact that's inspired any number of catchphrases that show  up everywhere-- The Simpsons, avant garde fiction, really everywhere-- so  if you haven't seen Freaks, you won't know what latter-day hipsters are  talking about when they start chanting, &quot;Gooble gobble, gooble gobble,  one of us....&quot;   See it for all these reasons, and you'll find others  of your own.....
B00000BKDZ|5.0|Amazing! This is a great cd. A 'must have' for any metal fan. Every song kicks ass! The guy from Raleigh, N.C. should give this albumn another try; I guarantee he will be blown away. Up the Irons!!
6305169195|1.0|This film was so bad and loud and stupid and predictable that I wished for the real end of the world to come.
6305268843|4.0|I saw this movie in the theater in 1998. Beautiful movie! Sophie Marceau is stunning! I rather buy a laser disc or DVD than a VHS tape.
B000002BBY|5.0|If you want to hear something amazing, Oasis is it. This album is brilliant, with songs like &quot;roll with it&quot; and the popular &quot;wonderwall&quot; and much more. This music has an edge to it that the  Beetles did not have, Oasis is better than the Beetles.  Noel Gallegher's  songs are very universal and timeless. This album is a must in everyones  music collection.
B000002KXV|5.0|I was looking for years for this CD.  Actally there is a song on it ('Just machines that make big descisions').  I didn't know the actual name of the song, now I know (I.G.Y.).  I'm glad it wasn't just a one song CD  sensation.  This is what a great sound system was made for.
0871137380|5.0|Mark Bowden has created a extraordinary work of modern military history, telling a story of heroism and horror.  I can think of few other books which can match it for its atmosphere of enveloping authenticity.  And what  is remarkable is that the author is scrupulously fair to all involved,  never taking the easy way out by pointing fingers at supposed villains.  The US Army Rangers and other military personnel who told their stories to  Bowden showed great moral courage by revealing their innermost feelings of  fear, anger, pride, and confusion.  The book neither glorifies war nor  mindlessly denigrates the military; it is simply the story of men caught up  in terrifying events and often finding extraordinary internal sources of  courage and compassion.  Moreover, Bowden corrects the erroneous  impressions created by the hasty press reports of the time and for the  first time reveals what actually happened on that day.  &quot;Black Hawk  Down&quot; succeeds both as incisive journalism and as powerful human  drama.
014028009X|3.0|Our book club was split on this one.  Some found it vapid and Bridget to be neurotic.  Others thought it was a hilarious take on the &quot;single life.&quot;  Everyone agreed they could have done without the sub-plot  involving Bridget's mother. It helps to know about British TV and slang to  get all the jokes. If you're looking for something deep, don't bother, but  if you want a good laugh, you'll enjoy this.
B00000DGUG|3.0|I received this album for Christmas. I didn't have her first album to compare it to(I bought that after), but I was still a little disappointed. I'm not going to criticize her for not living up to her former work,  because that's really not the issue. Some of her songs I found to be a bit  creepy(ex. Sympathetic Character), and some didn't really have much MUSIC  or melody in them(the same song, for example). However, there are more than  a few reeming qualities. &quot;Front Row,&quot; &quot;The Couch,&quot; and  &quot;UR&quot; are probably my favorites. I wouldn't listen to this every  day, but once in a while it's a nice break from the conventional.
B0000024YL|5.0|ok a lot of people seem to be paranoid about the live versions of songs on this disc. as far as i can tell, only four of the songs are live (&quot;the 59th street bridge song (feelin' groovy)&quot;, &quot;for emily, whenever i  may find her&quot;, &quot;homeward bound&quot;, and &quot;kathy's  song&quot;). the confusion is probably due to the fact that the applause at  the end of the live versions fades into the next song. but all of the  biggest hits (&quot;sounds of silence&quot;, &quot;bridge over troubled  water&quot;, &quot;the boxer&quot;, etc.) are in their original versions.  and in my opinion the live version of &quot;for emily&quot; is the best  recording of that song. so if you are an s&amp;g fan who wants all of the  biggest hits on one cd, you can't do any better than this. and don't be  scared off by the reviewers that can't tell the original versions when they  hear them.
6304994540|5.0|What can be said about a movie that makes you laugh uncontrollably every three minutes?  I honestly have not seen a comedy of this magnitude in years. It's the totally bizarre touches and the over-the-top characters  that make it great.  Jeff Bridges is a riot as the loser-stoner &quot;The  Dude&quot;, aka Jeff Lebowski, who happens to share the name of a very  wealthy businessman whose wife owes money all over town.  Two men, thinking  the Dude is the wealthy Lebowski, come to his house to collect and then pee  on his rug, a rug that &quot;tied the room together.&quot; All the Dude  wants is to be compensated for it. The wealthy Lebowski calls the Dude  after his wife is kidnapped, asking him to make the ransom delivery. He  brings his crazy Vietnam vet bowling buddy John Goodman along, and things  go to hell from there. The Dude is pursued by a group of German nihilists  who threaten to &quot;cut off his johnson&quot;, and by a  &quot;vaginal&quot; feminist artist, who happens to be the daughter of the  wealthy Lebowski.      While the plot is funny enough, it is the little  touches that make it work.  Jesus the bowler is priceless, and the eulogy  of a fallen bowling comrade is too hilarious for words. Mainstream  audiences who relish stuff like &quot;The Waterboy&quot; may think it's too  weird, but it's too bad that they don't know what they are missing. Anybody  who wants to see a truly funny movie should see &quot;The Big  Lebowski.&quot;
0780624890|3.0|Blade is the story of the exploits of a half-human half-vamire warrior. who sets out to drive a vampire nation from the earth. His enemy is a vampire lord who plans the down fall of humanity. An excellently  choreographed battle in an under ground night club opens the film of  course. Blade is filled with bloody combat and minor campiness. A stylish  fantasy with a somewhat mediocre story. But I thought Blade was VERY COOL  FILM!!!
0871137380|5.0|This is a novel that brought back memories of a near military disaster that a lot of americans have probably forgotten about.  The details in the book made the battle all too real, and the reactions of the soldiers  involved showed how individuals can be mortally afraid and still perform  their duties with courage and valor.  I recommend this book to anyone who  wants to know what it is like to be a front line soldier caught in a life  or death situation.
6304994540|5.0|Finally, a movie that made me laugh harder than Animal House.  Don't watch this movie for the first time with any expectations...just let it take you away.  The Coen brothers revealed their true genious with this one.  Just  go with it.<br />The Dude Abides.
0375707972|4.0|I enjoyed this quick read.  I've lent it to others and want to know their thoughts the whole way through.  My opinion of Hanna and her behavior changed regularly.  I expected the ending but hoped for different end to a  curious ?love?  story.
B000002HNR|4.0|Although I would rather have a record of a 68 concert, this 70-71 material anchors the doors both into the phycadelic, and the best music of the 70-75 period enjoy and beware.
0316921173|5.0|i'm sending this book to a friend who's going through a really tough time. The card to him will read:<br />&quot;This book is about everything. But it's not the content that counts: the experience of reading it is what you need  most right now. Escape.&quot;<br />I wish that I could invite all the folks  (the haters and the lovers)who've commented here over to my place to talk  about this book. First of all, I've only MET two other people who've read  it (and I think one of them lied); of those two, only one loved and  treasured the experience as I did (the one who definately read it). I gave  copies to both of my two favorite book-buddies; neither got past page 250  and are still mad at me for wasting that much of their time. <br />Why, why,  why do so few of you GET IT????
B00000ADG2|5.0|Lauryn Hill is to me a mixture of jazz and R &amp; B. Gets you going in the morning music. On a scale of 1 to 10 with 10 being the best/most powerful  Lauryns rhythm, words, instrumental, and overall  sound achieves  a 10+. Lauryn's attitude is refreshing and has taken and is luring us to  the new millenium.
B0000009SY|5.0|Without a doubt THE greatest concept album ever made.'Nuff said
6300151379|5.0|I used to watch this show when I was a little girl.  I had forgotten about it until last year when me and one of my guy friends watched it.  Now I can't get enough of it.  I watch it almost every night.  I know I will take  it to college with me next year.  Thank you Jim Henson and David Bowie!!
6305291489|4.0|The quality of DVD is way better than the one in VHS. But my little disappointment was that it didn't include any extra stuff except a movie trailer. What I was hoping for was things like, cut off script, director  commentary(sorry,i know my spelling is bad), and such like, just like what  they made in LD. However, the DVD version of Parent Trap was really worth  buying, the digital effect and stuff like that is Fab!! For those of you  who love the parent trap can never miss this tremendous master piece, buy  one today and see for your self!!!!
0871137380|5.0|Having previously seen the PBS documentary entitled &quot;Ambush in Mogadishu&quot;, I became enthralled in the events of 10/3/93.  Bowden gives a fantastic account of the events along with the who, what, where,  when, and why of the bloody battle.  A page turner, read in less than 24  hours, I am looking forward to the movie version, which they say is under  way.  <br />Seeing events like this, it is no wonder that SecDef Les Aspin  resigned because of his previous unwillingness to provide the necessary  equipment (c-130 spectre gun ships, etc.) to the Americans stationed in the  East African country.  If you have the opportunity, read this.  It will  make you appreciate the efforts American military men and women give when  the objective may be obscure and not necessarily in the &quot;Best interest  of America&quot;.
B000002J20|3.0|Although Tales From Topographic Oceans is not one of Yes's classic albums, neither is it the unmitigated disaster that its many detractors have made it out to be. I must confess that I bought this album with a certain sense  of foreboding, I had read the one star reviews in Rolling Stone and in  their &quot;50 worst rock albums of all time&quot; Jimmy Guterman and Owen  O'Donnell placed Topographic at number 10! In spite of what the music  critics might have you believe however, this is not a tuneless album where  all band members simply solo until the cows come home.  All movements  (especially the first two) are tuneful and pleasureable to listen to. It is  perhaps the third movement (The Ancient) where Yes overreach themselves;  this track is demanding music and is not easy to get a hold on.<br />Taken as  a whole, however, the basic problem with this album is that there is too  much hot air and not enough solid ideas. Had Yes been given a few more  months to prepare this album, it would've been right up there with Fragile.  If you are new to the band, it is probably best to start with 1971's  Fragile and work your way from there. If you are already an established  fan, however, then you need a copy of this album.
0670880728|3.0|This is a great quick read.  However, having been there (young, but getting older, single working woman) I think this book only touches on the real story!!!  This does not need to be a part of your permanent library.
B000003N7K|5.0|every collection must have this recording. Hartman is my favorite male vocalist and Coltrane set the standard for modern horn players.  I can't listen to this recording enough. Smooth, sensual,hip and timeless. If you  don't have it; buy it today.
6304539258|5.0|Killer boots man!
0812550706|5.0|If you like fiction {even if you don't) you MUST READ ENDERS GAME!!!  It portrays a wonderful story with reailsitic characters and fantastic writing.  I stared this book last summer. Within two days I was done with  this book, and looking for another by Card. Since then I have read every  book of his I could find. I have reccommended it to all my friends. they  all LOVED IT! Yoy can't miss this book!
6304994540|5.0|Everytime I watch this movie, it keeps getting better. There is an excessive amount of cursing, but this only adds to the complexity of each character. This movie is really made well, each character is very defined,  and his or her actions are consistent throughout the entire movie. I  reccomend this movie to anyone with a sense of humor, but I have found that  its humor is more likely to appeal to males than to females.
0767802659|3.0|This was a great sci-fi movie. I had a movie party at my apartment and has one pretentious fellow instantly start raving about what a great metaphor the movie was for the failures of democracy and the evils of communism.  Needless to say we pummeled him with popcorn because theirs nothing deep  about this film even though the novel it was based on was a political  satire. The movie has big mean bugs and big explosions and that's what you  rent it for. People who say it's a bad movie are just being dumb for  renting it because they're looking for a plot in a rockem' sockem' robot  movie.
0792833260|5.0|This is the best movie I have ever seen.  I deffinetly recommed it
B000002HHB|4.0|As a former music critic, I know the impulse to search and destroy when reviewing an artist's work.  Sometimes, though, I will admit, it has more to do with the reviewer's insecurity about being seen as a sap who loves  everything than it does with the actual merit of the work being reviewed.   And let's all be honest here:  it is much more hip to be cynical and  disparaging than it is to rave glowingly about something.  To do so might  make you look like a dork.<br />Okay, that being said, buy  &quot;Tigerlilly&quot; and enjoy it.  I agree with the critics to the  extent that they say Merchant gets a bit high and mighty from time to time.   But, she really can identify with precision the underlying emotional  bodies of experiences we all face at one time or another.  Every now and  again I get the impression she feels a bit spiritually superior to her  audience, but I don't think she separates herself from us.<br />In fact,  whichever critic it was who said he didn't like Merchant's tribute to River  Pheonix is, in my humble opinion, not attuned to hearing real pathos in a  song. I really wasn't interested in Pheonix's life or work.  He was just  another celeb in my mind. But, when I heard her song I was in tears because  I thought it was so very real, so indellibly moving.  You don't even have  to know who River Pheonix was to be moved by this song.<br />&quot;River&quot;  really exemplifies what I think is Merchant's outstanding talent:  She can  actually pull off being both a compelling lyricist as well as a  composer--her shades of sound are exquisite and expertly layered.  Plus,  she really can phrase a lyric when she sings it so that it is not just  someone blatting out words.  She really does tell a story as though she has  lived it and lived with it.  You believe her.<br />So, why not have on hand a  collection of songs which are like little packets of emotion?  You can  unwrap them one at a time or all at once and be moved and feel known,  validated.  Thatis a nice feeling--and since it is an intimacy borne of  listening and not revealing, you don't have any risk.    <br />I highly  recommend this entire CD.  I agree with the reviewer who said all the songs  are great.  They are.              <br />Whitney McKnight, NYC
B00000I8UE|5.0|What could you possibly say about the diva Cassandra Wilson?  I believe there are NOT enough words in our vocabulary to capture this rare essence of artistry.  My advise is - get the album and enjoy spending as much time  as needed exploring all the descriptives you can possibly come up with.   Outstanding Cassandra!
B000000OU6|1.0|Don't read this book! Elia Kazan is a mediocre director and a rat fink! The only award he deserves is one for being a traitor and a snitch. They should call it &quot;The Elia Kazan Award For Cowardice.&quot;
B000002UAO|5.0|To the previous reviewer:  The Beatles CDs have the original British lineup of songs on them.  These were the original British album releases -- the way the Beatles intended them to be -- before money-grubbing Capitol  butchered their albums for the U.S. market.  You subsequently  had to buy  twice as many U.S. albums to get the same songs as the British albums.  The  Beatles didn't like this, and this was the inspiration for their infamous  &quot;butcher&quot; cover on the front of Capitol's &quot;Yesterday and  Today&quot; album.<br />This is Rubber Soul the way the Beatles intended it to  be.  All 14 songs of it (the Capitol version had less songs, and threw in  leftovers from Help!, since they butchered the Help soundtrack album and  used orchestra music from the movie as filler.)<br />The result is, of course,  a masterpiece.  One of those albums that, if you don't have it yet,  then...where have you been???  This album will live forever.
B000002J09|5.0|Anyone who can say that this album is overrated and overplayed is obviously not a true fan and is only comlaining about it becuase so many people love it.  True it is not my favorite Zeppelin album, but I  personally like the vocals in it more than the other albums...This is  definitely a great album and not in any way overplayed--anyone who thinks  so just has not learned to appreciate good music.
B00000DHRZ|5.0|If you like punk rock music, then deffinetly buy Americana! Its the best! My favorite songs are Pretty Fly(for a white guy), Why don't you get a job?, and Have you ever and....well, I like all of them! They are all  different and funny and great to listen to! It makes you wanna get up and  dance around! Go buy it now if you don't have it! (if you don't you'll  regret it!)
6305308659|5.0|based on on line customer reviews, i went out tuesday and purchased this masterpiece on dvd! what a treat and what a great surprise. acting-brilliant-black and white photography-brilliant colors-bright abd  beautiful ac-3 digital sound-totally awesome! a deeply moving, funny,  wistful, and deeply meaningful film. totally captivating from the moment it  began until the last frame, my lady and i sat in awe of it. new line has  done a magnificent job with this dvd and the extras are worth the price  alone. this is a film to savor again and again. it is a beauty. treat  yourself-treat your loved ones you'll not be sorry. one of the very best of  1998 and a beautiful, often scary, always moving original film. i can't  praise it enough. we have watched it 3 times since tuesday.  enjoy!!
6302642175|5.0|This movie, I think, was great!  The people who did the computer graphics out did themselves.  I bet those same people didn't know that computer graphics is a gold mine.  The actors did a good job too!  Anyways, the  movie was great because of the actors and computer graphics.  Disney hit a  jackpot when they did TRON!
6305265488|5.0|Not the typical simphering Cinderella. Watch out this beauty's got punch!!!A heroic prince and an even more heroic Cinderella find love in a charming French Renaissance setting. Combine this with the genius of  Leonardo Davici, as the perfect fairy God mother, and voila you have a  delightful classic.
6303365752|3.0|I've never seen the video, but the rating in the review by the lady above doesn't seem justified. She doesn't make any sense. Equipment has changed dramatically in the last 13 years. Technique has changed too.
0393316041|5.0|This is a must read book. It took me only two days to read it. The only problem with this book is that once you start reading it you just can't stop. One of the greatest adventures of my life.
B000002KZ6|5.0|What I would give to be able to hear this one again - for the first time!  Back in '83, when it came out on LP vinyl, I was initially dissapointed because I yearned for the sound created on &quot;Remain in Light&quot; (the  Heads' previous LP).  After two or three listens, however, I really began  to get off on this mind blowing-layered- multiple bass line-funkified  rhythm explosion.  My entire dorm floor similarly rocked their brains out  on this one.  After 500 listens, the album has dated for me, a bit.  If you  haven't heard it yet (the whole thing) - you are one lucky S.O.B.
B000001Y16|5.0|Tupac's C.D is great.  Strong lyrics but with a soft tone.  It's  sad that he left us.  But then again maybe he didn't.
0671688782|1.0|In addition to its highly dubious history (first marketed as a &quot;miracle cure&quot; for the neurological disorder autism, now being sold as a &quot;miracle cure&quot; for attachment disorder), potential  readers should be aware that there is no evidence that &quot;holding  therapy&quot; is either safe or effective, while it has been condemned by  many experts such as Beverly James (editor of the &quot;Handbook for  Treatment of Attachment-Trauma Problems in Children&quot;) as abusive and  liable to traumatize the child further. <br />It is claimed by its proponents  that &quot;holding therapy&quot; is a deeply loving experience for both  parent and child. Welch also cheerfully mentions that children will  physically struggle, promise to be good if the parent stops, beg to be  released, spit, scream, swear, bit, and weep. Many of the now-adult people  who experienced &quot;holding therapy&quot; as children have said that they  still view it as abusive. Who do you believe - the parent and the  therapist, or the child? <br />Indeed, the level of physical violence involved  may be extreme: one parent, Donald Lee Tibbets was convicted of  third-degree felony child-abuse homicide after he killed his 3-year-old  adoptive daughter by using his entire body-weight to hold her down during  &quot;holding therapy&quot;. The state medical examiner found that the  child died of suffocation, with evidence of &quot;blunt-force&quot;  bruising to her abdomen. Tibbets said he used holding therapy &quot;as I  had been taught therapy at the Family and Attachment Center.&quot;<br />In  another case, a small child was removed from his adoptive mother after the  results of &quot;holding therapy&quot; - marks and bruises on his arms and  body - caused the staff at his kindergarten to worry that he was being  abused.<br />A child identified as S.M.A. was removed from the custody of her  the custody of her father and stepmother, the Abbotts, after the court  ruled that &quot;although holding therapy may be accepted by some medical  professionals, the Abbotts' implementation of holding therapy became  abusive and endangered S.M.A.'s physical and emotional health and impaired  her emotional development.&quot; <br />Obviously, the cases which get to the  courts aren't typical; but I wonder about the vast amounts of emotional and  psychological damage which are wreaked in the cases which don't get to the  courts. It frightens me that this book is sold without parents being  informed of the potential damage it can do.
B00000I924|5.0|This album has it all, and then some. Never settling for the same old idioms, Jeff has taken his work to new heights. The complexity, the subtlety, the beauty, the stick-your-finger-in-a-socket power rush; it's  all there. I have listened to this CD several times and it just keeps  sounding better and better. It rivals, and perhaps surpasses, &quot;Blow by  Blow&quot; and &quot;Wired&quot; in overall material quality. Granted,  there is no &quot;Goodby Pork Pie Hat&quot; or &quot;Cause We've Ended as  Lovers&quot;, but I'll trade those two for this entire album. Having been a  Jeff Beck fan since the mid sixties, I find this the most exciting album  yet and the one CD I would want to have if marooned on the proverbial  deserted island.
0060925000|4.0|Mr.Seth's book is great. His unique style creates brilliant characters. The best part is - they all are unique and yet easy to relate to. Very plausible. The beauty of the whole thing is that the central story is so  simple - of finding a suitable boy. Although many people I know have  criticised this work for not being &quot;literary&quot; enough - I don't  buy that. It's brilliant in characterization, with every one remaining in  the mind for a long time. The humour is excellent - again the kind one can  relate to easily. The only place where it falters is that it does not have  universal appeal - I feel it is a book primarily of and for Punjabis. There  are people who had difficulty in relating to certain characters. The  primary reason is that they have not been in that situation so it becomes  difficult. This thought got me thinking - I wonder how people who have got  nothing to do with India would understand certain typically Indian  situations.<br />That apart, it is a great book and I only wish that it was  longer.
B000002NHN|5.0|Loreena has astounded me once again!  I am almost addicted to this CD.  It has many different emotions such as the celebrations of &quot;The Mummer's Dance&quot;, to the chilling horror of &quot;The Highwayman&quot;, to the  despair of &quot;Skellig&quot;.  I hope she continues her fabulous work.
6305263248|5.0|Ronin is probably one of my top 5 movies of all time.  Not since &quot;The Deer Hunter&quot;, have I seen DeNiro wear a part like a tailored suit.  Jean Reno became a favorite of mine in &quot;The Professional&quot;, but  even as good as he was in that film, that performance is nothing compared  to his role in Ronin.  Overall, a superbly- made film, with probably the  best (and longest) car chase ever recorded on film.  For anyone intrigued  with espionage and all that entails, this is a must have film.  Since I  bought it, I've watched about six times, and  still want to see it again.   Simply fantastic.
B00000ADG2|3.0|I am an avid Hip-Hop and R&amp;B fan. I also liked the Fugees and felt that Lauryn was a fantastic contribution to the trio. I also thought the first single from this album &quot;Doo Wop(That Thing)&quot; was catchy,  clever and cute. I must say though that this album as a whole did not  &quot;move&quot; me at all. 5 times and on 5 different occasions I sat down  and listened to this album and only began to wonder what all the hype was  about. I like a total of 3 songs from this album, &quot;Doo Wop&quot;,  &quot;Nothing Even Matters&quot; and &quot;Ex-Factor&quot;. This album  certainly wasn't the &quot;magnum opus/creative masterpiece/urban  genius&quot; that it has been touted as being. It is unique in it's sound  but I certainly was not awed by it. Frankly speaking, I think the success  of this album has a lot more to do with her previous multi-platinum success  with the Fugees, a whole lotta propaganda, a good marketing campaign,  airwave bombardment and the recent commercial and industry interest in  R&amp;B/Hip-Hop &quot;urban&quot; music and the artists who create it.  As  far as I'm concerned, Lauryn is not a great singer. She rhymes better than  she sings and her voice seems shaky and montonous at times and her vocal  stylings aren't that soulfoul...they just seem repetitive at times although  she does put some emotion in them. I'm not sorry I bought this album I'm  just kind of dissapointed.
0783223218|4.0|Watch this one for Diane Venora's performance as a KGB agent.  She makes up for the tedium of the climax, and even for the inadequate use of the statesmanlike but oh-so-approachable Sidney Poitier.   Willis and Gere are a complete bore, but the writers do keep you guessing  on who the assassin's target really is.  One other noteworthy aspect of the  film is a gut-wrenching scene with the Jackal and a techno-geek at an  impromptu weapons testing range.  Just put the popcorn aside after the  previews.
0446605409|5.0|this is the first book i read by nelson demille and i have to say i was very impressed. i enjoyed john corey's outlook and attitude as the main character. i thought the book was very well written i did not want to put  this one down and look forward to reading more of nelson demille's books
0804106304|2.0|I thought the story was interesting, but the way it was boring was hard to read, it was boring, plain and simple.  The portrait painted by this author of Chinese-Americans is all just fluff.  Please, get real.
B000001GBJ|5.0|I live on a pond with swans, herons, hawks etc. This CD is a beautiful background piece for the tranquility of nature that goes on outside my windows. I pop it into my car CD player on my way to and from work to  invoke that peaceful feeling to begin and end each work day. Mesmerizing...
B000002NJS|5.0|I LIKE THE POWER OF GOODBYE #10, THE BEST, I LISTEN TO IT OVER AND OVER AGAIN FOR HOURS. THE OTHER SONGS ARE VERY GOOD AS WELL. THIS CD IS WORTH THE MONEY YOU SPEND
0553108034|4.0|I was extremely excited to finally read the sequel to A Game of Thrones, which was truly excellent.  I think I let some of the hype sweep me up, because this series, though good, is nowhere near as good as the Wheel of  Time.     ACoK took a long time to get moving, with the first 10 chapters  or so used to remind us of where and who the characters are.  It also  seemed as if there was a lot of unnecessary... everything, in this book.   Too much dialogue, character development, names of every single knight in  the world.  Martin's excellent writing style kept me turning pages, but not  enough action occurred in the book as far as genuine plot-necessary  occurences are concerned.      I know Martin has said that he wants his  magic to be mysterious and enigmatic, but it seems to me that he just  doesn't want to have magic be a large part of the plot, he wants to write a  HISTORICAL novel, not a fantasy novel, so he threw in a tad of magic to  reach the large fantasy-scifi market.   There is no way that this series  comes close to Jordan's series.  The only thing that Martin has done better  is that he has created one likable villian, Tyrion, whereas all of Jordan's  bad-guys are stereo-typical villians with no humanity.
B000002MFN|5.0|By far her best, and least superficial, album.  Highly recommended: I listened to it so much that now I'm sick of it, and that is intended as high praise.  I sure, in time, I'll go back to it.  This album caused me to  go back and review Madonna's earlier work that I never listened to.  This  album is so much better, and has so much more depth, that there is no  comparison.  <br />PS: Since Madonna is a fan of David Bowie, why don't they  collaborate?  I'd love to see them do a single and a video together.
B00000IBRI|5.0|It's not Dario Argento's best film by far but it is his most eccentric.  A visually stunning mad-as-a hatter-supernaturnal-fairy tale complete with razor-wielding monkeys, mutants and madmen.  Is it good?  Well, you really have to have a palette for this type of film--it's different, strange, beautiful and weird.<br /><br />A good DVD too.
B0000065O1|5.0|This is a great workout.  Way better than her first video &quot;Shape your Body&quot;.  You don't have to be really coordinated, and it keeps you interested by using moves from a lot of different sports, yoga, and martial  arts.  You will definitely feel and see the effects.  I turn down the sound  and crank up a CD because once you've done it a few times, it's easy to  follow even with no sound.<br />WARNING: You will be sore the first few times.
0792152328|1.0|This had to be the worst movie I have ever seen.  For 3 hours of my time I would have hoped for at least a desent movie.  The MOST over rated movie EVER<br />I wouldn't have even given it a 1 star but you have to.!!!!!
B000009DUY|5.0|I was amazed by &quot;Saving Private Ryan's&quot; stunning imagery, superb acting, and brilliant story, but the feature which captivated me the most was the excellant soundtrack by John Williams. &quot;Hymn to the  Fallen&quot; is a brilliantly crafted masterpiece showing off the eesence  of Williams's work. Written as a dedication to all who have given there  lives for our country, it will bring tears to your eyes as did the movie.  Surely a theme which will be remembered through a lifetime of war, it is a  must for anyone with a heart to the reality of the tragedies so many  families have had to face with the deaths of our loved ones. While  listening, you can almost picture the smoke of the gunfire, the the fallen  soldiers, and the tears in the eye of a close friend as the trumpet cries  out in tribute.       The entire cd is truly a stunning masterpiece which  will, as Steven Spielberg wrote, &quot;'Stand the test of time and honor  forever the fallen of this war and possibly all wars'&quot;.
0871137380|5.0|In &quot;Black Hawk Down : A Story of Modern War&quot;, Mark Bowden does a superb job of recreating what must have been a horrific and terrifying experience to those who participated in the events he describes. As a  result of reading this book, I'll never again take for granted our armed  forces or the risks they sometimes must take on our behalf. <br />Reading it  made me think we should be bombing Somalia instead of Yugoslavia.
B0000062Y2|4.0|If only it were possible to combine the disparate elements of this fine recording and the original Broadway cast recording.  Ted Neeley's Jesus can get a trifle whiny from time to time and he falls far short of Ian Gillan's  definitive vocal acrobatics on track 2 of disc 2.  All in all, however, his  interpretation is worth listening to.  Carl Anderson's Judas makes poor  Murray Head seem like a pretender and the Soundtrack's chorus is  distressingly out of tune at times (listen for a striking example of  tone-deafness demonstrated by one woman on track 8 of disc 1 - you can't  possibly miss her).  The Soundtrack also includes some tunes that were not  on the Broadway recording.  Check out track 5 of disc 1, for example - the  bass line rocks.  Regardless of which version appeals to you, the music and  the characters strike a chord.  Much like Nikos Kazantazkis's controversial  interpretations of Jesus and Judas in &quot;The Last Temptation of  Christ&quot;, this music breathes life into individuals who have been so  lauded or vilified throughout history that we've lost any sense of the  humanity that draws us to them.  Sit back, close your eyes and enjoy the  trip.
0783225199|5.0|Blues Brothers is a great movie, it's one of those few movies you can sit down and watch over and over again.  As a true Chicago fan and a resident of a Chicago, The movie shows what Chicago is really about.
6303855474|3.0|Judge Dredd began life as a comic book character in 1977.  Since then his world has expanded as a satiric metaphor for law enforcement and related issues.<br />It became natural that a movie would be made.  The result is this  exciting and gloriously garish looking spectacle reminiscent of the  overrated Batman films, but featuring a better cast and script.<br />Sylvester  Stallone is perfect at Joseph Dredd.  In the world of law, he IS the law.   Perps don't stand a chance in Mega-City with Dredd, let alone when he  receives most potent help from Judge Hershey (Diane Lane).  The film  explores Dredd's super-hard persona and is quite effective is explaining  why Dredd comes off as little more than a machine.<br />The villain in the  film is Rico (Armand Assante), Dredd's biological brother.  Along with a  renegade member of Mega-City's ruling council, Judge Griffin (a very  effective Jurgen Prochnow), and a Nazi-esque scientist named Ilsa (Joan  Chen with great cleavage and a horrible haircut), Rico plans to populate  Mega-City with a race of obedient clones.  But first they must frame Dredd,  the Judge who sent Rico to prison.    The battle to clear Dredd's name and  stop Rico and Griffin takes up the action in the form of several very  eye-catching action set-pieces, notably an aerial bike chase reminiscent of  the Star Wars films, the lightcycle chase in Tron, and the famed car chases  of Bullitt, The French Connection, and The Seven-Ups.<br />The film's major  flaw lies in the lame comedy of Rob Schneider.  Given the film's otherwise  excellent casting - Max Von Sydow and Mitchell Ryan in particular give  superb performances - the presence of Schneider is especially injurious to  the film.<br />Danny Cannon's direction is good - nowhere better than in the  scene when Griffin learns to his horror that Rico has doublecrossed him  with the clones.  The scene includes a great bit of suggestive comedy; Rico  bellows to Griffin that &quot;I'm about to become a Daddy,&quot; then cuts  to a smiling Ilsa, as though Rico's boast is literal.<br />Despite Rob  Schneider, Judge Dredd is an entertaining sci-fi action yarn.
B000002UUX|5.0|First of all, if you're going to buy any Megadeth album, buy this one.  It has great energy, lots of killer guitar harmonizations between Mustaine and Freedman, and it allows you to vent your frustrations without blowing up a  building.  The best song (and largely ignored by everyone) is &quot;Tornado  of Souls.&quot;  This song has got to be one of the best metal singles in  the history of mankind, and if you can't handle it -- go buy some  Backstreet Boys and lock yourself in the garage with the car running.
B00000ADG2|5.0|Seeing as how I live abroad and never listen to the radio (because I love music)I count on reviews for my musical info updates and went to Amazon to read the reviews of this album when I had seen that it won best album. At  the time there was a line up of rather discouraging reviews but I bought it  anyway. I am unfamilliar with this genre of music and had to listen several  times before I was able to &quot;hear&quot; it. There are a couple of songs  I don't care for but Ms. Hill's talent is undeniable. This album is not  only beautiful, but innovative and profound; something I rarely say about  commercial music. The mix of emotional and musical sensitivity provokes a  depth of feeling that strips you down and makes you confront yourself. An  interesting experience.
0792839730|2.0|WHILE THIS IS A VERY GOOD MOVIE. THE TRANSFER IS VERY POOR , WITH A TON OF ARTIFACTS. LOOKS LIKE  YOU ARE WATCHING IT AT A RUN DOWN THEATRE WITH A 30 YEAR OLD SCREEN. STICK WITH THE VHS VERSION. ALL STAR CAST- GOOD ACTING
6300246876|5.0|Many films attempt to tell true stories.  One of the few that does justice to its subject is Tora! Tora! Tora!, a full-scale recreation of Pearl Harbor and the events leading up to the Day Of Infamy.<br />Verisimilitude  permeates throughout the film, from the full-sized mockups of Japanese  aircraft carriers and the battleship Nagano to the Japanese Zero, Kate, and  Val aircraft and American P-40 Warhawk fighters to the miniature and  full-sized models of American battleships.  Much of the combat footage was  shot at Pearl itself and surrounding Air Force bases, while miniature work  blends splendidly into the action.<br />The enormous cast captures the  exchanges of ideas and arguments among the various players involved in the  attack.  The most sympathetic player is Admiral Yamamoto.  The film very  nicely captures his lack of desire to go to war with an America that could  not possibly lose a war with Japan based on the comparative industrial  power of both nations.  Also captured is the greater bloodthirstiness of  fellow Imperial Japanese Navy officers, leading to a chilling scene during  final pre-sortie debriefing when Yamamoto orders that the First Air Fleet  abort the mission should negotiations with America succeed; fellow officers  universally reject such an order, until Yamamoto hisses that any officer  unwilling to follow should resign at once.<br />Also captured are the motions  of General Walter Short (Jason Robards) and Admiral Husband Kimmel (Martin  Balsam), working to second-guess Japanese intentions minus intelligence  data available to US Navy intelligence in Washington.  Navy intelligence  accurately guesses that intercepted Japanese diplomatic messages indicate  Tokyo to be preapring for war, but there is never any indication that Pearl  Harbor itself will be attacked.<br />But it is, and the attack is brilliantly  recreated.  Battleships are hit by torpedos and bombs, planes parked  together to prevent sabotage are slaughtered trying to takeoff, and the  result is the greatest naval disaster suffered by American arms.<br />But  Admiral Yamamoto knows that what will result will be catastrophic for  Japan, and the film ends with him staring into the sky - into the  future.<br />For sheer perfection, Tora! Tora! Tora! succeeds.
B000007R1M|4.0|I began listening because my older brother had the album.  I weas completely amazed at the complexity of the album.  Now I no longer find my musical tastes from my brother and this specific album is an earthshaker.   It is complex with visions of synth harmony that go beyond its' own time  and really leaves the rotten time it was recorded in far behind in the  dust..  This is a must have for anyone and everyone.
B000002513|5.0|I was never much of a springsteen fan; i always equated him with billy joel--a guy who could write catchy pop songs without any real soul or substance.  Then one day i heard Rosalita on a local classic rock station;  i was absolutely enthralled; and when the DJ said that was bruce  springsteen, i immediately went out and bought this album.  Although the  boundless energy of Rosalita seems to be an anomolous track, ALL the tracks  are exquisite: beautiful lyrical compositions coupled with magnificent  musical arrangements.  Bruce sounds terrific and his backing band is  superb.  This single album has completely changed my view of Springsteen as  an artist.
0553260111|5.0|This is the only book that I have ever finished reading the last page and turned to the first page and started it again!  It is great!
6304500831|5.0|This Disney classic is one of the best.  Fun, great music, and a movie everyone can enjoy.
006109594X|3.0|Interesting description of carrier and naval battle tactics but as a novel it moved somewhat slow and it was a bit too predictale. The first half was gripping but the second half was so so.
6305177473|4.0|This flick is great. it has some laughs and some amazing parts. could have been a little bit shorter.
6305365121|3.0|As a devoted Star Trek fan, I must say I enjoyed this film. It was the most humorous of all the Star Trek films and the special effects were great.  However, it was not without flaws.  The script was mediocre and the  plot had holes in it. The new enemies, the Son'a, were not nearly as  entertaining as the villanious Borg from the last Star Trek film, Star  Trek: First Contact. They seemed more like cranky old men rather than space  villains. This was a pretty good movie, but it wasn't as good as First  Contact, or it would have done better at the box office. I guess the odd  numbered Star Trek movie curse struck again.
0671510991|5.0|Diplomacy is an absorbing book  that captivates the reader in such a way that  makes you read this book over and over again. This masterful analysis of almost 200 years of world diplomacy, is  the most elegant study of  Western diplomacy I have ever read, and those with an insterest on foreign  affairs, may agree with me. Henry Kissinger, in a very detailed account of  the art of diplomacy, exposes the very nature and principles of the foreign  policy of United States. Brilliant in its analysis and without a doubt a  classic, this book  is the most important and influential work on foreign  affairs in more than 40 years. I read it four times, and simply, this is a  book that I will treasure for years.
6300248550|5.0|I've seen every version available (even the Scott/York one), and the Dalton/Clarke version is light years ahead of them all. <br />   Timothy Dalton IS Rochester....passionate and vulnerable, flawed and ALIVE, his  very existence tainted by that one &quot;fatal error&quot; that wrecked his  past and threatens his future (with Jane). He drew me in completely, making  me feel all of Rochester's conflicting emotions, aided by a delightful  script that was faithful to Charlotte's great book.  Whole passages of  dialogue appear to have been excerpted, and oh! did those words ring true  when filtered through Dalton's resonant, warm, perfectly-accented voice.   His performance was so magnificent, I was able to suspend disbelief over  the one flaw in casting him--he really *is* too good-looking (technically  speaking) to play Rochester. <br />As for Zelah Clarke, she simply made Jane  Eyre come to life, straight from the pages of Bront's book, and there is  no better compliment I can give her.  I've heard some say that she was too  &quot;old&quot; to play Jane, but she had such a grasp of the character,  embodying Jane's very mannerisms, that honestly, this point never even  occurred to me while watching the video. Now THAT's the mark of a great  performance!<br />This video is a definite \\"must-buy\\"---one to be watched and  savored over and over again.  Enjoy!
B000002C4J|5.0|EXCUSE ME , BUT IS THIS WOMAN GOD OR WHAT. CELINE DION YOU ARE A MIRACLE TO BEHOLD. I LOVE YOU . YOU ARE THE BEST EVER , THE WORLD HAS EVER HEARD. YOU ARE GODS VOICE TO US ALL. GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR GOLDEN VOICE
B000001FAU|5.0|Great album. Absolutely recommendable for any rock fans. I especially love the ending song, A Light In The Black.
B00000DHR0|5.0|CELINE DION YOU ARE A MIRACLE TO BEHOLD. I LOVE YOU . YOU ARE THE BEST EVER , THE WORLD HAS EVER HEARD. YOU ARE GODS VOICE TO US ALL. GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR GOLDEN VOICE.
0195067142|5.0|This book was used in a college course that I took concerning World War II in the Pacific. It is an excellent book concerning the daily life and  feelings of the combat soldier.  Very vivid  account of experience of a  battle weary veteran. This book makes you feel as if you are in the  fox  hole with the veteran experiencing the weather, fear, weariness and  emotions of battle. After you have read the books on strategies of  World  War II in the Pacific you must read this  book on the experience of the  battlefield.
B000002AT6|5.0|Even if you didn't like the movie (or Titanic, for that matter) you will love this soundtrack.  It's moving and beautiful.  I could listen to it all day and not get sick of it.  Wonderful, delicate, just beautiful...
B00000ICD9|5.0|Not a film to be watched lightly, What Dreams May Come challenges the mind and heart of the viewer. There was something strangely familiar in the  vision of the lake by the house in Heaven. Then I read that scenes from  Glacier National Park in Montana were used. Clearly the vision is based on  Two Medicine Lake located near the eastern edge of the park. The real  mountain in the background is Mt. Sinopah. I have always thought this was  the most beautiful place on Earth since my first  visit. Obviously, others  think so too. See this wonderful, thought-provoking and  up-lifting movie.  Then travel to Glacier. You will fall in love!
0380002930|5.0|Watership Down is one of the few books I have ever actually read twice.  It was just as good if not better the second time around.  A story about a society of rabbits would seem to be a most unlikely plot line for a book.   Yet, Ricard Adam's manage to create a stunning masterpiece.  I will cherish  this book for as long as I am alive.
0451169514|5.0|This is the best King has written up to now, and the change in his style and topic choices that ocured in the last six or seven years regretfully suggests that he will not be up to this quality again. The book is superb,  with a relentless tension that mounts from the first page and maintains its  magnitude until the last chapter. The horror of the plot takes its root  from the irrational yet so common fears everyone endures during childhood  years, and this is what makes it so disturbing. Character analyses are,  although very classic and down-to-lines, very good, and many heroes in the  plot keep you guessing who will survive the ordeal. King has also topped  his storytelling talent in this novel. The place descriptions are very  good, giving a nice view of a small American town, with a touch of malice  in every step.  One would except a book so long will be boring, in some  parts at least. But that is definetely not the case. I did not look at the  page numbers while I read it, except when it was time to put it down.  And  after that, sleep was hard to come.
0790705141|5.0|Stanley Kubrick created an utter masterpiece with this haunting adaptation of Stephen Kings novel (also kings best book I believe). Jack Nicholson plays the perfect psycho, very convivcing (should of won an academy award  for this) The cinemotagraphy is classic kubrick, very psychological. I  reccomend this video to anyone who wants a good scare.
B00000DGUG|4.0|I bought this CD last night and  for the first time in years, a record made me stop whatever I was doing (i.e., reading, or walking around ) to pay close attention to the music.<br />This record is definitely different  than her previous one. The only hummable tune is 'Thank You'. The rest of  the Cd sounds  more like a personal statement from Alanis than a rock/pop   album. Makes me remember of John Lennon's  early post-Beatles stuff (not  the music, but the mood), where he threw all his discoveries in his  music(think of 'I Found Out' and 'God 'as a comparison).<br />A good CD, but  don't play it at a party. It's a record to pay close attention to.  statement
B000002TPS|1.0|Don't you hate it when a band that used to be one of your favorites changes it's style to become more &quot;commercial&quot;  Megadeth's last great album was Rust in Peace.  If you like Metallica's new sound then  you'll probably like this one.
B00000FYIL|1.0|bad has nothing to do with time period
630025075X|3.0|This video is split up into 3 parts: Part 1 A concert featuring mostly About Face songs but a couple Floyd with Nick Mason on drums for CN.  The  camera work is kind of cheap here but nonetheless I find it to be a much  more intersting show than Delicate Sound of Thunder. Part 2 A couple of  music videos for Blue Light and All Lovers..  Part 3 The reason I got  this..entitled &quot;after the floyd&quot;.  it starts with Dave watching a  TV with the Wall movie on it during &quot;ABITW II&quot; and then goes to  interviews with Nick Mason, Pete Townshend, etc.  <br />All in all, it's for  the diehard Floyd fan only.
B000002OX7|5.0|This was the album played over and over in the dorm I lived in during my Freshman year of college.  It was definitely the defining album of the time.  Clearly the best the Who ever produced. They peaked with this album  and the tour which followed it.
B000002MK8|5.0|Actually I bought this CD because of &quot;Have I Told You Lately?&quot; and I fell in love with it. It is perfect from the beginning till the end. My favorites are &quot;Tonight's The Night&quot;, &quot;Cut Across  Shorty&quot;, &quot;Have I Told You Lately?&quot; and &quot;Mandoline  Wind&quot;. But all the other songs are great too.<br />It is funny because  I've never been a Rod Stewart fan but this CD is a jewel so I recommend it  to everyone.
B000001EYO|1.0|Apparently &quot;soundtrack&quot; means &quot;at least half of the music&quot;.  At 14 of 27 cited in the movie credits, this CD squeezes by.  Too bad the Creedence, the Shawn Colvin, the Townes Van Zandt, and other  defining musical moments didn't make it onto the CD, in which the hand of  the Coens is notably absent.  They must be already spinning in their future  graves over this piece of studio garbage.  Like exploding fuel tanks and  failing brakes, this one deserves a corporate recall and reissue.
B00000IGGA|5.0|Maybe one day when you're walking among the fields you'll come across this album on the floor, pick it up, and swallow it in one gulp.
0606023992|4.0|The Mannheim translation is not quite as accurate as the Hurst &amp; Blackett edition, in fact it contains a significant editorial(?) error. To those who have read it and found it boring, so I believe you would find  much literature of the turn of the century. Literacy and literary style  have changed a great deal since then, but not necessarily for the better.  Perhaps it is not quite up to par with the classics, but Hitler was not a  professional writer. He did have quite an understanding of contemporary and  historical events of his age, and made quite a few accurate predictions  and/or analyses. Certainly not the mad ravings of a lunatic rug-chewer that  I was otherwise led to believe. This is also only one aspect (although a  fundamentally significant one) of the National Socialist German Worker's  Party. Another important document would be the pamphlet of the 25 Points of  the Party's platform, penned by Hitler and Gottfried Feder. Good Luck  trying to find it- it doesn't match up with the &quot;evil monstrous  vehicle of hatred&quot; we've all heard since 1945. You've maybe heard of  the &quot;Big Lie&quot; propaganda technique? Check out pg.232 of the  Mannheim edition. See who really invented the Big Lie...you'll be  surprised.
B000000WF0|5.0|Up until Setember 30, 1997, I was a devoted classic rock fan under the spell of The Beatles and The Doors.  Until that time I was much like any classic rock fan saying that modern music just wasn't like the good old  rock n roll of yester year.  This all changed with the opening strings of  Bittersweet Symphony. Not since I had finished listening to Abbey Road, had  I been able to say that I could listen to a full CD without skipping a  song.  Every song seemed to pull me in, with great guitars, lyrics, rock 'n  roll prowess, strings, loops, you name it Urban Hymns has it.  Since I  completed my onslaught of Verve CDs, I have them all including singles and  a bootlegs, I have found that modern music can be not only hip but as it  not more musically merrited than classic rock.  This is by far and away my  favorite album of all time.  I feel that it is the Abbey Road of the 90's,  and should go down in the books as the turning point of rock n roll, it may  have saved it.  It did for me!
6302859204|5.0|I loved this movie and it scared the hell out of me. This is probably one of my favorite types of alien movies.
6300216802|3.0|This picture was a mixed bag when it first came out years ago. It was terrific seeing the original cast back in action and fantastic to see the new Enterprise and all those special effects. On the other hand, several  long, drawn-out sequences and a apparent recycling of &quot;Star Trek&quot;  TV plotlines (&quot;The Changeling&quot;, for one) were drawbacks. What  saves the film is seeing that wonderful trio, Kirk, Spock and McCoy,  together again (not to mention the rest of the crew), and the terrific  musical score.
0606005919|5.0|I read &quot;Of Mice &amp; Men&quot; while in school. It was one of the first books I was 'forced' to read in school that I blew through! I have been a Steinbeck fan ever since. While I enjoyed his most famous work,  &quot;The Grapes of Wrath&quot;, I feel it pales in comparison to  &quot;East of Eden&quot;. I recently found out that it is a very  autobiographical story, which perhaps is why is comes across so powerfully.  Simply one damned amazing book!
