B000056NX5|5.0|I never wrote any review on amazon until now, so this alone tells how much I enjoyed this DVD. I'm a big fan of Jesus Christ Superstar. I have seen 24 stage performances from all different productions in Asia, Europe and US. I also have 70's movie version with Ted Neely. And yet, this version is the &quot;Best&quot; Jesus Christ Superstar I've ever experienced with!! To make this review short, I would recommend reading Liz Kinver's review, &quot;Wow! What inspiration!&quot; Make sure you buy DVD format because you'll watch it over &amp; over &amp; over &amp; over again!!
0440219078|5.0|I read this book when I was 12 years old and it is still one of my all-time favorite books.  I would recomend this book to any one, young or old.
0345350499|5.0|When I picked up &quot;The Mists of Avalon&quot; I was skeptical as to how a book about the Arthurian legend could come to life in a simple book. But what I found was much more then I could have ever expected. Marion Zimmer Bradley is, as I like to call her, sugar to my mental mouth. I can't get enough of her writings. &quot;The Mistis of Avalon&quot; held me from the very first sentence to the very last word. Morgaine was my favorite character. She was strong, she was determined, yet she was only human. There was only so much that she could do to save Avalon and it's inhabitants. And what a special place Avalon is! I remember when I first read it, I wanted so badly to be a priestess of Avalon. Besides all of my daydreaming, &quot;The Mists of Avalon&quot; is the book that made me want to read anything I could get my hands on. It began my craving for literary works. I highly suggest that you read this book. It's the best out there.
B00004Z459|5.0|When I first heard Linkin Park on the radio i knew I had to get the CD. This band is my favorite band. The whole CD is awesome. There is not one bad song on it. In my opinion you should definatly buy this CD.
B00003CXB2|5.0|American Film Institute voted &quot;Lawrence of Arabia&quot; the 5th greatest film out of 100 films in the last 100 years (1998).  Winner of 7 Oscars Including; Best Picture 1962 &amp; Best Director - David Lean.  The movie is based on the book &quot;The Seven Pillars of Wisdom&quot; written by T. E. Lawrence.  This was Lieutanant Lawrence's tale of his adventures in Arabia during World War I while serving as a cartographer in the British Army.<br />T.E. Lawrence (played by Peter O'Toole -his first major role - Oscar nominee) was a British Hero who brought infamy to himself and his counrty through his deeds in Africa.  O'Toole's personifies Lawrence's character to the letter. <br />In Summary; The period was during the war in Africa against the invading Turks.  Lt Lawrence was an eccentric, interlectual &amp;  society outcast who joined the military to serve and explore the Arabian culture.  He manipulated his way into being a miltary advisor for the Arabs in their fight against the Turks.  Up until this time Lawrence was totally incompetent and disliked by all his fellow officers.  Well Lawrences genius and ability to befriend &amp; unite the feuding Arab tribes &amp; fight the Turks was nothing but unbelieveable since his fellow advisors had no success at all.  Lawrence not only unified the tribes, but was adopted &amp; elected by them (his British Officers hated this because of his independent nature) to lead their revolt against the Turks defeating them continuously. He was treated as a world wide hero &amp; devine leader and the rest is history.<br />This movie is the grandest in cinematic scale and the desert mesmerizes our senses.  We become totally absorbed in its splendor.  Digitally remasterd both in picture and sound presents the haunting immense scope of the desert beautifully.<br />The many extras on this DVD make you understand the complexity of the man &amp; the making of this &quot;Desert Epic&quot;.  A very long movie and an very slow evolving telling of this long complicated storyline.  David Lean is the master storyteller &amp; he does this beautifully.
0679879269|5.0|This book kept me in suspense the whole time.  I would definately recommend reading The Golden Compass and The Subtle Knife first, as several referances are made to people/events/places in those books.  In this book Lyra and Will start off on an adventure which is said to be impossible, to travel to the World of the Dead.  On the way they meet many new people and have many exciting encounters.  I would definately recommend this book!
0553573403|5.0|This is a fantastic book. I had heard that George R. R. Martin was a good writer, so I picked up &quot;Game of Thrones&quot; and did not regret it! This book is just wonderful. The characters are great, and I loved how the chapters alternated points of view. That way, I never got tired of the characters, and I could see the events from all points of view. I was never bored with this book. If you like epic fantasy, or any kind of fantasy, read &quot;Game of Thrones&quot;!
0804106304|4.0|Tan does a marvelous job of contrasting the Americanized Chinese life with the &quot;classical&quot; Chinese life by having sets of mothers and daughters.  Also, the structure of the novel works well in that each part is in a similar time-frame and deals with a similar relationship problem but views it from each family.  However, what I found annoying is that no character emerges as a strong, unifying force to which the reader can relate.  This ends up causing one to feel like there are a great number of vaguely-understood characters rather than one or two well-known and memorable characters with a supporting cast.  Perhaps that was Tan's intent--to have central ideas illustrated by numerous characters.  But I'm not into novels of ideals so that would be lost on me.<br />In summary, a good read and I look forward to exploring her more recent works.  Just not on my &quot;best ever&quot; list.
0684865130|3.0|Catch-22 was a very confusing book to read at times.  I thought it was really fun to read about the insanity of war and what a person thinks of war.  In my opinion war is crazy I would not want to be in a war for anything in the whole world.  I could not imagine myself flying in an aircraft over a battle zone bombing things, and risking my life for my country many times.  That is what the main character of the book did he was Yossarian.  Yossarian was my favorite character in the book, because he understood how crazy the war was and he really didn't want to be in it.  Many times he tried to get away from where he was stationed but the commanding officers would not let him leave.  Yossarian made a lot of decisions throughout the book whether or not to leave the army or to stay, and he was always looking out for the most important person in his life and that was him.  That related most to me, because I think of myself as the most important person in my life, and I would do whatever it took to make me happy.  Not to say I wouldn't help other people, but I would look out for myself first and for most.   I thought the book was very funny.  The author Joseph Heller used very funny language throughout the book.  His diction is what made the book so great. He made the readers see how insane war really is, which I think is really good for young people to figure out, before they get involved with the army or navy.  Think how crazy you have to be to fly a jet over a place that is being bombed and try to dodge missles being fired at you.  To me that would be insane and to Joseph Heller that would be insane also.  I couldn't imagine myself ever wanting to go to war.  People might say well your dying for your country and you have to do this to protect us, well there are other ways of solving disagreements with other countries.  Every character in the book was very realistic.  I thought that the soldiers were all very scared to die, and they wanted out.  I wouldn't' blame them. Overall this book was really good, I would recommend it to anyone who wants to read a book that has the insanity of war in it, without the violence and the graphic descriptions.  Some parts were confusing to me but for the most part I understood the whole book.  I would read a Joseph Heller book again.
6304097050|5.0|Although I haven't purchased this video, I recently hired it from the local video shop. Previous to watching this video I had only heard the name Sugar Ray Robinson.  Man what can I say, this video is fantastic. I believe that it has so far been underated in other reviews. Not only do u get 2 see Sugar Ray dishing out some serious damage u get to see all the greats of the times and witness mammoth battles. Any one boxer that can have 112 fights and 1 loss is pretty bloody good. In the end sugar had about 174 wins some thing like 19 loses and 120 or 140 ko's-- most of the loss's coming after the age of 40--<br />Just a correction-- Ali did say that 'pound for pound' sugar ray was the greatest boxer-- but in true ali fashion he boasted-- 'pound for pound I am the greatest HEAVYWEIGHT ever&quot;<br />i cannot recommend this film enuf :)
B00005AFVR|5.0|Having been at the last show at MSG July 1, I was very anxious for this CD to be released.  A long-time fan, this past summer was my first opportunity to see Bruce live.  I was not disappointed.<br />This CD is a true reflection of Bruce now, the band and their unbelievable stage presence.  Nearly every track is mesmerizing. &quot;Land of Hope and Dreams&quot; is undeniably the best song on the CD. It was the song he closed the New York shows with and the audience was nearly in tears that the show was over. I've never seen anything like it.  All of this emotion just pours out of every song.  For the final show, though, he came back after &quot;Land of Hope and Dreams&quot; and really finished with &quot;Blood Brothers&quot;.  I was disappointed that it wasn't included on the record.  However, this live compilation is wonderful!
0515127485|4.0|First off, for those of you think that &quot;Archangel&quot; is an alternate history in the tradition of Harris' excellent &quot;Fatherland&quot;, it's not.  This novel is more of a &quot;what if&quot;; an examination of the ripple that one change in history might have.  I don't want to discuss the specifics for fear of ruining the plot, but suffice it to say that it involves the politics of modern day Russia.<br />Overall this is a strong novel.  Harris once again makes good use of real history to set the tone, and in this case displays an astute take on the political situation in Russia.  He wisely recognizes that freedom without prosperity can make people nostaligic for even the most brutal regimes.  Furthermore, in its latter stages, &quot;Archangel&quot; serves as a cautionary tale for the dangers of nationalism run amok.<br />So there is a lot of meat to this novel.  Unfrotunately, Harris hurries through the last 50 pages or so.  Of course, I understand the need to create a sense of urgency and pace to any thriller, but by the end I almost felt like he was just bailing out.  There were a lot of different paths that might have led to a more satisfying conclusion.<br />All in all though, &quot;Archangel&quot; is a strong political/thriller, which is let down, but not ruined, by a rather rushed conclusion.
B000002TWN|5.0|From the moment I saw the video for &quot;Me and Those Dreamin' Eyes of Mine,&quot; complete with a sexy young black man, a coffee house jazz feel right down to the bass, and his beautiful, beautiful voice, I knew I was in love.<br />D'Angelo is a musical GENIUS.  He effectively blends the old and new on &quot;Brown Sugar,&quot; giving you the feeling of deja vu at the same time as you're thinking &quot;this is truly different...&quot;.  And his voice, my GOD!  <br />If you are a music fan, you will NEVER regret owning this CD, for not a beat of it is anything but brilliant.
0395645662|5.0|Jonas and his family live in an ideal world. A world without violence, crime, or poverty. Unfortuately, their society is also arranged so that people live without choices. There is very little emotion. Respect for life means something completely different in their community. The memories of life for the entire community are stored in one person's mind, the Giver. When the children are twelve, they are assigned their occupations, which will not change for the rest of their lives. Jonas is chosen to be the new Receiver of memories. He begins a journey, from which he will never recover. This is a very intersting and thought provoking book. There are some very disturbing ideas addressed in this book. It is a wonderful story to read, regardless of one's age. If you have ever wondered what it would be like to live in a &quot;perfect&quot; society, you should read this book.
B000002TQB|5.0|Blur took indie music to a higher pinnacle in 1994 with the release of the critically-acclaimed 'Parklife'. Suddenly bands producing music of a similar genre had new heights to aspire to and thus the face of indie music was altered for good by Albarn, Coxon, Rowntree and James. This metamorphosis occurs in 16 tracks. 'Girls and Boys', the  infectious and commercially-successful (it reached no.5 in the CIN-compiled U.K. singles' chart) opener, ensures a lively start to the album. When 'Tracy Jacks' takes over the reigns this style remains although the sing-along nature of its predecessor is lost. After the run-of-the-mill 'End of a Century' comes 'Parklife', a well-known anthem starring Phil Daniels. The title track is a major highlight-quite a compliment considering the quality possessed by the album as a whole. Other particularly outstanding tracks are 'Magic America', 'London Loves' and 'Trouble at the Message Centre'. The latter is experimental and thus helped to catalyse the progression which was undergone by indie music in the second-half of the nineties. The old cliche 'nothing is perfect' does indeed apply to 'Parklife': 'Clover Over Dover' and 'To the End' are two relatively weak tracks. The company which they keep does them no favours either.  Overall, however, the album is a masterpiece; a work of artistic beauty. Blur have strived to create an album bearing resemblance to the quality of 'Parklife' on three occasions- 'The Great Escape', 'Blur' and '13' have all been released- but none have been on a par with the audacity-filled 'Parklife'.       By Edward Horton, the biggest Blur fan in the world...ever!
0743420373|1.0|This book was terrible - a magazine article made into a book as another reviewer mentioned. Basically they tell you to live below your means, and to save every penny you can by purchasing used cars, houses in middle class neighborhoods, buying cheap clothing, etc. The basic advice is good (a la Dave Ramsey), but it could have been presented better.<br /><br />Beyond being frugal, they didn't tell you how these millionaires invested their money, or how they handled charitable contributions, or anything like that. They basically repeated over and over to be frugal, save money, teach your kids how to be frugal and save money, and that was it. Plus they threw in many hard to read charts....
B00003CXA6|5.0|The DVD edition has an unusually good selection of additional material, including the 1955 short film &quot;Gettysburg&quot; and commentary by (among others) James McPherson.  It is a rare, true double-sided DVD (you actually have to turn the disk over to see all the material).<br />That being said, the commentary could have been better - they give equal time to historians and the people who make the film.  Normally I love listening to Director's commentary, but in this case what I really want to know is: &quot;how accurate is this portrayal of the battle?&quot;  The Director even says during Chamberlain's defense of Little Round Top &quot;I don't know how many men were in the actual battle but to shoot this scene we had about 75.&quot;  Well, I would like to know how many men were in the actual battle!  All-in-all however the DVD is an excellent value - definitely glad I bought it.
B00005AFVR|3.0|Although there are some bright spots on this CD,the song selection as well as the way he and the band delivers them suggests that father time may be catching up on him.Songs like American Skin and The River are very boring and go nowhere. Even some of his classics like Tenth Avenue Freezeout lack the zip they used to have back in the 70s and 80s. The bright spots are Born to Run and Out in the Streets as well as a few others but overall I would say that the years away from the E-Street Band has destroyed the magic and chemistry this band once had. However,compared to most of the garbage that is out there these days(90s and beyond),this CD,although disappointing is still better than most.
0312243022|5.0|It's not necessary to read Mrs. Dalloway before reading this, but it helps. Mrs. Dalloway inspires and informs The Hours, and Michael Cunningham references that book in such a way that he reminds you of certain feelings and events without rehashing them. This book was such a joy to read, I inhaled it. And there were so many truths about life and human nature, and not to be trite, but there seemed such wisdom in the storytelling. I am eager to read more by Michael Cunningham.
B00004YKUY|1.0|Okay, Perry's a great vocalist, and a hard one to sound like.  Who care's?  I feel bad because Steve Augeri will not get the recognition he deserves.  He just &quot;that guy they replaced Perry with&quot;.  Forget Perry and listen to the album. Augeri's vocals soar in this one.  It's a pure classic Journey album.  All the songs are brilliant.  The rockers rock and the ballads will be considered timeless.  If you like Journey, and I DO mean Journey, pick up the album.  I think you'll discover there's alot more than just Steve Perry.  By the way, Perry's solo albums, especially the second one &quot;Love of Strange Medicine&quot;, is kind of weak.
6302610702|5.0|The AFI ranked the first 100 films and to know ones surprise, films like Citizen Kane and Casablanca are in the top 3.  What might be a surprise is the \\"Godfather.\\" It only ranks third, and \\"Godfather II\\" only ranked 32.  To those of us who collect movies, study them, discuss them and even write about them, whether its professionally or as a hobby, very few would argue the Godfather isn't the best movie of all time.  Maybe the R rating kept is from its deserving number one ranking. Only the members of AFI know for sure. Think about it, for two generations we really believed that the Corleones existed, and some still do! The Godfather is the only film to have its sequel make the AFI top 100 list. This VHS set is a must for all who enjoy movies.  For those waiting for the DVD version, well, no release date is in sight.  This set is worth the investment, buy it and enjoy it, for the film buff and student of the industry; watch it over and over.  Put the DVD version on your hit list. When its available and then buy it.  Imagine the features it should have!
0062502182|5.0|When people ask me to name the best book I ever read, I say it wasthis book. When I was in junior high, I had no direction, was gettingCs in school, doing drugs, and got along with no one. I read it in afew hours, on my dad's couch over Christmas break. Following thatmoment, I shaped up: personally, academically, emotionally, andspiritually. It is a book that will renew faith in those who feel theyhave lost it, and bring it to those who are without. If you're willingto spot the extra buck, I would recommend the hard-cover version--theone with the pyramids on the front.  It's such an attractiveillustration. Furthermore, the illustrated version is exquisite andthe one I give to people for presents. ...and, for those who havealready read The Alchemist, I still haven't found my Fatima, but knowshe will come soon enough.
B00001ODHJ|5.0|This utterly hilarious spoof of the evil zombie movies plays like Doom with a laugh track.  Ash (lantern-jawed Bruce Campbell), a chain-saw wielding, double-barreled shotgun toting discount store clerk, is transported to the 13th century (along with his faded '73 Olds) and becomes a one-liner spouting hero who is destined to save the world from a nameless evil that animates an Army of, well, Darkness.  Everything from sword-and-sorcery to kung-fu action is parodied.  A cult classic.  Avoid the director's cut version, though; for some reason director Sam Raimi deleted some of the best one-liners (probably the ones he didn't write).  The third and by far the funniest movie in the &quot;Evil Dead&quot; series, you don't need to see the previous two to enjoy it.
B000001ESJ|5.0|While 2112 was the first Rush song I ever heard, A Farewell To Kings was the first Rush album I owned (the store didn't have 2112 at the time). Sentimentally, it's a favorite because it was among my first progressive rock albums, but beyond the gushiness I still love this album because it's great music.<br />For a band that critics hated, Rush had quite a following at this point, picking up numerous fans who'd been dazzled by the band's stunning musicianship, philosophical reflection typically disguised as fantasy/sci-fi stories (but not always...sometimes it was just a story), and the fact that they freakin' rocked. A Farewell To Kings produced one of the band's most popular songs, &quot;Closer to the Heart,&quot; which continues to receive the attention of classic rock radio stations all over the place. I don't use superlatives too much, but I must say that this is the best song under three minutes EVER. The socially conscious title track squeezes a lot of &quot;progression&quot; into a 5 minute song. The highlights of this album are the mesmerizing &quot;Xanadu&quot; and the rockin' space adventure known as &quot;Cygnus X-1, Book I.&quot; Even though the latter is best appreciated as a precursor to the phenomenal &quot;Hemispheres,&quot; it's a great song even on its own. The first movement is ominous, the second is catchy and exciting, and the third is an insane rhythmic assault underscoring Lee's screaming vocals.<br />Finally, like most of Rush's work, this really doesn't sound dated at all, despite being released in the late 70s. Timeless music is great music!<br />Critics [stink]. Rush rules. Or something. But I'm pretty sure I'm right.
B000002UAR|5.0|A stunner from start to finish- this may or may not be the greatest album ever, but it is surely in the top two or three of all time!A absolute first rate experience, GET IT NOW!
B000000OYQ|3.0|With OUTRIDER, Mr Jimmy Page releases the album fans during the seventies always wanted but never received.  This is a Blue's Guitar Album.  WASTING MY TIME and PRISON BLUES draw from the hard rock well of the early days.  And why not?  It was Mr Page who dug that well.  The production quality is what you would expect, that is, something better than anyone else can do.  Robert Plant, Jason Bonham as well as the &quot;guitar orchestra&quot; make appearances.  If you are interested in hearing a Blue's Guitar album from Mr Page, this CD will interest you.
B00003CX8J|2.0|Maybe I shouldn't have expected much from the X-Men but with Bryan Singer at the helm and his Apt Pupil star Ian McKellen in front of the camera I figured at the very least it would be entertaining.  And it is that, but my biggest complaint is that the first twenty minutes are so exceptional in the way the transend the typical comic book fare that it's a shame to see the rest of the movie fall apart.  It's as though Fox executives somewhere along the line saw the dalies and reminded Singer that he was making a much anticipated summer blockbuster, which brings with it certain expectations.  These expectations are met in the form of off-the-wall action, flamboyant characters that take themselves far too seriously and lots of eye candy.<br />If I had to pick a star out of the ensemble cast it'd have to be Hugh Jackman, who's the only actor to leave any kind of an impression, in the role of Wolverine.  He's a mutant drifter with an uncanny knack for healing himself who uses his powers, he also has retractable blades in his forearms, to fight his way out of trouble.  He travels from city to city, town to town, making money at tough man contests.  Being as the Aussie's a bit of a pretty boy, and bears a remarkable resemblence to Gladiator star Russell Crowe, none of the bar thugs want to concede that he's the better man, even after he's pumbled their peers.  So naturally he cleans up at these events, or at least until he meets a young girl and fellow mutant named Rouge.  Rouge's power (or in this case curse) is that she drains the lifeforce out of anybody she touches, even if it's inadventant.<br />Reluctantly Wolverine takes up with Rouge and the duo hit the road.  And it's not long after that they find themselves targeted by an evil mutant, Magneto (McKellen), bent on waging war on the humans.  He's loathing of mankind is spawned from surviving the Holocaust, and having seen the depths to which we're capable he decides to vanquish us.  He's met with opposition from a professor, Xavier (Patrick Stewart), who operates a school for the gifted.  Little does the taxpaying public know that this school is actually teaching mutants to hone their abilites, in this case in a positive way.<br />Chief skeptic to that fact is a Senator whose overwhelming fear of the mutants leads him to press for a bill that would act as a segregation law to seperate their kind from ours.  With mutants already having to endure an intolderably high number of threats this bill would only serve to condone the behavior of those who would perpetrate these hate crimes.  With his hopefulness in mankind contuniously sinking, Magneto takes the first step towards war by kidnapping the Senator and turning him into a mutant himself.  By doing this to him, and others like him, Magneto fells he can take control of the Congress and ultimately the world.<br />Scribe David Hayter makes a concerted effort to blur the lines between good and evil, but instead of making the film more thoughtful he only confuses the situation more.  He tries to do exactly what I'm critizing the film for not doing enough of, and I in turn am critizing him for that.  Maybe the X-Men just can't win with me.  Or maybe it's that inconsistency, the poor balancing act done between social satire and breakneck action that perturbs me so.  The filmmakers seem uncertain in the direction they want to take to movie, so they oversimplify things.  They allow the picture to switch gears at random which sends the story into a tailspin.<br />But what did I expect? Unfarmilar with the D.C. comic, and not being a particular fan of comics turned into films in general, I must admit a bias against this movie going in.  So maybe I'm not best suited to judge a film of this genre, but I can only hope that Ang Lee's upcoming The Incredible Hulk realizes the potential that I saw in this picture's first few minutes.
B00004UEF0|4.0|Mary Poppins is one of the stand-out live-action movies that Disney has ever produced.  The songs are very memorable - who out there does not find themselves humming or singing along with the likes of \\"Chim-Chim-Cheeree\\"?  Julie Andrews will always be remembered for her role as Mary Poppins, and Dick Van Dyke absolutely shines as Bert the Chimney Sweep.  The story is top-notch and has a wonderful moral without being too \\"preachy\\".  The animated bit is a little flat by today's standards, but it adds a wonderful bit of whimsey to a stellar production.  Highly recommended to any family with children.<br /><br />Then why only four stars?  Because there's a much better, two-disc, 40th anniversary edition that not only restores everythig to digital quality, but adds a second disc of deleted scenes, commentary, and many other cool new features.  Look for the new 40th anniversary DVD edition - it's worth waiting for!
0767814622|1.0|I have no comment for all the people who think this movie is great or some mere 'exagerration'.  It seems as if they do not even know what the word &quot;ORIENTALISM&quot; means. <br />However, in case one day, hopefully, Mr.Parker and Mr.Stone care to peruse these pages; I would like to ask them, very sincerely: HOW WOULD YOU FEEL IF AN ANTI-SEMITIC FILM BECAME SO FAMOUS??    AND IF YOU DO HAPPEN TO HAVE EVEN THE VAGUEST NOTION OF WHAT ANTI-SEMITISM IS, AND HOW IT WORKS, HOW ARE WE TO BELIEVE THAT YOU COULD NOT HAVE KNOWN, OR HAD ANY NOTION OF, THE EFFECTS OF A FILM LIKE THIS??
B00000ILDE|4.0|Does not hold the level of tension that the first film created,but still,a very good sequel. Gone for this sequel is the Panavision 2.35:1 ratio;the matted 1.85:1 ratio does create the intended &quot;chlostrophobic&quot; effect to good use. A good transfer from Fox,but not excellent,i did notice some scenes where grain was evident.
0767814622|1.0|I have no comment for all the people who think this movie is great or some mere 'exagerration'.  It seems as if they do not even know what the word &quot;ORIENTALISM&quot; means. <br />However, in case one day, hopefully, Mr.Parker and Mr.Stone care to peruse these pages; I would like to ask them, very sincerely: HOW WOULD YOU FEEL IF AN ANTI-SEMITIC FILM BECAME SO FAMOUS??    AND IF YOU DO HAPPEN TO HAVE EVEN THE VAGUEST NOTION OF WHAT ANTI-SEMITISM IS, AND HOW IT WORKS, HOW ARE WE TO BELIEVE THAT YOU COULD NOT HAVE KNOWN, OR HAD ANY NOTION OF, THE EFFECTS OF A FILM LIKE THIS??
6305313687|4.0|Edward Norton is Superb as Derek Vinyard,leader of a group of white supremacists.Extremely powerful drama from start to finish, with some scenes not easily forgotten,including the Basketball Match,another scene where Derek gives a brief lecture to a group of skinheads,before they raid a supermarket,and ofcourse the ending-inevitable,believable,memorable. An oustanding transfer from new line only adds to this,must have DVD.
0871137380|3.0|January 10, 1993. It was a busy Sunday afternoon in the ancient port city of Mogadishu, capital city of Somalia.  Like one of the many jewels plucked from the colonial crown of the once mighty empire of the European powers, it now lays fractured by the modern economical and political stresses that are the plagues of every third-world nation.  The actions of the United Nations range far and wide when involving humanitarian matters concerning the impoverished citizens of countries such as Somalia.  After the fall of the government, rival clans endeavored to seize control of power of the failing nation.  The Habr Gidr Clan proves to be one of the more unwilling supporters of the policies of the United Nations, and the United States accuse local thugs of commandeering supplies of food meant for the relief of starving citizens.  In order for the relief efforts to be effective, the United States determined that the leader of the Habr Gidr Clan, Aidid, and his command structure had to be neutralized in order for the country to be stabilized.  This was the situation Mark Bowden follows in his book, Black Hawk Down, and the purpose of the book is to establish for the reader just what happened in the dusty streets of Mogadishu on the 10th of January, 1993.   The book accomplishes its purpose in that he provides an accurate reflection of the soldiers who were there and their points of view, but he lacks overall context and the use of more maps and illustrations.<br />      The author, Mark Bowden, is a journalist from the 60's School of Revolutionary reporting.  Although he has written several pieces in the field of journalism, he has very little experience writing formal history.  Of course, that does not mean he is not capable of writing a definitive historical account, or that he has no right to place his work out of the realm of pop history.  His credentials show that he is a skilled and confident journalist.  The question is: could some serious historian, desiring to research the events of American involvement in Somalia, gain a contributing effort by referencing Bowden's book?  Your answer would be \\"yes\\".  Historians will gain much insight into the thoughts and actions of the soldiers who participated in the intense firefight in the heart of a war torn city.<br />      Which leads the critic into the next question to ask: is this a good book to read?  Yes, it depends what you are looking for though.  It is a definitive work in trying to understand the actions and reasons of why American servicemen had to spend overnight in the heart of a hostile city surrounded by thousands of unruly neighbors who happen to be armed with AK-47's and Russian RPG's.  It provides a wonderful account of modern urban combat in a third world environment.  Bowden systematically describe the account of the actions of the Delta Force and the Army Rangers who took part in the mission, but would not come out for almost an entire day.  It provides a good account of the command structure that is involved with such an operation.  It is a study of urban combat; on the other hand, if one was more interested in discovering the reasons for each command decision, `why was this done?', `why was that not done?', or why American forces pulled out of the Horn of Africa, then this will not be the book.<br />      Unfortunately, Bowden lacks on getting into logistical mechanics that are involved with running an operation of the caliber seen in Mogadishu.  He touches briefly on the Clinton administration and how their attitudes help to affect the entire campaign, but Bowden is a long way from analysis of the administration's real contribution to the whole operation.  This has the effect that all the reader really ends up with is just an account of an event, but it is taken out of contexts.  Bowden also fails to present in his book a copious supply of tactical maps.  In trying to determine just what exactly was going on, the use of maps would have been an important determination on whether if the lay reader could understand it, or if it required an expert on military tactics to understand what was going on in the book.  Maps and illustrations are a very important resource for any history book, and if the book in question lacks those resources, then it takes away from its usefulness.  Overall, Mark Bowden's Black Hawk Down is a well-documented reconstruction through the use of oral sources of the Battle of Mogadishu in early 1993.  The book accomplishes its purpose in that he provides an accurate reflection of the soldiers who were there and their points of view, but he lacked overall context and the use of more maps and illustrations to really make this book a knock-out punch.
6303913881|5.0|SHOWGIRLS is one of the greatest movie ever made. Elizabeth Berkley is magnificent and one of the most beautiful girl in the world. The Dance scenes are fabulous, the entire cast rocks( Gina Gershon, Gina Ravera, Kyle MacLachlan and others) and Dave Stewart's music is intense. Enjoy the trip...
0064407667|1.0|I loved the Harry Potter books, and I thought this would be similar. In some ways it is. It's imaginative and clever, but too dark -- almost morbid. <br />If you're looking for something good for kids, try Terry Brooks.
B00004X01U|5.0|Many have said this album sounds horrible because it doesn't sound like Madonna.  What sounds like Madonna?  She has gone through so many styles: R&amp;B, cheesy dance pop, sophisticated/sexual songs, electronic dance, spiritual music, e.t.c.  The reason she has been around for so long is because she is always changing what she does.  That said, here is my review of the album.<br />The album opens with the first single Music.  The catchy dance pop sounds and Madonna's vocals combine to make the ultimate party song.  The next two songs, Impressive Instant and Runaway Lover are Madonna's take on dance music.  While Impressive Instant is on the stranger side, with very strange lyrics, Runaway Lover is definately single worthy.  There is nothing exceptional about I Deserve It, but it sounds perfect in the album.  Amazing is in the same style of Beautiful Stranger.  Nobody's Perfect is definately addressed to the critics.  Don't Tell Me is one of the biggest highlights of the album.  It starts off with a guitar, which is playing sporadically with strange rests.  Then the electronic vibes fill in as well, and the song really gets going.  The lyrics are also very good, &quot;Don't tell me/Love isn't true/It's just something that we do&quot;.  This song is the albums 2nd single, and unfortunately is not getting the popularity it deserves.  The next song, What It Feels Like For A Girl, is the best song on the album.  It's going to be the 3rd single, and could definately blow up.  Paradise (Not For Me) is another very strong track, and the last song, Gone, is only medium, but like I Deserve It, fits the album well.  However, we could use a few extra tracks.  With only 10 it's kind of disapointing.  Perhaps she could have including her two singles from movies, American Pie (From the Next Best Thing) and Beautiful Stranger (Austin Powers II).  The songs would fit right in to the CDs groove.  Also a Music remix (Particularly one of the Groove Armada ones) would be a fantastic hidden track.  Keep it up Madonna!  I cannot wait for your next CD!
B000059R8Y|5.0|There are a lot of middle aged &quot;musicians&quot; out there that should know it's time to stop performing. E.C. is the exception.His vocals have never been better; the originality and class of the new tracks can't be rivaled. The unrivaled playing is so much a part of him he'll never lose it. Just wish he'd do more touring; especially in my area. Have never failed to see him whenever he's within driving distance.Keep 'em coming E.C.! And how about a new tour including the midwest!
B00002MZ2T|4.0|Savage Garden is certainly an interesting group.  They are a duo, with one singer and one musician.  They write their own songs and have created their own style.  Therefore, I don't think they should really be classified as a boy band.  The upbeat songs are full of joy and excitement.  Chained To You is probably one of the best on the CD.  Affirmation and The Animal Song are also good songs.  Crash And Burn is a beautiful slow/midtempo song.  It has heartfelt lyrics, and was the perfect choice for the 2nd single.  The 1st single, however, I Knew I Loved You is horrible.  It was overplayed to the max on every mainstream radio station, and it wasn't a great song to begin with.  Just another example of a cheesy pop ballad.  Overall it's a very enjoyable CD with some soothing rhythms.  But in closing: What exactly is the savage part in their name supposed to mean?  There really isn't anything 'Savage' in this CD . . .
B00004RF97|5.0|All modern writers of &quot;romantic-comedy&quot; should be required to watch &quot;The Philadelphia Story&quot;.  Too bad most of them won't - - this is the heart and soul of the romantic-comedy genre!  Rich dialogue and engaging characters make this sheer joy.
0800177177|5.0|Bram Stoker's Dracula is a great retelling of the classic Dracula story, plus they added some good special effects and eeriness.  Gary Oldman is great as Dracula, and Winona Ryder, Anothony Hopkins, and Keanu Reeves are likable as the main characters.  Not only is Bram Stoker's Dracula creepy, it also has romance, which most horror movies don't spend enough time developing.  This is a great DVD, though there are no special features, and it has a great price.
B000002U8G|5.0|I just wanted to say that the cover of meddle is superb if you actually look at it.  If you open the cover and look at it lengthwise (like an open vinyl album) you realize it's an ear sideways with water ripples on it.   The album is fantastic.  It's one of those albums that you can listen to a million times.  I highly recommend it.
B00003CXMG|5.0|I am so sick of hearing that Gladiator won the Oscar for best picture (2000), when Almost Famous was also a nominee.  I mean, Gladiator might've been OK in some ways, but it wasn't perfect.  When it comes to Almost Famous, we have a perfectly entertaining movie.  It's fun, sexy, and dramatic, yet we feel for all of the characters.  All the characters are likable, plus there are funny moments that you wish that OTHER MOVIE (GLADIATOR) had.  So if you want to see a more meaningful movie that should've won an oscar for best picture, see Almost Famous.  A great DVD!
B0000508U6|5.0|I finally got around to purchasing this album last week. After being disapointed with Radiohead's &quot;Kid A,&quot; I was a bit shell shocked to buy an album that people compared Radiohead to. The only thing this band has in common with Radiohead is they are both brits (In all fairness, they do have a hint of the old Radiohead that we all know and love). The album is amazing. I was impressed by the soft melodies and the smooth voice of Chris Martin. Trouble is by far the best song on the album and I will be shocked if it does not see some air play to follow up Yellow. I hate to compare this band to other groups but I will say this: I heared a hint (only a hint) of Radiohead, Dave Mathews, and the Wallflowers. In the chorus of &quot;Trouble,&quot; I thought I was listing to Pink Floyd for one tiny, tiny moment. This is a great album. No wonder it has been so popular in the UK.
6305320802|5.0|Considering this motion picture is some forty-six years of age, an adapation of a Broadway musical that opened in 1943, almost fifty-seven years ago, this DVD version of the 1955 film, with respect to opinions to the contrary expressed elsewhere, is simply splendid.<br />While declaring the timeless joy of this film, I can't help but feel disappointed that producers couldn't find locations in Oklahoma to shoot the exterior scenes, opting for the empty spaces of Arizona.  That aside, what a grand adaptation of what many consider the first modern musical.<br />While Gordon MacRae a very good Curly, Shirley Jones is truly marvelous as Laurie the central character in a story that has been characterized as, &quot;who will take Laurie to the dance.&quot;<br />As is so often the case, the filmmakers key casting decisions determine the quality of motion pictures.  Eddie Albert is an excellent Peddler, Ali Hakim.  Gloria Grahame's performance as Ado Annie Carnes sparkles. <br />Agnes De Mille dances have made this musical one of the best ever.  I'm was particularly impressed with &quot;Kansas City,&quot; &quot;Out of My Dreams,&quot; (dream ballet) and the &quot;The Farmer and the Cowman.&quot;<br />The one disappointment, as I reflect on the last few scenes, is why the producers/directors didn't utilize the Oklahoma vistas for the title production number, &quot;Oklahoma!&quot;  The Rodgers and Hammerstein classic deserved more elaborate staging/spectacle.<br />This is yet another musical that should become part of the literature/fine arts curriculum.  It's study would enrich senior high school social studies, literature and fine arts classes.
B00003CXB2|5.0|Watching this movie multiple times in inspired me to borrow a book based on the life of T.E. Lawrence and read it. If you are a fan of Lawrence of Arabia or curious as to some of the unanswered questions the movie poses, I highly recommend reading the book, even if you come from a &quot;fat&quot; country with &quot;fat&quot; people.
0452282152|4.0|If you enjoy historical fiction, or fictionalized biographies, you will enjoy this book. It's a short, quick read, very engaging, really because of the insight it gives into Vermeer's working style and technique. This book will inspire me to read a biography of Vermeer. I also look forward to reading more books by this author.
B00005AAFS|5.0|I had some doubts before it was released, but the first impression was flabbergasting. Can the next one be even better than this? How far can these guys go? It's so good, it's scary.
B000002GXS|4.0|and put it in your car's CD player, and drive through the night to somewhere. Anywhere. It's one of the great recordings from the 1970s. Don't miss it. I picked it up in 1980 in vinyl. The lyrics are occaisionally insipid, but just as often dazzling.<br />Unlike in his later stuff, he sings clearly.
B00005A1PR|5.0|Sultry, soulful, impressions and unconditional love, describes India Arie's lyrics.  She's a breath of fresh air, an artist we've all been waiting for in r&amp;b music, it is about time!  Rhythmic beats, mixed with soulful harmonious vocals, hooks you from the first verse, and holds you captive even after the last song has been sung.  This cd, is a must have.&quot;
B0000508U6|5.0|What a beautiful album!  This is truly a CD for anyone who is a music lover.  Perfect for driving with the windows down on a warm summer day.  Track 6 &quot;Trouble&quot; is particularly enchanting.  This CD is a must have. The amazing vocals and haunting sounds of piano are a real treat.
B00003CXR1|3.0|This movie may be one of the &quot;cutest&quot; movies to come out of last year. The story revolves around a mother and daughter that move along with the wind, blowing into each city, then leaving as soon as they came. The city this time is a little town in France, and Juliette Binoche and daughter arrive to set up a chocolate store during a time when the city is abstaining from sweets.<br />The story offers some interesting stories, but never seems to carry through with any of them. We see Johnny Depp come into town as a river rat, but he really has no purpose in the film. We see Lena Olin as an abused wife, but for what? Just so Binoche can have a friend? The mayor of the town, Alfred Molina, is out to have the store shut down, with help from Carrie Anne Moss. But no real story comes from them either. Judi Dench is an old woman who connects with her grandson at the store, but did she really deserve a nomination for this?<br />This film was very unjustly nominated for best picture. There were many more films that could have been put up for this honor. Call it the Miramax marketing machine, but the rest of us will call it a rip off for good movies. This film is charming, and makes you feel all warm and fuzzy inside, but when you get down to it, there is really no substance to back the film as a whole.
B00004Z459|5.0|Basically read the headline.  The headline explains the whole cd in one word, which is awesome.  Anyways, people say they are just like Limp Bizkit, but really they aren't.  Linkin Park has they own style, which is rockin the mic.  If you like the mixture between rap-alternative I would get this cd.  This cd will get you hooked to where you won't be able to listen to any other cd for a long time (I know I experienced it for over a month or two).  Go and by this cd, it is well worth your money.  If you are lacking money and are not able to get the cd, I have a solution borrow it from some one or there is always a different way that will get you in trouble.   Anyways get this cd no matter what.
0060278242|5.0|This book was sooo good...A lot of unexpected plot twists, and you learn a lot more about the Charter, plus meet a bunch of new characters. I definitely recommend this book to anyone who loved Sabriel.
B000001DQG|3.0|Well, what can I tell you guys? This album is THE worst from his golden years (Empty Sky til Blue Moves). I don't think Elton John was taking his career seriously at all, and it all sounds so refried with several exceptions. &quot;The Bitch is Back&quot;, &quot;Ticking&quot;, &quot;Don't Let the Sun Go Down on Me&quot; are the only reasons for buying THIS album.  I remember someone telling me &quot;Crocodile Rock&quot; is the silliest song Elton has ever done. They didn't here &quot;Solar Prestige A Gammon&quot;. What is that? I think Elton John was going through a &quot;Let me do an album like the Beatles&quot; stage. I really don't like this one, I had a bad feeling about it from the beginning, and it only goes to show. Doesn't compare to classics like &quot;Goodbye Yellow Brick Road&quot; or &quot;Captain Fantastic&quot;... just doesn't.
B00004YKUY|4.0|I was skeptical when Steve Perry was replaced. Journey hit the lotto jackpot when they found Steve Augeri. I think the mixing was sub par. I believe everyone wanted the spotlight and forgot it was the mix of talent that made Journey what they are. Neal Schon, Jonathan Cain and Ross Valory have proven they are Journey. They would have been successful together with almost any lead vocal with the vocal range of Perry and Augeri. The Album grows on you like any Journey album. I have been a Journey fan for over 20 years. I'm glad Journey is back. This is a must own CD for any Journey fan. My only question is why they rarely tour in Iowa?
B000056ULS|5.0|dido is a wonderful artist. her songs are generaly about love, so keap away if youre not for that type of music. but theyre all great tracks. some of her songs are almost depressing if you have your own love to relate them to, but strictly because theyre so well written and sung.. i dont have this cd so i cant tell yuu about the two supposid dvd videos on here. but ive heard the extra song as well ( the + 1 ), and for that alone the import is worth the extra cost. while i would recommend this over the english release, be sure to have this in your collection import or not. ^^
0684865130|4.0|Of all the books I've read, I've never read one that made me as confused as Catch-22.  I believe it's a great book that shows you just how crazy war can be.  My favorite character was Yossarian because I related closest to him.  It's hard for me to imagine what it would be like to have to fly an armed aircraft over a battle zone and risk my life numerous times.  Yossarian and I are on the same page.  I've been taught that I am the most important person in the world to myself just as you should be the most important person to yourself.  Every decision that I make will always effect my life therefore I am the most important person to me.  Yossarian is much like me because he values his life a lot.  He doesn't understand why he should have to go to war and risk his life for his country, because he could die while in battle and not get to enjoy what he is fighting for.<br />I think Joseph Heller did a wonderful job in letting the readers get a feel for the insanity that war brings to people.  Many of the soldiers started out as sane human beings, but the effect the war had on those men was horrific.  Think of how crazy you would have to be to fly a jet, that you know will get attacked, over a battle zone for 50 or 60 times.  Several men realized how much danger they were in, and they would try to get out of battle by making excuses or faking illnesses.  I think that if I was in their situation, I would've done the same thing.<br />My least favorite character was Colonel Cathcart, because he kept increasing the number of flights that the men had to take.  All the men got their hopes up when they were near the required amount of missions, but Colonel Cathcart would make the amount needed a little higher each time so that the men would have to stay and fight.  Imagine how frustrating and disappointing that would be.  Every time you got close to your goal, it was always set a little higher.  After a while the soldiers started to give up hope, because they realized they would never reach the amount required.<br />Overall this was an interesting read.  I was often confused due to the craziness of the characters, but I believe that that craziness is what made the book so good.  It brought a weird humor to the story and lightened up the atmosphere.
014028009X|1.0|I can't understand what all the hype is over this book. This is probably one of the worse books I've ever had the misfortune to attempt reading. It was so bad, I couldn't even finish it. This character is boring, whiny and sickening that I wanted to smother myself with the nearest pillow to stop from reading this book. The only reason why I gave this book one star is because you can't give less than that. Take my advice - steer clear of this book.
B00003CXE7|5.0|I got the special 2 DVD release. Listening to Hans Zimmer explain how the music developed just adds to the whole movie experience. The film is fantastic, and I would only say that a directors cut including some of the items dropped for time saving would be one step better, although longer, and the film theme track to consume, time and time again. Now I have to go to Rome!
B000002H97|4.0|This album, like the last was very good. Not complex and not that much musical range, but it does have some good songs. There are at least 5 singles on this album. But, the commercial downfall begins on this album. The band, as the years went by, become softer and softer, to the point of making crap like &quot;I Dissapear.&quot; I've seen it all the time. A band gets so famous that they lower their music down in order to gain new fans. And out of new fans, they lose hardcore fans. So, a little warning before you buy.
6305078564|5.0|Pride and Pregeduce is the best movie I've ever seen.  Elizabeth and her five sisters kind hearted father and wild mother all contribute to the story along with Mr.Darcy and the rest.  They picked the best people to play the parts of the strong woman (Elizabeth Benit) and cold at first but in the end is quite nice to be with(Mr.Darcy). Elizabeth is the 2nd of 5 girls in her family and her mother is trying to get them married.  Mr.Darcy is a nice person on the inside but cold on the outside and has feelings for Elizabeth but on the otherhand Elizabeth hates him.  It all works it self out in the end and you'll agree with the ending.  Pride and Pregeduce is the best movie of all time an although it my be hard for some people to understand it is not that hard you'll understand it in the end.
B0000085N4|3.0|I have a few cd's of the cult although thats not what i am really after if anyone knows where i could possibly get the video, I think its called electric love??<br />would be much appreciated<br />tracey
B000002A6O|4.0|Definetly nothing for the rock n roll purist. This is more the bombastic and pompous rock style. I think this is the reason why some people love this album and others hate it. I am splitted. Sometimes I love to listen to great songs like Paradise By The Dashboard Line, Heaven Can Wait and especially parts of the title track, sometimes I regard this stuff as boaring. But even in the moments I love this album, it's not a five star album. A five star album must have not one weak part. And Bat Of Hell may not have weak songs but weak parts in it. For example, I dislike the opening of Bat out Of Hell while the end of the title song is one of the finest moments of rock history in my opinion.
B000002H6C|5.0|If you thought Metallica would reach their peak on the 3rd album, think again. This album is so complex, all the songs range from 5 minutes to almost 10 minutes. Another fast 8 song album. This time, they don't f&amp;*k around. One is the most popular song on this album, filled with 3, yes 3, great solos. To live is to Die is their best instrumental. Who could argue? This is the Metallica everyone loved in the 1980's. But then came the Black album....
B00004SCX6|2.0|I used to love Britney Spears. Her songs are, well, were, wholesome, sweet and lighthearted stuff kids could enjoy without having to fight with their parents everytime they put this on. When &quot;OOps&quot; came out, I was so excited. After I heard the title track, I tried to remain excited, but I was lying to myself. I don't like this CD. Try as I might, Britney Spears will always be nothing more than a product- much like the Pepsi-Cola she's endorsing now to make even more money off of us. (Bob Dole A.K.A. Mr. E.D. at the end is REALLY sickening.)   Her only good song &quot;Lucky&quot; and semi-bearable song &quot;What U See&quot; are not reason enough to waste money on this. (Money that goes to a person who, by the way, won't even sign autographs for her fans.)  After three years of the &quot;pop princess&quot;'s domain, I think it's time for her to abdicate to someone more deserving.
B000002HPV|5.0|Very rarely can an album challenge people's concepts of what music can and should be about.  Sadly, such albums rarely gain much awareness or approval, although the occasional gem like _Bat Out of Hell_ will shine through.  _Homogenic_ clearly had the merits to become such an album; sadly, due to Bj&ouml;rk's image problems, as well as an ill-timed release (just as alternative music was being phased out by pop on MTV and radio), _Homogenic_ was unfortunately by-and-large dismissed by a closed-minded America.<br />Perpetually ahead of her time, Bj&ouml;rk became the first major label artist to suffuse orchestral instruments into modern electronic music, and in her first solo release free of the shackles of producer Nellee Hooper, _Homogenic_ dazzles the ears with a pantheon of tracks brimming with emotion from a turbulent time in Bj&ouml;rk's young life.  Tender songs like \\"Unravel,\\" about the pain of separation from a loved one, and the ethereal \\"All is Full of Love,\\" give way to more ambitious efforts such as \\"J&ograve;ga,\\" a tale of how someone's presence in your life can put everything into place, and \\"Bachelorette,\\" whose lush, soaring sound is as epic as the works of Homer.  Even when the soundscapes border on cacophony (notably \\"5 Years\\" and \\"Pluto\\"), the lyrics (written by Bj&ouml;rk and Sj&ograve;n Sigurdsson) still elevate the songs well above those of her contemporaries.<br />Years after its initial release, _Homogenic_ still sounds ahead of its time.  But with America mired in a collective daze from a long onslaught of sugar-pop music on its senses, the album still remains undiscovered by most.  Perhaps _Homogenic_ can never be the next _Sgt. Pepper_ in popularity, but in quality the album is unmistakably at that level.  It is essential listening for anyone who can see past the vagaries of Iceland's czarina of sound.
B00004XOWN|4.0|I must admit that Limp Bizkit is at it's peak with CD! One of my faves is Rollin' (Air Raid Vehicle) because I love The Undertaker from the WWF and My Way. If your parents are unsure to get this CD tell them to get the edited version. (my mom made me)
B000002H33|5.0|It's stuff like this that kids need to listen to today. It's got everything you need in a metal band. Thrashing riffs, great lyrics, unique bass, and amazing drums. It also improves their music range. (As you can see in the intro to Battery) Cliff's last album, I'm afraid. Such a wonderful bass player. No one can do that intro to &quot;Damage Inc.&quot; I've heard at least 10 versions of the song by diffrent bands. No one has done that bass intro. It's also the first of their long albums. Songs ranging from 5 to 9 minutes. Really a telented group. Why aren't they making stuff like this anymore?
B00004YKUY|5.0|I was very nervous about this album, and I honestly wasn't sure what to expect with change, but wow!  This is a phenominal album; I don't think I've been this excited about an album ever!  Kudos to Schon and the rest of Journey for bringing Journey back and not letting it be gone forever, and to bring it back in such wonderful form!  I didn't think I'd find an album this fanstastic with a new lineup!  This IS Journey, no doubt about it, and they're in top form!<br />There is so much attitude on this album, pound for pound this album could be Journey's best, or at least close to it!  Heck, why not, I'd be willing to call this Journey's best album , I love it that much!<br />This album almost sounds like a greatest hits album compiled of songs I've never heard before!  Every song has me caught from start to finish!
B000005RT8|1.0|The worst of Paul McCartney--not much more to say.  There isn't a memorable song on this whole album-even with the added tracks. Perhaps Paul was trying to be experimental-if so-the experiment created a Frankenstein.  I am a McCartney fan--I have all of his cd's--but this one is bad beyond belief.
B00003CWL6|5.0|I would assume that by now few are unfamiliar with the look at Americana-suburbia.  I watched this movie again over the weekend; this is the 1st time I have seen it since before the 72nd Academy Awards.  Despite having now seen this movie almost a dozen times, I realize that it just gets better with each viewing.  The only unfortunate thing that I can say that is related the movie is that it is unfortunate that Sam Mendes didn't approve DreamWorks to include the original ending on the DVD (showing a court scene).
B00000FCBC|5.0|Mostly cover albums by metal bands are usually garbage, or for something for the hardcore fan. This is for anyone. I was suprised to see covers of Nick Cave, Bob Seger, Blue Oyster Cult, and Thin Lizzy. Way back in the 1980's it was metal, and that's it. Now, we have everything from blues to fusion to country. Rock on Metallica!
B000002A6O|5.0|I finally bought\\"Bat out of Hell\\" last week after waiting 24 years.I loved the music I heard on the rock stations,but not enough to buy the album,but after seeing the VH1 special on Meatloaf,and the Bio afterwards,I had to buy this masterpiece.First of all,Jim Steinman is a Genus,and this album has his guts and soul all over it,and Meat has a fantastic singing voice.This guy can sing anything,from hard rock,to ballads,to opera.The CD starts out with \\"Bat out of hell,\\" were the music takes us into all kinds of directions,then into the well know single,\\"You took the words right out of my Mouth.\\" One of the most beutifull ballads,the next cut,\\"Heaven can wait,\\" is my favorite,with Jim featured on Piano.\\"I always liked,\\"Two out of Three ain't bad.\\" I've felt the very same way so many times,then the masterpiece duet with Ellen Foley,\\"Paradise by the Dashboard light.\\" I love the line,\\"Let me sleep on it,and give you my answer in the morning.\\" That has got to be the funiest,tr!ue lines ever in the history of rock and roll.The CD ends with the great,\\"For Crying out Loud.\\" The beutifull piano,and Meatloafs soft vocals,keeps building to the most dramatic song from the record,with perfect Orchestration arranged by Steve Margoshes.If you are a music collector of the classics,\\"Bat out of hell\\" is a must for your record collection.
B000002HMH|2.0|Ugh, what happened here? The band really shows their creativity, yes, and have complexity, but the riffs...are GONE! WHOOSH! They're extinct! Metallica really have reached their low on this album. Gone are the great riffs, filled with jamming sessions. Not that that's bad. It's just the riffs that make Metallica. But, they do get better with the next album, Reload. I'm glad they aren't making stuff like this anymore.
B00000JCB2|1.0|What is this garbage?  Some junk band trying to call their rediculous, uncreative, overplayed, been done a billion times before, corporate controlled, no style noise, music.  please.  save the twenty bucks (or however much Sam Goody is charging) for taco bell kids.
B000002HRE|3.0|Now we all know that Metallica will never play fast hard riffs anymore. Did any of us back in 1984 think that Metaalica was going to make something like &quot;Fixxxer?&quot; NO! But, times change. So, this is a slight improvement. What really is good on this album is it shows their country and Nick Cave-influence. It's kind of a darker album than the horrid Load, but there is some improvement. (The solos are getting worse, however)
B000059MEK|5.0|This cd is an amazing mix of many music styles all with awesome techno mixing and most with cool lyriks.  Techno fan? Disco fan? Euro-Dance fan? Pop fan? Funk fan? Punk fan?  THIS CD IS FOR YOU
B000002H2H|5.0|Metallica does a lot better on this album then their debut, Kill 'Em All. This album shows their wonderful musical skill. Some of the songs were also written by Dave Mustaine. That classical intro in Fight Fire with Fire is a big calm before the storm. Their solos have improved. Espieciaaly in the harmonies on this album. For Whom The Bell Tolls is an intresting track too. They probably wouldn't play had it not been for Cliff's help. The highlights are Fade To Black (a ballad about suicide: intresting harmonies and solos!) and Creeping Death (WOW!! All i can say is WOW!!). Then, the songs they don't play live are a little dated. Espiecially &quot;Escape.&quot; Then, The Call of Ktulu! WOW! All sorts of good gems on this album. Highly reccomennded.
B000002H6C|3.0|The shortest song on this CD being almost six minutes long, I thought heaven was headin my way upon purchase of this CD. In some aspects it is. To Live Is To Die, last song by Cliff Burton, is a great epic track. Most of the songs here show true musicianship and complexity in the tempo shifts. You cannot deny Metallica's prowess as musicians. <br />Problem with the album then ? Metallica created themselves a bit of a dilema in trying to continue in the Master Of Puppets style direction without the (arguable) driving force of that album - Cliff Burton. Jason Newsted is a talented player, but I don't think he was able to jump in the deep end as it were, and continue where Cliff left. Compared to Ride The Lightening, or even the more commerical Black Album, there's not one really amazing 'kick you in the teeth' riff here. There all good, don't get me wrong, but you'll only appreciate them if you're a true Metallica fan, or are into more complex riffs rather than catchy ones. Harvester Of Sorrow is okay, but it's certainly no Creeping Death. I guess maybe it was never meant to be, this is more a technical album. Even so though, production wise this CD is still sloppy. I'd invest in Cliffs work before getting this CD, as this one is only for the Metallica purist. Good, but compared to previous work - extremely flawed.
B000058T5E|4.0|Great to see Jeff back so soon (2 CDs in two years). His playing is quite mesmerizing, and it's good to see he's still willing to experiment with new styles and electronic devices. Imogen Heap's voice compliments Jeff's guitar quite well, specially on Dirty Mind. The only reason I don't give this CD 5 stars is that it is much too short (37 min.)
0385121679|5.0|Quite simply, by far the best horror book I ever read, bar none. From the slow, methodical, foreshadowing beginning, through the increasingly scary and insightful median, and right up to the intense, explosive ending, this book creeps like no other. Characterization is excellent, and the pace is good, considering what it has to build up to. If you saw the Kubrick-slaughtered movie, you MUST read this, for it will give you ten times the insight. King's best work by far.
B00004SYWZ|5.0|Its been along time in between albums for A-ha, but this has been more than worth the wait. I felt the last couple of albums, although great in places, never really delivered complete satisfaction. This one.... definately does. From start to finish each song is crafted wonderfully, with great combinations af electronica, and accoustic elements, they've truley captured a new unique sound for themeselves. The song wirting is memorable, and quite melodic. There best accomplishment to date !<br />Highlights include &quot;Minor Earth, Major Sky&quot;, &quot;Summer Moved On&quot;,  &quot;I Wish I Cared&quot;, and &quot;Mary Ellen, Makes The Momment Count&quot;. But honestly every track on this CD has something great going for it. Its consistant from start to finish. Worth a listen to, I promise you'll be humming tunes for weeks afterwards.
0380788624|5.0|Receiving this book as a birthday present I was, due to past experiences, somewhat wary. This book however, makes up for so many door jambs. Neal Stephenson is a story teller in the true sense. He has the ability to apparently veer off into a side show and then tie it essentially to the main thread, his characters are very real and different and importantly, believable. The book contains a number of fascinating insights into WWII, power, people,  and of course, cryptography. Cryptonomicon is vast in both scope and detail but manages to remain a thrilling and intriguing read. I believe that this book is approachable by a vast number of people who would normally breeze past the `nerd' section - stretch yourself a little - try it.
6305807086|5.0|This is the movie to restore your faith in all that is modern American cinema.  In a time when so many movies are either remakes of stories we've heard time and time again, or they just feel that way, this movie is a breath of fresh air.  From Malcovich's great scenes essentially playing himself (proving what a good sport he can be) to the visually stunning puppetry sequences, it is clear that this has never been done before.  And then there's the strange unexpected twists and turns that, if handled by an incompetant director, might have made the viewer's head spin in a desperate attempt toward comprehension... yet here just serve to provide a lovely aura of unpredictability that will keep one guessing.  Clearly, a stellar movie, and one for the home library if at all possible, because you'll want to view it again.
0141301104|4.0|This is the third Roald Dahl book I have read. The first was  called  Matilda, and I think it is his most famous. I have also read George's  Marvelous  Medicine. The Witches is a funny book and has wonderful drawings. <br />The witches in this book wore wigs and pointed shoes to hide their bald heads and square feet with no toes! The witches in this book had eyes that changed colours, and were mean and mischivious. The witches in this book where cruel to children and turned them into mice. They live in a castle in Norway. The other characters in this story are a grandmother, her 7-year-old grandson, and the grandson's friend, Bruno. The witches were having a meeting in the hotel where the others where staying. The witches turned the children into mice, but in the end the children get even. <br />I really enjoyed this book. Roald Dahl is a wonderful children's writer.  I would recommend all his books!
078322933X|5.0|I love 'Fear' because of the incredibly talented, and beautiful cast. The soundtrack is wonderful and really effective. It is produced by Imagine Entertainment, responsible for other hits such as: The Nutty Professor 1 and 2, Liar, Liar, Bowfinger, The Chamber, Murcury Rising, Apollo 13, and many others. Talented Actor/Producer/Director Ron Howard and Brian Grazer /Producer, are chairmen for Imagine Entertainment.<br />It is a teenage thriller Brian Grazer has called &quot;Fatal Attraction for teens.&quot;<br />I found it had some surprises, and the story went in different directions that are different from other teenage assosiated films I've seen.<br />A good depiction of teenage relationships.<br />Don't get scared now.
B000059MEK|5.0|This album really surprised me. While the powerful dance tracks in &quot;Homework&quot; (1997) were reminiscent of some of the best dance music from the late seventies, &quot;Discovery&quot; offers us a mesh of some of the most popular and uplifting synth-pop and electro-funk from the early eighties.<br />Each track in this album brings childhood memories. It works as a sound compilation of great top-forty dance hits from twenty years ago, but yet not sounding like one single band in particular. <br />&quot;Digital Love&quot; is the song that The Buggles never made, but you can hear hints of Supertramp in it. &quot;Aerodynamic&quot; uses a great deal of good humor to bring some of the headbanging metal of the time, Van Halen style, mixed with some Kraftwerk, and &quot;Superfreak&quot;-styled funk.<br />Plenty of images and sounds of the early 80s come to mind when listening to the album (Donna Summer, Styx, Jan Hammer, Herbie Hancock, Paul Hardcastle, etc). A great treat for those of us that grew up listening to that stuff.<br />As someone else said about this album, it's a great challenge trying to be in a bad mood after listening to &quot;Discovery&quot;.
B00004Z400|5.0|Man, this record is amazing. There is nothing out there today that sounds nearly as complex. Most songs are carefully crafted and , unlike songs by bands like Godsmack and 3 Doors Down ,not at all straight forward. This is definitely not background noise - you have to listen to this record carefully. Yes, like other bands out there today they are influenced by the hard rock giants like Metallica , Alice in Chains, and Nirvana, but this influence is not at all apparent. This record represents the evolution of hard rock. While Alice is brilliant and direct with their songs, thereby making them much more radio friendly, this album, (With absolutely stunning songs like Pink Maggit), represents the next step.
B00005AFVR|3.0|Just not what I was hoping to see from Bruce this time around.  The last &quot;Live&quot; was nothing more than compiled live music and I was sure that this time he would do what he could to capture the flow and energy only he seems to give you in a concert.  It didn't deliver.  Is it worth owning?  Absolutely.  I guess I was expecting too much and until we get a CD that is a SINGLE concert from beginning to end, I will remain disappointed.
0440180295|5.0|Very well done and I really enjoyed it! Picked it up as a book report for schooling and read it through, enjoying it all the way through! Well written!
B00003CWTH|2.0|Does this movie remind anyone else of Robert Altman's Short Cuts?  If not, watch it and you'll immediately notice several paralells that seem more than a little suspicious.  (For example, Short Cuts is ALSO an extremely LONG film about a large group of disparate, unhappy people who live in California and who all end up connecting somehow, one of whom spends the majority of the movie dying in a hospital bed, and another whom winds up finding his &quot;long lost&quot; father, starring Julianne Moore, and featuring a great natural disaster at the end.)
B000002G60|5.0|Contrary to sceptical reviews you may have read by big-named magazines such as Rolling Stone, I have been a fan of Vega's since the beginning and I have to say this is her best album yet.  It is more polished and equally well written as her debut album.  Musically more interesting, mature, and experimental without the disjointedness of her prior album 99 degrees.  Better because it doesn't take itself too seriously.  It truly showcases her talent as bigger than a raspy-voiced-acoustic-folk-socially-conscious poet/performer and more versatile than alternative pop.  Sorry, diehard early Vega fans, this one is my favorite!
6305265488|5.0|I watched Ever After and spent the evening on a high. I laughed at parts and cried at others but no scene was more powerful than when Barrymore went to the ball and had her wings pulled off by her Wicked Step-mother. Although some of it was heart wrenching it reinforced my belief that there is actually love out there for everyone. It was a film that literally leapt off the screen and into my Heart!
B00004SCX6|4.0|After you cut through all the c**p, and try to look at this CD as what it is supposed to be - a piece of music that is supposed to cash in on America's taste for catchy tunes sung by an attractive 18-year old - you realize it's actually pretty good.<br />Let's face it - Britney isn't the best vocal talent of these days.  Her strength lies in the people who write her songs.  Although my 17-year old sister could sing those songs just as well, or maybe even better, Britney is an entertainer that can put on a good show for all to enjoy.<br />I mostly bought this CD to spite my friend who hates everything Britney, and because I think &quot;Oops! I Did it Again&quot; is the best sugar sweet pop song ever written.  As it turned out it has some other nice songs as well.  Strangely enough the songs are either excellent, or total junk.  &quot;Oops! I Did it Again,&quot; &quot;Stronger,&quot; &quot;Satisfaction,&quot; &quot;What U See (Is What U Get)&quot; and &quot;Can't Make You Love Me&quot; are the best.  The remeining songs I always skip, except &quot;Lucky&quot; and &quot;Don't Go Knockin On My Door&quot; which place themselves somewhere in the middle.  <br />To sum it up - yes, Britney has no talent, but it's not as bad as everyone says, and it doesn't prevent the songs to deliver some good pop sounds when I get a little tired of all that &quot;meaningful&quot; music.
B000002H97|5.0|The album that put Metallica into their surrent position: the Black album.  Catchy riffs and killer solos make for an album chock full of potential appeal to the mainstream.  Best songs on the CD are Sandman, Sad, Unforgiven, Never, Matters, Misery, and Struggle.  Enter Sandman is clearly the most commercially popular Metallica song to ever be written, and it's too bad it was so popular.  While being a good song, it took up time in concert setlist which could have been filled by Blackened.  Anyhow, killer riffs and killer vocals (I think James' best vocals ever are on this version of Nothing Else Matters) make for an album that every hard rocker should own, and that every Metallica fan has.  Great listen for any mood you're in.
B000059T5O|5.0|If you mixed the best of the Beat writers with the best of the modern Blues singers, this album is what you'd get. John Hammond interprets Waits Beat lyrics as only he can, adding a bluesy beauty to the album's surreal story lines, and in the process, takes the work of both artists to new heights. All Twelve cuts are tight and each is an experience unto itself. It's more then just Beat and it's more then Blues, It's simply the best.   I caught John's Wicked Grin concert at the Berchmere, in Alexandria April 7th and asked him what he called this new style. He laughed, but when pressed answered &quot;Beat-Blues&quot; with a Wicked Grin.   This album is sure to take a Grammy and If you are a fan of John Hammond, Tom Waits or just someone who loves really good music this Album is a must.
B000002HRE|3.0|This album right here is by far Metallica's least recieved CD.  The best song on here is Fuel, bar none.  It mixes old Metallica with new in the best way possible.  The other good songs are Devil, Lyric, and Charming for humor.  That's IT.  Unforgiven II is lyrically very good, and musically countryesque.  Therefore, it's not for me.  This is another album of the guys messing around with the pedals and other stuff to try and make a good sound.  This was Metallica's last real album to this point, until the new album comes out late this year or early next year.  Hopefully, as Lars and James say, the new one will once again be different: Heavier and edgier.  I hope so.  Anyhow, any Metallica fan already knows to have all of Met's albums, so they all have this one already.  But for people who have bought S&amp;M and want to get into the band, I recommend the black album to start with more than this one.
B000002MG1|5.0|AFTP is easily one of the best CDs of the `90s.<br />\\"Drive\\" sets the tone for the album. It sounds much like a funeral march.  From the first five notes, it's direction is clear:  dark, moody, and foreboding ... you know the this is no ordinary CD  ... there are no \\"shining happy people\\" here ...<br />AFTP begins by tackling the decision to live or die.  \\"Try Not to Breathe\\" is about deciding to die.  It presents the thoughts of an old man who has lived a full life and has decided that he is ready to go.  He muses what the world will be like without him and how he'll be remembered when he's gone.<br />\\"Everybody Hurts\\" is about deciding to live.  The case is made that hurting is a necessary and temporary part of life ... it's not a reason to give up.  Nor do we hurt alone.  The lyrics and melody are nakedly simple and direct.<br />\\"Sweetness Follows\\" is about the healing and perspective that the death of a loved one can sometimes bring.  The image is of the death of a loved one who was made more distant by a preoccupation with the banal, everyday concerns of life.  Their death is a wake up call to forget the little things and recognize the power of the relationships with those we love.<br />&quot;Man on the Moon&quot; is probably the best known of the songs on AFTP.  It wonders aloud ... what is it like in heaven?  The human beings of the ages (Moses, Newton, and Darwin) are used to evoke a sense of an infinite hereafter.  One wonders, what does someone like Andy Kaufman do in heaven amidst the likes of Moses?  Well, Andy Kaufman is there, still \\"goofing on\\" Elvis, still wrestling, and still having breakfast with Mr. Blassie.  Maybe it's not such a serious place after all.<br />&quot;Nightswimming&quot; is a bullet through the heart.  I've heard it described as a song about nostalgia, but I think it's much more than that.  It's a regretful look at a path not taken viewed from the wisdom obtained from the passage of time.  The image is of someone driving alone at night wistfully looking at the image on a precious old photograph sitting on the dashboard.  Swimming at night is a metaphor for the memory of a moment at the crossroads, facing a choice that involved playing it safe, or taking a personal, reckless risk of exposure.<br />The picture, like the memory it represents, is turned away ... as if it's painful to see  But just like the picture on the windshield, turned around for all to see, the memory is worn like a badge:<br />\\"The photograph on the dashboard, taken years ago, turned around backwards so the windshield shows.\\"<br />The haunting image comes and goes with each passing streetlight.  Although the image is seen backwards, the hindsight made possible by the passing of time reveals a significance of the moment that was not fully understood at time:<br />\\"Every streetlight reveals the picture in reverse.  Still, it's so much clearer.\\"<br />With the passage of time, the fears (and the vitality that go with them) are gone and replaced by the tedium of everyday life ...<br />\\"These things they go away, replaced by every day\\"<br />... but the longing remains, and now with profound regret.  He's left with a bittersweet memory of what was and the fantasy of what might have been:<br />\\"Nightswimming, remembering that night. September's coming soon. I'm pining for the moon. And what if there were two; side by side in orbit around the fairest sun? That bright, tight forever drum could not describe nightswimming.\\"<br />\\"The photograph reflects, every streetlight a reminder. Nightswimming deserves a quiet night.\\"<br />All of these achingly personal lyrics are accompanied with the stark loneliness of Stipe's voice and a wonderfully sad but sweet piano melody.  \\"Nightswimming\\" is the brightest star in an album full of celestial wonders.<br />Nightswimming is a tough act to follow, but \\"Find the River\\" pulls that off nicely.  It uses a flowing river as a metaphor for the passing of life.  The image is one of a solitary soul floating down a river watching his life pass before his eyes, throwing aromatic fruit and spices as if he was sowing seeds.  The river flows toward its inexorable but natural end at the ocean, just as life flows toward inevitable death.<br />\\"The river to the ocean goes, a fortune for the undertow. None of this is going my way. There is nothing left to throw of Ginger, lemon, indigo, coriander stem and rose of hay. Strength and courage overrides the privileged and weary eyes of river poet search naivete. Pick up here and chase the ride. The river empties to the tide. All of this is coming your way.\\"<br />The repeated use of the phrase \\"nothing is going my way\\" is a reminder that the journey of life, especially at the end, is one that everyone takes alone.<br />A final brilliant aspect of \\"Find the River\\" is the way that it ends.  Unexpectedly ... almost suddenly ... with a lot of loose ends untied.  Just like life.<br />If you're looking for happy melodies and easy to digest lyrics, look elsewhere ... AFTP is not for you.  But if you're looking for a companion on a guided tour of your soul, this is it.  There are good reasons why so many people think AFTP is one of the best CDs of the 90s.  It is.ting down a river watching his life pass before his eyes, throwing aromatic fruit and spices as if he was sowing seeds.  The river flows toward its inexorable but natural end at the ocean, just as life flows toward inevitable death.  <br />\\"The river to the ocean goes, a fortune for the undertow. None of this is going my way. There is nothing left to throw of Ginger, lemon, indigo, coriander stem and rose of hay. Strength and courage overrides the privileged and weary eyes of river poet search naivete. Pick up here and chase the ride. The river empties to the tide. All of this is coming your way.\\"<br />The repeated use of the phrase \\"nothing is going my way\\" is a reminder that the journey of life, especially at the end, is one that everyone takes alone.  <br />A final brilliant aspect of \\"Find the River\\" is the way that it ends.  Unexpectedly ... almost suddenly ... with a lot of loose ends untied.  Just like life.<br />If you're looking for happy melodies and easy to digest lyrics, look elsewhere ... AFTP is not for you.  But if you're looking for a companion on a guided tour of your soul, this is it.  There are good reasons why so many people think AFTP is one of the best CDs of the 90s.  It is.
B000002HMH|3.0|Ya know what, I'll admit that this album is nowhere close to the Horsemen's first five.  There are a grand total of....5 or 6 good songs on this CD: (Bitch maybe), King, Hero, Bleed, Mama, and Outlaw.  People wonder why bands like Megadeth still play thrash music with no meaning, and Metallica turned into heavy alternative rock.  I believe it's because Metallica is a band that is no slave to routine.  If a band puts out one thrash album after another, the music eventually all sounds the same.  But a variety of records are like periods in a painter's life.  Metallica had their young and angry period, Kill-Puppets, their political period, Justice, and then their bluesy period, Black-Reload.  I respect the horsemen for not staying in the thrash era, because otherwise I think they wouldn't be as popular.  Although I personally think this album is not good, it just doesn't appeal to me.
B00003CWL6|5.0|Souls are bared and individual vulnerability is exposed in this film in which the dysfunctional family becomes the norm, and a man at last confronts the fact that his life is simply not as it should be, and determines to do something about it.  \\"American Beauty,\\" directed by Sam Mendes and starring Kevin Spacey and Annette Bening, rips the facade from a typical American family to reveal a not-so-typical family after all.  Or are they?  For who among us, living in this finely woven tapestry that is modern American life, can really define \\"typical?\\"  Or for that matter, \\"normal?\\"  In what is to be the final year of his life (though he doesn't know it), Lester Burnham (Spacey) finally acknowledges to himself that he is in a loveless marriage, has a dead end job, and has for some time (too long) been a mere observer, rather than a participant, in his own life.  His wife, Carolyn (Bening), a fledgling real estate broker, disdains him, and his teenaged daughter, Jane (Thora Birch), accords him nothing but disrespect.  He has a new neighbor, Colonel Frank Fitts (Chris Cooper), a U.S. Marine who is the virtual embodiment of the \\"Corps,\\" with a wife, Barbara (Allison Janney), he has disciplined into a trance-like state of existence, and a teenaged son, Ricky (Wes Bentley), who sees beauty in the least likely of places.<br /> It's a stylized, thought provoking film in which Mendes lowers the mask and raises a mirror to reflect the true nature of a society too often willing to cast the first stone while refusing to first seek out the detritus in it's own eye.  Devoid of stereotypes, the characters herein represent a realistic and concise cross-section of individuals who form, not only the periphery, but the core of that very same society.  And though personal experience and frame of reference will go far in determining how accepting a viewer may be of this picture of urban misalignment Mendes presents, there is no denying the reality of the attitudes and situations representedhere.  To deny this depiction as accurate would merely be a turning away from the truth.<br /> Once again demonstrating that he is one of the finest actors around, Kevin Spacey deservedly won the Best Actor Oscar for his portrayal of Lester.  It's a finely tuned expression of a middle-aged man, not just in crisis, but lost in soul wrenching turmoil.  Many may find it difficult to sympathize to any great extent with Spacey's Lester, but regardless, they (as well as those who are able to sympathize with him) will at least be able to identify with him.  For in Lester we find all of the variances and complexities that make up this journey we call life.  And Spacey captures it all, from Lester's apathy and ambiguity, to the emotional peaks and valleys of his epiphany, with a truly memorable performance.<br /> Annette Bening, also, turns in one of her best performances, for which she was nominated for Best Actress.  She shines as Carolyn, a woman repressed and frustrated who hides her discontent with hyperactivity and denial, and puts on a mask of pretentiousness that is so animated at times that it's nerve-wracking to watch.  But it's a great piece of acting, through which she certainly brings her character to life.<br /> Giving a performance that demands mention, as well, is Wes Bentley, who achieves an introspective depth with his character that establishes what a tremendous ability he has as an actor.  This is one young man from whom we can expect great things in the future.<br /> The supporting cast includes Peter Gallagher (Buddy Kane), Mena Suvari (Angela), Scott Bakula (Jim), Sam Robards (\\"JB\\"), Barry Del Sherman (Brad) and Erin Cathryn Strubbe (Young Jane).  A cutting-edge character study, \\"American Beauty\\" is a probing and revealing contemporary fable that is uncompromisingly honest; probably too honest for some.  It's a film that refuses to allow the viewer to take an \\"ignorance is bliss\\" stance, and instead insists on a truth that lays waste to hypocrisy andself-righteousness.  For when you're forced to stare into a mirror, there is only one image you're going to see staring back; and whether or not you like what you see is going to be entirely up to you.  And therein lies the real impact of this film.
B000002H2H|5.0|Goddamn, what great songs.  The best songs are definitely Bellz, Fade, Creep, and Ktulu.  The rest are very listenable and have either great music or great lyrics.  Fade to Black has got to be arguably Metallica's best ballad, especially the studio version.  The acoustic intro just adds to the sadness in the song, and the refrain riff is great, with al exploding ending.  it deserved to get the S&amp;M treatment.  Anyhow, Bellz is a hard rock classic, as well as Creeping Death.  Ktulu is one of Metallica's best songs they ever wrote or have written, and definitely the best song that Mustaine helped write.  Escape has horrible music and great lyrics.  Fight Fire is your average thrasher, Lightning is pretty good, and Trapped Under Ice is below average.  Creeping Death is a concert favorite and great song.  This is a great album and a must buy.
0789302691|5.0|Mercer and Peterson have collaborated with the band to offer a glimpse into the on and off-stage lives of Stone, Jeff, Ed, Mike, and (insert drummers' names here). The photographs alternate between B&amp;W and color and integrate a variety of vantage points, camera angles, and photography techniques, not to mention an intruiging array of subjects, including drummer Jack Iron's son, Vedder's wife Beth Leibling, and many captures of fans. It is a lovely addition to the library of any Jammer.
B00005A1PR|5.0|I feel so blessed that you have shared your vocal, instrumental and lyrical skills with the world.  You are truly a rare talent whose star is sure to shine bright for many, many years to come.  <br />This is the type of music I have been waiting and longing for.  It is meaningful and soulful.  <br />If you don't already have this CD, you are depriving yourself of a disc that deserves heavy rotation in the disc player.
B00003CXMG|5.0|Cameron Crowe's latest offer, Almost Famous-as well as his previous works Jerry Maguire, Singles, and Say Anything-has been the story of love. A semi-autobiographical film about a young journalist, William (Fugit), bluffs his way to Rolling Stone for a writing assignment to go on tour with the up-and-coming band Stillwater. During William's assignment/adventure with the band, he builds a strong friendship with the group's guitarist Russell (Crudup), falls in love with a groupie Penny Lane (Hudson), and receives numerous embarrassing phone calls from his over-protective mother (Dormand). The film revolves around William, with well-written dialogues by Crowe, attached with emotional, dramatic, realistic and humorous subplots. After watching this film, you'll not wonder why Crowe loves to love writing about love.
B000002JSP|1.0|I've both some bad cd's in my time: reservoir dogs soundtrack(a rip off),presence by led zep,topographic oceans by Yes,the steve Howe album (beware of this one),eskimo by the residents, and this little stinker. What the sugar happened to led zep? Well, they ran out of ideas, they over indulged in drugs/drink whatever. Just look at their solo careers. What solo careers? Exactly. You see most of their (good) stuff is derived from other people's music, blues and folk, so there was a limit to how much quality music they could produce, they hadn't got enough talent/imagination to break free and make good 'different' kind of music. So you get this mess of an album, it's all synths but they are not used very effectively. I am fond of careslambra in a cheesy way, that's it. Jimmy Page is a guitar God,not on this album though. Thank you.
0140386335|4.0|This was the first every fantasy book I read and I loved it. Much more than i did the movies. It allows the readers' imagination to build their own Fantasia ( that's what the neverending story is all about anyway)and places them in the shoes of Bastian. I didn't watch the movie until I was 14 and I only read the book three years later. I bet the original (German) version of it would be much nicer (but i can't read German). I'm reading it again, definitely. I just got myself a copy ( after searching high and low for it ) eventhough the book cost a bomb.
B00005AFVR|5.0|If you're a already a fan, you're going to buy this CD. Not only does it include never before recorded songs, but a live version of Jungleland, too. So quit reading and order it already!<br />If you're not a fan, this is still a worthwhile buy. Bruce Springsteen &amp; The E Street Band are famous for their amazing live shows. This double CD does a terrific job of caputuring why. It may not grab you right away, but by the end of the first CD you'll be hooked. And by the end of the second CD you'll understand why Springsteen is The Boss and why rock and roll matters.<br />In many ways, &quot;Live in New York City&quot; is far more accessible than &quot;Live 1975-1985,&quot; Springsteen's three-CD compilation of live performances recorded over a decade. By presenting what is, in essence a single, live performance, &quot;Live in New York City&quot; delivers an experience much more true to what it's like being in the audience.<br />This is the kind of CD that is great listening to on an open road with all the windows open and the music cranked up loud. It'll trasport you. Have a great ride!
B000002UA0|4.0|This is the best Pink Floyd album before Dark Side of the Moon.  The album is laced with the &quot;mad genius&quot; of Syd Barrett, the founder of Pink Floyd.  Barrett was the guitarist, vocalist, and creative influence of the band; although he was a part of the band for a short time, and only recorded one album and a couple of singles as the leader of the Floyd, his prescence, influence, and mental decline would shape the band throughout its existance.   The album is full of fun and musically original songs - &quot;Astronomy Domine&quot; is a classic, an excellent song.  &quot;Interstellar Overdrive&quot; is one of my favorite Floyd songs ever; it is the most psychidellic song I have ever heard, yet a great jam and very original.  &quot;Matilda Mother&quot; is a very good song, but all of the songs on the CD are enjoyable, and probably the only dud on the whole disc is &quot;Pow R. Toc H.&quot; Syd Barrett's vocals and guitar work are great; who knows what would have happened with the Floyd if he hadn't lost his mind.  This CD is a must have for any Floyd or music fan,
B00005214X|5.0|Having reviewed the original CD release in these &quot;pages&quot; three years ago, I'm now delighted to be able to comment on this long-awaited reissue.  Some may carp that the bonus tracks appear at the end of disc 1 (and there aren't more of them, despite Harrison's own admission in the liner notes that he cut some &quot;Layla&quot;-tracks with Clapton during these sessions) and, true, the packaging is a bit annoying since the discs don't come easily out of their sleeves.<br />But let's cut to the chase - this is a splendid remastering of a truly great set of songs.  &quot;Wah Wah&quot;, which in the original CD issue almost degenerated into aural mush, is here clarified so well that the layers of sounds complement rather than defeat each other. &quot;What Is Life&quot; has been given greater depth and its surging up-tempo chorus is even more thrilling while softer tunes like &quot;Beware of Darkness&quot; and &quot;Isn't It Pity&quot; and the title track become almost all-compassing cathedrals of sound.  Even the one truly new track - &quot;I Live for You&quot; - is a joyful addition; slight - maybe - but certainly not out of place. (The bonus tracks, I admit, are a bit disappointing - I've never really seen the sense in releasing the background instrumental tracks of songs like &quot;What Is Life&quot; and George's 2000 rendition of &quot;My Sweet Lord&quot; doesn't even come close to the passion of the original).<br />These flaws really don't detract from the sheer joy, however, of listening to this album - sharper, more defined, and more enthralling than ever before.
B000056NX4|2.0|I was disappointed.  Admittedly, I am *quite* attached to the original soundtrack with Ted Neely and Carl Anderson.  However, I have seen several modern stage adaptations of JCS and wholeheartedly enjoyed each one.  This is the first version I did not like.  I felt that &quot;Judas&quot; lost a lot of his complexity of character to anger and sneering.  Indeed I thought anger throughout the piece was overstated, drowning a lot of the subltelties and depths of the relationships portrayed.   To me, &quot;Jesus&quot; lacked strength and credibility.  While it could have been nice to see a little more reactivity than Ted Neely showed under Jewison's direction, Carter was too transparent and sacrificed charisma and leadership.  I doubted that his personality could mobilize such a following as Jesus' actually did.   Jesus, I believe, had his weaknesses, but Carter's Jesus had little else.   Other reviewers mention being moved to tears, but my viewing of this video marked the first time I've watched the musical dry-eyed!<br />Further, I did not find that the mood and costumes reflected our millenial times; they seemed to me already passe and evoked something of Michael Jackson's Beat It / Thriller era.<br />On the positive side, I did enjoy &quot;Mary Magdalene&quot; and thought &quot;Simon&quot; gave a wonderful show.
6305657939|5.0|Truly, in my opinion, the best movie I have seen in a long time.<br />Pierce Brosnan's charm and flirtatious nature adds much character and vitality to the film.  New variations, such as the New York bustling scene, the ritzy dinner dance party, and the romantic rendevous at Brosnan's private estate gives the movie an enchanting modern flair.<br />Rene Russo does an an excellent job of teasing the poor Brosnan, making an attempt to play hard-to-get, while in actuality, it is her character that is the mouse and cunning Pierce is the cat.  <br />This is a great movie to watch with a close friend who can scream and delight in the plot with you!--KB
B000056VIY|1.0|I was sooooooo dissapointed with this CD.  Don't get me wrong, I am a J-Lo fan and I thought the first CD was great but I couldn't dance to this.  The music sounded more like house music. I just wasn't feeling what she was trying to do and the fact that she can't sing didn't help matters either.  I'll be more cautious about buying her next CD.
B00003CXN3|4.0|I saw this film in a theater in a Latin American country, in &quot;reverse&quot; from audiences in the States i.e. all the Mexico scenes without subtitles and the U.S. scenes subtitled in Spanish.  I was mesmerized by Benicio, who with his Latin/Slavic features (fabulous lips/eyebrows &amp; eyes) did his best to mask his pretty Caribbean accent in Spanish.<br />Maybe I've lived in a Latin American country too long now, but, I felt afterwards that there was an overriding accusatory tone toward Latin American countries, that after all, really are just the &quot;messengers&quot; in the war on hard drugs. (Remember the old saying, Don't kill me, I'm just the messenger&quot;?)  The real problem is the consumption of/demand for cocaine in so-called &quot;Developed Countries&quot; (yeah, &quot;Developed&quot;, as in a developed taste for drugs.)  Why do so many people in the United States feel the need to self-medicate with hard drugs?  This is the bigger question, and out of the scope of the movie.<br />I felt extreme &quot;My Eyes Glaze Over&quot; boredom with practically all of the M. Douglas scenes, where &quot;suits&quot; speak Governmentese to address The Problem.  The drugged-out teenager group-scenes were similarly boring, pierced-navel gazing scenes, but the &quot;jumping&quot; camera worked here--like how one feels when one is buzzed and only catching snippets of surrounding conversations.  As far as the Zeta-Jones storyline, why couldn't we have seen her being the Boss of the Stateside Op for a while?  Now that would have made her character more interesting.<br />I loved Benicio's Zacatecas-looking character.  I didn't like the final scene with him though, the baseball scene.  I felt Soderbergh was saying;  &quot;Look, these Mexicans have stolen the youth and innocence of our young, white adolescents with their drugs, AND NOW THEY'RE STEALING OUR NATIONAL PASTIME!&quot;  The only thing missing was a final shot of a burned apple pie sitting on the ballpark burrito vender's cart.
0440234743|4.0|I gave up on Grisham after attempting to read the Chamber.  Boy am I glad I gave him another try.  This book was excellent...I couldn't put it down.
0141301139|5.0|I have been reading this book since I could read, and now 14 I'm still never tired of the great tale the Roald Dahl tells. The witty Mr. Fox and all his friends make such a great story no matter if your just learning to read or have been reading for years. I loved it and would recommend not only Fantastic Mr. Fox but all his other books, The BFG, James and the Giant Peach, Matilda, you name it(if it was written by Roald Dahl) I will have read it and I would reccomend it!!!
B00004T8RK|5.0|Binural is hands down among PJ's best albums, certainly ranks right along side Ten and Vitalogy. The first three songs kick the album off hard - Evacuation is terrific. They've got some good lighter stuff with Nothing As It Seems and Thin Air, Rival is pretty heavy, and Soon Forget is wonderful. In the long tradition of perfect songs to close an album, Parting Ways moves your soul. These guys continue to amaze me.
0446677450|4.0|While I may not agree with everything Kiyosaki presents, there are some very sound principles to be found; for example<br />Getting rid of negativity &amp; You attract what you think &amp; speak.<br />While it may be easier to read Dale Carnegie, Zig Ziglar and others, this book and the others in the series are very good tools to help even teach your kids to speak positive and think positive. <br />The radio and tv are full of NEGATIVITY limit their impact on you and your family. That seems like common sense but instead how many hours are wasted by their influence ... too many!!<br />If you stop and think about, when was the last time you sabotaged your own success by negative thinking ? How many people do you know that always drain you with their negative stories ? How many people do you know that just tolerate their existence and don't do anything to improve their lifestyle ?<br />Again, I'll agree there are many better writers than Kiyosaki, but this is really good stuff if you'll<br />force yourself to concentrate and stay teachable
B000002LGQ|5.0|I could talk endlessly about this album. But many true music fans know of this album or at least have heard one song from it. It is an album that has stood the test of time, thanks to the strong personal lyrics and the work of producer Patrick Leonard, who's strength is definitely tasty melodies. It ranges from the angelic and dare I say orgasmic &quot;Like a Prayer&quot;, to the strong and funky &quot;Express Yourself&quot;, to what many, including me think is her best song ever: &quot;Oh Father&quot;. It's one of those songs that sends shivers down your spine when you hear it.<br />This is also an album that shows how talented Madonna is as a songwriter. <br />Definitely worth having in your library.
0800187814|4.0|I bought this movie not to long ago and think it is excellent. Great performances by Woody Harrelson, Courtney Love, and Edward Norton. A must see for supporters of our first amendment rights and open minded people. Peoply need to open their minds and quit seeing Larry Flynt the man and see Larry Flynt crusader for first amendment rights.
B000002WU9|5.0|Well, 59 reviews, an average of 5 stars, dogg that says everything.  This albulm deserves everything that the reviews have said.  Raekwon and ghostface are tight thru the whole ablum, The RZA produced it wickedly, wit phat beats through out, and the guests, most noticeably method man and nas, are amazing.  The whole album is brilliant, up ther along side tical 2000.  It produced a couple of classics such as verbal intercourse, criminology and wu-gambinos.  It is thugish and stunning.  My advice, BUY IT
0385335482|4.0|Lightweight and funny. I really enjoyed reading Confessions of a Shopaholic. I saw a reflection of myself, my former self, on every page. I have tried all of the schemes: freezing my credit cards, taking my checkbook out of my wallet, only carrying $5 on my person, etc. Nothing worked! Well...I now I have a new compulsion. Ugh. I actually prefer shopping, though!!! So, if you have ever taken a long lunch and have come back with four or more bags from three or more stores, or if you are on a first name basis with all of the saleswomen, or have ever had to talk yourself through an anxiety attack because you are being told &quot;No, I'm sorry we don't have that color in your size,&quot; or if you have taken it up a notch by giving a particular saleslady your work number so that she can telephone you when THAT item arrives in the store, then this book is for you. Read it. Enjoy it. Laugh a while, and see yourself for the true Drama Queen and Diva that you know you are.
B00002MZ4V|5.0|Though I love other movie composers like Hans Zimmer and James Horner, I think the true master of movie scoring is John Williams. With the first two composers mentioned, it is easy to identify their work. On one hand, this is good because they have developed their own unique styles, but on the other, it can be somewhat monotonous. If you don't know what I mean, listen to the soundtracks for the Rock and follow it with Crimson Tide. The two are practically identical at times, as are Horner's Titanic and Mask of Zorro. However, John Williams doesn't ever seem to fall into that trap. The only thing that remains the same from score to score for him is soaring melodic lines, beautiful harmonies, and pure magic wrapped up within the orchestra. I am a student of classical music performance, and Williams is in my opinion, a true master of composition. If you don't own anything else written by John Williams, you should buy this CD set and see for yourself the incredible scope of his musical imagination.
B00005AFVR|5.0|Okay, so &quot;Born to Run&quot; is not listed on the track list, the &quot;bonus&quot; tracks are stuck at the end, and the sequence is odd at best. So what. This album rocks like only Bruce Springsteen &amp; The E Street Band can rock. There is nothing better than sitting back, turning up the volume REAL loud and listening to what rock &amp; roll is supposed to be. The sheer pleasure the band gets from performing together is evident throughout. And if there was ever any doubt about Bruce as a songwriter, American Skin (41 shots) should settle that forever.<br />Anyone still hung up on the sequencing, use your CD player to program the order any way you want. Or copy and reburn to your heart's content.<br />Bottom line, this is great music made by the greatest performance band I have ever seen. Lay down your money and enjoy!
0440211727|5.0|This is a powerful and classic book from John Grisham.  It touches the same cords with the same force that To Kill a Mockingbird did several decades ago.<br />Jake Brigance is Grisham's young Southern lawyer and the protagonist who faces long odds in doing right. Carl Lee Hailey -- a black resident of Clanton, Mississippi - has a young daughter who is viciously raped by local rednecks. Hailey takes a father's revenge on the rapists during their trial, killing them in one of the most sympathetic acts of vigilantism ever written.  The incident splits the community along Mississippi's traditioinal black/white fault lines as the book asks: Is Hailey justified in this killing or is he a murderer?  Brigance must represent Hailey and thread his way through a cauldron that pits the remnants of the Klan against a confident and energized black population amidst a community that thought these scenes had receeded into history.<br />This is Girsham's best work.  The story and characters are extremely well developed, the writing fast paced and the story goes beyond adventure in probing a moral dilemma I suspect breaks about 50/50 among people who read it.  Being a father, it is easy to sympathize with Hailey -- indeed I rooted for him the entire span of the book.  You will too.  This is a book you'll remember twenty years from now and be glad you read.
B00005AFVR|3.0|I am a huge Springsteen fan (and have been for some time), however I was really disappointed with this live set.  The sound on the 75-85 box set is much better and the performances are much stronger than the Live in NY release.  There are several songs on Live in NY that were included on the previous live set, however some newer material has been included.  Springsteen should have included live versions of the songs he perfomed on his most recent tour from the &quot;Tracks&quot; compilation.  Buy this in the used rack or get the other live set.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|When CD's were first created, the manufacturers promised us &quot;perfect sound forever&quot;.<br />However this was not the case.<br />To the average listener, who had scratchy records played on $200 stereos, CD's were a big improvement. To audiophiles, it didn't sound right. I had hard time convincing friends, but on a good stereo the original records sounded better than the CD's. Thsi is certainly true of the Beatles CD's.<br />The wiseacre scientists that created CD's in the 1980's set the sampling frequency too low and the number of bits too low. That's the standard.<br />Buried in the small print of &quot;Beatles 1&quot; is that fact that the CD was mixed in 24 bit. To my knowledge, this is the first Beatle album mixed in 24 bit.  For the first time, this glorious music sounds closer to the way the original records sounded!<br /> The images are tree dimensional, the sound is fuller, the highs are less jangly, the singers and instruments are fixed in space. Go compare &quot;Come Together&quot; on &quot;Abbey Road&quot; with &quot;Come Together&quot; on &quot;Beatles 1&quot;!<br />Look for Capitol to re-release the entire Beatle collection in 24  bit.<br />Unless you have SACD of perhaps DVD, it will be a while before we can hear it in true 24 bit (all conventional CD players are 16 bit), but at least the 24 bit mixdown prevents much of the sound from getting lost in the CD creation process.<br />Needless to say, the performances cannot be too highly lauded. The best recording yet of the best Beatle music. It makes me sad to see how much Rock has degenerated from these olympian heights.
0060278242|5.0|Garth Nix has truely dazzled us with yet another masterpiece. After reading Sabriel many readers were itching for more and wanted a sequel. After waiting for what seemed like forever, Lireal is here to amaze us again! His second novel in the series moves just as fast as the first one. If you haven't read Sabriel, I recommend reading that one first so you understand part of what's going on. He ends it at a point where we want more and more. But we have to wait for the third in the series, Abhorsen. Highly recommended for teens and children at heart. A mix between fantasy, realism, love, adventure, and sci-fi. Thriller for all!
B00004YKUY|5.0|Finally, Jonathan Cain and Neal Schon are free to shine!!! No more hand tying by Steve Perry. This album is awesome. &quot;Higher Place&quot; and &quot;I've Got a Reason&quot; are two awesome rockers that will have fans of melodic rock in chills. &quot;Signs of Life&quot; is a very awesome Bad English style rocker. Love it. &quot;With Your Love&quot; and &quot;All the Way&quot; the two single best ballads of the Millenium. <br />I was skeptical if anyone could fill Steve Perry's shoes but I actually think Steve Augeri has helped the band transcend itself into a new beginning.<br />This band has SIGNS OF LIFE....
B00004YKUY|5.0|Finally, Jonathan Cain and Neal Schon are free to shine!!! No more hand tying by Steve Perry. This album is awesome. &quot;Higher Place&quot; and &quot;I've Got a Reason&quot; are two awesome rockers that will have fans of melodic rock in chills. &quot;Signs of Life&quot; is a very awesome Bad English style rocker. Love it. &quot;With Your Love&quot; and &quot;All the Way&quot; the two single best ballads of the Millenium. <br />I was skeptical if anyone could fill Steve Perry's shoes but I actually think Steve Augeri has helped the band transcend itself into a new beginning.<br />This band has SIGNS OF LIFE....
B00000IOSU|4.0|Sarah McLachlan's success before Lilith Fair came from a constant schedule of touring, with performances as beautiful and personal as the songs she recorded.  Victory in the worlds of commercial sales and mainstream airplay have not dulled Sarah's astonishing songcrafting abilities, but after listening to _Mirrorball_ one wonders if her live performances have been made to suffer to maintain her popularity.<br />The intrinsic strength of McLachlan's songs can withstand the lacklustre performances on the disc, but they surely are tested.  Poor orchestration of \\"Hold On\\" adds a syrupy sweet taste to a song intended to be bitter, while Camille Henderson's backup vocals on \\"I Love You\\" destroy the raw intimacy of the track.  Additional percussion on \\"Sweet Surrender\\" and \\"Possession\\" unnecessarily complicate both songs.  And apart from \\"Angel,\\" all the tracks sound rushed, like McLachlan was trying to do three hours of music in a two hour set.<br />Worse yet is that with the exception of the aforementioned \\"Angel,\\" McLachlan almost sounds detached from the songs, bouncing off of each lyric instead of cradling and nurturing them as she has done in the past.  Combined with the rushed feel of the performances, the end result is a live performance that sounds highly impersonal, as if McLachlan and her band were more concerned with hitting the road early for the next town than doing their best for that night's audience.  This is very unlike the Sarah McLachlan of the past, who would stay true to the genesis of her songs and not alter them for a pop music-listening audience.<br />But the performances still do not detract much from what were powerful songs to start with, and _Mirrorball_ is a disc worthy of purchase.  However, the VHS release Fumbling Towards Ecstasy Live remains the definitive recorded live performance from McLachlan.
080017948X|5.0|I loved this movie which was, in my opinion, a mini-course in Buddhism.  For &quot;day&quot; read &quot;lifetimes&quot; as Phil is reincarnated again and again until he has learned his lessons and, through the giving and receiving of healing love, is freed from further incarnations. Great acting, great screenplay, great fun!
B00000255X|5.0|You see a side of Bob that isn't expressed as much in his other records.  This album while often praised for the one sell-out it contains, hurricane, should be praised for such innovative songs as Sara, Isis, and Mozambique.  This along with Blonde on Blonde are must have records... and get Paul Simon's Graceland on the way
B000059MEK|4.0|A lot was expected of Daft Punk, despite the fact their track record was brief.  &quot;Discovery&quot; shows them moving on, which is something to be grateful for, but it still doesn't live up to all the hype.  Appropriating 70s influences doesn't necessarily guarantee quality tunes, especially when they're Supertramp (!!), but DP at least does it with wit and style.  In short, a great sounding record with some great and some average hooks.
B00004YKUY|5.0|In reading the reviews here, it's obvious that the people who are crying about Perry not being on this record and the music lacking in song writing ability haven't heard one note from Arrival. These songs are all incredible and some of the best writing I've ever seen from the boys of Journey. My guess is these people are so angry that Journey has come back with a monster album without their hero, they are trying to sabotage the briliant efforts put forth by the band. Every song on Arrival is a possibilty for a single. Kiss Me Softly, Higher Place, World Gone Wild, Signs of Life .... you won't be able to get these songs out of your head! Don't miss out on what I believe is Journey's greatest work since Escape!
B000059MEK|5.0|I didn't have much expectations for &quot;Discovery&quot; when it first came out but after seeing the video for &quot;One More Time&quot; for the first time I knew immediately that this album was going to be special and that I had to have it in my constantly growing cd collection.<br />I have the duo's first album &quot;Homework&quot; which I loved dearly but I thought that cd was flawed. The album is so cold in comparison to the warmth and funkiness of &quot;Discovery&quot;. This album is shorter than its predecessor which keeps the listener wanting more. I think that it is a good thing. The disco, electro-funk flavor of this album permeates the entire cd from &quot;One More Time&quot; all the way to &quot;Too Long&quot;. Each song is so good that the listener doesn't pay much attention to the length of the song like &quot;Too Long&quot; which is a 10 minute epic dance track. Sampling Barry Manilow for &quot;Superheroes&quot; was brilliant. It really worked well for the song. Normally I am not too crazy about artists sampling other artists' songs but I can definitely make an exception with Daft Punk.<br />I definitely can rate &quot;Discovery&quot; as one of the best cds of the new millenium so far as well as best dance album. This album totally confirmed me as a serious Daft Punk fan. I just hope I don't have to wait too long for the next album.
B00005AAFS|5.0|Wow, ok, those who tell you this cd sucks are on crack. Obviously they do not know what they are talking about, this cd is one of the best I have ever heard. While a few of the songs are kinda boring, thats just 2 of the 11 songs. A beautiful cd with both hard, heavy industrial riffs, and a melodic tune which just makes the music twice as good as it already is. The cd has a wide variety of styles ranging from industrial, to a hard type of punk, to even some metal with orchestral arrangements. I havent left home without it, and im listening to it now. I cant wait to see their live show
B00000K2SC|1.0|I am saddened and dismayed that I wasted over two hours of my life trying to understand this worthless set of pictures they call a movie.  I openly admit that I didn't understand it, but what on earth is the point of a movie that 1% of the population can easily comprehend?  The special effects were highly overrated.  With what computers can do today, why was anyone shocked at the &quot;great&quot; effects?  Everyone says they understand the movie, but do they really?     I may be the only one that didn't jump on the Matrix bandwagon, but I'm proud to say that this is the worst movie I've ever seen
0399226907|5.0|This is a great little interactive book which is useful right from the earliest introduction for kids to reading.  At first you can tell the story, then the kids identify all the pictures of the food the caterpillar eats and they begin to shout them out.  Later you can teach them to actually read the words.<br />They all love where the caterpillar gets sick from eating all the cake and pickle (sound effects are entirely up to you the reader) and there is great fun when the butterfly emerges at the end.
B000000H4V|5.0|This a brilliant album. It is better than ROOTS, which had a few amazing tracks and then became increasingly predictable. Not that it isn't a great album, but this is better. The sheer power of CHAOS AD and the potent fury it creates as well as the violent storm it kicks up is overwhelming. It is just right . . . the bridge between the old thrash/death stuff they had in the earlier days and the more accessible tribal-metal/hardcore style they veered over into after this album.<br />This album still has the speed, but has more rhythmic diversity than before. The lyrics are also more political - less about carnage and stuff, y'know . . . <br />It is also more individual than their earlier stuff and packed with metal-monsters like REFUSE/RESIST, TERRITORY, SLAVE NEW WORLD and BIOTECH IS GODZILLA. I love their earlier stuff though. Please don't get me wrong. In some ways I think I prefer it. But this album is amazing.
B00003CXHJ|4.0|This movie brings us back to the Spring of 1941 ~ in the midst of World War II, the US NAVY Allies plan on taking over a Nazi U-571 submarine to steal their 'enigma coding machine'...things go a little differently when the men wind up stranded on the U-Boat.<br />The movie takes us along the ride as the men, lead by the talented Matthey McConaughey (playing Lieutenant Andrew Tyler) use their training and skills to pilot the foreign U-571 in order to save their lives! Jon Bon Jovi did an excellent job as Lieutenant Pete Emmett, although all you fans looking to see Bon Jovi through out the whole film, may be dissapointed! (He's only in the 1st third of the movie)  Harvey Keitel as Chief Klough is a wonderful and talented edition as well.  <br />Watching this showed me how BRAVE you must be to fight in a war~!! Some of the scenes where explosions takes place are magnificent!  Watch this movie if you feel like seeing a little fiction based on fact!
B000001FA4|5.0|The Unforgettable Fire, in my opinion, is one of the best ever produced by U2.  It is underrated as a well-known CD, but there are many songs on it that have hit the charts big time in the past, including &quot;Pride&quot; and &quot;Bad&quot;.  Other songs such as &quot;A Sort Of Homecoming&quot;, and &quot;Wire&quot; are also pretty sweet.  In this CD, U2, in a sense, finishes off with their harder rock of their career.  Many of the songs on this CD seem very deep and emotional, especially &quot;4th of July&quot;, which has no lyrics in it.
B000002AS3|5.0|Seeing as how I'm going to be 44 in November, you may want to take all that follows with a grain of salt. Repeat to yourself \\"Respect your elders\\" whilst I proclaim this the best album to come out of Britain in the 1990 's. Calling up the ghosts of T. Rex, Slade, Mott The Hoople, and, in Liam Gallagher's sneer, the Sex Pistols, the Gallaghers created one for the ages here, Bucko, and on their first release no less! Alas, while their subsequent albums have never quite equalled the bombast on exhibit here (how could they?), Liam and Noel trudge onward, their twisted genius burning bright. \\"Rock 'N' Roll Star\\" is the best song they've ever recorded, a staggering, strutting, power chording chip on the shoulder. Okay kids, excuse me. It's now time for my nap...
B0000508U6|2.0|With the exception of Yellow, which is a wonderful pop song, I found the album to be an overall disappointment.  It is better than a lot of crap in the market.  However, the reason why listening to this album is excruciating is that you can hear that they have the potential to put out an excellent album.  Unfortunately, they try too hard to tread the thin line between pop and serious music and don't quite pull it off.  Most of the songs would have sounded better if they had held back on their guitar flourishes or if they had gone full blast as they did with Yellow.<br />I do look forward to hearing future releases to see if they do meet their potential, but for now I find their debute disappointing.
B000002UUX|5.0|Easily rivals &quot;Master of Puppets&quot; for the finest thrash album ever made.  The musicianship on offer is simply superb, world class, and the songwriting is clearly in a class of its own, the work of an absolute master at his best, with subtle hints of genius.    Highlights include &quot;Lucretia&quot;, which boasts one of THE COOLEST riffs ever written - (as good as Aint Talking 'bout love!) and &quot;Holy Wars&quot;, a triumph of modern metal. Lead Guitarist  Marty Friedman stamps his unique, brilliant playing style on Mustaine's songs, in a manner Hammett would be proud to call his own!  What every self respecting band should asprire to.  Anyone who likes music (heavy or otherwise) will love this!     You need this album - buy it now!
B00003CWL6|3.0|On the Alan Ball-Sam Mendes commentary track on this DVD, in the scene where Jane and Ricky take turns filming each other, discuss their dads, and talk about putting Lester out of his misery, Sam Mendes describes a scene before that scene that was cut from the movie, involving Ricky making a video of Jane at a lake, and invites you to see it for yourself in the &quot;outtakes&quot; section of the DVD. Unfortunately, around the time this commentary was recorded, Sam Mendes didn't know this DVD was to be denied these &quot;outtakes&quot; for disc space. Sam Mendes mentions a lot of other deleted scenes in this commentary you could see in the outtakes section, all of which we will never see. <br />This DVD disappoints me slightly. I could only imagine what else Dreamworks sacrificed for a DTS audio track on this DVD. I am highly aware having 4 separate audio tracks on a DVD (DTS, Dolby Digital, Dolby Surround, and the commentary), eats up room reserved for extra features, but there's an easy way to fix this. Three words: TWO DISC EDITION. If this had just been put together instead of trying to squash together as much extras as could be fit on one disc, we could see these deleted scenes Sam Mendes wanted us to see, and much more. Why was Dreamworks so desperate to avoid a 2-disc edition they'd cut out the essence of any DVD, the deleted scenes, to put it all on one disc? The answer to this we'll never know. All we can assume is Dreamworks wanted to include these scenes, and they knew the option for two discs was avaliable, but they didn't want to bother with two discs, so they just cut out the deleted scenes to make it fit on one disc. I don't care how much extra work a two-disc edition needs, this movie has definetly earned its keep, and deserves the best DVD that money can buy. If this movie were on a two-disc set, I WOULD buy it, and so would everyone else, because they know a little extra money is a small price to pay to own a masterpiece, and every little extra itdeserves. Believe me when I say this movie is a masterpiece, and that it should be treated like one. It's a movie that is actually 4 movies; a comedy, a drama, a romance, and a whodunnit mystery, all combined with profoundness and symbolism you'll never forget. <br />At this point, yet another re-release of this movie, especially on DVD, is highly unlikely, so I guess all we can do is make do with the extras we have, and keep dreaming about the extras that could of been.
B000056K04|3.0|This album hides amazing musicianship behind over-production and bad songs.  When you listen, you feel the band just below the surface trying to find space and \\"really\\" perform.  But even talented musicians can't make bad songs sound good.  The album will grow on you after you listen 100+ times... but music shouldn't be this much work.  Like so many people have said, the album sounds like it was written in 10 or 11 days... I hear that the album was called \\"Everyday\\" because DMB needed to write one song everyday.  We are ready for a better DMB album.  Real depth can be heard on the DMB - \\"Lillywhite\\" CD...  Lillwhite was not officially released but can be found on-line in MP3 format.  One listen, and you are home - the best DMB since \\"Under the Table\\".  Releasing \\"Everyday\\" and hiding \\"Lillywhite\\" was a crime.  Or is there some master plan to release \\"Lillywhite\\" after we've wasted our money on \\"Everyday.\\"
B000024D4R|5.0|Today I finally found a copy of the original vinyl LP at a garage sale. It is in excellent condition, and the sleeve and inner liner with the lyrics is almost perfect. Anyway, I listened to it, and I noticed something QUITE different from the remastered CD, which I also have. The old LP record has MUCH more prominent drums and bass. It sounds great, especially since this record has no scratches and it's very clean like new. No wear on the label or center hole. Anyway, I was wondering if they do something differently when they re-master a recording? Such as removing some of the bass for example? All I know is that the LP record sounds better I think. Deep, powerful bass and very promiment drums. This, combined with Gilmours incredible guitar work, is amazing! Excellent album!
B00004YM0D|5.0|ok i listen to the musci in the movie and it is so cool alothough iam not a huge 60's fan but heck that music couls not fit any other movie then  REMEBER THE TITANS!go buy this cd and have fun watching the movie!i laughed and i cryed and i cheerd for the team i even sing along with the songs!
B00004SCX6|5.0|Britney continues to stake her claim as the best of the current bunch of blonde female singers. And of course, in the musical industry, there's only one reason for this: her songs are simply better than those of her counterparts - Christina, Mandy, Jessica, or any one of the Spice Girls. <br />This album is not of your standard four singles, eight to ten fillers composition. The opening track (Oops) sets the pace for a really fun album, and suprisingly, the rest of the album actually supports the cause, whether it be classy uptempo feel of &quot;Stronger&quot; &amp; &quot;What You See Is What You Get&quot;, or the emotionally brilliant ballad &quot;Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know&quot;. Even the Rolling Stones cover &quot;I Can't Get No Satisfaction&quot; is not as ridiculous as it seems. <br />Oops I Did It Again is as genius as bubblegum pop will ever get
B00004Y6NX|4.0|In those days it was LPs of course - I only ever played the 1st side (Tracks 1-3) - it was just SO good. Forget Oasis, Radiohead and Coldplay - this is how EXCITING music used to be until it all went horribly wrong in the mid 80s.
0679879269|4.0|I'm not going to go into one of those agonizingly long disscussions about how he was &quot;offending&quot; god and all, I mean it's jsut fiction right? Anyways what I liked about these books was he didn't make everything &quot;happy&quot; or too use a cliche, he didn't sugar coat anything. He wasn't afriad to kill off characters or introduce some darkness. He realized that not every story has a compleatly happy ending.
B0000508U6|2.0|Radiohead without the emotion. Oasis without the tunes. Mark Knopfler without the lyrics.
B000000W6F|5.0|i really love this album. probably one of the strongest debut's ever, it has a lot of guitar roar but has a stunning tonality to it, in true Pumpkin's style. &quot;beautiful music that varies,&quot; billy corgan said, and this is very evident throughout.
B000002KDI|4.0|This is a great live album to get into Neil Young (if you're new to his music). A truly exciting album... My other NY recommendation would be Harvest - to get into the acoustic side of his music.
1891252089|5.0|This book is very well thought-out. I don't know how many times I've tried to do poses from other books, but can't keep the book open, and this ingenuous spiral binding inside a hard cover allows you to leave it flat open on the floor while you work. I have the video, and wasn't sure I'd need this too, but it's a great companion. It is very detailed, has two photo sections--one with detailed descriptions and one with just pictures, and best of all, it contains, the primary, advanced and short forms. I like the lighthearted writing style, but the typos bugged me a little. Great book that you could take with you anywhere.
B000002AS3|4.0|Together with What's The Story, these two albums hold 90% of Oasis's best stuff. Ignore all Oasis output (musical or otherwise) from 1996 onwards.
0375703764|5.0|I bought this book after hearing some vague references to it being a paperback riddle, and...it is! The story is active on many different levels. There is the narrator (Johnny Truant) who finds a manuscript called The Navidson Record. This manuscript was written by an old blind man named Zampano, and is the description of an apparently nonexistent documentary that was filmed by Will Navidson, a professional photagrapher, that chronicles the strange dimensions of his new home. This second level, the story, is haunting and disquieting. As Navidson finds out more about his home, Truant reveals his thoughts on the story and his live through footnotes. Truant realizes that he is being driven mad by the story, but he must know what happens. The third level is that of the actual publishing company who publishes Truants edition of Zampano's work (It's this edition that we are supposedly reading). The company's editors make note along the way. This book requires thought, patience, and imagination, and it is the BEST thing I have read in years. An experiment that survives on sheer audacity and inventiveness, this is an astounding book. You may feel that you are quite similar to Truant. You can't think of anything but the Navidson Record (at least until you finish!). Underneath the neo-intellectualist style, the horror story elements, and the complex story web lies one of the most haunting dissections of human nature. Pretentious? Yes. Excellent? You betcha!
B000002ITW|4.0|CSN&amp;Y when they really were CSN&amp;Y (as opposed to Y&amp;CSN). Most CSN(&amp;Y) albums have been grossly overrated over the years, but this one deserves to be listened to. Excellent all-round musicianship.
6303542352|5.0|Because an exceedingly verbose (not to mention obtuse) review of this show has already been written, I'll cut to the chase: Francis Urquhart (referred to as &quot;FU&quot; by friend and foe alike in the show), brilliantly portrayed by Ian Richardson, is the best (or worst, depending on how you look at it) bad guy to ever grace the small screen.  Never in your life will you loathe a character so much as FU.  Never will you cringe as much as you will when FU turns to the camera and explains to you exactly what his dastardly plans are and exactly how he intends to carry them out.  Never will you be more horrified as when you see FU's every plot and subplot come to fruition, despite being always on the verge of exposure.  And never will you be happier to have witnessed such brilliant performances all the way across the board set within a complex, intriguing storyline.  Buy this movie  -- it will be the best money you spend for a long, long time.
B000023X9W|2.0|A typically effortless NY offering (and lapped up by the undiscerning public of course), saved only by the last 4 tracks. Buy &quot;Harvest&quot; instead.
B00004Y6Q5|5.0|I haven't even seen the movie yet, but after listening to the soundtrack, I know I have to.  Mansell brings in the masters of the strings, Kronos Quartet (if you haven't seen them live yet.. DO SO), and creates a recording that will not leave your CD player for weeks (it's still in mine... I don't see it going anywhere soon). The almost shrill Kronos Quartet numbers remind me a bit of their early &quot;Black Angels&quot; (another amazing CD) which established their place in my &quot;must have this CD&quot; mentality. You will not regret purchasing this CD. Listen to it a few times before you make up your mind. It will stay with you... you will find yourself coming back to it again and again.
B00001OH7P|5.0|30 years old (THIRTY!!!) but still sounding as fresh as ever. If you *don't* like good music, don't buy this. If you *do* like good music, chances are you've already got this...<br />PS. Where are the David Bowies of today ?!
B00003CXE7|5.0|This movie is awesome! My husband and I both loved it. Then we bought the DVD and it blew us away. They should do all DVDs like this one. The behind the scenes footage and commentary from Ridley Scott and Hans Zimmer etc are excellent. A lot of work went into this movie and the DVD. I appreciate the extra additions and enjoy the movie more because of the added features. Please do more like this movie and DVD additions!
B000002P74|5.0|One of the great hard rock bands of the 1970s, Lynyrd Skynyrd, have been mistakenly reviled by some as a buncha' racist rednecks, with too many guitars to boot. As head hombre Ronnie Van Zandt would have proclaimed: &quot;the FOOLS!&quot;. Which appears to have been his favored insult through out Skynyrd's recording career.  They were more raw, raunchy, stylistically varied, and a lot smarter and funnier than a majority of their contemporaries.  &quot;Second Helping&quot;, arguably their finest studio album, begins with the classic &quot;Sweet Home Alabama&quot;. How anyone can not love this song is beyond my comprehension (Understandably tired of it from dreaded &quot;Classic Rock&quot; radio overkill, perhaps...). Even target of derision, Neil Young (because of his song &quot;Southern Man&quot;), loved it, and after all as Neil Young fan, Van Zandt, quipped, &quot;I just felt he was taking down the whole flock just to nail a few bad ducks&quot;.  On &quot;Working For MCA&quot;, Van Zandt lets out one of the greatest frustrated snarls ever recorded to accompany the beginning landslide of guitar noise. In the album's &quot;slow&quot; number, &quot;The Ballad Of Curtis Loew&quot;, a young boy is awestruck by the dobro blues of one Curtis Loew, and he bites back on his anger at the local FOOLS who consider the old man useless. &quot;Swamp Music&quot; is a tightly coiled number (three chords, three guitars!) that sings of the joy of leaving the big city for a while, with your hound at your side. While &quot;Needle And The Spoon&quot; sends out a stark caveat to all the needle freaks. Apparently after a double bill in Missouri, the band wound up getting drunk with The New York Dolls (?!?) (according to a recent Doll's bio) who probably would have profited from paying closer attention to this song. &quot;Call Me The Breeze&quot; is a J.J. Cale tune turned into a hard rock boogie with dueling guitars and horns, barrelhouse piano, and much whoopin', hollerin', and hand claps by, according to the liner notes, and I quote: &quot;Wicker, Toby, Cockroach, Moochie, Punnel, Wolfman, Kooder, Mr. Feedback, and Gooshie&quot;.  The CD has the added bonus of including Van Zandt's masterful adolescent tearjerker (that's a tearjerker about adolescence), &quot;Was I Right Or Wrong?&quot;, as often pointed out, written and recorded before the band got a major label deal and hit the big time. Note: this album is a wonderful companion to their excellent collection, &quot;Gold And Platinum&quot;; &quot;Sweet Home Alabama&quot;, is the only repeated cut. The band's career ended tragically with a plane crash in 1977, killing Van Zandt and several other key members. I've heard of albums released after this under the name Lynyrd Skynyrd, but this is name only. I mean c'mon, without Shorty? He was their heart.
0425152251|5.0|Sophie's World is about a 15-year-old girl (named Sophie of course) who comes home and finds a strange letter in her mail box. She soon finds out that it is about a private philosophy course that an anonymous teacher offers her. After starting the course, she soon finds out that the world that she lives in isn't as it seems...<br />Throughout the novel, Sophie and her teacher talk about some pretty heavy subjects. But this book is great for anyone wanting to learn a little bit about philosophy. I mean, we are all born with the faculty of wonder, so we all wonder about the world and the different facts of life that are discussed in this book.<br />Sophie's World is a very different novel! And it is definitely not for someone looking for an easy read. I read it alone and then pondered about the different philosopher's theories. Then I reread some of it just to get the whole meaning to it. I'll have to admit that when I first started reading it I was skeptical and a few sections of the book were hard to get through. But in the end, I learned a lot!
6300182355|4.0|From a scientific point of view this film makes no sense. There are these Hawkmen. They just spread their wings and fly from one planet to the other. Gravity doesnt stop them neither does the absence of oxygen. Dr. Hans Zarkov the crazy, discredited NASA scientist owns a Rocket.Amazing ! <br />Apart from that the film is really entertaining if you like these science fiction films from the disco era . The movie is very colourful like Buck Rogers (1979). Light effects also remind me a bit of Logan`s run (76). Fighting scenes are like going to a disco in those days, lots of bright lights and laser guns . FLash  Gordon is really flashy !<br />Zarkov lures Flash (Quarterback with the New York Jets) and Dale into his spaceship. Dale and Flash fall in love soon afterwards.This love cannot be destroyed, not even by the seductive Ornella Muti later on on the film . On Planet Mingo they encounter Ming the Merciless. After a few quarrels Flash joins Forces with the Hawkmen and the treemen , the latter are being led by Prince Barin (Timothy Dalton). Together they vanquish Ming`s troops and Ming himself. The music made by Queen is hard rock oriented and stresses the martial touch of the picture. All in all it`s very funny as long as you don`t take it too seriously.
B000056K04|4.0|This is hardly the worst CD you could buy, but it isn't as good as some of their earlier works. If you haven't got any of the early CD's by all means get them first, but this should be a welcome addition to any collection.
B0000025CP|5.0|I cannot even beegin to tell you how incredible an album Judas Priest's &quot;Stained Class&quot; is.  The level of musicianship on the album is just so high!  Every second of every song is just pure metallic genius.  It is also the album that hepled to start the New Wave Of British Heavy Metal.  This is the definition of heavy metal right here.  Not a second of filler, just the greatest music you will ever hear.  I can't praise &quot;Stained Class&quot; enough.  BUY BUY BUY at all costs!!!
0517123207|1.0|The true title that Darwin gave this thesis is:  &quot;On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection, or the Preservation of Favoured Races in the Struggle for Life.&quot;  Amazon.com makes no mention of this.  Darwin believed that the peoples of Africa were inferior.
630575067X|4.0|This movie showed off what Lucas does best with his very well done special effects.  The movie looks really good without seeming overdone.  The acting is as good as can be found in any movie, there is not a bad actor in the bunch.  The lightsaber fights are spectacular.  They did well to bring in Ray Parks to coreograph the fights.  The movie manages to keep the kind of light space opera tone, while manageing to upgrade the movie to current standards.  <br />      I don't know if Lucas could have done any better, and I have to respect his descion to change the way the movie is presented.  All things must change, or what's the point of makeing more of them.  What I didn't like was the way that the movie lost the more serious tones of the first trilogy.  Some of the writing just doesn't take itself seriously.  The battle sceanes outside of the lightsaber deuls are just too kiddy.  I missed the way that in the previous movies the particapants seemed to take what they were doing seriously.  To take someone elses words, &quot;they shot fake looking laserbeams at each other and dodged them like they were real.&quot;  They went to far putting in a pod racing sceane that was there just for a video game, and they overwrote their comedy, and drama, making the movie seem too contrived at times.        But overall this movie is still better than most.  For kids who havn't seen the old Star Wars this will be an exciting introduction to this great world.  And perhaps that was the point after all.
B000021Y77|5.0|Great! A cool 'Goundhog Day' meets 'Sprockets'. But not to be misleading, this is not a comedy; this is a serious German art film.  Excellent techo soundtrack.. a little repetitive, but that keeps it in theme with the movie.
B000000WJZ|5.0|Siamese Dream is an outstanding album. Its strengths are not immediately apparent, for the album is so thick with sound that it takes some time to pick up the melodies and lyrics. But after a while, it becomes almost addictive. The songs are complex and moving. &quot;Cherub Rock&quot;, the opener, is a loud and catchy rock ballad; &quot;Today&quot; is one of the greatest songs of the decade, and &quot;Disarm&quot; is a haunting acoustic number that seems to be a metaphor about losing childhood. Though those previous three songs were the album's big hits, there are other phenomenal points, especially &quot;Geek U.S.A.&quot;, which shows the Pumpkins knack for contrast, alternating between various &quot;songs&quot; (think Queen's &quot;Bohemian Rhapsody&quot;). True to Pumpkins' nature, most of the album has a melancholy, angst-ridden feel, though there are some glimmers of positive to be found. Overall a truly remarkable album, the one that really launched the Pumpkins' career.
B00003CXMG|5.0|This movie was soo great.  Cameron Crowe did an exelent job showing how life was like for rockstars and journalists in the 70's.  The movie had some funny parts, especially with the mother.  if you haven't seen it, you should because it is worth seeing.
B00005AAFT|5.0|This is by far the best Rammstein album yet! Being number 3 in the top 3 album charts in Germany before it was released. The time they spent and all the effort paid off. Its still the same Rammstein sound but with new emotion and theme! Expressing how they feel about their childhood, and it came out great! Also with this special digipack limited edition, makes it the best album from Rammstein yet. Sonne and Links 234 are great songs, but my favorites are Mutter and Rein Raus. If you are a fan of industrial rock, and you are looking for a great rock cd that is worth the price, then you must get this cd! And all the songs link together so well, and if you like this then you'd also love Sehnsucht if you don't already have it...
B000056K04|3.0|This album has a sound that is totally unexpected.  This is obviously the fault of Glen Ballard who has convinced Dave to write songs using an electric guitar.  What the hell man?  The Dave Matthews Band is defined by the album Remember Two Things.  I just hope that Dave will remember those things that has made his band so famous.  DMB needs to drop Ballard and go back to doing things the way they used to.  I don't mean pick Lillywhite up again but just someone better than Ballard.  Ballard made everyone except Dave freaking session musicians.  You can't do that to DMB.  And Ballard made Boyd's violin have a crappy electric sound.  That sucks!  I like change but this is not the direction the band should go in.  I think that for the band's next album they should pick up legendary producer Quincy Jones (Carter has already expressed an interest in working with him).  They should also make an album that shows off the incredible jazz talent of Leroi Moore and the complex drum beats of Carter Beauford.  That would be cool. This album is good but the band is capable of much, much more than this as evidenced in the songs they wrote for Crash (#41, So Much To Say, Lie in Our Graves.)  Hey don't get me wrong people this is a good album and worth buying(some of the songs are very good but, in general it isn't as strong as other albums).  DMB is capable of much more.  I think Quincy Jones is just the man to bring their talent into the light.
0790744759|5.0|Meet Me in St. Louis is the best movie ever!!  I'm only fourteen and I've watched it thousands of times. It was the first movie I ever saw. Judy Garland, Margret O'Brien, Tom Drake, and the rest of the MGM cast take you to a time when you were more interested in playing tennis, throwing parties, and going on trolley rides rather than watching telivision and playing on computers.  It has great songs, a great cast, and it's set in a great city - St. Louis! Which is my favorite city since I live in Missouri.   <br />  &quot;Wasn't I lucky to be born in (near) my favorite city...&quot;                        ~ Margret O'Brien
B000006045|5.0|Massive Attack create an opaque, dense, black chunk of obsidian that just sits there, absorbing all light yet somehow radiating heat in a frequency that you have never felt before. Don't label it and don't try to understand it. Just turn up the volume, turn off the lights, and put on a coat. It's about to get cold.
B00004WG2F|4.0|A true EPIC film that spans the &quot;lifetimes&quot; of an entire family, the Ludlows. This film is incredible. A tale that follows 3 men who grow up brothers but ultimately become their own man. Their father, played by Anthony Hopkins, is terrific in this film as usual. Julia Ormond plays the very credible love interest of all 3 brothers at different times in their lives. This story has it all. love, death, romance, scenics, fine acting, great casting, great music (James Horner) ... everything. I highly recommend this one to anyone. I think you'll thoroughly enjoy this film.<br />For those who have this on vhs or laser or even the early dvd version of this film, you need this new printing. It's much better than anything before it. The colors are crisp, the images are spectacular and the sound is fantastic.<br />I listened to the Ed Zwick and Brad Pitt commentary as well and it's great too. You can hear the love in their voices for this film. Some great anecdotes and great insight into the making of this film. Very laid back commentary with lots on info. <br />The deleted scenes are not that great. They seem to be just tacked on to the disc to tack them on. Ultimately you can see why they were cut from the film, but I like seeing this stuff anyways. Better to have, then not.<br />Anyways, check out this film if you have never seen it. Even if you are not really a fan of Brad Pitt's you'll like him in this role. Anthony Hopkins is great, Aidan Quinn, wow this guy can tell a story with his eyes alone and Henry Thomas is fabulous as the younger of the brood. Julia Ormond beautiful as ever, I would fight over her, given the chance.<br />ENJOY!
0684833395|5.0|&quot;You mean there's a catch?&quot; Yossarian asked.    &quot;Sure there's a catch,&quot; Doc Daneeka replied.  &quot;Catch-22.  Anyone who wants to get out of combat duty isn't really crazy.&quot;<br />   I thought that Catch 22 was an excellent and hilarious book.  But, I don't think it is for everybody.  Some people might not get the type of humor Joseph Heller uses throughout the book.  And to others, the lack of a plot might make reading the entire book very demanding.  But for me the constant humor and exceptionally well created characters made the book well worth the read.     Catch 22 is a satire that reflects on the absurdity of war.  It is about a bomber squadron in Italy during the end of WWII.  The book's main character, Yossarian, is frantic and furious because people he hasn't even met keep trying to kill him.       The best part of the book would defiantly have to be the characters.  Joseph Heller did an excellent job creating so many unique and interesting people.  That was definitely what kept me reading.  There were so many great characters I'm sure everyone could find someone in the book to relate to.       So if you don't mind a book that can be a bit slow at times and is absolutely hilarious Catch 22 is a great choice.
0783117523|5.0|Movie after Movie Ms Jolie gives another top performance.I was absolutely shocked by how much I love this movie.I guees I am gonna have to let this entertain me until Lara Croft comes out in the summer
0684865130|5.0|Catch-22 is a book that has a whole different spin on life than most others.  It takes place during World War II and is primarily about John Yossarian, a bombardier in the war.  Yossarian is an interesting character who looks at life very rationally, yet different from most people.  He cares for his life like most people would.  He doesn't care for authority unless they can hurt him.  He is moral and immoral, smart and immature.   With no central theme or story line it is hard to give an accurate plot summary.  It does give an outlook on war and life that is not seen very often, with a humorous twist that will keep you laughing only if you are in the mood for it.  The characters in this book are very stereotypical yet very unique at the same time.  There are some you will love and many you will hate.   One reoccurring theme in this novel is the title, Catch-22.  There are so many catches and hypocritical events in this book that it is sometimes hard to keep everything straight.  For example, Yossarian asked this girl to marry him.  She said that she would not marry him because he was crazy, but she thought he was crazy because he wanted to marry her.  This is just one of many catches in the book.  The entire book seems to revolve around catches, which makes it hard to read at times. The best part of this book is how it gives a humorous outlook on a very serious subject, war.   There were very few times I wasn't chuckling at this book.  Everyone in this book seems to have lost his or her minds.  One of my favorite parts is when some of the soldiers are driving back from a bar and one of the passengers in the back suggests that the driver turn off his headlights.  This is obviously a stupid idea.  As they are talking the officer in the front passenger seat demands to know why it is so dark and the driver responds, &quot;I turned them off.  You know, Chief White Halfoat is right.  It's much better with the headlights off.&quot;  This is a great example of how no one inthe book seems to be completely in reality and the cause of this seems to be the war.  Over all I really liked this book.  It was almost always funny.  It took a while to get into it because it is very different from any book I've ever read.  I loved the characters, Yossarian and Dunbar especially, although they were all very good.  I would recommend this book who wants to read something new and different and get a good laugh.
B00000IN5G|5.0|This album somehow manages to be extremely complex and ingenius, yet still retain enough pure, unadulterated intensity to kick your teeth in. Combining almost every style of metal ever invented, it makes for a very original sound. They even use keyboards on here, and put them to very good use. Definitely, the tracks you will notice the first time around are Warheart, Bed Of Razors, and Black Widow. Warheart especially delivers an excellent intro. &quot;From now on, we are enemies... you and I...&quot;
B000000HZZ|5.0|Well - What can I say - This album is probably one of the most sonically adventurous releases from the whole period (early 80's). The keyboards are very subliminal - they work to create sonic ecosystems within which all the other participants may inhabit and bring their own contributions (including the listener). <br />All said, Richard Barbieri is one of the most creative keyboardists alive. <br />Steve Jansen's percussion is spot on in rhythm and feel and economical in approach.
B00004YKUY|5.0|The Journey's Arrival couldn't be better...it's excellent... The songs, the musical arrangements, and yes... the vocals, as always...  From Softies like &quot;Signs of life&quot;, &quot;Loved by you&quot;, &quot;With your Love&quot;, &quot;All the way&quot;, &quot;Lifetime of Dreams&quot;, &quot;Livin' to do&quot;, &quot;Kiss me softly&quot;, &quot;We will meet again&quot;, to Rockers like &quot;Nothin' comes close&quot;, &quot;I got a reason&quot;, &quot;Higher Place&quot;, &quot;World gone wild&quot;, &quot;Live and breathe&quot;, &quot;To be alive again&quot;, &quot;All the things&quot;.  Really worth it...  I can't stop listening / enjoying this album...You can't miss this one... Best album since Escape... The verdict...  Five stars...
B000058983|4.0|Forever Changes is one of the all-time great albums. Can someone please explain why both the ordinary CD and the remastered have changed the ending of 'A House Is Not A Motel' from a dramatic sudden moment to a bland fade-out? This is nothing less than musical vandalism. Rhino, please put this right! The remastered CD is missing one of the best moments on the album.
B00003CXE7|4.0|Russell Crowe is the reason this film won an academy award. His performance as Maximus blew me away; it was if I had never seen a movie actor before. He took a role which could have been one-or-two-dimensional and from the moment we meet him, he encompasses everything Maximus is supposed to be: a leader, a fighter, a farmer, a man who loves his family, a man of honor,  and a spiritual man. It's so hard to actually put your finger on it, but his facial expressions and the way he delivers such lines as, &quot;what we do in life echoes in eternity&quot; and especially the speech where he states his name, &quot;loyal servant to the true emporer, Marcus Aurelis, father to a murdered son, husband to a murdered wife,&quot; -- I defy anyone that hears Russell deliver that speech to not feel something. The music swells up, the crowd is cheering, the gladiators yell &quot;Maximus&quot;. A definite favorite movie moment for me. I do think Gladiator an average story and it is; but Russell, and Russell alone, takes a film with some great filmmaking and lifts it up to a point where we feel we've seen a great film.  I really believe this would have been a summer blockbuster ignored by the Academy at the end of the year if it hadn't been for Russell Crowe. I do have a lot of respect for Tom Hanks and Ed Harris, but I must say I cheered when Russell took home the prize. Cudos to Ridley Scott and the opening battle sequence as well; but I challenge anyone to really watch this movie and not see that Russell was the soul. I have this on DVD with surround sound -- the only way to watch it!
6305265666|5.0|I thought this is a great movie. I love it. I watch this movie over and over. All of the cast did a great job. I kind of wish everyone would live happy ever after.
B0000025CP|5.0|This has got to be the best metal album ever!!!  I cannot describe the level of its greatness.  The songs are just tremendous and Halford delivers his swan song performance.  One of the greatest voices of all time.  Guitar playing-excellent, bass playing-excellent, drumming-excellent.  Priest just got everything absolutely perfect on this album.  And the lyrics are brilliant.  All songs are highlights.  The album was also very very influential.  Go out and buy this.  It is truly metal's finest moment.
0441172717|2.0|Like many other of the reviewers listed here, I decided to read this book based on the positive feedback I've received from friends and the many glowing reviews at Amazon.<br />I managed to read about 100 pages before I realised that this book was boring and going nowhere very fast. Maybe I've been spoiled by author's such as George Martin &amp; Dan Simmons who write truly captivating prose.<br />Dune is one of those books that I may get back to one day (with emphasis on the &quot;may&quot;).
B00003CXN4|5.0|Most movies are only to entertain (but I guess that's what they're for!).  In this case, Traffic is both entertaining and important, maybe because there are a lot of people out there that do these things.  Traffic isn't talking street traffic, but drug traffic.  Only one thing could make this movie better: the cast.  Everyone is great as their role, which adds to the fun and realism.  This was a great movie.  Buy the DVD, it'll be tight.
B00004Z459|5.0|There is not one word that can describe now good this album and Linkin Park are. If you like One Step Closer and Crawling, then you will LOVE the rest of the album. Filled with Chester Benningtons powerful melodic voice and Mike Shinodas clever rapping skills, this is one album which you MUST buy. Comparing it to the likes if Limp Bizkit is an insult, can you ever imagine Fred Durst writing an album which DOESNT contain swear words??i think not. Linkin Park have been able to show different emotions without swearing very successfully. Songs such as Papercut and By Myself make you want to mosh like crazy where as With You and In The End, are calmer but just as good, if not better. HYBRID THEORY is one of my favourite albums in my CD collection, it should be in yours too.
B000002OX7|5.0|I recently purchased this album on 180 gram virgin vinyl and the sound quality blows digital compact discs away.  The vocals and drums, the cymbals, the guitars and synthesisers all sound live, natural, the way the were recorded.  I own a copy of the remastered compact disc but the vinyl version is far superior to the digital sound of disc.  It is like hearing the album again for the first time.  A rock and roll classic!
0788821075|5.0|Pretty woman is by far the best movie I have seen in my entire life. Julia is absolutly fab in it and it is so funny as well as sezy!
B00000ILDF|3.0|Out of all four films of the Alien franchise, this is the most disappointing. Besides breaking rules previously established in the first two films (a facehugger can lay only one egg before dying, the mysterious appearance of the pod on the ship), the movie destroyed the setup from the end of ALIENS: Newt and Hicks die before the film even begins and Bishop seems to be damaged beyond repair. ALIEN 3 is more bleak than it's two predecessors, offering a modernist deconstructionist interpretation of the series; while watching this film I just couldn't help but think that Frank Miller had a hand in making this film somewhere along the line.<br /><br />The plot is fairly simple. Ripley's ship crashes on a prison planet with a population of only men. Newt and Hicks are killed before the ship even crashes and once again Ripley is the only survivor. However, an alien pod somehow got aboard and impregnates both Ripley and later a guard dog. The Alien that comes out of the dog takes a dog like shape (suggesting that whatever creature the Alien is born out of is what they will resemble), but the Alien inside of Ripley turns out to be an egglayer (another hole in the script). The prisoners and Ripley battle to kill the monster and Ripley battles with her personal beliefs and her will to survive.<br /><br />Some of the special effects are really interesting, but they don't make up for the rest of the movies' flaws. Overall not too bad of a sci-fi movie, but not up to the quality of the other Alien films.
0553579908|4.0|Make no mistake about it, this man can write. He can tell a story, weave intricate plots, make us worry for a bad guy, and sometimes just want to throttle the good guy. Why then does he find it necessary to write dialogue as if his characters were from the 21st century? Catch phrases out of every day modern speech, language that has no place in a modern novel let alone a fantasy novel, and basic dialogue that sounds like it came from either a business meeting on Wall Street or a gutter in the Bowery. Martin has proven that he is a talented tale-teller. As such, I know he has the ability to write dialogue that is apropos to the medieval world he has taken such great pains to create. To give anything less, is a disfavor to himself, us and the genre.
0767808460|5.0|i highly recommend this film for it's stunning locations, beautiful cast and wonderful theme song.anyone who loves films from this era and can appreciate the atmosphere will not be disappointed.
6301790170|4.0|A commentator mentioned above that there is no widescreen version of this film. Well, that may be true in one sense and not in another.  A note on there not being a widescreen version of &quot;Sorcerer&quot;.<br />While it is true that Friedkin may have FILMED &quot;Sorcerer&quot; &quot;full screen&quot;, it certainly was not presented that way in theaters. If he did film it at 1.33:1, then it was matted at the top and bottem when screened in theaters, creating a widescreen look. This is a fairly common way for filmmakers even today to get a widescreen look without having to use the cumbersom and expensive anamorphic cameras and lenses that produce a real widescreen image. I can imagine that Freiedkin chose this mainly because he was working in the jungle. Smaller equipment is better equipment in such a situation.<br />So, unless Friedkin had the power to specify, as Kubrick did, that his matted movies be presented in full-frame when on video, the non-existence of a widescreen formatted &quot;Sorcerer&quot; is simply the distributor's laziness.
B000000W5P|5.0|This is the best Stones album of all, and the best album of the 70's. Three things helped it 1) New guitarist Ron Wood injected some life into the band 2) Keith was finally kicking heroin after a decade of abuse 3) Punk rock had come along, and Sex Pistol's lead singer Johnny Rotten--still then a teenager--was slagging the Stones off for being old fogies. The Stones felt the threat of this new musical movement, and felt they had something to prove. And they proved it!
B00002Z88D|4.0|For years, I avoided Metallica as much as possible, even though their music was exactly the type of music that I listened to. The only thing that I allowed myself to enjoy was The Unforgiven and Unforgiven II. However, one day, a friend of mine came in to work with a pirated copy of the album for me. I took it home, put it into my CD player, and for the next two hours, I sat with my headphones on my ears. The next day, I returned the discs, and went out and bought my own copy. That's how much I enjoyed it. I'd known Michael Kamen's work from Queen's 'Who Wants To Live Forever?' and Hudson Hawk, and was blown away at the musical range he expresses on here. After hearing the versions of Metallica's songs, I've purchased the other Metallica albums, and compared the songs to the originals, and am very pleased to say that I am glad I did. In my opinion, this album makes a wonderful addition to nearly any collection, be it as an introduction to Metallica, or as a refresher as to why Metallica is still amazing. The only thing that I think would have made this better is if it had been a studio recording as opposed to a live album. I'm waiting impatiently for the next release.
6304109318|1.0|If you're having trouble to sleep, rent ( or buy ) this crap. The movie had a good premise, but the heavy direction ruined it.
630469797X|4.0|This film works as either a commentary on the society of today or an outright apocalyptic mind-blower. The reality of the situation is heightened by the opening TV station sequence and it works because it literally throws the viewer into the midst of chaos. Good direction and although most of the actors &quot;lay it on a bit thick&quot; it works. You can't help but start thinking about what YOU would do in these unbelievable situations.
B00003CXN4|5.0|This is the kind of movie that makes most other films pale by comparison. A virtuoso tour-de-force of what is so fantastic about great cinema. It pulls us in from the first few frames, and we are held in its intricate web until the very, very end. It's the kind of movie that makes you sit forward in your seat, just waiting to see what will happen next. It's watchable and enjoyable and interesting and good, but it's also disturbing, mainly in its gritty, no-holds barred realism. It is this realism, however, and Soderbergh's willingness to show the dark underbelly of the drug world, that makes the film so effective.<br />Traffic is made up of three simultaneous stories which intersect  and play off of each other to form a cohesive, multi-faceted picture of the war on drugs, and the realities of drug creation, trafficking, the criminal and law-enforcement side of drugs, as well as drug use and the ramifications of that use. Steven Soderbergh pulls a fine performance out of every single one of his actors in this film. From Benicio Del Toro, who turns in a fabulous, Oscar-winning performance as a  Mexican cop in a deadly Morality game which takes place on both sides of the border, to Michael Douglas, undoubtedly likable as a hero this time, in the role of a high-ranking Drug Enforcement Official in DC, to Catherine Zeta Jones as the pampered, unwitting wife of a drug czar in Southern California, the performances and storytelling here are flawless. Each of Soderbergh's three stars tells their story with honesty, revealing realistic ambivalence and the un-masked and mysterious imperfection of human nature. Each reveal true-to-life emotion as people caught between a rock and a hard place, with consciences and agendas at various points between. Other brilliant turns include indie favorite Don Cheadle as a law enforcement official, and the young, Julia Stiles-lookalike Erika Christensen, whose riveting, harrowing performance as the drug-addicted daughter of Douglas's character is one of the most effective 'threads' in the film. Speaking of threads, Traffic is like a patchwork quilt of sorts, with stories which intersect and come together to create a bigger, more accurate and compelling picture of one of our biggest major international problems. People pass each other unknowingly on the street, their stories happening simultaneously as in life, each person's actions rippling out to the broader sphere of this drug world, like the water in a pond. Blood is shed, lives are lost, dreams are destroyed, and new hope is born. This film definetely has the feel of a documentary, or at least a docudrama, which makes sense, because it was based on a European miniseries/documentary entitled &quot;Traffik.&quot; It is compelling because watching the film, you know or are afraid to know that there is or there may be someone out there -- a smart, but cast aside teen perhaps, on the streets of your city, shooting up for the first time, falling under the spell of a drug's poison into homelessness and prositution and addiction, if not into the arms of death itself. In this film, as in life, there are coverups and bungled operations, lies, deception, and power games. There are also good people, people who are trying to make a difference, who sometimes can and sometimes die trying, or give up at the futility they feel when being faced with such a powerful renegade army of greed and carelessness.<br />Traffic is *excellent* on all levels: cinematography, directing, pacing, plot, acting... Soderbergh pulls all these things together and makes a water-tight, unsinkable ship of a movie. Disturbing, gripping, moving, engaging, flawless. Better than his other Oscar-winning film of the moment, Erin Brockovich. By a long shot. And that was a good movie. Five stars.
B00000J7RZ|5.0|Okay, I will admit one thing: Jennifer Lopez isn't exactly the next Whitney Houston.  But despite the fact that her voice isn't perfect, it is a hell of a lot more decent than quite a few artists I've seen in the past.  She shines as an amazing actress and now a vocalist.  Her voice could definitely improve after a few singing lessons with an experienced instructor.  Among my personal fave tracks are &quot;Should've Never,&quot; &quot;If You Had My Love,&quot; &quot;Open Off My Love,&quot; and &quot;It's Not That Serious.&quot;  Great lyrics, good voice, good harmonies...I honestly don't see why everyone's having such a great time bad-mouthing Jennifer Lopez.
B00003CXFG|5.0|If your a sci-fi purist and never satisfied, don't watch this film (How could a sci-fi fan not accept whatever comes?  That is what space travel will be one day.).  But if you opt for adventure and suspense, tune in and prepare for a ride!  This film was shot in the same location as Mad Max, by the same cinematographer and I feel the same raw grit and vision.<br />From the opening scene where the choice between life and death is given to an unsuspecting pilot; through the visual breakup of the ship as it slides across the surface of a mysterious planet (and I mean visual breakup, I've never seen anything like this); to the realization that many of the passengers did not make it; this film will hold you prisoner.<br />Don't compare it to Alien!  Alien set the bar for sci-fi.  It is all by itself in &quot;deep space&quot; adventure.  Yes, the characters are stranded on a planet.  But they are not alone.  Creatures are watching and they are HUNGRY!  You will ask yourself, how did this species survive itself?  Deadly is not terminology that defines them.  Fearless will not work either.  Just demonically evil and relentless will work.<br />These creatures are silent, but not.  How the stranded humans survive their own fear is the perplexing conundrum presented in the film.  Get from point A to point B, don't think about it!  Staying alive is enough for these travelers.<br />Pitch Black does not fit the standard sci-fi formula.  Yes, there is a ship.  Yes, there are creatures.  Yes, there are humans with problems aside from the survival situation.  But, the way the director puts the puzzle together will make you want to see this one again and again.  I saw it once and bought the DVD.  It has been watched several times and I've yet to be disappointed.  DON'T HESITATE!  GET IT NOW!
B00004XOWM|5.0|This cd was not a disapointment.  Rollin and My Generation surpass any of the other songs on the cd, but the others are still great songs.  If you don't like the genre then don't write a review.  Celine Dion fans come on and want to bash the genre, but they don't even listen to this music, so they have no right to rate these CD's.  Chocolate Starfish lives up to most peoples expectations, and although it is slightly dated, it is still well worth buying.
0385335482|4.0|I could not put this book down. As a woman that likes to shop, I found  humor in the justifications Rebecca had for buying new things. This book actually made me laugh out loud-quite a few times. The letters from the credit companies and the excuses Rebecca gave to them for late payments are sure to get any reader laughing. If you're looking for a humorous, light read, this book is worth it.
0425170349|5.0|Rainbow six had me captured in it from the first few pages.  Tom Clancy has written what I feel to be one of the best novels I have ever read.  I thought his use  other cultures and psycology were brilliant, never have a read a novel that uses so much detail without losing the interest of the reader.  It is easy to be immersed in the character's emotions, for example Chavez's long wait before rainbow's first mission.  I could identify with most of the characters (probably Weber the most).  I highly recommend anyone reading this to purchase this novel, you won't be dissapointed.
B000009QO6|5.0|This Danzig cd is the best Danzig cd out there. I recomend that you buy this great cd. If you wanted to buy a good Danzig cd buy this one. Also if you like this cd buy lots more Danzig cds their really good.
B00000255F|5.0|Absolutely every song on the album is excellent, even Meeting Across the River, which is probably the weakest, is great.  Night and Backstreets both have great lyrics.  She's the One and Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out are very original.  Thunder Road, Born to Run and Jungleland are with out a doubt the best songs on the album.  I probalbly listen to Jungleland the most.<br />Anyone who likes Bruce Springsteen (and Rock music)and doesn't own this album should certinly purchase it right away.  I really doubt anyone who owns this album regrets buying it.
B000002H97|1.0|There are 2 kinds of Metallica fans, pre-black-album and post-black-album.  And that is because this album marked the death of Metallica and the birth of just-another-heavy-metal-band.  By any other band, these songs would have been awesome, but by the band that built they're fan base on bludgeoning, epic(in content and length)songs, this was a total and complete sell out.  Shorter songs, commercialized lyrics, horrific solos...it's been 10 years since its release but because the let down was so immense, I can remember it like it was yesterday.
B000002U82|5.0|This album is a masterpiece, no other word for it.  This album captures the true genius of the band, from the profound lyrics of Roger Waters to the melodic instrumentals.  The band was at it's peak here. It is so much better than &quot;The Wall&quot; because it's not &quot;by Roger Waters&quot;.  It has the band working together and doing their own songs instead of the power trip of Roger Waters. Each member took part in a song's creation here.  From the opening &quot;Speak to Me&quot; to the searing saxophone of &quot;Money&quot; to the soothing &quot;Us and Them&quot; to the trippy &quot;Brain Damage&quot; to the closing and haunting &quot;Eclipse&quot;, this album is a classic! Every single one of the songs where someone sings has been played on my radio station, and rightfully so.  It captures the band at their best, and it is their last 5-star album until &quot;The Wall&quot;, in my book (though it is still better). <br />  One warning:  Don't fall asleep listening to this album, it'll give you the weirdest dreams of your life.
B000002H2H|5.0|Man, is this one heck of a good album! Classic trash metal at its very best! It starts off with the most aggressive song ever by the band: &quot;Fight Fire With Fire&quot;. A killer opening track. Then comes &quot;Ride The Lightning&quot;, the best song on the album. Every damn second of that song is good, and it has a brilliant solo. Then we have &quot;For Whom The Bell Tolls&quot;, a slower song. &quot;Fade To Black&quot; is a more emotional piece with great solos. &quot;Trapped Under Ice&quot; is pure Metallica. Fast trash metal! &quot;Escape&quot; is not a bad song, but pales in comparsion to the other songs. But, really, when it's not bad, why complain? &quot;Creeping Death&quot; is an awesome song, and is still a live favourite. &quot;The Call Of Ktulu&quot; is a good instrumental that closes this kick-ass album. No matter how bad Metallica's music has gotten in the 90's, &quot;Ride The Lightning&quot; will always remain one of my favorite albums. A classic.
0451523938|5.0|Something strange is going on with Dr. Jekyll.  He is letting a new friend, Mr. Hyde, take over his life, and his friends don't like it.  They try to warn him that Mr. Hyde is dangerous, but Dr. Jekyll won't listen.  Only after Dr. Jekyll and a friend die tragically, does anyone learn the horrifying truth.<br />If you've seen any of the movies or the recent stage musical, please forget them when reading this book.  It is ten times better.  While most of the suspense of the book, what is Dr. Jekyll's relationship to Mr. Hyde, has been ruined since the book first came out, that is no reason to skip the book.  I was surprised to find this book is really an allegory about the struggle between good and evil in each of us.  This novella is easy to read, but gets very powerful in the last section, Dr. Jekyll's account of the case.<br />This is one classic that everyone should read.  Don't hesitate.
0060920084|1.0|As with most of Bryson's books, he reveals too much of his own personality, which is pretty distasteful.  This rather privileged baby boomer son of the American upper-middle class (he admits that his father was a well-paid sportswriter) roams across the country, finding fault with virtually everything he sees and experiences.  It's amazing and disheartening how many of his observations are just exercises in bashing the white American working class and lower-middle class, those &quot;tacky&quot; people who actually shop at K-Mart.  While in those sections that describe his travels in the Southern states he takes great pains to express his sympathy for oppressed blacks, he has no compunctions in writing about lower-class whites in language that would be considered incredibly racist if his victims were members of racial or ethnic minority groups.<br />      On the other hand, the last few chapters of the book, when he has finished his grand circuit of the United States and has finally returned to his beloved Iowa, degenerate into almost a hokey Midwestern boosterism.  He tells us ad nauseum about the wonderful, homespun virtues of the Midwest, and especially Iowa, in contrast to the alleged coldness and hostility of Westerners and Southerners.  (Perhaps people in the latter two regions had seen his photo in his previous books and recognized him, which might explain their behavior; I certainly wouldn't want any contact with Bryson.)  Ironically, Bryson chose to settle in New England when he finally returned to the United States, which suggests that his nostalgia for the good old Midwest was short-lived.<br />      I finished this book, which Bryson dedicated to his late father, with the impression that it was a kind of emotional catharsis for him after his father's death.  There seems to be a strong whiff of unfinished business about this whole work, as if it were a long apology to a parent with whom he had lost contact forever.<br />      In short, Bryson is an glib but shallow writer with a bad case of Anglophilia.  If he finds American life so repugnant, he should probably return the the U.K. permanently and take out British citizenship.
B000002UA0|5.0|This album is the first Pink Floyd 5-star album, I will say that. It shows us what a genius Syd Barrett really is. This album captures the band as they first started out, fresh and at a creative apex. This is the 2nd best Pink Floyd album that I have heard (DSOTM being #1). I didn't buy this album with high expectations but was IMMEDIATELY impressed with the psychedelic aspect. The whole album is a masterpiece. I would have loved to see Syd Barrett remain the leader of the band. But, this may not be the album for someone who is getting into Pink Floyd, but any Pink Floyd fan should have this one. It is brilliant
B000005RUX|5.0|Ok, so it's the same pearl jam album we all have had since 1991 right?  Wrong.  With the addition of &quot;Dirty Frank&quot; and &quot;Wash&quot; this CD is a must have, even if you do already have the domestic release.  I came across it at a local record store, but that was a pretty lucky find.
0380730367|5.0|Like most readers of this genre, I crave the wry comments on humanity, the suspense and the action that are endemic to mystery/suspense novels.  I found this book especially worthy because the depravity of the villian was believeable and thus truly chilling.  Most 'evil' protagonists in thrillers are simply too outlandish or stereotypic to actually cause the reader to reflect on the role of evil in the 'real' world. Here, Dennis Lehane presents an evil presence that 'feels' real and haunting.  Some of the plot twists are manipulative and predictable (e.g. the inevitable 'shootout'), but that is easily excused when one considers the fine writing and psychologic insight on display.  We have all read books in which the PI is flawed, introspective and humorous, but rarely has one been so unapologetic about his human inconsistencies. A great read.  I enjoyed it much more than the only other Lehane book that I have read, 'Gone, Baby, Gone.'  I felt that book had a needlessly complicated plot.
0375501851|3.0|...probably because I had such high hopes for it.  I enjoyed the writing style, and I think that Zadie Smith is a talented wordsmith.  Unfortunately, the plot leaves something to be desired...the novel opens up some interesting doors but doesn't seem to really go anywhere with them or forge them together into a coherent whole. <br />The main problem I had, however, was with the characters.  If your audience cannot understand your characters' motivations, it's horribly difficult to view them as human beings and care about them or take an interest in their lives.  Some of the actions and situations presented in the novel are so out of the realm of the reasonable that it was just to diffcult to suspend belief and enjoy it - I found myself spending too much time asking &quot;Why the heck would he/she/it do that?&quot;.  Perhaps that was the point - maybe the characters were supposed to be presented as stereotyped caricatures.  But if so, it did not work for me.<br />In the end, it's not a bad book, but nowhere near worthy of all the praise it's gotten.
B000001DQI|5.0|Absolutely BEAUTIFUL work here! I cannot imagine when Elton John was at a higher peak in his career than with this album! It contains the best Elton John you are ever going to see. It has his voice in awesome shape and his piano work at a all-time high! Everyone of these songs on this album should have become hits with a few exceptions. &quot;Funeral For a Friend/Love Lies Bleeding&quot; has been one of my favorite songs by him, along with &quot;Bennie and the Jets&quot;. The 11-minute masterpiece starts off with a ripping synthesizer sound, then continues into a calm instrumental with piano, then it picks up around 3:30 into it, and it becomes a rocker, then emerges into &quot;Love Lies Bleeding&quot;, which has an awesome beat to it. A song I don't hear many people talk about is &quot;Dirty Little Girl&quot;.  This is one of my favorites off of this album.  It is greaaaaat.  This album is a must-buy for anyone getting into Elton John or an Elton John fan (though I can't imagine how a fan of his would not have this album).
6303020089|4.0|this movie was amazing!I loved every part of it(except the opening credits)It kept me wondering what was going to happen and it awed me beyond belief when the truth was revealed. An excellent movie.
B000005RFQ|2.0|I like nearly every Sabbath and Purple album. This is the exception. Gillan combined with Iommi is not Black Sabbath, it's not Deep Purple and it's not &quot;Deep Sabbath&quot; but something different. Maybe the problem is that the Sabbath and the Purple sound is burned into my brain and listening to the voice of Gillan and the guitar of Iommi without really &quot;feeling&quot; the sound of one of the two bands makes me sick. Maybe I would regard this album as great if I never had listened to the two bands before. But is this actually realistic for any hard rock/metal fan on this planet?
B00000K2SC|4.0|The Matrix is a movie of dazzling special effects and equally high concepts.  Unlike many recent action movies it delves deep into themes of truth and illusion, meaning and power, good and evil and much more rather than skimming across their surface.  The premise is that a young everyman called Neo discovers that the world he knows is nothing more than an illusion designed to keep humans ignorant of the dark powers that enslave them.  Neo must open his eyes to the unpleasant realities of life, confront the dark forces and find a way to awaken everyone else to reality as well.<br />Strip away the high tech background and you find that this is a very old story, complete with miraculous deeds and healings, sacrificial love, and even resurrection.  Perhaps the greatest departure from Matrix's possible inspiration is that Jesus never said &quot;We need guns, lots of guns!&quot;<br />Still, in the end, the outcome doesn't depend on guns, or kung fu, of any of the other forms of violence that abound here.  The creators of matrix use cinematic action to draw the audience in and to build excitement, but they are too wise to suggest that &quot;more guns&quot; is the way evil can ever be defeated.<br />It works well as escapist action fare, but Matrix is actually much more.  Every scene is filled with hidden meanings, and the conclusion is a triumph.  It is well worth watching and think about!
0679879269|5.0|Wonderful! Mr. Pullman concludes the His Dark Materials Trilogy fantasticly!  Though provoking and heart-wrenching, it turned me into an insomniac.  Yes, there were some loose ends, but that's why he's writing The Book of Dust, to explain things more clearly.  All of the people who are crying &quot;Blasphamy!&quot;, it's just like yelling &quot;Burn!&quot; at a witch trial!  Get over it, it's just a book.  You didn't have to read it!  But please notice that you are a minority in this case.  A must read and destined to be a classic(if close-minded people don't ban it first)
B00003CXFU|5.0|This is definately a high-point in Julia Roberts' career. I could have done without the language, but the movie itself was inspiring. I enjoyed it because it showed that even when it seems you're down on your luck, you may stumble into something that can change your life and make all that stumbling worthwhile. The most inspiring thing about this movie is that it's a true story. This movie is a must-see. I highly recommend it.
B000002B7O|4.0|I love the strange title track. It's my favourite Ozzy song from his solo material. (Is it necessary to say that my all time favourite Black Sabbath song is Megalomania?) Believer, Tonight and Over The Mountains are other excellent songs on the CD. The other tracks are good, some like S.A.T.O. feature brilliant guitar work. Beside the first solo album this is Ozzy's best CD.
B000001Y79|5.0|I first got this album in 96, but then stopped listening to it a couple of years later when I lost the CD... anyway, I recently heard it again at a friends house and remembered why I loved it so much, and simply had to rush out to get another copy.<br />This is one of those rare CDs that you can listen right through without having to skip any tracks. I'd say there are maybe 5 absolute classics, 6 very good tracks and 3 okay ones. My absolute fave track on here is probably &quot;Happy Now&quot;. Gwen just sounds so strong in the track, the lyrics really hit you (&quot;You killed the pair / now only one is breathing / there's no looking back / this time I mean it / are you happy now?&quot;). I also love the two biggest singles from the set, &quot;Don't Speak&quot; and &quot;Just A Girl&quot;, both are classics in their own right, and I've never met anyone who doesn't like these two. My other two favorite tracks are &quot;Sunday Morning&quot; (sounds good on the live version if you can find the import single), and &quot;Excuse Me Mr&quot;.<br />One of the great things about No Doubt are the lyrics. There's none of this &quot;I love you and can't live without you&quot; drivel that packs most albums these days, but every track here has some kind of significance behind it. If you read the lyrics to the title track, you should be able to draw the links between what they are saying and Disneyland (the &quot;Magic Kingdom&quot; becoming the &quot;Tragic Kingdom&quot;).<br />This album impressed me enough to make me buy two other No Doubt albums - The Beacon Street Collection is in a similar vein to this one, but a little more hit-and-miss, but tracks like &quot;Open The Gate&quot;, &quot;Greener Pastures&quot; and &quot;Dog House&quot; make it worth the purchase. Return Of Saturn (their latest release) is kinda weird... it's not as instantly accessible as Tragic Kingdom, but gets better with each listen.
0440180295|3.0|L: So, what did you think of the book? Did it go pretty smoothly for you? M: Yes, I actually finished it pretty quickly. L: I was able to read through it fast at first, but there were so many random parts that a lot of times I had to read sections twice before I understood everything. M: I thought it was kind of choppy, and a lot of the time when I finished reading a chapter, I was confused. I think one of the best words to describe the book is &quot;random.&quot; L: Sometimes I wondered if maybe Vonnegut was trying to be random on purpose, because war can be really confusing and complicated like that. Like when someone is a soldier and they are not really sure where they are and they get disoriented and they don't know why they keep fighting because they don't understand everything about why the war is going on, just like when we were reading and we didn't understand all the parts of the book and how they connected and why we continued reading. M: I never thought of it that way, Laura! Interesting analogy. An example of the randomosity from chapter six: &quot;And Billy worked his hands in his muff as he marched. His fingertips, working there in the hot darkness of the muff, wanted to know what the two lumps in the lining of the little impresario's  were. The fingertips got inside the lining. They palpated the lumps, the pea-shaped thing and the horseshoe-shaped thing. The parade had to halt by a busy corner. The traffic light was red. M: I totally remember that quote from the book because I kept laughing at the work &quot;muff.&quot; And I kept thinking to myself, &quot;What does this have to do with the story?&quot; What do you think about the quote, Laura? L: There were definetely many instances when paragraphs seemed to just come out of the blue. Sometimes there were important issues that I thought about because of different things that happened in the book, but a lot of the time I was just bewildered. M: I thought the book had some interesting ideas about war,since it is an anti-war book. Like, war is unstoppable. I liked how Vonnegut compared it to a glacier-there's no use trying to get rid of it, because it will always be there, no matter what. L: So it goes M: Ha ha, that's a good one. L: Vonnegut writes &quot;So it goes&quot; whenever death is mentioned in the book, which is very often. Usually it comes up after a human dies, but a few times it came up about other things, like plants, or book reviews. Do you think everything in the world is sort of alive? M: Sure, I think things are alive, but I'm not sure if they have feelings like humans do. They might to a certain extent, but I don't think a plant feels the same way I do! L: Let's start talking about the aliens M: This is a topic I really like. Those little green creatures crack me up. L: They sure did do a lot of crazy stuff! One of my favorites parts is when the Tralfamadorians explain how it takes something like 7 genders to make a baby. M: Or what about the part when Billy and Montana were getting it on, and the aliens watched like it was some kind of entertainment, and they (the aliens) treated them (billy and Montana) like they were some kind of animals being observed in a zoo, and it's weird to think how we watch animals in a zoo, and the aliens watched humans in their own &quot;zoo-like&quot; environment. It brought to mind a line from a popular song-You and me baby ain't nothing but mammals so let's do it like they do on the Discovery Channel L: Yeah! I bet if we watched ourselves (humans) from a distance, we would see a lot of pretty weird stuff occurrring. Sometimes we act strange, and do things that don't really make sense...just like Vonnegut doesn't always seem to make sense! M: Would you recommend this book to a friend, Laura? L: Hmm...I think it's a really important book, and it's a classic and stuff. It made me think a lot and I'm glad I've read it. I guess I would tell people they should read it when they are ready, and if they get a little confused, that's okay. M: So it goes L: Our review is dead now.
B00003CXN4|5.0|Steven soderberg vividly presented several distinct yet interconnected story lines. There's the Kentucky Judge (douglas)who learns that fighting drugs begins at home. There's Helena (Zeta-Jones), a wealthy matron who discovers upon his arrest that her husband is really a drug dealer. there's a Mexican policeman(Del-Toro)trying to stay clean and escape from the corruption surrounding him. there's also two DEA officers trying to nail Helena's husband. this movie is never preachy, although sometimes it feels like a documentary. Del-Toro gives a rousing performance, as does Catherine Zeta-Jones and Erika Christensen. (Micheal douglas' character could have used some work)This movie basically comments on the morass that is the drug problem in this country today.
6300213129|4.0|This episode is about Charlie, a boy raised from birth by aliens. Reminiscent of stranger in a Strange land by Robert Heinlein except that Charlie is spoiled and unprincipled.<br />Charlie's naive attempts to court Yoeman Rand and Kirk's fumbling attempts at educating young Charlie make this a very watchable episode. As Charlie grows more aware of the extent of his powers, the episode becomes more exciting. Unfortunately, the resolution of the problem is not very satisfactory.<br />Uhura gets to sing, but the lyrics to her songs are horrid. If you rewatch the episode, you may want to remind yourself of your VCR's fast-forward button.<br />Still, this is decent Star Trek episode that deserves to be watched and considered.
B00003CWTI|2.0|I am not unintelligent, but I do not get the frogs.  I understand the Biblical reference to Exodus 8:2.  I understand that the frogs were one of the ten plagues.  But I do not understand what they have to do with this movie.  I have read through many of the 4 and 5 star reviews and I saw a lot of people who liked the film and thought it was the wrok of genuis, but no one gave any evidence that they actually understood the frogs.  So am I missing something here guys?  Ifso help me please!  The movie was interesting at parts, and notso interesting in other areas, but it was very long and the ending was very unsatisfying to me.
B00004SC3M|4.0|this movie had wonderful and entertaining gadgets, yet it did not have much of a plot. Sean connery and Catherine Zeta-Jones had no chemistry.(probably because she's less than half his age) The ending is too hunky-dory, too easy. I do suggest renting this movie,if not only for the gadgets. This was definately not CZ-J's or Sean Connery's best performance. (look at mask of Zorro or a James Bond movie for Their best performances)
B000007R1A|3.0|I bought this album few years ago, in normal stereo, but dts audio effect is great. But when I saw the notes inside the booklet, some musicians were missed in some songs and I got surprised when Jamie Oldaker on the drums not compare on the notes of some songs and other musicians like him too (see &quot;Steady Rollin' man&quot; song). I think is a bad error. There are only three, four lines per song instead the five, six of the first CD edition: if the production needs paper, call me!
014028009X|4.0|I have been waiting for the film to come out at the pictures as the book is fantastic.  The book will probably be better than the film with is more than often the case.  I hope that Hugh Grant will be able to do his part justice as i dont rate him very highly.  The book gripped from the beginning and i began to see through Miss Jones eyes and see the world through her eyes.  This book will make you laugh and this book will make you cry.  If you have seen the film then read the book and you will be even more impressed
B00003CXC7|5.0|Alfred Hitchcock is considered by most to be the master of suspense.  I believe he was also a master of understanding human nature.  He intuitively understood that human beings are voyeurs by nature, not in the perverted sense, but in the curious sense.  We are a species that slows down to look at accident scenes and steals furtive glances at lovers in the park who are oblivious to everything but each other.  A major appeal of cinema and television is that they offer us an opportunity for guilt free voyeurism.  When we watch a film, aren't we in essence looking through a window and watching people who behave as if they don't realize we are there?<br />Hitchcock realized this and took voyeurism to the next level, allowing us to watch a voyeur as he watched others.  While \\"Rear Window\\" as a whole is probably not quite at a level with \\"Vertigo\\" (which was far more suspenseful and mysterious with a powerful musical score) as a cinematic accomplishment, it is more seductive because it strikes closer to our human obsessions.  Hitchcock's mastery is most evident in his subtle use of reaction scenes by the various characters.  We watch an event that Jeff (James Stewart) is watching and then Hitchcock immediately cuts to his reaction.  This is done repeatedly in various layers even with the other tenants as they interact with one another.  For instance, in the scene with Miss Lonelyheart (Judith Evelyn), we see her throw out the man who made a pass at her and then we see her reaction after she slams the door, followed by the reaction of Jeff and Lisa (Grace Kelly).  In another scene, Detective Doyle (Wendell Corey) sees Lisa's nightclothes and presumes she will be staying the night.  Hitchcock shows the suitcase, then Doyle's reaction, and then he goes to Jeff who points his finger at him and says \\"Be Careful, Tom\\".  This elegant scene takes a few seconds and speaks volumes with little dialogue.  Such technique gets the viewer fully involved, because if we were there this isexactly what we would be doing, watching the unfolding events and then seeing how others around us responded.  In essence, it puts us in the room with them.<br />Hitchcock was a stickler for detail.  For instance, he aimed the open windows so they would show subtle reflections of places in the apartment we couldn't see directly.  However, there were certain details included or excluded that were inexplicable.  Would Thorwold really be scrubbing the walls with the blinds open?  Would Lisa be conspicuously waving at Jeff while Stella (Thelma Ritter) was digging up the garden?  Moreover, wouldn't Lisa have taken off her high heels before climbing a wall and then a fire escape?  This film had numerous small incongruities that are normally absent from Hitchcock films.  Though these are picayune criticisms, they are painfully obvious in the film of a director known to be a compulsive perfectionist.<br />The acting is superb in this film.  Jimmy Stewart is unabashedly obsessed as the lead character.  Photographers have an innate visual perceptiveness and the ability to tell a story with an image and Stewart adopts this mindset perfectly.  Grace Kelly has often been accused of being the \\"Ice Maiden\\" in her films, yet in this film she is assertive and even reckless.  Though cool at times, she is often playful and rambunctious.  I always enjoy Thelma Ritter's performances for their honesty and earthiness and this is another example of a character actor at her best.  Raymond Burr often doesn't get the recognition he deserves for this role, which is mostly shot at a distance with very few lines.  Yet, he imbues Thurwold with a looming nefariousness using predominantly physical acting.<br />This film was rated number 42 on AFI's top 100 of the century sandwiched between \\"Psycho\\" (#18) and \\"Vertigo\\" (#61).  I personally think more highly of \\"Vertigo\\" but it is a minor distinction, because I rated them both 10/10.  \\"Rear Window\\" is a classic, a masterpiece of filmmaking techniquefrom a director who was a true pioneer of suspense.
B000002UAU|5.0|reading all the reviews i keep on wondering if you don't like the beatles why by the c.d. at all. or the reviews that say to buy a zepplin c.d. instead you can't compare because both are 2 differnt types of bands. And for the people who say hendrix and cream made better albums should check out the fact that hendrix and clapton hung out with the beatles (as well as the stones) and watched what they did closely. I love all those bands and im a stones fan as well but stones fans are quick to point out teh negatives of the beatles and think everything the stones did is gold. the phony tours and albums they do now is digusting. stones fans should be appaled that their heros sold out. i'm off on a tangent getting back to the album. I dont think everything the beatles did is gold and am a beatlemanic. \\"help\\" is ther weakest album. 'sgt peppers\\" is a masterpiece for it's time. But so is \\"pet sounds\\" \\"exile on mainstreet\\" \\"blonde on blonde\\" etc. it does define a time and an era. I think the problem is that it is to overanalyzed. it is not the first concept album. that title belongs to sinatras \\"in the wee small hours\\" but it brought th idea to rock and roll. as a whole the album works. not just the effects but the arrangements as well. I know i'm not talking about the songs in general because i think everyone knows all the songs. \\"within you without you\\" is not a bad song, ti just could have been edited. Despite this album being a mccartney concept of the beatles as a fictious band this is the one album that lennon and mccartney co-wrote almost all the songs with the exception of the title track \\"fixing a hole\\" and \\"lovely rita\\". this is a great album. overanalyzed not overrated. if you like it I would also suggest \\"pet sounds\\" by the beach boys, \\"the notorious byrd brothers\\" by the byrds, \\"forever chabges\\" by love, and even though stones fans don't like it (im a stones fan as well as a beatle fan by the way) \\"their satanic majesties request\\" by the stones.
B000005ILF|5.0|I grew up on the Police, and got hooked on Sting in college, but this is one of those albums I bought, listened to once, and popped into a dusty corner of my bookcase.<br />Maybe I just wasn't ready for it yet, but a couple years later, a friend of mine insisted I give it another listen. I couldn't believe what incredible music had been gathering dust in my bookshelf for two years.<br />This CD is easily one of my favorites now. &quot;I was Brought to My Senses&quot; is Sting's best song since his days with the Police, and the rest of the album is sad and achingly beautiful. I just wish he had somehow released &quot;Ghost Story&quot; from Brand New Day on this album in place of &quot;Let Your Soul...&quot; -- the only song I skip on the entire CD. <br />If you didn't like it at first, wait until a melancholy winter day and try it again. It may not cheer you up, but it'll make being sad seem worthwhile.
B000056NX4|3.0|I enjoyed this video, but I still prefer the 1973 movie.  Maybe it's because I have seen it so much and when I think of the songs and characters, those are the ones I think of.  Overall, though, I enjoyed this production and am glad I bought it.  My biggest problem with both versions, however, is the fact that they end with the crucifixion.  Jesus rose from the dead.  Why isn't this displayed.  This alone ruins both productions for me.
B00004Y6Q5|5.0|If you've seen the movie, you understand why this soundtrack is so moving.  If you haven't, the music may seem a little melodramatic or repetitive.  Personally, having seen the movie, every song has a jarring memory from the very, VERY disturbing movie.  Even just the music evokes such emotion.  I think the music is beautiful regardless, but if you really like the soundtrack, see the movie.. it will mean so much more.  Kronos Quartet does an amazing job with this haunting music.  A must-see-must-buy!!!
0684867621|4.0|..then you know the kinds of things that can play tricks on your mind. Imagine you are a scared little girl, with only a bag lunch to eat, and no clue on how to get out. Thats the mind set you have to be in to begin to read this book.  Many will tell you that this book is about spirituality, or finding yourself, or whatever.  But this basically comes down to the mind games you play when you are in total solitude, and the with the absense of normal 20th century comforts, how vulunerable you indeed are. This book does show however, that despite that you may be mad at your loved ones, or feel like you hate the position you are in, it is still best to be amongst the ones you love, and in your current position, because that is better than the alternative, which is solitude and lonliness. Read this book, its a quick read, easy to understand, and it might make you appreciate your comforts, and even like the little annoyances that normally would drive you nuts.
B00004Z1MN|5.0|The year 2000 wasn't very good in the movie department.  Remember the Titans and Frequency were the only good films I've seen that came out that year.  Frequency just so happens to be the most underrated year of 2000.  Still, both are excellent movies that one (who is old enough to stand a few scenes of violent/gorey content) should consider viewing.<br />Frequency is the story of John's (James Caviezel) realization that he can talk to his presently dead father through his old radio.  Through this new discovery, John saves his father's, Frank's (Dennis Quaid, who also gave a great performance in the wonderful movie Dragonheart), life, which triggers a series of serial murders.  One of the new victims include Frank's wife, and John's mother.  While trying to save the other victims, the two have to find out who the serial killer is, and stop him.<br />This movie is just a classic.  It makes you laugh, makes you cry (I can't remember if I did, but just in case I did, I'll mention it anyway), and makes you remember how important the family is.  I highly recommend this film.  Oh, yeah, one more thing-I would recommend watching this movie twice or watching it with someone who has watched it before and can explain what's going on before passing judgement.  Luckily, I watched this movie for the first time on home video and had my mom with me to explain things to me (she had already seen it in movie theaters).  Also, if after watching Dennis Quaid's (as well as everyone else's) great performance, and you want to see another excellent movie he's been in, I would highly recommend Dragonheart, which is also featured on this website.
0553212478|5.0|\\"Frankenstein&quot; is Mary Shelley's first novel written in 1818 It is turned to everyone: young people, who are still in the search for their own identity, adults who will be called to reconsider some well-forgotten moments of their life, and all pleasure seeking readers. This novel is influenced by Mary Shelley's personal misfortune. The aspiration for writing the story appeared in a peculiar way, and so strange is the content. It is not an everyday chance to find and read such a novel. It follows the characteristic features of the novels of the nineteenth century--it is as if not directly retold by the author. Mary Shelley is hidden somewhere behind the story of the characters. And this makes the novel not only sound real, but also even-handed, and thus credibility is established. \\"Frankenstein\\" is in the form of letters, and the story sounds as though it is directed and created for the reader. The Epistolary technique brings the reader into the action. A letter is something extremely personal and dear, and by making the reader part of it, the whole experience is more than just reading a book.  The fact that the book is still widely read and studied is because Mary Shelley addresses issues that are timeless. This is one of the basic merits of the novel. The monster is the embodiment of men's defiance and disrespect of Nature. So we are confronted with questions about the importance of human life, the responsibilities one should bear for what she does, the availability of happiness in one's life, and the prejudices of society towards the one who is different. But what is most valuable in the book  is not  posing questions, but rather lighting the way to find the answers.  After reading this book, one is called to rethink her values and her place in the modern society. Mary Shelley's book imposes a philosophical issue of whom we really are -creatures learned to conform to society, living by its norms, with its consciousness. We subconsciously hide our feelings from the rest of the society. Thus we may lose them and become rational creatures, losing touch with our identity and individuality. Reading such books brings not only pleasure, but also acumen into our own psyche. So by opening the first pages of Mary Shelley' s masterpiece--Frankenstein, you are on the verge of savoring the authenticity and originality of this literary creation.rom the rest of the society. Thus we may lose them and become rational creatures, losing touch with our identity and individuality. Reading such books brings not only pleasure, but also acumen into our own psyche. So by opening the first pages of Mary Shelley' s masterpiece--Frankenstein, you are on the verge of savoring the authenticity and originality of this literary creation.
B00001OH7X|2.0|Lodger was a stumble for Bowie after the incredibly well written and performed music of Station to Station, Low, and Heroes. A small group of fans see brilliance in the mess, but other than DJ and African Night Flight, most of the CD deserves gathering dust.
6305648522|5.0|Being a newcomer to foreign films, I read reviews to assist me in selecting those cinematic films that seem worth purchasing.  That being said:  I am not a critic, let alone an &quot;expert&quot; in foreign films, however, I had to &quot;review&quot; this movie because it is such a gem!  I won't analyse nor try to explain the movie.  All I want to say is I LOVE this movie!!  Whether you are a beginner or a veteran to foreign films, I highly recommend this film as one of your MUST-SEE's!!  I am proud to add this DVD to my collection and will share it with the world.
6305546789|5.0|The March 10, 2001 reviewer is quite wrong.  There are indeed references to other horror films in Carpenter's 1978 masterpiece.  The whole sequence of the children watching horror movies is a tribute to &quot;The Thing&quot; and &quot;Forbidden Planet&quot;, clips of both of which are shown on the television.  The shot of Myers standing outside the house, in eerie silhouette, is taken over from 1960's Psycho.  Final note:  &quot;Halloween&quot; is a masterpiece.  Beyond praise.
0671319809|4.0|If Manticore's politicians are so short-sighted and bound by personal enmity and cynical politics that they won't let the RMN make use of Hinor's talents and abilities, rest assured that Protector Benjamin and *his* Admiralty are not.<br />The People's Republic of Haven has begun to swing the tide of battle a bit; if not actually in its own favour so far, at least a bit less one-sidedly toward Manticore.<br />While this book certainly has its quota of lasers, grasers and missiles and deadly space warfare, the more important parts are politics on Grayson, the religion-dominated world where Honor has been made the first female Steadholder (roughly a Royal Duke in terms of our own peerages, and very much the great feudal lord that such a title once implied).<br />On half-pay from the Manty Navy, she is invited to join the Grayson one -- as an Admiral.  She does, and the usual results of giving Honor Harrington spaceships to play with ensue. (This woman attracts Forlorn Hope Last Stands like Jessica Fletcher atttracts murderers...)<br />Meanwhile, on Grayson, various reactionary elemsnts, offended at the thought of a woman having power, and even more offended that Honor had made no attempt to hide her relationship with her late lover, are trying to stir up bogotry and hatred against her...  And some of them are very powerful men, indeed; men who will stop at nothing to discredit her, even if it means the deaths of countless innocents -- possibly even their own people!<br />But what this book is mostly notable for, in my opinion, is that it shows us more of the Grayson State Church of Humanity Unbound, and its God the Tester...  And of Reverend Hanks, the physically but spiritually great man who stands at its head; a truly Good Man in the way so few, even religious, are truly Good Men.  ((David swears he is *not* based on Archdeacon (later Bishop) Pinckney of the Diocese of Upper South Carolina, who we both had the good fortune of knowing while we were kids and he he was Archdeacon in charge of missions in that diocese, but i cannot imagine any other face or voice for him...))<br />And there is a terrible crime -- two terrible crimes, actually -- that shake Grayson and its society to their roots.<br />And Honor must stand, literally sword in hand, to being justice to a traitor...<br />Good read.<br />((In interests of total candour, i am David Weber's elder brother))Archdeacon in charge of missions in that diocese, but i cannot imagine any other face or voice for him...))<br />And there is a terrible crime -- two terrible crimes, actually -- that shake Grayson and its society to their roots.<br />And Honor must stand, literally sword in hand, to being justice to a traitor...<br />Good read.<br />((In interests of total candour, i am David Weber's elder brother))
0452282152|4.0|Written in the spare style typical of 17th century fiction, this little book answers the question, &quot;Who is the girl in the painting?&quot;  So often a painter conveys a world to us in a glance, as Vermeer accomplished so effectively in his &quot;Girl with a Pearl Earring.&quot;  In her novel, Chevalier provides the canvas of life in the Netherlands at the time, and shows us the master artist through the eyes of a typical, if particularly observant, young woman.  Her innate appreciation of the fundamentals of art shine like the pearl against the dross of her existence.
B00005AAFS|5.0|I don't know what the hell they're saying but I like the music!
6305648522|5.0|Some time ago an Italian friend lent me the italian version of this movie ... A whole 20 minutes of this version  was cut out in the rest of the world !!! I was shocked with this for the italian version gives you a whole new approach to the end of the movie!
B00003BDXG|3.0|When I first saw Natural Born Killers, I expected ultraviolence and a media satire but what I was stuck watching was a movie about two crazy lovers that come from disturbed families and that drive around inside a deranged and diseased world. I didn't like it. Too much experimentation with techniques and not much use of acting or emotion. The only real emotion NBK has is of rage and hatred, against everything but towards the world and the american society in particular. If you watch the short behind the scenes documentary Chaos Rising that can be watched on this DVD, Oliver Stone says that he was sick and tired of all the lies that we are fed with in our every day life. Which explains why he made a movie like this. The DVD edition of this movie is better in my opinion because you also get six extended and deleted scenes and one alternate ending. The commentary track by director Stone is good and informative. And the violence that was cut from the theatrical release is all here. Most people that like the film says that it is about media satire but it is not. The script written by Quentin Tarantino is about the media satire (and even revolves around the reporter Wayne Gale and his team) but what the viewer is left with in the finished film is a movie about the breakdown of the human society. <BR>All characters in the movie is totally over the top, which is good, but also totally crazy. Woody Harrelson and Juliette Lewis as Mickey &amp; Mallory Knox make good performances as well as Robert Downey Jr as Wayne Gale (as a Geraldo Rivera look a like with the mouth of australian Steve Dunleavy), Tom Sizemore as Jack Scagnetti and Tommy Lee Jones as warden Dewight McClusky (spelled as in the script) but they are all too annoying to watch and the only one that is left is native american Russel Means in a short but really good role. The movie is still, in my opinion a loud and disturbed look of a society gone bad which misses it's tar!get far too many times. With all extras theDVD edition is the ultimate version of Stone's film. But it is still a movie that is hard to watch and that's the whole point.
0380973464|5.0|I admit it. I'm a geek. Always have been, always will be. I make most of my living convincing computers to transform radar signals into graphs and plots useful for aeronomers. This book was one of my favorite novels of all time. <br />I bought my brother-in-law (he used to paint his own D&amp;D figures, that gives him a solid geek pedigree) a copy for his birthday. Three days later he called me to voice obscenities: &quot;You @%$#! That's the best book I've ever read and I can't put it down ... but it's 900 PAGES!!!&quot; <br />I enjoy Stephenson's style. He dances between story lines, weaving a tale of espionage, counter-espionage, information-age hi jinks, and a lost fortune. He paints pictures that a non-visual person (like myself) can =SEE=, but without breaking the action. Frequently the story suggests, then moves on, allowing the reader to fill in the obvious.<br />Four stars for an interesting plot. Five stars for inventing the proto-cyberpunk genre. Five stars for a graceful dance between story lines, images, and suggestion. Altogether a pleasant experience. Don't miss it if you're a geek. If you're not already a geek, it's worth becoming one just to appreciate this book!<br />(If you'd like to respond to this review, please click on the &quot;about me&quot; link above and drop me an email. Thanks!)
B00002MZ4W|5.0|I purchased this CD on a whim after seeing the video for &quot;Paper Bag&quot;, and I haen't regretted it for a second. Fiona Apple is extremly talanted, and I'm addicted to her songs. If you buy one CD your entire life, please, buy this one.
B00000IAU3|5.0|soft, easy, pleasant music to listen to. Meaningful and definately worth having. &quot;thank you&quot; got some good radio play. I also think &quot;here with me&quot; would be great to put on the radio. You can trully feel the emotions behind the lyrics of her songs, &quot;Don't think of me&quot; is a prime example of this. Put it on your shelf soon!
B000002C1W|5.0|just the get the record straight.....lapse is one of the best pink floyd albums. Learning to fly and ON the turning away are all time classics. It was a needed experience for pink floyd.
B0000004V2|5.0|it doesn't matter if you were around in 1989 to know about this.  frankly, it's just too damn good to ever ignore.  most people who enjoy music (here comes a sweeping generalization) want either to be able to dance to it or they want a good piece of songwriting.  to be honest, it's a superhuman task to reconcile these two qualities.  that's where the stone roses came in.  i mean you could dance to elvis, but who wants to look like their parents anyway?  if you've never heard this album, think of what would happen if you crossed duran duran (assuming you like them) and the beatles.  it's crazy stuff indeed.  &quot;i wanna be adored&quot; was the first song i loved, and it's hard not to with its throbbing bassline implying a subtle dance beat, layered with some catchy guitar riffs.  not to mention the rock'n'roll arrogance that pervades the album.  who else can pull off singing &quot;you adore me,&quot; or &quot;i am the resurrection,&quot; with such nonchalance as to wholly expect nobody to disagree.  and not a soul will speak up.  there are more classic pop pleasures here, notably on &quot;elephant stone&quot; and &quot;she bangs the drums&quot; but that rhythm section keeps things fresh with the dance thing.  &quot;made of stone&quot; is perhaps the most harrowing song on the album, and it stands out a bit, though not it a bad way.  musically, it flows very well.  some songs do resonate more over time, such as &quot;fools gold&quot; the most dancy track here, again pulled off with that familiar swagger that exudes brilliance, but every song is monumental and necessary.  it's hard to fault the band for never really matching this again, though their follow up is largely ignored and unjustly so.  too much hype surrounded this debut because it kickstarted an entire ecstasy-dance-madchester-whatever movement.  the album was so good it stood up to that hype and kicked it around a little, but no group could ever follow this up.  what does that mean to you then?  if you like music at all, you must at least give this a chance.  i don't think i could say that for any other album.  this could potentially satisfy anyone who really loves music, and it's something that may never be repeated again.  too much praise?  maybe.  judge for yourself, if you're skeptical.
0385486804|4.0|Into the Wild tells the story of Chris &quot;Alex Supertramp&quot; McCandless, and it's a fascinating story. Throughout the book, I felt a sort of tension - on the one hand, I admired McCandless's idealism and intelligence. But at the same time, he struck me as incredibly arrogant, reckless, and unaware (or unconcerned) about how his actions affected other people - especially his own family. At two points, I found myself absolutely furious with McCandless - first, when he deliberately tries to hurt his parents by cutting them out of his life, and secondly when his recklessness and foolish advice end up essentially ruining the life of Ronald Franz, a lonely old man who befriended McCandless.<br />Despite my anger, I couldn't help but be interested in McCandless's story. He was an intelligent, charismatic, and fascinating person - but he was also an incredibly furstrating and infuriating person. That tenion makes Into the Wild an engrossing read.
B000056K04|4.0|When Dave Mathews Band came out with their new cd i didn't know how good it was going to be.  After listening to it a couple of times I really got into it.  I enjoy their cd crash the most but this is a great change for the band.  This cd sounds more like Before These Crowded Streets.  Overall the cd is a good one and is probably the second best one.  What really makes Dave is if the songs sound good live, if that happens then the album will be a success.
B000002NAK|5.0|&quot;Evita,&quot; the soundtrack to the film version of the musical play, is noteworthy for a number of reasons. But one of the aspects of this double CD that most intrigues me is the fact that we have a contemporary cultural icon (Madonna) portraying another cultural icon from an earlier generation (Eva Peron, the late First Lady of Argentina). But that curious fact aside, this double CD is an excellent collection of music. The emotionally rich music of Andrew Lloyd Webber, the illuminating lyrics of Tim Rice, and the performances of a fine cast (principally Madonna, Antonio Banderas, Jonathan Pryce, and Jimmy Nail) come together splendidly.<br />The story of Eva &quot;Evita&quot; Peron unfolds like a classic tragedy: a girl from the wrong side of the tracks rises to a position of power and influence, only to be undone by an element beyond her control.<br />These discs are a triumphant response to all those critics who have, for years, said that Madonna's talent lies more in marketing than in singing. The role of Evita is complex and demanding, and Madonna really rises to the challenge. Her performance is both fine singing and fine acting.<br />I was pleasantly surprised by the performance of Madonna's costar, Antonio Banderas. Yes, his command of the English lyrics seems a bit shaky at the start of his first big number, disc one's &quot;Oh What a Circus.&quot; But Banderas quickly gains control of the material, and ultimately delivers a triumphant performance that matches that of Madonna. His performance on disc two's &quot;High Flying, Adored&quot; is particularly skillful, and full of emotion.<br />One of my favorite childhood memories consists of listening to the recording of the original Broadway cast of &quot;Evita,&quot; so I approached the Madonna version with a little hesitation. But I found this double CD to be as stirring and as beautiful as the first version of my memory. My thanks and congratulations to all involved.
B000002WYT|5.0|This has to be the best Dave cd that there is out their with exception of the live albums.  With hits like Too much to say, Tripping Billies, Drive in Drive out how can anyone not enjoy this cd.  Starting from the first track you can listen to it all the way through.  Overall the cd is the best that they have produced.
B00002Z88D|4.0|If this album had some awesome songs like The Unforgiven II (That's right, the second one, not the first one), Fade to Black and Fixxxer instead of lame songs like Bleeding Me and Nothing Else Matters, it would be perfect. At the end, James says &quot;Same time next year.&quot; Does that mean they have another recording like this? I want to hear an orchestrated version of Fixxxer, smeggit!!
014028009X|5.0|This book is positively hysterical.  No, it's not the most educational piece of work you'll ever come across, but for good, plain fun, Bridget Jones's Diary is the way to go.  The best part about the book, in my opinion, was not the hilarious interaction between Bridget and Company (though that's definitely what adds to the book's appeal), but the way the book is simply REAL.  It sounds as though it could be you or I could be writing in our own diaries, about our nagging mothers, our smug friends, or our lousy boyfriends; yet Fielding successfully mangages to make the book funny, not whiny or irritating.  Don't wait for the movie before reading this-- I don't think it could possibly be as witty or entertaining.
B000056K04|3.0|Simply put -- this album abides by the Law of Thirds (a law that I think I just created).  1/3 of the album is great, 1/3 of it is alright, and 1/3 of the album stinks.<br />This differs from just about every other Dave Matthews Band album that you listen to without even thinking about switching tracks.
0684853523|4.0|This book will make a worthy addition to any aspiring writer or Stephen King fans bookshelf. The book is divided into roughly three sections. The first, is a compelling chronicle of his formative writing years, is both funny; the confiscation of his magazine &quot;The Village Vomit&quot; at school in particular, and inspiring; the news that even a writer like SK not immune to the idignities of the dreaded rejection slip, will bring solace to many a fledgling writer. The next section, is a nut's and bolts no-nonsense guide to the business of writing fiction. He tackles  a variety of subjects including; grammer, style, plot, creating realistic dialogue and much more. His commentary is interspersed with a wide cross section of examples from literature for further clarity. The book finishes (well not quite, I won't spoil it for you) with a touching recollection of the horrific accident that near paralized him and his slow rehabilitation back to health. The piece is written with a remarkable lack of bitterness toward the perpetraitor of the accident and King deserves some kudos for candidly being able to delve into such a dark subject matter. Clear, concise and crammed full of practical advice, who could want for more?
0385474547|5.0|Every time I read this book, I find things I hadn't seen before.  It's deceptively simple.  I read it in college, and filed it away mentally for years.  Beyond the vivid (and interesting) descriptions of West African village life, it hadn't made much of an impression.<br />I'm a college professor now, and last year for the first time I assigned this novel to my students.  Much to my surprise, they LOVED it.  We talked about the book for a week.  The following semester I assigned it again, and had similarly excellent results.<br />I've read it three times now, and keep finding subtleties:  symbols, hidden meanings, shades of things to come.  As a teacher, I think the trick is:  1) save the book until the students are about 20 years old, so they're mature enough to really dig into it,  and 2) don't tell them much about the book - just let them encounter it on their own, fresh and new, and see what happens.
0785787135|3.0|I was reccommended this book by many enthusiastic people, and it has been a wonderful read, but I have some problems with some people's comments. True, one of the positive aspects of the books is the female focus, but it is also the source of its faults, too. It makes the male characters sadly one-dimentional (even Lancelet, who is given a facinating new character) and it results in the conflict of religions being not-so-subtly slanted toward the paganistic tradition of Avalon. I think the point of that part of the story is to show two seperate sides who are devoted to their faith blindly condemn the opposing side, although the book focuses too much on how ignorant and oppressive Christianity was (though the Middle Ages was not a wonderful time for Christianity) and how wise and natural the Goddess religion is. The main fault seems to be in the delivery, not the message itself. The best part of the book, the reason you *should* read it despite its flaws, is the way it weaves together the characters and themes into a larger, striking pattern.
B00004XONN|5.0|Kid A is the most innovative album ever made.  For all the reviewers that believe that Radiohead has \\"fooled the masses\\" by putting out an album of cacophonous garbage, consider this. That may very well be the case, but there are several factors that make Kid A one of the most brilliant albums of all time.  Radiohead has already been established as one of the most talented alternative/rock groups of the 90's.  It would be fair to compare them to the painter Pablo Picasso because before Picasso unveiled his Cubist works, he had proven that he was a master painter with his realistic paintings.  When paintings such as \\"The Three Musicians\\" &amp; \\"Guernica\\" came along, they were seen as brilliant and innovative even though my little brother could have done a better job.  Why were they brilliant?  Because Picasso had already created a name for himself and proved that he was a fantastic painter.  If these negative reviewers carefully traced Radiohead's career, they would find brilliant albums such as Pablo Honey &amp; The Bends.  The Bends in particular was the beginning of the Radiohead transformation, however songs like \\"High And Dry,\\" \\"Bones,\\" &amp; \\"Just\\" proved that not only could Radiohead rock and compose beautiful songs, they proved that they were better than most of the other alternative/rock bands at that time.  The Bends was an incredible album on many levels - conceptually, the way it flowed &amp; as a stand-alone rock album.  Because Radiohead was relatively unknown even during The Bends era, many people are rediscovering that breakthrough album now. O.K. Computer just blew up and people started to recognize the Oxford quintet's brilliance, however, many people just didn't understand O.K. Computer.  People tend to fear &amp; respect things they don't understand &amp; Kid A has garnered the same respect as O.K Computer.  Some people claim that the soundscapes in Kid A have been used before a la Bartz, Laraaji, Vangelis, and Eno.  However, because of Radiohead's established brilliance, they will always be seen as the forerunners in this new medium.  Kid A could just be a collection of sounds that Radiohead put together, but considering the band's repertoire, doesn't that make them brilliant?  Die-hard fans know what the band is really like &amp; if they are not talented musicians, they certainly are talented businessmen.  Radiohead appreciation is an acquired taste.  Open your mind to the sound of the future.
B00000J6AG|3.0|The reason I bought this album, like most people, was the single &quot;South Side,&quot; a remix of which (featuring Gwen Stefani) plays on the radio. So listening to &quot;Play&quot; was somewhat of a shock, since South Side is the most rock-based song on the CD, and it dosn't have Gwen's voice in it, making it sound hollow. I was also taken aback by the lack of lyrical content (which is the main thing I look for in music), but the messages of the music are conveyed through the music -- all the electronic instruments, loops and samples come together in an artful arrangement. I'm still not crazy about it, but it is really a very good album.
B00000JGOH|5.0|Shakespeare in Love<br />Score: 87/100<br />In the year of 1998, Shakespeare in Love gathered 7 Academy Awards including Best Picture and proved that it wasn't only the big money-making/period pieces/war films/'human' dramas etc., but the comedies also get a special mention, and Shakespeare in Love deserves a very special mention because it is such a greatly moving film with plenty of romance and a bag full of laughs!<br />Will Shakespeare's (Joseph Fiennes) life is going badly. His love life is a shambles, he's always short of money, and worst of all, he has writer's block. He's supposed to be nearly finished his newest play, &quot;Romeo and Ethel the Sea Pirate's Daughter&quot;, but in fact he hasn't written a line. At a sham audition for the play, he admires a new actor, Thomas Kent, who suddenly runs away. Soon Shakespeare meets Viola de Lesseps (Gwyneth Paltrow), who lives in the same stately home as Thomas; it's love at first sight and he's inspired to begin writing the play. But by the time he realises that Thomas is Viola in disguise, she's promised in marriage to a lord, which means that Queen Elizabeth herself expects the marriage to happen. But Will and Viola find their attraction too strong to resist; they risk the wrath of her fiance with a clandestine affair, and of the law against women on stage by having &quot;Thomas&quot; play Romeo. No wonder he ends up changing the play into a tragedy...<br />John Madden's direction is solid and his take on how Romeo and Juliet came to be one of the most romantically engaging stories of all time is portrayed with dazzling style and emotional feeling. In fact, the film may be even better than the Romeo and Juliet film, which is quite astonishing and shows the film has astounding power. The only flaw in the film is its useless swordfights which create hardly any tension and involve Ben Affleck, who is very good in this film. The other actors are also extremely impressive, Joseph Fiennes commendable turn as Shakespeare is highly entertaining to watch, Gwyneth Paltrow is a lovely romantic touch, although not half as good as Cate Blanchett, the more deserving winner for 1998's Best Actress Oscar. Not to worry, though, Paltrow is still impressive, as is Geoffrey Rush, Colin Firth and Judi Dench, the movie's highlight as the argumentative and witty queen.<br />Fabulously bold and endlessly handsome, Shakespeare in Love is a great way to spend 2 hours of your day. But just one warning, you'll be spending more than 2 hours with this film. You'll watch it so many times that the hours you spend on it may add up to as high as 102!
B000002LCI|4.0|I'm writing not as an amateur critic or an 80's pop conossior, but as a teenage girl who was totally unaware of music in the 80's and until recently thought that that decade was some sort of dark age for music, since all of the 80's music programs on the radio play is shallow and has that distinct sound which I could never learn to like. Then I discovered Depeche Mode -- totally by accident, on someone's mp3 collection. The song I really fell in love with was &quot;Never Let me Down Again,&quot; for both the artful building of the music, and the way the lyrics change between joyful and darkly suggestive. Other noteable songs are &quot;Strangelove,&quot; &quot;Little 15,&quot; and &quot;I Want You Now.&quot; The only downside of the album (for me) was the remixes, which should have been on a seperate collection. I definitely reccomend this to anyone who is looking for something different musically.
6305358613|5.0|Elizabeth<br />Score: 93/100<br />Elizabeth is like a dream of a movie. It's dramatic, mysterious and fact-based. Not only this, it is the best film of 1998, and it's one of the most amazing Queen movies of the 1990's. Yes, it's that good, an unforgettable and unmissable motion picture event!<br />When catholic Queen Mary (Kathy Burke) dies the succession goes to Elizabeth (Cate Blanchett), the protestant half-sister Mary was not prepared to execute. The new queen finds herself surrounded by advisors, some supportive but some plotting to restore the catholic line by almost any means. She is also under pressure to marry and produce an heir, but her lover Lord Robert Dudley (Joseph Fiennes) is not considered suitable. Elizabeth realises she has some decisions to make, the most important being who rules England.<br />Shekar Kupar's film is the first to actually take us back in time and feel like we're in every situation, going through every trouble the character's get into. It's a remarkable thing to feel like you're there, and I have Kupar to thank for that, his direction is marvellous, his effort for this film was astounding. Cate Blanchett's performance is also very unique, the best performance of 1998 by a long shot, she pulls off Queen Mary with power and elegance. Geoffrey Rush, Christopher Eccleston and Joseph Fiennes back her up nicely. The costumes and set decoration are perfect, especially the costumes, which shine brightly and have unforgettable style. <br />Elizabeth is a film of tamed passion and emotional beauty, not to be missed and not to be disliked.
B00000JXVK|5.0|My nostrils burning of sweet 'Blenzol'; vibrations in the pit of my stomach as the riders ready at the starting line. (My ex-late husband was a &quot;motocross racer&quot; among other stuff; so I saw it all) He and his pals soaked up renewed energy after seeing the movie; hence, our friends and we drove, bikes in tow, to the Cal Am in Sacramento or any other track or bunch of hills containing mud, dirt, sand, whatever ON ANY/EVERY SUNDAY! (every weekend I rode equipped with boots, gloves, helmut, pads on every corner of my body, kidney belt; tear off's if we played in the mud puddles over in Coyote Hills area; so I related on a personal level) The camera follows Mert and Malcolm and a great bunch of guys through six different kinds of competition. Mert Lawill and Malcolm Smith hang out with Steve and you see the bond and respect they developed over the years.     The DVD is excellent.  For every soul whose ever sat on a unicycle or a bicycle, tricycle,  Yamaha, Bultaco, Honda, or scooter. Seeing it last night brought back my youth; not the grandmother I am. Bad days and dissapointment abound, when I see Jim Rice come back and try to finish the race, it kills me. Riders soak off their casts weeks early to complete....dedication or nut cases; I'm still not sure.   Camera shots of ice racing in Canada with two inch spikes spinning at 120mph.  Spanish trials, 0-1mph; tons of fun. Guaranteed to excite the whole family.  The Widow Maker Run is one of the funniest clips.    &quot;G&quot; for GGGGRRREAT.
6304712936|5.0|Amadeus<br />Score: 93/100<br />Man, madness, music and murder are all mixed into Amadeus, a motion picture about jealousy and beauty. The film garnered 8 Academy Awards, and deservedly so, this is a brilliant, witty and well-played period piece that is never boring and always entertaining.<br />It's 1781 and Antonio Salieri (F. Murray Abraham) is the competent court composer to Emperor Joseph II (Jeffrey Jones). When Mozart (Tom Hulce) arrives at court, Salieri is horrified to discover that the godlike musical gifts he desires for himself have been bestowed on a bawdy, impish jokester. Maddended by envy, he plots to destroy Mozart by any means he can employ. Perhaps, even murder. Did Salieri silence one of the world's true musical geniuses? The mystery - and the music remain.<br />Amadeus is a magnificently looking, charmingly played film that does well in the technical department as well as acting, directing and writing. John Hulce is amazingly funny but stunningly dramatic and the much-liked Mozart, and F. Murray Abraham gives an effective, Oscar winning turn as the envious but somewhat puzzled Antonio. Milos Forman is amazing in his directing effort, he goes to the lengths only a marvellous director would go to, and Peter Shaffer's script, which must have been incredibly hard to write, makes over the grade and satisfies completely. The film triumphs as a gripping human drama, it's a glorious celebration of the music of Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart that just keeps getting better.<br />Charming, full, tender and totally magnificent, Amadeus became an instant classic in 1984 and remains amazing to this day.
B0000560XI|5.0|As there are plenty of reviews about the story and music of the &quot;Buena Vista Social Club&quot; (CD Version &amp; DVD-Video Film), I'll only give a review on the tonal and technical benefits of this DVD-Audio.<br />First off, this is not the Documentary Movie &quot;Buena Vista Social Club&quot; but only the relative Soundtrack (similar to the CD Version of BVSC. You can see a track listing and listen to samples at the &quot;Audio CD&quot; section of Amazon.com.<br />The DVD-Audio contains 3 versions of the music: 1. - &quot;Advanced Resolution&quot; 96 kHz, 6ch PPCM Surround (DVD-Audio mode); 2. - &quot;Advanced Resolution&quot; 96 kHz, 2ch PPCM Stereo (DVD-Audio mode); 3. - DOLBY DIGITAL 5.1 Surround (DVD-Video compatibility mode).<br />You need a DVD-Audio/Video-Player to play the &quot;Advanced Resolution&quot; Tracks, however, you can play this DVD-Audio in any DVD-Video Player in Dolby Digital.<br />Additional features of this DVD-Audio are photographs, song notes &amp; credits, biographies, discography of the members of BVSC, and a 13-minute &quot;Making of Buena Vista Social Club Video&quot;. Most of these features are only accessible using a DVD-Audio-Player (you can access the &quot;Making of&quot; by manually selecting Title 02 on DVD-Video-Player). The DVD comes with an additional 50-page booklet that contains song notes, pictures and commented lyrics of all songs in Spanish and English language.<br />The surround mix of the music sounds very naturual and is focussed on the main speakers, using rear speakers only for creating a three-dimentional athmosphere. Center speaker, however, is virtually unused.  I realized that for some surround-remixes, creators have placed effects or certain instruments on rear or center speakers to &quot;benefit&quot; from multi-channel. This, however, I consider as a failure. A surround mix should NEVER distort the music.  I think this mix pretty much meets these requirements. Especially the bass profits from discrete subwoofer channel, you can almost feel Orlando Lopez playing. The surround tracks have been mixed by the original creators Ry Cooder and Jerry Boys.<br />I highly recommend this album for all fans of cuban traditional music and the Buena Vista Social Club. The music certainly profits from the new DVD-Audio format. This DVD-A is a must-have for everyone who already owns a DVD-Audio Player but also interesting for people with DVD-Video as they can play the compressed Dolby Digital Track by now and problably take advantage of high resolution PCM in some future.
014100018X|2.0|This book did not inspire me at all.  I have to admit to being totally shocked when I discovered that it had been made into a film!!  In my opinion it is simply not an engaging enough tale to warrant the attention of the film industry.     I have to admit that I did not feel much sympathy for the characters and this obviously left me somewhat unimpressed by this book.
B00004YKUY|5.0|In reading the reviews here, it's obvious that the people who are crying about Perry not being on this record and the music lacking in song writing ability haven't heard one note from Arrival. These songs are all incredible and some of the best writing I've ever seen from the boys of Journey. My guess is these people are so angry that Journey has come back with a monster album without their hero, they are trying to sabotage the briliant efforts put forth by the band. Every song on Arrival is a possibilty for a single. Kiss Me Softly, Higher Place, World Gone Wild, Signs of Life .... you won't be able to get these songs out of your head! Don't miss out on what I believe is Journey's greatest work since Escape!
B000059RL3|5.0|February 27, 2001 marked the 30 year jubilee of the charting of Gayes Whats Going On`-single.The following album didnt only change the direction of Marvins career, or the way music was made at his record label Motown- furthermore it irrevocably revolutionized soul music and influenced generations of musicians from all musical backgrounds- aswell! The single which Motown was at first reluctant to release, became the fastest selling 45rpm. of the labels history, but to that point they had nothing to back it up with. The result was finally the album of the same title, which sold by early 70s standards an unbelievable amount of two million-plus copies and featured three consecutive R&amp;B #1 singles, which was unheard of. The critical response was even more overwhelming, every major magazine in the U.S. called it a masterpiece and Marvin earned many awards for it. One of these awards was the key to the City of Washington D.C., the following concert which Gaye performed at the Kennedy Center, can be heard here for the very first time. For the years to follow, a who is who of artists covered nearly everery song from the album. The album itself has managed to grow in stature and is routinelly rated among the ten best recordings of the entire Rock era by all serious publications around the globe.By releasing this fabulous two cd-set, Motown itself finally recognized the magnitude of its greatest release ever. It is a must have not only for the devoted fan but also for every serious record collector! BEAUTIFUL!
B00004YKUY|5.0|Quienes haban dado ya por desaparecidos a Journey han de volver sobre sus palabras. Con un nuevo cantante (si no te lo dicen, piensas que es el mismsimo Steve Perry con unos aos menos y con su voz tan especial) y nuevos bros han hecho un lbum redondo. Desde la primera cancin a la ltima, todas nos recuerdan a los mejores Journey: baladas tiernas -en su lnea- y rocks frenticos.  No tengas dudas y cmpratelo ( o bjalo de la red si puedes). Han pasado muchos aos desde sus inicios, pero ellos suenan igual de bien que siempre y su nuevo cantante (un autntico clon de Perry) no defrauda lo ms mnimo. Creme! Shon y Cain siguen llevando la batuta y ello es garanta de un trabajo bien realizado.  Qu falta nos hacen grupos como Journey en medio de tanta mediocridad! Que sigan as!  Recomendable? Todo el lbum, sin desperdicio.
6304712936|5.0|Okay, this is obviously one of the best movies that I have EVER seen.  Many reviewers before me have showered praise, upon which I will decline to add, since the world over knows Mozart's genius.  I would, however, like to offer a few tidbits of information for those of you who have seen the movie, or if you are just a lover of Mozart. 1) The movie is historically inaccurate (although much of the story is based on well known facts).  This is not a big deal, and I fully allow Hollywood the licence for good story telling (and it is GREAT storytelling.)  Kids, don't base your music history papers on it!  No evidence suggests that Salieri killed Mozart, although he did go insane, and tried to confess it.  Salieri did NOT commission the Requiem, although the true patron did commission it in secret and intended to pass it off as his own work. 2)  Some people seem to miss the irony of the ending.  The point of the story is that Salieri did NOT kill Mozart in the end.  He was actually trying to help him finnish the Requiem because Salieri KNEW he was dying, but needed the work completed before he croaked (In real life, the work was finnished by Mozart's student, Sussmeyer)  This is the great tragedy for Salieri because a) he didn't get the Requiem, and b) he himself did not get the pleasure of killing Mozart.  He was, once again, denied by God.  3)  This one is my favorite....  Why is the movie called &quot;Amadeus?&quot;  Because Mozart had a cool sounding middle name?  (Actually, he had a long list of &quot;middle names&quot;)  Mozart himself translated this name from the original &quot;Theophilious&quot; that his father gave him, from Greek into Latin.  The English translation means &quot;Beloved of God.&quot;  Folks, the premise of this movie is a bitter jealousy over who God's &quot;chosen one&quot; appeared to be in the eyes of Salieri. Is that not cool, or what?  It took me a few years to make that connection. This is a fantastically woven tale.  To fully unravel the subtleties of the plot, I had to watch it several times over a number of years.  I care not that so much of it is fiction.  I like to think of it as a &quot;Mozart Fantasy.&quot;  Bravo!e subtleties of the plot, I had to watch it several times over a number of years.   I care not that so much of it is fiction.  I like to think of it as a &quot;Mozart Fantasy.&quot;  Bravo!
B00004YKUY|5.0|Quienes haban dado ya por desaparecidos a Journey han de volver sobre sus palabras. Con un nuevo cantante (si no te lo dicen, piensas que es el mismsimo Steve Perry con unos aos menos y con su voz tan especial) y nuevos bros han hecho un lbum redondo. Desde la primera cancin a la ltima, todas nos recuerdan a los mejores Journey: baladas tiernas -en su lnea- y rocks frenticos.  No tengas dudas y cmpratelo ( o bjalo de la red si puedes). Han pasado muchos aos desde sus inicios, pero ellos suenan igual de bien que siempre y su nuevo cantante (un autntico clon de Perry) no defrauda lo ms mnimo. Creme! Shon y Cain siguen llevando la batuta y ello es garanta de un trabajo bien realizado.  Qu falta nos hacen grupos como Journey en medio de tanta mediocridad! Que sigan as!  Recomendable? Todo el lbum, sin desperdicio.
B00002DEIX|5.0|I'll be the first to admit, I am not a terribly experienced jazz listener.  I am, however, a trained classical musician, and a public school music teacher.  In my on going quest to further my own education, I have taken upon myself the task of emersing myself in this foriegn world.  Now, having purchased Parker, Coltrane, Adderly and Woods, I have set my sights upon the modern and the living.  I have listened to what the current scene has to offer, even picking up a couple Kenny G CD's (for comparison).  Thank God I came across Redman.  This is the second CD I've listened to, and am even more impressed than the first (&quot;Freedom in the Groove&quot;)  Again, I do not claim to be a particular expert in jazz, but having studied the progression from Mozart to Beethoven, it seems to me that Joshua Redman is &quot;the next step.&quot;
B00000DHTF|5.0|Bruce Springsteen's box set TRACKS is definitely a worthy buy for any Bruce fan.  Culled from Bruce's earliest demos to the early mid 90s material TRACKS is a great way to explore the world of Bruce without hearing his greatest hits, but rather genuis songs that never got released or were B-sides.  Disc one starts with what i think is his first demo at Columbia, &quot;Mary Queen Of Arkansas&quot; and is followed by demos of other songs and a great live track, &quot;Rendezvous&quot;.  Later on in the set there are great versions of &quot;My Love Will Not Let You Down&quot; and &quot;This Hard Land&quot;.  Disc four has many nice songs, &quot;Sad Eyes&quot; and &quot;Gave It A Name&quot;.  The booklet that is included has many great pictures, which makes that much more of an must-buy.
B00000DHZJ|3.0|I bought this for a few reasons. Reason 1:PURPLE HAZE. Reason 2:ALL ALONG THE WATCH TOWER. Reason 3:IF 6 WAS 9. Reason 4:STONE FREE. Reason 5:FIRE. Reason 6:AND THE WIND CRIES MARY. Reason 7:FREEDOM.<br />This CD isn't really Jimi's greatest hits. It's some of his greatest from ELECTRIC LADYLAND and ARE YOU EXPERIENCED. But I'd probley given it a ful 5 stars if it had MACHINE GUN on it. Anyone who has heard MACHINE GUN knows what I'm talking about. It's just the way Jimi makes his guitar sound like a M-60 machine gun that gets me everytime. To me, that's his greatest hit.<br />This is however a good starter disc for newbie Hendrix fans. But for God's (or Jimi's) sake, don't let this be the only Hendrix CD you buy. Because if it is, your missing out on a lot.<br />WALKMAN2527
B00004Z4WQ|4.0|This movie is awesome!  I really enjoyed watching it and have really enjoyed watching it time and time again.  Expect to see scenes from the Scream Trilogy, I Know What You Did Last Summer, The Matrix, The Sixth Sense, The Blair Witch Project, and although this is a commercial and not a movie, they parodize the Budweiser &quot;WAASSSSSSSSSSAAAAAAA???&quot; thing.  You'll really enjoy this movie...  Its hilarious with a bit of a sarcastic tone to it.  Sure, you'll probably recognize ummm...no actors/actresses, but its a comedy.  Carmen Electra is great in this movie (she looks fine as hell in it too).  Well, stop reading this already...GO WATCH IT!
0060977493|5.0|I wasn't sure if I would even finish this book when I first started reading. Roy's writing is ephemeral; reality is gossamer-fine and the reader is never quite sure where he or she might be treading. What kept me hooked, though, was the absolutely marvelous writing. Even if I were given an infinity to think, I don't believe I could come up with such beautiful phrasings. I would agree with other reviewers in saying that this book is not for everyone. If you like the concrete, stated plainly, then chances are this novel is not for you. If you like only books that on topics familiar to you, then I wouldn't recommend it. If, however, you're a sucker for remarkable prose and don't mind being a little confused at times when you're reading, then give Arundhati Roy a try.
0553208845|5.0|Books can be magical things. This is one of them. For ten bucks or so you can buy a short read that has proven its ability literally millions of times over many decades to produce epiphanies in readers of all ages. This makes it one of the best values of all time.<br />Siddhartha is poetic prose, a literary masterpiece about a man's search for his place in the universe and the meaning of life. These are tall topics--something each of ponders at some length--and not easily conquered. Hesse accomplishes it with amazingly few pages. The book touches all the senses, like a brain massage. It would be easy to skip this book, to brush it off as mushy, hippy text. Don't make that mistake.<br />I first read it as a teen about the same time that Kung Fu was a hit on TV. The two combined for a mind-expanding experience. I began looking at life in a different and better way. It's hard for me to imagine an adult who has read Siddhartha at some point in their life committing violent crime. Cause and effect? I strongly recommend Siddhartha to the open-minded and idealistic youth of the world, and all others who continue the search for their own identity. --Christopher Bonn Jonnes, author of Wake Up Dead.
6304806434|1.0|For all of us living in Europe and having thoughts about buying the region 2 encoding I just wanted to mention that Con Air region 2 is cut for what I think is the german audiences. (I am not talking about the Con Air english reg. 2 which may be uncut) The cuts are: 1. When \\"Pinball\\" burns the Indian. 2. When Cyrus burns the drugkingpin. 3. Cyrus falling through electrical lines. 4. Cyrus death scene. The Region 1DVD has no cuts and include both the Trailer and a Teaser Trailer (the region 2 doesn't).
B00003CXN4|5.0|I had went to theaters to see this movie. (Mainly because the previews said it was a knockout, brilliant, and in every critics top 10 list). I was a little skeptical at first, but once it starts it pulls you in. From begining to end, this film lacks nothing.<br />Whether you like it for the acting, (Don Cheadle, Benicio Del Torro, or Michael Douglas all do superb, along with most others), whether you like it for the cinematography, (I'm not sure who did it, but watch for the color difference between Washington, DC (Michael Douglas' scenes), Mexico (Benicio Del Torro's scenes), or San Diego (where a bunch of rich kids live), you will be amazed.<br />Another thing is the rock solid story line with snappy dialouge. And not to mention the allstar cast of Benicio Del Torro, (The &quot;Good&quot; Cop), Michael Douglas (Head of the DEA), Catherine Zeta-Jones (A Rich, Pampered, Housewife), Dennis Quaid (The Crooked Lawyer), Don Cheadle (Undercover Cop), along with numerous cameos from Selma Hayek, ect.<br />This film can not be beat. With A+ acting, story, and without a doubt the BEST cinematography ever! You cant afford to miss TRAFFIC.<br />Not this film is a 2 1/2 hr long drama, which needs to be viewed in FULL. I know of quite a few people who quit watching it half-way through. You will ruin one of the greatest movie experiences ever if you do this. No Joke!<br />Winner of 5 Academy Awards including: Best Supporting Actor (Del Torro), Best Director (Steven Soderbergh), Best Film Editing, Best Sound Editing, Best Cinematography!
B000056NX5|5.0|Having seen the original film over they years I eagerly awaited the release of the new film version and I was certaiinly not disappointed it is absolutely FANTASTIC!!! Glenn carter gives the best portrayal of Christ that I have ever seen. The passion and the emotion that he puts into the role is a sight to behold. The interaction between Glenn and Jerome Pradon (Judas) is just amazing especaially at the last supper. The rest of the cast are equally amazing Fred Johanson (Pilate) gives an outstanding performance. I loved Frederick B Owens (Caiaphas) voice it is so rich and deep. Michael Schaeffer (Annas) was also outstanding. I would recommend this dvd to everyone it is just so amazing. Thank you glenn and the rest of the cast for giving us such an outstanding performances.
B000002UB3|5.0|Abbey Road was the last recordings The Beatles ever made and had some of their best work. Each member was involved in the making of the album unlike most of their others, and it showed with all of them contributing throughout the record.<br />1.Come Together- Was a #1 hit with great lyrics throughout by John and catchy theme. Probably one of the more powerful ballads of the time and one John's best compositions. Also great work on the drums by an inspired Ringo.Rating: 5 stars<br />2.Something- Another #1 but this was one of the few George hits that got released commercially. Comparing this ballad with those of his past shows how he matured as lyricist. Probably the most solid all-around work by George.Rating: 5 stars<br />3.Maxwell's Silver Hammer- Many have said this song ruined the record, but I tend to disagree. The music is actually quite pleasant, and lyrics are ok. Not one of Paul's better songs but it is an experimental track.Rating: 3 stars<br />4.Oh!Darling- Great, powerful ballad from Paul. I like the guitar strums every other second, they set the tone for the song. Paul shows emotion throughout the track, and also good vocals from the background.Rating: 5 stars<br />5.Octupus's Garden- Is a rare Ringo song which is written and sung by him. The music is melancholy and John &amp; Paul give great background vocals to help the song reach another level. The ending is not quite as good, but a suprisingly good song from Ringo.Rating: 4 stars<br />6.I Want You- The guitar on this song is amazing. Especially near the end in a series of build-ups. The lyrics are average at best by John, and the song is a little too long. Otherwise a good track.Rating: 4 stars<br />7.Here Comes The Sun- George comes through with another masterpeice. Nice drum-work from Ringo and guitar from George. The lyrics are repetetive but sound great.Rating: 5 stars<br />8.Because- A wonderful, slow song which is sung by John/Paul/George. The lyrics are not supposed to make sense, since &quot;because&quot; is the excuse their using to everyone's questions. I think I hear a sitar in hear, which must be George.  Very relaxing and well thought out song.Rating: 5 stars<br />9.You Never Give Me Your Money- The first 1:15 of this song is great. Paul comes through with great lyrics that match the music. But after that the music changes into nothing but an average song that doesn't make too much sense.Rating: 4 1/2 stars<br />10.Sun King- Very imaginitive music which sets a soft tone. The lyrics are sung by John/Paul/George once again. The song sounds like it belongs on the Revolver Album, with its psychadelic theme. And also, near the end, they break out singing in spanish.Rating: 5 stars<br />11.Mean Mr.Mustard- Pretty good song with average lyrics. I use to like this song a lot, but after listening to it over and over again, it became just ok. It's part of the medley filled songs that fill up side 2 of the album.<br />12.Polythene Pam- The music is pretty good but the lyrics are horrible. Good thing it's only half a minute long.Rating; 2 stars<br />13.She Came In Through The Bathroom Window- Good guitar work from Paul and once again good drum-work from Ringo at his best. The song has pretty nice medley but the lyrics are confusing. Nonetheless, pretty catchy tune.Rating: 3 stars<br />14.Golden Slumbers: My favorite song on the album. Amazing music that will captivates the mind. The lyrics are great and the ending leaves you wanting more.Rating: 5 stars<br />15.Carry That Weight- Great song with a catchy chorus by John and Paul. In the middle of the song, has a sampling of &quot;You never give me your money&quot; which fits in perfectly. This shows The Beatles at their best.Rating: 5 stars<br />16.The End- Mostly an instrumental with great work from each member. Ringo has a terrific solo from .20 to .35. The lead guitar from George shines from .58 to 1.28. And the last words from Paul are a great way to end The Beatles and a way to remember them.Rating: 5 stars<br />17.Her Majesty- A few word Paul sings to end the record. In my opinion, it would of been better to end it with the song &quot;The End&quot;.
0440234743|5.0|This was my first book by J. Grisham.  I truely enjoyed it.  It was the work of God that turns Nate's life around.  Although, J Grisham never said that the message was very clear.  It kept my interest from beginning to end.  I enjoyed the court action and I enjoyed the power of God turning Nate's life around.  Awesome book.  I had to read other books by JG just because of The Testament.<br />Well Done...
0812589041|2.0|After so many friends raved about this book, I was very disappointed when I finally read it.  THe premise is silly, the characters so comic-bookish as to be unbelievble, and the science is questionable.  Maybe I am geting fed up with science fiction, but I still believe that one of the so-called classics should be much much better.  Oh well.
0440224764|5.0|The Partner kept my interest all the way through the book.  I loved the excitement and the story was super.  But what was on John's mind with the ending.  I kept wanting more.  I felt maybe he is planning on making this book a sequel or something.  It left me hanging for more.<br />I have been so impressed with John Grisham books since I read The Testament.  I had to go back and read several others however I was so disappointed with the ending of The Partner's I will think twice before reading another book by him for a while.
6303234844|5.0|I rented this video from the local video store before I was really a fan of PG, in the five days I was allowed to keep the video, I must have watched it eight times. Since then, I've bought every PG release, but I still come back to this video. Every song on this video sounds better than the studio version, no exceptions. The most noticable is Steam. The live version just might be my favorite PG song. It's so intense and the intro is beautiful. The vocals are powerful and soaring and Tony Levin (my all-time bass hero) is just tearing it up with the funk fingers. Upon buying US, I was so disappointed with the studio version of that song. It was so... blah. Other highlights, the incredibly cool San Jacinto (which is absent from the CD release of Secret World), Solsbury Hill (I personally prefer the exciting live version here with the violin and chapman stick to the studio version, which I also love), and Don't Give Up (Paula Cole's vocals are MUCH more powerful than Kate Bush's if you ask me. This song sends shivers down my spine and brings a tear to my eye.) Also, it's important to note Across the River, which was never released on any PG official release before and is strikingly beautiful. Manu Katche's drum work is electrifying. Also Shaking the Trees with the jammed out ending. If you are even remotely a PG fan, buy this video just to see how improved the songs are over the studio versions (especially the US songs). Just a testiment to PG's incredible composing and performing ability. Trust me, you'll like it.
0790751143|4.0|This second sequel (out of four) to &quot;Dirty Harry&quot; is a good companion piece to the original, with Harry adjusting to a female partner (a competent Tyne Daly) while dealing with terrorist thugs threatening to bomb San Francisco.  Harry is more hard edged than in &quot;Magnum Force&quot; and there are some wonderful scenes here, like when he foils a liquor store robbery by driving his car through the store window (after the punks demanded a getaway car) or when he questions a suspect while smashing a toilet plunger in his face.  Tough cop Frank &quot;Fatso&quot; DiGeorgio (John Mitchum) has his last stand here.  Lalo Schifrin's score is sorely missed, although he returned for the next two sequels.  The terrorist group here is pretty forgettable, as they don't make much of an impression as screen villians.  Exciting climax shot on Alcatraz.  Enjoyable action fare, especially for fans who found Harry too mellow in &quot;Magnum Force&quot;.
B000002I6X|5.0|Dated, muddy, and moving, this is CSN boiled down into honesty and the breath of an entire era. Tunes like the bitter, quirky &quot;Change Partners&quot;, the quinessential 60's ethos of &quot;I've Got Nothing To Do But Today&quot;, the exquisite &quot;Singin' Call&quot;--which sounds as if it was indeed recorded in a canyon at dusk--all underscore Stephen Still's lovely clarion voice, and are unmistakable emblems of those days and the California wilderness that inspired him.  And you'd be hard-pressed to find a more sere and bitter lyric than this one on the 6th track: &quot;Still, my heart is an open secret....Someone, tell me: have I been gifted or robbed?&quot;
B000002BFZ|5.0|Wow. This is SO not grunge. <br />But it is great. NO CODE practically sets a new standard for 90's music, it's so brilliant. It's probably the best thing Pearl Jam has ever done, although that's a tough choice, since all of their albums have been pretty much great.<br />On one hand, we have slower, more reflective stuff, like the opener, &quot;Sometimes,&quot; which is ironically the only real weak track on the album, and the spoken-word &quot;I'm Open&quot;. The extremely melancholy &quot;Off He Goes&quot; is a poignant meditation on drug addiction.<br />PJ has its fair share of hard rockers too, of course. Check out the wonderfully witty &quot;Hail Hail&quot; or the blistering, frenetic rock of &quot;Lukin&quot; or &quot;Habit&quot;. Then there's something like &quot;Smile,&quot; an off-the-wall love-letter in the style of Neil Young. There's tribal drumming in &quot;In My Tree&quot; (used to a lesser extent on the brilliant &quot;Who You Are&quot;). There's the lullaby-ish &quot;Around The Bend&quot; as a closer.<br />Without a doubt the most brilliant track on this CD is &quot;Red Mosquito&quot;. I can't tell you how much I love this song. It's probably my favorite PJ song overall, and it alone would be a reason to recommend this CD.<br />Fortunately, it's far from being the only thing worth listening to on here, and for that, NO CODE is worth your money.
080017948X|5.0|This has got to be one of the funniest movies ever! Bill Murray at his best. Witty and sarcastic remarks fly as MacDowell gradually converts mean-spirited Murray to look on the bright side of life. I've seen it several times and it's still hillarious!
B000002BYD|4.0|YIELD is not alternative in the general sense, of course, but alternative in the sense that it's definitely different than anything that was playing on mainstream radio in '98. YIELD doesn't rock nearly as hard as past discs, although punkish excursions like &quot;Brain of J&quot; and &quot;Do The Evolution&quot; certainly aren't hurting anyone. The driving &quot;MFC&quot; is notable, as is the Jack Irons-penned chant &quot;-&quot;. &quot;Wishlist&quot; is a beautifully low-key number, as Eddie Vedder sings lines most likely dedicated to his wife Beth like &quot;I wish I was a sentimental ornament you hung on / the Christmas tree I wish I was the star that went on top&quot;. &quot;Given To Fly&quot; is probably the second most notable tune here, featuring the verse melody from Led Zeppelin's &quot;Going To California&quot;. It's a positively brilliant, soaring meditative metaphor on overcoming discrimination, a metaphor he establishes not by pointing out racial or social groups but by establishing the protagonist as someone who can fly.<br />As great as &quot;Given To Fly&quot; is, still better is &quot;Do The Evolution,&quot; the most feral, relentlessly sarcastic song Pearl Jam has ever penned. It touches on hypocrisy, murder, gun control, and a whole slew of other things that make one think &quot;Have we REALLY evolved?&quot;<br />The tracks I've mentioned are really the only notable ones, bringing the album's overall rating down a star. And even though YIELD is probably Pearl Jam's weakest album overall, what's good here is *really* good, and is certainly worth purchasing the album for.
0780628551|1.0|This film ranks among the 5 worst films I've ever seen. The story drags along and you just can't wait till it's over. I thought that Johnny Depp would be a guarantee of a certain level of quality. What can I say? - I was wrong!
B000002J09|5.0|I used to have this vinal.It would sure be nice to have one,but then I could'nt listen to one of the finest pieces of music I've ever heard.I had'nt heard this song(Stairway to Heaven)for many years,but I remembered every word of that song when I bought the remaster.Welcome back my friend to the show that never ends.
6304602979|5.0|Perhaps when we think of a romance story, we conjure up notions of Sleepless in Seattle or When Harry Met Sally.  True Romance, a pure romance movie, albeit one with guns, violence, and pimps, succeeds on every level at breaking down such stereotypes.  You will leave this movie with a great sense of what true love is all about.  A true must see!
B000005RFK|5.0|Being overlooked by the fans most of the time (because of its name maybe?!), Volume IV definitely stands among the strongest albums of Black Sabbath. I also perceive it as the last album of their &quot;childhood&quot; period. The next work they would do &quot;Sabbath bloody sabbath&quot; is definitely Sabbath on the next level. Partly due to that fact, the album is quite cherished... Once again, Ozzy delves into the gloomy side, speaks about sorrow, loss and darkness. While lacking the overall completeness (Which would most definitely be present on their subsequent works), I give this album 5 stars, because the songs are as always incredible.
1881273156|2.0|...that would have made an excellent essay.
B000002TPS|5.0|Apparently, the last Megadeth album so far... that sounds like the MEGADETH. While Mustaine started experimenting with his softer side in A Tout Le Monde, Blood of heroes and Family Tree, you can still feel the power of their blood-pumping rock in the opening tracks. Well, what came next was the awfully disappointing Cryptic Writings and a pitiful Risk... Let's see what happens with &quot;World needs a hero&quot;
B000058983|5.0|Where has this album been all my life? Folk-Rock with strings and horns, beautiful arrangements, strange chord progressions, and great lyrics from Arthur Lee and the late Bryan Maclean make this album an all time classic. The bonus tracks are ok but don't make the cut compared to the eleven album tracks. Just burn a copy with the first eleven songs, throw it in the Cd player, and let it repeat till infinity. Thanks Arthur &amp; Co. for making a great album.<br />Does anyone know where to write Arthur Lee?
B000002KB8|5.0|Together with Led Zeppelin II, Deep Purple in Rock, this album is the quintessence of hard rock. Being of one the three founding fathers of heavy music, Black Sabbath's self-titled debut failed to achieve the same success as its followers &quot;Paranoid&quot;, &quot;Master of reality&quot; and &quot;Sabbath bloody sabbath&quot;.. However one thing that is that it made history. The dark and ominous melody sets the tone for the whole album from the thunder sounds of the opening track all the way to the &quot;Sleepy Village/Warning&quot;... <br />It's here that the band developed their signature sound with Iommi's heavy riffs, Geezer's strong bass accords and Ozzy's sarcastic voice.  What a way to start off the great journey into Black Sabbath history
B000002KET|5.0|Sabbath Bloody sabbath is the center-piece of Black Sabbath's career. Not because it highlights the most creative time period of the band and not because all of the songs are great. The major reason for Sabbath Bloody Sabbath success is because this is a very complete and well-thought through work. <br />One thing that not a lot of people know about this album is that all of the songs are based on the exact same melody. The same core accord is present from the opening track all the way to Spiral Architect... And yet, the rhythm and the timing is changed so skilfully, that it's difficult to believe that the skeleton is the same. <br />The highlights of the album are &quot;Sabbath bloody sabbath&quot;, fast and rough &quot;Sabbra Cadabbra&quot;, their sweetheart of the concert crowd &quot;Killing yourself to live&quot; and &quot;Who are you&quot;... The acoustic part of &quot;Looking for today&quot; is also a work of a genius.
0684859106|2.0|I have baked for years and admire Maida Heater among others. Was very excited to receive this book. But what a disaster the first two recipes have been. Picked at random, the Oatmeal cookie and Lemon Layer cake both turned out uneatable. I followed the directions to the letter and as other cooks' recipes (Heater, Child, Fields, Rosso & Lukins, Rosenberg, etc.)  have always turned out first rate in the same kitchen, could not find any reason other than these authors' recipes for the failure of both dishes. I wish I could get my money back for this book. Glossy pictures and lots of promise but if two dismal recipes back to back are anything to judge by, this book is not what it purports to be.<br />Once again I have to reiterate and ask the authors to submit actual recipes from their NYC bakery.  The cookbook recipes, and I have tried many more since my first review, are consistently disappointing.  I can only surmise we the public receive the good stuff at the bakery but the cookbook does not reflect the store's inventiveness and quality.  Please redo this book and use actual Magnolia Bakery recipes.  I don't think customers will be lost but your reputation will continue to suffer as more people are disappointed in their efforts to use your book.  Debbie Fields didn't lose fans when she published her cookbooks in the chocolate chip cookie heyday in the 80's and 90's.  You won't either.  But this cookbook is frustrating and a genuine disappointment.
B000001EL3|2.0|Many a Kiss fan(atic) will hate me for this review.<br />This is my first Kiss album.  I sincerely hope this is not their best.  Don't get me wrong, the first track 'Detroit Rock City' is an excellent rock song.  It is followed by two fairly good songs, 'King of the Night Time World' and 'God of Thunder.'  The remaining six songs are let-downs, 'Great Expectations' being the worst.  Whoever chose the song order, knew this.  They get you excited with the first three songs, and then slip in 'Great Expectations' before you have a chance to come down from your rock-induced high.  By the end of track four, you admit, &quot;Okay, I guess that song was a lemon,&quot; and after hearing it, the rest of the album will sound good.  At least that was the plan.  I fail to understand how such a short album (34 minutes) can hold so much filler!  Honestly, you would have to be a die-hard Kiss fan to really appreciate the Destroyer album as a whole.  My first impression of Kiss?  IMAGE IS EVERYTHING.  THIRST IS NOTHING.  This reviewer has a thirst for great Hard Rock.  Kiss Destroyer just doesn't quench that thirst.
0671027344|5.0|I first picked this book up the other day while I was at work. It became one of the few books I've read in one day.  You simply have to read it to really understand. Charlie makes you feel like he does, through the good and the bad. All the descriptions are very skeletal, and yet you can picture everything perfectly. A real trip through one Teens soul, In this book Stephan Choboski has gotten high school right for the first time in history.
B00003CXPD|5.0|I love this film, as well as being a feel good film it is excently made. As well as the fantastically believable portrayal of Billy by Jamie Bell (who really deserved his BAFTA) you also get to see, even if it is only for 2 mins the absolutely fantastic..and gorgeous Adam Cooper as the adult Billy in AMP's Swan Lake. I must admit when I went to see it at the cinema I went to see Adam Cooper, but I came out having really loved the film and couldn't wait to get it on DVD!!! It portrayed the miners stike really well, having been really young when it happened it awoke memories in me. I cannot recomend this picture enough.
0780622553|4.0|Dark City was an excellent film which plays on a feeling that each of us has experienced at one time or another, that feeling that we believe we lived another life.  Rufus Sewell as Murdock is excellent, supported by Hurt and Connelly in their respective roles.  Sutherland overdoes his role slightly, but is overcome by acting of Richard O'Brian as one of the &quot;Strangers.&quot;  Excellent movie!!!!
6300248569|4.0|This production is not so lavish as the 96 version, and does not have quite the same drive.  However Elizabeth Garvie as Lizzie, and David Rintoul as Darcy are far better than their 1996 counterparts (Colin Firth attempting to look moody looks like Colin Firth looking constipated).   Incidentally both this version and the '96 version were BBC versions, the latter with production money contributed by A&E.
0064407667|5.0|Who wouldn't be intrigued by a series of books by an author named Lemony Snicket?   Since getting the first installment in my clutches, I have been engrossed by the dreadful predicaments of the Baudelaire orphans.  <br />Are the events depicted therein probable or morally fortifying?  No, but that's the allure of the books for me--I feel badly for people who are too uptight to get down in the muck and relish the marvelous mayhem &quot; a series of unfortunate events&quot; can bring.<br />I implore you to read these books, suspend reality for a while and bone up on that vocabulary.  <br />With all due respect...
B00003CXB2|1.0|First of all, Columbia did not even ask Robert Harris, the person who knows this film the best, to participate in the mastering of this title because he was too much of a &quot;perfectionist.&quot;  That is a crime in and of itself.  Lawrence is a piece of film history, some consider it the greatest film of all time.  Secondly, the colors are wrong in many spots. Music cues are terribly wrong on the second disc in the 5.1 soundtrack.  But, if you switch to the other language tracks it is fine.  Lastly, there are many &quot;jump&quot; cuts that were not present in other formats version of the film.  This DVD is a bunch of errors.  For the music screwups alone, the disc should be recalled.  You are making a mistake ordering it if you care about the film at all.
B000002N2N|5.0|If you're only going to buy one live Ramones album this year, this is the one.  Experience da bruddas Ramone in all their glory, warts and all, while at the peak of their powers, when Johnny still had the fastest right hand in rock and Joey still had enough wind to sing all of the words.  I remember seeing them at The Second Chance in Ann Arbor, MI at about this time and when Johnny struck the first chords in &quot;Blitzkrieg Bop,&quot; we all realized that we really had no clue as to how loud it was going to be.  It was like being caught in the middle of an energy sandwich, with the beautiful noise coming from on stage pushing us one way and the sway of the crowd pushing us the other.  A real Hallmark moment for the socially retarded in all of us.
B00004U2HK|4.0|It's been fashionable to make fun of THE SOUND OF MUSIC even before it came out, when, during its filming, Christopher Plummer reportedly referred to it sneeringly as &quot;The Sound of Mucas.&quot; Pauline Kael's infamous vitriolic (and very funny) review of it sealed her reputation as one of America's grand culture mavens--and set the tone for the film's later criticisms by characterizing it as soulless and manipulative.<br />But this reputation is largely unearned. Certainly the children are at times hard to take (especially Charmian Carr, who seems simultaneously vixenish--&quot;tooooooo wriiiiiiiite onnnnnnn&quot;--and wholesome, as if she were a mutant hybrid of Ann-Margret and Doris Day). But the film is extremely visually inventive, especially in its contrasts of the cramped spaces of the Captain's villa and the beautiful open exteriors of Salzburg and the surrounding Alps. And most critics have overlooked that the film's scenarists have worked in an audience surrogate to sneer at Maria's goody-goodyness in the person of the Countess. Memorably played by Eleanor Parker, the Countess is given to all kinds of snide comments when things get too sugary (&quot;My dear, is there anything you *don't* do?&quot;).<br />Best of all, the film has at its center the amazing Julie Andrews, who makes the best Maria imaginable. She really does make you believe in Maria's kindness and simplicity, and her love of the outdoors. In her two most iconic moments--spinning on the moutaintop during the title number, and leading the children at top speed through a footbridge during &quot;Do Re Mi&quot;-- her arms are characteristically spread wide, accepting the entirety of the beautiful world around her. And has anybody who has seen her ever forgotten how she closes &quot;Do Re Mi,&quot; hitting that perfect &quot;fa&quot; as she leaps up the steps? This performance alone forever cements Andrews's status as an icon in world cinema.
0767903854|5.0|Having thoroughly enjoyed two extended visits to Australia over the past several years, it was with much anticipation that picked up this book.  I was not to be disappointed.  Bryson takes the reader on a whirlwind tour of the Great Southern Land, and masterfully captures the spirit of both the people and the place, and in doing so, accurately conveys what makes Australia such an endearing destination.  His humorous anecdotes are laugh out loud funny, and inject much levity into this fascinating and fact filled adventure.  Having traveled many of the same routes that Bryson does here, this book transported me back to those places, and for a few hours each evening I was there again.  Witty, informative and thoroughly entertaining, In a Sunburned Country is a compelling read not only for Australiaphiles like myself, but for all those who enjoy a well written and truly diverting book.
B00004U2HK|4.0|It's been fashionable to make fun of THE SOUND OF MUSIC even before it came out, when, during its filming, Christopher Plummer reportedly referred to it sneeringly as \\"The Sound of Mucas.\\" Pauline Kael's infamous vitriolic (and very funny) review of it sealed her reputation as one of America's grand culture mavens--and the film itself as soulless and manipulative.    But this reputation is largely unearned. Certainly the children are at times hard to take, especially Charmian Carr, who seems simultaneously vixenish--\\"tooooooo wriiiiiiiite onnnnnnn\\"--and wholesome, as if she were a mutant hybrid of Ann-Margret and Doris Day. But the film is extremely visually inventive, especially in its contrasts of the cramped spaces of the Captain's villa and the beautiful open exteriors of Salzburg and the surrounding Alps. And most critics have overlooked that the film's scenarists have worked in an audience surrogate to sneer at Maria's goody-goodyness in the person of the Countess. Memorably played by Eleanor Parker, the Countess is given to all kinds of snide comments when things get too sugary (\\"My dear, is there anything you *don't* do?\\").    Best of all, the film has at its center the amazing Julie Andrews, who makes the best Maria imaginable. She really does make you believe in Maria's kindness and simplicity, and her love of the outdoors. In her two most iconic moments--spinning on the moutaintop during the title number, and leading the children at top speed through a footbridge during \\"Do Re Mi\\"-- her arms are characteristically spread wide, accepting the entirety of the beautiful world around her. And has anybody who has seen her ever forgotten how she closes \\"Do Re Mi,\\" hitting that perfect \\"fa\\" as she leaps up the steps? This performance alone forever cements Andrews's status as an icon in world cinema.
B000005J48|5.0|I first became aware of this CD several years ago as its melancholy strains wafted through the air of a bookstore through which I was browsing. My ears perked up...Piazzolla!!! Upon inquiry, I was shown the CD and I immediately purchased a copy. I couldn't wait to get home and listen to it at elevated volume. What a recording!! Kremer has captured and distilled the essence of Piazzolla's music. Every song is a masterpiece and nearly all of my favorite mid-period Piazzolla compositions are contained within. A special treat is the magnum opus which closes the set, a 12-minute rendering of Le Grand Tango with just Kremer's violin and the restrained passion of Vadim Sakharov's piano to lead your mind into another musical dimension. Gidon Kremer has since recorded a number of Piazzolla-related CDs and in so doing has set himself up as the unofficial interpreter of El Maestro's music. If you like Piazzolla, you are sure to enjoy this CD. I give it my highest recommendation.
B00004YKUY|5.0|One word - fantastic!  The songwriting is great, and you can almost feel the attitude that Augieri wants to be there.  With Perry's overly controlling personality gone, this is a band gain, and it shows.  This ranks in my Journey top 3, with the Live one, and Frontiers.  ENJOY!
B00003CXQX|5.0|This movie is incredibly sarcastic, which means the casting people were right on when they picked David Spade.  My friends and I went around quoting this movie for days!  Pacha is a wonderful role model as the mature and caring family man, and Kuzco is, well, the opposite.  Kronk is by far the most entertaining though.  Is it really so surprising that this man can have a complete lack of common sense, but speaks fluent squirrel?  Most of the jokes will be over the heads of young children, and the most appreciative audience might actually be teenagers, who are old enough to catch what is being lampooned.  This will not matter to young children though, because they will focus on the main plot.  This is also true of the Muppet and Sesame Street movies, and so I would put The Emperor's New Groove in the same humor category.  It makes me sad that Disney is no longer making the musicals it used to specialize in, but I like this joke-a-second format too!
B00004R9A4|5.0|This is an absolutely fantastic movie and if you enjoy it, there simply is no question about it, you must purchase this DVD.  The picture quality is outstanding.  But more importantly, the movie has been restored to its (almost) original length.  These scenes have been missing for years and they help to round out the story nicely.  The song Ms. Price sings in the kitchen is the best example, I think, of the scenes inserted that help to fill the plot and expand the characters.  I had watched the movie several times as a child and it still delights me as an adult.
B000055ZFX|5.0|Couple of days ago, when I read about the release date (April 10) of the DVD version of my favorite movie &quot;El Cid&quot;, I was so happy, yet now it says &quot;...out of print...&quot;, I am very disappointed. Did they just CHANGED their mind, or what has happened? Is the DVD version of El Cid be released at the later time? Thanks Cid
B00004RFFS|5.0|I am not going to add anything about the movie that hasn't already been said here.  But I do want to mention there is nothing wrong with this disc like another review has mentioned.  The disc is a dual layer format, which requires the DVD player to refocus onto the other layer.  This triggers a slight pause in every DVD.  Unfortunately is more noticeable on this disc.
B00004SU5J|5.0|Wow!!  I was pulling on a spliff of 'sweet tooth' in 'Barney's' coffeeshop in Amsterdam when I first heard this CD.  Earthy and ecclectic!  The barkeep told me later on that the previous album was even better!  will let you know.  Definitely one for the collection.
B000002LCK|5.0|This was THE college dance album of the late 80's and still holds up well some 14 years later (has it been that long?) Pass up the &quot;Best Of&quot; compilation and invest in this disc if you're looking for the definitive New Order. All the best singles are here, &quot;Blue Monday&quot;, &quot;True Faith&quot; and &quot;Bizarre Love Triangle&quot; and some essential B-sides thrown in for good measure.
B000059QYB|5.0|Billy Idol is a kind of obsession for me. He's really one the best singer of all the times. He's my own legendary figure !!!.  Billy was &quot;THE&quot; rockstar of EIGHTIES. His success was a beautiful shine in the darkness, he began to collect hits since DON'T STOP (1981) and he stopped the parade with CYBERPUNK. This last album was a failure in America, yes, but it also was a RESOUNDING SMASH HIT in Europe and everyone knows &quot;Shock to the system&quot; too. By my side, CYBERPUNK is a masterpiece in a way of discovery. The nineties was a decade of celebration. Thanks to SPEED, THE WEDDING SINGER, the MP3 scandal, Tommy Iommi &amp; HEAVY METAL 2 Billy Idol returned to the credit he deserved. Now, the man is popular again. This GREATEST HITS is not the end. This is the beginning. Do you remember when GENX died ? It was the beginning. Same story. I'm ready to see it...i'm only 24 years old. IDOL IS THE BEST !!! - Tiziano Caliendo
B00000JZC4|5.0|It took Richard Patrick four years to complete this follow up to &quot;Short Bus&quot;, and because of that you'd expect these to be great songs.  You are not disappointed.  Patrick has expanded his songs in a way that keeps you singing them over and over, but makes sure the aggression is still right in your face.  &quot;Welcome to the Fold&quot; cranks out a heavy guitar riff with a sweet little chorus (maybe could have left out the &quot;a OK&quot; part of it, but it's still good) and clocks in at over 7 minutes of pure rock.   &quot;Captain Bligh&quot; uses a fast drum beat over heavy guitars to tell how Richard feels bad about the way he has treated former band members.  &quot;It's gonna Kill me&quot; is probably my favorite track with the soft verse busted up by the hard catchy chorus.  &quot;The Best things&quot; uses a techno beat in a driving radio friendly song. &quot;Take a picture&quot; is a nice little mostly acoustic number that will have you singing right along with it.   After this point the songs range in dynamics a lot.  &quot;Skinny&quot; is a slow burner, while the next track sounds like an all out metal song.  &quot;Cancer&quot; is a very odd song with a lot of layers...after a couple of listens it turns into a great song.  The last two are very sentimental and talk about lost love.  Both excellent songs.<br />Overall, Filter has made a quality record with many different sounds layered throughout, but always holding on to that hard rock atmosphere.
B00005AFVR|5.0|500 years from now, which of our modern musicians will be viewed as a &quot;classic&quot;?  i would propose that our generation's best singer-songwriter (and a pretty fine rocker too) will be there.  bruce springsteen is not the greatest lyricist of all time, nor the greatest musician, nor the greatest singer.  however, add all those things together, and he is beyond compare.  poignant and pensive, loud and brash, introspective and threadbare...he speaks to all of us.  a rich man living in a poor man's skin, BS knows that he can't lose his connection to the common man.  he sells it all each and every single night on stage and is without equal playing live.  no compilation (save bootlegs of each and every live show he's ever played [yes, many of us DO own them]) could possibly capture ALL that BS&amp;ESB stand for...but this is a very nice try.  while age and stage have robbed the band of some of their legendary spontaneity, they still hold the job that bono (U2) recently claimed to be &quot;reapplying&quot; for:  greatest live rock and roll band in the world.  that this compilation shows even a glimpse of that is plenty for me.
B000002JSR|2.0|This last album is for ZEP completist only. the band did alot of musical direction without taking any noticement of the early albums. The new version of I cant quit ya baby had been appeared in the 1st ZEP album. Poor Tom has been appeared as a single in the early 70s but never been released on Cd or LP. Some times I dunoo understand why some fanatical said that this band is the best on ein rock history, Plant has lost his voice in the last 15 years, since he reunited again with PAge on Wlaking in to clarksdale. is Led Zeppelin the best rock band of all time? you can answer it by your selves!!
B000005GYI|5.0|I would like to reinforce the comments made by the previous reviewers about the magnificence and importance of this album.  Brazilophiles like me will of course love it, but so will rock fans of the Beatles (one of Milton's major influences apparently), Pink Floyd, Led Zeppelin etc...(basically the &quot;canon&quot; of rock).  Clube da Esquina is quite like the &quot;White Album&quot; from the Beatles in that a variety of musical styles are featured, yet the whole package comes together so smoothly, with a great ensemble of different artists supporting the two principles, Milton Nascimento and Lo Borges.        Actually, I would like to emphazise that the album is credited to both Milton and Lo who trade off songwriting and vocal credits (not at all unlike Lennon &amp; McCartney).  Although it almost seems sacreligious to say such a thing, on this album Lo Borges songs are at least as good as the ones from Milton Nascimento.  &quot;O Trem Azul&quot; may just be the best Brazilian rock song of all time, and &quot;Paisagem da Janela&quot; and &quot;Trem de Doido&quot; are also personal favorites of mine.  Not to be outdone, however, Milton's &quot;Cais,&quot; &quot;San Vicente,&quot; and &quot;Cravo e Canela&quot; are also outstanding.  However, this album is not a competition between two great artists, but a synthesis of both, also including songwriting and musicianship from several friends such as Wagner Tiso, Nelson Angelo, and I think Toninho Horta if I'm not mistaken.  The whole album has an acid-rock, psychedelic kind of feel to it, something that is particularly strong on the Lo Borges songs.  I could almost guarantee that NO ONE will regret purchasing Clube da Esquina.
0684853523|5.0|...To write well you must read a lot.  How many would be novelists/playwrights/screenwriters rarely read/go to the theater/go to the movies?  Looking at the reading list in the back of King's book, it seems impossible that he writes as much as he does.<br />     There are better books covering the nuts and bolts...But not any of them are as moving as King's memoir.
B00001NFCY|5.0|Creed's debut CD, My Own Prison, was a very good album.  Human Clay, however, is EXCELLENT.  From the energizing opening track &quot;Are You Ready&quot; to the enchanting &quot;Inside Us All&quot;, this CD is an incredible voyage that is to be enjoyed from beginning to end, without once pressing that skip button on your CD player.  All the songs on Human Clay seem to flow together very smoothly, which only adds to the excellence of the album.  The smash hits &quot;With Arms Wide Open&quot; and &quot;Higher&quot; are great songs, but there is much, much more to be found on this album than just the played-out radio hits.  &quot;What If&quot;, &quot;Beautiful&quot;, &quot;Say I&quot;, and &quot;Inside Us All&quot; are my favorite tracks, but this is one of those albums in which I actually love every track on the CD.  Regardless of what some people think, to me Creed is like no other band; even though it's not hard to tell they've been influenced by other rock/alternative bands, they still have their own unique sound, and I couldn't help but fall completely in love with it.  If you don't have this CD, I would suggest clicking on &quot;Add to Shopping Cart&quot; right now.  If you do have it, consider buying a second copy in case something should happen to the first- that's what I did.
B000002ADT|5.0|This is my first Jazz CD (I bought it and a Louis Armstrong CD a few weeks ago)but I listened to this one in the car before I got home. It's a wonderful disc and I will probably be buying more of Miles' work (and other Jazz artists too). I am only 16 and I was listening to jazzy style Hip Hop but when I saw this album in Best Buy I decided to invest my 10 dollars in it.<br />My favorite selection is &quot;Flamenco Sketches&quot; (the original one.. track 5). It's the best selection on the album (In my humble opinion). This is positive music from the one of the best jazz musicians of all time (Miles Davis). I listen to it nearly everyday now.<br />I hope to have a collection of more of his work, as well as Louie Armstrong, Ella Fitz, and Nina Simone in the near future.
B00005657Y|1.0|Do not support the sale of Live DMB concerts as you can get them for free by trading with other other fans...
B000003S0B|4.0|The genius on here is on Side 2.  &quot;Cat Food&quot; is a great single - great compsoition, great hooks, great playing and singing, including Keith Tippet's fractured piano playing.  &quot;The Devil's Triangle&quot; is a scarifying track full of distorted mellotron.  The original band had played this music as &quot;Mars&quot;.  Here Fripp has to make it his own, the band having left him, and I think he makes more out of it.  Side 2 sounds like a worthy 3rd side to complement the band's first two sides from &quot;In The Court&quot;.<br />Side 1 is junk though - it's an almost exact replay of the first album's 1st 3 songs (same style and similar lyrics).  And in each case, the song on the original album has more going for it.  There is at least some small value to this music because of the quality of the recording and the quality of the players (Fripp with Michael and Peter Giles, with Greg Lake singing).
B000000OTU|5.0|BIG ONES is Aerosmith`s ultimate collection of songs. Their best songs is all here, including &quot;Cryin`, Angel, Livin` on the Edge, What it takes, Amazing,  Blind Man, Janie`s got a gun...I could list them all..This is probably the one and only cd I can listen to over and over again, because it`s like built up of supreme songs, which is great alone, but is even more great on a record together. And there is no doubt that Aerosmith masters the elements of Rock, Boogie and Real Power Ballads. I`ve just ordered the new Ltd. Edition(2cd) of BIG ONES, and I can`t wait to hear the new stuff. Aerosmith Rocks, and Rocks even bigger with this ultimate Collection!
B000003S0D|4.0|Fripp was still collaborating with Peter Sinfield.  And Sinfield's lyrics here, as on the preceding albums, were unique and sometimes brilliant.  They was keeping the name afloat, but hadn't yet found a permanent band - Fripp was doing a lot of the heavy lifting.  The musicians he uses on this album fill their roles adequately with the possible exception of the drummer, who overplays a bit.<br />The music - Side 1 sounds familiar to the contents of the band's first two albums.  The most unique, and also the strongest of the tracks, is &quot;Circus&quot; which recaptures the first album's menace and foreboding.<br />Side 2 is something new, a progression forward.  Fripp writes a progressive-rock sounding &quot;suite&quot; with sweet melodies and space for an orchestra to contribute.  The hooks are there are the piece works, though it could have been shorter.  Jon Anderson sings on the piece.
6305657939|5.0|The newest edition of The Thomas Crown Affair is absolutely amazing!! It mixes wonderful drama with comedy and romance. TCA involves a well-written script along with great actor chemistry. Rene Russo and Pierce Brosnan make for a stunning couple in this new rendition of The Thomas Crown Affair. Pierce adds such spice to Thomas Crown, with a style that no one could ever emulate! Rene brings a sophisticated yet wild spirit to break this so-called businessman into loving and trusting her. The two have great on-screen chemistry as well as off-screen. This movie is recommended to any &quot;incurable romantic&quot; out there! Go see it ASAP!
B000003S0I|5.0|The second great version of King Crimson.  They came out of the box strong here, all members contributing brilliantly in some relatively equivalent proportion.  Robert Fripp has characterized his intention on some of the pieces as wanting to combine the passion you hear in African-American music and in Jimi Hendrix with aspects of the European tradition (precision and symmetry in composition) ala Stravinsky - he and the band actually did that here.  Music doesn't get much better than this.<br />Larks' Tongue 1 &amp; 2, and Easy Money, fit the bill I've just described.  They are crafted, played, and recorded brilliantly.  &quot;Talking Drum&quot; is an effective jam, a study in rhythm and dissonance.  &quot;Book of Saturdays&quot; and &quot;Exiles&quot; are vocal ballads - I can actually live without them.  But that doesn't diminish the album, which is a real undereheard classic.
B00003CXPD|5.0|Hi there as I am the only one here so far that is English, I thought i would have to write a review. Billy Elliot, is to me the best film of this year,.I loved it so much from the very beginging to the very end, not one bit of the film was boring, it kept up the pace the whole time. Jamie bell is so wacthable, &amp; a good dancer &amp; is so sweet I wanted to give him a great big cuddle. This film will make you cry, beause of Jamie`s performance  &amp; because of the story line. Coming from England &amp; reading about the mine strike when i was little made it feel even more real. Also I loved the music &amp; my favouite  bit is when the brillant julie walters, (another of my favourite pepole), &amp; billy danced to T~Rex`s &quot;I want to Boogie&quot;, I love that song. You will be moved by this film,. There is quite a bit swearing , but its almost fitting in that atmosphere where real pepole went through a lot of suffering. I recomend you buy it or rent it, but wacth it.
B000003S0F|4.0|The actual band that Fripp assembled here was a slipshod conglomeration prone to lame blues-based &quot;jamming&quot;.  They ranged from mediocre to terrible (for an example of the latter, check out the &quot;King Crimson Collectors Club&quot; recording of them attempting to jam on Pharoah Sanders' &quot;The Creator Has A Master Plan&quot; - it's pathetic!).  <br />But Fripp, who (let's give him credit) was working (struggling) to make music worthy of the name bequeathed to him by the original Crimson, managed to get one good album out of them.  It posesses thankfully little of this band playing 4/4 &quot;jams&quot; full of saxophone, which seems to be all they aspired to from the hours' worth of them playing that I've heard.  It adds up to a coherent, different, beautiful little record worthy of the King Crimson canon.  What does it posess?<br />Track 1 - an airy ballad Track 2 - some not-especially-brilliant jamming which seems to be inspired by Pharoah Sanders.  This is followed by the one really great musical segment on here, 6 or 7 minutes in length I would guess from memory, in which Fripp plays well and Ian Wallace plays brilliantly.  It's guitar and sax playing figures and soloing on top of a clever fragmented beat. Track 3 - Fripp's old &quot;Drop In&quot; music from the original Crimson, cannibalized and topped with some melodramatic lyrics - could be recorded better.  The whole &quot;very soft then VERY LOUD&quot; trick was getting old. Track 4 - simmering sexual piece played slowly that does seem to recall Lennon and Plastic Ono Band as one reviewer noted. Track 5 - short classical piece for strings Track 6 - spacious, airy, enlongated ballad
B00004SCX6|3.0|Hard to believe that an average album such as Britney Spears' debut could sell millions on millions of copies, just in the span of a few years.  Because the first one sold criminally well, it would seem logical to follow it up with an album of similar-sounding music, which is exactly what she does.  Immaculately produced, like the first, in an attempt to hide its' deficiencies, the album overall is pleasant enough, with occcasional sparks of greatness--while the title track is a rip-off of the last album's title track, 'Lucky' stands out as one of her better records, and Mutt Lange contributes 'Don't Let Me Be The Last To Know', her finest attempt to date at executing a ballad.  While her tripping-on-helium voice remains an acquired taste, depending on whether you like music for the songs or the actual singing, she actually only makes one serious error here-a  REALLY BAD take on the Stones' 'Satisfaction', which even Rodney Jerkins can't seem to salvage.  Otherwise, a pretty decent follow-up.
B000003S0P|4.0|Why Fripp chose to disband after recording this, I don't understand.  Side 1 takes the band further into metallic overdrive.  Defining characteristics are Fripp's guitar on the title track and Bruford's fractured playing on &quot;One More Red Nightmare&quot;.<br />Side 2 starts with a disposable improvisation from a concert in Providence, called &quot;Providence&quot;.  It then contains a brilliant (and brilliantly-played) composition, &quot;Starless&quot; that ranks with the band's finest - words can't really describe it.  It's orgasmic though.
0517122707|5.0|Obviously, our friend tacsat_guru is an unintelligent, boring person.  I'm sorry to say that, I am, but that is my opinion.  I have other opinions, ones that seem to match those of the general public.      A Confederacy of Dunces is one of the best, funniest and most exciting books I have ever read.  I could not put it down.  I got this book to read while traveling, and because of that I was in public places as I read.  Everywhere I went with this book people gave me strange looks because of the countless times I laughed out loud.  I was almost brought to tears on more than one occasion.     Not only is the story funny, it has a lot of heart and a deep and poweful meaning and purpose.  It is about dreams, aspirations, love, successes, failures, relationships.  A Confederacy of Dunces is a spiderweb of captivating characters and situations.  It is a MUST READ for anyone who has any sense of taste, humor and appreciation for the subtle beauty of life... unlike our friend tacsat_guru.  Oh jeez, I insulted him again.  I'm sorry.  But he has insulted me with his review of this wonderful book.
B000002IRL|5.0|I am completely shaken by the quality of this album. Highlites are aplenty. From the slow introduction of the lead off track to the final notes of the final one, this album is incredible. My personal favorites are thanx for nothin`, horroscope, nice day...for a funeral, and solitude. But again, there are no fillers here. I decided to buy this album because it is supposed to be their best. I dont know if it is, but what`s sure is that it`s a hell of a ride from beginning to end! You can trust me on this one, buy it! This coming from a guy who listens to groups ranging from AC/DC to Megadeth to Entombed, etc. I can assure you it`s as good as anything else. Rock on!
630439845X|5.0|I loved the movie. And would Love to find out who wrote it and if the book has or will be published. If anyone has any info it would be greatly appreciated.
B000056K04|5.0|One of the common frustrations of listeners and critics alike of bands who reach successful heights is that they have a tendency to plateau.  Many bands refuse to do anything new or outside of their musical comfort zone.  However, the ones that do take a chance and are still successful are those who go down in history as some of the greats.  The Beatles, The Stones, u2, and many others challenged themselves and constantly tried to one-up their previous albums.<br />Not that DMB is anywhere near the caliber (yet) of those bands, but their latest effort is a true departure from their ecclectic mix that we have heard on their prior albums.  Glen Ballard brings a new sound to the table, and provides the band new direction that is not only beneficial, but much more cutting edge than Crowded Streets and Crash.  <br />Personally, I have had this in the CD-player for over a month now and have yet to grow tired of any of the songs.  It's a rare album that can be played start to finish without any skipping of tracks.  And for the 3 of you people out there who have yet to hear the DMB, this is a great start.  It's rare that I would recommend a bands 4th album as the one to listen to first (I usually recommend the bands first project) but this album encapsulates everything that is great about DMB: raw, unadulterated fun with a ton of different sounds.  It epitomizes why so many people want to see them live.  Because they sound GOOD!
0060977493|5.0|It really is amazing how good this book is. I highly recommand it to everone, who loves to dive into the world of this family for some days, because I am sure, that once started you will finish it quite easily. Even now, one month after finishing it I surprise myself still thinking about this fascinating language and about the choice of words Arundathi Roy uses sometimes. Although it is located in India, to be more precise in Kerala - the place does not matter - this story could even be that of your neighbour, because you will discover that India is nearer than you thought.
B00005AFVR|2.0|the flow of the concert is chopped up. some of the performances are not worth capturing for posterity: ramrod, out in the streets, prove it all night. &quot;the land of hope and dreams&quot; has weak lyrics that sound like they were created by a computer program using bruce's old lyrics as a database. some good moments to be sure. but when is bruce going to release a live album that captures his live show. this sure ain't it.
0446677450|5.0|Very good book.  It gives a broad view of how to manage your money.  There are many books out there that are either too broad and don't provide any info, or are too specific and don't take into account that people are in all different types of financial situations.  This book, although it is broad, gives reference to many other books that are more &quot;topic-specific&quot; (real estate, personal finance, etc.).  It allows the readers to look at different types of investment opportunities, find out which one is most feasible to them, and where to gain more specific information regarding the subject.  Basically, the author says &quot;There are many different investment opportunities.  They are _____.  If you want to know more specific information about _____, the book _____ is worth reading.&quot;  Since reading his book a few weeks ago, I have finished one of the books he has recommended, and I am now on my second one.
B00001XT76|5.0|\\"Dirty Dancing\\" is a deceptive film in many ways. The title alone implies a kind of steamy sexuality that belies what is otherwise an old fashioned story about romance and decency. But \\"Dirty Dancing\\" is more than just a love story. It is also a classic tale of tribal evolution.<br />Patrick Swayze plays Johnnie a dance instructor at a wealthy retreat in the Catskills during the early sixties. Jennifer Gray plays \\"Baby\\" a wealthy young vacationer who falls in love with Johnnie. The film is fraught with the usual class differences (Johnnie's set is poor, Baby's is rich) and tragic misunderstandings (Baby's father thinks Johnnie is immoral when if fact he is decent and honest.). This produces that kind of tension that makes the love affair between Johnnie and Baby a little more interesting than--say-- if they sat by the creek all day exchanging vows of passion.<br />The real plot of \\"Dirty Dancing\\" is that a tribe of people has failed to evolve with the changing times. In order to evolve, the tribe requires a hero to invigorate it with new concepts and a new vision. The tribe in this case is the vacationers (the parents and their young adult children) at the retreat in the Catskills. The hero, of course, is Johnnie. <br />In the final scene of the movie, an older vacationer tells one of the servants that the retreat has lost much of its vigor and that the children prefer vacations in Europe to spending the summer with their parents in the Catskills (Gee, what a surprise!). He delivers his monologue as the children perform an obsolete, dull, and out-of-tune musical skit before the assembled vacationers. At that moment, Johnnie who has hitherto been banished from the tribe makes a surprise entrance. He snatches Baby from the protective grip of her family, brings her to the stage and invigorates the tepid assembly with an amazing dance routine. As the crowd woops and cheers to Johnnie and Baby's antics, the old man who previously lamented the tribe's lack of enthusiasm realizes that Johnny's style and performance is the answer. Johnnie speaks to the younger generation with a new idea and a new style. In doing so, he motivates them to remain with the tribe (that is to take boring vacations with their parents instead of going to Venice for the summer). In claiming his woman and reinstating himself in the tribe he also initiates a vital fertility rite. Love, justice, and rock and role pull the Catskill vacationers out of the doldrums and help push them into a new era (of yet more dull vacations in the Catskills).
B0000027RL|1.0|yeah. this is rock and roll at its finest. glad they released a million live cd's of their 2000 tour too. they ain't corporate at all. jeez. my oh my. well, better than hip hop i guess.
B00005B1W5|4.0|This is a fantastic DVD with beautiful music by Yanni.  Best of all, the concert is played at the two most beautiful man-make wonders of the world, Taj Mahal and the Forbidden City. The recording was good and you will definitely be entertained. This DVD thus comes with many extras, on the making of the concert and also beautiful scene of both China and India. If you like Yanni, then this is a must buy! The only reason why I gave it a 4 stars was that it was not on DTS.
B00005A1PR|5.0|I have not stopped playing this CD since I purchased it and have bought it as a gift for others!!!!!! India.Arie is one talented lady and I wish her much success!
B00004HYLF|5.0|Add my name to those heaping praise upon this album.  Sit down for a moment and fantasize about what it would be like to put together an all-star four-piece band.  If you could wave a magic wand and put together a stellar pianist, bassist, guitarist, and drummer, each a top-notch virtuoso but also all capable of working well together, what wonderous music could they create? When you're done dreaming, put on this album, and you'll find it's not a dream, it's quite real, and the music will live up to the dream.  Alright, that's pretty high praise, and after all, these are only men, not gods.  But still, this album is pretty damn impressive.  Especially the title track.  There's something magical about the idea of four guys sitting down on simple accoustic instruments-- no gimmicks, no studio tricks, no fancy electronics-- and producing music like that just out of their own skill and talent.
B000050HTO|5.0|Even though a true greatest hits album for dylan would take atleast another double cd, these songs are amazing with most of them being masterpieces.A must buy  for anbody curious about Dylan
0345440757|4.0|I found this book to be very helpful when I was trying to get my son to sleep through the night.  Die-hard breastfeeders and proponents of &quot;attachment&quot; parenting aren't going to agree with Tracy, but they are also going to be the ones with kids who never sleep through the night and who have behavior problems later.
B000002BYD|5.0|This album still keeps the Pearl Jam flavor, but sounds more in the vain of a Classic Rock album.  In my opinion, it is just as good (if not better than)'Ten' and is much more accessible.  Every song is easy to get into and can be listened to over and over again without wearing out.  Tracks range from Pearl Jam's signature fast-hard grunge rock (Brain of J, Do the Evolution) to a slower and softer pace (Wishlist, All Those Yesterdays) to strange and experimental (Red Dot, Push Me. Pull Me).  I absolutely cannot stop listening to this album.
B00000064G|3.0|Based on the accolades and superlatives about this album from all of the five-star reviewers, I very nearly purchased this album without listening (I've never heard Drake's music on tv or elsewhere).  However, I did download the full version of \\"Pink Moon\\" and listened to 30 second samples of all of the other songs on the disk, and I have to say that was time well spent.  Therefore you should feel free to take this review with a significant grain of salt - I have only listened to one song all the way through [this has since changed - see below].  Possibly if I listened to the full disk I might like it, but I didn't hear much hear that would really appeal.  To be fair, I rated this cd one more star than I felt it deserved.      Ok, so who am I to judge this album without listening to every bit of every song? I have a broad taste in music, but I prefer music with guitars in it.  My current interest is blues, but I have cds ranging from numerous classical works to John McLaughlin to Sonia Dada to U2 to Hendrix to Third Eye Blind.  I like every kind of music except rap, opera, country and bluegrass.  I have purchased over 400 albums and cd's and seen more than 350 live acts.  Without question, musical preferences are quite subjective, but I feel I know enough about music that I can be a reasonably knowledgeable and fair judge of a particular band or album.    So, who is Nick Drake?  The answer:  an English folk singer who died from an amitriptyline overdose (probably committed suicide) three years after recording this very terse (less than 29 minutes) album.  Numerous other reviewers feel this fact deserves a lot of consideration in their opinion of the album.  I'm not so sure that it does.  I don't think much of people who are too weak to face their problems in life.  I recognize that there are many people with genuine psychological problems that require treatment, but I see no reason to make an average, depressed Joe into a martyr solely based on his suicide (e.g. Kurt Cobain).     Many reviewers have commented that it was Drake's depression that has given his singing a powerful melancholy tone.  In retrospect, after reading some of those comments subsequent to listening to a few tracks, I can see that his emotional state may well have influenced his tone.  However, even considering the circumstances surrounding the recording of this album, I still don't think too much of Drake's singing.  I find it neither sweet and melodic nor particularly touching and poignant.      In fact, I believe that the best characterization of the sound of Drake's voice is that he seems tired and drunk.  He slurs a bit on a number of his lyrics.  If one did not know the name of the title track of the album and just had to guess based on Drake's singing, many people would think this song was called \\"pink-ah-moon,\\" rather than P I N K  M O O N.  Some artistic liberties with singing are fine, but it quite annoyed me that Drake is unable to annunciate correctly a pair of monosyllabic, four-letter words that are the name of the song and the album; I found this to be especially difficult to tolerate when all there is to hear on this song, besides Drake's guitar and a bit of overdubbed piano, is Drake's voice.  The lyrics are just as terse as the rest of the music on this album and I am inclined to think that the reviewer who found them, upon reflection, rather less clever than he originally did, was correct.  For some reason, a lot of people think that a performer being tired is some sort of triumphant display of artistry - Bill Murray got such rave reviews for his exhausted character in Lost in Translation - when there are few other emotions that are as easy to display as tiredness.    I expected beautiful sounding accoustic guitar playing and melodies that would be haunting and memorable.  Again, though, I just didn't hear any such qualities in Drake's musicianship.  Mostly, Drake's playing is just strumming along and does not show much creativity or mastery of the guitar.    As I stated before, musical tastes are very subjective - I think a lot of popular singers sound horrible, yet I still really like the voices of Neil Young and Keith Richards, who I admit have rather poor-sounding voices.  I'm not writing this review to slam the album or the artist, but merely to advise music fans to make up their own minds, notwithstanding the number of stars others gave this recording. Overall, I found Pink Moon to have the same sort of accoustic guitar and singing that I've heard (and often ignored) several dozens of times in coffee shops, eclectic bars and on the street corner.  Give Drake's music a listen before you toss some change in the guitar case.  You may be glad you did.    [EDIT 11-21-08:  OK, I decided to give this critically acclaimed album another chance, so when Amazon had it as one of their 99cent download specials, I downloaded it.  I have since listened to it four time, which I think should be sufficient to give me some inkling of whether or not I will like it and should give sufficient familiarity to assess it accurately.  My opinion of Pink Moon is  ...... [insert drumroll] ........ exactly the same as it was before I bought the album.  This is simply dull acoustic guitar and singing by a very tired-sounding person.  The people raving about Pink Moon have simply been taken in by the emperor's new clothes.      As for those who are so sympathetic to Drake, here's a paragraph quoted from the Wikipedia article on him that might cast him in a bit different and perhaps more accurate light:    \\"Island Records founder Chris Blackwell felt Pink Moon had the potential to bring Drake to a mainstream audience; however his staff were disappointed by the artist's unwillingness to undertake any promotional activity. A&R manager Muff Winwood recalls \\"tearing his hair out\\" in frustration, and admits that despite Blackwell's enthusiastic support, \\"the rest of us would have given him the boot.\\"[62] However, following persistent nagging from Boyd, Drake agreed to an interview with Jerry Gilbert of Sounds Magazine.[63] In the only Drake interview ever published, the \\"shy and introverted folk singer\\" spoke of his dislike of live appearances, and very little else.[64] \\"There wasn't any connection whatsoever\\", Gilbert has said. \\"I don't think he made eye contact with me once. If you wanted to be uncharitable, you could say he was just a spoiled boy with a silver spoon and went around feeling sorry for himself.\\"[64] Disheartened and convinced he would be unable to write again, Drake decided to retire from music. He toyed with the idea of a different career, even considering the Army.[65]  ]
0380973464|1.0|The story is good but this guy Stephenson makes two or three sentences out of every one. The book is at best a 400 page novel. If he would get to point and stop sputtering bull!@#$ it would be much better. I am by the way an electrical engineer working in software and find it highly unlikely that any disciplined mind could put up with so much fluff instead of the story. Stephenson is highly overrated
B00003CXMG|2.0|I'd rather mow the lawn than watch this again! The movie was slow going and not exciting in the least. A story about a musical journalist KID that rides along with a bad on tour and experiences life on the road. The movie is not all that!!! Those that gave this movie such high ratings haven't seen a good movie in a long time. Where's my lawnmower.....
0385335482|5.0|This would make a shopaholic so proud! It is right on the money (so to speak) about how the mind of a shopaholic works. Rebecca Bloomwood can't afford her seemingly glamorous lifestyle. She lives in an apartment in one of London's trendiest areas, is a successful financial journalist in which she gives advice to readers on how to handle their money (ironic, huh?), and has a wardrobe full of clothes and a vanity full of make-up. Her life, however, is not a bed of roses! There are many hilarious moments in this novel -- especially when Rebecca gets her VISA bill over the limit and overdrafts her bank account.<br />This is a book that every shop lover should read. As a fellow shopaholic, I am able to appreciate this fun and ironic tale of a woman who doesn't how know when to stop spending. A must read!
B00000BKDZ|5.0|To Hell with Powerslave.  This is the best Iron Maiden album of all time, no question about it.  If I were to make a &quot;Best Of&quot; compilation, just about every track on this CD would be included.  Just buy it.  Right now.
B0000025F7|4.0|The bass line kicks it off, Michael doin his lil rap...and then the melody kicks up...instantly you get caught up in the tornado of rhythm and Michael's voice, and you dont land till the albums over.  &quot;Dont Stop Till You Get Enough&quot;, classic dance track, full to the brim of funk and soul with a danceable flow.  &quot;Rock With You&quot; a mid tempo groove fest.  A heavy heavy album.  Establishing Michael as an accomplished artist without his brothers behind him.  Just a totally fun record about dancing and romancing, usually i like a little bit more depth, but the way Michael pulled it off; I couldnt resist.  Make sure not to miss this overlooked Michael album...this album shows him at his Zen along with Thriller.
B000002MFN|4.0|Madonna opened the 90s with this definitive record that was intentionally bolder than her previous outings. As a tie-in with Sex and Body of Evidence, the essence of this understated album was lost. On its own, the album conveys a statement of rampant boldness and boundless creativity. Unfortunately, it was way too understated.<br /> The sensual opener, which is also the title track, is a cool mixture of deep beats with a slight electronic tinge - listen to the William Orbit mix and you'll know how the Ray of light album concept might have evolved. Unfortunately, it was often associated with lewdness especially accompanied by a controversial S&M video as well as the notorious SEX book.<br /> Not forgetting her dance roots, there were such club faves like Deeper and Deeper, the Peggy Lee-remake Fever and the waxing-lyrical Words.<br /> Two tracks worthy of mention are the ballads Bad Girl and Rain. Both are sombre and generally reflects Madonna's life at the top. Rain, especially, is emotive with synthesized thunder and a nice spoken bridge. Undoubtedly the best track off Erotica.<br /> Tracks like Where Life Begins, Why It's So Hard and Secret Garden are mostly forgotten esp. when the last 2 tracks are found near the end. All of them have their messages to be read and understood.<br /> Sadly, this is an understated and often misunderstood album. Though not commercially viable, it stands out as a classic album which embodies strength and courage.
B000023VR6|5.0|I never really cared much for Dr Dre's music until this album came out, and I'll be the first to admit it. And I'm not the hugest fan of Rap, either. I only like several Rap artists. I'm more of a Pop music kind of teenager. But Dr Dre is awesome! My favorite tracks are: &quot;Still D.R.E.&quot; (featuring Snoop Dogg), &quot;What's the Difference?&quot; (featuring Eminem and Xzibit), &quot;Forget About Dre&quot; (featuring Eminem), and &quot;The Next Episode&quot; (featuring Snoop Dogg). The rest of the songs on 2001 are incredible pieces of music, too.<br />Dr Dre is probably one of the world's most respected Rap artists. He's got his own record label and signed some of the other greatest Rap artists in history including Eminem and Xzibit. Dr Dre - whether you believe it or not - is a positive role model for many young people out there. He's the King of Rap. If you love Rap, then I definitely suggest this album. Even if you don't like Rap music, then I'd still recommend this to you and you might even learn to like Rap after listening to this. 2001 is one of the best Rap albums ever. Go out and buy it!
B000003S2O|5.0|On Land is an important, interesting record in so many different ways. I have always been intrigued by the concept of the album, Eno is trying to create a collage of different places, similar to the way you remember a certain place or time in your mind. Indeed, the album is dense with auditory imagery and each piece makes you feel as if you are in a different surrounding. Many complain that this is music to sleep to. Yes, this has been known to induce lucid dreaming, in fact, but that does not mean that it is in any way a boring record, in fact quite the opposite. You just need to have patience and a probing ear. Many fans of eno have said this record is too dark and dreary, but I would describe it more as enveloping and dream-like. Any way you look at it, On Land is quite worth the price if you are at all interested in different styles of ambient music or in the musical life of Brain Eno.
630200084X|5.0|The most important thing at first: I love &quot;Cinema Paradiso&quot;! Although I watched the original version a countless times, I am still deeply moved by the wonderful mixture of joy, happiness, sadness and tragic - all this in the very same moment. This is definatly European cinema at it's best - there is nothing compareable to Giuseppe Tornatores masterpiece in the past and I am quite sure, there is nothing more brilliant to come in the future.<br />So far for the original version! Not long ago I realized, that there was another version - more than an hour longer. And despite the fact, that for an native German speaker it is a rather a tough experience to watch an Italian movie with English subtitles, I immediately ordered the VHS and a few days later I saw my &quot;Cinema Paradiso&quot; as a &quot;Special Edition&quot;.<br />But now anything I feel is some sort of ambivalence! It's true, the extended version adds a lot of explanation to the movie - mostly at the end of Salvatores youth. It's true, that there is a bunch of question marks in the original version, which become resolved only in this release (e.g. the story of the waiting soldier). And again, it's true, that all layers of the plot now fit together in a proper way.<br />But the price to pay is too high! Perhaps this is very subjective, but from my point of view much of the movie's magic has gone forever. The wonderful and heartwarming friendship between Salavtore and Alfredo, the key element of the movie itself has become questionable; understanding the motives of Alfredos acting is now totally unreproducible for me. And although the brilliant last scene of the movie hasn't changed at all, this wonderful mixture of joy, happiness, sadness and tragic has suddenly vanished.<br />People who see this film as one of many others can take the &quot;Special Edition&quot; for its more coherent plot. But guys like me, who want to approach this movie in a completly different way, should reconsider this step over and over again. Even I still think, that this film is a inimitable masterpiece of movie arts, I deeply regret, that &quot;Cinema Paradiso&quot; will never be the same movie, I once fell in love.
B00004Z459|5.0|I got this around a month ago.  The main reason why i bought it was because of their two releases, &quot;One step CLoser&quot; and &quot;Crawling&quot;.  I was expecting the usual indie type CD with only 4 to 5 good songs.  But surpisingly, this band has successfully made a CD with ALL good songs.  They don't have the same &quot;umph&quot; to it the whole CD through but there is always some &quot;umph&quot;.  Some songs concetrate on the rapper, some on the singer, on the DJ, and even on the guitar.  Very different beats and memorable riffs.  This is the kind of group that makes me want to join some band.  If you like Limp, KoRn and etc., you will like this.  It's totally different from those but it's the same in the sense that it's something different.  Best tracks include, &quot;one step closer&quot;, &quot;In the End&quot;,  &quot;Cure for the Itch&quot; &quot;Papercut&quot;, &quot;Runaway&quot;, and &quot;Crawling&quot;
6305781427|5.0|Amazin..great quality video,and sound.Buy Dvd Version.. you will never despair....
B00005AFVR|3.0|So far, everything I've heard and/or read about this CD has been positive. I just want to say that if you're expecting more of the same here, you're going to be disappointed--just like I was with this CD. Live in New York City is strictly for the fans, in particular those who were at the shows. There's been a lot of hype surrounding the song, \\"American Skin (41 Shots). While this is sure to boost sales among existing fans, there's too much filler (and/or just plain awful performances) on here to convert anyone. The songs included here were all taken from Springsteen's 10-night stand at Madison Square Garden last summer. Before I get too far into this review, I should point out that there are some decent performances here. You just have to program around the bad ones. <br />A better name for this CD would've been The Gospel According to Bruce (thanks go out to Entertainment Weekly for that one). Too much of it sounds like a sermon, with Springsteen preaching to the crowd. The prime offender is the bloated 16-minute version of \\"Tenth Avenue Freeze-Out.\\" This song will have you lunging for the eject button on your CD player. The song itself is bad enough, without being stretched out like this. Then, to make matters worse, he lets Patti Scialfa sing part of \\"Rumble Doll\\" in the middle of it. I have to point out that prior to this release, I liked Scialfa's vocals, especially when she would harmonize with Bruce. However, in this particular instance, it's almost as if she's become Bruce's \\"Linda\\" (no offense intended toward Linda McCartney whatsoever).<br />Let's get into the individual songs. Disc one starts off with a rocking version of \\"My Love Will Not Let You Down.\\" Not a bad start, although The Boss' vocals leave something to be desired. They don't get any better on \\"Prove it All Night\\" either, where he sounds like he's been singing for hours. Musically, it's great, but the vocals just don't cut it. Surely out of all the shows he played at MSG, they could've come upwith a better performance for the CD. Aside from \\"Atlantic City,\\" things really don't pick up till he gets to \\"Youngstown\\" with its blistering guitar solo, and \\"Murder Incorporated.\\" \\"Out in the Street,\\" a personal favorite, is another disappointment, especially the vocals at the end. The best thing about the first disc is the unlisted bonus track--a great version of the New Jersey state theme song, \\"Born to Run.\\"<br />Disc two is by far the better of the two CDs, aside from the 16-minute waste of plastic that I mentioned earlier. Once you get past that, things pick up considerably. The two new songs, \\"Land of Hope and Dreams\\" and the previously mentioned \\"American Skin,\\" are up next. \\"Land of Hope and Dreams\\" is about twice as long as it needs to be, but both of these songs make worthy additions to the Springsteen canon--particularly \\"American Skin.\\" In a move aimed at his longtime fans, Bruce goes all the back to his first album for a gripping version of the rarely played \\"Lost in the Flood.\\" The other big surprise for most listeners will be the acoustic, delta blues version of \\"Born in the U.S.A.\\" After a tepid \\"Jungleland\\" and the always boring \\"Ramrod,\\" Springsteen wraps up the album with the ballad, \\"If I Should Fall Behind.\\" Unfortunately, as on \\"Out in the Street,\\" he decides to let everyone in the band have a chance at the microphone, effectively ruining the song. That's fine for guitarist Nils Lofgren. He's got a good voice &amp; it's refreshing to hear him sing again. But do we really need to hear Clarence Clemons or Steve Van Zandt on lead vocals? I don't think so.<br />Live in New York City could've been a great album. Instead it's a mish-mash of good and bad performances, and poor editing/fades between songs. For such a high-profile release like this one, they should have taken the additional time to do it right. Bruce isn't going to win any new fans with this release. If you want to hear The Boss at his best, check out Live 1975-85. It's got better material, and more of it. This album is a fair souvenir for the people who saw the shows at MSG. Then again, those are the people who will know what's missing too.
B00003CXGG|1.0|So your gonna make a movie with one of the fastest most leathal human beings alive,who can do any kind of stunt with his body.so they decide to use WIRES ? What were these people thinking about? this is the only person in the world who needs no help doing physical movement.The movie is killed as soon as they show this stupid act.The movie sucks.bartkowiak redeems himself with &quot;exit wounds&quot;,atleast you know WHY the wires were used .
B000050XEI|5.0|I have been a fan of Enya since I found a CD in a shop in Ireland as an exchange student. This CD is her best work yet, combining great lyrics, wonderful music, and her unmistakeable voice. &quot;Only Time&quot; brings tears to my eyes for many reasons, and the rest of the CD is equally as good. Buy this and enjoy!
0855328355|5.0|It's great book fror everybody. Explanes the tecniques well. Illustrations are helps to create. With a little help of your imagination you can create perfect flowers with Silk Ribbons. I started to look for other books from Ann Cox.<br />Recomended for everybody...
0671042734|3.0|I write this as a complete Carre enthusiast.  His works are the top of literature, and yes, with Greene gone, he is the best in Britain.  TTSS is alittle hard to get into, but it certainly grabs you by eyeballs once you meet Prideaux (that would be page...uh, 1?).  I started reading it knowing who was the mole (The Secret Pilgrim is a spoiler), but that made it more enjoyable in the how-did-he-do-it sense.  But if you want to get to know JLC, don't start here.  Start with easier reading, such as The Spy Who Came In From The Cold, A Small Town In Germany, or Our Game, or my all-time favourite The Night Manager.  Got it?  Good.  Spying is Waiting.<br />/Alec Corday
B00004YKUY|3.0|If your idea of the perfect Journey album is &quot;Raised on Radio&quot; or &quot;Trial by Fire&quot;, this album is not for you.  However, if you were offended by the pretentiousness brought to the table by Steve Perry during that era, you will love &quot;Arrival&quot;.  Some of the tracks on this album fit perfectly into the material from &quot;Escape&quot;, and some into the pre &quot;Captured&quot; era.  This is a rock album with solid writing and the signature sound that made Journey so special.  If you like to smile, this is a must for your car CD player this summer.
B00005ABX0|5.0|Smile was supposed to be Brian Wilson and the Beach Boys' magnum opus, their masterpiece.  The album was to be an absolute groundbreaking collection of music on the par with the greatest music ever released.  Unfortunately the sessions for the album broke Brian Wilson and its full genius was never realized.  Bits and pieces of the sessions did see the light of day and they are fabulous.  &quot;Good Vibrations&quot; was recorded prior to the Smile sessions and at the time was the most expensive single ever made costing in the range of $100,000. to produce.  The money was well spent as the song is a mini-symphony that employs strange and unheard of instruments and sounded like nothing before and really nothing since.  &quot;Heroes &amp; Villains&quot; is the best known song from the Smile sessions and it kicks off Smiley Smile, which is the remains of the aborted sessions.  It is done in a &quot;Good Vibrations&quot; vein and a good song.  Other Smile leftovers include, among others, &quot;Vegetables&quot;, &quot;Wind Chimes&quot; &quot;Gettin' Hungary&quot;.  There are some other solid songs like &quot;With Me Tonight&quot; and &quot;Wonderful&quot; and the album is well above average, but it has a what could have been feeling hanging over it.  Wild Honey on the other hand is an unexpected surprise.  The album has a loose feel to it without all the heavy production of the previous release.  The songs are straightforward and have a R&amp;B flavor to them.  The title track is a marvelous song and one of their more underrated numbers. &quot;Country Air&quot;, &quot;I Just Once Love To See Her&quot; and &quot;A Thing Or Two&quot; are good as well.  &quot;Darlin'&quot; is a pretty song and one of their most enduring.  This collection is great to listen to as you get two sides of the Beach Boys.  Smiley Smile shows the tortured genius of Brian Wilson and Wild Honey shows the simpler side of the band after Brian Wilson's input waned.
B000002NAK|5.0|With 6 Oscar nominations and 1 win (with the Original Song &quot;You Must Love Me&quot;)at the 69th annual Academy Awards , this movie is a genuine hit. Great lyrics set to great orchestration by Andrew Lloyd Webber opened the doors for Madonna and Antonio Banderes to take the show. I reccomend this album and the movie!
B00003CXR1|4.0|In a year full of dramas loaded with violence and adult content.  Chocolat was perhaps the cleanest, and one of the best movies of the year.  Chocolat is a very heart-warming story of a mother and daughter who travel from place to place with the North wind.  But they always leave their mark on each town using their ancient, exotic chocolates.  It's not a rip-roaring comedy, nor an intense drama.  Chocolat is just out there; it has no political message, or hidden meaning.  It's just a nice story brought to life by great acting on the parts of Juliette Binoche, Judi Dench, and a cast of other loveable characters.  The filming location is in a tiny village in France, which provides an excellent, atmospheric backdrop to the plot of the story.  The film also contains perhaps the best original score written for a movie in 2000.  Juliette Binoche plays her first big American film since 1996's The English Patient, and earns her second Academy Award nomination. (For Best Actress In A Leading Role)  All in all, Chocolat picked up five Oscar nominations including Best Picture.  And it has been a critical success as well, winning the hearts of audiences all across the globe.  Apparently one taste of Chocloat is all it takes.
B00004WGAI|4.0|Jane Eyre is perhaps my wife's favorite novel. On successive birthdays, holidays, etc., I've bought for her every version of Jane Eyre that I could find.  We agree that this is the most enjoyable version.  My wife noted the minor deviations from the book but thought they didn't matter overall.  I've never read the original, but I think Timothy Dalton is the most feeling, engagingly human of all the Rochesters I've seen, while Zelah Clark is simply matchless as Jane.  This is the version I recommend to everyone--and I hope it's available soon on DVD.
B000002BUY|5.0|Although a previous reveiwer with heavy tastes did not enjoy this,I do.It's more melodic than my usual fare,but great music is simply great music.Although that may sound odd coming from a Slipknot/Nothingface/Hatebreed/Ultraspank fan, it remains true.Sure my tastes lean to more heavy,aggressive music,but Incubus flat out rock.They are talented and intelligent.This CD contains great tracks like &quot;New Skin&quot; and &quot;Vitamin&quot;.When I want some lighter,funky music,Incubus is the top pick.
B00004TRD8|5.0|This is my favorite movie and the ultimate edition adds more kick to it!<br />What else can be said about this movie? Basically, Ahnuld plays the terminator sent back from the future to protect John Connor, Earth's future resistance hero from a more advanced 'liquid metel' terminator.<br />The first time I saw the morphing, I was so impressed and the special effects still looks great now. The action is also super. Ahnuld looks great with the minigun! <br />The ultimate DVD edition is so chockful of good stuff, you just have to get it. The alternative endings themselves are already worth the extra money. They have also added so many other stuff. And the metal casing is so cool looking. <br />An A+ loaded DVD for an A+ movie.
B000002JS6|5.0|To mirror a lot of reviews, a lot of people thought that AC/DC was done when Bon Scott died, but Brian Johnson pretty much fell into their lap and the sound kept rocking and driving...this is what hard rock is about, from beginning to end.
B000059HCI|5.0|I saw 'Requiem for a Dream' in a very small theatre with about 20 strangers.  During the entire film, i was fastened to my seat, my mind and body enraptured in it all. Ellen Burstyn deserves to snatch that Oscar away from Julia; her performance is one of the few rare ones that I've seen by a lead actor that is so hauntingly real and exhibits beauty and realism that few actors possess, especially nowadays. The refrigerator scene is marvelous, and brought me to tears. She is a beautiful woman, and very brave; not many actresses would throw themselves into a movie that requires them to look about 50 pounds heavier and 25 years older. I never thought Marlon Wayans would move me as he does in this movie. The story about his mother is heartbreaking. Both Ellen and Jared were willing to transform their bodies (Jared lost quite a lot of weight), and were not afraid to fall apart piece by piece, so realistically, so devoted to look for a way out that would destract them from what is lacking in their lives. Jennifer Collenny is also outstanding.  She is a delicate beauty, surely not the 'ideal' picture of a junkie, yet she goes through an agonzing process to feed her habit, and like the rest of the actors; puts every blood cell and heartbeat into her role. The scene where she screams while in the bathtub made me jump out of my seat. It was also intresting to notice two actors from 'Happiness' having roles in this film. It's sad to notice the lack of recognition that this film has received, but critics and Hollywood usually miss the mark anyway. So open your third eye, take a deep breath, and enjoy the ride.
0736650601|5.0|I saw the movie version of this book in 1984 and later in the 1990's I read the book. It's a great story with many dramatic moments. It's the kind of Romance everyone wished they could live. I especially like the moment at the end when Meggie confronts Ralph with the truth and completely breaks him. I also enjoyed the part when Faye and Frank reunited after 30 years.  I can't say enough good things about this book.
B000000OMP|2.0|No doubt, this album is great. Hard and metal fused together in marvellous and catchy songs like &quot;LOVE AIN'T NO STRANGER&quot;, &quot;GUILTY OF LOVE&quot; and &quot;SLOW AND EASY&quot;. John Sykes playing is fresh here, along with the late Cozy Powell usual competent drumming. So, if I gave this album so much credence, why I rated it only two stars ? Simple. Because, good as it is, this album was clearly the first step to the complete sell out by Whitesnake, which granted their multi-platinum success ( Whitesnake - 1987 ), but which was also responsible for the band loose any identity ( if it ever had one ). Proof of that: WHITESNAKE was progressively going through countless changes in band line-up, until the point that Coverdale finished the band, going totally mainstream with albuns that make you almost forget that this guy once sang in DEEP PURPLE...
B000001Y2U|5.0|This album is one of the best albums of the 90's.  There is not another singer out there like Marilyn Manson.  He is so  original and no one can duplicate his on-stage performances and his eerie voice.  As for the people who degrade Marilyn Manson, it's not his fault he can sing and perform.  For all those Bible beaters out there who believe in God and the Devil don't you think that God gave Marilyn Manson the  talent to sing and perform?  I believe in God, but I love the way Marilyn Manson sings.  His voice is so relaxing and it has a warm feeling to it.  Anyway, this album is a must for anyone who wants to try something different.
0141301155|5.0|Five lucky children are about to be chosen to enter the very mysterious and magical candy factory owned by Mr. Willy Wonka.  When Mr.  Wonka decides that he needs to find someone to take over his magical candy factory, He decides to have a contest. The winner of each of the five golden tickets will be allowed to enter the secretive world of Mr. Wonka.  During their visit, Mr. Wonka will decide which child truly deserves to learn the magical secrets which have made his factory such a success for so many years.  This hilarious and light hearted story will entertain readers of all ages.  Ones imagination is truly utilized as Ronald Dahl allows the reader to become lost in a world of preposterous characters and situations as they embark on the fantastic tour of Wonka's candy factory.  Readers are almost able to taste the delicious, mouth-watering candies created at the factory.  I thoroughly enjoyed this fatastic adventure and encourage readers to embark on this magical and entertaining tour of Wonka's candy factory. There you will meet many interesting characters as you sail down the chocolate river discovering many of Wonka's crazy and intiguing inventions.  Reading this book will enable your imagination to take you on a fantastic adveture!
6305470464|4.0|Playing By Heart is a film I'd recommend to just about anyone. It's the story of 3 generations within the same family struggling with love, and marriage..from the Patriarch Sean Connery and Matriarch Ellen Burstyn rediscovering their love, to their youngest daughter Angelina Jolie, pursuing a quiet outsider type in Ryan Phillipe....this film is one that even guys can enjoy, and that's a positive for any woman who is looking for a tearjerker type of film to watch with their guy.
B000059QYB|4.0|Billy Idol's greatest hits includes almost all of my favorites.  Personally, I would have included &quot;Prodigal Blues&quot; and &quot;Mark of Caine&quot; from &quot;Charmed Life&quot;, &quot;Heroin&quot; from &quot;Cyberpunk&quot;, and &quot;Fatal Charm&quot; from &quot;Whiplash Smile&quot;.  If disc space was a concern, I think he could have left out the last two tracks, and instead opted to put them on his forthcoming CD.<br />While Billy's punk roots are evident in his early material, his Elvis Presley influences are evident in some of his late 80's material.  Sometimes I can almost imagine the King himself singing &quot;To Be a Lover&quot; with his gospel style chorus backing him up, Billy sounds just like him at times.  I hope someday Billy might choose an Elvis song to cover, my top three would be &quot;Blue Suede Shoes&quot;, &quot;Jail House Rock&quot;, and &quot;Heartbreak Hotel&quot;.  Who knows?<br />Anyway, the CD is a good buy (as Greatest Hits usually are), and I had to buy it as well since I didn't have the last two tracks, in addition to only having some early stuff only on cassette.
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|&quot;Scary Movie&quot; is a frenetic, fast-paced and clever spoof of recent teen horror slashers, such as &quot;I Know What You Did Last Summer&quot;, &quot;Scream&quot; and &quot;The Blair Witch Project&quot;. The hilarious, though sometimes unsubtle, gags come in a fast, unrelenting pace, though without becoming wearisome. An extremely funny picture overall, at a suitable length.
B00004YKUY|5.0|I think that Journey is going to do just fine without Steve Perry. They appear to be a cohesive force again. A band that is having fun and really stretching out. I hope they keep it up!
B00005AFVR|5.0|For those of us who cherish the memories of concerts by these artists, this is a gift.  Hard to say they are the best - that is so subjective, and so broad.  But they are damn good in concert.  All the qualities that make rock and roll a sound track to some of our lives are to be found in this band.<br />A live performance caught in a quality recording.  Relive the moment?  No medium will get you there.  But if you have been there then listening to this will help bring you back.<br />As a album distinct from all the others by the band and by Springsteen in other company, I found some noteworthy performances.  A better interplay of singers in harmonies, echos, calls, and alternating on lines than anything I ever heard from the band.  Better playing of instruments than I can recall.  Max Weinberg especially deserves a note for outstanding performance.  The altered arrangements and tempos are wonderful to hear.  More adventurous than usual for this band.  And unlike many of Springsteen's &quot;new&quot; albums since 1990, this one passes the rock and roll test #1 - the louder you play it the better it sounds!<br />I believe people who love the concerts will connect with this album.  People who like his music but never saw a concert might take a few listens to see where they are going.  And people who are not familiar may want to see the HBO performance first.
B000059XUO|5.0|After buying this film on vhs, and considering the original release DVD, I'm glad I waited for the collector's edition. There was a lot of great insight gained from listening to the producers discuss the film while it played, and the extended versions of some scenes were awesome, and in at least one case I feel should have been left in the original cut of the film. The montage of deleted scenes was nice to watch as well, and I think it gave people not familiar with the lore of the book, a keener insight into the world of The Crow.
0060930187|5.0|The minute I began reading this book, I was captivated. No other book has done that for me and initially I was shocked. I expected a less interesting book than it really was. Usually, I critiscize all the books I read but this one is my all-time favorite. Esther Greenwood opens the book as a normal girl trying to write in New York City. She then spirals downward into her eventual breakdown. Sylvia Plath vividly describes Esther's disease and her road to recovery. I know this is a short description but the book is SO good that I didn't want to say more to ruin it. If you are interested in Sylvia Plath, read this book because it will leave a lasting impression. -Melissa, 14 years old
0553573403|5.0|Hail to the new King!  In all my years as a fantasy reader, I have never read a series as captivating as George R. R. Martin's &quot;A Song of Ice and Fire&quot;.  Having read the masters, (Tolkien, Jordan, Goodkind, etc..) I politely promised to read &quot;A Game of Thrones&quot; upon the recommendation of a friend.  Was I suprised as I tore through every page to finish the book in record time!  Martin tells a realistic tale (Realistic for Fantasy) based on elements of real life.  There is no good guy, bad guy distinction is this book.  Martin plays with your emotions by first making you love his heroes, then killing them off, them causing you to think &quot;Well this guy (the killer) isn't really a bad guy, He is just misunderstood.&quot;  I would recommend this series to any reader that is in the mood for a change from tradition good versus evil fantasy.  This is truly a five star series!
0452282152|4.0|There certainly is divided opinion on this novel!  I really enjoyed the recreation of life in Vermeer's household.  The author does a credible job of keeping close to the period history with her detailed descriptions of 17th century Delft life.  Though some readers have complained about the writing, the book is presented from the point of view of the young girl who is forced to be a maid for Vermeer due to her father's disability (he can't practice his trade because his eyes were burned by the kiln's explosion).  The writing then is that of a young girl recounting the daily chores and petty politics of the Vermeer household, trips to market, and her infatuation with Vermeer.  In some ways, it's a love story (quite repressed) complete with jealousy, intrigue and lecherous gropings (not on Vermeer's part!).  Though no one knows for sure the mysteries behind Vermeer's limited output, the author gives us a compelling version of his exacting standards and family situation which did not lend themselves to factory produced paintings.  I found the passages about painting well done and thought-provoking.  Parts of this short novel are positively luminous.  I highly recommend this book to anyone who enjoys historical fiction and is even remotely interested in Dutch painting.  Perhaps diehard historians won't enjoy it, but the rest should find something to please them here.
B00004SU5J|4.0|a great new CD that is predominantly a jazz work with some interesting funk, electronic and blues influences tossed in.  the best tracks on the CD tend to be the ones with the least amount of jazz influence such as #1 Rouse Rouge and #6 Sure Thing.  but since all of the tracks are good it's worth looking at each individually: <br />#1. ROSE ROUGE - a famous jazz hook from Brubeck's &quot;Mr. New York&quot; is the setting for a bluesy, soulful, repititive vocal line of &quot;I want you to get together&quot;;  #2. MONTEGO BAY SPLEEN - a lumbering jazz piece with outstanding jazz guitar work throughout.  makes me really appreciate the guitar again;  #3. SO FLUTE- a funky flute intro, uptempo throughout. unfortunately the piece doesnt really develop after the nice intro. #4. LAND OF - the most traditional jazz piece on the album.  no electronic influence at all.  some gorgeous piano work throughout. shades of the 70's band &quot;The Jazz Crusaders&quot; throughout, particularly with the out front horn section.; #5. LATIN NOTE - a busy samba piece, this time the featured instrument is vibraphone; #6. SURE THING -- great piece, maybe best on the album.  there's a funky texas-rock guitar piece enhanced with a phaser and accompanied by blues vocal with a similar effect applied. it's a seamless combination of a downtempo R&amp;B piece with electronic enhancements prominently featured and it's awesome.  #7. PONT DES ARTS - uptempo lounge piece, consistent beat throughout, probably the most danceable track on the album; #8. LA GOUTTE D'OR - wooden flute featured here.  develops into rhythmic multi-textured drum piece with congas and other traditional percussion instruments. #9. WHAT YOU THINK ABOUT - prominent bass line and bluesy vocal accents close out the album with another jazz laden piece.
1569382603|5.0|Absolutely suberb - well produced - well photographed - well researched - well directed - well done !
B000002GYI|5.0|The first of Kraftwerk's many extended periods of silence was broken with the release of Computer World, a record exploring the ramifications of living in a society dominated by technology. A tightly honed, starkly minimalist effort, its implementation of recent technological advances yields a brighter and sharper sound than ever before; the single &quot;Pocket Calculator&quot; typifies the group at their most playful, while &quot;Home Computer&quot; eerily presages the emergence of techno and house music later in the decade.
0060977493|5.0|This book was a joy to read - the author writes it in a very unique style that captures the associative ways that children think.  She provides just enough information about the storyline at every stage in the book to keep the reader from frustration over the suspense, without sacrificing the reader's desire to continue reading in order to find out what really happened.  I am eagerly awaiting the possibility of a second novel.
B000002H2H|4.0|This is one of the best metal albums ever! I think most would agree that Master Of Puppets is better and I think I go against most people when I say that I prefer Kill Em All, but still this is fantastic.<br />After releasing the killer (and at the time - original) debut, Metallica they release an even better album! Fight Fire With Fire sounds a bit cliched today with the quiet intro but it is one excellent song. Ride The Lightning is another great song and For Whom The Bell Tolls is quite sludgy and very good. They don't make riffs like that anymore! Then comes one of the best Metallica songs ever: Fade To Black. This is a quieter song which builds up progressively and is excellent. Trapped Under Ice and Escape are not so good but are listenable and they don't have me reaching for the skip button. Creeping Death is another excellent Metallica song and along with Fade To Black is one of the albums highlights. Then comes The Call Of The Ktulu. This is probably THE best metal instrumental I've ever heard! And to think that Lars was the only member of the band who was over 20 at the time - you won't find musical maturity like that in most bands - never mind that young - and certainly no nu-metal band will have it today.<br />This belongs in any true Metalheads collection - there aren't many albums that are better than this.
B00004STPT|5.0|I bought this soundtrack without ever hearing it because I had an idea that it would be pretty good, and I was right!  The music is really powerful, and you can imagine the scene in the movie that you're listening to.  It's also really good background music - I listen to it a lot when I'm studying.  I totally recommend this cd!
0590353403|5.0|I am 11 years old, i started hearing about the Harry Potter books when, my mother buyed a Woman's  Day magazine and it contained an article about J.K. Rowling, or Joanne Kathleen Rowling, it also talked about the Harry Potter books, it was like on February of 2000, when the summer vacations arrived, there was a lot of hype because of the fourth book, and i was thinking that this books were to childish, but i said to my self &quot;I Cannot judge a book by it's cover, OK, i will give them a try&quot;, so then i buyed the first one at a store, and a kid asked me &quot;You haven't read any of these books?&quot;, and i answered him &quot;No&quot;, and then he stared at me, with a &quot;How dare you&quot; look on his face, &quot;Well, they are great, read them&quot;, so then, i gotted home, and i gotted a call from my aunt who told me about the HP books she told me they were great books for kids and adults, and i told her that i was just going to open it, and she told me that i would love it, so then i started reading it, and i thought they were very babyish, but when i gotted to chapter 2, i started to like it, and by chapter three, i liked even more, by chapter four i definetly liked, by chapter five i loved it, and by six well i was totally hooked, Miss Rowling's styled of narrating it's very Roald Dahl and Charles Dickens style, only with a new &quot;magic&quot; touch, and i really started loving the series, i have only book one and two, but i have readed some excerpts from book three and four, and they look great, and also it looks like if the stories keep maturing, more, and more, and more, and i cannot believe that people are comparing this series with all the books by J.R.R. Tolkien and C.S. Lewis, they really stink, in fact they make sick, the characters in those books are so one dimensional, specially in &quot;The Hobbit&quot;, if you want really something to read while waiting for book five , i recommend ya &quot;El Principito&quot; by Saint Antonie Expuire (very sorry if i didn't spell it right), &quot;The Odyssey&quot; by Homer, &quot;The Sword in the Stone&quot;,&quot;The Time Machine&quot; and &quot;The Invisible Man&quot; by H.G.Well's, you rather read those than that &quot;Lord of the Rings&quot; trash.<br />P.S.:Here is some info from the Harry Potter fisrt book movie, you can see the trailer, with Quicktime, Windows MediaPlayer, or Real  Video, it will be released on November 16th on bothUSA and UK, and it has been rated PG by the Motion Picture Association of The United Kingdom, i think that by Intense Scenes of Peril, or for some fantasy action violence, if you want a lot of more info check it out.
6305078564|5.0|Oh, what I wouldn't give to live in 1813! When Colin Firth plunges into the lake at Pemberly to drown his lust for Elizabeth Bennett, most women will have to pick their jaws from up off the floor. But don't worry boys, Jennifer Ehle is also fiercely beautiful as the gorgeous Miss Bennett. Jane Austen never looked so good. Please, indulge, there is no better treat. It is pure bliss. You will realise the world is a much better place having watched the exploits of the families Bennett, Darcy, their friends and repulsive relations.
B000059R8Y|4.0|This album is an awesome album for Eric Clapton.  In this I must say that this album will not yield a lot of hits, if any.  This album is meant to just breeze on through your stereo, with the calming and jazzy title track.  The album consists mainly of blues and jazz and soul type styles and is such a pleasing change since Pilgrim (1997).  I think this album is great because Eric is getting back to his blues roots on this one... worth buying for certain
B00005AFVR|4.0|15 years after the 75-85 box Bruce Springsteen now released a collection af songs played during the last two shows of his sold-out MSG stand in June/July 2000. The overall impression is great; great sound, great versions of all the tunes and theres only one negative remark I have to make about the sequencing of the songs: The first announcement of this album spoke only of the first thirteen tracks with &quot;American Skin&quot; ending, being the core songs of every show of this tour showing the spirit of friendship and positive emotions that these concerts were meant to express with the last song being a anti-racist statement proving that Springsteen is still relevant as a songwriter. A few days later, some sort of bonus tracks, great versions of fan favourites such as &quot;Lost In The Flood&quot; were announced to appear on the record as well. Now theres heavy rumours amongst Springsteen fans that his management recognized the massive negative reaction to the first announcement and added these tracks to make sure the die-hard fans would buy it, too. I dont take this too serious, Im only a bit disappointed that those tracks were hidden at the end, Born To Run as a hidden track on disc one is not even mentioned on the back... All those songs in a different listing would have been an almost complete Springsteen show of this tour, the way they are listed now,&quot;Land Of Hope And Dreams&quot;, closing song of 99% of all shows stuck in the middle, for example, it seems somewhat scattered and out of the context they were originally played in. But thats just a point for the die-hard fans who are hardly ever satisfied... For all the others,this is a great piece of live rocknroll music played by one of the best performing bands ever at the peak of their musical abilities it seems. Thanks to the great sound and mixing, one can recognize the great guitar work of Springsteen, Van Zandt and Nils Lofgren, you seldom hear three guitars working together so smoothly.  Bruce Springsteen really seemed to enjoy these concerts, his voice sounds by far more inspired than on the prevoius live releases, lets hope they can keep this positive spirit to record a great new studio album and go back on the road soon, because apart from the Rolling Stones, there is no band that comes close to them when it comes to playing live, so this recording is a must-have for everyone loving rock music.
6304493681|5.0|I knew about this film when, i was reading a magazine called Cinemania, and it said that this film it's considered one of the best anime films of all time, so then i gotted to a Best  Buy store broughted the DVD,WHOA!, i was blown away, the film it's incredibly smart, great philosophical dialouge, great animation, great plot, well i saw the japanese version first, and when i saw the english dub, UGGH!, Manga has never done such terribly dubbing before, it maded the film look like a child common cartoon, and it also the dubbing made it loose it's power and being boring, so then please, please see the japanese version, the only thing that was not bad of the english dubbing was well,the song at ending credits of U2, but Manga maded a mistake by putting it on the japanese ending credits, when it was really a quite calmy/misterious song by Kenji Kawai, in the scene where we see how people are working to, to, well i cannot tell ya that, it would be a definetive spoiler, also i want to tell you that don't think that the movie was bad, because you didn't understand it, well remeber what Roger Ebert said about it it said &quot;Unusally Intelligent and Challenging Science Fiction AIMED AT SMART AUDIENCES&quot;, well you have to see it, i also strongly recommend you &quot;Princess Mononoke&quot;, and &quot;The Castle of Cagliostro&quot; (The Dubbing of Manga in Cagliostro, it's not as horrible as other dubbing they had made).
B00004RHZU|4.0|OK, i think this is a really good cd and that pink is cool, and you should definately buy this if you are a fan of destiny's child, tlc or janet jackson. but for me i wanted to hear some more dance songs, upbeat songs i can dance to (i love to dance!!!) there are only like 4 songs to dance to, &quot;hell wit ya&quot; &quot;there you go&quot; &quot;most girls&quot; and &quot;can't take me home.&quot; other than that though there are some love songs and her lyrics rocks.!
B00004THAY|5.0|This album is an awesome one because I bought this wanting to get more into the blues genre, and this is the one that did it for me. B.B. King and Eric Clapton deliver their true talents for the guitar in the sexy blues style that they can.  Awesome songs such as the title track, &quot;Days of Old&quot;, &quot;Ten Long Years&quot;, &quot;Three O'Clock Blues&quot;, &quot;Come Rain Come Shine&quot;, &quot;Key To the Highway&quot;, and &quot;Help the Poor&quot; gives you a nostalgic bliss from the good ol' blues days.  Plus, I like Joe Sample's piano work here, too... he's just a session guy, but he's good. You gotta have the piano on an album such as this.  This album is such a great album, I cannot stress it enough.  I was looking forward to this after the rather disappointing &quot;Pilgrim&quot;.. Clapton proves that he can still play and sing the blues, and B.B. King proves that you can NEVER be too old to play and sing the blues. Buy it, blues fans!
B00005ATQD|1.0|This Boring movie goes nowhere; it has no plot and I could barely sit through it. Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidmans worst role ever! Maybe this movie hit a little to close to home for the both of them. Too bad Stanley Kubrick couldnt have made a better movie before he died. The whole movie is about fantasy and desire and sex with other partners and them thinking about cheating on eachother. This movie was degrading and a waste of my time!
B00004TDRD|5.0|When I first saw the tape in stores, I was amazed. Being a major fan of the film, I felt a definated urge to have it. I was surprised at the newly inserted sound effects which enhance the original film. And the 'Making Of' feature was impressive.  Clearly this is one video no JAWS fan should be without.
B000002JNN|3.0|This album is one of the most monotonous albums I have ever heard from AC/DC.  It has only three songs that I like on this album. &quot;Thunderstruck&quot; is an AWESOME tune.  &quot;Money Talks&quot;  is great.  &quot;Fire Your Guns&quot; is also a good tune.  The rest of the album sounds the same.  I appreciate how this was one heck of a comeback for AC/DC, but the album itself is nothing really special.  Brian Johnson just wails on and on throughout the whole album, and the style works for the first few tracks, but gets old after a while.  But, hey, I bought it used at the Disk Exchange, so no big whoop.
6304711905|4.0|Released just before the debacle that was &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot;, &quot;Tombstone&quot; succeeds where that film fails in almost every way.<br />&quot;Wyatt Earp&quot; deals with Earp's childhood, and may be more historically accurate than the artistic liberties taken with THIS film, but it's less interesting as a result.  &quot;Wyatt Earp&quot; was a film in need of a serious editor, but &quot;Tombstone&quot; involves you very early, and only really loses steam in the last five minutes.<br />The denoument after Johnny Ringo is killed seems almost perfunctory, not to mention rushed.  But that's a minor complaint.<br />Val Kilmer might be over-the-top in this outing, but he's a lot of fun, and you can tell he's enjoying himself.  He practically walks away with the film, although Kurt Russell is passable as Wyatt Earp.  Sam Elliott is great, as always, and the rest of the supporting cast is mostly spot on in their respective parts.<br />The exceptions being Jason Priestly (why was he even billed?), the underused Billy Zane (miscast as an Englishman), and Dana Delany as the love interest; she turns in an unbelievably bad (and grating, to boot) performance, and she's actually the most jarring element of the film.<br />The film wisely deals with the best part of the Earp saga (the shootout at the OK Corral), and while it might have most western purists up in arms, it's still tremendously watchable.
0553106635|5.0|I know that this may be simply adding a pebble to an avalanche, but I could not restrain myself from commenting on this incredible piece of fantasy.<br />I cannot recall the last time that I read a book in this genre which was so incredibly fresh and different in its tone and pace.  Incredibly realistic, violent, chaotic, depressing, disturbing, intelligent, well-developed, and completely engrossing, I found the third installment of this series to be one of the best books I have ever had the pleasure to read.<br />Unlike similar fantasies which alternate between characters in which I have different degrees of interest, every chapter in this book adds to the excitement and all seem important to plot development.  I seldom found myself sighing as I started a chapter because it did not deal with my favorite character as I do reading other books that alternate the point of view.<br />Completely exciting.  A whirlwind.  You never know what will happen, who will survive, and several plot developments brought me to the verge of tears. <br />Believe the hype.  Winter is coming.
0140186395|4.0|I have read East of Eden twice. The first time that I read it, I was part of an English course and I was being questioned rather extensively on the contents. Consequently I viewed reading it as something of a forced issue and I did not enjoy it at all. After I moved to California and visited Salinas and Monterey, I became excited about the idea of rereading all Steinbeck's novels and I began with this one. Time and intent has definitely changed this work for me. I was compelled to follow the interactions between the various characters almost as though I were on a drug. The parallel relationships that exist between the two different sets of brothers was, for me, the most profound aspect of this book. I felt at first, that the character of Charles Trask was completely underdeveloped until I realised that in fact, his character was continued through that of his nephew (son) Cal. I was extremely interested in the way that Steinbeck dealt with prejudice and how he chose to make Lee - the character that most of the other characters at first disregard - the most insightful character. I have added this book to my permanent collection and there are passages in it that I will reread again and again.
B000002JS0|4.0|When I bought this album, the only song I have heard was &quot;T.N.T.&quot; which is a great song.  But, I wanted to learn more about their early day.  This was one of the first AC/DC albums I ever bought, even before I bought &quot;Back in Black&quot;!  This album is really good.  It kicks off with the RIPPING &quot;It's a Long Way to the Top&quot;.  It is followed by the rebellious &quot;Rock and Roll Singer&quot;, then &quot;The Jack&quot;.. .this song is an awesome one to see more bluesy type stuff that they can do.  After &quot;Can I Sit Next To You&quot;, the album seems to lose some of its edge but recovers by the end of the album.  I ended it with a feel-good feeling.  It is a hell of a debut, and it set a precedent as to how AC/DC would play their music from then until their lead man died:  really damn good.
B00005ABX0|5.0|This is not how Brian Wilson planned things to be.  In early 1967, the ambitous SMILE album (hyped as the greatest album recorded - which it was) was the most anxiously-anticipated musical event in history, especially after &quot;Good Vibrations&quot; became a phenomenon.  Unfortunately, due to Brian's increasing drug use (which slowed his progress), his emotional problems and The Beach Boys' startling lack of support for their leader, SMILE was shelved and Brian began his slow withdrawal from public life and initiation into drug addiction and, gradually, mental illness.  It had been over a year since PET SOUNDS had been released (an eternity in 1967) and The Beach Boys scrambled to get an album together, while The Beatles' SGT. PEPPER was released and received all the fame SMILE had coming to it.  Mostly recorded in Brian's home studio (because he didn't want to leave his house), SMILEY SMILE (containing many SMILE re-recordings) was the end result and was issued in September 1967, after the hip counter-culture declared The Beach Boys passe and square (without any warning or justifiaction).  SMILEY SMILE was received with mixed reviews at the time due to the band's sagging US popularity and the album's bizarrely underproduced and trippy demeanor was seen as a creative anti-climax.  &quot;Heroes And Villains&quot; (originally meant to be SMILE's centerpiece) was still a brilliant creation and Brian's swan song to the band in terms of his dynamic producing. The unlikely combination of barbershop and rock gave the song a truly unique feel.  &quot;Vegetables&quot; is another infamous song with very typical SMILEY SMILE characteristics (sparse production, dry, trippy vocals).  It features the band chewing on veggies! The understated sound implied that Brian Wilson (then only 25) didn't want to compete anymore, but even though he wasn't trying to be influential, he was and SMILEY SMILE has grown enormously in stature and has long since been re-evaluated as a classic - and one of the weirdest albums you'll ever hear!  But it's those funny quirks that make SMILEY SMILE so appealing.  &quot;Fall Breaks And Back To Winter (Woody Woodpwecker Symphony)&quot; is very interesting with its bass pedal and tapping noises (representing the bird pecking the tree, hence the title).  &quot;She's Goin' Bald&quot; and &quot;Little Pad&quot; are evidence of the band's stoned state at the time - strange, but still enjoyable.  In the middle of all this we get &quot;Good Vibrations&quot; which sounds completely out of place here (The Beach Boys insisted it went on, Brian didn't agree).  The quirkiness resumes with &quot;With Me Tonight&quot; and continues through the dark and enchanting following titles &quot;Wind Chimes&quot;, &quot;Gettin' Hungry&quot;, &quot;Wonderful&quot; and &quot;Whistle In&quot;.  Give SMILEY SMILE a few listens before passing final judgement.  Yes, it's weird, but ultimately worth the effort.  With the band taking more control, they returned to their roots and a basic rock style (before Bob Dylan, The Beatles or The Rolling Stones) with WILD HONEY, a December 1967 release.  A solid album, if lacking in the harmonics the band was known for, it was still trashed at the time of release (in the US), but has also grown to be considered a classic.  The whole album is great: the title track is a soul/r'n'b original which became a small hit, &quot;Aren't You Glad&quot; is a great tune with positive lyrics, &quot;I Was Made To Love Her&quot; was a faithful rendition of Stevie Wonder's classic, &quot;Country Air&quot; is one of the only songs to feature harmonizing and is most welcome.  &quot;A Thing Or Two&quot;, &quot;Darlin'&quot; (a hit in early '68) and &quot;Here Comes The Night&quot; are 3 great Brian Wilson songs and tight rock numbers.  &quot;I'd Love Just Once To See You&quot; is hilarious (listen to the last line) and &quot;Let The Wind Blow&quot; is another gem - a great ballad, while &quot;How She Boogalooed It&quot; is oneof their fastest songs replete with electric guitar and organ.  The concluding &quot;Mama Says&quot; was originally part of the SMILE version of &quot;Vegetables&quot; and was re-used here to great effect.  Both SMILEY SMILE and WILD HONEY were big Top 10 albums in the UK, but minor hits in the US due to The Beach Boys' cruel and unjust &quot;square&quot; stigma which followed them for many years.  These two albums, aside from being musically unique and great, are historically important as well because they represent the death and re-birth of two sides of the band.  SMILEY SMILE marked the end of Brian's reign and WILD HONEY was the obligatory re-birth of the band as a self-conatined rock combo.  It began the process which led to later albums such as SUNFLOWER, SURF'S UP and HOLLAND.  The bonus tracks are great too.  We get a SMILE recording of &quot;Heroes And Villains&quot; from early '67, its single B-side (in July 1967) &quot;You're Welcome&quot; (another SMILE song), &quot;Good Vibrations&quot; sessions and a gorgeous out-take from late 1967/early 1968 called &quot;Can't Wait Too Long&quot;.  Buy this CD. Yes, it's untypical Beach Boys, but impossible to forget once you let it work its wonders.
0553106635|5.0|Having read the reviews already posted, I realize that this will only be the latest pebble in an avalanche of praise.  However, I could not resist offering my opinion on this amazing and engrossing read.  The tone is unique to the fantasy genre, the plot twists endless, and the whole thing is one mind-numbing and gut-wrenching experience.<br />I am in awe.  I have been reading fantasy for years and years and never thought to feel this way again about a new book.  Unlike other fantasy novels that alternate between characters causing me to want to flip forward till the action returns to a character of importance, I find every chapter in this piece essential and flew threw this book like wildfire.  It is truley a revelation, and one of the greatest pieces of fiction I have ever read.  Period.<br />All hail George Martin.  Winter is coming.
B00005A1PR|3.0|Literally, please take me away! I bought this CD with the impression that it would uplift my soul and bring me to a higher place while filling me with inner peace.  Well, it didn't.  <br />Don't get me wrong- &quot;Video&quot; is a great song, but unfortunately that was the only song worth repeating.  The rest of the CD is almost a little boring.  I guess it's just not what I was expecting.  It reminds me of Tracy Chapman, not too many catchy lyrics, down and boring beats, and not much fun.<br />So, if you are looking for something that you can put in your CD player and sing along to like it's nobody business, then this is probably not the CD for you.  Well, it wasn't for me at least.
B000002JST|4.0|This album is an awesome one with Bon Scott.  It kicks off with the raw and sexy &quot;Go Down&quot;, and continues on from there. But, I cannot stress the quality of the choice of the opening song.  This is an awesome song to open this album.  Then, it continues on with awesome tunes.  &quot;Problem Child&quot;, great song, but I got my fill of it from the &quot;Dirty Deeds&quot; album.  &quot;Overdose&quot; is annoying because of the one minute introduction.  But, &quot;Hell Ain't a Bad Place To Be&quot; is an awesome song with a guitar riff that you'll never forget.  &quot;Whole Lotta Rosie&quot; took me a little while to get into, but paid off because I LOVE this song about a man who has sex with a &quot;big&quot; woman... yes, this album is quite a great one.  Title track is a little too long, but it's decent... enjoy!
038532653X|5.0|What a fascinating book.  Answers the question, &quot;What would happen if Blake were growing up today seeing his visions?&quot;  The Blake figure here is split between two:  The narrator, Michael, a regular boy with assorted family problems, and his new neighbour, a home educated girl who already is visionary, yet has to be shown Skellig by Michael.  The question is posed but never answered fully, what or who Skellig is.  He just is, and it is up to us to accept his presence, as do Michael and Mina.  Is he an Archeopteryx ~ a hint of the future of man? an angel? an hallucination?  I dare say that how the reader answers says more about the reader than about what Almond wrote.  Skillfully written; real children, with real feelings and reactions (i especially like Mina's superiority about not going to school); just the right amount of coincidence (studying evolution at school prepares the kids for the Archeopteryx idea); good suspense, particularly about Michael's family situation; and a clever and very unusual plot.  No wonder twelve-year-old Chenowyth loved loved loved loved it.
B000056K04|1.0|I'm not gonna say &quot;They Sold Out...&quot; I promise.  But the simple fact is, this cd sounds infinitely more like Matchbox 20 than DMB.  I just don't understand.  I was so excited to get this CD, even though I really didn't like &quot;I Did It&quot;, but I almost choked at first listen. Dave tells us the Lilywhite recordings were too depressing, BUT WE ALL LOVED THEM LIVE!!  Jeez, if you want some upbeat songs, toss a few into the Lilywhite album and actually break the good old 11-12 song threshold.  Don't scrap a masterpiece to give us 9-day old schlock!  Frankly, I got tickets for the June 6 show (Turner Field! ARGHHHH!) and I'm really not getting my hopes up.  I guess at least the songs from Everyday will give me time to take about a dozen bathroom breaks. <br />Oh for the days when &quot;Lie in Our Graves&quot; and &quot;Two Step&quot; rocked my world.
B00004XOWM|5.0|This cd is unreal.  I can't belive how good this was.  I got it the day it came out and I didn't know what to to expect with a name like Chocolate Starfish and the Hot Dog Flavored Water.  When i put it in it was amasing.  They diffenitly went much harder but a little less then $3 Bill Ya'll and there is tons of cursing in it.  The lyris were done good and it was just awesome. It is diffently one of there best.  If you don't it now I urge you to get it now.
B000002J09|5.0|Well, Zeppelin is probably at their peak in this album, arguably.  I'd have to agree with them.  This is their last album that I'd give 4+ stars to, and this one is worth every one of it.  This album catches the searing and soothing vocals of Robert Plant, the awesome guitars of Jimmy Page, the hard rock drumming of John Bonham, and John Paul Jones still plays the bass.. nothing really special about him there.  Anyway, I think everyone with the exception of 3 songs on this album have been played on my radio station, and anyone looking to get into Led Zeppelin should buy this album. It has the wonderful but overrated &quot;Stairway To Heaven&quot; as well as my all-time favorite Zep tune &quot;Misty Mountain Hop&quot;.  This album does not have a single bad song on it.  I think it is worthy of being in the Top 5 albums of all time
B000050XEI|5.0|Never changing your style can have serious advantages... when your style is like Enya of course. This magnificent album, Enya's fourth is beyond words. These aren't pop lyrics, catchy tunes or big fake smiles on your MTV but these are pure elements (you can see, feel, smell the music), these are true feelings. Her songs lift you right up and bring you to another world but the paradox is this music is deeply connected with this very world. These songs ARE air, water, fire and earth, they ARE spirit. Get chills up and down your spine, give your mind some well deserved vacation, make a musical trip that gets you high, float around in a world of sounds and divine notes. This album is full of grace and inspiration and it's waiting to charm you...<br />personal picks: 'Only Time', 'Pilgrim' and 'Fallen Embers'
B000059MEK|3.0|When I first listened to this album I was in shock and thought it might be some kind of practical joke. It sounds like they are going for an early 80's light FM sound.There is nothing really that groundbreaking or even that cool about it for that matter. Its all kind of cheesey and lame....but the more I listen to it the more I like it and it isn't that bad. Maybe in a couple of weeks I will think its the best album ever(I doubt it). I do respect them for having a sense of humour though and I guess if they can take this genre of music (easy listening supermarket music)) and make it cutting edge then they are way ahead of their time.
B00004Y7SF|5.0|Oh PA-LESE!!! All ya Christina haters, couldya be nicer that that?! It means you, &quot;A Music Fan&quot; from DC! When I first heard &quot;Genie&quot; I thought Xtina was a crappy Whitbread &amp; a Whitney wannabe, but common, girl, lets see YOU sing like Christina! Let me remind you: full 6 octaves in her vocal range. &amp; She's white!!! Christina's Christmas album is a beautiful collection, especially the remake of &quot;The Christmas Song&quot;, which has a great production along with it. &quot;Have Yourself A merry Little Christmas&quot;, &quot;O Holly Night&quot;, &quot;These Are The Special Times&quot; &amp; &quot;Merry Christmas, Baby&quot; are the best of the best in this collection. Y'all sayin' that &quot;Christina can hit high notes, so she does&quot;. &amp; Your point is---? Common, the girl can sing, high notes, low notes, everything- So why wouldn't she? By the way, I think that the prayer in the middle of &quot;O Holly Night&quot; (Including the oooh-yeah aaahh-yeaahh) &amp; the blues change it gets in the end is beautiful &amp; original. If ya like Mariah's Christmas CD- hey, it's your opinion, but I stupidly bought that one, &amp; it sucks!!! - (
B00004RYZT|5.0|This one rocks.  Here's why:  I don't own many music dvd's but I had to get this one.  Aside from being great musicians, these guys are BRILLIANT showmen.  There aren't many bands out there these days who put as much into their shows as these guys.  Their concert is more of an experience rather than just seeing some band jam.  I would really love to see them in person.  Oh yeah, they sound just as good (if not better) live as they do in the studio.  If you get a chance, pick up the cd.  It will not dissapoint.  There are some pretty good features on the DVD.  All in all, a great buy.
B000031XCR|5.0|This is truly an accumulation of Celine's best stuff.  It's sad, fun, inspiring and diverse.  I have not followed her career from the beginning but, I , after some catching up, think that this is one of the best CDs I've ever heard.
014028009X|3.0|Although I enjoyed Bridget Jones when I first read it- I found another book on ... that is similar to BJD- but so much better! If you liked BJD- you'll love &quot;Serve Cool&quot; by Lauren McCrossen. Both books are about real people with real problems- but &quot;Serve Cool&quot; had an extra bit more.
014028009X|4.0|What can I say? This isn't exactly War and Peace but it is sweet, funny, and well-observed. Every woman should be able to relate to Bridget somehow. And if you are 32 and single like myself you'll wonder if Helen Fielding wrote the book about you. While some parts of the story will ring truer than others (does anyone really have a mother like this?) it's well worth the time to read. And at under 300 pages that's v. agreeable. (ARGH! I couldn't help myself)
B000002NJS|4.0|This is a great cd, not Madonna's best but certainly one of them, and MUCH better than Music which is bland. The best songs on Ray of light are mainly the singles , although there arent any songs you can really describe as 'bad'. It is perfect for chilling to. My personal pick for faves are 'frozen' candy perfume girl' and 'little star'. I cant get too excited about this album but it is Recommended.
630575067X|5.0|i just don't understand the huge bashing this film and george lucas has taken from so-called fans for the past 2 years. sure this film was hyped more than any other film in movie history and sure everyone was looking for it to be the same as the other 3 (even though some have bashed jedi which is the funnest of the original 3)but when they didn't get the same kind of film they decided to take their anger out on george and jar jar. george lucas has given us the greatest movie sage ever and you bash the guy for it but will still shell out the money to see the next one many times (like you did with episode 1). the star wars saga wasn't ment to be a serious sc-fi saga (we have the boring star trek for that kinda crap)star wars was ment to be a fantasy saga ment for the whole family (that's why we have out ewoks/jar-jar)i'm a diehard star wars fan and have been ever since i say jedi in the theaters back when it 1st came out and when they re-released it a year later)and have yet to be letdown with anything lucas has done! people get so mad when he releases so many versions of the videos (he just re-releases the original trilogy because they were out of print and not being sold so he didn't do it to take all of your money again-plus he knows collectors out there want more and they got more!)he's not going to put out the dvd's because he doesn't have time (he's spending 2 years right now devoted to episode 2 and doesn't have time now and won't until 2005 because he heads right into episode 3 next summer)he wants the dvd's to be done right and not get rushed and done by someone else because he has tons of bonus footage to give us (episode 1 is rumored to be released on dvd this fall though!)it's funny when i hear all of these people call george greedy but then you whine about not getting the film you wanted or it wasn't this way or that way or you want the dvds now! TELL ME...IS IT GEORGE THAT'S THE GREEDY ONE OR IT'S ALL OF YOU WHO LIKE TO CRITICIZE THE GUY THAT GAVE YOU ALL OF THIS!? let's also remeber that george is telling a story here and he's had the phantom menace story in his head since he did the 1st 3 so it's not like he just made it up in 1998 and threw it together! ep. 1 came from the same time period as the other 3 classics and the next two films. ep. 1 is the begining of this whole 6 part saga and like george and many people have said it will be better when you can sit down and watch all six together and i personally think that will be true. i love ep.1 the same way i love the other 3 because in my mind george can't do any wrong with this saga and will continue to amaze and dazzle the true belivers and fans with the next two films! enjoy what you got because we're lucky that he came back to give us what we wanted!
0425107469|5.0|Usually, when I start reading a new author, the first novel I read by that author is my favorite: &quot;Jurassic Park&quot; by Crichton, &quot;Along Came a Spider&quot; by Patterson.  &quot;Watchers&quot; was the third or fourth novel that I read by Koontz, the first being &quot;Hideaway,&quot; which is also very good.  But &quot;Watchers&quot; is the absolute best book Koontz has ever written.  &quot;Watchers&quot; has an excellent plot, very involving and lovable main characters (except of course for the monstrous villains of the novel), and incredibly tense horror.  The ingenious plot about two runaway lab subjects, one being a monster of very violent, brutal nature, the other being a genetically-altered golden retriever with human intelligence, keeps you involved with the book the whole way through.  I couldn't put it down, and if you buy this book, I guarentee, you won't either.
B000056NX4|5.0|Having been forced to sit through the 1973 version of this show I was some what hesistant to purchase this musical, but my impluse buying power and a love for Lord Andrew's and Sir Tims musicals got the better of me.<br />I am throughly pleased with this production, for once the singers can act.  The nuances that Glenn and Jerome brought to Jesus and Judas were masterful.  The camera work was exquisite unlike say Lord of the Dance where you lost half the story with the camera jumping from shot to shot every five seconds.  I loved the song &quot;Can we start over&quot; with the montage of the Apostles and Mary running cojunctively with the beating.<br />I recommend this to anyone (christian or not) who likes a good musical, believe the story or don't believe the story, if you want a wonderfully expressive passionate tragic story you will adore this and quickly make it part of your collection.  I am now just waiting for the CD to be released so I can have it in my Car as well!
B000002LKF|1.0|For anyone expecting another Graceland, forget it! This album seems to have been put together very quickly because of Graceland's success. All the songs on this album are pretty much the same...spell that BORING! Lay down a rhythm track in the background and have Paul ramble in his non-melodious style. What's worse is that on this recording, Paul sounds like he's singing in Wrigley Field without a mic. His voice is overwhelmed by a tedious rhythm track. No...not all rhythms from other parts of the world is interesting, especially when the tempo and texture is all the same from one song to the next. Graceland gets 5 stars...this one gets ZERO if I could.
B00003CXE7|5.0|When Gladiator came out at the cinema i didnt go and see it at the pictures as there was too much hype and i didnt think that it would live up to its expectations.  A friend recently bought it on dvd and talked me into watching it and i  have to say that it knocked me for six.  I wish that i had watched Gladiator on the big screen as its a fantastic film, with some excellent fight scenes.  Russell Crow (Maximus) plays his part with unpresidented pride and makes the character come to life.  Gladiator is a film that you should own(i do now) as its one you watch over and over again as the quality of it is so good and there are also loads of extras on the dvd.
0783225970|5.0|....and even Paulie in &quot;Goodfellows&quot; must've known.<br />This is still the best of the cocaine drug lord moovys ever made, if only for Pacino's ultraelectronic depiction of the refugee who has enuff malice and nefariousness to go to the top of that world. Memorable scenes: the chainsaw attack and the last stand at the mansion....
B000003TAW|5.0|Yeah!  Have fun at work kook!  Im goin surfin!!! Second favorite line:  The ocean's rollin like a 1000 pound keg!!<br />Aside from &quot;Surf Wax&quot;, &quot;Say it Aint So&quot; is one of my favorite songs of all time.  The opening riff to &quot;Say it Aint So&quot;, while very similar to &quot;Under the Bridge&quot; (Chili Peppers) is very cool.  Can't wait for more stuff to come out from these guys.  Sooooo much more to this album than a &quot;Sweater Song&quot;, and so much more to the &quot;Sweater Song&quot; than is at first believed!
014028009X|4.0|This is a great book to read on the bike at the gym.  Fluffy enough -- but I could totally relate.  I sure don't miss dating!
B00004SZWB|4.0|I saw 'Hotter Than July' at a record store being sold at a decent price, and noted that it included songs that I recognized by name: &quot;Rocket Love&quot;, &quot;Happy Birthday&quot;, &quot;Lately&quot;, and &quot;Master Blaster (Jammin)&quot;. On impulse, I bought it.<br />I'm glad I did. You see, &quot;All I Do&quot; has been remade into a dance/techno song by a British group called the Cleptomaniacs this year; so when I heard the original - it just made me feel so enlightened. For the record I prefer Mr. Wonder's version, but both versions of &quot;All I Do&quot; are enjoyable.<br />&quot;Lately&quot; was immortalized by an R&amp;B group named Jodeci in the spring/summer of 1992; and they actually performed the song with Stevie on the Arsenio Hall show - and it was great. &quot;Lately&quot; (for me) is a sad and moving song that is also very beautiful.<br />It scares me to think that as late as 1980 we still didn't celebrate Dr. Martin Luther King's birthday as a national holiday; but hey, at least now I know the words to the whole song besides the chorus. &quot;Happy Birthday&quot; serves as a wonderful finale to the album.<br />But my favorite song on here would have to be &quot;Rocket Love&quot;. My favorite Stevie Wonder songs are the slower, or midtempo songs that seem to just float, and take you on majestic, magic carpet rides. &quot;Send One Your Love&quot;, &quot;Superwoman&quot; and &quot;Ribbon In The Sky&quot; do this for me.<br />But something tells me this isn't his absolute best album (assuming they can be ranked)...and from what I've been able to gather, 'Innervisions' and 'Songs In The Key Of Life' seem to be the top two. At any rate, just know that this disc is a good investment. I'm listening to it right now as I type this. It's on &quot;Lately&quot;...<br />Thanks for reading.
B00003CXQX|5.0|I wasn't sure if I would like this movie, considering that several past Disney movies have been VERY disappointing. But this was one of the funnest movies I've ever seen! David Spade does a wonderful job as the voice of Emperor Kuzco, and Yzma's Dim-witted helper Kronk steals the show. Also, the ending was very satisfying. &lt;Unlike Hercules and Pocahatas&gt; If you want the humor and sacastic remarks made popular by Warner Bros, I strongly recommend this movie.
0786915749|5.0|I first read this book (borrowed from a friend) about 8 years ago. From the first page, I couldn't put it down. It embodies all I ever imagined about another world, mystery, romance, just about everything!! Now I own more than 20 DragonLance series and I still am waiting for new books to publish.
B0000508U6|4.0|_Parachutes_ does not sparkle or shout. It's the equivalent of a well-cut suit, a musical garment that doesn't draw attention but, up close, reveals itself to be of high quality. The album is also a genre-straddler, at times almost distractingly so. &quot;Is it pop?&quot; I thought to myself, troubled that I could enjoy something so, well, poppy at times. If it is pop, however, it's incredibly detailed. With only a few exceptions, the songs aren't afraid to play with tempo, the guitar work is tight and the musical phrases, especially certain bits of backing guitar and bass, are relaxed and shimmering. <br />The vocals (and a few guitar motifs, especially in &quot;Spies&quot;) are reminiscent of Nick Drake, a little stronger perhaps, a little less vulnerable, an affable mix of emo-boy wails and--gasp--actual vocal talent. _Parachutes_ also has wonderful depth, largely due to the variety created by a constant melding of the acoustic and electric.  <br />&quot;Don't Panic,&quot; (a possible Douglas Adams reference?) is a great little song, my favorite of the album. It's the track that I crave and need to play twice to get my fix. The catch and break in the vocals is lovely; the lazy, echoing ascending guitar line gets me every time.<br />&quot;Shiver's&quot; swimmy guitar intro is great. The lyrics are a bit banal, love's usual cliches--although I do like &quot;I want you to know / you'll always get your way.&quot; The moving guitar that weaves in and out of the track makes it worthwhile, but the last third of song could benefit from being cut down a verse.<br />&quot;Spies&quot; opens uncannily like Nick Drake risen from the dead. The darkness, the vague paranoia--it's all there. I love the bass line underlying the guitar chorus, the tension created by the reverb, and the driving falsetto lines.<br />Except for bits of chorus, &quot;Sparks&quot; didn't grab me. The radio-friendly &quot;Yellow&quot; is enjoyable, yet it lacks the musical complexity of many of the othertracks. (Nonetheless it makes the cut when I'm programming the CD player.) &quot;Trouble&quot; also makes my short list: It has an appealing spareness, and a universal theme of self-analysis and coming up short, refreshingly without seeming tortured or overwrought.<br />I have something to admit: I love fret squeal--and therefore the title track, even if it's so short as to barely qualify as a song. Producers: are you listening? Leave fret squeal IN! It's real! It's good! <br />&quot;High Speed&quot; is another short-lister: reflective and dreamy, trip-hop minus the smooth-voiced vixen. By contrast, &quot;We Never Change&quot; is relaxed to the point of being filler, better to converse over than listen to. Notwithstanding a few nice guitar moments, &quot;Everything's Not Lost,&quot; leans to the sort of palatable, forgettable pop pushed by Third Eye Blind and the like. The vocal and instrumental layering at the song's end is nice, but not quite enough to elevate it into the memory banks.<br />The tacked-on bonus embedded in the last track is an odd wisp of country and carnival dissonance. I don't know why the band threw it in--it floats there like a saved pair of tonsils jar of formalin. It serves neither to enhance nor diminish the slightly weaker end of what is largely a strong album.<br />If you like your music firmly in one genre, especially emo-rock, you'll probably be disappointed by this album's softness and what you'll perceive as a lack of resolve. If your tastes run to alt rock or you're starting to climb beyond the top 40, you'll be taken with it. In any case, this is a band to watch.
B0000013G9|5.0|I have had this album since it's release date and I pop it in the CD player occasionally to reminsce. Crazysexycool stayed iin heavy rotation in my CD player longer than any other album in my collection. An album has to be good if you will purchase it again after it has been damaged or lost(I have purchased this album at least three times). TLC's first album was groudbreaking, but this album took their innovation to new heights. On Crazysexycool, TLC dismissed all possibilities of a &quot;sophomore slump&quot;. There were some gems on this album that are still bangers to this day, i.e. Sumthin Wicked This Way Comes(classic verse from Dre of Outkast), Waterfalls(features messages that will forever be relevant), Red Light Special(still burns up the airwaves during the quiet storm hours) and Creep(frank, yet classic track about infidelity). This album was one of the best releases of the 90's. No female vocal group was able to do what TLC did with this album. Crazysexycool went on to become the top-selling album from a female vocal group. There have been attempts to imitate the group, but all have remained unsuccessful. If you do not have this album, your collection is lacking one of the best albums of the 90's.
B00003CWOL|4.0|The basis of the movie is great. Challenging church doctrine in a humorous way probably prompted more than a few people to ask questions. I adored the movie, as its theological banter represented almost all the same thoughts I have about organized religion. Whether you're Catholic or not, those questions need to be raised.  But, I feel that Kevin Smith cheapened the movie with its ending. Angels of death flying through the air was not appealing to me and seemed to make the message of the whole movie less than credible. Also, I didn't like Smith's choice for his potrayal of God. I like how he portrayed the deity as a woman but Alanis is not God-like enough for me.  An overall good movie that would be great if the ending were either rewritten or tweaked quite a bit.
B00004Y87O|5.0|John Carpenter's &quot;Escape From New York&quot; is a true classic,and at the time of it's release was a very daring and hard to define movie,It was one of the first ex military anti-hero movie(OK,it probably spawned Rambo/Chuck Norris/and Steven Seagal,but don't hold that against Carpenter),one of the first post-Apocolyptic-warriors movies,and had a serious attitude and dark humour few got on it's initial release.Carpenter really was a true breath of fresh air in the seventies and early eighties,unfortuneatly he has been a wildly uneven director since &quot;Escape&quot;.The DVD is breath taking,for years the only video available was a terribly murky pan&amp;scan VHS version,a widescreen &quot;special edition&quot;came a few years ago.The DVD blows both out of the water,the video and sound are crystal clear,it's like seeing a new movie if you didn't see &quot;Escape' in a theater on it's initial run.Unfortuneatly,that's all you get is the movie,and tailer,the outakes and excellent commentary on the LD version is missing.Still,Kurt Russell's performance holds up with time,Capenter's score is drivng and suspensefull.and Adrienne Barbeau never looked better in lingerie(Carpenter must have thought so too,he married her),and the suporting cast is a real hoot,watch for Ernest Borgnine,Season Hubley,Harry Dean Stanton,lee Van Cleef,Donald Pleasence,and an uncredited Jamie Lee Curtis(she's the computer voice)all make memorable impressions.And it cast about half of what I payed for the VHS special edition&lt;g&gt;
0440180295|2.0|When I sat down to read &quot;Slaughterhouse-Five&quot; by Kurt Vonnegut I was expecting to find a well-written documentation of the firebombing of Dresden that occurred during World War II.  What I got was a semi-fictitious story focusing on a young male soldier, who really wasn't much of a soldier (or a man, for that matter) and who I deemed to suffer from obvious psychiatric problems.<br />This book, in many ways, was a disappointment for me.  I had read Vonnegut's &quot;Welcome To The Monkey House&quot; previously and was expecting the same style of writing and satire in this book.  Unfortunately, the satire that was present was downplayed by the mental wanderings of the book's main character, Billy Pilgrim.<br />&quot;It is short and jumbled and jangled, Sam, because there is nothing intelligent to say about a massacre.  Everybody is supposed to be dead, to never say anything or want anything ever again.  Everything is supposed to be very quiet after a massacre, and it always is, except for the birds.&quot; (pg. 19)<br />I have found this quote from the beginning of the book to be true for the book.  The formatting of the book is jumbled and short and all mixed together.  It's as if the author threw all the different parts of the story in a bowl and drew them out one by one, pasting them into a book in the order he drew them.  That does not create a good book.<br />However, this is not to say that I didn't enjoy some aspect of the book.  The colorful language amused me, especially when it popped up unexpectedly.  But other than that, I found the book to be lacking the majority of the qualities that make a good book.
6303471714|5.0|I tried this video for the first time last week. I thought it was awesome. I have been working out on the elliptical trainer, rowing machine, stationary bikes, and several Cybex weight machines. Well, let me rephrase, I thought I had been working out. After one use of this video, I could tell that I had done some exercising. I would definitely recommend this video to anyone wanting to firm up. Oh I need to add that I have a bad lower back and I did fine with this video workout.
0553106635|5.0|This book, this story is what I have always wanted. a book were bad things happen to the good and the bad. Were profecies dont always come true and were the great hero is just as vulnerable as the great enemy. as for the last part there is no great hero in this book and though there are many bad guys you cant tell who is the great enemy. do not, repeat do not try to predict this story exept in the most general terms because believe me what ever you are thinking its NOT going to happen unless it was the worst thing you could think of. <br />I loved the wheel before it got wobbely but now this book with its tight story and diverse caracters has taken the throne of best fantasy ever. look for maybe 3 more books before this story is finished but then again with the way this story is going that red comet may swing around the sun and crash in to westros killing every one. the way this story is going... it could happen.
B00003CX8J|5.0|When I first heard about this movie, I was less than thrilled. Anyone can remember some absolutely awful comic-to-big screen adaptations (Need I remind anyone of any Batman after the first one?). I was worried about the special effects, I was worried about the director (believe it or not, I didn't know Bryan Singer's work from Adam). Well, let me say, DON'T WORRY. <br />In short, this is a work of art. Every character is dead on, with Hugh Jackman, as Wolverine, the newcomer-surprise. I'm looking forward to his continuing movie career. Ian McKellen and Patrick Stewart are fantastic. The time they spend on-screen together is a joy to watch. And, I have to agree with the reviewer who praised Dougray Scott's inability to complete his work on Mission: Impossible 2 in time to film on X-Men. I actually liked him in Ever After, and he was pretty good in M:I2, but he is NOT Wolverine. <br />The deleted scenes are forgettable, with the possible exception of the extended school scene, giving us the chance to connect Jubilee to the actress (I missed that the first time around). Also, the easter egg in which Spider Man makes an appearance is perfectly-timed with the new movie coming out.<br />One can only hope that Raimi does for Spider Man what Singer did for X-Men. You must get this movie!!
B0000025F7|5.0|I don't believe this is the best MJ album ever, and I say that having been a fan for many years. I believe, and I may get incredible slack for this, that Michael Jackson is an artist for all time. <br />He has the finest ability to morph in to any musical style that is hip, and of the moment. He is a fine singer, an incredible (and highly over-looked) songwriter, and an all around world class entertainer.<br />So why is this album not as great as the rest, but still have five stars? Because Michael Jackson never falters. Not anywhere on this disc is there any bad material.<br />From 'Don't Stop 'Til You Get Enough' right through to 'Burn This Disco Out' Michael never falters. I'm caught in this dizzying, disco frenzy for the first five songs, then propelled into this beautiful slow movement of music. Which, by the way, all Michael Jackson albums follow. From Thriller, to Bad, to Dangerous (unterly his most ambitious and most underrated piece of work).<br />And I do agree with the person who believes that 'I Can't Help It' is one of the best songs ever. 'Cause it is! Great song, as is this entire album, it is filled with great songs, beautiful production and a great artist with a fine soul for music.<br />This album laid the ground work for the rest of his carrer. Be it commercially successful, or artistical challenging. <br />This album shines because it symbloizes it's time in history, as does every other Michael Jackson album since.<br />Five out of Five.
B00000JYGX|3.0|I looked with great anticipation the receipt of this CD because I absolutely fell in love with the English highlights CD.  I also didn't mind the fact that it was in French since I had 4 years of it in school and thought this a great chance to &quot;refresh&quot;.      Listening to the highlights CD only whet my appetite for the entire production.  This CD did satisfy that desire to know the music for the entire production as well as the lyrics (and complete story).  I even went so far as to re-read the book by Victor Hugo and it stays pretty true to the original story. However, I was disappointed in two performances on this CD.  That of Esmerelda and Phoebus.  With Esmerelda being a Bohemienne, I feel that this performer should have a strong voice to convey her strong gypsy personality.  Helene Segara, although possessing a beautiful voice, was just too weak for this performance.  I felt that she was struggling through most of it -- especially through Ave Maria and Vivre.      Patrick Fiore, again, possessing a wonderful voice, just didn't match the power of Steve Balsamo.  In &quot;Torn Apart&quot; on the English version, you could hear the intensity and conflict of Steve Balsamo's Phoebus and his conflict between the two women.  Patrick Fiori just doesn't convey the same raw energy.      Garou is wonderful in both, and both actors playing Frollo more than carried their weight in the productions.      My dream is to have the English version of the entire production with both Steve Balsamo and Tina Arena joining Garou in the cast.  I believe this group would truly do the piece the justice it deserves.      In the meantime, I will continue to listen to both versions and enjoy them for their own individual merits.      Is anyone listening?  Please give us the English version -- not just the highlights.  One more CD and you would have done it.  Thanks in advance for listening.
B000000OA6|5.0|Innuendo- what a superb album, highly underrated by the media of course but all fans will agree innuendo is one of Queen's best. The title track as Roger Taylor said is like &quot;Oscar Wilde meets Led Zeppelin&quot;. Highlights of the album have to be These are the days of our lives (number one in 1991), Delilah (about Freddie's cat), All God's people (gospel/rock) and I can't live with you which resurfaced a few years later on the Queen Rocks Album. This is one of their more poignant album as it was the last album they recorded and completed before Freddie died. My advice is check this album out - five star rating!
6300183211|1.0|I was so excited about seeing Brian De Palma's &quot;Scarface&quot; just because everybody I know who saw it said it was a great movie.  My Mom said it was great.  My friends at school said it was great.  I had high expectations just because the front cover of Al Pacino holding the gun in a white suit looked so menacing and defiant.  And as I watched this slow, boring, hugely flawed three hour catastrophe, all hope was lost.<br />The ONLY good thing that barely saves this so-called &quot;epic&quot; is Al Pacino's delirious, over-the-top performance as the very dumb Cuban drug lord Tony Montana.  Throughout the movie, he keeps wondering why everybody betrays him.  Well, it's pretty obvious...he's nothing more than a hot-tempered fool who constantly makes stupid decisions and somehow becomes Miami's cocaine king.<br />NOTHING is great about this movie!!  The use of the synthesizer as a musical score (courtesy of Donna Summer's producer Giorgio Moroder) is very lame.  The supporting performances by Michelle Pfiffer, Steven Bauer, and Mary Elizabeth Monstrantonio serve no purpose; they're not allowed to breathe life into their roles.  They just sit there like the cardboard characters they are so the plot can drag on.<br />The bloody confrontation scenes are predictable and disappointing.  Reviewers keep saying this movie is really violent, and sometimes it is.  But believe me, I've seen worse (&quot;The Wild Bunch&quot; is a great example).  Overall, this is a terrible film.  Although there are a couple of one-liners that made me laugh, it's not enough to redeem it.  The music is God-awful, the acting is bad, and the story is poorly constructed.  Whoever says this movie is great has been completely lobotomized.  If you want to see a great gangster epic, watch &quot;Goodfellas&quot; or the first two &quot;Godfather&quot; pictures.  &quot;Scarface&quot; is one of the most overly hyped films ever and one of the worst movies I've ever seen.
B000056BSA|4.0|To truly appreciate this film, you need to take it with a grain of salt. It's meant to be a fable, not a step-by-step realistic coming of age film of a woman, her cheating husband, her transvestite friend and a fish-hording goddess to the luscious bossa nova beat.<br />This is a fun film, sumptuous and seductive in it's own right without taking itself too seriously. Penelope Cruz does a great job as Isabella in her first American production.  It's hard not to be charmed by her.
B000056PP2|2.0|I have to admit I was disappointed with this movie.  Actually, the soundtrack is the most delicious aspect...What I was hoping would be a fun and light-hearted romp turned out to be a cheesy film filled with inconsistancies.  There are some humourous moments, but there are many more that are just not plausible.  At the beginning when Isabella flees to San Francisco, we are led to believe it's her first time there.  However, she has an amazing ability to navigate the streets of SF (albiet jerkily..) and once she arrives at Monica's apartment building, she seems to know EXACTLY where the apartment is (what floor, hallway, door...) without even searching.  Hmmmm...In another scene, she is looking and marking the locations of restaurants to look for work at, off of business cards she'd been given in Brazil. Now let me ask you; could you, in a BIG new city, easily locate on a city map the locations of addresses off of business cards?  Give me a break!  It was unbelievable situations like this that are so far fetched, it made it uncomfortable to watch. And even though there are bits of fantasy mixed in (some good, some bad), you wonder why there wasn't a better job with the script-because there could have been.  And later, outside the studio with her first confrontation with her husband in SF, the poor thing must be freezing to death!  She is in a whisper of a slip dress, no coat, no jacket, and you can very easily see the breath of the actors in the air!  Ok, maybe it's just me and my attention to detail, but it was little details like that which were so obvious, that made it difficult for me to enjoy it.  If you rent this movie, make sure you rent it for the cheapest price possible, its not worth more than that. Unless you just want to listen to the music. In that case, buy the soundtrack- you'll be happier.
B00000HYXB|5.0|this album is amazing. i need not say more!
B00000255F|5.0|I loved &quot;Born to Run&quot; more than I ever dreamed possible when I recieved it as a Christmas gift this year! I knew &quot;Born to Run&quot; and &quot;Thunder Road&quot; from his &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; collection, but had yet to hear the rockin &quot;10th Ave. Freeze Out&quot;, &quot;Backstreets&quot;, &quot;She's the One&quot;, &quot;Night&quot;, Meeting Accross the River&quot; or the majestic, amazing, &quot;Jungleland&quot;. It was love at first listen for me! I love every single song on this essential rock classic, and any Springsteen or music fan will love all of the energy, heart, and soul that Bruce and the band give this glorious record! I am amazed every time I hear it! You need to hear these 8 rock classics to really call yourself a music fan!
B00004YKUY|5.0|After listening to the import version of this album, I could barely control my anticipation for this U.S. release. This album is a MUST for ANY Journey fan! Journey's superb songwriting and creativity burst out in full force with this 15 track album. There are only a couple of differences between the import and the U.S. release: &quot;I'm Not That Way&quot;, a rather weak track on the import, was removed from the format and in its place are two excellent rockin' songs &quot;World Gone Wild&quot; and &quot;Nothin' Comes Close&quot;. The addition of these 2 songs definitely quicken the pace of the album, but there are plenty of classic Journey ballads such as &quot;All The Way&quot;, &quot;With Your Love&quot;, and &quot;Loved By You&quot;. Other rockin' Journey classics include &quot;Higher Place&quot;, &quot;I Got A Reason&quot;, and &quot;Signs Of Life&quot;. In &quot;Signs Of Life&quot;, the guitarist Neal Schon inserts part of a familiar solo from the 1981 hit &quot;Who's Crying Now&quot;. Steve Augeri's voice gave me chills in a love ballad called &quot;Lifetime Of Dreams&quot;; the song's beauty will leave you in awe. For the best song on this album, there is a tie between &quot;Nothin' Comes Close&quot; and &quot;To Be Alive Again&quot;, two awesome motivational and inspirational songs. However, I was disappointed with the U.S. version of the latter song. On the import, the entire song is played with no fading out, but on the U.S. version, 27 seconds are removed and the end is faded out. With that in mind, it is the only blemish on this album. Some songs on this album are done acoustically, but others are written with a hint of blues riffs, a Neal Schon trademark. All in all, it is safe to say that Journey has hit a homerun with this release. The original cast of Neal Schon, Jonathan Cain, and Ross Valory along with newcomers Steve Augeri (vocalist) and Deen Castronovo (drummer) have developed a beautiful masterpiece of rock 'n roll!
068817776X|5.0|This is one of the most engrossing books I've read recently. I think it'd be an excellent book to add to high school or college curriculum. Not only does it portray the life of a Jewish woman's survival and struggles during the WWII holocaust, but it reminds us of the complexity of the human race.
B0000024IE|5.0|Fear of a Black Planet is Public Enemy's essential recording, and Public Enemy at its height was THE rap group.  This album catches them clicking on all cylinders.  The transitions are seamless, the background is dense and inventive, and the lyrics are imaginative and provocative.  It seems like every party during my college years had Fear of a Black Planet as its soundtrack, along with Bob Marley's Legend.  Of course, Fight the Power is here, along with 911 is a Joke, but some of the lesser known tunes are equally engaging; I'm think in particular of Pollywanacracka, Burn Hollywood Burn, and Welcome to the Terrordome.  To resort to a cliche:  if you had to own only one rap album, this would be it.
B0000062Y2|3.0|This is the first recording I ever heard and I loved it, but since I have heard better.  I gave this three stars for three great performance that need mentioning.  First, Ted Neely gives a stellar performance as Jesus.  I saw him live in JCS in 1995, some 22 years after the movie, and he's even better now.  Carl Anderson gives a remarkable and moving performance as Judas.  And Barry Dennen give an incredible performance as Pilate, however whoever plays Simon drives me up a wall and josh Mostel as King Herod annoys me to no end.  If you're a fan or just a collecter buy this, but if you're looking at something new get the concept or the london revival cast.
B000003TSP|5.0|Get this album.  It is worth your money.  (even if you don't speak spanish)
0452282152|5.0|This was an exquisite book.  I was constantly amazed by the flat emotional style amid the well chosen description  - and the story gripped me.  Griet's gradual disassociation from herself and her family is quite moving, and seems inevitable from the beginning of the story.  I wanted more for Griet than what she got, but any other ending would not have made sense with the time and place of the book...I don't know that I could say I want to read it again.  It reminded me of the movie Schindler's List - I was glad I had seen it, but I didn't necessarily want to relive the emotions by seeing it again.
0440133688|4.0|Any medical professional who reads this will find that many phrases now common (especially in teaching hospitals) originated in this book.  I have read this book several times in my nursing career, and the longer I've been in the profession, the more I understand it.  Even laypeople who enjoy the show &quot;ER&quot; will note that some of the catchphrases of that show got their start here.  Now that the book is getting older, many people may assume that hospitals aren't really like the one described here.  In some ways, they aren't--the days of being admitted to the hospital just for tests are long gone, and most hospital stays are far shorter now than they were then.  That said, the medical hierarchy, the cynicism, and the gallows humor are very much alive and well.  I think they always will be.<br />Anyone considering reading this should be warned that there are sexual references that are frequent and crude, not to mention completely unnecessary.  There is also a very warped view of women, including nurses, social workers, and female doctors.  I would love to see this book rewritten with a less chauvinistic tone.  The main message of the book is too important to miss.<br />Lastly, the &quot;LAWS&quot; in the book may seem very tongue in cheek, but the interesting thing is that they are actually true.  And every time I respond to a cardiac arrest, I take my own pulse first.
B00004SCX6|3.0|This CD is decent. The stable tracks are of course the ones that were promoted as singles, although &quot;Don't let me be the last to know&quot; can be a said exception. It's obvious that Britney can't really hold a note --- but that's not what the album is about anyway. It's more fuel to add to Britney being toted as a sex object and every guy's flooging the bishop fantasy. All in all, it's tight to bump in the car (uh, with your windows rolled up please) for the fast tracks (&quot;What U See (Is What U Get)&quot;, &quot;Don't Go Knockin At My Door&quot;). If your looking for someone who can actually sing, you need to be lookin else where tho.
B00001NFCY|3.0|excellent mainstream rock<br />dont expect anything new or revolutionary here tho
B000002N25|5.0|Mark Knopfler never seems to get the credit he deserves for being a true craftsman.  This album is as sweet, poignant, and profound as anything you will ever hear.
0767824571|5.0|King Arthur!  The legend of the Holy Grail!  Stories that by themselves reach out to our imaginations ... then comes along Monty Python to turn it all into swiss cheese (or perhaps brie).  Terry Gilliam, Terry Jones, John Cleese, Graham Chapman, Eric Idle and Michael Palin all do a superb job as Arthur and the Knights (pronounced &quot;K-nnnnn-iggits!&quot; by the French) of the Round Table running about the countryside on their quest for that most holy of holies ... the Holy Grail!  The movie is full of witty banter, insightful quips on government (and the people involved), and of course the usually delightful sexual inuendo that only the MP troupe can spin off with the straightest of faces.  This is the cream of MP's crop of equally delightful movies!  Buy it!  Or we shall taunt you a second time!
0140186409|5.0|I was assigned this book in English to write an essay on, and I saw the length and was a bit dismayed to see the least. But, as I read through it the plot developed into something a reader can appreciate and understand. Steinbeck's small 'metaphorical' chapters (that occur seemingly in every other chapter) enhance the message of the book. When I finished this novel 600 or so pages later, I realized my attitude towards life had changed. You come out for better or worse, a little different after reading this book.
B00000064F|3.0|To actually access the music of Nick Drake, you have to get past a lot of baggage: the biographical legend; the twee aesthetic, aptly signified by the blandly psychedelic cover, fey title and spelling; the voice, an adolescent-whisper-falsetto type thing when it's not trying to be Bob Dylan.  Once you do get past all that, the album is a vaguely pleasant, if indistinguishable, wash of folk pop, with unexpected instruments - cello, piano, harpsichord, sax etc. - keeping things interesting (some of the songs sound like an earnest Divine Comedy).  There is one stand-out track, however, 'Poor Boy', part-Jobim samba, part-Legrand French cafe pop, part-Stones gospel.  Its pop melancholy suggests where Drake's true talents lay.
B00005AAFS|5.0|Can't say enough good things about this album!! Of course some will refuse to accept this disc but it is most surely a disc worth listening to if you are a Rammstein fan. The crunching guitars are not quite as evident, but this album is well worth the wait. Ich Mich is one incredible song, along with Hein Herz Brennt, but there isn't a dud on this disc. If you are a Rammstein fan, GET THIS DISC! And if you are disappointed, then you are not a fan.
0140277447|4.0|Regardless of your nationality, this piece/take is worthy of reading.  Humanity during war has proven time and again to shock and shame us into silence.  Only when faced with mediums of disclosure of the depths men can reach may we seek any hope of checking future atrocities.
0385474547|5.0|This is a terrific book. Don't attempt to read it if you have a low IQ. It's not for people who don't like to learn or who need to have lots of special effects to enjoy a movie.
0140288503|5.0|If you are the type of person that finds true war books kind of dry and to technical this book will change your mind. It is the true story of the United States involvment in Somalia. The action is intense and the story is heroic, sad, and amazing at the same time. I look foreward to the upcoming movie directed by Ridley Scott.
B00003CXN3|2.0|&quot;Traffic&quot; is an overlong, unnecessarily complicated movie that thinks it has something new to say about the 'war on drugs', but doesn't.  Those who criticize the Nancy Reagan &quot;Just say no&quot; mantra in favour of movies like this -- that ask a lot of questions but provide nary an answer -- are just kidding themselves into complacency.<br />Ostensibly an attack on the same story from four different viewpoints, I'd say only half of the action was relevant and necessary.<br />The Mexico scenes, roughly 90% in Spanish, survive mainly on the talents of its hulking lead, Benicio Del Toro.  He never does anything flashy or obvious, but ably shows his character's dilemma.  And his charisma is just enough to save the day, especially when surrounded by a crowd of two-dimensional villains.<br />The scenes featuring Don Cheadle and Luis Guzman are entertaining and surprisingly funny.  But they really have no place in this movie.  These two fine actors have wonderful chemistry together, but it feels like they have been spliced in from a low budget but finely written buddy movie.  I'm not against a little comic relief in the midst of a tense drama, but it just never seemed appropriate here.  Their clowning undermines the drama (In interviews, director Steven Soderbergh has floated the idea of shooting a prequel featuring these two; a better idea might have been scrapping &quot;Traffic&quot; altogether, and focusing on that instead).<br />The Catherine Zeta-Jones scenes are so mishandled that I don't know where to start.  First, the buzz on her character is that she quickly goes from being a sheltered innocent to a Machiavellian drug lord, because her situation demands it.  Thus bringing up a series of ethical questions and moral dilemmas.  I bought the sheltered innocent part, but the rest was just laughable.  A gradual transformation might've worked, but she falls so easily into the role vacated by her jailed husband that you have to question how much she reallyknew all along.  And on top of that, her mothering instincts seem to leave her completely.  After her son is threatened, the boy never again appears in the film.  Would a competent mother ever let him leave her side after that?  It is an odd choice, amplified by the fact that Jones lobbied hard to play the role while pregnant.  And don't get me started on the ineptness of Dennis Quaid's character, not to mention his acting.<br />Finally, we have the Michael Douglas scenes.  I knew this story would be awful the minute I saw his ridiculous hair.  It makes him look like an ignorant moron, and his actions in his new job as Drug Czar don't dispel that perception one bit.  The whole point of his character was to reveal that no matter how sheltered and mundane your life is, the drugs can find even you.  So his daughter gets high.  A lot.  And when she heads down to the bad part of town, well, our hero Mr. Douglas has to go find her (as if it's the job of the Drug Czar to clean up all the drugs by himself!).  At one point he transforms into an older and blander version of his fine vigilante character from &quot;Falling Down&quot;.  I half expected him to get a buzz-cut and a pair of horn-rimmed glasses.  I'd like to say something about the characters of his daughter and his wife, but both were so insubstantial and cliched that there's really no point.<br />I liked Soderbergh's comeback film &quot;Out of Sight&quot;, where he ably flipped back and forth through time and story (a technique used less effectively in his next film, &quot;The Limey&quot;).  Here, he does pretty much the same thing, only not as extreme.  It doesn't work nearly as well.  And just because one character from one of the threads passes by on the street a character from another of the threads doesn't mean that everybody's life is intertwined.  I used to think that the connections linking the characters in &quot;Magnolia&quot; were the epitome of tenuous, but &quot;Traffic&quot; out does even that rambling mess (which leads me to believe that if you liked &quot;Magnolia&quot; -- I didn't -- you'll probably like &quot;Traffic&quot; too).    And Soderbergh's cinematography (credited as Peter Andrews), where he uses extreme colours to denote a change in geography, is intended to be artful, subtle, and symbolic.  It comes off, rather, as heavy handed and condescending to its audience.  We don't need colour coding to understand that we've gone from Mexico to Cincinnati (does he think we can't read his title cards?).<br />I realize that as of this writing, mine is the minority opinion.  Just understand that when a talented filmmaker like Soderbergh fails to fulfill the promise of a subject pregnant with possibilities, I feel we have to call him out on it.  Maybe he'll get it right next time.
B00003CWTI|5.0|An exhilerating journey into the tangled wrecks of these beautifully deep, traumatised characters. (Aren't we all?)  I was left with the feeling that either 'you get it', or you don't......<br />I was entranced for the duration; swept into the mood of the moment. The beautiful soundtrack, acting as the distraction that we all have in our minds, when events take over our thoughts. The performance of each character was as soul-searching as possible, and each character found themselves in the unpredictable situations that life can present, given one small change to the fragile formula of our lives.<br />Unpredictability? You bet....., life is full of it. If you are a thinker, it is imperitive that you watch this film.<br />If you are an action hero, in need of the screeming obvious - you will miss the point, and rate it one star.<br />A magic and unforgettable all time favorite.  An absolute masterpiece, which will provide you with hours of thoughts, long after the credits have rolled. <br />Enjoy!<br />Janet. S/East England. April 2001.
B000002HJA|5.0|What to say about Kyuss, firstly I shall begin with the first time I heard them. In England on BBC Radio 1, Claire Sturgess was still hosting the now virtually defunct Rock show and played a song by a band called Kyuss, the song was Gardenia, the next day I went out and bought this new release album called Sky Valley. When buying the album I thought well at least I know i shall like one song. When returning home and putting it onto my stereo, I could not believe that I had bought such a gem! Every track track was unbelievable, it was so nice to listen to something so fresh and innovative yet classicly styled at the same time. Thus started a virtual infatuation, buying every album I could get my hands on going to two of the three gigs that Kyuss did in England and then came this album. Words fail me, but rest assured the only way you will buy a better rock album is if Kyuss reform and make another album!!<br />Many misconceptions have been made about Kyuss, comparisons to the great line-up of Black Sabbath etc. But to be honest there are similarities, but why compare, just listen, enjoy then listen again.
6303430570|5.0|Clerks is KS's best because it is hilarious without being to silly (Mallrats) boring (Chasing Amy) or long (dogma). Dante is immediately likable, with his over-repeated line of &quot;im not even supposed to be here!&quot; Randall is kind of a hypocritical slug, but you don't hate him cause he's cool. Although Jay And Silent Bob don't appear very much, Randall makes up for it, with his hilarious takes on Star Wars and jizzmoppers. That's the best part of Clerks-so many lines to remember. I especially love the line &quot;there are a lot of beatiful girls out there. Most of them just cheat on you though. Clerks is one of the best comedies ever, because the characters are so likable and has some of the funniest lines ever written. Almost too good for its own good.
0767825411|5.0|Only 5? I would rate this movie a ten on scale of 1-5!  It is the funniest movie.  I mean, a giant, Stay Puft marshmellow man, attacking New York, it is halarious!  There is none stop comedy and who can resist that song by Ray Parker Jr.  Dan Aykroyd, Bill Murray, and Rick Moranis are great.  This was the greatest movie ever, it is a must buy!!! I can't say I recall seeing Ghostbusters 2, but I don't care the first one was funny enough to make me by the second and third if they ever made one!
0767849493|5.0|Dogma probably works on a higher level than any of Smith's films, and that's good. He had the whole vulgarity thing down pat with the brilliant Mallrats, but then, file this in &quot;oh how the might have fallen&quot; dept, he came out with Chasing Amy. Then this came out. It's great really. I don't see what all the hoopla was about. If you were to actually watch the film, you would see that it does not attack the church, but in effect actually educates us. Kevin Smith is a practicing Catholic, so I wouldn't see why he's bash his own religion. He just makes statements and opinions that we aren't used to. Within minutes, I was back in full KS mood as soon as we got to the first long monologue scene-with George Carlin introduing the Buddy Christ. Might offend few, but really I was like, &quot;yknow, I never though about that way.&quot; Those that are offended by killing angels should note that angels who turn away from God are demons! Now, does a shooting demon sound any worse? Stop slapping labels on these kinda things people. The film is very hilarious and action filled-if I were to make a film, it'd be something like this-smart, with action, but not overly contrived or unoriginal. There's so many memorable lines and scenes (in usual Bob glory, Bob uses mouth spray to kill a .... demon) that by the time the credits roll, you feel like you've been on a ride. Those who found the ending battle hokey, I say, &quot;ha! let me guess-you liked Gladiator?&quot; Dogma is a masterpiece.
B00004YKUY|1.0|I COULD NOT WAIT FOR THE RELEASE OF THIS CD.  I RECEIVED IT TODAY AND AM VERY DISAPPOINTED.  THE CD DOES NOT MEASURE UP TO THE MUSIC THAT WE HAVE GROWN TO EXPECT FROM JOURNEY.  STEVE PERRY WAS THE SOUND OF JOURNEY.
6303213650|5.0|By far the sagest, &amp; finally sweetest, Coen brothers effort, though it MAY depend almost entirely upon viewer familiarity with four Frank Capra movies, particularly \\"Mr. Deeds Goes to Town\\" (from which most plot/character &amp; a dozen or so scenes are quite shamelessly/innocently/charmingly lifted &amp; suitably Coen-tweaked). Trying to judge what is happening here without doing a little very pleasant homework is silly. American movies are integral to Coen experience, essential as breathing. What you don't know may cause the brothers to tease/prank at you, but they mean well, are just trying to share, encourage interest in what came before, made them possible (plus frequently droll). ABSOLUTELY disregard advice about doing this one cold. Much of the comedy, &amp; ALL of the heart, is in how the obvious primary basis [Deeds] &amp; the Coen commentary on basis commingle, resonate. No free lunch. Sorry. The Coens are right (again), by the way: Deeds is perfect-pitch Capracorn, the ONLY choice for the skewball remake. A double-feature is sternly recommended.
B00003CXP1|5.0|The original novel by Hubert Selby Jr. was saved from cliche by the immediacy of Selby's writing and Selby's own style.  It also touched on the fact that everyone is addicted to something, that nobody lacks a jones for something, be it heroin, alcohol, television, friendship or simple hope. The movie isn't cliche thanks to a stunning ensemble of performances and Darren Aronofsky's direction.  <br />On the surface, it sounds like every &quot;my drug hell&quot; movie ever made, insofar as Harry Goldfarb, his girl Marion, and his buddy Tyrone are concerned.  What makes it work is that the script (by Selby and Aronofsky) introduces us to the characters, lets us get to know them, actually get to like them.  As their lives decline, you're THERE.  You see it, you feel it all.<br />But the plotline of Harry's mother, Sara, is in a class by itself.  Done by Ellen Burstyn, it's a truly astounding piece of work.  Sara starts on a downward spiral when she's given a simple piece of hope.  It's truly horrible to watch.<br />All of this is helped along by a truly stunning score by Clint Mansell, who scored Aronofsky's first film (also an excellent work) &quot;Pi.&quot;  Mansell, with the help of the Kronos Quartet, proves he's going to be a powerful force in film scoring.  <br />Don't be turned off by the NC-17 rating, or think this is inappropriate for teenagers because of it, this, along with &quot;Trainspotting&quot;, is the best filmed argument not to use drugs ever made.  Everyone should see this.  At least rent it, it is brilliant.
B000024D4R|5.0|For some strange and weird reason this is the most underrated floyd album, although it was written almost completly by Roger Waters(except Dogs) this is their best album after Dark Side, it was at the height of The Punk Invasion, and this record had the punk mentality, Roger's view of society as Dogs, Sheeps and Pigs is one of the most Punkish things I have listened to. After you buy Dark Side of the Moon, buy Animals, and close your room's door and listen to ir over and over and over again, you won't be disapointed!!! This is the Floyd at their highest point and their roughest!!!<br />P.S. SHINE ON
B00004W221|5.0|If you ever felt down and need a lift up, then watch this movie.  I guarantee it will lift you up!
0385501005|5.0|For hopeless romantics this is a must read!  Wonderfully written. Mike Gayle must know me..
B00000IAU3|2.0|Okay.....my father likes this CD.  To give you an idea, he like Alanis Morrisette and Iris Dement.  This CD is unoriginal and uninspiring.  It sounds like a cross of Sarah McLachlan and Portishead minus the inspiration.  Personally, i liked &quot;Thank You&quot; when i heard it in Eminems &quot;STan&quot; but when i listened to the actaul song, it sounded lackluster and bereft of any cohesive mood or musical value....it switches from morose to happy, with not much reason, like a typical pop song.  She might have amounted to something better, with her wonderful voice (which is either just very similar to or a rip-off of Sarah M.).  The instrumentation is sometimes interesting, but they don't play off of it enough. The songs are catchy, but in the bad way.  All in all, i wish my father didn't have this CD because i *really* dislike the songs and they always get stuck in my head....So, I think  this music is a perfect CD for people who like *average* music.
B00005A1PR|5.0|India Arie is like a breath of fresh air for true music fans ezpecially those who miss the purity and beauty of real soul/R&amp;B music. She has the genuine nature of Stevie, the coolness of Lauryn Hill, the sound of a more R&amp;B-centric Tracy Chapman, and the songcrafting of those like Donny Hathaway, Joni Mitchell, and Roberta Flack yet she stands on her own. She has combined all those past influences and instead of trashing the legacy of great music like so many new so-called artists today, she does what all true artists do, recognize the ancestry and adds her own flavor to the mix. She comes to us in a much needed time when all the songs are about the same thing: sleeping around, spending money, being gangsta, shooting, etc. She speaks for those of us who love our selves without caring about the stereotypes society tries to classify us as. She speaks for all the queens and the kings. Her music illustrates love, wisdom, beauty, grace and its just as thought-provoking as it is fun. And like Erykah, Jill Scott, Maxwell, D'Angelo and so many others,  your favorite Roberta Flack album will not be disappointed in you because you want to play Acoustic Soul. Your favorite Marvin Gayes songs will be pleased...finally, finally...there's hope. Thank God, India, you're not the average girl.
B00005A1PR|5.0|When I bought the Maxisingle to Chico DeBarge's &quot;Playa Hater&quot;, there were about 5 song snippets on the CD from a singer that I had no idea who she was.  Then I was watching BET and I later found out that this singer was India Arie.  After hearing &quot;Video&quot; and &quot;Brown Skin&quot;, I knew that I would make a purchase as soon as this CD came out.  Once I heard the whole CD, three people came to mind: Dionne Farris, Me'Shell Ndegeocello and Amel Larrieux.  I also had to break out the &quot;Love Jones&quot; soundtrack so that I could listen to &quot;Hopeless&quot; By Dionne Farris.  The overall vibe of this CD is amazing.  From beginning to end, India Arie impresses me and she also shows that she is very versatile with her song and music selections.  Instead of following the trend of most r&amp;b music of today, India Arie chooses to uplift people through her music instead of talking about how she is mad because her man is creeping, etc.  She reminds me of Amel Larrieux and Jill Scott in that aspect.  Other gems on this CD include &quot;Nature&quot;, &quot;Always In My Head&quot;, &quot;Promises&quot;, &quot;I See God In You&quot; and &quot;Strength, Courage &amp; Wisdom&quot;.  However, the best song on this CD and what can qualify right now as probably one of or if not the best song of 2001 so far has to be &quot;Ready For Love&quot;.  This is definitely one of the best put together slow songs that I have heard in a long time.  She bears all of her heart and soul in less than 5 minutes.  I would pay the full price of the CD just for this song alone.  It's good to see that young women actually have something they can listen to that is encouraging and uplifting for a change.  People like India Arie, Jill Scott, Musiq, and Erykah Badu will keep soul music around for a long time.  Believe me, once you have heard this CD one time, you'll be glad that you added this classic in your collection.
6305307261|5.0|I don't know why the people at Widescreen Review rated this DVD so poorly, because as far as I'm concerned this transfer is marvellous. Details and colours are extremely rich, the cinematography is astounding, the soundtrack is clear in dialogue and atmospheric in musical score. Herzog's vision is a complete masterpiece - serving as both an homage to Murnau's still-astonishing original and as a reinterpretation and reassessment of the Nosferatu myth. Kinski's performance as the Count is both terrifying and achingly sad. He gives us more insight into the barren, haunted soul of the vampyre than I have ever seen in a film of this type. Adjani, as Lucy, is a beautiful doomed heroine. Adjani is an actress who never gives less than the most powerful performance, she inhabits every character she plays, and her Lucy is a passionate, sensual woman, acutely vulnerable and intensely courageous, whose disturbing psychosexual bond with the Count serves as the undoing of both of them. She illuminates the screen. Finally, Ganz's Jonathan Harker is a revelation. For once, it is a pleasure to see a completely three dimensional interpretation of Harker's character when, in most other movies, he is relegated to little more than glorified extra status after his initial foray into Castle Dracula. 'Nosferatu The Vampyre' is a perfect example of a director and actors coming together at the top of their craft, and what they have created here is nothing less than spectacular.
B000053V7Q|2.0|The remastering is excellent, but I prefer the original film.  Some of my favorite performances are missing (like BRIDGE OVER TROUBLED WATER) as well as ALL the interviews. And how do you access all the extra songs that are supposedly included?  I can't find them anywhere!  Try to find the original version before it disappears!
B00004Z459|1.0|Words do not describe my contempt for bands like this. They package and market their angst as if it were a t-shirt. Like Limp Bizkit, KoRn (newer KoRn), Papa Roach, they are corporate boys. Designed by a label to sell records and t-shirts, no different than designer clothing. Open your musical horizons, there is a whole world of sound outside radio, and MTV. These two mediums will only show you what is hot and most marketable at the moment. Disposable music is what I call it. They bring nothing new to music, never raise the bar, they leech of the bottom for fifteen minutes, then when their populartiy dwindles, it's off to the used cd bins. If you want angst music or music with a message listen to Hatebreed, or Snapcase, they have not been completely corrupted by corporation. Linkin Park, and the bands I mentioned earlier, have no staying power, in a short amount of time they will be gone. I will not shed a tear.
B000005ITX|2.0|I'm listening to the CD -- for maybe the 20th time -- as I write this. I just don't understand the fascination with this band? Yeah, all my &quot;cool&quot; friends dig it, everyone talks about it in an almost worshipful tone (see other reviews), but to me, it is Nick Drake without the subtlety, Hendrix without the prowess, Beatles without the grace or humanity, Beach Boys without the sincerity, The Stones' &quot;Between the Buttons&quot; without the humor or range. (And what's with the bad Dylan impression on track 10?)<br />Supremely cheese-ball strings, corny arrangements, comically self-indulgent first-year-away-at-college &quot;deep&quot; lyrics (&quot;lost in confusions...you don't know how much I love you&quot; &quot;sometimes my life is so eerie...&quot; &quot;free-dom, free-dom, free-dom...&quot; Hilarious and horrible!). They take themselves so seriously!<br />Yet I can't deny, somehow it all adds up to something sort of pleasant to listen to, at least on occasion? It is earnest in sort of a charming way, and very evocative of the period. But I still don't quite get the adoration?<br />Here's why I think it is so popular with the indie crowd: It is easy to defend from a &quot;you just don't get it, man&quot; position. But like much of the music from the coolies, there just ain't much there. Just because it's inscrutable and earnest and overwrought doesn't mean it's that GOOD.<br />But hey, I'm not trying to talk anybody out of anything! If this is your bag, great. But if you are reading these reviews and thinking to yourself, &quot;Love?! I've never heard of these guys! Better than Sgt. Pepper's? I've got to check them out!&quot;, I think I would slow down, check out the downloads, and go get the Byrd's &quot;Fifth Dimension,&quot; or Van Morrison's &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; or the Beatles' &quot;Magical Mystery Tour,&quot; or Dylan's &quot;Blonde on Blonde&quot; first.
B000005DQR|5.0|This is an amazing album.<br />One of the biggest reasons for this being so is that it has staying power.  It is something like six years old now and sounds fresh and vital.... Really, I don't know that this is going to mean anything to anyone reading this review with some intent to buy. First, just buy it.<br />Second, what this album is is one man's collage created out of a lifetime of looking through records, taking them apart, and putting them back together again. DJ Shadow is the foremost turntablist IF that is defined to being able to dissect something and then put it back together into a coherant whole that is something COMPLETE and just not an act of will or skill (though you do have to give props to people like DJ Q-bert for how he scratches, or Kid Koala, for what he scratches with, or Peanut Butter Wolf, for how he can raise the caliber of the other people he's working with....) This album is SO far above what anyone else has done (DJ Cam's 'Mad Blunted Jazz' is the only thing that even comes sort of close...) <br />Buy this album. It is totally, totally mind blowing and will become a soundtrack to your life. If you like it, then check out all of the stuff by Ninja Tune (a label) cause they are at the forefront of the 'modern' versions of this (with people like Amon Tobin and Koala)....
B00004X01U|4.0|The first Madonna album I have ever purchased (I am 35 years old).  I am primarily a purchaser of classic and accoustic rock.  When I heard &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; on the radio, I instantly loved it.  Everything about the song is great - the beat, lyrics, crisp sound, and silence - the use of silence as a part of the song is fantastic and unlike anything I have ever heard in a pop music song.<br />I liked all the songs but &quot;Don't Tell Me&quot; and &quot;I Deserve It&quot; were my favorites.<br />Whatever one thinks of Madonna one thing is certain- she is one of the great artists in music whether its Pop, rock 'n roll, etc..  Period.
079284632X|3.0|Okay...I'm giving this film three stars because, while it IS a cult classic and has a well-deserved place in horror cinema history, there are obvious flaws which I won't even go into...I'll just say the word &quot;music&quot; and leave it at that.  What really prompted me to write this review, however, is the fact that some reviewers have actually stated that &quot;Last House on the Left&quot; is based on a true story.  These are obviously the same people who believed that &quot;The Blair Witch Project&quot; actually happened.  This film is NOT based on a true story, kids.  Actually, it's (loosely) based on a Swedish film by Ingmar Bergman called &quot;The Virgin Spring&quot;...which you should all make an attempt to find.  It's subtitled, of course, but at least you don't have to listen to that awful music.  &quot;The Virgin Spring&quot; is a brilliant piece of film (five stars, even) about a family that exacts revenge when their daughter is brutally raped and murdered...sound familiar?  And just to set the record straight on another subject...&quot;The Texas Chain Saw Massacre&quot;...that didn't really happen, either.
B00005AFVR|4.0|I saw Bruce 3 times on this tour, and the songs on this live album comprise the core of the band's setlist, plus a couple of additions, the notorious &quot;American Skin (41 Shots)&quot; and &quot;Lost in the Flood.&quot;  While the recording does revive the concert's highlights for me, it's worth noting that nothing compares to the actual show: Springsteen's showmanship, the E-Street band's seamless cohesion and evident camaraderie, and of course the crazed and devoted fans.  Since the music on this double CD release is extracted from the utter carnival/religious experience that is a Springsteen show, it seems a bit lacking, by comparison. The songs seem to have been selected to appeal to the widest possible audience, and the result is that some sound like the band going through the motions (&quot;My Love Will Not Let You Down,&quot; &quot;Prove It All Night,&quot; and &quot;Ramrod&quot; are the notable suspects.)  True Bruce fans long for that rare performance of an often overlooked song, but there are very few of those here. By contrast, some of the classics are rendered with new striking flourishes.  The extended, melancholic intro to &quot;The River&quot; is itself almost worth the price of the album.  The haunting &quot;Atlantic City,&quot; the (unrecognizably) wrenching &quot;Born in the U.S.A.,&quot; and the disarming &quot;If I Should Fall Behind&quot; are real gems.  While these quieter moments demonstrate the dramatic power of Springsteen's show, this album is meant to be played loud, loud, LOUD. As a final note, the editing of this album came out painfully transparent.  The track-shuffling (maybe in order to fit them on 2 CD's) disrupts both the cohesion between songs and climactic trajectory of the concert as a whole.  It would have been more appropriate to keep &quot;The Land of Hopes and Dreams&quot; at the show's closer.
B00004Z459|5.0|I am so amazed by this band... the entire cd is great, but I'll break it down for you: the guitars in it are awesome, the voices blend well together, the songs are unique and clean and each one is catchy. My fav one is &quot;with you&quot; it also has this track &quot;Cure for the itch&quot; which is wordless but it's pretty damn cool. Linkin Park is gonna be huge, watch out!
B00003CX8J|2.0|What a let down. Why did it get rave reviews? Just as it got interesting it ended. Being a fan of the comic book I was happy with the disposal of the Blue &amp; Yellow outfits in favor of leather, and Jackman was spot on as Wolverine. But overall it was flat and disappointing
B000056NX4|5.0|The gospel story comes to life in a new way when gifted artists look at the last six days of Jesus Christ's life.  Who is Jesus? Why did He die when He did?  Could Jesus have lived a little longer?  Why does the musical end on Good Friday?
B00000AFFI|4.0|I think what compells me to PJ Harvey's music is the fact that she writes with such brutally honest, if not poetic lyrics. Ever since acquiring \\"Stories From the City...\\" I have rediscovered an artist I so long ago discarded in the early '90s. Today I revere PJ Harvey's music and her as an artist. She is a rarity in the music industry I think. I can hear her changing as an artist through her albums. \\"Is This Desire?\\" is just one step towards the maturity she reaches with her current album \\"Stories From the City...\\".
B000002B35|3.0|Better than The Delicate Sound Of Thunder live album. That sound weak and didn't have a good variety of songs. I saw them live on this tour and bought the album. It's good but most of the songs you already heard a billion times before and get nothing new out of them live. An entire live vesion of Darkside of the moon was cool though. The set list was way too predictable, constrained and limited by the lack of Roger Waters quit the band 16 years ago. I think his new live album is the true Live Floyd Album. It spanned the whole catalouge of pink floyd's albums except for the last two he wasn't on and that's okay because most of those songs they play here from them stink like A great day for freedom. The lack of those on his live album are a plus though he plays some stinkers from his solo career too. You can debate which of the two are really the continuation of Pink floyd because Floyd now is really just David gilmore with a bunch of studio musicians. Sure Rick Wright and Nick Mason are on the album but their there for show and aren't really playing much. If they were really contributing why did they need a second keyboardist and drummer to play live. What the hell do you need a second drummer for anyway? That balances out Roger Waters being the only floyd left on his album. He has the more intersting voice too.
0525945636|1.0|This was my first Follet novel and likely my last. This was just bad. That's the best way to describe it. The character interactions were strained. The mood and nuance of the book took very small and unsure steps. But mostly, there was zero creativity in getting from one situation to another.<br />My problem there is that Anthony, the main protagonist, pretty much gets everything he needs to happen. If he were to suddenly need a can of Coke, you can bet that there would be one, on ice, wherever he was standing.<br />I'm not going to go into the factual erros that others have explored other than to say they were there.<br />Finally, the book just wouldn't end. It was as if the author needed to say, &quot;Oh...and,&quot; over and over again. The lesser protagonist, who I will not mention by name, and the way that character left the book was just sophomoric to say the least.
B00000DFTH|3.0|I know alot of people get mad if some old band they like doesn't play thier hits in concert but did Black Sabbath have to play only their hits. An obscure song or two would have been nice. Only Dirty Women was vaugly obscure. Instead it was pretty much We Sold Our Souls For Rock n Roll Live.  I love Black Sabbath but I will never go to one of their reunion concerts because their only going to play the same old stuff I heard a billion times already. Granted it would be a crime they didn't play Paranoid but there is no more gas in the tank with War Pigs, Iron Man, and NIB. The freshest part of the album was Ozzy blabbering incoherently between songs. It would be great if they made a new album and played them live but this album was boring. Scowering Napster for bootlegs I liked Black Sabbath better live with the revolving door of members. Even if they played the played out stuff it sounded fresh because some new guy was singing the songs just about every tour and drew from a larger body of work than the first five or six albums. That's why Judas Priest's LIVE MELTDOWN was so good and if it's still in print Black Sabbath's Cross Purposes Live (they played The Wizard on that one!).
0684853523|5.0|When I first heard about Stephen King's new book - On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft - I was somewhat skeptical. I had tried to read Danse Macabre as a teenager and was never able to get through the book. I'm not sure why. It was just one of those books that never appealed to me. As the years have gone by and as I've studied writing, one of my favorite parts has become reading the King's author's note at the end of the book. The best have been the notes at the end of the three books in The Dark Tower series. After On Writing was published, I heard that a large part was autobiographical, and I knew that I had to have the book. <br />On Writing is two books in one: an autobiography which covers 130+ pages followed by a writing toolbox courtesy of King. For lovers of those author notes by King, the first half of the book is pure bliss. Detailed information starting in King's childhood about why he started writing, his early failures, and his current success. True fans of King know that his life was never easy, and the first section of the book illustrates those trials. King received his share of rejection slips, most of which wound up on a spike on his bedroom wall, but his perseverance showed what can come if you believe in the craft. <br />The second half of the book is King's toolbox: building characters, writing dialogue, avoiding passive tense, and revising your own work are all covered in detail. King writes in a manner that is easy to read and easy to put into practice. But, he also makes it clear that he doesn't believe everyone can become good writers. <br />This book has a wide audience. Writers will enjoy the book from the perspective of someone that has been there, done that, and definitely owns the t-shirt. Fans of King who are not writers will also enjoy the book as it provides an intimate look at King from King. People who have been interested in reports about King since his accident in 1999 will also enjoy the postscript at the end of the book explaining how King has put himself back into the habit of writing since his accident.
B00003CXA6|5.0|As far as feature length Civil War movies go, this is absolutely the best. &quot;Glory&quot; and &quot;The Red Badge of Courage&quot; round out the top three with all the others falling way behind. (&quot;Ride With the Devil&quot; was kind off boring and &quot;North &amp; South&quot; was a long, drawn out, chic-movie, mini-series that only had occasional good Civil War moments.) Having &quot;Gettysburg&quot; on DVD just makes the experience that much better. The voice-over commentary is usually quite interesting. So was the &quot;Making Of..., Interviews and all the other extras. My one complaint was that it didn't include the extra 20 minutes of footage that was included in the Collector's Edition Video Set that I owned. Half of the extra footage was no big deal, but the other half of it was. My guess is that they will come out with a DVD Collector's Edition with this extra footage in the not too distant future.    An added advantage to the DVD version is that I was able to freeze frame some scenes and find some of my reenacting pards. That was a kick. (Wish I'd been there for the filming.)     Gettysburg is, and may always be, the best Civil War Movie around. Check it out.
B000058983|5.0|I remember when I worked at The Wherehouse Records in the early 80's, my manager always used to talk about Love Forever Changes and how it's this hidden classic. I never believed him and was always too busy to sit down and listen to it. Plus, I was into punk and New Wave and that psychadelic stuff was passe at the time. Well here I am, about to turn 40 and I'm positively transfixed by this new Remaster. I am listening every night when I go to bed with my portable CD player and still moved every time I hear it.<br />The thing that blows me away about Forever Changes is the way it pulls you in. Upon first listen, you assume this is another late 60's peace and love album like Iron Butterfly or something. But as it grows on you, it begins to transcend it's own time. It's almost as if it could have been made in any era since and it would still have the same impact. This is one for the ages and I forsee myself playing it as much as my two other favorite late 60's classics Tommy and Velvet Underground and Nico. Thanks for this magnificent reissue.
B00004RD54|5.0|Sometimes it's hard to remember this is a Lou Reed album and while his performance is passable, you should own it for the amazing six-string heroics of Steve Hunter and Dick Wagner.  So completely do they dominate their employer on this aural document that Lou almost becomes just another member of the band.  The intro to &quot;Sweet Jane&quot; alone almost makes it worth the price of admission.  One minor complaint: IT'S TOO SHORT!
0062502174|1.0|I know this review will result in a whole heap of &quot;No It Wasn't Helpful&quot; votes, because I am going against the trend!<br />Just as I hated Jonathan Livingston Seagull when I was a teenager, I hate this book now! No, hate is too strong a word for this piece of insignificant and shallow tripe. In every generation along comes an over-hyped meditation which is nothing more than New Age, melange-religion twaddle. And this is the one for now.<br />And it's way over-priced.<br />Disappointingly, it's by the author of one of my favourite books of the past couple of years (Veronika Decides To Die) .<br />Personal Legends sound like some of advertising industry hype for the latest inspiration for how You Too Can Be President, or how You Too Can Win A Gold Medal at the Olympics.<br />But when I got to this nonsense on page 80: &quot;Everything on earth is being continuously transformed, because the earth is alive....and it has a soul. We are part of that soul, so we rearely recognize that it is working for us. But in the crystal shop you probably realized that even the glasses were collaborating in your success&quot;, I just exploded in laughter. God, Allah and Crystals.<br />As a woman this book says absolutely nothing to me: &quot;The desert was full of men who earned their living based on the ease with which they could penetrate to the Soul of the World. They were known as seers, and they were held in fear by women and the elderly.&quot;  (p 103). Probably those other weaklings, children as well, though that is not specified. But there is a role for women - waiting around the oasis for their men to either return or hearing they have been killed. Grand! Just what I've been wanting to know - it's transformed my life! The most profound insight yet known to Man. Come, on pull the other leg!<br />If I want to go looking for The Philosopher's Stone, I think I'll choose Harry Potter as my companion!
B00004YRQA|5.0|You need one of these if you are going to use the PS2... that is unless you plan on sitting at your TV for three days straight when Final Fantasy X finally comes out.
B000056K04|5.0|This CD is pure genius.  I read some reviews about how DMB has sold out.  There people are not smart.  They are morons.  They have obviously not read anything about what went into making this album.  Dave Matthews does not need to sell out to sell records.  It is a refreshing new Dave Matthews that this listener is very pleased with.  The songs are shorter, mostly due to producer Glen Ballard, and they have been stripped down to get right to the point.  I would compare this Cd to U2's new one, All That You Can't Leave Behind.  They are both &quot;rebirths&quot; for the artists.  They throw caution to the wind and write whatever they want.  They both have great producers to guide them through it as well.  I'm very impressed with the new Dave CD.  He never ceases to amaze me.
B000059T5O|5.0|What a loaded CD. Every track cracks with a rumblin', gutsy sound that hasn't been heard anywhere for quite some time . . . it's perfectly produced, and wonderfully and extraordinarily infectious. The rhythm section's major hooks grab you instantly and John's vocals are sinister yet soothing. This is great stuff. A must in every real music lover's collection. <br />Now I want to go see the man perform the songs live!
B0000033PB|5.0|In '92 ELP returned after a few false starts with BLACK MOON.Despite not sounding the least bit like BRAIN SALAD SURGERY or TRILOGY,this album has too much going for it to be called simply &quot;pop rock&quot;.The title track is awesome.PAPER BLOOD is a great rocker.ROMEO AND JULIET,CHANGING STATES,and CLOSE TO HOME are great Emerson instrumentals.AFFAIRS OF THE HEART and FOOTPRINTS IN THE SNOW are patented Greg Lake ballads that are simply beautiful.BETTER DAYS is my favorite song of the album.It features a powerful Lake vocal,a hard hitting drum by Palmer,and a super,razor sharp cutting keyboard by Emerson.Despite not being progressive like the '70's,this is still a great album.
0887306101|5.0|I found this to be an outstanding book. Some of it will be somewhat esoteric, one of the interviews is with an options broker, who would be on the sell side, which most of us will never see. However, his descriptions of how even a broker can get hurt and what they need to be on the alert for were very interesting.<br />I agree with another reviewer here that the interview with Richard Dennis was worth the price of the book by itself.<br />There are people here who trade bonds, futures, options, and currencies. Well-done interviews with them are the keystone of this book. They tell you exactly what was going through their minds and why they acted the way they did in a given situation.<br />One of the most important things I took away from this book how each area of trading was truly a specialty in and of itself, and these guys are masters of their respective disciplines.<br />Also, there is the very interesting interview with the great &quot;swing trader&quot; Paul Tudor Jones, who has the uncanny ability to tell when market swings at the bottom or the top are going to occur. Anyway, I think it was in the interview with Jones where he says that he couldn't have made money in stocks, they're just too random compared to futures!
B00002Z88D|5.0|This is an awesome record for people with diverse tastes. I am personally a hard rock fan but after hearing this album,even I got the feeling that orchaestration can match the angst and power of rock. The stuff on this album is excellent in terms of choice. Metallica not only do some of their ballads like &quot;nothing else matters&quot;, &quot;bleeding me&quot;, and &quot;hero of the day&quot; but also some energetic tracks like &quot;Battery&quot;, &quot;Fuel&quot;, &quot;Enter Sandman&quot; and &quot;Devil's Dance&quot; with no feeling of unsatisfaction.Buy it
B00004BZ0N|5.0|Really 6 Stars. My brother first bought me the vinyl back in 1982, Combat Rock era.  I didn't expect much.  When I first listened to it I could not believe this album could have existed with out me hearing about it.  As I listened I kept saying that was good but the album will start to tail off on the next track.  It didn't, in fact it got better. Each succeeding song got better, I could not believe the incredible music that was on this 2 record set contained in one sleeve set.  Start to finish 19 tracks I can sing almost every word of every song, except the beginning of Clampdown, what is Joe saying after &quot;The Kingdom is ramsacked....&quot;.  Each track, separate in its style yet fantastically part of the whole.  I started buying all of the Clash LPs that were available. This is the album or CD I have played the most in my lifetime hands down.  I love lots of music and have many CDs and albums in my collection and I love many of the new artists.  Through the late 90's to now I kind of have forgotten about this album and the Clash until Christmas 2000 when my brother again gave me Burning London the Clash tribute.  This has again started me listening to the Clash London Calling and got me buying all of the other Clash Albums on CD that I used to have on Vinyl.  I can't say enough, no matter what type of music you love this CD London Calling must be part of your collection.<br />It is important, it has never even come close to getting it's due, it deserves to be in the same category as the Beatles White Album and Pink Floyd Dark Side of the Moon.<br />A fantastic piece of human creativity.  Please Joe, Mick, Paul, Topper, get back together.
0375703764|4.0|the only reason i read this book is because it is supposedly related to the album &quot;Haunted&quot; by Poe. i was very pleased when i found it to be an unusual, creative, and thrilling read.<br />i won't bother describing it, because the plot is much too complicated. i'll just say that the book is written like an academic paper, complete with footnotes, which make it a bit difficult to read, as well as some unusual typesetting (some upside-down, sideways, diagonal, and backwards paragraphs). however, instead of ruining the book, these attributes only made it more realistic in a way.<br />the book definitely spooked me. it's odd, because there isn't a 'bad guy' in the book. the only thing that comes close to being a bad guy is the house itself. but it did scare me. i had to sleep with the light on all week because of this book.<br />the book also made me think, something i love about a book. it made me think, &quot;what if i open the closet door and suddenly find a fifty foot hallway?&quot; and the book almost makes me believe it could happen.<br />overall, it's a great, thrilling read if you have a lot of time and don't mind some unusual attributes to the book.
0553573403|5.0|I am totally hooked and I have now signed up for the sequels.  This is the very best of fantasy literature.  It is fast paced and exciting with a huge cast of charachters in a sprawling and diverse landscape.<br />At first I was despairing at the sheer number of people I was trying to follow, but Martin manages the characterisations very well so that each individual stands out clearly in the mind.<br />This is more a &quot;sword&quot; than a &quot;sorcerer&quot; fantasy book, and that is something I appreciate.  But don't despair, there were dragons once and there is a possibility that there will be dragons again.  Don't you just love possibility.<br />I can't wait to get into the next book.  I just hope Martin can write fast enough to keep me interested.  For lovers of Tolkien, Eddings, Jordan and Feist come aboard and read this one.  You will not be disappointed.  Buy it now - winter is coming.
B0000029GA|5.0|i bought it was writen.  it sucked so bad! then i listened to my friend's Illmatic cd.  i blew up! it was 35 minutes of perfection! I bought the cd and have been satisfied with this cd ever since! its the best cd i have!
B00004XQP4|5.0|but that doesn't mean that they don't kick A**!  &quot;WARNING&quot; is their wittiest, catchiest album yet.  Trust me, I know.  I didn't just &quot;discover&quot; them when &quot;Dookie&quot; went zillion platinum.  I, for one, have a thing for silly, big boys.      This album goes into a totally different direction from what I was expecting and that is ok with me.  If you don't atleast LISTEN to &quot;WARNING&quot;, you are seriously depriving yourself.  Like, for instance, &quot;Misery&quot;.  How do I describe that track?  I wasn't quite sure but thinking now, how does &quot;a polka on a serious acid trip&quot; sound.  It just kicks a**!  What can I say, people?  Also, another thing is &quot;Macy's Day Parade&quot;.  It's really soft but really sweet.  It just goes right through you.  It's happiness and pain together.      They've come a really long way and are long overdue for some respect.  From songs about high school girl trouble (&quot;At the Library&quot;) to songs about finally finding...something gratifying (&quot;Macy's Day Parade&quot;), they've run the gammet on emotions.  It's been like watching my brother go off and get married.  I've never met them, but in some strange way, I'm proud of them and happy for them.  They're extremely talented and deserve everything they have.  But, what the hell do I know?  I'm just some 24 year old, punk chick.                                                 Amy
B000056NX4|3.0|Every time I sit down to view the 1973 version of Webber and Rice's classic (which, as a great fan of the musical is quite often), I do so with both excitement and dread. The performances laid down on location in the desert nearly thirty years ago were top-notch but the production numbers were badly dated before the film was even in the can. In particular, the climactic signature &quot;Superstar&quot; number is truly dreadful, despite the incredible performance of Carl Anderson. Those outfits!<br />So when the new version arrived fresh from the London stage, I was naturally excited. And, as promised, the production is refreshingly updated, with set design and tone appropriate for the dark days in which we now live. But something has indeed gone wrong with the Edwards and Morris production. In an effort to paint a grim urban picture, the story has been wedged into a stark good/evil parable that entirely rejects the qualities that made the first production so notable: ambiguity, doubt, and the uncertainty that drive the need for faith. Neely's Jesus in Gethsemane, Anderson's searching confusion in his debates with Christ, Barry Dennen's doubtful Pilate, and Bob Bingham's hesitant Caiaphas, all directed viewers to believe in the weakness and humanity of those figures. These performances drove home the existential loneliness of human life and the idea that faith of any kind requires hard work.<br />Not so the performances of the new production. Jerome Pradon's Judas is furiously angry. Fred Johanson's Pilate is ham-fistedly evil. Frederick Owens' Caiaphas is dull. And Glenn Carter's Christ, though altogether other-worldly, is truly inhuman. Something has been lost in translation here, which is too bad, because so much else is done so well that I will be forced to watch this version too (probably just as often) with both excitement and dread.
B000056NX4|5.0|I just saw this on PBS's &quot;Great Performances&quot;.  It is, by far, the best production of Superstar that I've ever seen.  The only criticism I have is that the actor who played Caiaphas was not vocally suited to the role; the higher he sang, the weaker his voice.<br />The political tensions of Christ's day are marvelously depicted in the costuming of the Romans as policemen in riot gear.  &quot;Pilate's Dream&quot; is the first time I've actually seen Pilate *worried* about having been given the blame for Christ's death.<br />For once, Judas is not depicted as a misunderstood victim of God's plan, but as a creep.  For example, in &quot;It seems to me a strange thing mystifying&quot;, he not only protests Mary Magdalene, he throws her to the ground.  During the song, &quot;Jesus Christ Superstar&quot;, he is depicted as a typical, post-modern man, on the one hand searching for the truth of Christ, on the other hand, mocking Christ.<br />If you've wasted your time with the 1973 debacle starring Ted Neeley, you owe it to yourself to watch this.
0441172717|5.0|If by fast-paced you mean a Star Trek novel you can read in a couple of hours, no this isn't fast-paced. This is rich, challenging stuff, but you'll remember it for a long long time (and you'll be able to watch the David Lynch movie and know what the hell is going on).
B00005AFVR|5.0|THIS IS THE BEST LIVE RECORDING THAT WAS EVER DONE HANDS DOWN!  WHILE BRUCE MIGHT MAKE HIS LOYAL FANS WAIT FOR HIS WORK HE MAKES IT WORTH THE WAIT.  BRUCE REALLY KNEW WHAT HE WAS DOING WHEN IT CAME TO THIS ALBUM.  THE HBO SPECIAL WAS AWESOME AS WELL.  THE E STREET BAND IS THE BEST BAND THAT EVER GRACED A STAGE.  E STREET BAND E STREET BAND...
B000051VWW|5.0|In this era of hyper-emotional, faux-gospel shrieking of meaningless lyrics, what a relief to listen to Sade. She knows that her cool honey voice speaks vast volumes and all she needs is a gentle beat: not monster overproduction and multi-layered vocal tracks. This is a woman singing softly about a hurt that is hard; she knows what she is talking about and she knows that it's much more effective to be laid back and only raise your voice when the emotion becomes so great that you can no longer contain it.<br />Even if this album is not her best ever, it's still gorgeous.
B00004WGAI|5.0|i'm a total jane eyre addict.  i've seen ALL the movies, and while all are well-cast, this is the only version that remains true to the book.  it retains the wonderful conversations between jane and mr. rochester, captures their chemistry, captures jane's sly wit, does not condense the st. john rivers section into nothingness, as all the others do. dalton IS too tall and handsome, but you quickly forget this -- he plays rochester so truly and perfectly, capturing this character's romance and torment, and making both believable.  zelah ward is simply perfect, as are all the rest of this cast. but the best thing about this version is its faithfulness to the book, and if you love the book as much as i do, you'll know what this means.
B0000584V3|3.0|OK, I've been a fan of Opeth since Morningrise, and they have yet to disappoint me.  The first four songs on this album are absolutely phenomenal, but after that it tends to get just a bit too sleepy.  Overall it's an excellent album, but I think a lot of the reviews I've read here are too caught up in the &quot;Oh my god a new Opeth album&quot; frame of mind to really judge it fairly.  Anyway.. My Arms, Your Hearse is my personal favorite.
0425152251|2.0|The problem with this book is that it tries to be 1) a novel, and 2) a history of philosophy.  <br />As a novel, it is one of the worst written pieces of prose i have ever encountered, contains flat, uninteresting characters, and no plot.<br />As a histoy of philosophy, it gives brief, stereotyped introductions to complex, important thinkers.<br />If you want a novel and a history of philosophy, but a novel AND a history of philosophy, not this book.  If you are looking for an engaging (or even merely entertaining) read, this book is not where to find it, and I see no point in learning the barest facts about something as complex as philosophy, unless you are merely fishing for tid-bits to drop at parties.<br />&quot;A little learning is a dangerous thing / Drink deep, or taste not the Pierian spring / There shallow draughts intoxicate the brain / And drinking largely sobers us again.&quot; - Alexander Pope.
B00005A1PR|2.0|I really looked forward to listening to &quot;Acoustic Soul.&quot; India has a great voice, and I believe that with some assistance with lyrics, and a new producer, she can be a moderately successful entertainer. But this album was a letdown. I thought that maybe it would grow on me, but &quot;Strength, Courage and Wisdom,&quot; seemed strained and made me lose patience. &quot;Brown Skin&quot; is beautiful, and I hope the song gets play, its the one standout on this CD.
B0000009SY|4.0|Zappa's melodramatic style, sense of humor, and masterful musicianship combine on this album to create one of the most prescient and scathing political statements ever made. Predating the PMRC and preachers for profit by several years, Zappa weaves a tale of government censorship of music, officially-sanctioned sex robots, and wet t-shirt contests. The guitar work will blow your mind (Watermellon in Easter Hay, On the Bus), and you'll finish this 2 CD set with a healthy contempt for the Tipper Gores and Jerry Falwells of the world.
B00003CXAY|5.0|From the time I first saw it in the movie theater images from this film have not left me.  In addition to the moving, overhead, time-lapse photography, Phillip Glass' score just pounds home the power of the scenes.  I get to travel a lot in the southwest, and when I see that landscape I think of the film.  And this is good.<br />When I hear of a new shuttle launch there is brought back up for me the super-super-slow motion, interrupted view of a rocket launching pad being blown to smithereens by the phenomenal force of a rocket's thrusters in a time frame so slow that I was given a lot of time to wonder &quot;What in the world is being destroyed here!!?&quot;<br />The message is clear I believe, and I do not belive it is just ecological.  The holding of a hand of a human being in a hospital bed is one of the tenderest images I have seen - and the holding could not have been done from one of the cars caught in the jerking, frazzling pack of traffic.  The message intended, I believe, is the english translation of the Hopi title word - Life Out of Balance.  I appreciate very much, however, not being clubbed to death with the message. <br />A wonderful, powerful film.
0684874350|5.0|Angela's ashes is my favorite book and it is simply the best I ever read. It is about two years ago that I finished it and I still remember that I found myself laughing and crying at the same time. Truly, I think that this book deserves a rating of at least 6-7 stars, because 5 aren't enough. Don't miss it - it's worth reading. Once read - you will discover that your life will never be the same as before.
0060278234|4.0|This really is the BEST book, right up there with his best ever book Sabriel. The only probelm is that it is THE BEST prequal to what promises to be the ABSOLUTE ABSOLUTE best book by anyone: Abhorson, the third book in the series.<br />So while this book absolutely ROCKS the next one looks like it will blow the world away!!!!!
B000000W3G|5.0|I am 17 right now and i got this box set when it first hit the selves in 97. There is absolutely no possible way that you can call yourself a pumpkins fan if you do not own this. This set has 5 very different cds. Each one has different moods and tones to them that make it extremely hard to put away for too long. I still listen to the 1979 cd once in a while to relax. Bullet With Butterfly Wings has a feel like it to none other that puts you in a good mood. Zero showcases Iha and his great abilities on the guitar. Tonight Tonight allows you to excape some what to a place that is calm where you can look back on things. And 33 offers slower songs with hard beats that pick up and go right back down. It is unbelievable and I absolutely love this set through and through. YOU HAVE TO OWN THIS!
6305176299|5.0|This is one of my favorite action movies!!!!!  One of the best things about it is the chemistry between them.  It totally keeps you on the edge of your seat!  Dennis Hopper does a great job as a villian.  I think the plot was great and I truly enjoyed it.  I only wish that Keanu had been in Speed 2.
B00000JG41|5.0|Continuing on his wonderfully insane quest through unholiness and unorthodoxy, Mr. Bungle collects and reassembles the many styles of the last 100 years or so into something that the pop industry fears most-a musical maniac. While not as outwardly wild or demented as the previous albums, this one is by far the greatest and most refined. Patton's bizarre lyrics once again hide behind a stylish hodgepodge palette of ecleticism. All the styles (except maybe thrash) from his previous albums are represented here, as well as some new, including fifties-era rock. All tracks are great in their own ways, but my favorites are as follows: &quot;None Of Them Knew They Were Robots&quot;, which is about how what is generic, ignorant, and popular in this world is issude by the higher powers in an effort to turn us all into zombies. The music here reminds me of something from The Mask...very energetic. &quot;Pink Cigarrette&quot; is about getting revenge on a cheating wife by slowly killing himself, and this tender ballad ends with a disturbing yet funny medic beeb. &quot;Retrovertigo&quot; is a mellow track about depressing matters...hard to explain. Well, point being, each song has its own wonders of amazement. A great album...hopefully on his next effort, he will add bluegrass, ragtime, goth, and other exciting things in his collection.
B00005B3Z6|5.0|after discovering this show (us version)almost by mistake, i now cant live without it! after weeks of waiting, i was able to get my hands on the uk version, i am now even more hooked....didnt think that was possible. at first, i didnt like it as much as the us version, but im convinced that if i were to see this one first, i would feel the same about the showtime series. the characters, while not quite as &quot;beautiful&quot; are completely loveable. the story itself is the same for the most part, but things seem to happen very quickly with serious overlapping. because the us version has now been extended for at least one more season, they are able to dig a little deeper in character development, allowing the viewer to &quot;know&quot; more about the &quot;whys&quot;. by the end of this 4 hour dvd, i was refilled with excitement for the show and couldnt wait to get my hands on the second half of this version!
B00005B3Z5|5.0|If you are into the interesting and sexual world of 3 gay men in Manchester, this is definitely the series for you.  Once you watch the first episode, you will not be able to turn off your television until you are finished and ready to watch again.  Trust me!  All I will tell you is that this is my favourite line. &quot;It's breaking up.....we're breaking up!!&quot; When you find this line near the end of the series, it will be your favourite too.  Have fun watching, and drop me a line if you want. Thanks for your time.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot is one of the best metal bands to come around in a LONG time. They are totally original and they have their own sound. They're self titled cd is just......AWESOME!!!I could continue writing....but...i guarantee u that if u like metal then u will like EVERY song on this cd....BUY IT!!!!
0441172717|5.0|Dune demonstrates one of the best blends of both religion, sci-fi, politics, and adventure amidst the backdrop of a brilliant universe, rivalling that of any other.  <br />An entire universe and it's history had the benefit of being largely supported by some amazingly in-depth back story by Frank Herbert.  <br />The political schemes that the different houses come up with could easily make a persons head spin, as well, the legendary lore associated with the mystical/religous history of the different cultures is also a treat.  It's very cool how they associate the Catholic Church through some of the ancient writings.  Very interesting, showing it more as an institution of power that lasts far into the future, even after dropping it's Christian fundamentals.  <br />And that's just an extremely small example of the backstory that Frank Herbert provides us with...the movie is nothing like the book, I might add.
0875845851|4.0|The Innovator's Dilemma shows how well established, successful businesses can fail, even when they do everything right (or at least, everything logical).  Christensen's discussion focusses on the disk drive industry, but includes examples from other industries as well (such as the American steel industry).  The core of his argument is that established companies will choose to invest their resources in &quot;sustaining technologies&quot; that are basically improvements on their existing products.  These companies will often be some of the first to experiment with disruptive technologies, but their customers don't demand these technologies and the company doesn't see a good enough opportunity to invest in them.<br />The book provides a good amount of detail - enough to get you to buy into his argument without becoming difficult to read.<br />Overall, a fascinating topic presented in a quick, easy read.  Highly recommended.
B00000254Q|4.0|I like this CD a lot because of the different styles. Let Me and Tell Me Are You Tired are great funky-R&amp;B-like cuts, and really have that mid 70s classic style. Gitano is totally latino, and sounds just as fresh today. Dance Sister Dance is classic combo of latin-pop-fusion. Let It Shine is almost a gospel-sounding disco tune, and there is even a two-parter instrumental that starts off as an 'Incident at Neshbur' tune, but moves into a Coster-ish latino samba-like thing. Add Europa, a tune which still gets airplay in Paris, and the CD is a great mix.<br />I also think the chicks dig this too, at least from my experience they do.
B000002Q88|4.0|Too bad that so many kansas fans either have never heard this album or have dismissed it right away. There is some really good stuff here. No it's not left overture but who cares, in my opinion it is better musically than &quot;power&quot; and far more artistic. &quot;Power&quot; is just a collection of songs while this has a real concept and most of the songs are a part of that concept. While power provides only a few real unigue artistic moments this album has several. Of course power had a small amount of success because of the song &quot;all i wanted&quot; which was a fair hit and this album turned out to be a floop because none of the songs received any real air play. I'm surprised at this because there are some catchy tunes. &quot;Inside of me&quot; and &quot;one man one heart&quot; seemed to have those possibilities.<br /> I don't know but i found myself listening to this album in the car in cassette form for quite some time and i was surprised so many didn't like it. Most of the songs are quite good and my only complaint is some of the overly metal sounding stuff and david greer has no business singing lead in this band at all. I just don't think he's very good and anything he sings even if it is only one or two songs takes away from hearing steve walsh. And walsh is fantastic! I love ghosts, rainmaker and the bells of st. james. All help tell the story with style and passion about a tiny kansas town that was destroyed by a twister in the 1950s.<br />.....................sockscats
6301025083|3.0|I was just getting into Foreign movies when I first saw this film. But, I never saw a Fellini movie before this one. I've heard people say this is Fellini's masterpiece. I've even been told by some, that this is one of the greatest films ever made! I don't think this is Fellini's masterpiece, to me that title belongs to &quot;Nights Of Cabiria&quot;. And as for stating that this is one of the greatest movies ever filmmed, it just may as well be. Marcello Mastroianni stars as what we suspect to be a thin disguise of Fellini himself. He just can't seem to think of an ending for his new movie. After having dreams about flying over cars, due to his feeling &quot;closed in&quot; he is taken to a hospital where he can get some rest. Later he meets his wife at a train station. But, none of this is really important, I feel to the story. These aren't really the moment we remember about this film. It's those moments where Mastroianni's mind drifts. The scene where he meets his parents at the deserted area, or him thinking back to when he was a child, and meet a whore. It was these scene we become so taken with. Some might have a hard time getting everything in their very first viewing, and therefor my not like the film. I myself had to watch it twice. Truly a landmark film by Fellini, which won him (I believe) his first Oscar. If you enjoy this movie, I suggest &quot;La Stada&quot;, &quot;The White Shiek&quot;, &quot;Nights Of Cabiria&quot;, and &quot;La Dolce Vita&quot;. All are considered to be classic by my taste.
630419949X|5.0|ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER explodes to the TV screen as U.S. MARSHALL JOHN KRUGER of the WITNESS PROTECTION PROGRAM, assigned to protect LEE CULLEN (Vanessa Williams), a woman who is willing to testify against illegal weapon dealers.  But, something goes wrong.  A fellow Marshall and friend of JOHN's is working for the wrong team and trying to cover up the deadly plot to take out KRUGER's witness.  Now, everyone at WITSEC is trying to kill KRUGER and CULLEN believing that they are the real enemies.  Will ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER be able to prove his innosense and save the day in an explosive action thriller?!!!<br />Directed By: Charles Russell (The Mask, Bless the Child) and starring ARNOLD SCHWARZENEGGER (End of Days, 6th Day, Predator), JAMES CAAN (Mickey Blue Eyes), VANESSA WILLIAMS, and DANNY NUCCI (Crimson Tide, The Rock, Titanic)- ERASER is an action rush of sheer explosive adventure!<br />MOVIE NOTE: This movie might as well be TRUE LIES 2.  ARNOLD is back, he's a U.S. MARSHALL SPY-Like hero, He has big guns, he's protecting a woman against a vengeful nemisis, he has great one-liners, he battles terrorists, crocodiles, jumping out of a speeding plane- trying to catch his parachute, shooting huge EMP guns, breaking into a high security weapons building, and blowing up a house by making a trap that will light a fuse in the house!  That is TRUE LIES 2 to me!  Anyway, we'll have to see what TRUE LIES 2 has in store for us when it comes to theaters sometime within the next 5 years...<br />MY REVIEW: This movie ROCKS!  The special effects are great, the stunts and action sequences rule, the story, acting and directing are spectacular, and the humor is good too!  THIS MAY NOT BE ARNOLD's BEST FILM EVER, BUT IT SURE MAKES HIS TOP 10 LIST!!!  <br />Rent this movie or buy this movie today action fans!<br />ERASER is rated &quot;R&quot; for STRONG LANGUAGE and STRONG ACTION VIOLENCE THROUGHOUT.  1 hr 55 min.
B00004X0Q0|4.0|Even though I was never a punk, and pretty much loathe music with really fast drums, screaming singers, and guitars with the treble knob turned to ten, At the Drive-In is one of the most intelligent choices I've made. I like a lot of kinds of music, I can go as soft as Coldplay and as hard as System of a Down, as organic as Radiohead (In the Bends, not Kid A) and as electric as Plug, as slow as Pearl Jam and as fast as Incubus. I always preferred music with bass, and distortion up full blast, and I never really liked the treble genre in general. I prefer more of the kind of music where the singer sometimes sings, doesn't give off a monotone. I prefer the funky and dominating drums, never really liked fast, uncontrolled, and unnecessary symbol crashing and such. From all of this, At The Drive-In would be the worst CD that I could possibly buy for myself. It has been the biggest surprise to me. I didn't like it the first time around, but I didn't give up. This CD is like Incubus's S.C.I.E.N.C.E.. At first you find it trite and stupid. Then you listen to the one song that you thought had a good beat (probably Acr Arsenal or One Armed Scissor), and try to find other songs like it. You get some of them in your head, then you can't take it out of your discman. I reccommend a check out on Napster first. Download Pattern Against User, see how much you like it.
B00004XOWM|1.0|How many times can you smash the same E-chord on a detuned guitar and expect to get away with it?  Oh yeah, stupid me, you buy a different friggin stompbox/effects rack to make it sound different AND you scream the same cuss words in different order.  Now that's original!!  <br />Peace..
B00004XONN|5.0|Let me get something down here. If you truly appreciate music, in all of it's forms, truly understand the value and price of new, experimental, and all around different music, you must get this CD. It is unlike anything I have ever heard before. When I opened the birthday present, I saw the freaky and strange pictures littered all over the booklet. I immediately jumped to the conclusion that Radiohead was just trying to look all artsy fartsy. I gave the CD a test spin, and was not impressed. It was silly, strange and didn't flow together at all, or so I thought. Fortunately, I the pleasure of recieving this CD before a road trip. All my other CD's were getting boring, so I gave Radiohead another try. I can't say I was immediately blown away, but quickly began to realize that this wasn't an ordinary CD. I absolutely adore this CD in all of it's glory, and definitely reccommend it to the music lovers out there. But if you're teeny boppin, hip hoppin, death rockin, person, or maybe even just one, you might want to stick clear, cause this might be too complicated for your primitive brain. By the Way, Music isn't tangible like your clothes, it is an art form, and it's not made to be peddled to the masses like it's become. Step back and realize that.
B000056NX5|3.0|Think: fusion Rent and JC Superstar, with bits of Cabaret and Les Mis thrown in. This updated version is edgy, techinical, and has moments of wonder. However, the overacting of several cast members and claustrophobic sets shadow this compelling musical and detract from the brilliance of the musical.<br />As a fan of the original movie, I'll stick with that.
B000056VIY|4.0|As a devoted J-Lo fan I did buy this album, but as many other reviewers have noted, it is nothing like her first, the more pop-sounding \\"On the 6\\". I loved the first song released-\\"Love Don't Cost a Thing\\" and assumed the album would follow suit. It did not. I, however was really not that dissapointed.  In fact the album, in a small way reminded me of Selina's music (Remember \\"Selina\\", the movie Jennifer starred in?) I think she is exploring. I don't think every album she releases will be the same. I mean did Madonna EVER repeat herself, No way! Give this album a try. It has lots of top-of-the-charts hits..and many Spanish-influenced sounds. I think it should be seen as eclectic....not a permanent change. If you are a fan, you'll love her no matter what her taste-of-the-month is anyway....it's still all about J-LO!  By the way some of you are going to think I'm silly but I have the version with a bonus track.  I kept listening to the CD over and over, trying to figure out where the hidden track was! Well my friend opened up the case and UNDER the first CD there is a SECOND!  I thought it was literally a picture, not a real CD. That is the bonus track...yep it's got it's own CD. I hope I'm not the only one who had this problem! :)
B000056NX4|5.0|I have been a fan of Superstar since its inception in 1972. As one old hippie watching a bunch of other hippies of their time, I stongly related to the message and the themes. This latest version is terrific. I watched transfixed, crying and singing throughout the movie. Judas is wonderful. Such a great meanie to hate and love. A wonderful production. I hightly recommend it.
B00005AAFS|5.0|For you english speakers that means Rammstein is the best!!<br />Rammstein's new CD &quot;Mutter&quot; (Mother) is outstanding.  I'm a German-American but I have many friend who love Rammstein too.  The songs &quot;Mein Herz brennt&quot; (My heart burns), &quot;Sonne&quot; (Sun), &quot;mutter&quot; (Mother), and &quot;feuer frei (Fire)&quot; are great songs.  Listen to the preview sounds, i'm sure that you'll wanna buy the CD after that!! There great for a German band.<br />Buy this CD!!
B00004YKUY|5.0|I have been a Journey fan for over 20 years, and I can honestly say that this is one of the best albums the band has ever recorded. Don't let Steve Perry's absence scare you away - Steve Augeri is an amazing vocalist in his own right. Plus, Neal's guitar work is as stellar as ever and the songs are just downright amazing! If you were a bit disappointed with the band's 1996 release Trial By Fire, rest assured that this album is a million times better! Do yourself a favor and get this album!
B000056NX4|3.0|This production is inferior to the 1973 movie in almost every way.  Glenn Carter's portrayal of Jesus is listless...the one exception being the 39 Lashes scene....where no singing is required. Jerome Pradon, while fairly capable, lacks the extra oomph required to do justice to his character.  Pilate (Fred Johanson) deserves jail time for his criminal overacting.  Mary does a good job with her part, as does Simon Zealotes as Peter.  Finally, let me say that I found myself drifting off to sleep a couple of times....that never happens during the 1973 version!
1558908498|5.0|Scream 2, I'd have to say, is about as good as the original.  They've come up with some interesting new ways for the characters to be killed, which makes it more fun, and some new jokes, for more laughs.  But what's missing this time is the suspense.  Another disappointment was the ending (climax), which is actually more [unintentionally] funny than scary.  Despite these few flaws, Scream 2 is still cool and so is the DVD!
B00000IAU3|4.0|I LOVE this album. It is sweet, effortless and calming. The first two tracks are my favorite, and yes I do love the ever-popular and overplayed \\"Thank You\\".  I first discovered DIDO when I heard the song \\"Thank You \\" sampled in EMINEM's song \\"Stan\\".  The album is worth every penny. Her voice reminds me of a cross between Sarah Mclaughlin and Jewel. (Did I spell that right?) the reason I gave this album only four stars is simply because the first few times you listen to it..alot of the songs sound the same.  However, the more you listen to it, the more each song develops it's own identity.  I love belting out Jewel song's in the car until I drive my friends mad when I can't hit the high notes.  It is, to their relief that DIDO has a smooth, easy to sing-to voice....everybody's happy now!
B00003CXMG|5.0|If you are a fan of 1970s rock n' roll then this is the movie for you.Cameron Crow's autobiographical film is both an homage and love letter to a bygone era.We follow William Miller (Cameron Crowe's alter ego)as he discovers both the backstage world of rock n' roll and a little about himself.He travels with the fictional band Stillwater (purportedly based on real life bands the Allmand Bros., the Eagles and Led Zepplin)to get his first big story for Rolling Stone Magazine.During these travels William must deal with his strong-willed mother, a groupie (though she denies this)named Penny Lane and various band musicians with massive egos.In the hands of a lesser director this story could have become a crass farce. Instead Crowe brings us a moving story about growing up.Special note she be made of the Oscar nominated performance by Kate Hudson.She has a very special presence in this film.Also,this film has a brilliant soundtract which features such '70s icons as Elton John, Cat Stevens,Lynyrd Skynyrd,Rod Stewart,and Led Zepplin.The extras on this DVD include a very interesting documentry on the making of the film.What is missed is a commentary track by Crowe,himself, which I think many of the film's fans were waiting for.If you are a connoiseur of rock n' roll from the '70s then buy this DVD!
B00003CXRP|5.0|One of the best movies ever made in my opinion.  The storyline, the interactions, and the little things make this movie what it is.  I mean come on he talks to a ball
B000000W5L|5.0|Not only is this the best Stones album, it is one of the best albums EVER recorded, by any artist, at any time. After the psychedelic 60's and the death of guitarist Brian Jones, the band with newly recruited (ex-John Mayall's Blues Breakers) lead guitarist Mick Taylor entered the 70's with a swaggering reckless abandon that bands ever since have tried unsuccessfully to copy.  On this LP they go WAY back to their roots (blues, gospel, R&B, country, early rock n roll) and actually make you think that this is the way music WAS. The truth is, it wasn't, and the Stones bring alot to the party in terms of amazing songwriting.  The singles are the gospel influenced \\"Tumbling Dice\\" and the Keith Richards sung \\"Happy\\", both of which are timeless classics. But this originally double record gets much better. The adrenaline pumping \\"Rip This Joint\\" is the definition of juke joint wildness, the raucus \\"Sweet Virginia\\" the most rockin' & memorable song that you'll NEVER hear on the radio (what a chorus!). The powerful \\"Loving Cup\\" is perhaps the most passionate song they've written, perhaps beaten only by the gorgeous \\"Shine A Light\\" or \\"Let it Loose\\" (with Mac Rebennack, a.k.a. Dr. John supplying keyboards).  If nothing else, the Stones take endlessly varying types of blues & roots music and write great songs around them (\\"I Just Wanna See His Face\\", \\"Casino Boogie\\", \\"Stop Breaking Down\\", \\"Black Angel\\"). And the results are stunning, and leave you feeling like this was the greatest party that you never went to (\\"All Down The Line\\").  There is just so much music here that it may take a few listens to get it. And this is an ALBUM. It works best as a whole.  Like a heroin, cocaine & booze fueled train that goes careening uncontrolably down the tracks, this is the album that forever dispelled the notion that the Stones were nothing more than a rip-off of the Beatles.
6305903182|4.0|Now we have Scream 3, YES!!  Though it's still not as good as the original, they've added some suspense this time!  It's probably because almost every scene is darker, and the climax is in a mansion.  Humor doesn't play a big part this time, but that's OK, because were more interested in finding out more about Sidney's unknown life, or at least, her mother's.  Overall, this installment was more fun and suspenseful, so I recommend the DVD.
B000002NHN|5.0|I first bought this CD when I saw the movie &quot;A Cinderella Story&quot; starring Drew Barrymore.  The theme song to the movie was McKennitt's &quot;A Mummer's Dance&quot;.  I found the song so intoxicating I ran out to buy the CD and see if the other songs could stand up to the enticing &quot;Mummer's Dance&quot;...They do, and them some!  Even the first one, that I consider an &quot;intro&quot;, took my mind to different places.  It filled me with thoughts and dreams of princesses and castles and Scottish moors. I listen to this CD when I nap, sleep, bathe, and when I drive in the rain.  This is one of my favorite relaxation CD's.  I have heard others... mood musics, nature sounds..but there is just something about Loreena McKennit's voice that haunts me...in a very good way.  No other CD compares, except for maybe her following release.
B000005PW0|5.0|THIS ONE OF THE FUNNIEST MOVIES OF ALL TIME! MY KIDS AND ME WATCH IT ALL THE TIME. II'S A TRUE CLASSICE. I STILL WONDER WHY A GREAT FILM LIKE THIS WAS PASTED UP FOR AN OSCAR. DON'T MISS THE FUN AND ENTERTAINING FILM.
014028009X|4.0|I laughed quite a lot reading this book, and I think you will too.  The characters were extremely vivid, although I personally thought the whole thing with Bridget's mum was farfetched and didn't _really_ need to be in there at all.  (Plus I thought the whole mooning over Mark Darcy to be a bit all-of-a-sudden for me.)<br />I don't want you to think I don't like this book -- I really do!  A nice little bonus for me was that the diary records Bridget's goings-on in 1995, when I spent fall semester studying abroad in London and would watch &quot;Blind Date&quot; and &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot; whenever they were on, like Bridget.  (Developed a huge crush on Colin Firth, thus I am panting to see the movie.)  Very amusing, but hardly why I like the book, which is so very witty and charming and clever and silly and scary and sad, all at the same time.  Believe me, you won't be sorry you read it.
B000003TA4|5.0|Nirvana may not have been the first alternative rock band ever. In fact, Nevermind, their biggest album, may not be the best alternative rock album ever (Ten by Pearl Jam and Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness by Smashing Pumpkins give it some tough competition). But one thing can't be denied: Nevermind was the album that made it all possible. Anyone who enjoys the music that sprang from alt-rock's &quot;golden age&quot; (1991-about 1996) owes something to this album. Even listening to it today is an experience. Its music bombards your ears with an assault of punk energy, tempered by just enough pop sensibility to make it extremely enjoyable and tremendously good at the same time. &quot;Smells Like Teen Spirit&quot; can rightfully be regarded as the first real grunge rock hit, and it is the album's most popular song. &quot;In Bloom&quot; is probably the best track on Nevermind, thundering out of the speakers with truck loads of hard, melodic force. &quot;Lithium&quot; and &quot;Come As You Are&quot; are also two very good and very big hits from the album. &quot;Breed&quot;, though it didn't become a megahit, is probably the second best song on the album, thrashing forth with superspeed punk velocity (it's one of those songs you just can't get out of your head). Overall, this album was truly groundbreaking, and deserves a 5 just for its originality and influence. But it is also incredibly enjoyable, and it sounds just as monumental today as it did ten years ago.
630521610X|5.0|Now, I've seen all the Halloween and Nightmare on Elm Street movies.  All I have to say is, BORING!  Same thing over and over!  But with Scream, everything is changed.  Scream isn't just a horror movie, it's also a spoof of the old slashers, like Halloween.  Some parts are pretty intense, others funny (especially how goofy Dewey acts, or at the party).  This time it's also fun to watch Neve Campbell [and some of] Drew Barrymore get chased around by the killer.  This is a great DVD with great features.  Scream is the best of it's kind.
B00000IPAX|4.0|Although most fans will say that Blink-182 really sold out with this album (and I won't really argue with them), Enema of the State is truly one of the most catchy recordings of the past decade.  It's so popular because each song has the potential to make the 14-22 crowd identify with it.  Surprisingly, only one of the three best tracks (Dysentery Gary, Anthem, Adam's Song) gets any radio play.  Definitely an album worth buying -- there isn't any filler material here.
0517122707|5.0|I have a friend who calls this book the litmus test. If someone &quot;gets it,&quot; you know they &quot;get it&quot; about life. I can't even tell you how many years ago I read this book, and to this day, if I'm in even the slightest of questionable moods, I can pick it up, fan to any page, and instantly be transported into paroxysms of laughter at the wonderful insanity of this character's insistance on his view of the world, and his unwitting (?) subversion of same. I wonder if it isn't the true test of great literature that it must separate us as 'Confederacy' does. My advice? Try it. If you love it, you are one of us &quot;gifted' (read insane) on this journey. If not, perhaps you have been spared by the more sane of the gods. Either way, enjoy, and may Fortuna be with you!<br />LM
B000056NX4|5.0|I watched the PBS special of this movie and was so moved by both the songs and performances!  Glenn Carter pulls off the title role amazingly well, and Renee Castle is a fantastic Mary Magdalene.  Jerome Pradon is pretty sad in the singing department (I saw him in Whistle Down the Wind and felt the same) but a phenomenal actor who brings a depth and humanity to Judas.  However, the ABSOLUTE BEST cast performance comes from TONY VINCENT as Simon Zealotes!  He was Judas in the Broadway revival, and really should have gotten a larger part in this, but has plenty of camera time.  (The cameramen must have realized he is the best looking guy in the show!)  Fred Johaneson is a great Pilate- I just wish I could have seen him as Frollo in Notre Dame de Paris in London instead of Daniel Lavoie!  Definitely a worthwhile film!!
0767817478|5.0|Besides the 2 or 3 lulls (especially one BIG one after the rousing start) Godzilla 1998 is an underrated classic. The obvious draw is the top of the heap special effects. I was out of breath during several long scenes that are pumped up versions of several Jurassic Park moments (reminded of the T-rex chase and raptors in the kitchen). There's enough here to justify better ratings than people are giving it. On DVD it's unbelievable. The production values are top drawer in visuals and sound. Believe the double 5 for picture and sound. Spectacular!<br />There is a worm in this apple however. Many people were put off by the ludicrist dialog in some scenes (mostly involving the tv news people). I think scrapping these scenes in favor of something more suspenseful would have been advantageous. They needed to establish several key characters and have them killed to create more tension. Those French guys are like Star Trek &quot;red shirts&quot;. They unfortuanately can't run or get out of the way as fast as a dingy New York Blond and her nerdy worm-lovin boyfriend!<br />Godzilla has its share of genuine laughs too. All of the scenes with the French Foreign Legion were right on target. I loved the poke at the American military who couldn't hit the broad side of a Godzilla. They were best, and funny, busting up the buildings while the big lizard bobbed and weaved like Evander Holyfield. Hilarious!<br />The ending was a good idea-bittersweet. However, they could've went for something more like Jaws (complete with a catch phrase: &quot;This one's for Tokyo!!&quot;).<br />It's ironic that in a time of ultra-realistic special effects that a movie like this can feel at home with its ancestors. Some of us get it and some don't. For the good parts sit back and enjoy...for the not so good have your Mystery Science Theater 3000 buddies over for some laughs.
0780631684|4.0|Final Destination was mainly aimed for the teen audience.  Some people may think it's a psychological thriller at one time, and a slasher thriller at another.  Besides the theme mixup, Final Destination was still enjoyable, at least more enjoyable than other horror flicks.  The plot involves a teen who visions a plane crashing - and it actually crashes.  Those who were removed from the plane, including him (Alex), were left frightened and confused.  The rest of the story involes how they &quot;cheated death&quot; by getting off the plane and not dying there where they were supposed to, and then being picked off by some supernatural source to make sure they die like they were supposed to.  So, Alex finds out &quot;who's next&quot; and it's a race against evil for survival.  There are the usual humorous one-liners, and the usual romantic sub-plot, but otherwise, this horror flick does involve suspense, entertainment, and fun.  A great DVD.
B000021Y7X|5.0|When I saw the Heads play in 1983, David Byrne came out during the second act in the big white suit, the one three times as large as the white suit he wore in the first act and which wiggled about his body like a flippy floppy clothing of Selfhood. I had never seen it before, nor had I heard about it. It was a shock and it was one of the funniest moments of my life. I was pleased a year later to see this concert film documenting a great tour, a great band, a great collection of tunes and the Big White Suit which Byrne would forever on be identified with.  Of course, the joke grew dim over the years and the Big White Suit became another icon of rock history, like the Beatles Sgt. Pepper costumes or Madonna's underwear. The original soundtrack release to Stop Making Sense was short, about forty minutes, and only had eight songs on it. To hear the other tunes, you had to go back to the movie, but it was now out of the theaters and the video release was extremely hard to come by. In fifteen years I only found two video stores that stocked it, so I wound up only seeing the film twice in fifteen years. The re-release of the movie last year was a shock and a revelation and I immediately bought the DVD. I subsequently watched it ten times in one month.<br />How did I do it? It was easy. The film is the greatest concert film ever made, not just in the quality of the music and the performances, but the sheer technical bravado of the filmmaking. Here is Johnathan Demme six years before Silence of the Lambs, already a master filmmaker with an eye for fluid motion that manages to impose a sense of narrative over a collection of disconnected songs.<br />The narrative is the evolution of the band and the gradual shifting of the songs from one mood to another, from one costume change to another. The music is great, the lyrics are astonishing, the performances are the Heads at the peak of their greatness. Sadly, this would be their final masterpiece. Nothing they did after this, with the exception of a few songs on Naked, came close to what they had accomplished as a band at their greatest.<br />One of the gems of this movie is &quot;What A Day That Was,&quot; my favorite David Byrne song, originally from The Catherine Wheel solo album, but here reorchestrated in a way that brings to the fore certain driving rhythms of the original tune. It is tense, paranoid, savagely prophetic, mystical and full of Byrne's characteristic discordant poetry.<br />Buy this DVD. Watch it ten times in one month. This was a great band.th the exception of a few songs on Naked, came close to what they had accomplished as a band at their greatest.<br />One of the gems of this movie is &quot;What A Day That Was,&quot; my favorite David Byrne song, originally from The Catherine Wheel solo album, but here reorchestrated in a way that brings to the fore certain driving rhythms of the original tune. It is tense, paranoid, savagely prophetic, mystical and full of Byrne's characteristic discordant poetry. <br />Buy this DVD. Watch it ten times in one month. This was a great band.
B00005AWMF|5.0|Superb collection of Sade hits.  I can't stop listening to it!
6305363668|4.0|I think Blade Runner is one of the all-time great science-fiction movies of all time!  I especially like Darryl Hannah as an Android.
B00002ZMNV|5.0|I am a fan of Metallica, and I was dissapointed with Load and Reload. Then this comes out, awesome DVD. Not only is there time to see fans head bang, an orchestra! This IS very unique. Most heavy metal bands don't really use it much. However, Cypress Hill did it a little on (Rock) Superstar. And it's still possible to end the stereotype. Because this is a masterpiece. Even though it may just be seen live. Hetfield and Co. are seen with the amazing live crowd (in fact, it takes awhile to notice that some people there were even there). Anyways, just buy the DVD. It's got more than the album, and if you're a visual, this will just instantly (click!) get your attention. Even if S&amp;M sucked on the album. But that's not what I think. I'm so happy to be seing that there's three new tracks. No Leaf Clover is one of 'em. It's never gotten old one day in my life. Which to me is amazing. Because of so much play on rock radio. However, it would be even better if they could make videos that weren't live on some of it.<br />If you;re a hard core fan I suggest you watch it and sometimes you'll feel like you were actually there when it happened. Enjoy.
B00000K3G8|4.0|When I saw the Heads play in 1983, David Byrne came out during the second act in the big white suit, the one three times as large as the white suit he wore in the first act and which wiggled about his body like a flippy floppy clothing of Selfhood.  I had never seen it before, nor had I heard about it.  It was a shock and it was one of the funniest moments of my life.  I was pleased a year later to see this concert film documenting a great tour, a great band, a great collection of tunes and the Big White Suit which Byrne would forever on be identified with.<br />Of course, the joke grew dim over the years and the Big White Suit became another icon of rock history, like the Beatles Sgt. Pepper costumes or Madonna's underwear.  The original soundtrack release to Stop Making Sense was short, about forty minutes, and only had eight songs on it.  To hear the other tunes, you had to go back to the movie, but it was now out of the theaters and the video release was extremely hard to come by.  In fifteen years I only found two video stores that stocked it, so I wound up only seeing the film twice in fifteen years.  The re-release of the movie last year was a shock and a revelation and I immediately bought the DVD.  I subsequently watched it ten times in one month.<br />How did I do it?  It was easy.  The film is the greatest concert film ever made, not just in the quality of the music and the performances, but the sheer technical bravado of the filmmaking.  Here is Johnathan Demme six years before Silence of the Lambs, already a master filmmaker with an eye for fluid motion that manages to impose a sense of narrative over a collection of disconnected songs.<br />The narrative is the evolution of the band and the gradual shifting of the songs from one mood to another, from one costume change to another.  But here, on this CD of music from the film, greatly expanded from the original forty minute release, that effect is sadly lost due to the limitations of the medium.  However, the music is great, the lyrics are astonishing, the performances are the Heads at the peak of their greatness.  Sadly, this would be their final masterpiece. Nothing they did after this, with the exception of a few songs on Naked, came close to what they had accomplished as a band at their greatest.<br />One of the gems of this album is &quot;What A Day That Was,&quot; my favorite David Byrne song, originally from The Catherine Wheel solo album, but here reorchestrated in a way that brings to the fore certain driving rhythms of the original tune.  It is tense, paranoid, savagely prophetic, mystical and full of Byrne's characteristic discordant poetry.<br />Buy this album, listen to it.  Watch the DVD ten times in one month.  This was a great band.owever, the music is great, the lyrics are astonishing, the performances are the Heads at the peak of their greatness.  Sadly, this would be their final masterpiece. Nothing they did after this, with the exception of a few songs on Naked, came close to what they had accomplished as a band at their greatest.<br />One of the gems of this album is &quot;What A Day That Was,&quot; my favorite David Byrne song, originally from The Catherine Wheel solo album, but here reorchestrated in a way that brings to the fore certain driving rhythms of the original tune.  It is tense, paranoid, savagely prophetic, mystical and full of Byrne's characteristic discordant poetry.  <br />Buy this album, listen to it.  Watch the DVD ten times in one month.  This was a great band.
0780631684|1.0|If you look really, really close at the credits youll see &quot;Screenplay by: Xerox machine&quot;. It really is just a copy of other movies, and the movie copies itself too. I was actually on the verge of throwing food at the screen. Some people did like the movie (Noone that i know) and your opinion is your opinion, but i cant see how its worth it to get on dvd. To quote me friend &quot;The ending made me feel like i was going to have an aneurism&quot;, however you'll judge for yourself, but not buy getting the dvd.<br />My apologies to those who like the movie... ...and to the screenwriter
6303481272|5.0|Ninja Scroll has everything that is expected from a historical style anime. It has demons, a reluctant hero, the damsel who will inevitiably end up in distress, the goading older man who pushes our hero. The story is short simple and very much to the point. I enjoy watching this film every opportunity I get. And so far as I can tell, this was the first anime in recent years (ie last 10 or so) to really start touching on the Legend of Jubei in Japanese history.
079284632X|2.0|So this movie was awkward and creepy, but it was also rather  dumb.  Wes Craven did a good job giving an unusual &quot;scary&quot; feel to it, but the movie itself was rather &quot;idiotically-cheesy&quot;!   The content was rather off for the 70's (when it came out), and viewing the movie can make you rather nautious.  It really wasn't that bad, but I'm kind of wishing I wouldn't have spent the money for it.
B000002KNY|5.0|This album was recorded by the Talking Heads in Long Island City, NY in 1979 which led me to wonder how Brian Eno got to Queens -- did he take the 7 train to Queens Borough Plaza and then walk over?  After all, the 7 train does appear in at least one Talking Heads video.  Regardless, this album has a real live feel to it, like it was recorded in someone's living room and mixed to reproduce the live experience of a bass, guitar, drum and keyboard ensemble.  It is the Heads at their most trimmed down production and in tone, texture, production values and subject matter, it reminds me of Unknown Pleasures by Joy Division which was also recorded that year.  I know the Heads must have had an awareness of Joy Division since their song &quot;The Overload&quot; on Remain In Light (1980) is frighteningly close to JD's &quot;I Remember Nothing.&quot;  Besides, everyone on earth knew who Joy Division was by 1980.<br />At first blush, this album is weird, quirky, mysterious and fragmented.  But closer examination reveals a pretty huge sense of humor.  The title alone, Fear of Music, is hilarious and is a key to the sensibilities that run throughout the songs. David Byrne paints one portrait after another of phobia, fear of electric guiars, fear of animals, fear of air, fear of Heaven, fear of cities, fear of wartime, fear of paper.  Fear of paper?<br />Fear of music is a very city oriented album.  It is not an album of art rock by art school students like their first two albums.  It is a garage band that has spaced out on too much surrealism, late-night television, science fiction movies and Dadaist poetry.  They even use a Dadaist poem by Hugo Ball as the lyrics for &quot;I Zimbra&quot; which is written in pseudo-African words and chanted to hypnotic effect by the Heads to a point where you almost feel emotion coming from the meaningless words.  &quot;Mind&quot; and &quot;Paper&quot; are simple themed songs evoking what is probably a metaphor for Self: &quot;Hold the paper/Up to the Light/Some rays they pass right through!&quot;<br />The two great classics of the album come back to back: &quot;Life During Wartime&quot; and &quot;Cities.&quot;  They are epic pre-Remain In Light songs that speak of fear and trembling more potently than any other Heads song either before or after.  &quot;Find a city/Find myself a city to live in&quot; is evocative of the Mad Max nomad who doesn't fit in anywhere and probably doesn't even have a name. &quot;Life During Wartime&quot; was covered many times with a slightly different sound and in the great concert movie &quot;Stop Making Sense&quot; it even provides a backdrop to a mid-concert aeorbics dance session, but here it is pure and uncut, no doubt recorded moments after Byrne taught the tune to the band, and it shines as a dark, disaffected piece of science fiction poetry. &quot;Burned all my notebooks/What good are notebooks/They won't help me survive/My chest is aching/burns like a furnace/The burning keeps me alive!&quot;<br />&quot;Memories Can't Wait&quot; is a psychedelic masterpiece.  &quot;Air&quot; makes breathing itself seem fearful.  &quot;Animals&quot; is disturbing and may be a top of the hat to Pink Floyd that had released their &quot;Animals&quot; album the year before.  &quot;Heaven&quot; is a beautiful tune but it even makes Heaven seem sinister.  &quot;Drugs&quot; which ends the album is scary to listen to.  Byrne jogged around the city block several times before recording his vocals, and you can hear the edge in his voice and the lack of breath as he struggles to get the words out.  You can only hope he's acting.<br />The album made Rolling Stones Top 100 Albums of the last 20 years issue and deserves it.  It is a dark testament to a bunch of paranoid musicians huddled in a Queens loft right before they became really, really famous.  It is an album that should be studied by historians.p to the Light/Some rays they pass right through!&quot;<br />The two great classics of the album come back to back: &quot;Life During Wartime&quot; and &quot;Cities.&quot;  They are epic pre-Remain In Light songs that speak of fear and trembling more potently than any other Heads song either before or after.  &quot;Find a city/Find myself a city to live in&quot; is evocative of the Mad Max nomad who doesn't fit in anywhere and probably doesn't even have a name. &quot;Life During Wartime&quot; was covered many times with a slightly different sound and in the great concert movie &quot;Stop Making Sense&quot; it even provides a backdrop to a mid-concert aeorbics dance session, but here it is pure and uncut, no doubt recorded moments after Byrne taught the tune to the band, and it shines as a dark, disaffected piece of science fiction poetry. &quot;Burned all my notebooks/What good are notebooks/They won't help me survive/My chest is aching/burns like a furnace/The burning keeps me alive!&quot;  <br />&quot;Memories Can't Wait&quot; is a psychedelic masterpiece.  &quot;Air&quot; makes breathing itself seem fearful.  &quot;Animals&quot; is disturbing and may be a top of the hat to Pink Floyd that had released their &quot;Animals&quot; album the year before.  &quot;Heaven&quot; is a beautiful tune but it even makes Heaven seem sinister.  &quot;Drugs&quot; which ends the album is scary to listen to.  Byrne jogged around the city block several times before recording his vocals, and you can hear the edge in his voice and the lack of breath as he struggles to get the words out.  You can only hope he's acting.<br />The album made Rolling Stones Top 100 Albums of the last 20 years issue and deserves it.  It is a dark testament to a bunch of paranoid musicians huddled in a Queens loft right before they became really, really famous.  It is an album that should be studied by historians.
B00004U2HK|5.0|The sound of music is the best movie I've ever read in my life!  It is my favorite movie and I always watch it.  A woman named Maria wants to become a Nun, but is then told that god will's her to go to a house with seven children.  maria isn't so sure she wants to, but does it.  Then great things start happening.  Watch this movie, and find out what happens.  Go do it!!!
B000058983|5.0|To the reviewer from Chicago: Forever Changes is NOT a Love greatest hits album -- though as one of the most cohesive masterpieces of the rock era, it is better than any greatest hits compilation could ever be.<br />&quot;My Little Red Book&quot; was on Love's debut album.  &quot;7 and 7 Is&quot; was from their second album, Da Capo.  Thus, it is certainly &quot;forgiveable&quot; that these songs were not included on Love's third and best album, Forever Changes.<br />Both earlier songs, though, can be found on those albums and on greatest hits compilations, if that is what one is looking for.<br />But what is a Love collection without Forever Changes?  Answer:  It is not a Love collection.
B00004XOWM|3.0|Bizkit has gone from being the best band (in the three dollar bill ya'll days) to a band that I like to listen to, but not my favorite.  This Cd is better than their second one and worth having. I would buy it if you liked their first one cause the style is similar. They do swear a lot and all that stuff. They have sold out a lot too. Those are the reason a lot of pewople are against them. But they aren't as bad as eminem in the first fault, or the boy bands on the second.  I do you suggest you buy this if you ever had any respect for them, because this cd got better than the second
B00004TL2N|5.0|I first heard Bruckner's 8th in a live Furtwangler recording.  I was particularly drawn to the scherzo which had an unbelievable diabolic taut energy.  All of Furtwangler's performances from the 40's are great, but the sound isn't very good, and I have been looking for a more modern recording with similar energy.  Everybody raves about Karajan's digital recording but it left me cold -- boring!  Boulez turns in the most satisfying version of this symphony I've heard in modern sound.  Not quite as much energy as Furtwangler, but very very beautiful and keeps moving on waves of glorious sound.
630280082X|1.0|I have a copy of both Crossroads and Eddie Lives - Eddie and the Cruiser's II.  Two great movies with no redeeming value except that they make you feel good.  In both movies the music rules; but both are feel good also.  If you get hung up on the actors you are missing the point.<br />Music rules and both the sound and quest for sound is what it is about.  Both these movies should be released on DVD.  Ry Cooder/John Caffery are both under-appreciated artists.
B000056NX5|5.0|I cam into Jesus Christ Superstar a cynic. I saw clips of the show on TV and thought to myself, &quot;Oh my! What screeching! I wouldn't watch this show for fear of brain hemmorhaging!&quot; Oh my! How wrong I was! My boyfriend bought the DVD and I sulked on the couch. He inserted the disk and from the first chords I was hooked! Never have I been so mesmorized by a movie! The set is faboo! I'm thinking about writing &quot;liberte'&quot; on my bedroom wall now!... kidding. The acting is also quite delightful. Jerome Pradon's Judas was by far my favorite character! What dimension! Lordy Lordy! Anyway, get this DVD! You will be far from disappointed!
B00005AFVR|5.0|WHEN I FIRST HEARD THIS CD, I THOUGHT IT WAS GOOD. HIGHLIGHTS FOR ME: PROVE IT ALL NIGHT, MURDER INC, OUT IN THE STREET, BORN TO RUN AND MOST DEFINITELY (41 SHOTS) AMERICAN SKIN. OF THE SONGS NOT INCLIDED ON THE HBO SPECIAL-LOST IN THE FLOOD, JUNGLELAND AND DON'T LOOK BACK. I PURCHASED THIS CD PRIOR TO THE SPECIAL. I HAVE ALREADY SEEN BRUCE 12X INCLUDING 2 SHOWS FROM THIS TOUR. AND WHILE THE SOUND OF THE CD IS TREMENDOUS, FOR SOME REASON I WAS JUST A LITTLE DISAPOINTED BECAUSE I STILL DIDN'T FEEL THAT IT CAPTURED THE EXCITEMENT OF BEING AT A BRUCE SHOW. HOWEVER, AFTER VIEWING THE HBO SPECIAL I FELT MUCH DIFFERENT. IT WAS GREAT, GREAT FOOTAGE AND TO ME CAPTURED THE LIVE EXPERIENCE. AND WHEN I LISTNED TO THE CD AGAIN I NOW FEEL IT DOES AN EXCELLENT JOB IN CAPTURING THE LIVE SHOW. (THE BAND AS A WHOLE SOUNDED MUCH TIGHTER ON THIS TOUR, BUT MAX WEINBERG TRULLY ESTABLISHED HIMSELF AS ONE OF THE GREAT DRUMMERS IN ROCK. RIGHT UP THERE WITH KEITH MOON AND JOHN BONHAM.)
B00003CX8J|5.0|to a series of X-Men films The cast was perfect. Patric Stewart IS Professor X!!! Can't wait to see the rest of them when they are released.
B000002J23|5.0|Let me start off by saying: those of you who think Yes just isn't Yes without Messrs. Anderson and Wakeman should at least take a listen one time to this masterpiece...this is a timeless work done by a band unable to duplicate the unique magic before or since. \\"Machine Messiah\\" opens the album with an ominously emerging guitar into thunderous melodies & rhythyms that hint at Black Sabbath-type groove...Trevor sings almost uncannily like Chris Squire (maybe that's part of the reasons why he was hired), and Geoff Downes adds some majestic keysmanship that while he isn't quite Wakeman, I concur with another review posted here - darn near close. In my view, he holds his own just fine. \\"Man In A White Car\\" as I understand it was originally a Buggles tune, and is a cool musical interlude into Squires opening bassline to \\"Does It Really Happen\\" - a cool pop-proggy tune about time and it's effects on us all (this theme to be repeated in the final track of course). The following track, \\"Into The Lens\\" is one of my other favorite songs on this record poetically extolling the virtues of the art of photography(\\"...transfer to transferring energy!\\")...A really interesting tune follows this one, \\"Run Through The Light\\" where Chris puts the bass down and plays piano while Trevor picks up the fretless bass. A good pop beat with swirling harp-like keyboard sounds surrounding the ears. The crown jewel for me...and mind you, back in 1980 being a kid not knowing what was good music back then, this was the tune that turned me on to Yes, progressive rock, and good quality music in general...the final track, \\"Tempus Fugit\\" ('time flies')...an awesome tune laced with flanged-out bass runs up and down the fretboard, Steve's signature guitar licks, and great stuff coming from Geoff once more - all ending with a vocoder dissipating the namesake into fadeoutdom. One of the last 'true-blue' progressive rock albums hinting at synth-pop emerging just around the corner. Don't expect \\"Close To TheEdge\\", y'all, but expect a great album - and that you'll surely get.
B0000027I6|4.0|When I bought this album, I was only doing it because this guy said it was great, better than any Pink Floyd album.  So, I bought it with the mindset of, &quot;This guy is an idiot.. there is no way this beats 'Dark Side of the Moon' or 'The Wall' &quot;.  While that still held water (no pun intended), I was surprised by this album.  It only proves that Roger Waters still has a few tricks up his sleeve, and the whole album is great.  Doesn't compare to Pink Floyd classics that i have named, but Pink Floyd fans should check it out.  I think Jeff Beck's guitar work was beautiful, though Roger's voice is like an old man.  However, I did find it ironic that two of the biggest egos in music collaborate on &quot;Watching TV&quot;.  This album flows through, and you are surprised by the end.  I have a low opinion of Roger Waters as a person, but I was still amazed by this album.  True genius.
B000058T5E|5.0|hey, the guy who judge the album by its longth, please note: though this JB's new album is a little short, but its good music run time is the longest of all the albums i've ever seen since 94's TheVere's A stream in heaven.So, you got a 37' album, but with 37 minutes of good music, let's say: you got Aerosmith's last album, which is 51', but certainly you don't have more than 25' of good music. JB is the reason i still thingking of upgrading of my stereo. His Strat sound really deserves you put more money in your system.
B000002I25|5.0|The Doors came out with this album in 1967, and it has remained of the best debuts to this day!  This album has a plethora of songs that are awesome to listen to.  There is no bad song on this CD.  It is pure gold.  It starts off with one of the first songs that got me into rock and roll, &quot;Break On Through&quot;.  It continues on to &quot;Soul Kitchen&quot;, and the album continues till there.  The band's true talent comes out on this album, and each song shows another talent they have.  Take a look at &quot;Light My Fire&quot;, where you see the keyboard talent of Ray Manzarek, the guitar talent of Robbie Krieger, and Jim's vocal talent! You see Jim's ability to write poetry from &quot;The End&quot;, an 11:30 masterpiece dealing with several.... issues.  It has a couple of stories in it, but it ties it all together.  John Densmore shows his talent most in &quot;Break On Through&quot;.  This album was a hell of a milestone in the career of the Doors, and their precense was immediately felt with this album.  Buy it, music fans, you'll be surprised!
B00004XONN|1.0|i used to own this CD, buy i sold it two days after i bought it. if this is music, then every body can produce an ablum. I have enough courage to say: i can't understand why Radiohead can/dare call this plastic disc a 'music album'. Radiohead try to be abstract, but they don't get it, they just became un-understandble, this is not vanguardist, this is not 'new era', this is just namby-pamby. if you 'like' Radiohead, why don't you try TheVerve? you will find out what should be called abstract.
B000002UAO|5.0|This was the first Beatles album that I had ever listened to.  It is awesome with it's opening rocker &quot;Drive My Car&quot;, then continues into the most meaningful songs the Beatles have ever done during that time period.  Every song on the album is great, but my favorite is &quot;Nowhere Man&quot;.  It is so poetic and is a true milestone in the Beatles' careers, from where they were this skiffle group with covers and songs that sounded alike to making a TRUE voice in the music business. From this point on, their music would become legendary.  If it weren't for this album until their final one, they would have become just as famous as bands like The Kinks or Herman's Hermits.  This album is awesome.  ANY rock fan should own this one
B00003CXN4|1.0|This film is not complex or interesting. It is an all-star, worthless mess. It is extremely annoying visually. Scenes in Mexico are YELLOW, while scenes in the USA are BLUE. Winner or several Oscars........Why? This is junk!
B00004Z459|5.0|I love this album and to the people that keep dising it screw you! they are one of the best bands i have ever heard and alot of people agree with me. you should go out and buy this cd if you dont already have it. I LOVE THIS CD!!!!!!!!
B00004Y6TQ|3.0|This review is for people who loved Bjork in Dancer in the Dark, know very little about her musical talent, and want to know if this is the album they should buy. If you liked the music in the movie; beware that these SelmaSongs are not taken directly from the movie. Bjork sings almost all the parts (no Joel Grey, for example) and several lyrics are altered (to not give away plot points in the movie, I guess), and some songs are extended. Anyway, it's a *great* CD for people who already love Bjork's music (even though it is a short set of songs), but only a *good* CD for people who are just intrigued by Bjork and liked the music/her singing in the movie. SO, my recommendation to those of you who are not yet hardcore Bjork fans (and you want to get your money's worth while introducing your ears to Bjork's personal style) is to buy any one of these three Bjork albums: &quot;Debut&quot;, &quot;Post&quot;, or &quot;Homogenic&quot;. Debut was her first solo album, and while it is still great after all these years, it is slightly dated. Pick this one if you prefer the melodies on top of flat-beats type of dance music. My general recommendation however, is &quot;Post&quot;. It showcases Bjork's wide range of styles, contains what many people consider to be her most beautiful song (&quot;Hyperballad&quot;) and has more driving beats that keep you tapping your fingers after the song is over. For the more adventurous, you might choose the light-industrial/electronica-packed &quot;Homogenic&quot;. Bjork's emotions on this album are the closest to what you might expect if you have only seen Dancer in the Dark. This is her 'edgiest' album though, with a spot or two that is difficult to take... a bit of screaming that goes on too long even though it compliments the poetry of the song, and (I must warn you moms out there) the F-word is used once - but this is the only time I know of her cussing in an album. All three albums are great, and you should eventually get them all. Avoidthe remix album &quot;Telegram&quot; until you have sampled the aforementioned 3 albums... then you might find it a nice treat IF you like remixes. Bjork almost always re-sings her lyrics on her remixes so that can be a real treat! Then I would recommend you buy this Dancer in the Dark &quot;soundtrack&quot; to complete your Bjork collection of major releases. Don't believe me? Ok, then buy this one AND &quot;Post&quot; and tell me what YOU think :)
B00004XOWM|5.0|This cd kicks major @ss. Everyone should get it even if they dont like rock/rap. I love this cd is it one of the two best cds I have ever gotten. YOU HAVE TO GET THIS CD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B000056NX5|5.0|I am 17, a Broadway fanatic, and a devoted Christian.  This DVD production of the greatest musical of all time was by far the best I've ever seen, and I would recommend it to anyone.  At the beginning I was a little uncertain; I think it kind of has a slow start, but by the end you are hooked and cannot tear your eyes and ears away from Glenn Carter's amazing portrayal of our Savior.  Castle is a phenomenal Mary Magdalene, successfully pulling off every single nuance of her amazing character with convincing dramatics and an awesome voice.  <br />But THE MAIN THING I can stress to you is, DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES share this with a young child.  My sister, also a Broadway and Lloyd-Webber fan, sat down with me to watch this for the first time, and began crying hysterically the minute Jesus was arrested, and did not stop until about three hours after the movie was over.  She is nine, and extremely mature for her age, but this movie was defintely too much for even her to  handle.  The arrest, beatings, and crucifixtion are extremely graphic, and while they are perfect to make viewers see the extent of Christ's sacrifices, they are not meant for weak-stomached,tender-hearted, or easily frightened young children.  Defintely by this DVD, but defintely leave your children or younger siblings with a baby-sitter whenever you watch it.
B000059T5O|5.0|Since getting Wicked Grin just a few weeks ago I have listened to it continuously - it is simply one of the most amazing, interesting, inspiring, all-time great pieces of music that I have ever heard, with dangerously clear lyrics, vocals, arrangements, and musicians.  I have been talking everyone's ears off about this - even forcing colleagues to drive around the parking lot with me as I try to mimic Augie Meyers staccato accordion attack on Jockey Full of Bourbon on my steering wheel!<br />Amazingly, I was able to catch Hammond in Philly last weekend - it was the last night of the Wicked Grin tour.  He did the entire CD, plus some extras (e.g. Gun Street Girl).  Clap Hands and Shore Leave were suitably edgy and brilliant. Amazing.  And I even got to meet Larry Taylor after the show. Augie was there as well as Stephen Hodges. I hope they do it again.  And again after that.<br />Wonder if someone could convince Hammond and Waits to record the entire Waits repertoire? This is not that crazy - how about the conductors who insist on re-recording all of Bach's works whenever they switch orchestras? I'd buy an 18-CD boxed set of Hammond/Waits anytime.
B000056K04|3.0|The cd isn't as bad as some people say but it's definitely not a DMB album in my opinion. It really sounds more like just a Dave solo album, the tunes are more upbeat, musically and lyrically. The music isn't so bad though the jams are cut so short by Ballard's over production and though i'm not a fan of dave on the electric, it's not the main problem. the main problem is the lyrics. they don't mean anything, they're not in the same ballpark as any of his other songs. if you're a dave fan it's a cd to own, and if you aren't but you like this, listen to his other stuff and make the decision for yourself. also, if you like peter gabriel this just might be it for you....
1558908846|2.0|The producers of Judge Dredd might have actually had a franchise on their hands had they just toned down the violence.  Cutting the rating from its current R down to maybe a PG or PG-13 would have opened the movie up to a much wider, younger, audience who may have been a little more forgiving of its &quot;cartoony&quot; style and predictable plot.   Although it isn't the most intelligent movie I've ever seen, it definitely has its entertaining moments.  That said, I still don't think I'd spring twenty dollars to buy it, I think I'd be able to shell out a few bucks to rent it with a clear conscience. All in all, not too bad a movie.  It's just a shame, I really think it could have been a money maker had it been edited a little different.
B00005A1PR|5.0|India Arie is truly a breath of fresh air to music.  She is truly what you call a real artist in that she writes her own songs and can play one mean guitar.  Kinda reminds me of another musical genius songwriting singer named Kenneth &quot;Babyface&quot; Edmonds!  Finally, an artist not caught up on money, looks, or whatever is in style, but one that is true to God, self and becoming the best of  what you can be.  &quot;Strength, Courage &amp; Wisdom&quot; is my favorite song on the album.  It's something one should listen to every morning before going out into the world. It's simply a faithful song of inspiration that lets you know who you are and what you're capable of achieveing if you only believe in yourself, think and try!  &quot;Simple&quot; shows this sista can get your feet moving as she enlightens your mind.  &quot;I See God In You&quot; is simply amazing.  Simply put this is how I want to feel when I see my divine mate.  She sings it from the heart with wisdom and understanding of love and the Creator. Every song on the album is a treasure.  India Arie explores Black culture, spirituality and love in such a unique, innovative and fresh way.  She'll make you realize where music can and should go.  If you're a Musiq Soulchild fan you'll truly love this woman because she's on the same level if not beyond. This is an album of love, self-awareness, and spirituality that will allow you to resonate on being the best you can be, accepting who you are, and being true to yourself.  India Arie's voice is soulfully beautiful, and her acoustic guitar skills are sublime.  Get this album so you'll always be able to say that you knew of her then, and you'll hold this treasure of a first album &quot;Acoustic Soul&quot;!  This is not a commercial album to me, even though it's better than any commercial album released this year.  This is truly a gift of spirituality, love and wisdom from India Arie herself to the people of the world!  God is Love!!!
B0000035GN|5.0|This album is most definitely one of the best Sebadoh albums if not indy albums of all time... Its right along with III and Bubble and Scrape.  It takes a while to get used to it and I didn't like it right away but once it stuck, it stayed!
0807014265|5.0|Victor's writing in Man's Search for Meaning helped me make one of the most important realizations of my life, one that would ultimately change its course and my experience of it. It brought home, with certainty, the notion that in life, it is not what happens to you that matters most, but how you respond to it. Watching Victor discover and live that in a concentration camp is a story not to be missed. It is, in part, because of this book, and my commitment to live the ideas in it, that I now run my own wellness center and have authored of The Spirit of Joy, an intimate story of spiritual awakening.
0061008079|5.0|I read this book in the late 70's and it has remained my favorite book.  I remember reading until 4 am in the morning to finish it when I had a College Final the next day (and I am NOT a night person!).  It was moving and inspiring! I read it again in the late 80's and enjoyed it just as much.  Maybe it's time to read it again... Unfortunately, none of the sequels or any other book of BTB's ever came near to this one.
0140067477|5.0|The Tao of Pooh is an undeniably sweet and endearing little book about living life from a simple, more sincere, more heart-felt place. Using the charm and humor of a bear named Pooh, it explains the wisdom of getting out of the misery of the mind, and learning to re-experience life from a place of joy and delight.
155890641X|5.0|The Disney Company has over used the term Masterpiece when referring to its own movies.  But this one truly deserves that title.  While its animation betray its age, the story and characters are still fun, and its place in history also makes it a must.<br />The story is simple and familiar.  Snow White's wicket stepmother wants her killed because Snow White is &quot;the fairest of them all.&quot;  She is saved from this fate, and hides out with seven dwarfs.  But will the queen find her and try to kill her?<br />Walt's genius here was in creating the characters.  The dwarfs have very distinctive personalities, and some of the best scenes in the movie revolve around them.  (The scene where they first come home is a classic.)  The animals add some humor as well, especially when cleaning the cottage.<br />The plot moves along well, and when I first saw it in college, I was drawn into the story even though I knew the ending.  I actually felt tears when the dwarfs were morning Snow White.<br />By today's standards, the animation is flawed, especially for the prince.  However, there are some truly beautiful scenes as well, particularly the sun set when the dwarfs are coming home.  Fans of Disney in the 30's will recognize the feel of some of the silly symphony cartoons.  The important thing to remember when watching this movie is its place in history.  This is the first animated movie ever, produced when everyone thought no one would ever see it.  The fact that we're still watching it is a testimony to Walt as a filmmaker and pioneer.<br />This is truly a classic movie.  If you've never seen it, watch it today.
1878424319|5.0|The Four Agreements is a book of wisdom and insight. It explains that we have all formed &quot;agreements&quot; or beliefs in our culture, agreements which keep us down. It then invites us to reconsider those agreements, and suggests four agreements - new ways of believing about ourselves and our lives - that allow us to live a far more fulfilling life. Much like the teachings in The Spirit of Joy, The Four Agreements shares insights for a life fully lived.
0312954468|5.0|Wilbur Smith is a genius.  River God is an excellent book for anyone who enjoys historical fiction and action.  Set in Ancient Egypt, this is an epic novel that spans about 50 years and is incredibly entertaining.  All of Smith's stuff is great.  The follow up to River God, The Seventh Scroll, is great too, but read River God first, then The Seventh Scroll.  Incredibly intruiging and thought-provoking.
0385334206|5.0|but I wouldn't know because this is the only book by Vonnegut that I've read. It's a great book, maybe the best I've read, but Catcher in the Rye and Salem's Lot come close. I'm not gonna say how old I am, because no one would take my comments seriously, but I'm young. It is a great book for people at a young age, but seriously not for the D-student. It's somewhat complex, and in a way philosophical. Vonnegut has constructed a masterfull book full of dry humor and sarcastic wit, but it's serious. Make sure you understand that this isn't a parody, it's an insight into our society. With the pictures of &quot;wide open beavers&quot;, you may wonder what the hell Kurt was on when he wrote this, but I doubt he was out of it, it all works well together in the end. Anyway, I'm dawdling, so in short, read the book if you think you can.
6303168507|5.0|I've read that Schindler's List was Steven Spielberg's best work, but I avoided seeing the movie because I thought it would be something like the film adaptation of &quot;The Diary of Anne Frank.&quot;  Last week, I finally got around to renting it and it was definitely worth it.  Schindler's List can be best described as &quot;black and white and disturbing.&quot;  It is difficult to criticize the movie because it would most likely sound ignorant if I did.  The graphic violence in Schindler's List is enough to turn the head of the strongest person, but that's the reason it was made.  Steven Spielberg spared no details.  When someone thinks of Spielberg, we usually recall movies like Jurassic Park and E.T.  Although these movies have moral behind it, Schindler's List is practically based on it.<br />The display of black and white in the movie is appropriate; it signifies the bleak world of the Jewish people.  The examples of color in the film have profound effect.  When Schindler is watching the liquidation of the ghetto from a hill, he sees a young Jewish girl wandering the streets, the only color her bright red jacket.  Later in the film, when the concentration camp director Amon Goeth is ordered to burn the bodies of Jews, Schindler sees the red jacket wheelbarrowed off to the bonfire.  The look of shock and revelation on his face strikes your heart.  It is like the blind has been raised from the windows of his eyes and he is appalled by what he sees.<br />The second color (not many reviewers have mentioned this) are the flames of the candles that Rabbi Levartov and others light during their preparation for the sabbath in Schindler's artillery shell factory.  The bright orange shines out of the bleak world of the Schindler Jews.<br />See this movie, everyone.  It will change the way you think.
B000056VIY|5.0|When i bought this album i thought it would be not bad but it was great! i could dance to it because of her club tracks like &quot;Play&quot;, &quot;walking on sunshine&quot;, and &quot;Dance with me&quot;. To those haterz out there i jus wanna say you shouldnt judge people cause you probably cant sing anyway so there! Her album express's her individuality and if she couldnt sing why did she go Platinum baby. Looks dont make people buy her album, true its a part of it but if she couldnt sing why does she sell alot of records.
6305499365|5.0|This movie is destined to become a cult film!!  It's classic.  I laughed til I cried because it hit so close to home.  It's a comedic look at contemporary office life in &quot;big city&quot; Texas.  I love this movie!!!
B000056V73|5.0|This original screenplay won an academy award this year and I can understand why.  There's a lot of heart in it as it's based on the writer/director Cameron Crowe's own experience as a teenage writer for Rolling Stone Magazine.<br />The young Patrick Fugit is cast as William Miller,  the 15-year-old reporter who, with a combination of pluck and luck manages to get an assignment to write about the fictional rock band, Stillwater.  He's a true innocent and plays the role with wide-eyed wonder as he winds up traveling with the band, much to the upset of his mother, played by Frances McDormand.  Billy Crudup, with his chiseled good looks plays the lead guitarist of the band and his role goes beyond the stereotype of a rock musician.  And then there is the lovely Kate Hudson, who adds sparkle and sensitivity to her role as a groupie.  William Seymour Hoffman also adds his talents as the writer/rock critic who the young William looks up to as his mentor.  It's a great cast.<br />The best part of this film, though,  was the way the screenplay captured the time and place of the rock music scene of the 70s.  Some of the music was original and some were old favorites such as &quot;America&quot; by Simon and Garfunkel, &quot;Every Picture tells a Story&quot; by Rod Stewart and :The Wind&quot; by Cat Stevens.  The details were all there -- the attitude, clothing, and youthful energy that was so much a part of the times.  I couldn't help but notice though that even though drugs were talked about, there wasn't much on-screen drug use. This is to the film's credit which was, basically, about the relationships between the people as well as the music.<br />The world that this film captures so well is long gone.  The characters have grown up and the young reporter is now a successful Hollywood screenwriter. The intensity of the times have faded and we now live in a world of computers and cell phones.  What a delight it was though to again feel the pulse of the 70s and hear the music once again.sic once again.
B00004YKUY|4.0|Arrival implies as the band intended, to express that the group is finally where it wants to be. If thats what they want, okay, but its not where theyre best. The loss of Steve PERRY to the group stands out not so much through the lack of his voice, but the lack of his creative talent. Perry had large input into prior albums' music and most importantly lyrics. Perry is a talented lyricist. Arrival, while a good mix of rock and ballad, lacks a unifiying glue. Some songs are written by people who are not members of the group, and the lack of a clear &quot;team&quot; (like the Perry,Cain, Schon combo of old) shows.  Then there is the Augieri issue. He has a nice voice, and his range while decent lacks the broadness of Perrys early recordings. Granted, Perrys voice had obviously deteriorated by Trial by Fire, but his depth and strength were still there, if not stronger. Augieri lacks this depth, his voice at times sounds tinny and lacks emotion.  Arrival, as I said is good, but its good if you take Journey now without comparing it to the Journey then. If you do, you stop listening to Arrival and start polishing scratches on Trial by Fire so you can listen to it another 1000 times. One note on &quot;Trial..&quot; its Journeys best work-bar none, and this is from a fan of over 25 years who knows every note of every single track ever recorded by the group.  Should die hard Journey fans accept Arrival. Probably, although I hope Steve Perry finds his way if thats what he wants. However, I cant help but feel this is the final album we'll ever hear from Journey, and that the best of them was heard before this albums release.
0783239955|5.0|This is a brilliant movie at times to brilliant for my american friends
0679879269|5.0|The Amber Spyglass puts a spell on you and makes you want to read more. This fantasy turns into reality and you feel like you are on the adventures that Lyra goes on. You feel the empathy for the daemons and the protective ways they work their magic. This novel shows the magical entracing side of the magic combined with fantasy. This novel is long in length but after you are done with one you will want to keep reading. Some incidents keep you at the edge of your seat wanting more and yearning for the great lessons that Lyra must learn in order to obtain this magical object. Lyra is a great and simple characters who has many characteristics that many people now have and is a great success to be described.
B00003W8NM|1.0|This movie was weak I am surprised by how much everyone like's it.This is the most overated movie of 99
B00001OH7P|4.0|I can't say enough about the music of this CD -- I love it and never tire of listening to it.<br />However, I did want to comment on the Enchanced CD (ECD) part of this cd.  Unlike other ECDs though, the enhancements aren't that great -- they just connect you to bowienet
B000002UJQ|5.0|Radiohead has changed my life. I don't mean to sound corny, but it's true. I haven't felt this way about any band with the exception of Pink Floyd. I am 17 years of age, and I am proud to say that a great band is part of MY generation, even you have to dig through piles of crap to find it (cough...Limp Bizkit...hack...N'Sync...cough, cough) . I love Paranoid Android, Karma Police...hell, I love them all. I also recommend all other Radiohead CDs.
B000059XUO|5.0|The movie had a good storyline, plot and acting. Though it really is a shame that Brandon Lee died because his acting career really would have gone somwhere and maybe an acdemy award would have been won. This is One Of the best ACTION FILMS EVER! If you have not seen the crow you have not seen a really great action film.
B00000IAU3|3.0|Now that that is out of the way, let me tell you how much I love THANK YOU, and bought the album after hearing the Eminem/Elton JOhn song performed in the grammys.<br />I also liked HERE WITH ME, from Roswell.  BUT other than the fact that she has a beautiful haunting voice, the whole album sounds the same.  I mean, there are no remarkable tracks as far as I am concerned, and she does sound Lilith-ISH.<br />I'd buy the album again just for the two aforementioned songs.  But don't expect too much.
B00000JCOV|1.0|This band is pathetic in all ways possible. The only fans they have are a bunch of 13 year old boys. And where is the talent the only thing they do is play one cord and strum on the strings and what kind of band makes lyrics saying f this and f that yeah thats real raw talent.I saw them at tattoo the earth and they were just humiliated by sepultura sevendust and especially slayer who got the whole crowd in an uproar. I remember when there lead singer was like who came out to see slipknot and there was very little crowd response. This is what disgraces American Metal, no talent what so ever, these guy are an embarrassment to the world of music. I you wanna see what real metal is buy mudvayne, pantera, sepultura, slayer, white/rob zombie, and metallica. But stay away from this crap because i still regret the day I bought this, it was just an hour of pure suck.
B000002A6O|1.0|I will readily admit that I bought a copy of this album back in 1978. I was a freshman in high school and very impressionable. This album was everywhere so, like the rest of the cultural lemmings around me, I bought it, and bought INTO it hook, line, and sinker. Recently, I dug out the old vinyl (12' inch round platter with a small hole in the center) to relive that time and spent every moment of it laughing in disbelief. I was not really expecting to be taken with it all these years later, after all tastes do change, but I was not prepared for just how monumentally horrible it was going to sound some 20+ year down the road. These songs are BAD, and I mean this in the traditional sense of the term as in terrible, wretched, stomach churning. What's even worse is the pompous production which manages to drown out any vague melodic interest that might even be lurking underneath it. But all these factors together do proved a certain level of entertainment. Like that campy horror movie from the 1950's it can, given the right setting, produce howls of laughter brought on by moments of unintended humor.
B00005AFVR|5.0|It is also the only one. I was somewhat surprised at some of the negative reviews already posted over selection of songs, not as good as LIVE, etc. This is rock CD by Bruce Springsteen; don't complain about song selection, rejoice that you have a new CD that is rock n roll.<br />This CD projects Springsteen performing in the setting that made him an icon. It also showcases the fact that Springsteen has produced quality material for the past twenty-five years, which is quite an accomplishment. <br />All of the songs are good and again he proves my point that all of his solo work is much better backed by the E Street Band.
B000056NX5|1.0|I love the original album. I have seen many stage productions. The 1973 movie wasn't bad. But this version is a waste of plastic. The music is recorded too low, probably out of deference to the performer's egos. They might as well be singing in the shower. \\"Singing\\" is a generous word here. Their musical range seems to be from screaming to squeaking. Judas can't finish a verse without his voice breaking into a moose call. I'm just glad that it was broadcast on PBS before I spent good money on this. For future reference folks, new does not necessarily mean good.
B000002L99|5.0|5150 was the first album to feature Sammy Hagar as the replacement for Van Halen's original frontman David Lee Roth, who left in 1985 to pursue a solo career. The songs on 5150 show Van Halen slowly moving away from the party rock image they had with Dave fronting the band, on this album sythesizer became a dominant instrument, and Van Halen also had 3 ballads on it which is something they never really had before. Overall their sound became more &quot;pop&quot; orientated. Just because their sound underwent a makeover doesn't mean they abandoned their hard rock roots. Good Enough, Get Up, Best of Both Worlds, and 5150 prove this. These are all great songs that sound like they could be classic Van Halen. The ballads, Dreams, Why Can't this Be Love, and Love Walks In also are amazing songs, with great music and meaningful lyrics. In my opinion the real gem on this album is the party rock summertime anthem Summer Nights. This song is absoultely fantastic, it sounds so much like classic Van Halen I can almost hear Dave singing it. The one song I don't get on this album is Inside, it's very bizzarre. This is my favorite album of the Hagar era of the band, I suggest everyone pick it up.
015650300X|5.0|I was given this book to read for a high school French class, and I'm so glad I did. (If you're by some fluke reading this, Coop, thanks so much for introducing me to &quot;Le petit prince&quot;!) It may be classified here as &quot;children's&quot; literature, but it's so much more. This is a beautiful, moving story of the little prince and his journeys through planets and on Earth. It contains some incredibly deep philosophy and will make you appreciate the simplicity and innocence of childhood... and make you want to regain that outlook on life. I know that I'm trying to see the world as a child again.<br />...Et si vous pouvez lire ce livre en franais, c'est beaucoup plus beau. Le livre en anglais n'est pas mal, mais il n'y a pas l'&eacute;l&eacute;gance.
B000002LPD|4.0|A while back I reviewed this album and gave it 3 stars, but now after listening to it some more I realized that this album is really good, not 5 star quality but I'll bump my rating to a 4. The only bad thing about this album is the overall sound, the songs are really great. From the opening drill of Poundcake to the last riff of Top of the World, this album doesn't dissappoint. Even though Eddie's guitar playing isn't what it used to be on this album it would still make any guitar players who think their good blush. Alex and Mike are also extremely solid on this album, and Sammy Hagar is great as usual. While this album has many great songs there are also some weaker ones too, that doesn't mean bad, just weaker than you'd expect from the Mighty Van Halen. the best tracks on the album are the rockers Poundcake, Judgement Day, Runaround, Top of the World, the semi rocker Right Now, and my favorite song on the album, and probably my favorite Sammy era song, The Dream is Over. There are also some great guitar moments, such as Eddie's tribute to his son's birthday 316, and the intro to Man On A Mission. This album is definately worth the money, I suggest picking it up
B00003CXRM|5.0|There are so many funny moments in this movie that I can't remember them all.  My favorite character is Delmer, played by Tim Blake Nelson.  He was a wonderfully lovable guy, and he actually sang &quot;In the Jailhouse Now.&quot;  This is a sentimental, affectionate comedy.  I've always been a Coen brothers fan.  This film should have been up for best picture, but it's a rare day when a comedy is up for best picture.  It was also nice to see Southern people (with the exception of the kkk) depicted in a positive light.  They weren't all racists in the 30's, which is the prevailing notion.  If you want to be entertained, if you want to laugh, then you should order this movie.
B000002LEM|3.0|I don't know what happened to Van Halen on this album but whatever did wasn't a good thing. This is without a doubt their weakest album, I'm not saying that it doesn't have it's moments but on the whole this album is their worst. Starting with the overall sound quality, this has to be the most poorly mixed album I've ever heard. Then we get to the songs, this album starts on a high note with one of my favorite Sammy era Van Halen songs, Mine All Mine. This is the highlight of the album the band's playing is very good and the guitar solo is great as with every other VH song. The next song is the mega hit ballad When It's Love, this is also a good song so we're off to a good start. A.F.U. (Naturally Wired) is another decent song, it's not as good as the previous 2 but it's decent. Next is Cabo Wabo, while it's not a bad song it's not great either, the idea was there but it just doesn't work. Source of Infection has great music, especially guitar but I don't know what's going on with the vocals, if you can call them that, in my opinion this should have been left as an instrumental. Feels So Good, is another ballad which was also a single, it's not a bad song but nothing compared to the others. Finish What Ya Started is a complete change of style for Van Halen, surprisingly this song was a hit, at first I really wasn't crazy about it, but what can I say, it grew on me. Black and Blue is another song I don't get, there's just something about it that doesn't work. Sucker in a 3 Piece has awesome guitar in the beginning and the song is a straight forward rocker, what can I say it's not that bad. the album ends with A Apolitical Blues, this song really doesn't work, it's not even the fact that Van Halen, the kings of rock, are doing blues, because I welcome a band experimenting with different styles, it just doesn't work. Either way Van Halen is the greatest band ever and this album is excellent and I reccommend it to anyone but not until you have the rest of the Van Halen albumsalbums
1577311523|5.0|Five stars is simply not enough - &quot;The Power of Now&quot; is a 10+! Having tried to live my life upon a foundation rooted in Buddhist philosophies and the Four Noble Truths - suffering, origin of suffering, cessation of suffering and the path to the cessation of suffering, I found this book to be based on those same principles.  Many people believe our thoughts and feelings are all that we are, but in truth we are much greater; our life is far more complex. With words of inspiration and wisdom, Tolle shows us the path, the truth, the beauty  and the light within us.  For those seeking the path to enlightenment, &quot;The Power of Now&quot; is an eloqently written, soul-searching masterpiece.  If you are searching for a spiritual healing, or more peace and tranquility within yourself and your life, in addition to this book, I also recommend, &quot;The Art of Happiness&quot; by the Dalai Lama.  In both these books, you will find inspiration, and powerful truths to a more peaceful, rich and fulfilling life.
B000000OQF|5.0|Appetite for Destruction is one of the best albums of all time, it's in my personal top 3 favorites. There is not one song that can remotely be considered a filler track. Well I'm sure all of you know all the hits from the album, Welcome to the Jungle, Paradise City, and Sweet Child O Mine. So what really needs to be said about them, the band sounds great, the songs are extremely catchy and some of the best written and most hard rockin songs ever. Lead guitarist Slash especiallty shines on Paradise City. Now that we have that out of the way, we should concentrate on the lesser known songs on the album. Along with the hits there are the songs that became live and radio standards even though they were never hits, such as It's So Easy, Mr. Brownstone, and Nightrain. These songs are also amazing, the band sounds amazing and Axl's voice is in top form. Besides the obvious talents of Slash, rhythm guitarist Izzy Stradlin, bassist Duff McKagan, and the voice of Axl and overlooked part of this album is drummer Steven Adler. In my opinion he's one of the best drummers of our time, it's just a shame that he couldn't keep things together in his life, but his presence definately shows on this album. Someother songs on this album that are often overlooked are Out Ta Get Me, You're Crazy, and the masterpiece Rocket Queen. And last but not least my 2 favorite songs on the album, My Michelle and Think About You. My Michelle is an extremely powerful song, and Think About You has some of the best guitars I've ever heard, Slash and Izzy really shine. This is a must own classic album, so I strongly suggest buying this album right now, don't put it off. Trust me you won't be dissappointed with it.
B000002JSN|5.0|If a Martian came to earth and said, &quot;Teach me about your rock and roll,&quot; I'd give him disc one of Physical Graffitti. If what you love is blues-based rock that isn't afriad to soar in as many directions as its brilliant creators can imagine, this is for you. No deep &quot;beatlesque&quot; insights, or jagger-like posing -- just the finest group Britian has producted doing what they do best, and they never did it better.
0451196716|5.0|In all truth, it is the best book I've ever read.<br />It might sound like a bit much, but it's entirely the truth.<br />I first read this book when I was a young kid in elementary school, and since then I have read it over ten more times, if not more. . . .<br />Never have I read a book that drew me into a story as much as this one did -- one that I could get completely lost in. Never have I read a book that so easily avoided a typical story to tell a fabulous, genius tale. And never have I read a book that made me question and ponder a piece of writing so much as this one. . . . especially the ever-curious, ever-brilliant ending.<br />Having read other King works, I know that this far exceeds them in quality. King is alright. King is decent. But this is not King. This is Bachman. Bachman is genius. A great read. A fantastic read. I love it.
B000056K04|1.0|Everyday is candy-coated pop.  If you like that, then go ahead and by it.  If you're like me, and feel that dave matthews has taken a creative dive in the last three or four years, look no farther then the Lillywhite Sessions.  Sure, it was ditched.  Sure, it's dark.  Dave himself said he was really depressed when making the Lillywhite sessions.  This is why you should get it.  Some of the best art is created when the artist is in a extreme emotional state, whether it be happy or sad.  The effect is that their creations are sincere, and it clearly comes across.  Everyday, on the other hand, seems to have been made to get matthews out of his depressive state.  It's lighter, but false-sounding.  Hopefully the Lillywhite sessions will eventually be mastered and officially released, for I will surely buy it.  To give you a better sense of my perspective, I was getting into dave matthews around early 1993 and started to lose interest around 1996 - less interesting stuff going on, less improvisation, and a total collapse of the concert scene, at least on the east coast.  The Lillywhite sessions brings me back to the earlier days.
B000002KB8|5.0|This is still my favorite CD.  I've been listening to it for almost 15 years, and I'm never sick of hearing it.  If you're a music fan, do yourself a favor and get this CD.<br />Paranoid is unquestionably great, but something about Black Sabbath makes stands out for me.  The dark intro to the band.  The blues flow of the Wizard.  The pure evil of NIB.  The prequel to War Pigs in the form of Wicked World.  The fantastic dark conclusion in a lengthy euphoric guitar solo in Sleepy Village (etc.)...<br />This is a transcendent CD.  Please do yourself a favor and get it.
014100018X|4.0|I think that this novel had a good plot with well-devloped characters that kept you interested in this book. Joanne Harris has great ideas which she implants in this novel. The whole controversy between traditional values and new values was a great plot to write a novel on.
0440234743|5.0|This is the first John Grisham book I ever read, and I had it in my possession for seven months before I actually read it. Once I started reading it, I couldn't stop! This book is now one of my all-times favorites. After finishing this book, I quickly snatched up all the Grisham books I could find.
B000002OX5|4.0|A (shudder) concept album but, unusually for that bloated genre, one with a hearty sense of the ridiculous at its core. The Who Sell Out is dedicated to pirate radio, and as such it gave the `Oo the band a chance to try out a variety of styles, as well as pay tribute to the pirate radio stations that had supported the band.<br />It's patchy. I'd like to give it more than four stars, but although there is some brilliant stuff here, there is also some stuff that you just don't want to play too often. The mock advertising jingles between the main songs are, for the most part, irritating after a few listens (a couple of exceptions are the Charles Atlas and Roto-Sound Strings commercials, which work because they are short and they work as tunes first and jokes second). And most of the John Entwhistle songs are tuneless attempts at fairly leaden humour. The bassist in time became a damn good songwriter, but he still has his learner wheels on here, and it shows.<br />The album opener, `Armenia City in the Sky' is a heavy psychedelic number of the kind Pink Floyd were getting into at the time. It also appears influenced by the Beatles' `Tomorrow Never Knows' song - Townshend's backwards lead guitar apes the weird tape loops that sound like predatory vultures on the Fab Four's track. It's not the most tuneful of numbers, and Daltrey struggles to hit the high notes on the chorus, but the playing is spookily great.<br />A sprinkling of send-up ads later [HEINZ BAKED BEANS!!! - one of the better ones] we're into `Mary Ann with the Shaky Hands', a folk number apparently about hand-jobs. It's a marvellous piece - style-wise, a spot on parody of those god-awful doe-eyed soulful folkie numbers which were popular at the time. `Odorono' and `Tattoo' are brilliant but weird: the former a mock-heartbreaking ditty about a girl who fails an audition when the man she's trying to impress gets a whiff of her armpits. Ahh. Who said romance was dead?  `Tattoo', meanwhile, is even better - a tale of two boys who try to prove their masculinity by getting tattooed, and their parents' negative response. The vocals are amazing - shimmering operatic harmonies that the Who did so well in the 1960s but ditched around the time of Who's Next. <br />`Our Love Was' is a fairly standard sixties love tune, but then, following a few more words from our sponsors, we're into the king-hit: `I Can See for Miles'. It's as if the other songs are a school of small but colourful and interesting tropical fish, and suddenly they all dart away and this big powerful shark of a song looms into view. `I Can See for Miles' is the only real rocker here, and its weight anchors the album.  The band is at it's best: Daltrey's menacing, paranoid vocals are underscored by Entwhistle's equally threatening bass, while Townshend overlays at least three powerful guitar tracks. And Moon! If `Happy Jack' was noted for having a drum solo where the guitar heroics should have been, the drumming on this track leaps all around the track like a musical poltergeist smashing up the room. A total stunner. A silly advert for Charles Atlas body building courses later, we're into one of Townshend's more soulful numbers, `I Can't Reach You'. A nakedly emotional, sexual/spiritual love song of a sort that Townshend was not to return to for many years - not really until his 1980 solo album `Empty Glass'.<br />I always felt that this album, in its original version, petered out early on side two, about half way through `Relax' - a track which contains what has to be Townshend's worst ever guitar solo. `Sunrise' is pretty but insubstantial - very similar to `Blue Red and Grey' off The Who By Numbers Album eight years later; `Silas Stingy' is more alleged wit from Entwhistle, and the `rock opera' which closed the original album, `Rael', is best seen as a work in progress. Tune-wise, some bits pre-figure the `Tommy' monster, but it goes nowhere. The added tracks here - nine of them, plus assorted extra mock advertsnot included in the original - really extend the work, but I'm not sure it makes The Who Sell Out a greatly better album. There's a few more adverts, and a couple of songs which should have made the original - amazingly, one on these is a Keith Moon number, `Girls Eyes'  which is really not bad. <br />If you're even remotely interested in this magnificent band's development, `The Who Sell Out' is well worth slapping down the plastic for. Taken as a whole, it's a very good - but not great - effort.
0764005685|4.0|This film is underrated by both regular movie goers and Argetno fans, usually it is panned because of how bizzare it is, but the thing about an Argento film is that he has never been good at writing a narrative . For him the important thing is to affect you emotionally and psychologically, not in an intellectual way. This is probably his most bizzare and his most beautiful film. It is about a girl named Jennifer Corvino(Jennifer Connelly) who enrolls in a Swiss boarding school and her classmates are being murdered by a mysterious killer. She has a gift of being able to communicate telepathically with insects and with the help of an entomologist(Donald Pleasence) she tracks down the killer using her power. While i admit some of the narrative seems somewhat ridiculous it is a lush and beautiful film which has the feeling of a dream and Jennifer Connelly who has also starred in DARK CITY and REQUIEM FOR A DREAM is good enough in her first leading role. It also features a great musical score by Goblin and Bill Wyman. It also features the director's wife, Daria Nicolodi, and his one of his daughters, Fiore Argento. Watch for her in the impressive and scary opening sequence. You will notice this film is similar in many ways to SUSPIRIA but it manages to stand on it's own. In what other film will you see a monkey running wild with a razor blade!
B00004Z459|5.0|This is seriously one of the best cds I have ever bought. The songs are really meaningful if you actually listen to the words, and I love Linkin Park's sound. They are totally not copying off of other people's works. Linkin Park's music is really original and i recommend it to those who like the combination of metal, alt rock, and rap, but dont want to hear any more of Limp Bizkit's womanizing lyrics that contrast with Fred Durst's girly voice. This isn't one of those cds that you buy for just one song. If you like a song you hear on the radio by Linkin Park, you will love the entire cd. It's worth every penny.
0790744295|5.0|Modeled after the great EC comics series Tales from the Crypt, the Vault of Horror, and the Haunt of Fear, 'Creepshow' is a movie which, like those comics, consists of four of five short stories. Unlike many horror movies, this movie is not sick, disturbing, or gory, but is formulated on what made the comics work- spooky stories and excellent staging. Its slightly gory, but is just really good scary fun.
0451160916|5.0|The first book that I have read from Stephen King, but certainly not my last!  All of the boos that I have read from him (IT, The Girl Who Loved Tom Gordon, The Stand) were als 5 star ratings, but The Shining is my favorite of them all!
B00004XONN|3.0|Yet another review of Kid A! I don't want to come across as incredibly condescending, but you people from the US clearly arent't getting where Radiohead came from. In the context of British grunge/rock at the time of Pablo Honey, Radiohead were a little bit different in a very samey crowd of bands. With The Bends, they were far ahead of the game in making guitar rock profound; by the time they had got to OK Computer, they had popularised the concept album for a new generation and stretched the boundaries of musical acceptability with their use of instruments.<br />In the light of OKC, Kid A does seem like something of a natural progression, however one cannnot escape the fact that the album is a pale shade of grey in comparison to the life and vibrancy of the previous two offerings. While Thom Yorke might protest that 'melody embarrasses me', it really seems that the band have overstretched themselves somewhat on this occasion. While I applaud their intention to leave behind the populist masses and teenage pop listeners, the sheer quality of music on Kid A is just not that which one has come to expect from Radiohead.<br />It is perhaps true that this is an album of transition, and from the tracks I've already heard, Amnesiac in somewhat in the same vein, but with the return of hard guitars. Radiohead undoubtedly outgrew the market with OK Computer (and arguably even with the Bends) and now find themselves with no hooks upon which to attach their music. As a result it doesn't fall flat - it still has the brilliance of Radiohead's unique approach - but it certainly doesn't hang like their music should.
B00005A1PR|4.0|I heard great things about India Arie and was very impressed with the song &quot;Video&quot; and  as soon as homegirl dropped her album I had it pumping in my cd player. Trust me when I say it is worth the purchase. Her sound has been likened to many soul sistas, but mainly to sistas like Lauryn Hill, Brandy, &amp; Whitney Houston. Her lyrics put you in a state of mind  like would Jill  Scott, Erykah Badu, Sade and again Lauryn Hill..why? Because her music is rooted in the heart. Yet overall I must say India is India, she is original in more ways than one. Her sound is honest and raw. Listen closely you can see, it is not just big music co.'s trying to sell  hits, talking loud but ain't saying a thing. Yet instead India's personality spills over into her music.<br />She masters the art of story-telling, self-expression and she has a certain way of making you feel it also... one song that got me was &quot;Promises&quot;. On her album, she brings out her sensual side, her spiritual, her political/social views etc. and she has the voice that rocks it! I must say my fav song on the album is &quot;Wonderful&quot; But don't take my word for it, check her out for yourself and you will agree.
B000002UC5|3.0|Newly married and dizzy with domestic bliss, Paul stated that the theme of his first solo release would be &quot;home, family, love&quot;.  It is.  It's also raw and unfinished, with three instrumentals (on one album?) and some of the songs are fragmented.  Recorded at home by himself (it also included a self serving interview with himself, basically stating that the Beatles were dead) all is not lost here.  &quot;Maybe I'm Amazed&quot; is a standout; curiously it wasn't released as a single until 1977, when Wings put out the live version.  &quot;Every Night&quot; is a pleasant charmer, as are &quot;Junk&quot; and &quot;Teddy Boy&quot;, which are both leftovers from the Beatles' &quot;White Album&quot; sessions.  I do enjoy this album, but I think that it falls far short of Paul's potential.
038541627X|5.0|The present volume of stories is just the tip of the iceberg. An exhibition that showcases what a fine story teller Isaac Asimov. The highlight of most stories of Asimov is his ability to visualise the future not just in terms of technological advances, but also its impact on human behaviour. If this is the first book of Asimov you are reading then you are well on your way to becoming a fan. <br />choorie@ rediffmail.com
B000001GLK|5.0|I totally agree with Antonio Perci for his commentary about the fourth concerto.  Having listened to Pollini and Abbado, I tried Arrau who used to be my favorite, then Zimerman and Kempf.  As often it happens to me with Pollini, when I go back to my ancient favorites I realize how difficult it is to rival his art made of precision, balance, clarity, fidelity to the scores.  <br />Really, you should listen to the fourth and the magic of the first movement. I have one regret. The second movement of the fifth, although quite impressive when compared with other interpretations, does not match the standards that Pollini himself established in 1979 with Bohm.  But Pollini does make up for the fourth.
6300214044|5.0|The Elephant Man is by far one of the most compelling, best made dramatic movies ever.  I know this is a heck of a boast, but this movie is as close to perfection as any movie ever made.                 With a perfect cast, a dynamite script and powerhouse direction, The Elephant Man weaves a hypnotic fairy tale on the screen that is nothing less than spellbinding.               While at times it maybe one of the most saddest movies ever made, this movie is always a special joy for me to watch, even after seeing it 26 times since I first saw it in the theater in 1980.
0451160916|4.0|King's novel &quot;The Shining&quot; deserves much more credit than it is usually awarded.  Because of King's fame and the generalities made about all his work, &quot;The Shining&quot; is often considered a thriller, which is a lacking description indeed.  Although in some ways the novel is a thirller, as many scenes force the reader to white-knuckle the arm of his or her chair, there is much more depth and significant thematic content in this novel than one typically expects a thriller to have.  As he has been known to do, King uses a writer as one of arguably two main characters, and also draws from his personal experiences.  King originally wanted to set this novel in an amusement park, but after a vacation to a resort hotel in Colorado, decided that a hotel setting would be much more successful in furthering the thematic content he planned to deal with.    King relates the story of a family in trouble, attempting what may be a last ditch effort to remain whole.  The father, Jack, is an alcoholic haunted by the abuse of his own father, who is prone to violenbt outbursts.  Danny, the son, is a six-year-old boy blessed (or cursed) with he gift of E.S.P., or the shining, enabling him to read thoughts and see possible future events through his imaginary friend Tony.  The mother, Wendy, also struggling with her past, is concerned about her son's abnormalities and her husband's unpredictablity.  An old drinking buddy of Jack's is able to get him a job at the hotel he largely owns, as the winter caretaker.  In this manner King introduces the novel's central conflict, the Overlook vs. The Torrance family.  Much of the enjoyment of reading the novel comes from the play of these two forces against one another, which King has intelligently enpowered similarly.  The Torrances are empowered by Danny's gift, Jack's love, and Wendy's spirit.  The Overlook is empowered by the ghosts of those who have died there in the past, who want to keep the timeless party alive.  This dramatization helps the reader understand the thematic content concerning cycles of history, which is perhaps the most significant of King's themes.  All the characters, and in many ways the Overlook can be considered a character, have history.  Much of the suspense of the novel stems from whether the character's histories will be repeated, or if they will be strong enough to overcome their past.  Jack's history is full of alcoholism and abuse, Wendy's is dominated by her uncaring mother and her mistrust of Jack, and the Overlook's history is one of terrible violence and sadness, such a powerful force that it comes to life.  The importance of history is clearly dramatized as the family is just experiencing total isolation, when Jack wanders to the basement and becomes fascinated with an old scrapbook detailing the seedy past of the hotel, such as the years when it was run by mobsters.  He decides the papers in the basement would make an excellent footing for a great American novel.  As his excitement about how good the novel could be grows, hope is lost when Al, who got him the job, refuses to let him tarnish the image of the hotel by writing about it.  This event helps set Jack's temper in motion, and also dramatizes another significant thematic concern of King's, that of the abuse of power.  People in the novel in positions of power tend to abuse that power,  a fact revealed through many thematic choices, including: Jack's father's abuse, the mistreatment of Jack by the hotel manager, Al's denial of the book, the seemingly unstoppable power of the real &quot;Manager,&quot; the dark force of the hotel itself, and Jack's abuse of his family.    Organized cleverly into a classic five act structure, &quot;The Shining&quot; is truly one of King's greatest literary achievements.  I recommend the novel for it's level of suspense, (prepare to be occasionally horrified) it's believable characters, riveting plot, and central thematic messages concerning cylces of history, and theabuse of power.
B00003CXMG|5.0|The media has done an effective job of convincing the world that nothing existed between the Baby-Boomer generation and Generation-X, between the 1960s and the 1980s.<br />However, there was indeed another generation in-between, that is quite different from those who came before and those who came after.   While the Baby-Boomers were (and still are) primarily concerned with ideology and rebelling against their parents, the generation that came of age in the 1970s was primarily concerned with art - especially rock music - and spirituality.<br />Cameron Crowe is the first person from this generation to create an accurate portrayal of the 1970s and our generation.  How far off most previous depictions have been, is easily demonstrated by the media equating the 70s and .... disco !   Disco didn't start until the 1970s were OVER.<br />All the characters in the film, from William Miller and Penny Lane, down through the Zeppelin fan to the partygoers in Topeka, are all amazing accurate and correspond closely to people who I knew at the time.<br />All the locations in the film, particularly backstage at the San Diego Sports Arena and at the Continental Hyatt on the Sunset Strip, were also amazingly accurate - not only in terms of the look and feel , but also in terms of what went on there - as I was there, in both locations, during the 70s.  (The scenes were really shot on location, with current furnishings replaced by what used to be there in 1973.)<br />And, furthermore, all the dialogue was precisely the way we talked in the 70s, as well as what we would talk about.  And, lastly, the music was really what we listened to.   You couldn't avoid hearing Elton John, Led Zeppelin, Neil Young and The Who, among many others.<br />All this amazing accuracy is made possible by the film being an autobiography.  The claims that it is &quot;only semi-autobiographical&quot;, seem on close examination to be mainly for legal purposes, like the disclaimer at the end that all the characters are fictional, when in fact I've met personally more than one of the well-known named personalities in the film.<br />What is remarkable is that Cameron was able to remember so clearly many of the tiny details, details which make the film like a time machine for those of us who &quot;came of age&quot; in the 1970s.<br />It's very satisfying that now the record has been set straight, and that there is finally a true depiction of those times, that are of great significance in the lives of a generation who previously were not even acknowledged as existing!<br />Many thanks to Cameron Crowe for putting us on the map!<br />And please see all the other fine reviews on this page for descriptions of the excellent acting and filmmaking in this production.
B000051VWW|1.0|I bought this CD after two people recommended it.  I was very dissapointed.  I own most of Sade's early works and really enjoy them.  This CD is very down beat and not up to the usual high standards of Sade's other albums.  This one lacks the soulful upbeat nature of previous work.  While I feel her pain, it doesn't sound like her heart was really into this project. I listened to this CD start to finish twice, and honestly don't feel the need to listen to it again.  This album is vague and unremarkable, which is too bad because Sade is a great artist.  I can't recommend this album, I hope her next effort is better.
B0000025P9|5.0|There are a lot of albums that I listened to when I was a teeny-bopper that make me wince now (oh my god... I LIKED that?).  Toto IV is NOT one of them.  Were they a revolutionary band?  No.  But they were masters at their craft and this album proves it.  This is music in the truest sense of the word.  Great lyrics, great tunes and flawless musicianship.  If you liked &quot;Rosanna&quot;, &quot;Africa&quot; and &quot;I Won't Hold You Back&quot;, you will like the rest of this album.  One of few albums in the 80's that was consistently good from beginning to end.
B00004XONN|5.0|Kid A is mindblowing--light years ahead of anything else that's out there (in the U.S.) right now. It's a perfect synergy of raw energy and emotion with an electronica backdrop, occasionally reminiscent of early Pink Floyd but otherwise entirely unique. Fans of O.K. Computer should take to it within a couple of listens, but anyone stuck in the Pablo Honey/The Bends/My Iron Lung E.P. era--brilliant albums though they were--are likely to be disappointed. Nonetheless, Thom Yorke's vocals are still guaranteed to send a chill up your spine, from the beautifully hollow &quot;How to Disappear Completely&quot; to the trance-inducing &quot;Idioteque.&quot; Radiohead's evolution from their early Brit-pop days to today's pioneering, genre-defying sound makes them one of the most criminally underrated bands around...and I hope they stay that way.
0452282152|5.0|I hadn't planned on liking this book. I don't normally read historical fiction, but a friend (who's tastes in fiction are pretty reliable) bought me a copy and insisted I give it a chance. <br />Take a look at the cover of &quot;Girl With a Pearl Earring&quot; and you'll instantly know what impelled Tracy Chevalier to write this book. Vermeer's beguiling portrait (of the same title) begs explanation. Who was this wistful, wide-eyed girl? What was her story? Since little is known about Vermeer, the 17th century Dutch painter, Chevalier's account is largely fictional...but oh, what captivating tale.<br />Reviewers who characterize this book as &quot;dry&quot; or weakly narrated seem to have missed the bigger picture (pun intended). Chevalier's gift lies in her clear, unadorned style. Like Vermeer himself, she paints a simple yet beautiful portrait that is all substance, with little flash. We are instantly drawn into the world of 17th century Holland, and the life of a young girl who, at least in this fictionalized account, serves as the inspiration for what is arguably Johannes Vermeer's most famous painting.<br />As I read &quot;Girl With a Pearl Earring,&quot; I found myself constantly flipping to the front cover to gaze at Vermeer's stunning portrait. The girl in the painting, although historically an unknown model, became Griet...a 17 year old maid with quiet sensibilities and a dazzling, wide-eyed curiosity. I was almost disappointed to learn that Griet was not, in fact, a &quot;real&quot; person, but the product of Chevalier's imagination.<br />Fast readers should be able to swim through this book in a single afternoon, but my recommendation is to take it slow and submerge yourself. &quot;Girl With a Pearl Earring&quot; is meant to be experienced from the deep end.
0312962118|2.0|This book was painful to read. While the plot otherwise would  have been interesting, the sloppy disregard of facts and inattention to detail make the book embarassingly amateurish: 1)How can a one-armed man ride a BMW motorcycle that requires left-handed clutch and right-handed throttle operation?  2)How can he kick-start the motorcycle with the start lever on the right side when BMWs of that era had levers on the left side (to allow for a sidecar on the right)? 3)How can the world's best hand-to-hand combat trainer get beaten up 3 times in 30 pages (once by an untrained, petite girl)? 4)How can someone described as wearing a fine suit and a heavy overcoat be given an injection by rolling up his sleeve?  Quality is in the details, Glenn.
B00000K32J|5.0|I saw a touring production of Lord of the Dance but this video was so much better.  In spite of the fact that Michael Flatley's ego annoys me, I have to admit that he is the best and this performance was one of the most dazzling events that I've ever seen.  It is a souped-up version of Lord of the Dance with a huge stage, a lot more dancers, and more numbers.  I highly recommend it!
B00004XONN|5.0|did not like this one at all in the beginning (but that was in the beginning!)<br />just have patience and soon enough, you'll come to realize the brilliance of this album.  possibly radiohead's finest work!  i'll be waiting for &quot;amnesiac&quot; when it comes out in june, but i seriously doubt that anything will live up to the curiously empty-feeling (yet powerful) kid A.<br />favourite songs: ALL OF THEM!  (yes yes, even treefingers)
0553208845|5.0|I read Siddhartha in high school and picked it up 10 years later finding much more appreciation for Hesse and his simple yet  lyrical meditation on eastern mysticism/buddhism.  The novel is wonderfully accessible to readers of all ages.  If you have read any of other Hesse's novels, the prose in this work is strikingly clean.  He would eventually win the Nobel Prize for Literature for a later novel, The Glass Bead, but this work is more widely read and for good reason.  I have not read the other translations of Siddhartha, but I give my highest recommendation to this one.
B000002V07|3.0|I bought this album based on the song &quot;Into Dust&quot;, which is currently one of my favorite songs.  The rest of the album fell a bit short of my expectations based on that song.  I would describe Mazzy Star as a cross between the Doors and the Cowboy Junkies.  I really like &quot;Fade Into You&quot;, as well as &quot;Into Dust&quot;, but on the whole the album lacks professional production (way too much reverb on Hope's voice--I know this was intentional but I still think it was overdone) and the band is sometimes unable to keep a steady rhythm.  This is one of those albums that's great to listen to a few songs at a time, but can wear on you over the length of a whole album.  I realize my view is in the minority here, so perhaps you either strongly identify with this album or you find it unimpressive.  I still think its worth it just for the two songs I mentioned though...
B000002UDD|5.0|Due to a recent event that occurred in my life, this album has awoken in me the full brunt of its contents. This album IS AN ALL-OUT MASTERPIECE! I used to get the feel for the album's mystery and depth, ONLY. I didn't here the album's power and energy THAT MUCH....ONLY PARTLY. But since this event, I TOTALLY FEEL THE POWER AND ENERGY THAT THIS SUPERIOR ALBUM HAS TO OFFER.  <br />My favorite tracks are 'Into The Lungs Of Hell', 'Set The World Afire', 'Hook in Mouth'...excellent musically and lyrically, but my favorite track in the whole album is 'Mary Jane': this is a superior masterpiece with an incredible instrumental section and superb lyrics and singing. Part of the song is sung by &quot;The Beast&quot; and part by Dave Mustaine. This is a song that definitely deserves the title ....&quot;You Gotta Hear This!&quot; <br />The sound of this album and its guitars is something that I call &quot;music and instrumentals from a beast's gut&quot;, you know, like the beast in 'Mary Jane'. <br />This is a SUPERB, SUPERB, album, and is an album that is DEFINITELY essential for someone looking for a great, hard, Heavy Metal album and is DEFINITELY essential in someone's Heavy Metal collection.
B000002MU3|1.0|REM's &quot;Monster&quot; was very disappointing.  When I got to know REM, thru &quot;Automatic for the People&quot; (magnificent) and &quot;Out of Time&quot; (very good), I then wanted to own everything they'd recorded.  My journey so far:<br />Murmur (uninteresting) ... Life's Rich Pageant (worthwhile) ... Dead Letter Office (worthwhile, fun) ... Document (better, including the great &quot;It's the End of the World as We Know It&quot;) ... Green (I only liked &quot;Stand&quot; and &quot;Orange Crush&quot;)<br />REM has produced some magnificent songs (&quot;Everybody Hurts&quot; ... &quot;Losing My Religion&quot; ... &quot;Man on the Moon&quot; ... &quot;The Great Beyond&quot; ... and maybe &quot;Nightswimming&quot;).<br />I'll likely give &quot;Monster&quot; another listen, maybe twice more, then probably I'll give it to charity.  Maybe it's because I'm old (44) and REM's audience is young - I don't know.  &quot;Murmur&quot; was voted one of the best rock albums of all time, and I didn't like it at all.  Similarly, I am a big fan of Van Morrison, but his famous &quot;Astral Weeks&quot; album I found unappealing.  Go figure.
B000002V0Q|5.0|This album is what got Megadeth popular to all of the masses...and I can see why. This one has got incredible, melodic, flowing guitars, superb, yearning singing, and the songs flow so well from one song to the next. This, like I said in my Marilyn Manson review, is like reading the chapters of a book. Each song is like a chapter in a book, from one song to the next, they blend and continue perfectly and in total syncronousity (is this the correct spelling of the word?) like reading a novel. This IS a MUST-HAVE for any fan of pure, rocking, Hard Rock/Heavy Metal. Each and every song in this album is exceptional. It would be very difficult for me to pick out one song on this album and say that it's my favorite song. That's almost impossible. But, I can tell you what are some great tracks....ALL
B00004TH7Z|4.0|It's been years since Iron Maiden has sounded so vibrant and creative. Brave New World is a fine achievement of quintessential heavy metal songwriting; a return to form for one of metal's preeminent bands. Maiden shows considerable growth here, but the energy captured on this record is nearly concordant with their zenith of intensity (I refer to albums like Piece of Mind and Powerslave). This is the album Maiden fans have awaited for years, ever since they began to lose their fervor with No Prayer for the Dying.<br />So, Blaze Bailey out, Bruce Dickinson in. A good trade, to say the least, but even better with the canny melodic sense and creativity of guitarist Adrian Smith, who also returns. This ups the line-up to three lead guitarists, which might sound excessive, but it's remarkable how well they make it work. The arrangements don't sound cluttered at all, and overall the band handles this approach intuitively. The production is stunning, and succeeds and isolating and preserving the ineffably energy of Iron Maiden's music.<br />As always, Iron Maiden is defined by the impetus of heavy metal's intensity with a shrewd melodic awareness unique among metal bands. The difference is that the band shows considerable progression here. While there are cuts that just ooze the classic Maiden sound (like &quot;Wicker Man,&quot; &quot;The Mercenary,&quot; and &quot;Fallen Angel&quot;), while others explore the band's more ambitious tendencies. Shades of these inclinations have often been evident (&quot;Rime of the Ancient Mariner,&quot; &quot;Seventh Son of a Seventh Son,&quot; &quot;Heaven Can Wait,&quot; for instance), but here the band delves into them farther. Behold the Middle Eastern influences of the epic &quot;The Nomad,&quot; the mix of quiet and loud passages in &quot;Thin Line Between Love and Hate,&quot; and the lush orchestrations of &quot;Blood Brothers.&quot; So, while the band retains their classic feel, they also expand on this with rewarding results. Truly, they are one of the most sophisticated heavy metal bands ever. (Steve Harris does enjoy many progressive rock bands, you know.)<br />My only complaints are that the band sometimes protracted the songs unnecessarily. &quot;Mercenary&quot; and &quot;Fallen Angel&quot; are great, save for the fact that they are too repetitive. &quot;Dream of Mirrors&quot; is, again, a great song, but it should have been 2 or 3 minutes shorter because a lot of it is needless repetition. I'm left thinking that the band was trying too hard to impress at times.<br />Still, despite these complaints, I can't deny that this truly is a recovery for Maiden. Good job boys. (Sweet cover art, too!) Now how about another solo album, Bruce?ly, they are one of the most sophisticated heavy metal bands ever. (Steve Harris does enjoy many progressive rock bands, you know.)<br />My only complaints are that the band sometimes protracted the songs unnecessarily. &quot;Mercenary&quot; and &quot;Fallen Angel&quot; are great, save for the fact that they are too repetitive. &quot;Dream of Mirrors&quot; is, again, a great song, but it should have been 2 or 3 minutes shorter because a lot of it is needless repetition. I'm left thinking that the band was trying too hard to impress at times.<br />Still, despite these complaints, I can't deny that this truly is a recovery for Maiden. Good job boys. (Sweet cover art, too!) Now how about another solo album, Bruce?
B000059R8Y|2.0|I've always had the greatest admiration for Clapton as a Guitarist going back to his days with the Yardbirds, and when he played many of the leads for George Harrison. However his  singing leaves much to be desired and seems to be regressing into low-keyed mumbling. I have his earlier efforts but this one just doesn't cut it!
B000002HK4|5.0|We can thank the bootleg The Dance of Eternity for this fantastic release. The Dance of Eternity was recorded during the I&amp;W tour, and at that show they played &quot;A Change of Seasons&quot; in its entirety. As the bootleg was distributed, demand grew for an official recording of the band's magnum opus. The band finally conceded and released the song a few years later with some bonus live material.<br />This 23-minute track encapsulates Dream Theater's greatness. Emotionally powerful, often heavy, sometimes beautiful, audacious, and technically challenging music. The production here is very good, perhaps Dream Theater's best studio recording from that perspective. More importantly, the band understands how the write a captivating epic that never seems boring...in fact, it's so enthralling that you barely realize it's over. Written in seven movements, the seasons parallel an semi-autobiographical story about growing up and coming to terms with mortality. It is very touching at times, especially with the heart-wrenching licks of Petrucci's solo on &quot;V. Another World.&quot; The virtuosity also makes an impression, especially the lightning fast solo on &quot;IV. The Darkest of Winters.&quot; LaBrie's vocals never miss their mark, and he further establishes himself as one of progressive rock/metal's most emotive singer. What you have here is perhaps the best song by progressive metal's greatest band.<br />The bonus live material is great. It's very cool hearing an Elton John song (of all things) that gets Dream Theater's magic treatment. I'm no Elton John fan, but the cover is incredible! &quot;Perfect Strangers,&quot; (Deep Purple) is a perfectly fitting song for DT to play, while the Led Zeppelin covers and the &quot;Big Medley&quot; are also great stuff. They had a bunch of room left on the disc, so I'm disappointed that they didn't include more songs from this show. I would have liked to see Metallica's &quot;Damage Inc.&quot; and Tori Amos' &quot;Winter&quot; included here, and maybe the excerpts from Yes' &quot;Starship Trooper&quot; and &quot;Siberian Khatru.&quot; Ah well...there's always the bootleg...<br />(Ignore people griping about the covers. Like them or not, it's just bonus material...concentrate on the actual song from which the EP draws its name. It's inappropriate to judge an album based on bonus material.)<br />Quite simply, you cannot qualify as a Dream Theater fan until you add this disc to your collection.t; included here, and maybe the excerpts from Yes' &quot;Starship Trooper&quot; and &quot;Siberian Khatru.&quot; Ah well...there's always the bootleg...<br />(Ignore people griping about the covers. Like them or not, it's just bonus material...concentrate on the actual song from which the EP draws its name. It's inappropriate to judge an album based on bonus material.)<br />Quite simply, you cannot qualify as a Dream Theater fan until you add this disc to your collection.
6304240554|4.0|11 long years after his highly successful directorial debut &quot;Night of the Living Dead&quot; (1968), cinematic horror maestro George Romero unleashed its first sequel, &quot;Dawn of the Dead&quot;, one of those rare continuations that not only equals its predecessor, but even manages to surpass it.<br />The film basically picks up where &quot;Night&quot; left off.  By now the plague of man-eating zombies has all but engulfed the nation and a small band of rebels have managed to fortify themselves inside a Pennsylvanian shopping mall.  However, they are not alone in the mall as they only occupy a small upstairs storage room unknown to the multitude of zombies shuffling through the myriad of department stores below them.<br />That's all I'm going to say about this movie because its such a great film and I don't want to ruin it for anyone who hasn't yet had a chance to view it.<br />I will say this however, &quot;Dawn of the Dead&quot; is certainly not for the sqeamish and those who do not particularly care for horror films.  The amount of gore in the film is often very excessive and the atmosphere maintained in the film is one that is highly unsettling.  True fans of the genre who have not seen this film yet, though, should make a point to see it as soon as possible.<br />If there are any questions or doubts going through your mind as to this film's level of actual &quot;horror&quot;, let me just say this.  Personally, I do not scare easily and very rarely do I ever see a film that actually frightens me or makes me feel uneasy.  However, to date, I have had atleast 2 or 3 nightmares brought about as a result from having viewed Romero's &quot;Dead&quot; trilogy. Both &quot;Night&quot; and &quot;Dawn&quot; are very well made and scary motion pictures, while the third entry, &quot;Day of the Dead&quot;, even though not a bad film, lacks the crucial elements that made the first two films the horror classics they have become.<br />A possible fourth entry in Romero's series of Zombie films has been hinted at for years, but George has stated that it will probably never come to be.  His fans can only wait and hope.ries of Zombie films has been hinted at for years, but George has stated that it will probably never come to be.  His fans can only wait and hope.
B000002BBY|5.0|When Oasis first appeared on the music scene with their debut alubum, Oasis were hailed as the next big thing in rock music. They were. This record, aside from being a wildly popular one, was also one of the best of the decade. &quot;Hello,&quot; and &quot;Wonderwall,&quot; are easily the two best, and &quot;Hello,&quot; almost beats out &quot;Smells like Teen Spirit,&quot; and &quot;Not for you,&quot; as the best song of the decade. They borrow from some of the best artists ever, most notably the Beatles. Oasis have by now pattented their style of music, which draws the listener in with massive hooks and clever vocals. Their music is in top form on this record. It's all worth giving a listen, especially to: &quot;Hello,&quot; &quot;Whats the Story,&quot; &quot;Wonderwall,&quot; and &quot;She's electric.&quot; Though don't bother with the terribly overated &quot;Champagne Supernova,&quot; perhaps the worst song they ever recorded. Overall this is one of the best of the top five, beating both 'Vs.' by Pearl Jam, and &quot;Fear of a black planet,' by Public enemy. Those albums hold places four and five respectivly. But the top two, &quot;Ten,&quot; by Pearl Jam, and &quot;Nevermind,&quot; by Nirvana, are miles oabove all others on the list. Buy this record if you want great contermporary hord rock.
B00003CXB2|1.0|This film is maybe the greatest motion picture ever made.  But if you don't have WINDOWS software, you can't watch this DVD.  Be careful, nowhere in the information provided can you learn this.
B00000J7SS|5.0|This is one of Miles' best albums. His soloing is inspired and exciting. The sound of the music is fascinating--the mix of electric pianos, bass clarinet, multiple drums/percussion, soprano sax and guitar is still unique. The fact that Wayne Shorter was still in the band and playing great soprano sax solos adds a lot to the music.  Despite what other readers have said, I do put this on at the end of a long day to relax, and do not find it particularly disturbing or dark. Compared to other music before and since, it is relatively accessible and conventionally enjoyable.
6300216802|4.0|This much maligned Trek film is actually a lot better than most people give it credit for being.  It takes too long to get going (the scene showing the external view of the Enterprise for what seems like a day and half is hard to sit through) and everyone looks like they're wearing pajamas, but other than that its actually a pretty good movie.<br />It isn't as good as Treks II, III, or IV, but it's light years beyond any Trek movie made after that.  However, it is the most like the original series and will likely go unaprreciated by anyone who didn't like that series. However, ironically fans of the series seem to be its harshest critics.  Star Trek the Motion Picture was released with much fanfare to eager Trekkies who'd been starving for more Trek for over a decade.  As it was, it clouldn't help to be a let down.  But when seen with more realistic expectations it is a enjoyeable film.<br />I would recommend this film to anyone, but Star Trek fans most of all.  I would especially encourage fans of the original series who have seen this film and didn't like it to see it again.  I used to hate this movie too and now I enjoy it much.
B000002MP2|5.0|Come on! Why do people always say Green Day has sold out and that they are not punk! Ok so some of the songs are uncreative....but i would like to see some of the people who wrote one star reviews to do better! In most caeses i would give this cd a 4 star...but i love green day tooooo much to give them any less than 5. i mean they rock! theres also a hidden song on this cd. its soooooo FUNNY! HAHAHAHA! OK BUY THIS CD YO!!!
630242335X|3.0|Star Trek VI is a movie that seemed good when I saw it in the theatre, but which has shown its flaws with subsequent viewings.  This movie had the benefit of following Star Trek V, an absulutely horrendous movie in every possible way, and it seems great by comparison.  But on its own and especially by comaparison to earlier Trek films, it comes up short.  The charm of the old series is gone.  The same characters are there, but the humor, drama are forced.  <br />The story is frequently interrupted for irrelevant and unfunny comic relief.  Star Treks II-IV all had many touches of humor especial IV, and VI tries desperately to recapture that, but the easy going humor that came from banter between Kirk, Spock, and McCoy has been replaced with staged gags which are frequently embarrassing to watch.<br />The story itself is implausible on the surface, in the middle, and on the bottom.  And itstead of real drama and supsense the movie settles for a dry somber score which seems out of place in a Trek film.<br />However, the movie is not without is merits, particulary to fans of Star Trek.  Kirk, Spock, and McCoy are still likeable characters, and the actors give these characters the same charm they always do.  And even if the story is poorly executed, the basic story idea is ultimately sound.  And the film does try to say something worthwhile.<br />Ultimately, I can't recommend this movie to anyone, but it isn't terrible, and it's probablly worth seeing if you like Star Trek.  Even though it deals with the original crew, it will probably appeal more to fans of the newer series that to those of the original series.
B000021XR5|4.0|boy howdy! I read about 9 reviews on this cd saying how it was really bad. COME ON!!!! These guys have been around for a loooong time and they are still doing very good. I like a lot of the songs. but i think i like &quot;glide&quot; &quot;i got you&quot; &quot;atlanta&quot; the best. the rest of the cd still rocks, but these songs are kinda slow and happy. i just thought that was spiffy. well. if your looking for a cd without a lot of cussing ( note there it song in a few songs) buy STONE TEMPLE PILOTS! WHOOO HOOOO THEY ROCK!!! :)
B00003CXN4|5.0|This movie is wonderful. It follows three stories through the war on drugs.  In the first and best storyline, Benicio del Toro plays a mexican cop, who gets mixed up in one of the major druglords of Mexico's powerful cartels.  When he gets in deep the FEA wants him to provide them with information to take down the cartel.  The second story revolves around Michael Douglas, the new drug czar for America.  He gets too invovled in his own work that he doesn't even notice his daughter is fighting her own addiction to drugs.  The last is about Catherinr Zeta-Jones.  She is a wealthy woman married to the perfect husband, so she thinks, until he is busted for running a major drug ring.  She is not used to the lifestyle without money, and all her friends leave her, destroying her future and her son's, not to mention she is pregnant.  Facing all this difficulty she must do something fast, involving her husband's business.  All the stories are believable, and poignant.  The thing I liked about it was that even though the main characters met the same people, they never actually crossed paths.  The stories were predictable, but with drug movies telling basically the same story it is hard to not make it that way.  Even then it is pulled off nicely right before our eyes.  It shows what certain people do with the drug problem, but doesn't give an end all cure all to the problem.  I liked that and many other things about it.  It deserved Best Picture, Gladiator didn't.  Watch this beautiful movie, and you will be changed forever. Spend whatever it takes to obtain it.
B00003CXIP|5.0|This is probably one of the greatest movies of all time, not because of its plot or characters...no...it's because of the perfect balance of the element of reality, the portrayal of the adolescent mind, and the little experiences the characters go through that allow for a very deep and personal connection to exist between the viewer and the screen. Once you start seeing this movie, you are quickly transported to your past (assuming you are now an adult), you begin to live your childhood through the characters, memories flood your psyche, and inevitably you are consumed with nostalgia. An immediate consequence of this is that you, now an adult, are able to achieve an amazing persepctive of your own childhood...you become enlightened...you place yourself in the shoes of these four kids and sit in amazement of the innocence of early life. You begin to think of your childhood from a new frame of reference...the film is enlightning!! This is why it is such an amazing movie!! <br />I do regret some reviewers missing this point and instead criticizing the film for a weak plot (which is completely uncalled for), and finally awarding this movie a rating of less than 5 stars...it's a tragedy if you ask me. If there were a rating of &quot;Perfection&quot;, then this film rightly deserves it.
B000056NX4|1.0|Imagine that the Starlight Express ran over the cast of &quot;Rent&quot; and you have this wreck.  Director Gale Edwards has confused the Greatest Story Ever Told with Barnum and Bailey's Greatest Show on Earth.  This &quot;modernized&quot; interpretion comes complete with images of gang symbols and swastikas.  (Apparently she doesn't think the story of Jesus is strong enough without adding Nazis.)  Poor judgement calls all around:  Judas and Jesus nearly come to blows on the Last Supper table.  Just at the dramatic high point of &quot;Gethsemane,&quot; the music stops.  The crowd in &quot;Hosanna&quot; carries posters that read &quot;Jesus Rules.&quot;  Herod is a Las Vegas lounge singer.  What a foolish, infantile mess.  No doubt the director prides herself on what she must feel is a &quot;boundary pushing interpretation,&quot; but haven't we had enough of this type of 1970s college theater troupe stupidity already?  <br />In trying to bring in every cultural reference to good and evil for the past 2000 years, this otherwise moving drama has been stripped of any subtlety or passion.  The cast moves around the stage a lot, often exchanging affected and overly melodramatic glances, but the whole thing itself goes absolutely nowhere. Except down the drain.<br />As I was watching this, my dog vomited on the carpet.  I couldn't agree more.
B00003CWTI|5.0|I agree that this film was the best film of 1999.  I'm only writing this to try to explain the significance of the frogs for the reviewer who asked for help.  the frogs are there because, like the Hebrews in Exodus, each of the characters in the film is led, in one way or another, out of a life of sin, slavery, etc., into something more like the &quot;promised land&quot;.  The clearest example is Tom Cruise's character, who clearly has been leading a life filled with anger, guilt and denial, and who has an experience with his long lost father which may help him get beyond that to a more fulfilling life.  All of the other main characters experience similar transforming experiences.
B000059R8Y|4.0|Pre-release reports on this CD indicated that Clapton enjoyed &quot;Riding With The King&quot; so much that he wanted to put out a CD of his own in that same style.  Retaining much of the same band, sans BB King, Clapton returned to the studio.<br />While, I find the CD enjoyable, after hearing &quot;Riding With The King&quot;, I was expecting much more uptempo music.  Instead, Clapton brings us a warm, kick back, and relaxed release.  The noted exception is &quot;Superman Inside&quot;, which finds Doyle Bramhall II cutting loose on his guitar and bringing some excitement to the mix.<br />Overall, while this is a decent effort, it is not Claptons best work and falls a notch below &quot;Riding With The King&quot;.  Recommended for quite moments.
020161622X|2.0|The very first tip of this book is worth reading \\"tip 1: care about your craft\\". From there it goes down hill, never really focusing on anything in particular, it tries to be a general guide to good programming practice, but also teeters dangerously on the edge of a self-help guide. \\"tip 5: be a catalyst for change\\", \\"tip 10: its both what you say and how you say it\\".<br />The carpenter analogy is so old and tired. Technology and software development are based on scientific research at the university level, and a lot of really smart people outside academia. If you want to be great, read what they have to say, (and not 2 dweebs who tell you to think about your editor as a plane or saw)<br />There is something disturbing about this book thats hard to pin down. If you're a serious developer you might know the type of programmer this book appeals to. Its usually the sweaty perl programmer with a flannel shirt on in your shop with a lot of philosophies about development. They write 8 lines of impossible-to-maintain hieroglyphic and call it an application.<br />If you're a serious developer working in a current platform like J2EE, don't get this book...its harmful, coming up with pointless new terms like \\"orthogonality\\" which just add more junk terms to the programming community. They also recommend you learn a new language every year, as if it weren't difficult enough to keep up with one enterprise level platform. This book has a very dated quality in that respect. It does get to some current development issues like refactoring, but glosses over them completely.<br />If youre new to programming maybe its a good idea to give it a try. There are a few points that make sense, but if you're not completely hopeless you should eventually discover them on your own.
0767819446|5.0|This movie has it all. Riveting plot, sharp editing, fantastic soundtrack, good acting, absolutely gorgeous photography, and special effects that are so good that you don't realize that they are special effects (the recreation of 1937 Los Angeles). There have been comparisons to The Matrix...The Matrix was all special effects and little else. This movie grabs your heart and soul and takes it for a very thought-provoking ride. It is NOT a rip-off of the Matrix, since it is based on a novel written many years ago, and was in production long before the Matrix was released. Absolutely one of my all time favorites.
6303589162|5.0|I love this movie! It's scary, erotic, suspenseful, a bit campy... and not for all tastes. That's because of the bloody scenes which might turn off some people and the twisted ending. But if you want to see something out of the ordinary, this one's definitely worth watching. There are also some great voyeur/stripping scenes in it. And I love that weird house!<br />The only other movies by Brian DePalma that I've seen are MISSION: IMPOSSIBLE (1996) and MISSION TO MARS (2000), both of which I didn't like. But I've heard he's made a lot of other great movies like this one in the past. I definitely have to check out those movies. And you should check out this one if you haven't seen it.
B00004TH7Z|3.0|Maiden are my favorite Band ever, period. Here are their albums in my favorite Order:<br />1.Powerslave 2.Fear of the Dark 3.Iron Maiden 4.Number of the Beast 5.Killers 6.No Prayer for the Dying 7.Live at Donnington 8.Live after Death 9.Somewhere in Time10.Piece of Mind 11.7th Son 12.X Factor 13.Virtual XI (these last two ones are NOT because of Blaze my least favorites ) <br />So along comes their new album, &quot;Brave New World&quot;. Reunited with Bruce and Adrian, things can't go wrong, or can they? Unfortunately, this isn't the album I hoped they would make. I hoped that they would remember that they are the mighty IRON MAIDEN and not DREAM &quot;look how much breaks we can play, how our songs are overlong and then bow down and kiss our feet&quot; THEATER. I didn't like the last two Maiden albums that much, but not because of Blaze Bayley, the reason was the total unnecessary lenght of the songs! Maiden should realize that they have already written &quot;Rhyme of the acient Mariner&quot; and prooved that they can write a song in these proportions. But who wants that kind of stuff all the time? In my opinion, Maiden were better off when they didn't try it all the time on the much-loathed &quot;No Prayer&quot; and &quot;Fear of the Dark&quot; albums. These two albums are VERY underrated because they show what Maiden should be about. And it ain't following the footsteps of the much-sucking Dream Theater-progressive-crap.<br />Back to the Album, here are 3 songs I would consider MAIDEN CLASSICS: &quot;Ghost of the Navigator&quot;, &quot;Brave new World&quot; and &quot;Blood Brothers&quot;. These songs capture the spirit of Maiden at best. They are fairly complex but not as annoyingly complex as &quot;Dream of Mirrors&quot;, &quot;Nomad&quot; and &quot;The thin line between Love and Hate&quot;. These last three songs proove just what is wrong with this album: Their basical, maiden-like feeling, gets screwed up by too many &quot;look we're progressive&quot; stuff. Nomad could have been a Maiden Classic but 3 Million Solos? That's what I don't like about this record. &quot;The wicker Man&quot; and &quot;Fallen Angel&quot; are good, typical Maiden songs, but not too exeptional. They kinda drown in the sea of brilliant songs that Maiden have written over the years. <br />So in the end, this album isn't exactly Maiden's shining hour but it's alot better than their last two. I'm not in the position to  suggest something to the Gods, but here is what I would suggest if I would be in that position : Don't take the ooh-so-complex song attitude any further. My appetite for this kind of thing was completely fed by &quot;Rhyme of the acient Mariner&quot;. You're about to be missing again by trying to impress that way! Stick to what you do best, and what you have done to perfection on &quot;Powerslave&quot;, &quot;Fear of the Dark&quot; or &quot;number of the Beast&quot;. Progressive garbage just ain't your kind of thing.
0380713802|3.0|Although I find Bill Bryson very amusing and he certainly can &quot;turn a phrase&quot; I found the  content of this book unnecessarily explicit and really too much.  I was listening to it on tape which may have emphasized the inappropriate language and his somewhat juvenile bent toward naming body parts and sex paraphenalia as well as bodily excretions.  It was, however, interesting enough that I did listen to the whole tape but Bill, cut the gratitously offensive language.
B00004YKUY|5.0|I was walking through ******* and happened to look over and see a new Journey CD. Hmmm, Artwork looks like Journey. Hmmm, &quot;ARRIVAL&quot; sounds like Journey. This couldn't be real JOURNEY or could it? &quot;TRIAL BY FIRE&quot; sucked! Steve Perry is gone. Hmmm, Steve Augeri? Hmmm, $13.88? OK, OK, I'll try it out.<br />OK, If this isn't Steve Perry, he's a Steve Perry impersonator, or Steve Perry with an edge, or maybe Steve Perry changed his last name and the joke's on us. AUGERI seems to fit in with SCHON, CAIN, and VALORY anyway. JOURNEY was a good band before Steve Perry you know.<br />At any rate, this CD sounds like it could have been recorded the year following &quot;RAISED ON RADIO&quot;. THIS IS JOURNEY AS JOURNEY SHOULD BE. The music here is a natural progression from &quot;ESCAPE&quot; and &quot;FRONTIERS&quot;. NO - This CD doesn't sound like another &quot;DEPARTURE&quot;, but I was happy to see that style of Jouney's music departed back when &quot;ESCAPE&quot; was released.<br />BELIEVE ME, IF YOU WERE EVER A JOURNEY FAN, PURCHASE THIS CD.<br />JUST WHEN EVERYONE SAYS &quot;NOBODY MAKES MUSIC LIKE THAT ANYMORE&quot;, ALONG COMES JOURNEY'S &quot;ARRIVAL&quot;.
0553213105|5.0|I love this book!  I read it first when I was 11, and hated it. I thought the language was stuffy and the plot contrived.  But then I read it again when I was 15, and it has quickly become my favorite book.  I reread it every few months.  However, those who don't enjoy a fast-paced plotline, beware: the action is slow.  Just make it through the first hundred pages and you'll gobble up the rest. For guy readers, I can only say that this is one of my father's favorite books; whether he is abnormal or just romantic I don't know, but anyhow this is such a good book that it should be required reading!  Also, for anyone who did not like the slow action in the book, you must see the BBC movie with Jennifer Elhe and Colin Firth.  I promise you'll love the book after seeing it (not to mention Colin Firth). Thanks for reading my review; now go read P&amp;P!
6304189508|4.0|My almost two year old grandson loves this tape. I had gotten the Chucklewood Critters tapes for my grand daughter when she was small (she is now a young teen) and she loved them so thought we would try them with this little one. The Chucklewood Critters tapes don't involved alot of violence or really scary parts that would upset a little one and they also teach and tell life lessons. Here it is April and we still have to play this tape over and over again for him. It is a real must buy if you want a nice entertaining holiday tape for your 2-10 year olds.
0960191038|5.0|Barbara Minto has developed a revolutionary method of logical thinking, organization and communication of information.  It takes proposals and presentations to a higher level of intellectal rigor and business communication.  The precision and conciseness engendered by The Minto Principle is particularly effective for top management presentations.  As a former Chairman of the Board of the American Management Association, I have encountered a number of top executives for whom this system made a significant difference.  The careful reading and perserverance required by the Minto Principle creates a chain of logic that enhances the value of your ideas and allows you to think and communicate in a completely new way.
1573225517|4.0|What an excellent book! Nick Hornby has done it again! <br />Hornby paints a clear picture of a guy in his 30's who hasn't quite grown up yet. We are introduced to Rob and his world. Rob, as the narrator and central character, tells us of his girlfriends and what effect they had on his life. The story begins as his latest girlfriend has walked out on him. Rob comes across as a somewhat childish, self-centred guy who hasn't quite grown up... but yet, somehow despite all of that is quite loveable! <br />This book provided me with some insight's into men's minds... if even a little bit of this is true, it's explained a whole lot to me! I believe we've all met someone like Rob.<br />All the rest of Nick Hornby's books are now on my &quot;must read&quot; list.
0446608955|5.0|I just finished A Walk to Remember by Nicholas Sparks, and I must say that it is a great book.I have read every book except the Rescue but so far the Notebook is the best. Ever since that book I have been a fan of Sparks. If an author can make me cry and capture my heart the way he does, he deserves my money. I haven't read a bad book from him. He takes you from Chapter 1 and keeps you captivated until the end!  Trust me, take time to read his books they will change your life!
B0000560RV|5.0|such a great album. i had to spend 5 dollars over my budget in order to get a copy, but it was definitely worth it. the album is psychedelic in scope, yet meticulously crafted, all of which are framed by the lead singer's androgynous voice. i never expected iceland would be such a well of amazing talent; first bjork and now sigur ros.
B00003CXN3|5.0|Michael Douglas' best work is seen in this film.  His portrayal of a haughty politician is undeniably realistic.   Every character involved in this film is marvelously played. Benicio del Toro executes one of the most brilliant acting jobs ever.  His Mexican cop is unforgettable. Catherine Zeta Jones is fantastic as a wealthy Southern California housewife.<br />The direction of this film is marvelous.  It is captivating, and truly gives you the feel of every scene in the film. <br />Traffic is not a movie I would normally have been interested in seeing, but, luckily I saw it.  I was particularly impressed.
B00003CXN4|1.0|Although I agree that this movie has a unique storyline, that's all this movie has.  The writing may have been incredible, but I'm no critic, so I'm not rating this movie on that.  I'm a common moviegoer, so I rated this movie based on entertainment value.  This is quite possibly one of the worst movies I've ever seen.  I was bored multiple times while watching this movie.  Right from the beginning, the storyline was too difficult to grasp.  Even the two friends I was watching this movie with agreed that this movie was the exact opposite of entertaining.  The media may have hyped this movie up, but it definitely did not gain popularity by common word of mouth like most great movies.  I would definitely not recommend this movie to somebody in the mood for watching something entertaining.  The only reason you may want to watch this movie is for it's uniqueness.
B00001OH7Y|5.0|This album may not be as well known as Bowie's Ziggy Stardust, but it is equally as good, or even superior. The style is unique, blending his Low/Heroes/Lodger trilogy with some catchy dance tunes. The voice-morphing on the title track is great, as is the wording (&quot;When I looked in her eyes, they were blue but nobody home&quot;). &quot;Fashion&quot; is a catchy dance tune...that parodies just that, the &quot;goon squad&quot; that only cares about fashion and dancing. I wonder how many people realised they were being laughed at while they danced the night away to the song? &quot;Ashes to Ashes&quot; is an interesting look at Major Tom (tho not as strong an offering as the original). <br />This album is not as hard edged as his early 70s work, but it is not pure fluff as most of his 80s work was. This album has an interesting blend of wonderful guitar riffs, synthesizer, unique vocalizations, and intriguing lyrics. As usual, Bowie is a showman, experimenting with new styles and new direction. This album shows that some experiments turn out brilliantly.
0679736646|3.0|I wonder if the book I read is the same the book the other reviewers read. Same story, it seems, and same characters... But mine was not as good as theirs. Sure, the ideas in this book are great. PKD manages to create a kafkian feeling of being trapped in a world that continues to shift as soon as you turn your eyes. But there is not discipline in the execution of the story. It seems as PKD changed his mind many times while he was writing the story, and never bothered going back and make things consistent (since when Joe Chip loves Wendy?). Maybe what disturbed me was the total lack of attachment  that PKD shows towards his characters. Other reviewers refer to this as \\"characters are not developed enough\\", but my impression is rather that PKD loved more the plot ideas than any of the characters in this book. Except maybe for Runciter...
014028009X|5.0|I thought this book was SO funny, I could hardly put it down.  I am English so I understood all of the jokes and English references.  However, the girl who lent it to me thought it was great also, and she's American.  I'm not sure if I'll enjoy the movie as much, but the book was great.
B0000507R0|5.0|I used to be an avid ELP listener and concert goer, but I haven't listened to them in years.  How wonderful to hear them again in DVD-Audio.  Keith Emerson was pushing the envelop with his MOOG back then, and its amazing to hear him pushing it another way in retirement with this wonderful 5.1 remix.  The style of the music in Karn Evil is perfect for a 5.1 audio system. I should add I only listed to this on a regular (non &quot;Audio&quot;) DVD player without a sub.  If you're interested in checking out DVD audio don't bother waiting to get a DVD-Audio player, the sound is still amazing on a regular DVD player with only 5 speakers.  Though of course you are supposed to get significantly better sound with the higher sampling rate of a DVD-Audio player (as well as separate video clips that are not viewable with a regular DVD player).
0440180295|5.0|Kurt Vonnegut is a GENIUS.  Pure genius.  After reading some reviews of this terrific work, I can understand why he formatted the book the way he did.  He wanted to separate the pure Earthlings from those who have the potential of becoming &quot;unstuck&quot; in time, and then speak to those who could understand and even those Earthlings with the desire to understand.  All of this is Slaughterhouse-speak, but in order to read this excellent piece of work, you must disregard the conventional novel structure.  Let go of your book-reading safety net and let Vonnegut unwittingly spin his tale in the organized and haphazard genius that Slaughterhouse-5 follows.  Those who criticize the outline to which Slaughterhouse-5 adheres simply have not allowed themselves to open their minds to something out of the ordinary...which this book truly is.<br />Billy Pilgrim is a well-developed character, and although the majority of the book is written in third-person, the reader feels as if they are reading a first-hand account.  He becomes &quot;unstuck&quot; in time, as many of us wish we could do and sometimes are able to do within the dark corridors of our psyche, but for Billy Pilgrim, it is via the horrors of World War II and the bombing of Dresden.  But what is truly remarkable is how Vonnegut weaves aliens, time travel, and war stories together without turning off the average anti-science fiction nut.  The story is kept witty and intellectual with the underlying struggle of Billy Pilgrim, and kept fresh by &quot;randomly&quot; (as some people refer to the structure; however, do not take the genius of Kurt Vonnegut so lightly...the structure is easily underestimated, which is a mistake you cannot make when it comes to Vonnegut) jumping in between the different periods of Pilgrim's life.<br />If you doubted this book initially, have another stab at it.  You are missing something crucial, and you are getting caught up in the way in which the book is formatted.  This is an excellent, EXCELLENT piece of literature that can only improve with every reading.nt, EXCELLENT piece of literature that can only improve with every reading.
B00003CWL6|3.0|The script for this film is galactically smart, but the movie really took me by surprise.  I think the film is worthy of a view; however, it is a film that some will hate and some will love.  The fact that Alan Ball was able to hit upon a subject that affects us in such extremes is really a compliment to him.  Having said that, I question the value in a movie such as this one. I don't think it's for everyone.  My recommendation is to read the well-thought out reviews in this section and decide for yourself is this is your definition of &quot;entertainment&quot;.
B00001OH7P|5.0|This was Bowie's first of many concept albums, and it was the best. Davie Bowie is, first and foremost, an experimenter. Over and over again, he experiments with style, with format, with dress, with words, with the internet, etc. Get this CD, and see his most triumphant experiment of them all: a concept album about an alien from outer space, and the Earth's reaction to him/it. <br />I won't delve into the &quot;plot&quot; here, as other reviewers have covered it in plenty of detail. Suffice to say it's an interesting story, and one that is strong in the music, not a loosely woven plot like some of his later works (&quot;Diamond Dogs&quot; and &quot;Scary Monsters&quot;). Every song on the album supports the plot and moves it forward.<br />For this reason, I agree that this CD should not have the bonus tracks that were released on previous versions in the 80s. It is fun to have that music (you've gotta love &quot;John, I'm only dancing&quot;) but they are out of place when you listen to this CD, and shouldn't be placed here. Keep the concept album as Bowie originally intended it.<br />Mick Ronson does a superb job on guitar; you don't hear riffs often any more like the ones in &quot;Hang on to yourself&quot; and &quot;Suffragette City&quot;. <br />There are few albums that have every single track as strong as this one did. Bowie has done some incredible stuff since then, but nothing to match this classic album. He truly does &quot;blow our minds&quot; with the imagery and emotion--sometimes raw, sometimes tender--portrayed in this body of work. <br />Furthermore, this album was the perfect lead in to his follow up, &quot;Alladin Sane&quot;. But that's for another review...
B000003S0K|5.0|Not only is this Brian Eno's first solo effort, it is his best solo effort. The man is crazy, and it's marvellous! It may take awhile to get a feel for the whole album, but don't lose hope. What's you get into it, it's unbelievable and incredibly fun. Like making friends with some crazy folk, you never know what he's going to do. The cover art is also really really cool. If you've never heard Brian Eno before, this is where to start. Enjoy!
1558803602|5.0|The acting was wonderful.  A solid cast with Dreyfuss, Hunter and Goodman.  The messages were potent.  If you're one of those deep thinkers, you'll like those little quiet &quot;meanings of life&quot; messages that are interwoven throughout the movie.<br />Hep, the angel says to Dreyfuss, (paraphrasing) Einstein knew time was a funny thing, but he didn't know HOW funny it was.<br />Surely, this is a reference to Mr. E's famous quote, &quot;To those of us who are committed physicists, the past, present and future are only illusion, however persistent.&quot;<br />&quot;Always&quot; is a movie about perfect, unconditional love.  According to Angel Hep, the only pain we carry with us to heaven, are the memories of the love we could have given away on earth, and didn't.<br />There are many layers to this movie.  It's quite something.
B0000508U6|4.0|I do not like &quot;Yellow&quot; so much and it does not provide a proper representation of the entire album. I bought the album after seeing Coldplay play live at the Brit Awards where they played &quot;Trouble&quot; which is the best song on the album and is nothing like the overplayed &quot;Yellow&quot;. While everyone is comparing this work to Radiohead, Buckley, and Travis, I think that track #8 &quot;High Speed&quot; is something that could have been taken from the Verve's &quot;A Storm in Heaven&quot;.
6303168507|3.0|No doubt a powerful and disturbing film about THE MOST tragic time in humanity, and it broke my heart to see all the mistreatment and the carelessness/complete disregard for human life. I can't help wonder, though, if the story is really credible. Why would a German businessman risk his life and undergo bankruptcy to save people that his very people were against? If this story really is true, I doubt he did so out of the kindness of his heart, but more for reputation-boosting. I expected a lot from this film, after all, it outlines something horrifying and truly a tragedy, but I couldn't help thinking that this film undermined the sensitivity of this subject by including a greedy, selfish, profiteering, womanizing German businessman in the story. I think that if you really want to learn more about the Holocaust, it should not be through films such as this, but through actual real-life documentaries that include no &quot;other&quot; unnecessary characters/stories, but truly tell the real pain, the real hurt and loss of the Jewish people who were treated so badly just because they believed differently from others. Regardless, there were some truly powerful moments in the film: The pictures of the starving prisoners who were forced to strip and be inspected by Nazi doctors, who would determine whether they could work or whether they should be killed. The little girl in the bright red dress, the only color, the only sunshine, in an otherwise gray, dark period of time, the very essence of innocence, and her symbolism later in the film when her lifeless body is wheelbarrowed over to the ever-growing pile of dead bodies that were to be incinerated. When Amon Goeth's young Jewish maid asks Oskar Schindler why he shot an elderly woman who was just passing by, bothering no one, looking at no one; his reply: because she meant nothing to him, she was just one of those people who neither bothered nor pleased him, just that she was just a random person with no meaning to him, wasthe reason why he so cruelly took a life so easily.<br />I do think this film is worth watching, no doubt, but please don't automatically assume you know everything about the Holocaust because you watched this film; this film portrayed life less harshly than life for the imprisoned actually was. Please watch documentaries on the Holocaust, research more through books and legitimate media, if you want the true facts.
B000056NX4|4.0|I watched this last night on PBS (my local public TV station in Los Angeles). It was great! Glenn Carter was wonderful as Jesus: he had power, a great vocal range, and added depth and dimension to the role. The actors portraying Judas and Mary Magdalene were good as well. The staging was updated and interesting. It was like watching a bunch of punkers (the disciples) battle the fascists (the high priests &amp; Pontius Pilate). The lighting, costumes and camerawork were well done. It was a little bizarre seeing back-up singers gyrating in leather and vinyl, but I think the director wanted to update the look of the musical, and she did! I know there are a lot of you out there that prefer the movie version or the original staging, but give this a chance. There's a lot of talent on display here. The music and lyrics are still as awesome and uplifting now as they were when they first were combined 30 years ago. Has it really been that long since Webber &amp; Rice gave us this beautiful gift of a musical?
B000059WOD|5.0|This CD is absolutley AMAZIN' it really is All the tracks are wicked every single one If you are looking for something new then look no further casue all you gotta do is but this casue boy it is fantastic If I could say my favorite track on the album im afraid I couldnt tell you casue they are all so good Sorry if I seem to be a bit bias to Linkin Park but it is just AMAZIN
B000031WD9|5.0|I have seen it 3 times now, and it never fails to make me laugh from beginning to end, especially at certain scenes (like the infamous Internet scene).  I can't believe that Roger Ebert thought &quot;There's Something About Mary&quot; was funny and this movie not.  I finally saw &quot;Mary&quot; and thought it was more gross than funny.  I agree much more with Leonard Maltin, who says &quot;its values are old-fashioned, even if its sense of humor is not.&quot;  This is so true, and I couldn't have said it better myself.<br />What makes this movie so much better than its raunchy predecessors is the following: <br />1) It is extremely well-cast, from the hapless character played by Jason Biggs to the choirgirl played by Mena Suvari (who holds the distinction of starring in BOTH great &quot;American&quot; movies in 1999, &quot;American Beauty&quot; being the other one of course). Eugene Levy was THE PERFECT choice to play the father, and was a brilliant casting move.<br />2) The story, while raunchy, is interesting, believable (very important), very well-paced, and of course, VERY well-written.  I still can't count the number of great lines that pop up at the most unexpected times in this movie.<br />3) The film really DOES have its values in the right place.  Watch it, pay close attention, and you will see exactly what I mean.<br />In short:  great movie, really funny, must see, must own on DVD.  Get the unrated version for the full-throttle effect (oooops, no pun intended- I SWEAR).  One last thing: after seeing it, you'll never be able to hear the words &quot;band camp&quot; again without totally breaking out in laughter.
B000008B01|5.0|I just bought this record today in an obscure record shop in The Hague, Holland. This record is very very beautiful. It sets a mood with very sparse elements. When listening to this record you realise once again that the best music doesn't have to be very complicated. Very, very, very. Thank you very much.
0140177396|4.0|I personally think that this book was a very good book. Unlike the Grapes of Wrath John really opened up my eyes with this book. It opened me to realize that we all can't help what mistakes we make. We can only be responsible for the actions we take. When i read this book i realized that the world is full of racial prejudice. Not only the African American race or the White Race but as well as the Impaired or handicapped.That is why i think this was good book. The best one I have read. The only one i have read this year....
0451169514|5.0|To me, it was a book about childhood, memory and nostalgia. And there is no doubt that it is the King's best I've ever read. If you're going to read this book very soon, just bundle up! 'cause it'll be a wonderful, but emotionally difficult JOURNEY!!
B00003CXB2|3.0|There is a small but noticeable sound synching problem in the first half hour of the movie.  I wouldn't say it ruins the movie, but it seems like an inexcusable mistake in a release of this magnitude.  This was probably the most eagerly awaited DVD of the year other than the upcoming Godfather set.  With any luck, a corrected version will be released.
0790751305|3.0|I really don't get what all the hype is about with this movie.  I was stunned it even won best picture.  As far as Clint Eastwood westerns are concerned, this was near the bottom of the barrell.  The story was difficult to follow and believe, and too pathetic for a western.  The whole movie lacked the teeth of Clint's other gritty westerns.  As far as modern Eastwood westerns is concerned, &quot;Pale Rider&quot; was better and that isn't saying much.  The ending is farfetched and the only good acting in it was done by Gene Hackman.  As far as an Eastwood movie, he's done much better.<br />The academy awards people began a sad trend of giving cheesy-boring movies best picture when they awarded &quot;Unforgiven&quot;.  The only other sad awards to top this one were the ones for &quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot;, &quot;English Patient&quot; and &quot;American Beauty&quot;.  Rent a good-old, Eastwood, spaghetti  western from the 60s and skip this drivel.
B00003CXAR|5.0|This DVD has everything if you love Jaws!  The extra footage is massive!  All of the inner workings - or malfunctions - of the shark are presented here.  <br />The movie itself is classic.  I remember being so scared of the water after seeing this movie.  The acting/directing here is superb, and the shark itself is terrifying.  Now, I know there are those that will say that the shark looks too fake or that it doesn't show up enough.  However, have you ever seen &quot;Deep Blue Sea?&quot;  Jaws is everything that &quot;sea&quot;  isn't.  The absence of the shark actually builds the suspense in the movie.  This movie is incredible and the extra features make this an incredible DVD purchase!
B00000AFFF|4.0|I must have a thing for conventionally unattractive British White men; Eric Clapton is one of the sexiest men on Earth.  But, sorry, Slowhand--EC--Elvis Costello--is God.  <br />Costello has run the gamut: he was the angry nerdy punk who made big glasses and skinny legs sexy, and has flipped the musical bird for years with his emotionally charged albums. With Burt Bacharach, he's managed to put aside the bile and vitriol and turn into a delightful singer; the growl is gone, replaced by playful, flirting, pain ridden voice that hits notes no one thought he could.  After getting used to Costello's voice from his earlier albums, I learned to find his tendency to sometimes be just a little flat charming--but he's firmly on pitch throughout this album(sorry, that's a bit of the singer in me coming through).  &quot;The Juliet Letters&quot; gave fans a taste of just how gentle he can be, but Burt brought out the softie in Costello with this album, just as Costello gave Bacharach's music a little wicked smartness in kind.  The muted trumpets, mournful violins with Costello's snappy lyrics (I have to pause here--&quot;Such Unlikely Lovers&quot; with the line &quot;I'm not saying that there will be there be violins/but don't be surprised if they appear&quot;--and then they appear!--come on, folks!  Is that not just brilliant!?) and Bacharach's spiralling glissandos are the product of a match made in heaven.  It seems that the collaboration was inevitable with the direction in which Costello is going in his climbing age, becoming a kinder, gentler artist.  Highlights are &quot;Toledo&quot; (again with the muted trumpets--how Bacharach is that riff in the intro?), &quot;My Thief&quot;, &quot;Tears at the Birthday Party&quot;, &quot;The Sweetest Punch&quot; (I love &quot; the bell goes...&quot; and then you hear the bells--another lovely example like in &quot;...Unlikely...&quot;) and &quot;God Give Me Strength&quot;, an anthem of any hopelessly heartbroken person if ever therewas one.  <br />There are a few songs that don't quite gel, but the rest of them more than make up for it.  People hearing Elvis Costello for the first time will not at all get a clear representation of who he is, but die hard fans will appreciate the openness he's showing with this project and the grace with which he is embracing a new phase of his career.  Absolutely gorgeous.
0385334206|5.0|This is the story of two skinny old white guys &quot;on a planet that was dying fast.&quot;  We watch Dwayne Hoover, the insane used-car dealer, and Kilgore Trout, the brilliant but almost completely unknown writer and installer of vinyl siding, drawing nearer and nearer to each other as the story progresses.  But there's another skinny old white guy drawing nearer too.  <br />One of the late 20th century's true masterpieces.  Read it, again and again.
B00000099Y|5.0|Tool's album AEnima showcases in an age of shock, pop, and boy bands, that an album is the combined effort of every member. In such various TRL bands as Korn, and Limp Bizkit, drums are used only to increase a songs pop/catchy factor. Danny Carey (Tool's Drummer) does not just keep a beat, he goes on a solo, or goes into a long playing streak on his many, many symbols. You can feel Justin's bass during every AEnima's many songs, whereas Korn's bass just makes a clicky sound. 7 people or so gave this album a one star review and (for the most part) cited that Tool fans were posers for liking them alot, and thinking they are total, hardcore metal. How wrong is that. My Tool friends and I have always considered Tool a thinking man's post grunge-alterna prog. Maynards lyrics touch deep. His voice could shatter glass at times, and others, lull a baby to sleep. This album is the epitome of Tool's short career. I suggest you pick it up and listen to it all the way through.
6305972591|5.0|One word for COC?  Creepy!  Almost 20 years later this movie is still terrifying.  The premise is absolutely terrifying.  Children taking over a community in some warped religious backdrop.  But why is it so scary?  That kid who plays Malachai!  Pure evil.  Even Christopher Walken would shudder!
B00000JJQK|5.0|Pet Sounds is one of those albums (like Sgt. Peppers, Born To Run or Exile On Main St.) that have been reviewed and analyzed to death.  But the reason why it has garnered so much critical attention is that it truly one of the most original and groundbreaking albums in rock history.  Brian Wilson had spent the previous few years writing and producing magnificent singles, but had yet made a truly great album.  Spurred on by The Beatles' Rubber Soul and his idol, Phil Spector, Mr. Wilson set about to make an album that raised the bar on what could be achieved on a pop album.  He succeeded on every level.  Pet Sounds is one of the most literate, intricate and lavishly produced albums ever released.  The other band members were limited to just providing vocals on the album as Mr. Wilson employed studio musicians to provide the music.  Despite this fact, the band never sounded better as they provide the luscious harmonies that make the songs practically float out of your speakers.  The songs were no longer about surfing and cars, but about more mature relationships and growing up.  &quot;Wouldn't Be Nice&quot; is a beautiful song about wanting to get married that hit number 8 on the charts, &quot;You Still Believe In Me&quot; is an airy number about a woman standing by her man, &quot;Don't Talk (Put Your Head On My Shoulder)&quot; is another gorgeous melody and &quot;Sloop John B&quot; is a traditional song that was the album's biggest hit peaking at number 2.  &quot;I Just Wasn't Made For These Times&quot; is another brilliant introspective number from Brian Wilson and &quot;Caroline No&quot; is a beautiful ballad that closes the original album out and was actually released as solo recording by Mr. Wilson.  &quot;God Only Knows&quot; is perhaps the most heartbreakingly beautiful song the band has ever recorded and is the essence of the album.  Carl Wilson gives his hands down best lead vocal and the song is a virtual symphony.  Pet Sounds was not a big hit in the US, peaking at number 10, as Americans wanted songs about sun and fun in the sun.  But in England, the album was a huge success peaking at number 2 and blew the minds of the British musicians.  One in particular, Paul McCartney called it the greatest album ever made and it was The Beatles' inspiration for recording Sgt. Pepper's.  Brian Wilson tried to top Pet Sounds with Smile, but that album was never to be.  Pet Sounds stands as The Beach Boys greatest album and one the best of all time.king at number 10, as Americans wanted songs about sun and fun in the sun.  But in England, the album was a huge success peaking at number 2 and blew the minds of the British musicians.  One in particular, Paul McCartney called it the greatest album ever made and it was The Beatles' inspiration for recording Sgt. Pepper's.  Brian Wilson tried to top Pet Sounds with Smile, but that album was never to be.  Pet Sounds stands as The Beach Boys greatest album and one the best of all time.
0449911357|5.0|I read this book years ago and just made me laugh, cry and feel great about life.
0812550757|5.0|Ender's Game is an excellent book.  Speaker for the Dead is a great book.  Card continues the Ender story in a mature and sophisticated way, while keeping his fundamental ideas clear.  Interestingly, while Ender's Game can be read and appreciated by fairly young children, Speaker for the Dead is intended for older readers.  The only thing I did not like about this book was it's detailed and generally irrelevant description of an imaginary Catholic sect.
B00000IL1K|1.0|I'm a huge fan Sarah Brightman fan, but this CD is a stinker. Save yourself a trip to the trash and pass on this dog.
B00004YKUY|5.0|The production on Arrival is very clean, yet not overly so. I have heard many comments on Kevin Shirley's (producer) work here. It is indeed very well done. Every Journey fan remembers cruising around on summer days listening to their Greatest Hits album over and over. I get the same vibe from Arrival. Not one song 'really' stands out, but as a whole this CD is great as I am comparing it to Journey's Diamond Awarded (10 million plus copies sold) GH's album. I guess one song doesn't stand out as the clear best when they are all equally good. Personal favorites are &quot;Live and Breathe&quot;, &quot;We Will Meet Again&quot;, &quot;World Gone Wild&quot;, and &quot;Kiss Me Softly&quot; Many fans may have 'forgotten'  Journey during their 10 year hiatus and Trial By Fire couldn't lure them back...ARRIVAL will. At least give it a listen. I think you'll be glad you did.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Okay Blink is the best punk band from the sweet city of San Diego!!!If you are really old and don't like rock do not by the CD but if u are my age or older BUY THIS CD!!!!!!has barley any cusse words if u freak out about that!it is way I recomend It.***** stars even ****** stars!!!!!!!!!!!!
B00003W8NM|5.0|This is one of the greatest movies I have ever seen.  Both Pitt and Norton are absolutely ON THE MARK!!  I have seen it several times (everything it is on HBO), but bought the DVD.  The DVD is great -- wonderful commentaries.
B000006TRV|5.0|Not only does this CD keep you alert, because every song is unique, it also makes you think. From the acousting &quot;Hey you&quot; to the well-known &quot;Another Brick in the Wall&quot; each song has a lot of meaning. You can listen to this CD in two ways, you can just enjoy the talent that went into the music, or from the extreme Pink Floyd fan's view, and recognise the amazing symbolism in these songs.
6304873441|5.0|The history of the _Real __ Anastasia  is just blah blah she dies a sad ending ,but this is way better Anastasia didn't have to be a certian age smarty pants I mean her being 8 years old sworda added a touch of class and the music just touched my heart Poka was sooooooo cute ! The end is not chessie i agreed with that boy \ girl who said that pepole who hate it should go to the mental hospital ! I mean Anya / Anastasia was jusst gorgeous and Dimrti was funny ! Pepole who like this movie I agree with you 1 ,2 and some 3 star pepole get a life ! Wake up 1,2 and some 3 star pepole wkae up this is the 90's it doesn't have to be like the history and disney movies are good like ,The little Mermaid,Lion King 2 , Lion king , Pochantoas,and 102 dalmatians are very good belive me they are it's just that I think Anastasia is top of the line . Bye
0425170349|1.0|I have enjoyed most of Clancy's books, especially liking his characters Jack Ryan &amp; John Clark. Normally, I would give a Clancy novel 3 to 5 stars. This one, however, doesn't deserve that many. <br />In order to showcase elite anti-terrorist training, he invents a bunch of eco-terrorists, modeled after the Red Brigades of decades past. Clancy uses this vehicle to preach the anti-environmentalist rhetoric that our current &quot;president&quot; espouses. While I have not come to expect a progressive, or even a &quot;Liberal&quot; viewpoint from Clancy, it surprises me that he stooped to illegitimate smear tactics. Had he bothered to do even a little bit of research, he would have found that eco-terrorism is a construct perpetrated only by those who wish to marginalize the environmentally concerned. Congratulations, Mr. Clancy, you have continued the smear campaign. Your Corporate Masters must be quite proud of you. <br />The novel is too long--I got the impression he was getting paid by the word. The action scenes continue to be dramatic although formulaic. This will probably be the last Clancy book I read--he isn't producing anything really new, but I can return to Patriot Games, Hunt for Red October, and Without Remorse; although perhaps Mr. Bush will make Red Storm Rising relevant again.<br />Three stars for story, none for character development, negative stars for becoming a propoganda instrument. If I could give fewer than one star, I would. Buy something else--you deserve value for your money. <br />(If you have strong feelings about this review, please click on the  &quot;about me&quot; link above &amp; drop me an email. Thanks!)
B00005ATQH|4.0|While the film is ostensibly about a girl named Lolita, it is instead about two ageing males, trying, in the final gyrations before their own deaths, to at least be tragic.  The book could just as easily be called Humbert and Quilty, without losing anything.  Lolita the character does not serve as much more than as a plot device, and as a point of conflict between the two megalomaniacal antiheroes.<br />Lolita as a book is altogether too grand to be made into a two hour film.  The decsion to select only the story of HH &amp; CQ makes much more sense than an attempt to tell the story in a narrative fashion (as Lynne attempted).  The man v. man conflict is by far a superior plot to be adapted to film than the man v. self conflict, or girl v. machinia also found in the book.  It is dramatic, rather than introspective, and plays far better on the screen.<br />What happens in this film that does not keep exactly to the novel is that someone who truly loves the book can still enjoy it.  Instead of trying simply to tell the story again, it expands upon one a subplot.  It is by far the superior of the two adaptations.
B000002HRE|1.0|The term of &quot;shallowness&quot; is the best way to describe this album. There isn't much more that I can say about this. I couldn't catch anything while listening this cr@p called &quot;load/reload&quot;. The main reason is that this album doesn't have any musical direction. The overall sum of the songs on this album is Zero. <br />After buying &quot;reload&quot; (Big Mistake) after listening to it for 2-3 times I throwed it away and returned to my pre-Black collection. <br />For me &quot;Justice for All&quot; was Metallica's last real record. The following titles simply don't mean anything to me.  <br />I rate Metallica albums as follow:<br />#1- Master of Puppets #2- Ride the Lightning #3- And Justice for All #4- Kill'em All -------------------------------------
014028009X|4.0|Reading this book brought a smile to my face on just about every page. Fielding does a number of things amazingly well within this short novel: she creates full-blooded characters (though, some straining credibility with their respective eccentric behaviors!); she writes superbly, with her heroine's dry wit, non sequitors, and similes being roll-on-the-carpet hilarities; and she captures the plotless scramble of life and relations like a camera. This is a very funny novel which also is unexpectedly touching and warm; this is no bimbo's rant like some other, more &quot;serious&quot; novels (Amy Tan's Kitchen God's Wife comes immediately to mind).<br />Salman Rushdie wrote admiringly of this book: &quot;Even men will laugh,&quot; and as a man--last time I checked anyway--I can attest to that. This, along with Terry McMillan's Waiting to Exhale, has to be the funniest novel on the gender wars written from the female perspective.
B000001A3H|5.0|If you're unacquainted with Kyuss, this is the place to start getting acquainted; Blues for the Red Sun is more mature and deep than Wretch, but not quite as psychedelic and sprawling (in terms of track length) as Kyuss (Welcome to Sky Valley).  Ignore the constant comparisons to Black Sabbath -- Kyuss rocks more than Ol' Man Ozzy could ever dream of rocking.  In fact, Kyuss rocks more than pretty much anyone could ever dream of rocking, and the same can be said of this record.<br />&quot;Thumb&quot; starts off with a quiet but ominous riff and slowly builds to a bludgeoning swirl of guitar, bass, drum, and visceral vocals.  Kyuss only lets up sporadically throughout the rest of the album, playing softly just long enough to lull the listener into a comfortable position and then -- WHAM! -- they assault you with thunderous guitar riffs, explosive basslines, and pounding drums.  It's truly something you have to experience to appreciate.<br />A lot of people criticize John Garcia's vocals as &quot;unoriginal&quot; or &quot;unimportant.&quot;  Maybe singing and lyrics were (and are) not the point of Kyuss; still, his vocals add quite a bit to the songs.  What would &quot;Thumb&quot; be without John Garcia's primal roar?  What would &quot;Allen's Wrench&quot; be without his grabbing yells?  What would &quot;Thong Song&quot; be without him?  John Garcia is a vital component of the music and truly an underappreciated singer who can do it all with his voice.<br />Another incredible thing about this record is that the band members were in their late teens and early twenties when this was recorded.  Josh Homme, Kyuss' guitar god and primary songwriter, was a mere nineteen.  To write music this complex (music that puts practically every other artist out there to shame) at nineteen is unbelievably.  Josh Homme (as well as Brant Bjork, the wonderful drummer) is truly one of the best artists out there now.  Before he's done, he may be this generation's answer to Stevie Ray Vaughan, Hendrix, Clapton, and Page.<br />Another criticism about this album is that it's heavy on instrumentals.  While it's true that almost every other song is an instrumental (or close to one), the instrumentals serve as bridges between the other songs, as well as some of the album's most interesting pieces.  Try not to like &quot;Apothecaries' Weight,&quot; I dare you.  Try to tell me that &quot;800&quot; is a throw away track.  The instrumentals are great, just like everything else on here.<br />As for standout tracks, everything here rocks.  When I first bought this record, I hated &quot;Thong Song.&quot;  Now it's possibly my favorite song.  It starts slow and turns into one of the most crushing songs on the record.  &quot;Freedom Run,&quot; &quot;Mondo Generator,&quot; and &quot;Thumb&quot; are other top picks that'll have even the most steadfast music fan rocking out.  <br />To sum it up, this album is very highly recommended.
B00003CXE6|3.0|The more I think about this movie, the more I think Ridley Scott deserves to be dope-slapped with a bloody sandal.  OK, for the record, I have seen both the DVD and the cinema version and I agree with all the technical praise heaped on the movie. Like Blade Runner (a much better all-round movie), the Matrix and Brazil this is another great mood-piece.<br />On the down side, this was a movie that had many many massive logical flaws in the plot, some of the dialog was dreck and the depiction of Roman society, Roman army weapons and tactics and Roman politics &quot;Gladiator&quot; offered was less accurate than Asterix the Gaul. Actually, that's an insult to Goscinny and Uderzo since they genuinely had affection for those times.<br />The following are my pet peeves: Why does it only take Maximus a few days to get from Germany to Spain on one horse?  Realistically it would have taken at least two weeks (no airbus in those days guys).  Why do the slavers take him to Morocco (Another long land trip, a sea journey and valuable water resources on the walk through the desert?)  Was that the only place in Ridley Scott's ancient world where you could sell an anonymous guy?  The list of annoying inconsistencies goes on but I will only bore you with a deconstruction of the now-famous battle scene at the beginning of the movie.<br />If you just wanted to watch a bunch of guys hack at each other in the mud, then the opening battle scene was great. As I said, it was beautifully filmed and produced, but why did the commander of the entire army place himself (with no staff, bodyguards or signallers) at the head of a cavalry unit which was supposed to outflank the enemy and attack downhill from the rear?  Hello? can any one say &quot;chain of command&quot;?  Why did the Germans obediently line up on the edge of the wood so the Romans could mow them down with arrow-fire?  Germans were renowned for sneaking up on people through the woods and then ambushing the pursuit (e.g. the destruction of Quintillius Varus' three legions in Teutoberg Forest in 9 AD). Why did the Romans fire all those fire arrows and flaming siege-engine bolts at the Germans?  There was nothing to set fire to (no houses, defensive works etc).  Why did the Romans not follow standard battle practice and obliterate the first ranks of the Germans with their heavy javelins (pila) before the Germans closed?  The answer to all these questions is the crux of my complaint against &quot;Gladiator&quot; and why I think it only deserves three stars:  <br />Historical accuracy and dramatic integrity were sacrificed at every turn so the movie would &quot;look good&quot;.  This is OK if you are doing fantasy, or a NIKE commercial, it's even OK for dramatic licence if it aids the story, but the needless underlining and heavy-handed plot structure(Roman Army general, good, evil emperor, bad) totally reduced Gladiator from what it could have been (a thoughtful look at power, war and charisma) to a simple-minded WWF spectacle in Roman Drag.  Those &quot;Nubian&quot; charioteers were also extremely hokey and stupidly &quot;exotic&quot;.<br />Needless to say, this movie came nowhere near to being the Best Movie of 2000 in my humble opinion.
B00004LN16|3.0|i've heared the album twice and have read the other reviews. i'm convinced that John should take a break and go to have his throat revised,and Phil must buy some Led Zepplin records to learn how to hit the drums. so, this ablum is a good one in songwriting but it sucks the performance. you see: 25 years doing a same album this is something really..... if i have good memory, ACDC never wins any academic prize,and that's good: no artist should waste 25 years to continue a Genius record long-session to make a string of 12-disc-packed album.
0792833236|5.0|Martin Scorcese did a terrific job of directing The Raging Bull starring tremendous super-star Robert De Niro as prizefighter Jake La Motta. This film is about a Jake La Motta a prizefighter that suggested a motto, \\"You didn't get me down, Ray\\"- La Motta to Sugar Ray Robinson, this was a constant theme throughout the entire movie in my opinion. La Motta was a fighter and person that never got knocked down. He ends up as a terrible comedian that still was not kncked out by a final blow. This movie also has young Joe Pesci and Cathy Moriaty playing fine roles.  This is by far one of the best movies ever made. The Black and white with the color home video was a fantastic touch. I also love the constant theme music played throughout the movie. It gave me a weird feeling.
6305428557|4.0|This is the kind of movie you are happy to have discovered. Hugh Grant is charming as a young English who tastes more and more being admitted among this little Welsh community. Tara Fitzgerald delivers a colorful performance and her spontaneity contrasts well with the dark period of history the movie is set in. You want to be a part of this tiny world hidden against this hill, sorry...this mountain. Every character offers the best you can expect. This movie is tasteful and romantic you will laugh and cheer, you will buy it and keep it for a very long time.
B000001EEN|5.0|The guitar playing during this show is pure power.  After midnight sent my me spinning.  Bell Bottom Blues left me shaking my head.  This is truly one of Eric's top performances.  Thanks Pete for pulling him out of seclusion for this show.
B00004TH83|5.0|After viewing Lara Fabian's performance on public television, I had to purchase the CD. I was a bit surprised reading Courtney Kemp's review, as Lara Fabian is anything but bland in her vocal styling and delivery. As for stating the CD would be a good gift for a 13-year old, I doubt many 13 year-olds would appreciate perfect-pitch, lush orchestrations, 4-5 octave range, and lyrics sung in Italian - especially when most in that age-range are accustomed to the pre-teen pop of today. Lara ranks up there with Streisand in the sheer power, range, and emotion of her voice. &quot;Adagio&quot; sung in Italian is anything but a &quot;softie&quot; - it's a passionate piece that boils over in pure emotion in the closing bars. Lara moves easily from pop, to soft rock, to jazz, to near-operatic. Anything but bland! Buy it and play it again and again.
0525945636|3.0|As a &quot;Baby Boomer&quot;, I can recall the race to keep up with the Soviets in the inital forays into outer space.  I can remember Sputnik, &quot;Mutnik&quot; (the one with the dog) and all the other &quot;-utniks&quot;.  I recall that Explorer was a real turning point for the American space program. One in which we really crossed the Rubicon in the space race.  The pressure on the U.S. was enormous.  The launch of Explorer was delayed a couple of times. This latest effort by Ken Follett gives a &quot;what if&quot; scenario to what might have been.<br />&quot;Code to Zero&quot; is maybe a little short on depth of plot, but leave it to Follett to pack in the suspense and keep it moving.  The flashbacks, as Luke works on regaining his memory, tell a nice tale in themselves.  They show the idealism of college kids in the early 1940s and how that changes into bloodthirstiness in the early 1960s.  It seemed like &quot;spook&quot; became the occupation du jour for these folks.  And maybe that was a bit of a reach.  One strong point, to my mind however, was the characterization.  Anthony is completely Machiavellian as the villan.  I especially enjoyed - and rooted for - the relationship between Bille and Luke.  Maybe it was that naivete that the good guys should always win and nice guys will always get the girl - neither of which is necessarily true.  Still, I think their relationship was touching the way it was told in flashback and, in the present, it was the hinge that the book turned on.  As a scientist, I also have to tell you that I found the little snippets about the rocket, that Follett stuck at the begining of each chapter, down right fascinating.<br />Still, there were, shall we say, some inconsistencies.  For example, I live in Northern Virginia and I can honestly say that I have never heard of the local police force in the Nation's Capital referred to as the Washington Police (It's the D.C. Police).  Also, and this was more grevious to me, I can remember sitting up in July 1969 and watching the adventure that was Apollo 11 - not 1968 as Follett sets it in his epilogue.  In July 1968, the Nation was mourning RFK and Dr. King.  Armstrong, Aldrin, and Collins weren't even known.  Still, while this was not Follett's best, it wasn't his worst either, and I think it would make a good beach read.
B00004Z4WQ|5.0|There are \\"Clever Spoofs\\", like the Austin Powers films, and then there are \\"Silly Spoofs\\", like the Naked Gun films. \\"Scary Movie\\" is in the Latter Category and it's the best one in Years. The Timing was the key to the films success as the recent crop of Teen Slasher flicks had yet to be Spoofed.<br />The Exuberant Young Cast are all Natural Born Comedians and they make the most of every joke. Their Comedic Timing is Impeccable and they Obviously don't mind poking Fun at themselves. Shannon Elisabeth proves she has More than just Looks, as she gives one of the films Best performances. Shawn Wayans also proves himself as talented (if not More talented) as his more Famous brothers.<br />It's not just the Young stars that Shine in the film, some of the Older Supporting cast teach the young ones a Thing or two. Rick Domecian (as Cindy's Father) can't open his Mouth without causing a laugh, and Kurt Fuller (as the Police Chief) gives the Funniest role of his Career. <br />The Writing is as good as Any spoof, but the Performances bring out the best in the Script. When the film sticks to spoofing the \\"Scream\\" series and \\"I Know What You Did Last Summer\\", that is when the writing works best. This DVD also features a bunch of Deleted Scenes that are all Hilarious, why they were cut from the film is Beyond me.<br />A Great Comedy should be rated on how much it makes the audience Laugh. On this scale, \\"Scary Movie\\" deserves an 11 out of 10.
0684853523|3.0|On Writing is well written, but I don't think it is helpful.  I wanted to know where his ideas come from.  The book is autobiographical and does offer revision strageties.  <br />First, he stated that he doesn't know where his ideas come from.  They just pop up out of nowhere without any real basis.  However, he discusses two girls he knew of growing up.  They are who Carrie is based on, and he admits it.  He discusses an overgrown lot that formed an idea.  And there is an incident where a crazy fan found his way into King's house.  However, he never gives credit to this incident for Misery.  <br />The book does offer autobiographical information.  I feel like I know his brother.  And I know that he really isn't a twisted individual.  His life has been fairly boring.  Maybe that's why some of his ideas are so off the wall.  <br />Gould, a newspaper editor said, &quot;When you write a story, you're telling yourself the story...when you rewrite, your main job is taking out all the things that are not the story.&quot; In class, students had been arguing that they write stories without regards to the reader. Well, King agrees with this philosophy for first drafts. He calls it writing with the door closed. No one sees his first drafts and he doesn't read through them himself until it is finished.<br />On Writing is a good book.  Don't expect it to show you how to write.  The talent and need must already be present.  Otherwise, save your money and buy and actual textbook or enroll in a writing course.  However, if you just like King and his work, check this book out.  It's a nice, smooth, fast read.
6305627347|5.0|When I first went to see it I didnt know what to expect. I knew that they were probaly gonna have alote of curse words in it(it did, 399 curse words) and I knew that they were probaly gonna afend some people( which it did, like Canada. But when it started the first thing i did was laugh! Emedietly they started off with stan singing a song about the town. (Its a musical.) Then the hole theater started cracking up too. It was full of songs, and horror, and commity.  And near the end they showed Kenny whith out his hood on. I went back to see it 2 more times.   I would sudjest this movie to true South Park fans. And you really need to have a good sence of humer.
0684853523|3.0|On Writing is well written, but I don't think it is helpful.  I wanted to know where his ideas come from.  The book is autobiographical and does offer revision strageties.  <br />First, he stated that he doesn't know where his ideas come from.  They just pop up out of nowhere without any real basis.  However, he discusses two girls he knew of growing up.  They are who Carrie is based on, and he admits it.  He discusses an overgrown lot that formed an idea.  And there is an incident where a crazy fan found his way into King's house.  However, he never gives credit to this incident for Misery.  <br />The book does offer autobiographical information.  I feel like I know his brother.  And I know that he really isn't a twisted individual.  His life has been fairly boring.  Maybe that's why some of his ideas are so off the wall.  <br />Gould, a newspaper editor said, &quot;When you write a story, you're telling yourself the story...when you rewrite, your main job is taking out all the things that are not the story.&quot; In class, students had been arguing that they write stories without regards to the reader. Well, King agrees with this philosophy for first drafts. He calls it writing with the door closed. No one sees his first drafts and he doesn't read through them himself until it is finished.<br />On Writing is a good book.  Don't expect it to show you how to write.  The talent and need must already be present.  Otherwise, save your money and buy and actual textbook or enroll in a writing course.  However, if you just like King and his work, check this book out.  It's a nice, smooth, fast read.
B00000IPAX|1.0|Blink 182 and punk don't belong in the same sentence. If eleven and twelve-year-old trendy girls are at your concerts, you're not punk. What an awful CD.
0783229100|5.0|\\"The Sting\\" is an extremely well written story by David Ward (\\"Major League\\", \\"Sleepless in Seattle\\") and David Maurer about some smalltime grifters who attempt to swindle a mob boss.  The film was nominated for ten Academy Awards in 1974 and won seven Oscars including Best Picture and Best Director.  It reunited director George Roy Hill, Robert Redford and Paul Newman four years after their blockbuster, \\"Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid\\".  Strangely, although Butch and Sundance made it to number 50 on AFI's top 100 of the century, this film did not make that list.  This is even more surprising since \\"Butch\\" did not win the Oscar for Best Picture in 1970 (\\"Midnight Cowboy\\" won it that year).<br />While I think \\"Butch\\" is funnier and more exciting, this film is more intriguing with interesting character studies and some unpredictable plot twists.  Hill does a superb job of weaving the elements of the caper together and giving it a depression era feeling.  The humor is more ironic than hilarious, but it fits the story well.  The period props, locations, and sets are excellent, and the costumes are perfect.  The costumes were done by the legendary Edith Head, who designed costumes for over 400 films in her 50-year career.  She won an Oscar for best Costume Design for this film, which was one of eight she won in that category in a career marked by an astounding 34 Oscar nominations.  The music by Scott Joplin and Marvin Hamlisch is also fabulous, bestowing an early twentieth century flavor on the film, and giving Hamlisch one of three Oscars he won that year (the other two were for \\"The Way We Were\\" also starring Redford).<br />Where \\"Butch\\" was probably a little more Newman's film, this film clearly belonged to Redford.  Redford, who was nominated for best actor for the role, is marvelous in the lead, giving his character a charming, lighthearted personality to go along with his scheming intellect.  Newman plays almost a supporting role as the veteran conman Henry Gondorff, who assembles the team for the caper and oversees its execution.  Despite the smaller part, Newman gives an electrifying performance with his conniving tough guy portrayal.  Robert Shaw (\\"From Russia With Love\\", \\"A Man For All Seasons\\", \\"Jaws\\") is also terrific as mob boss Doyle Lonnegan.  Charles Durning (\\"The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas\\"), Ray Walston (TV's \\"My Favorite Martian\\") and Eileen Brennan (&quot;Private Benjamin\\") round out a splendid supporting cast with fantastic character portrayals.<br />This film is entertaining and fun with a tight plot and wonderful period renderings.  I rated it a 10/10.  If you have never seen it, you are in for a treat.
6305781427|1.0|I have been a Yanni fan for quite some time, have all of his recordings, and the VHS version of &quot;Live at the Acropolis.&quot;  I have watched and listened to the VHS tape many, many times and looked forward to the release of the DVD.  Finally it came and what a disappointment! The sound is is okay, not great as I expected, but okay.  But the picture quality is so bad, with the exception of a few close ups, that it is annoying and makes it almost impossible to enjoy the music. I finally turned the TV off and just listened to the music!
B000002V0Q|4.0|This album is very good record by megadeth. Unlike their current albums (Rust in Peace, So Good.. So What) Countdown to Extinction really exposes the political side of megadeth and their views on war, suicide, murder, and the dark side of the human mind. Songs like &quot;Skin O' My Teeth&quot;, &quot;Symphony Of Distruction&quot;, &quot;Forecloser Of A Dream&quot;, and &quot;Sweating Bullets&quot; really push the envolope on those subjects. This album is good to listen to if your having trouble sleeping, or if your just in the mood for some really good metal this is your album. If your a true metal fan you will really cherish this album for a long time. LONG LIVE MEGADETH<br />**** and half stars
0141000198|5.0|I LOVED this book.  It was hilarious!! The situations Bridget gets herself into are so typical of many of us &quot;Singletons&quot;.  The questins at family gatherings of &quot;So why aren't you dating anyone?&quot;, were so true to life.  It is a book I have loaned to all of my girlfriends.  I can't wait to read the sequel.
0345340426|5.0|Tolkien's master craftsmenship is evident in this series and LOTR is the greatest fantasy work written to date. The history, languages, subtle symbolism and themes are powerful and moving, and though it is a work of fantasy Tolkien makes it seem more like living through history! If your in the mood for griping adventure, stiring characters, and an examination into the innate goodness and evilness of mankind then this work is at the top of the charts. Tolkien simply cannot be topped.<br />-----Harry Who?-----
B000002V0Q|5.0|This release sounds a little more commercial than Rust In Peace, though it is still far from sounding commercial (the next two releases would get closer and closer to that). The first seven tracks are almost all top-highlights, while the four last tracks are rather a little mediocre, but still good. The most notable tracks are the classic Symphony of Destruction and Sweating Bullets. Other strong numbers are Skin O'My Teeth, Architecture of Aggression and the melodic title track. The only reason why this album isn't a true masterpiece is the weaker ending tracks and Mustiane's vocals which sound quite bad on this album.  The guitar work is great however, and almost all songs contain killer guilar solos by the great Marty Friedman.<br />All in all, every true metal fan must own at least two Megadeth albums and these are CTE and RIP, Youthanasia is the third to own.
B00000294R|5.0|yo i have to admit i wasn't down with big l until after his death and i'm ashamed about that because this boy had mad skills. the first time i heard him was on the gangstarr cd and then i heard him rap on dj revolutions cd and since then i been hooked this cd is amazing noone got the flow style like big l and that's coming from someone who usually hates the gangsta side of hip hop this cd is still a classic and makes my top 10 all time cd list  peace KPC 1
B000002N2P|3.0|Insomniac is not exactly what I expected but it is still a very solid album. Punk fans may be a bit disappointed because of its alternative/heavy metal edge, from tracks like Brain Stew (the best song on he cd). But fans will still get their dose of punk from a few songs. All in all, Green Day fans should be pleased with this one.
B00002MZ4W|4.0|But I don't want to lavish too much praise on an artist with tremendous talent and potential who still has a ways to go.<br />The album is a very good one although not exceptional.  I commend Miss Apple for her creativity and originality more than anything else.  Her sound is unique (something sorely lacking in todays pop music world).  A combination of funk, folk, and rock her music intrigues you.  And I really like the fact that harmonically she is far from traditional incorporating sounds that are stark, full of irony and contrast.<br />A definite purchase but not quite there yet.
B00000IPAX|4.0|Not knowing really what to excpect from this cd, I started listening and I was caught off guard. This is one hell of a cd. Some pretty funny lyrics that blend into the music perfectly and guitar riffs and melodies that will stay with you for over a month. My reasons for not givng this a perfect 5 star rating is because I don't hand them off too easily, and the songs Wendy Clear and All the Small Things are the only two songs that arn't good. LISTING: 1- DUMPWEED - A song that you might have heard in the stupid MTV movie Jailbait. One of the faster songs on the cd but not nearly as catchy. (Delonge) 2- DONT LEAVE ME - Another somewhat fast song that slows down about half way through the song. (Hoppus ) 3- ALIENS EXIST- A song that doesn't make much sense about aliens. It's still funny though and is one of the standouts. (Delonge) 4- GOING AWAY TO COLLEGE - A power ballod with great guitar and bass solos. One of my favorite songs on the cd. (Hoppus) 5- WHATS MY AGE AGAIN?- If you havn't heard this song yet than you've probably been living in a cave. A catchy song that displays Mark Hoppus's great melodies. (Hoppus) 6- DYSENTARY GARY- My favorite song on the cd. It's fast,slow,funny, and serious, with the best chorus on the cd. (Delonge) 7- ADAMS SONG- Every pop/punk band must have a slow serious song and this is Blink's. This one really stands out though (it even has piano), although the lyrics do tend to get off subject. (Hoppus) 8- ALL THE SMALL THINGS- You'd think from the title that this would be a funny song. Well, it's not and it's by far the worst song. It's everything a punk band should stay away from. Bubble gum pop crap that they should have let the Backstreet Boys  use. (Delonge w/Hoppus in chorus) 9- PARTY SONG- The fastest song on the cd but slows down a bit every forty seconds or so, with some really funny lines. (Hoppus) 10- MUTT- Catchy drums and a killer guitar riff makes this another really good song. (Delonge) 11- WENDY CLEAR- Too bubblegummy for mytastes with very ordinary guitar and bass lines. 12- ANTHEM- A great song to blast the volume. A song that most teens can really relate to. It ends off the cd perfectly.<br />NOTE:If you like Fenix TX or any other punk bands with really good melodies than check this cd out!
B00004TFK3|3.0|Earth calling Columbia Tri-Star, have you ever heard of 2.35:1 widescreen anamorphic?  It's a sham that Columbia would push this 1.85:1 version.  That must be why it's a &quot;Limited Edition&quot;.  C'mon Columbia Tri-Star, give us the 2.35:1 version.  For those of you who like the &quot;small screen&quot;, this is your movie.  Sorry but I like to see everything the director intended me to see.
B000002MP2|5.0|Every song is packed with killer guitar and double the energy of any other punk band. This is the cd that made punk mainstream with 5 songs on the radio. Basket Case and When I Come Around for the alternative/punk crowd, Long View and Welcome to Paradise for the just plain punk fans, &amp; She and F.O.D. for the slow ballod fans. Don't forget to check out the funniest bonuis tack ever too.
0452282152|5.0|This was a vivid and beautifully written tale that immerses you in the life of 17th century Delft. The well imagined story of the Girl With a Pearl Earring painted by Vermeer had me captivated from the very first page.  The sense of tension grew page by, incident by incident.  I came to feel so much sympathy for the main character Griet, the young maid. Although the ending was not what I would have wished, it was perfectly suited to the storyline, with a satisfactory conclusion.  I found myself looking up Vermeer paintings, to compare them to those described in the book.  It was fun to read the author's depictions of the stories behind the paintings.  A very enjoyable read.
B00004XQP4|2.0|After hearing Green Day's first single on the radio from Warning, Minority, I was a bit worried about the cd. I decided to buy it anyway since Im a huge Green Day fan and it is by far, the worst Green Day album. It seems as if they are selling out, changing their sound to mainstream ska type music, with poppy melodies, that sound like they could have been released in the 50's. Macy Day Parade is a lame follow up to the great Time of Your Life and the majority of the songs just don't seem right. They've also lost their smart, yet funny lyrics from the Dookie days. The pluses, though, include th up-beat Warning and the traditional Deadbeat Holiday. Hopefuly their next cd goes back to the Dookie sound.
B00004ZAV3|5.0|This is an outstanding compiliation of The Beatles' number one hits. While it does not necessarily encompass their best music, just the most popular, it is still a breath taking body of music. This CD takes the listener through The Beatles' early years right through to the end of their musical association. The evolvement of their music is clearly evident on this CD, as one takes this virtual musical stroll down memory lane. It is wonderful to hear their maturation from young, wide-eyed pop stars to more complex and sophisticated musicians.<br />For new listeners, this generous, value laden, twenty seven track CD serves as an introduction to the Fab Four who changed the landscape of the musical world in the early nineteen sixties. For those of us who grew up with The Beatles, it is a blast from the past. Moreover, the production values on this CD are superlative. Quite frankly, the music did not sound this good when it was first recorded, due to technological limitations. All audiophiles will appreciate the beautiful clarity of sound on this CD which makes the music soar to new heights.
0783240503|5.0|I have never been a fan of ALW until now.  This video production is perfectly cast (Donny Osmond, Richard Attenborough etc.) and performed with energy and fun.  It's the only videotape our 2 year old wants to watch and we love to watch it with him.
B00003CXFU|4.0|This is a very entertaining, well directed movie with an excellent performance by Albert Finney and a notable one by Julia Roberts who plays the title role of Erin Brockovich. The rest of the cast, likewise, give excellent performances.<br />The story is a compelling one. A down and out single mother of three young children, Erin Brockovich, gets into an auto accident. Her personal injury suit goes down the tubes, when she alienates the jury with her checkered past and salty language. Angry and desperate, she bullies her lawyer, Ed Masry, disarmingly played by Albert Finney, into hiring her, after he loses her personal injury case. He does so, to the consternation of his other employees. You see, Erin marches to the beat of a different drummer. She dresses like a tramp and talks like a longshoreman.<br /><br />Which only goes to show you, that one should never judge a book by its cover. Beneath the vulgar exterior, lies a steel trap mind, which Erin put to good use when she goes through a pro bono real estate case, only to discover that there is more to the real estate transaction than meets the eye, a whole lot more. Intrigued by the fact that extensive medical records are included in the real estate transaction paperwork and wondering why that should be, Erin lets her natural curiosity and interest in people prevail. She goes about and investigates the matter.<br /><br />What she ultimately discovers is that toxic waste is very clearly affecting the quality of life of the inhabitants of the town of Hinckley, California. It appears that the utilities giant Pacific Gas and Electric has been letting highly toxic chromium seep into the ground, affecting the water which the inhabitants of the town use. The utilities giant has compounded the problem by telling the townspeople that they should not worry about a little chromium, despite the high incidence of cancer and other illnesses which abound in Hinckley.<br /><br />Erin, outraged on behalf of the townspeople, discovers through her research and investigation that Pacific Gas and Electric knew about the toxicity of the Chromium, but continued with business as usual and set about deceiving the unsuspecting townspeople to their ultimate detriment. Eager to right a serious wrong, Erin persuades her employer, small time lawyer, Ed Masry, to take on this big time case. This ultimately leads to one of the largest monetary class action settlements in history.<br /><br />This is a true life David and Goliath story. Julia Roberts gives a sassy and brassy performance. Albert Finney does his part justice, as the beleagured small practitioner who decides to do the right thing, even though it could end to his detriment. His low key performance is a perfect foil to that of Julia Roberts'. It makes for a film well worth watching.ers through her research and investigation that Pacific Gas and Electric knew about the toxicity of the Chromium, but continued with business as usual and set about deceiving the unsuspecting townspeople to their ultimate detriment. Eager to right a serious wrong, Erin persuades her employer, small time lawyer, Ed Masry, to take on this big time case. This ultimately leads to one of the largest monetary class action settlements in history.<br /><br />This is a true life David and Goliath story. Julia Roberts gives a sassy and brassy performance. Albert Finney does his part justice, as the beleagured small practitioner who decides to do the right thing, even though it could end to his detriment. His low key performance is a perfect foil to that of Julia Roberts'. It makes for a film well worth watching.
0783240503|5.0|I have never been a fan of ALW until now.  This video production is perfectly cast (Donny Osmond, Richard Attenborough etc.) and performed with energy and fun.  It's the only videotape our 2 year old wants to watch and we love to watch it with him.
B000000Y1H|5.0|Well, Monk has many masterpeices. Briliant Corners, however, is easily one of the best of all of Monk's albums and one of the best jazz albums ever. Thelonious Monk is hands down the greatest piano composer of all time, second only to Duke Ellington. Monk is also working with an incredible band here, including Oscar Pettiford on bass, Max Roach on drums, and one of the greatest saxophone players of all time, Sonny Rollins. Actually, I don't think that this album would be as good as it is without Sonny Rollins incredible playing. But Thelnious is the real star of this album, writing some of the best songs of his career. More then any other song on this album, the title track, Brilliant Corners, stands out. With a great sax line and some really great solos by all the players, Brilliant Corners is the highlight of the album. None of the songs, however, are anything less then outstanding. One of many brilliant albums by Thelonious Monk, but among the best of these masterpieces.
6302824613|3.0|I first saw Casino Royale when I was 7 years old. (Wow!) This was the film which caused me to fall in love with Joanna Pettit and believe that someone other than Sean Connery could be a credible Bond. The highlight of the film is the opening score featuring the horn of the late Al Hirt. That's not to say that the film doesn't have it's moments. Various conventions and mores of the time are parodied, some rather hysterically, and Woody &quot;sleeper&quot; Allen and Orson &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; Welles are quite good in their roles. When veiwing Casino, this has to be done from the perspective of the &quot;swinging 1960's.&quot; If taken with a piece of good 'n' fruity candy and tongue against cheek, the film is quite enjoyable.
B000003N7G|5.0|John Coltrane's 1964 masterpiece, A Love Supreme, is not only one of the pivotal albums in Coltrane's career, but it remains one of the greatest albums ever made, including all genres of music. This is easily one of the most essential jazz albums of all time. This was Coltrane's best album to that point and he didn't top it after, possibly beacuse he only lived another three years after the album was recorded.  The quartet is one of Coltrane's best as a band leader, with Jimmy Garrison on bass, Elvin Jones on drums and McCoy Tyner on piano. All four parts on the album are incredible, but especially Acknowledgement and Psalm. Coltrane's playing is incredibly inspired, at a level seldom reached in music. Coltrane makes every chorus and every note count. It seems that Coltrane never wasted his time and made every moment count like it was his last. In retrospect, A Love Supreme has become a jazz standard, that even people who have never listened to it have heard of it. A Love Supreme is one of the most famous jazz recordings of all time, along with Kind of Blue by Miles Davis. More then any other of Coltrane's albums, A Love Supreme proves that Coltrane was a titan in jazz. This albums proves that he is in the ranks of some of the greatest saxophone players of alll time, such as Sonny Rollins or Charlie Parker. Coltrane's greatest achievement and one of jazz's greatest achievements.
B000056NX4|5.0|As the curtain went up in the Mandeville Auditoruim in La Jolla, CA in 1992 on the soon-to-be Tony award winning production of The Who's &quot;Tommy&quot;, I got goose bumps and muttered an involuntary &quot;Wow!&quot; I had that same reaction two nights ago when I saw the video of the carter-Praedon-Castle-etc. cast in &quot;Jesus Christ, Superstar&quot;.  It is theater at its best, and exemplifies that rare transformation of breathtaking staging into a skillfully crafted video.  I can't compare it to the 1973 version, for except for the tunes and lyrics, they are apples and oranges.  The only disappointment I can register is that the cast and crew have been deprived of the curtain calls and standing ovations that should accompany each and every showing of this video!
B000001EL3|5.0|This was the first KISS album I heard (I couldn't have been more than eight or nine years old) and, 23 or so years later it still sounds great.  I've read a lot reviews about this album being &quot;over produced&quot; which makes me wonder if these people understood KISS at all.  The whole point of KISS was (yes, I know I'm speaking in the past tense, but I stopped buying KISS albums around 1980, so they're an exercise in pure nostalgia for me) big production, so, if you look at it that way, &quot;Destroyer&quot; is far and away the height of KISS' in-your-face art.  Are you following me?
0394720288|4.0|In the circles I run in, Wodehouse is not a well-known name.  Thus it doesn't surprise me that it's taken this long for my first trip through the tulips with Jeeves and Wooster.  It saddens me, but it doesn't surprise me.  \\"Saddens\\" for this confection is the perfect mix of all of the elements of comedy.<br />On one level, the story is classic bedroom farce.  The action takes place in a country house, where people are constantly running from one room to another.  Everytime one door opens, a new misunderstanding occurs and the plot is violently thrown in another direction.  It makes one realize how effective a well-constructed bedroom farce can be in delivering sparkling comedy.<br />On top of the farcical elements, Wodehouse also manages to throw in some biting satire.  There are well placed but subtle jabs at fascism, fashionable psychology, and upper class morality.  They never trip up the story, only serving as wonderful little digressions that do much to add weight to the lighter elements.<br />The book is populated by a wonderfully motley crew of snooty misfits, each doing their bit to stoke the fires of the story.  But the cake is taken by Jeeves and Wooster themselves.  Neither could exist without the other (at least in a literary sense).  The first fifty or so pages prove this, as Wooster heads up to the country house ahead of his manservant.  The character flounders during these sections.  Only when Jeeves arrives (to save the day, natch) does the narrative gain an even greater head of steam.  I can't imagine how tedious it would be to listen to Bertie Wooster's mindless meanderings for a whole book, without the simple and economic replies of his man Jeeves.  They are the pins in the balloons that release Bertie's hot air.  As I said before, this is my first foray into Jeeves and Wooster country, so I can't say if the other tales in the series live up to the standard set here.  It would seem like an impossible task.<br />The brilliance of the Jeeves/Wooster dichotomy is that Wodehouse doesn't take the easy route; that is, telling the story through Jeeves narration.  It would be too easy to allow us into Jeeves brain, where we would either be confronted by his undying loyalty (which the reader could never understand, given the ignorance of his charge) or his hatred for Bertie (which would undermine the whole tale).  Rather, we get Bertie's side of things, and his ambiguous depiction of his man makes Jeeves that much more intriguing a character.  And furthermore, it allows Bertie to be a very interesting \\"unreliable narrator\\".  We cannot trust -- but can laugh at -- his recollections of past events (the book is told entirely through recollections), or his characterization of hisself (in which he tries to pass himself off as an intellectual, rather than a pompous boob).  The \\"unreliable narrator\\" is my favourite of the current post-modern literary fads, one which Wodehouse gleefully saunters through a half century before its time (side note: for a fine example of a case where the modest butler also serves as the \\"unreliable narrator\\", see Kazuo Ishiguro's book \\"The Remains of the Day\\", a personal favourite of mine).<br />One cautionary note, though: in this edition, don't read the introduction first.  Alexander Cockburn can't help but give away some key plot points in the examples he provides of Wodehouse's comedic prose.  It is a finely written essay, but it belongs at the end rather than the beginning, so to not spoil the reader's fun of discovery.  Other than that mild criticism, this is a perfect piece of comedy.dichotomy is that Wodehouse doesn't take the easy route; that is, telling the story through Jeeves narration.  It would be too easy to allow us into Jeeves brain, where we would either be confronted by his undying loyalty (which the reader could never understand, given the ignorance of his charge) or his hatred for Bertie (which would undermine the whole tale).  Rather, we get Bertie's side of things, and his ambiguous depiction of his man makes Jeeves that much more intriguing a character.  And furthermore, it allows Bertie to be a very interesting \\"unreliable narrator\\".  We cannot trust -- but can laugh at -- his recollections of past events (the book is told entirely through recollections), or his characterization of hisself (in which he tries to pass himself off as an intellectual, rather than a pompous boob).  The \\"unreliable narrator\\" is my favourite of the current post-modern literary fads, one which Wodehouse gleefully saunters through a half century before its time (side note: for a fine example of a case where the modest butler also serves as the \\"unreliable narrator\\", see Kazuo Ishiguro's book \\"The Remains of the Day\\", a personal favourite of mine).<br />One cautionary note, though: in this edition, don't read the introduction first.  Alexander Cockburn can't help but give away some key plot points in the examples he provides of Wodehouse's comedic prose.  It is a finely written essay, but it belongs at the end rather than the beginning, so to not spoil the reader's fun of discovery.  Other than that mild criticism, this is a perfect piece of comedy.
B000001G50|3.0|I like Karajan, I like the Berliner Philharmoniker. But here, I feel, they have overdone it... Too smooth, too soothing, too commercialized. It may not be the performances alone, but also the choice of pieces for this CD. The master had relaxed, and the results are merely mediocre.  I prefer Karajan at his energizing best...
B00004XQP4|4.0|Green Day have grown up.  Surprisingly, but true.  This is by far their most mature album and the sound is very unique.  You can definitely hear the punk rock in it since the hooks are still just 3-4 chords without as much distortion.  Billie Joe's great lyrics are still in there too.  I'd say that the best songs are Blood, Sex, And Booze, Fashion Victim, Church On Sunday (which is about Billie's marriage), Jackass, and Minority, but the whole album is good.  If you're looking for a balls-out punk album, don't buy this.  If you want a clever pop-punk-rock album, pick this up.
0060278234|5.0|While wandering through the local bookstore four years ago I came across Sabriel in the Young Adult section. Noticing the cover I picked it up and read the first chapter. I was hooked. I must have read the copy I bought that day at least 40 times. I became such a fan of Mr. Nix's writing that I named my cat Mogget!But I digress, as I understood it Mr. Nix was supposed to only write a sequel. Lirael turned out to be the second book in a trilogy, the third to be the forthcoming, Abhorsen.     Well, after I finished Sabriel in a manner of hours I knew their would be a sequel so I set out looking for one. After manny publishing delays I finally got my copy of Lirael. All I can say is that Mr.Nix is a masterful and engrossing writer. Lirael is a intelligent, brave and a thoroughly colorful charecter. I admit in the beging I was warry with the prospect of suicide, but she shone for the remainder of the novel.     Lirael shares the spotlight with Prince Sameth, the son of Sabriel and Touchstone(Yes, they did get married!). He shows flashes of bravery and cunning, but for the most part he acts spoilt and afraid. These two are surrounded by a stellar supporting cast. Touchstone, Sabriel, Mogget(yes!) Sanar and Ryelle(the Clayr twins) you will remeber from Sabriel. Ellimere; daughter of Sabriel, the Disreputable Dog; loyal companion to Lirael, Nick; school companion of Sameth and not to mention the evil Hedge and Chlor who work for a higher evil. The story goes into how Lirael does not fit in at the Clayr's glacier home and goes to seek a man the Clayr have Seen. Parallel to Lirael's life is that of Sameth's. They meet mid-adventure and team up to find Nick and put down the dead. But will Lirael ever find her place?    This is a story of high fantasy, adventure, mystery and human emotions. I loved the plot and dialouge. They both flow with seemless grace. This is a masterful piece of fantasy literature and both Sabriel and Lirael will always be high on my list so I recomend Lirael even if you haven't read Sabriel. Enjoy!
0960191038|5.0|The Minto Principle is a breakthrough system of logic that underpins thinking, ideation, organization and communication. Once the reader has mastered The Minto Principle, you will be amazed by this new way of thinking in terms of adding substance to your ideas and leading your audience through a chain of logic that makes your conclusions almost inevitable.  The precision and conciseness of the this system make it particularly effective in communication with top management.  It is a business resource that can truly change the level of your thinking and add a whole new dimension to your communication skills.  Barbara Minto is to be commended for creating a genuinely new and powerful system.
0060278234|5.0|While wandering through the local bookstore four years ago I came across Sabriel in the Young Adult section. Noticing the cover I picked it up and read the first chapter. I was hooked. I must have read the copy I bought that day at least 40 times. I became such a fan of Mr. Nix's writing that I named my cat Mogget!But I digress, as I understood it Mr. Nix was supposed to only write a sequel. Lirael turned out to be the second book in a trilogy, the third to be the forthcoming, Abhorsen.     Well, after I finished Sabriel in a manner of hours I knew their would be a sequel so I set out looking for one. After manny publishing delays I finally got my copy of Lirael. All I can say is that Mr.Nix is a masterful and engrossing writer. Lirael is a intelligent, brave and a thoroughly colorful charecter. I admit in the beging I was warry with the prospect of suicide, but she shone for the remainder of the novel.     Lirael shares the spotlight with Prince Sameth, the son of Sabriel and Touchstone(Yes, they did get married!). He shows flashes of bravery and cunning, but for the most part he acts spoilt and afraid. These two are surrounded by a stellar supporting cast. Touchstone, Sabriel, Mogget(yes!) Sanar and Ryelle(the Clayr twins) you will remeber from Sabriel. Ellimere; daughter of Sabriel, the Disreputable Dog; loyal companion to Lirael, Nick; school companion of Sameth and not to mention the evil Hedge and Chlor who work for a higher evil. The story goes into how Lirael does not fit in at the Clayr's glacier home and goes to seek a man the Clayr have Seen. Parallel to Lirael's life is that of Sameth's. They meet mid-adventure and team up to find Nick and put down the dead. But will Lirael ever find her place?    This is a story of high fantasy, adventure, mystery and human emotions. I loved the plot and dialouge. They both flow with seemless grace. This is a masterful piece of fantasy literature and both Sabriel and Lirael will always be high on my list so I recomend Lirael even if you haven't read Sabriel. Enjoy!
B00004YKUY|5.0|I am A die hard Journey fan and have been for many years. This album is long awaited. Steve Perry will be forever part of the best of Journey but they must move on. Steve Augeri has done a great job of keeping the original Journey sound but also adding a new touch. The flow of this music, for the most part, is classic Journey and if that is what you are looking for this is for you. Each time I listen to this cd it grows on me even more. I am proud to have this new addition next to my collection of classic Journey. As they say, time moves on and they have done a great job of it.....lets journey with them.
044022425X|5.0|I've recently finished reading the entire series.  What I enjoyed the most about this series is that it took so long for me to read.  I have trouble getting interested in new authors and new stories which why I was so thrilled to see how exceptional these books are.  I have always liked historical fiction, especially when it is realistic and personal.  This final book is just as good as the other three and I hope to see a new installment sometime soon.
6305842442|1.0|Warning...without the voice over this is just another jumbled sci-fi feature...Harrison Ford's narrative gives more insight into the film and the other characters...The ending is just that an ending...you have to use your imagination...besides all the above the special effects are tremendous in giving us a very unflattering view of the &quot;future&quot;. Harrison Ford is good as usual but Rutger Hauer steals all the scenes he is in...he was perfectly cast and it must have been written with him in mind. Please Please Please will someone release on DVD the original theatrical release with the voice overs!
B000056NX5|1.0|This DVD is full of surprises.  First, I was suprised to see my favorite musical (opera) on DVD, and it is the stage version!!!  Great!  <br />So I buy it.<br />Surprise number two: it isn't really the stage version.   JCS gone wrong.   What's up with the apostles carrying guns?  I also feel the interpretation was all wrong (very different from both the musical and the original movie).  Jesus seemed angry, Judas was very &quot;in your face,&quot; and the relationship between Jesus and Mary was a little wierd.<br />Surprise number three:  The voices are great!   This is one of the better soundtracks.  It took a few songs for me to get used to them, but once I was used to it, they were GREAT!  If it wasn't for the quality of voices, I would have rated this 0 stars (if that was an option).<br />Surprise number four:  O V E R A C T I N G !   All of them.  I have a feeling that it wasn't the actors fault.  It felt as though they were directed to act this way.  As a matter of fact, there were times when the acting was genually good, but then they'd lose it (the first part of &quot;I Don't Know How to Love Him&quot; was great, but then the acting kicked in).<br />Surprise number five:  I still have to wait for a great stage version of my favorite musical.   Too bad, I was hoping this was it.  I also was excited about other musicals coming out (Phantom, etc), but now I'm a little gunshy.
0679428887|5.0|Harris' Archangel is one of the best political mysteries I have read.  The novel explores a horrifying possibility that one of the darkest figures in modern history has offspring.  While the preposition is quite far-fetched, Harris manages to bring it to reality.<br />What strikes me in this novel is the way Harris promotes the idea that a monstrous and powereful figure cannot by itself usurp and keep power.  It requires an unstable, chaotic society that will not only intall this leader, but also be unable to demolish him/her.  In this respect, the book is highly realistic in describing the chaos in Russia.  That is what makes it scary too--not the ficitious element of Stalin, but the slight possibility that a person like him might come along and take advantage of the misery and desperation that rule in Russia.
B00005AWMF|5.0|People my age, 17, tend to look at me unusually when I tell them that I love Sade, that is because they have no idea who I'm talking about. That to me in itself is quite sad, because I have never heard such raw emotion and beautiful simplicity emerge from music. Not to mention the most beautiful vocals by Sade herself, and the excellent music itself by the musicians of Sade.<br />I began my Sade adventure when I was really bored one day and I began to pull out my Dad's old records, to find two. They were the albums 'Diamond Life' and 'Promise', the first two albums released. I wanted to take these with me in my discman, though not possible, so I went out to find their 'best of' CD, so I could get a feel for all of Sade's music. <br />Off those two albums, I immediately found my most favourite tracks. From Diamond Life 'Your love is king' (really nice sax here), 'Hang on to your love' (very nice bass and lyrics very true to life), and of course what I think is my most favourite song of all time, and I'm sure many others feel the same 'Smooth Operator'. It's amazing how their songs are timeless...smooth, lush and soulful.<br />From Promise 'Jezabel' (really touching lyrics), 'The Sweetest Taboo' (honestly, listen to the lyrics...I wish! fabulously upbeat and positive), 'Is it a crime' (Can we relate people?!), and 'never as good as the first time' (nice harmonies here with great percussion). I'm glad to say as well how from all of these tracks that I've mentioned, how the lyrics people can relate to. This is what with the musicality and rythms created by the musicians creates the evoking of different emotions spoken of earlier. I feel that that is what makes music, you like it because you feel for it, you're able to delve into it's layers, which is why I like Sade's music so much.<br />The CD continiues taking the best songs from their following albums. From the album Stronger Than Pride, the title track 'Love is stronger than pride' is very calming and downtempo, with many layers of instrumental influences, giving it a very exotic feel with Sade's harmonic vocals acting as a cool flow, like a breez of sweet vocals on the wind. Gorgeous!<br />From Love Delux, who can ever pass by 'No Ordinary Love'? Very deep, hitting the soul very low, with a sultry overtone. An amazing song, puts me off guard. It's tracks like these that show how well Sade evolved together and can atill create the most amazing music today, just like with their album 'Lovers Rock'. But that in itself is another story.<br />It's an album I think that is great for all new-earers to Sade, to get a feel for all their albums, and the wonderful music they produced. For those old fans, why not get it to just have it, and have the best tracks on one CD. An amazing group, with amazing musicality and harmonies with lyrics that touch your soul.
B00004RF98|5.0|rockq, GET A LIFE. YOUR REVIEWS ARE LAME!
0446677450|5.0|I feel extremely fortunate to have read this splendid book, Rich Dad, Poor Dad, during my first year in College. It will definitely help me throughout my financial responsibility and future. Rich Dad, Poor Dad is richly educational that explicitly displays strategies to \\"financial freedom.\\" It defines the difference between class, \\"rich\\" and \\"wealthy.\\" It introduces the vitality of having money work for you and not vise-versa. Most importantly, it highlights what not only middle and poor class does not teach their children but educational systems as well.  Rich Dad, Poor Dad has a motivating touch to \\"common sense\\" in mastering and how to subdue money.
0790743132|1.0|This is one of the only movies that I will turn off before it's finished. Although I did have to watch the rest of it so I can say I watched Casablanca. <br />This movie is horrible! It is so boring and unoriginal that I can't stand it. The only good thing about it is the cast. Bogie is the man of course and Ingrid Bergman makes the screen shine with her beauty and talent. But that's it.<br />How is it boring? Because all they do is talk. The only moment I felt enthralled is where Rick flashbacked to Paris and the end. That's it. The rest is a bunch of talking and ordering the African-American around. Now I know it's old but it's not based on the Civil War. It's during World War II. A lot of people, including blacks, got killed so the studios could make this awfulness.<br />How is it unoriginal? It's about a love triangle. You take away the locale and the nazis and that's all it is. Besides, there's absolutely no chemistry between Bogart and Bergman. They looked more uncomfortable than in love. A lot of professional reviewers praise it because they base it around World War II. Of course they did, the movie was made in 1943. <br />According to the AFI this movie is #2 in the best movies of all time. It's right above The Godfather. Say it isn't so say it isn't so.<br />Final words: If this movie is so great then could anybody tell me the director or the screenwriter?
6302787297|5.0|Simply an amazing look into the life of Christopher Columbus. We discover who he was, what made him tick, we see what he accomplished and how it really backfired on him. This film shows us largely what Columbus had to do to accomplish his discovery of the New World. It shows us that Columbus didn't know where he would wind up, some thought that they would fall off the edge of the world. Columbus didn't seem to think so, he already knew that the world was probably round. What he did not know was that they were not venturing on a new found, easy way to the Asian continent. Instead they were headed to an unfamiliar place, a place full of surprises, wonder and beauty. A gorgeous, lush, tropical, plant filled paradise. The scene where Columbus comes in contact with a new kind of people, the Indians, is simply well filmed and photographed. That scene captured the surprise Columbus had when he discovered that he was merely just a guest, in a foreign place. Somebody already intruding on a land that has already been conquered, by the Indians who inhabit Columbus's dream. It soon turns into his own nightmare, as he trys to accomplish his dream and the natives rebel against him and his men. Near the end of the film a hurricane hit's his New World, basically surprising him and shattering his dreams. Even before the hurricane the film demonstrates to us that his dream was already being ruined. Moxica a spanish nobleman who tallied along with Columbus on his second voyage back to the New World, basically causes havoc for him there. As a result, there are wars and battles that brew, murder, Indians become his slaves, everything falls apart for Columbus. The film not only captures the essence of Columbus's hardtimes, but it also captures some of the remarkable things he did accomplish. Like the raising of a bell in the New World, his first voyage through the vast Atlantic Ocean, his friendship with an Indian native named Utapan, the love he had for his wife and his kids. This filmis a special film with excellent performances from Gerard Depardieu who plays the man Columbus. Also the supporting cast is great (Sigourney Weaver, Michael Wincott, Armand Assante, Fernando Rey, Tcheky Karyo). Ridley Scott who directed Gladiator, Blade Runner, Alien, Thelma and Louise, hit's a home run here and wins. Vangelis's musical score is excellent and adds an extra sense of wonder, to a film that is already full of it.
B00003CXFV|3.0|A femininist variation of an old film cliche- the unlikely hero going to desperate battle against the big evil organization, with usual dilemmas about family and loved ones.  Roberts helself did an erlier variant on this in Pelican Brief, albeit in a relatively low key.
0140042520|5.0|This is the book that lured me into the world of kerouac. I had previously read &quot;On the Road,&quot; which was excellent, but I feel no match for &quot;the Dharma Bums.&quot; This book changed my life. It changed the way that i thought. Kerouac introduces the reader to his experiences and beliefs through his novels; they are mostly semi-autobiographical. Before this novel consumed me, i had no notion of Buddhism. In retrospect this has been the single most influential thing that I have been exposed to. This book is just a starting point for a Kerouac fan. I recommend that you follow this book with Kerouac's &quot;Desolation Angels.&quot; Simple, and yet so satisfying literature. I have not really encountered any other writers who are so beloved, so beautiful and poetic in few and simple jazz talk and random amusing European literary name dropping. Pick this one up, maybe it will change your life too!
B00003CXHJ|1.0|Historically laughable: Americans never did this. The British did in some ways. Why not tell the real story? Merely OK in the suspense department. In many ways plagiarizes Das Boot (e.g., depth charge scenes). Technically absurd: one single sub torpedo completely and instantly blowing up a destroyer (this is a crucial scene in the film)? Come on. Psychologically unrewarding. The human side of the main characters is underdeveloped. You have a  German captain captured and then he plays almost no role in the entire plot? A lost opportunity. And so on. Only redeeming item: five-star actor Harvey Keitel, unfortunately in one of his weakest performances (not his fault: it's the script, stupid!) In short, if you are going to spend money on a submarine film, buy &quot;Das Boot&quot; instead.
B000056K04|5.0|This is the first Dave Matthews Band album I bought and I fell in love with it after I listened to it once. You can easily listen to this album over and over for at least five times. All the songs in the album have the same quality and that is another thing that makes this album good. If you are going to buy your first DMB album I think you should start with this one but if you're an expert with DMB, you might be a little bit disappointed with this album.
B00003CXMG|3.0|What the hell are all these people going on and on about?<br />I won't recap the specs for AF except to add that's it's the most OVERRATED movie I have seen in recent memory.<br />I'm not a teenager either, I'm a 70's kid, so I totally get the references in the movie.<br />It's not a bad movie by any means, but it's not an &quot;all time classic&quot; either.<br />It's worth your time because Crowe is a good storyteller, just ignore the silly hype from the VH-1 crowd or you're be disappointed.<br />Overblown hype kills anything eventually.
0880389052|5.0|I definitly started this book expecting something similer to the original dragonlance trilogy (Chronicles). What i got was something way different and way better. I havent read the second books yet in this trilogy, but in terms of the first book, this killed chronicles (sorrry wies and hickman).<br />I suggest this book to anyone who is interested in the fantasy genre and is looking for a book with non stop intense action.
B000006V5H|3.0|No, John Farnham doesn't have the greatest voice in the world - or even in Australia. That title would go to the once-in-a-lifetime, world class voice of another Aussie - Anthony Warlow. Warlow's clear, rich, powerful baritone makes Farnham sound like a wailing Bee Gees reject.<br />No, John Farnham isn't the most well-known Aussie singer. That would be 70s-80s icon Olivia Newton-John. No one I've ever met in the U.S. has ever heard of Farnham. Newton-John is a household name here.<br />What Farnham does have is personality, charm, and a distinctive sound. It's not a bad voice, and Farnham uses it wisely and well both on ballads and catchy pop numbers. Even on recording, his irresistable love of performing shines through. More importantly, he is synonymous with Australian pop culture - as much a part of the country's flavor as kangaroos and g'days.<br />No, he doesn't have Warlow's voice or Newton-John's name recognition. But he recently performed a concert series with both of those international legends, and it was billed as Australia's three most beloved performers. That alone says all one needs to know about his place in Australia's heart.
B00001NFCY|1.0|Jim Morrison's spirit called, he wanted his voice back as does Eddie Vedder. Oh and the people from Seattle called to say that grunge is dead too.
B00004Y6TQ|5.0|bjork has always been one of the most daring artists of all time. not only is she practically a composer, but she plays with her image in so many ways. she seemed a pop diva in her days with the sugarcubes, a dance curiosity with, 'debut,' a pixie/nymph with, 'post,' and a trip-hop master with, 'homogenic,' (possibly my favorite of her albums.) but now we are given, 'selmasongs,' a 7 song soundtrack from the brilliant film, 'dancer in the dark,' and possibly her most exhilerating, depressing, and emotional album to date. but we also see bjork's diversity as a songwriter. essentially, she is still an electronica wizard, but here she broadens her vision with an orchestra, daring new percussion, and guests spots from thom yorke to actress catherine deneuve (who also appears in the film). <br />the album opens with a somber overture but then swoops into the masterful, 'cvalda,' which is a mini-opus within itself. 'i've seen it all,' (her duet with yorke), is certainly a lovely song, but also has some quite frightening lyrics to it. 'i've seen the tree's, i've seen the willow leaves dancing in the breeze,' she sings sweetly, but then yorke responds with, 'i've seen a man killed by his best friend. i've seen lives end before they were spent.' so essentially it's a tale of innocense vs. experience.<br />to comprehend the next three songs one must see the movie, and it is near impossible to explain them without giving away vital details. so i won't. the last song on the album, 'new world,' is a suitable closer, and has perhaps the most sweet and genuine lyrics i have ever heard, against an almost drugged-out trip-hop beat.<br />so buy this album, for god's sake. even if you are just a fan of the musicals, you will be able to associate with bjork's selma, a true martyr. this album and movie saved my life.
B00004YKSD|5.0|I RENTED THIS MOVIE ABOUT 2-3 DAYS AGO. I THOUGHT IT WAS SUCKY WHEN I FIRST SAW IT, BUT WHEN I THINK OF IT, IT WAS BETTER THAN I THOUGHT IT WAS. THAT SONG \\"LIGHT MY FIRE.\\" IT IS THE MOST AWESOME SONG ON THE CDs AND THE MOVIE (THE VAL KILMER VERSION IS BETTER)!  I AM A BIG FAN OF THE DOORS NOW!  THIS MOVIE HAS EVERYTHING: SEX(LOTS OF IT!), VIOLENCE, NUDITY (LOTS OF IT!), DRUGS (LOTS), AND LANGUAGE (LOTS), COMEDY (LOTS). WELL, ALL I REALLY HAVE TO SAY IS THIS: THE DOORS IS THE BEST MUSICAL GROUP MOVIE EVER! I RECOMMEND IT!  I AM ONLY 12 YEARS OLD AND I LOVED IT! IT IS A SHOCK TO ME!  SO I RECOMMEND IT TO PEOPLE 12-ADULT (MAYBE A LITTLE OLDER BECAUSE OF LANGUAGE, SEX, NUDITY, AND DRUG CONTENT.)  SO SEE IT!
B00004SCX6|5.0|Best pop album on the market. Definetly. Words can't describe how great this album is. The lyrics are well written, and the music is fabulous. Almost every song is upbeat with a good tempo, and even if you aren't a fan of Britney, you can't help but tap your foot and mumble along with the song. From the sexy Oops! I did it again and Satisfaction, to the attitude full What U See is What u Get, to the mournful Where are you Now? and Lucky, to the romantic When Yours Eyes Say It, it creates almost a storybook of emotions that can be listened to over and over again. Very good job!
630575067X|3.0|I've always been a huge &quot;Star Wars&quot; fan, infact, after nearly 20 years the original film is still my favorite movie of all time. Even its two successors &quot;The Empire Strikes Back&quot; and &quot;Return of the Jedi&quot;, although not as good as the original, are very well made and enjoyable movies themselves.<br />Naturally, as with all the other fans of the series world wide, I couldn't wait to go see &quot;Episode I&quot; when it was finally released in the summer of '99.  I went into the theater expecting to see something magical, something completely wonderful that would allow me, for two and a half hours, to relive my past childhood experiences of having seen the original film and &quot;ROTJ&quot; in the theaters.  However, as I walked out of the theater, with the end credits rolling up on the screen behind me, I realized that I had allowed myself to get my hopes up only to have them come crashing back down around me.<br />&quot;Episode I&quot; (properly titled &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot;) is not really a bad movie, but it does lack a lot of the things that made the earlier three films so special.<br />#1 The story itself is just not as good.  Granted this is the &quot;beginning&quot; of the entire saga, and the story is not really awful, it just lacks a lot of the warmth and freshness that made the first three films so original and different from all other motion pictures.<br />#2 The CGI effects are the real stars of this movie, and therefore only manage to over shadow the true elements of the film, the human actors.  Don't get me wrong, I don't really hate the whole CGI thing in movies, but I will always believe that the old Harryhausen style of making film creatures and using real life props, costumes and settings will always be the better way to go in making motion pictures.  To me, using &quot;real&quot; substances to make film effects and filming in &quot;real&quot; locations just make a movie seem more believable.  Personally, I think that the whole use of CGIs only helped to &quot;kill&quot; the motion picture industry in the '90s.  Sure it was nice to see old characters again, like Jabba, but I felt as though I were only watching cartoon drawings of them instead of actual &quot;flesh and blood&quot; representations.  Granted the Special Edition releases of the original three films had new CGI scenes and characters added to them, but the films were basically the same as they had always been, just fine tuned a little.<br />#3 I didn't really find myself being able to care about the characters as I had in the original trilogy.  Even Yoda seemed kind of like a stranger to me in this one.  And don't even get me started on Jar Jar Binks, a tragic attempt to create a character to help fill the void left by the missing Chewbacca.  The only character who does have the same old &quot;feel&quot; to him is R2-D2.  The film would've been better had C-3PO figured more prominently in the story line, considering his time spent on screen was maybe 5 minutes max.  Hopefully (surely) we'll be seeing more of him in episodes 2 and 3.<br />#4 The acting, particularly that done by the kid who played Anakin and the chick who played Queen Amidala/Padmee, was extremely card board and at times nearly unbearable.  Granted, when Carrie Fisher, Mark Hamill and Harrison Ford were cast in the original film they were pretty much amateurs when it came to acting, but they were able to do an excellent job anyway.<br />finally,<br />#5 The musical score composed by John Williams, who is truly an artist of his field, although not bad, does tend to sometimes lack the magical quality of the music he had written for the original trilogy.  And many of the major themes (some understandably not appearing in this film) are not even present in the film.  Even the Main Title is only heard a total of about 3 times during the movie.<br />With all that having been said, and I know I've been a little harsh, one should not dismiss this movie as ameer imposter and not see it.  For what it is, &quot;The Phantom Menace&quot; is not a bad movie, it just fails in its attempt to live up to the reputation of its three predecessors.  Let's face it though, will any movie ever be able to compare to the original &quot;Star Wars&quot; trilogy.  Considering the mostly dismal state of the motion picture industry today, I'd have to say that the possibility of that happening is highly unlikely.<br />Good luck George, and may the Force be with you.
6302373921|5.0|First of all, this movie is live footage of the biggest depeche mode event of all time. Second of all, it's like a independent film, there is no candy coating or big time editing like most of the thing's you'd see on bands, this is the real thing. The best part I think is the fact that it showed real life back in the cool times, the 80's!! It totally brought back memories as I watched it seeing the cool dm fans as they follow dm to the RoseBowl. Its a one of a kind thing, that anyone who loves dm should own.
B00004YM0D|5.0|The Soundtrack to Remember The Titans was great! I loved all of the songs, and I love the movie. I recommend anyone who liked the movie to buy the soundtrack. I'm only 14 but I like all the songs, and I'm happy I bought it. So go out and get it!
0783225970|2.0|I have no idea why this film is so praised. <br />But then admittedly I have a problem with older films, especially from the seventies. It may be the lack of work with the pictures, they tend to look like documentaries.
B00003CXP1|5.0|This should have gotten an award but was robbed due to the films depressingly realistic interpretation of drug addiction.  This is an absolutely astonishing film that drew me in in the first 30 seconds.  This should be viewed by anyone who is thinking of taking drugs, not as a &quot;don't take drugs&quot; message but as a &quot;think about the consequences first&quot; message.  It's horrible to see the four main characters in the film go through so much pain.  The leads all do fantastic.  Marlon Wayans took me by surprise with his outstanding acting.  Darren Aronofsky is an incredible director with skills that deserve recognition.  This film is truly an amazing experience but it's not for the faint of heart due to it's graphic and depressing nature.  Don't let the movie fool you though, it's not telling you not to do drugs, it's only showing you what could happen.   Ingenious Film!!!!!
0802136834|4.0|I have always had a fascination with everything Tudor, and this book only fueled my passion further. This book contains all the precious morsels of knowledge that Tudor fanatics crave, but the writer's erratic style and organization makes it a struggle to get through and not feel completely tied into knots. Weir will begin to talk about something, and let the narrative be lead out of chronological, (or logical) order. She will mention names and titles flippantly, which leaves you thoroughly confused and constantly looking in the index. This is not necessary for most history books, but this book seems to be quite a difficult read because attention was not given to the little details like organization and clarity. Often, the same phrases will be used over and over again within two pages, at one point a whole sentence is practically duplicated on another page. The writing is not the best ever, however it is made up for sufficiently by all the facts and painstaking research it includes.  Also, I am really convinced that Weir has a bias against Anne Boleyn. The chapter on this wife is very critical of her and presents her in an unfavorable light; Weir is content to discredit sources that were bias towards her and embrace the sources that are just a much biased against her. However, the book only loses one star because ALL the information that you are given is impeccable, and there is nothing that can discredit this aspect. I would recommend &quot;The Wives of Henry VIII&quot; by Antonia Fraser for a book that is jam packed with (maybe not as many) facts and is much better written. If you care more about details, records and a barrage of sources, look to this book. However, do not hesitate to look elsewhere to find a good read about the 6 wives of Henry VIII, and perhaps only refer to this book on subject matters you want more information on. Great facts, terrible organization, but I am glad that I have learned so much about this subject matter.
B000000993|4.0|A great piece of work that I bought after nima. I like this CD a lot more because it has that darker tone to it.<br />Although many others would probably disagree, my favorite song on this album is Diusgustipated (minus the mind-numbing 8 minutes of crickets chirping after the song's over). It was definitely very different for Tool, but it turned out for the better. The drums in it are incredible, and the satirical humor about organized religion is pretty funny.<br />The problem with it is that some of the songs sound too similar to one another, especially after the first 3 tracks. Track 6 is definitely the most mainstream song on the album, appealing to the masses who like lots of cussing for almost no reason at all. Pick it up, there's something that's sure to please every hard rock fan on it.
B00005ASGI|5.0|These are two of the best episodes as far a Star trek is concerned. A private Little War is great because it mirrored the Cold War. With the Klingons(Soviets)and the Federation(United States)having to arm a smaller race/nation. Watching this episode gives you a idea of the political situation at that time.  The Gamesters of Triskelion on the other hand is pure sci-fi. Alien women in gladiator schools falling for Kirk. Kirk having to save the day and out smart the colored brains. It just doesn't get any better. For those who like Trek to be serious then P.L.W is a episode for you. If you like the lighter more adventurous side then T.G.O.T is for you.
0446608955|2.0|This was my second attempt at a Nicholas Sparks novel.  I really went into this one with an open mind after I completely detested the Notebook.  Unfortunately this one was not any better.  The dialogue is so unrealistic...people don't talk like that.  There is nothing for descriptions and the story line is so predictable.  Maybe Sparks is good for some people but his style is definately not something I enjoy reading.
0553277472|5.0|The gumption traps caught me.  An honest book. A true book.  A mysterious book only because it is not so much fiction as it is Pirsig's life.<br />Caring and paying attention while life goes awry... or vice versa.  The only book I have ever read two times and felt perhaps a third reading would be in order.  Not your average normal sort of book.  Wise.  Honest.  True.
0140277447|4.0|Iris Chang has given us a full and detailed account of the Japanese atrocities in Nanking, China. Her writing style does not always flow, but the content is so moving and disturbing that the writing style does not matter all that much. The book makes me want to explore the subject in greater detail.
0743200799|5.0|You liked the movie Apollo 13? Well, this guy lived it. Nothing is candy coated here, this is the nuts and bolts of what it took to get men into space and an insight into the real meaning of the word &quot;leadership.&quot;  It is fashionable to cull phrases like &quot;Failure is not an option&quot; and insert them into business manuals for people selling widgets and nick-nacks. Well, when people like Gene Kranz were inventing space flight from scratch, they knew men's lives were at stake, not some quartley profit figure. And by the way, just like &quot;Play it again, Sam&quot; ... Mr. Kranz never did speak the words you heard in the movie. But read this book and find out what he did say and what it was like to really make a difference at a time when America was filled with young people who wanted to do great things. He's a true American hero and this book is a treasure and an inspiration.
0140277447|4.0|Iris Chang has given us a full and detailed account of the Japanese atrocities in Nanking, China. Her writing style does not always flow, but the content is so moving and disturbing that the writing style does not matter all that much. The book makes me want to explore the subject in greater detail.
B000056NX5|5.0|I found the director's vision and the cast's interpretation quite exciting, much more so than in the rather staid film version from 1973.  Judas's betrayal of Christ in the New Testament for pieces of silver has never made much sense to me, especially in light of Judas's subsequent suicide, which suggests money was not the real object.  But in THIS version, Judas's betrayal of Christ makes perfect sense.  Judas is presented as a closet queen who is unable to face his homosexual attraction to Jesus, which certainly gives Judas's reprise of &quot;I Don't Know How to Love Him&quot; new painful meaning and explains a certain jealous animosity toward Mary Magdalene, whom he rightfully regards as a rival.  Needless to say, the &quot;kiss of Judas&quot; is given a new interpretation here as well.  When Judas realizes that his betrayal of Jesus has not rid him of his feelings, but rather, heightened them, adding an overwhelming guilt, his next step is suicide.  (This basic idea was originally used by Herman Melville is his Christ-like story of &quot;Billy Budd,&quot; but this is the first time I've seen it used in such a literal way.)  And you know what?  It really works!!!  Bravo!
0140277447|4.0|Iris Chang has done a good job of relating the Japanese atrocities in China. Her writing style is none too fluid, but the content is so dramatic that it really doesn't matter. It made me want to explore this subject further.
B000002JNJ|4.0|CFH is my favorite Pantera album, with Cemetary Gates being my fav Pantera song. It combines complex speed riffs and chunky, heavy guitar and the drumming of one of my favorite metal drummers, Vinnie Paul. It's pretty glam, but oh, well, it still rocks.
B00005214X|5.0|when it was released in 1970, all things must pass was a big deal. for this was the album that proved george harrison as a talented songwriter. indeed he did have alot to say. when i first heard all things must pass, i listened to the record. it was all scratched up and only liked 2 songs. but when i saw the special edition on sale, i was insisted that i get it. no, not because of the colorized cover or the remixed tracks, but maybe just maybe, id appreciate this work of art. and hwen i heard the WHOLE thing straight thru, i was in awe that this was the same george harrison that was silenced all those years with the beatles. there is not one track to praise or pan on here. this album is genius and anyone who like the beatles and their solo stuff, they should take it into consideration to get some of their albums. no matter how good or bad they are, they will always be great. harrison himself, wouldnt have another good album as all things must pass, but if you can find any of his out of print stuff, take a listen. he is much different from john lennon being depressing or paul mccartney being manufactured pop. ringo is a different story, he simply is bad.
B000002J03|5.0|After toiling the summer of my 14th year, I finally saved enough money to buy my first turntable (an $88 Pioneer which, I am pleased to say, I still own and, 23 years later, it runs like a champ). Soon thereafter, I began assembling my record collection. Led Zeppelin II was my first purchase. Over time, I bought all the Led Zep albums, and listened to them all until the vinyl was pretty well worn out. However, Led Zep II always remained my favorite Led Zep album. Special memories of Led Zep II include the time that I invited a special young lady over to my house and, to impress her (dumb, I know), I cranked up Whole Lotta Love for the guitar jam following the relatively quiet stuff with the violin bows, only to have most of the speaker componentry of my father's hand built Heathkit speakers explode into a useless, spasmodic pile of writhing, twitching cardboard-like material and coils. It took me about four months to save enough pesos to buy a new pair of speakers.<br />Anyway, on to something Amazon readers might find useful:<br />Led Zep II is a classic rock and roll album, but what makes it particularly good is the way each song works so well with the songs around it. I've noticed other reviewers have made similar comments. You could not pull this material and drop it into a &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; album and have it work. Imagine going from Whole Lotta Love, straight into Stairway to Heaven! No way! Another key is to have the right stereo equipment. It is my opinion that stereo equipment is designed to complement the music of the day. Hence, one would be best served to find a vintage amplifier or receiver to play this music. You don't want some amplifier-on-a-chip setup. Also, milquetoast speakers are out. A simple rule of thumb is, if you can lift your speakers, they are insufficient for this album.<br />One negative, the sound quality on Led Zep II is pretty poor. Not as dreadful as on Led Zep I, but not up to today's standards. Of course, Michelangelo's cracked and faded painting of the Sistine Chapel doesn't exactly exhibit the highest &quot;signal-to-noise&quot; ratio ever, but it's still a classic. The reason why I bring this up is because I just bought the &quot;digitally remastered&quot; CD to replace my older &quot;original CD&quot; version of Led Zep II. In doing side by side comparisons, the improvement in sound quality is remarkable. Particularly in the quiet parts of Moby Dick, the background hiss of the older CD is much more apparent than in the new. Hiss is still there, but much less noticeable. For purists, the new mixing does not eradicate the rawness of the original. Bottom line: if you own Led Zep II, but in the older CD version or, God forbid, on vinyl, you owe it to yourself to upgrade. It's worth the money.<br />Finally, the obligatory ranking of my favorite Led Zep albums in order: II, I, IV, Houses of the Holy, Physical Graffiti.<br />As I mature and mellow (or more accurately, get older), I like III much more.
0811826848|5.0|There is a lot if information here, so probably for the Beatles fanatic only. I loved it - it's the autobiography of The Beatles - how cool is that?!?
B00003CXE7|1.0|This movie was probably the worst I've seen in years. Take a beautiful story, try bringing it to life using CGI, bring on some very un-talented actors, and this is what you get. Granted, I admire the effort, but it's not good enough. The sound track is the exact same soundtrack used in 'The Rock', with the addition of the talented singer from london (who actually did do good in this sound track). Poor work with the CGI - you can see when the image is real and when it isn't. This movie is certainly not the 'epic' it promised to be.
B000002I99|3.0|Im a pretty big Cooper fan but since picking it up, I listen to it more and more althoughthe first time I heard it I thought, &quot;ugh, I miss his old band&quot;. I still kind of do.Im not a big fan of concept albums. Years Ago and Steven remind me of something Kiss did on The Elder. Its not that great. The best songs are Devils Food, Black Widow, Cold Ethyl and Escape. The rest you could do without. But, its still pretty good. Im sure I'll really appreciate it once I hear &quot;Goes To Hell&quot; which I havent heard a good thing yet about it. Anyway, go get his first couple of albums.
B000002NAK|5.0|All I can say is wow! I love this soundtrack. The casting is superb and all of the songs are fabulous:the first cd upbeat and fun and the second haunting and sad especially near eva's death. When I first saw the movie in 1996, I loved it! I wasn't able to get the soundtrack until a while later but it was worth the wait.The music direction is incredible! I never skip over any songs and I never get tired of listening to it! It's perfect for anything--in the morning, for sad or happy times, to listen to while you are working etc. I love singing to it and my friends are seriously sick of hearing from me about how great it is and having me let them borrow my cd so they can see for themselves. This is my dream role and Madonna does a fabulous job portraying Eva, as well as Antonio Banderas as Che and Jonathon Pryce as Peron. And for all of those people out there who say Madonna doesn't have talent, they obviously haven't seen or listened to evita because she has a beautiful voice as well as acting talent in this role. She was very worthy of winning the golden globe.And who knew Antonio Baderas had such a fabulous voice! I love the way he portrays his character. These songs make me smile and cry when I sing them and whenever I hear the complete soundtrack I relive the life of Eva again and again!
B00004C8TC|5.0|I purchased five or six recordings of Schumann's piano concerto in A minor before finding this one.  I didn't like the tempo or phrasing in the others, but this one seemed perfect.  I thought that the version with Cecile Ousset (Marriner/Masur) was pretty good, but the mixing/recording process must have been flawed because the piano was not recorded at a high enough relative volume.  But this recording is the best I've heard anywhere.
0790743132|5.0|If you're a movie buff but have never seen this movie, there is a giant gap in your viewing experience. What are you waiting for? See the movie!<br />If I may be a bit tongue-in-cheek, a man looking for an emotionally mature mate might use this movie as a screening method. A woman who is disappointed at the ending may have a tendency towards excessive romanticism of the wrong sort. But a woman who sees the beauty of Casablanca's denouement -- THAT is a woman who understands life. ;)
B000059XUO|5.0|I have a long list in my mind of my dozen favorite movies which includes many different varying genres of films-from the Nightmare Before Christmas to Benny and Joon to the Fifth Element-and I must say that The Crow is definitely up there within my top 3 or 4 favorites. It takes a certain dark-sided yet romantic person to enjoy this movie to its fullest, but even if that doesn`t sound like you, Lee`s cocky charm and the beautifully melancholy mood of the movie may just bring out those traits in you. However, you may also be a more polite-movie person with zero feel for macabre or violence who would be much better off with some Hitchock classics. Let me put it this way: you will either love The Crow with a passion or become very confused by it. Probably the most capturing elements of this movie are three things: the look, the music, and Brandon Lee himself. There are some wonderful movies out there in which the creators took the time to make the movie look good-many by Tim Burton in particular-and The Crow reminded me a lot of those other beautiful films. The city that the movie takes place looks like a deliciously eerie hell. There are some pretty scenes too-one of my favorite moments is when Lee appears through a window before his friend Sarah in a sudden beam of golden light, and you`ll notice that it isn`t until then that it starts raining outside. (This perhaps could be symbolism of Lee`s character being trapped in sadness.) The hard rock songs and the haunting music that Eric Draven plays on his electric guitar adds to the sad mood, seeming to speak to the city about the rock-and-roll person Eric was in life with a depressing depth to it. And finally, Brandon Lee is, of course, the movie`s main delight. He carries out his lines with a smooth confidence that sort of sends a shiver down your spine-if looking at his face alone doesn`t. You can tell that Lee really connected with his role-in fact, he died for it. That is what makes this movie not just a movie, butkind of a sad concept.
B00000IPAX|5.0|Ok, personally, I could care less if they sold out or didnt sell out. The bottom line is they're a great band that keeps turning out amazing albums be it Cheshire Cat, Flyswatter, or Enema. Ive been a fan since Cheshire Cat and will continue to be a loyal fan for the rest of my life. Its true that it sounds kinda poppish in certain areas, but every band has the right to test out new sounds to see what fits and how we (the fans) respond. Blink rocks, always has and always will.
B000002WPI|5.0|How does one define greatness. . . when it comes to a Hip Hop album that is.  Is it measured in the quality and diversity off each track, or is it measured in how revolutionary and original their style was?  If you believe that it is the second of these two things, then this disc is arguably the greatest Hip Hop CD of all time.  I designate it this title for three reasons.  First, the Wu-Tang Clan's use of chain rapping is now what is normal style among MCs.  Second, Wu-Tang has done so many different CDs, between their personal albums and all of the many solo albums done by the members of their group, that it could be said that &quot;Wu-Tang&quot; is a genre of rap all of its own.  It has many soloists who have copied the style of the group (the fact that these soloists are members of the group is tangential).  It is a very distinct type of Hip Hop, with chain rhyming, non-stop cursing, and threats to the listener.  Third, it created songs in which there were actual choruses that were not simply the repetition of three words as in Public Enemy (&quot;Don't Believe the Hype!&quot;).  If rap is to be measured in terms of pure lyrical content and DJing quality, then there are a few problems with this album, such as a lack of ability in certain rappers, but on the whole, the lyrics are strong, and the beats are fantastic.  A perfect example of this would be the track &quot;Clan in da Front,&quot; with it's amazing beat, and witty lyrics.  &quot;Da Mystery of Chessboxin'&quot; gives another showing of fun lyrics and fantastic beats.  On &quot;Method Man,&quot; some of the lyrics aren't quite as strong, but the beat is just as great. &quot;Protect Ya Neck&quot; is another fantastic song on the album.  &quot;Tearz&quot; is a very powerful song in the form of two tragic stories and it is also very good.  The fact that the hit single &quot;C.R.E.A.M.&quot; is among the weakest tracks on the album shows what a fantastically strong album this is.  Wu-Tang today may not be themusical force that it once was, but even today, RZA can create some beats that will make your jaw drop, and start moving with the rhythm.
B000000WCV|5.0|After Listening to Discovery, i felt the need to write a bit about how GOOD Homework is. Discovery was a pretty lame follow up to this, some people called it progression, well I always say &quot;if its not broke, dont fix it&quot; This Album was a classic, every song is well thought out, and most importantly, danceable. From &quot;Daftndirekt&quot; to &quot;Alive&quot; its non stop funky disco, mixed cleverly with techno. All in all a great piece of work. its by far my favourite dance album.
B00004Z459|2.0|well where to start. this is not a good release. the rapping sounds too much like fred durst. the music is not as primitive as the one limp bizkit does, still it has no great complexity or talent. the lyrics are meaningless, and the vocals aren't really good. overall a bad debut, from a faceless nu metal band. if you like this i'd recommend limp bizkit, newer korn and primer 55
0446608955|5.0|A WALK TO REMEMBER is definitely a book that I will not soon forget.  Nicholas Sparks does a wonderful job of reminding us all what love and life is really about.  It takes place the typical small town of Beaufort, North Carolina.  Told by a 40-year-old Landon Carter looking back on his senior year of high school.  The last thing he expected was to fall in love, let alone with the minister's daughter, Jamie Sullivan.  Jamie teaches Landon what is important in life and what love really is.  This book reaches out to the reader and throws you for a roller coaster ride, but all the same it is heartwarming and inspiring.  I recommend it for anyone with a sense of humor and a passion for love and life or anyone who has forggotten the meaning of life.  It is without a doubt the best story I have ever read.  Be prepared with a box of tissues and plenty of time, considering it is a book that you will not want to put down.  I hope that you enjoy it as much as I did.
B00000099Y|5.0|Although I am a little late in buying this work of art, I must say I am very impressed with this purchase and do not regret spending the 25$ at sam the record man because this cd ROCKS!!!! Now if i had known that amazon were selling it for 13$ I would have ordered it online but believe me this cd is worth more than 13$ and even more than 25$!!!!!From beginning to end this cd rocks your world, there is hardly any flaws in this record.....it's TOOL's best work to date!Makes you wonder what is in store for us for Lateralus(TOOL's new record). I have no favourite track in this cd, they are all good in there own way's, the only problem is in almost all the songsm Maynards voice is very soft until the chorus, and believe me you should definetly listen to the chorus of songs such as 46 and 2, stinkfist, aenima, and basically all the other tracks. BUY THIS RECORD FOR WHAT ITS WORTH!!!!!!ITS AN EXCELLENT WORK OF ART AND YOU SHOULD BUY IT EVEN IF YOUR NOT A FAN OF TOOL!!!!!!!
B000003RCY|5.0|I really enjoy Rammstein.<BR>It is raw and satisfying.<BR>And it combines heavy-rock with some elements of techno.<br />Great Music.<br />Maybe the Genious of Simplicity?
B000WMFZMY|4.0|At last the full El Cid including entry and exit music.  Movie is in two parts due to length with the break at the original intermission.  The picture could be a little more crisp but if we are lucky perhaps it will be re-released in HD.  Also what we need now is the soundtrack CD by Miklos Roza.  I have the original LP soundtrack of El Cid but due to the limited capacity of an LP it does not include the complete soundtrack or the exit music which I heard for the first time on this version.    Movie also seems to have an extra one or two scenes in it compared with other versions I have seen.    And unlike the original UK Universal release no BBC Logo.
B000059MEK|4.0|....Anyway....4 years is a long time to wait.It was worth it.Air,Mellow and Phoenix kept us all full while Daft Punk prepared this meal.And while we were waiting, Daft Punk was listening to Air,Mellow and Phoenix.They got into the &quot;guest vocalist&quot; game, which, frankly, I'm sick of.But, hey..it works more often than it doesn't.&quot;Digital Love&quot; beats Mellow at their own game.Beats them to death with a dustmop.I've seen more than one review refer to this song as &quot;folk&quot;.What these people are shooting up, I don't know.It's pure electro pop.No &quot;folk&quot; anywhere to be found.Supertramp's &quot;The Logical Song&quot;,mid 80's Van Halen,Sesame Street,John Hughes.No &quot;folk&quot;.&quot;Voyager&quot; returns to the glory of &quot;Homework&quot; and doesn't go on and on and on and on and on and on.(like so many of &quot;Homework&quot;'s best tracks did).They've learned to reel themselves in and cut tape.They've learned to stifle themselves, Edith.They've also taken a page out of Boards of Canada's &quot;childish glee will get you glowing&quot; book.Little kids would love this CD.Many slap-happy anthems of wonder and love.The French....rock.It's that simple.Dig you must.
B00005AFVR|5.0|Bruce is back with a live album.  The album is well produced, he is back with his E Street Band, the songs are great, and he is in fine form.<br />There are (2) discs of pure music enjoyment.  Nothing like a Bruce Springsteen concert, and you can have it in your home or car as well.<br />The old stand-by favorite &quot;Born In the USA&quot;, his trademark song, others are &quot;Murder Incorporated&quot;, &quot;Born To Run&quot;, etc.<br />This album gives what the fans have been yearning for more BRUCE! and live!<br />Outstanding Live album right up there with Peter Frampton Live as one of the best live albums ever.
0780628551|5.0|Acting, plot, and script were absolutely superb. Better than Basic Instinct or Saving Private Ryan. Should have won dozens of Oscars. A must own for everyone.
0060278234|4.0|&quot;Lirael&quot; is neither the beginning nor the end (thank goodness) of this remarkable fantasy series by Garth Nix.  If you haven't already read &quot;Sabriel&quot;, you might want to put &quot;Lirael&quot; aside and begin at the beginning.  The middle book could stand alone, especially the story of Lirael herself, but you will miss nuances of the Philosophy and Geography of Death if you don't start with &quot;Sabriel&quot;.  The only work I can compare this series to is Philip Pullman's &quot;Golden Compass&quot; trilogy, although I prefer Nix's magical world-building.  If I ever die and go to fantasy heaven, I hope it resembles his immense library beneath glacier and mountain, where each door opens into a separate mystery.  In the catacombs beneath the library, Lirael discovers how to turn herself into an ice otter or a barking owl, reads &quot;The Book of Remembrance and Forgetting&quot;, and duels with the monstrous Stilken.<br />However, &quot;Lirael&quot; isn't just about Lirael.  Prince Sameth, heir apparent to Sabriel as the Old Kingdom's champion against evil necromancers, also comes of age in this volume.  There are plenty of evil necromancers to go around.  In fact, at the end of this book, it appears as though they are winning the war to turn the Old Kingdom into a kingdom of the dead.<br />One fault should be noted. The two main characters spend too much text feeling sorry for themselves.  Lirael pursues an impossible dream, while Prince Sameth tries to escape from an impossible nightmare.  I think the author's editor must have read &quot;Sabriel&quot; and said, &quot;Garth, this is a great fantasy but your heroine, Sabriel is pretty darn self-sufficient.  Readers can't relate to that.  You need to make your characters more vulnerable.&quot;  So that's exactly what Nix did in Volume Two.  Vulnerability often shades over into self-pity in &quot;Lirael&quot;---too often for my liking.  It's not enough of an annoyance to bypass this fantasy.  Hopefully, in the yet-to-be-published &quot;Abhorsen&quot;, Lirael and Prince Sameth will stop whining and take up the burden of defending the Old Kingdom.  Lirael is already headed in that direction, along with her friend the Disreputable Dog.<br />Garth, I advise you to stop listening to your editor.  You were pitch-perfect in &quot;Sabriel&quot;. Retune 'Astarael, the Sorrowful' that &quot;casts all who hear it deep into Death&quot; and finish this marvelous trilogy the way you began it.ly, in the yet-to-be-published &quot;Abhorsen&quot;, Lirael and Prince Sameth will stop whining and take up the burden of defending the Old Kingdom.  Lirael is already headed in that direction, along with her friend the Disreputable Dog.<br />Garth, I advise you to stop listening to your editor.  You were pitch-perfect in &quot;Sabriel&quot;. Retune 'Astarael, the Sorrowful' that &quot;casts all who hear it deep into Death&quot; and finish this marvelous trilogy the way you began it.
0380796090|2.0|I felt Claire was a one dimensional character who was supposed to be a strong woman, but the book offered no evidence to support her 'chief attribute.'  Claire did not come across as the witty, life-of-the-party intellectual that Keyes intended, but rather an insecure woman without direction.  Moreover, Claire did nothing to acheive the transformation that the plot hinges upon. She stayed the same--her husband changed.<br />The internal monologues broke up what otherwise would have been the strong point of this book--the dialogue. There were many times when I felt the author was interjecting her opinions rather than letting the characters speak. Moreover, all the characters lacked distinctive personalities and had little to make them compelling. <br />I kept waiting to be entertained or moved, but neither happened.  I felt the author was following a template of Bridget Jones--even down to the fascination with self-help books and the good man vs. bad man love triangle.  Unfortunately Keyes' Claire lacked the spunk and depth of Bridget.
B000053V7Q|1.0|I LOVED the original movie and had the original VHS. So I bought the dvd for my collection. Imagine my shocking disappointment when I found the dvd is missing songs ! MISSING SONGS !!! They have removed some of the best songs e.g. Sweet Caroline, Bridge over troubled waters etc. And the sound is EXTREMELY POOR! You cannot hear Elvis unless you turn the volume way up and when you do that there are other distortions. And this does not happen in the original VHS which is many years old now. Please compare this DVD with the original VHS (not the VHS version released alongwith this dvd) before agreeing with me. I cannot believe that in 2001, with all the available technology they have put out such a mediocre version of a great movie. I have a big collection of dvds (bought from AMAZON) and most are awesome and some not so, but believe me, this one stinks. I am sorry to have to write such a negative review about a DVD that has one of my favorite performers - ELVIS.
0790729644|5.0|Clint Eastwood's career in Westerns has pushed the envelope, for the style of cinematography, the moral indifference of its hero, and the way that each one has taken the dominant paradigm of the Western and reversed it to say something significant about the genre.<br />Eastwood's character, William Munny, is as unremarkable a man as he has ever portrayed: a failed pig farmer who turned away from a life of robbery and murder for the love of a wife who died and left him with two children.  Nothing about him suggests the sort of unholy strength which is the one trait all his characters had in common.  It is fully possible to pity Munny as a broken man whose best chance for happiness passed with his wife's death, and whose children's future depends on him returning to his former life as a killer.  When he sets out with Morgan Freeman and Jaimz Woolvett, you wonder if he won't be killed within the first few seconds of a confrontation.<br />Over the course of the film, the events suggest no clear relationship between what people receive and what they deserve.  Even with the cowboys that maimed her dead, the prostitute that they scarred for life will never reclaim her beauty, and her employment at the bordello will be for the little wages she can get as a maid.  Morgan Freeman, who killed no one and gave up his wages for partial absolution of his guilt, is tortured and killed.  In the words of Eastwood's character, &quot;we all have it coming,&quot; it being misery out of proportion to our failures and sins in this life.<br />Arguably, the climax of this film is as powerful as any he has ever done:  the mild-mannered farmer of the past is replaced by a feral hardness as Eastwood drinks the first whiskey he has had since his marriage.  He rides into town, and finds Gene Hackman and his entire posse celebrating with Morgan Freeman's body on display in front of the bordello.  Like a force of nature, he kills them all in turn, which is not what should happen with the sheer weight of numbers against him.  As the sheriff gasps his last few breaths, he protests angrily that he didn't deserve it, and that he had built a house.  Eastwood restates the theme with a terse, &quot;Deservin's' got nothin' to do with it,&quot; and kills him for the cruelty that his job demanded of him.<br />Virtually every other Western, even if the hero dies in the end, reinforces some meaning for the hero's life; Josey Wales gains closure with his past, Shane died protecting the lives of other people, Will Kane stands up alone for the town that he believes in.  This film advances the dangerous idea that nothing needs to matter or make sense, and that hell has room enough for all of us whether or not we deserve to go.<br />Well worth seeing, even for people who dislike the genre.
B000056H24|5.0|Acting, plot, and script were absolutely superb. Better than Basic Instinct or Saving Private Ryan. Should have won dozens of Oscars. A must own for everyone.
B000059R8Y|4.0|Being a fan of Eric Clapton for at least half my life (I'm 22), I've heard his releases in the last 10 years range from stellar to stagnant.  I'm one of the only people I know who actually enjoyed &quot;Pilgrim&quot;, and one of many who agree that &quot;From The Cradle&quot; proves Clapton was a Mississippi Black man in a former life.  Clapton has always been a blues man, and his efforts outside of that vein have been forced, leaving him to sound like a man with an ill fitting pair of shoes, while his forays into R&amp;B sound like the real thing instead of a White boy merely imitating his idols.<br />That's why &quot;Reptile&quot; is so surprising.  It embraces more than one style, yet flows rather smoothly throughout.  The title track is a delightful, Latin-tinged instrumental, with a quiet, comforting melody and spiralling chimes--a song perfect for a leisurely walk in April sunshine. Pino Palladino--who was the bassist on D'Angelo's album &quot;Voodoo&quot;, and one of the best bassists around--does what he does best and blends in seamlessly into the track.   The great Billy Preston handles the keyboard end on this album, and the rest of the musicians on &quot;Reptile&quot; are no less than superb.  &quot;Got You On My Mind&quot; and &quot;Come Back Baby&quot; are straight ahead blues, and Clapton's vocals match perfectly with the backup vocalists the Impressions--his singing is reminiscient of blues godfather BB King.  Any man hoping to court, or win back, a woman need only play these songs for her--though the woman may fall in love instead with Clapton's passionate pleading and sexy growls.<br />Three favorites on this album include a cover of Stevie Wonder's &quot;Ain't Gonna Stand For It&quot;, &quot;Believe In Life&quot; and &quot;Find Myself&quot;.  I'm of the belief that Stevie possesses perfection that cannot be copied and should never be covered, but this song works.  It's the Larry Graham-ish popping bass in this song that drives it along, and thoughit sounds a little Country at times, it adds to the charm of the track--anyone who's heard the original will appreciate the skill with which this was recorded.  &quot;Believe In Life&quot; is one of the most quietly passionate, sweetest love songs I've heard in years.  A soothing melody, Clapton's lovely, simple vocals, and swinging, jazzy chord changes make this the best track on the album.  &quot;Find Myself&quot; is another touching track with cute, plinky piano and great background vocals reminding one of the Fairfield Four (with whom another favorite EC of mine has recorded) make this the perfect mix of old and new--the introspective lyrics of self acceptance as well as the ragtime feel of the track merge effortlessly.<br />&quot;Travelin' Light&quot; and &quot;Modern Girl&quot; are the only places on this album where Clapton falters--and only slightly at that.  The songs sound a little too '80's, a little too sterile.  Aside from that, however, diehard fans should appreciate the effort Clapton put into making his &quot;Reptile&quot; into a skillful style shifting chameleon, and newcomers will delight in the versatility and grace with which Clapton moves from genre to genre.  Eric Clapton's &quot;Reptile&quot; takes the listener on a trip to many places, and is a perfect tour guide. The man continues to enjoy making music--and in this album, it shows.
B000006E17|1.0|While watching this film, I kept wondering, what's the point of all this?  Many reviewers rave that it depicts how cruel and debase humanity can be.  My thought, is, duh, really?  You don't need to watch this movie to make you realize that, just study all of the human atrocities committed throughout the history of the world. Better yet, pick up any daily newspaper and read about all of the homicides and other criminal acts that occur everyday!  <br />There really is no redeeming qualities to this film, I found it to be stupefyingly boring, with stuffy direction and repugnant yet somewhat phony looking violent and sex scenes.<br />I found the number of positive reviews for this film much more disturbing than the film itself!
B00000JBFW|5.0|From Knocking on your Back door all the way through Not Responsible, this album is shining with talent, energy and professionalism. I didn't find a single weak point, even though as some people claim the sound is more commercial... Duhh, it's 80's, guys... Did you really expect them to reunite and have the exact same sound as in &quot;Machine Head&quot;? Highly recommended!
0486650677|5.0|As another reviewer states, the book is somewhat broader than the title suggests. The chapters of the book are 1. The Basic Concepts of Analytical Mechanics 2. The Calculus of Variations 3. The Principle of Virtual Work 4. D'Alembert's Principle 5. The Langrangian Equations of Motion 6. The Canonical Equations of Motion 7. Canonical Transformations 8. The Partial Diffirential Equation of Hamilton-Jacobi 9. Relativistic Mechanics 10. Historical Survey 11. Mechanics of the Continua<br />There are a few examples and problems in the text, but I certainly wished for more to help illustrate concepts.<br />The author conveys in every chapter a strong reverence of the aesthetic value of the material and does an excellent job of showing how the themes of the analytic approach to clasical  mechanics are preserved in relativity and quantum mechanics.
B0000524E5|5.0|Acting, plot, and script were absolutely superb. Better than Basic Instinct or Saving Private Ryan. Should have won dozens of Oscars. A must own for everyone.
B000002AGE|3.0|This is the album which made Weather Report a hit with the public, largely on the strength of the catchy, brilliantly orchestrated &quot;Birdland&quot;.  The rest of this much-hyped album follows a similar pattern -- catchy melodies, concise songs, and a very slick production.  The tunes themselves are well-crafted but can't help sounding like what you'd hear played in the supermarket.  (The synthesizer arrangements are also cheesy at times.)  Zawinul's ballad &quot;A Remark You Made&quot; sounds a bit too sentimental and the Wayne Shorter tunes are nothing special.  The main redeeming feature here is Jaco Pastorius, who more than makes up for Shorter's shortfall with two excellent tunes (&quot;Teen Town&quot; and the post-bop &quot;Havona&quot;) as well as reinventing the bass guitar on practically every track.  A lot of people may find this to be an ideal introduction to Weather Report and fusion music in general, but some will just hear lightweight smooth jazz and wonder what the fuss is about.  Caveat emptor!
014028009X|5.0|As a real singleton young woman, I can truly appreciate Bridget Jones' humor, and, situation.  This book kept me up late at night in a giggle fest!  It is so easy to relate to Bridget and her trials and tribulations.  Her charm and wit are heart-warming, and incredibly readable.<br />Helen Fielding masters the portrayal of this young lady!  It is such a real and believable character that you begin to foget that she is just that-- a character. While, I suppose, some of her reactions are a bit outlandish, she acts on  every impulse we carry inside of us, whether more deeply, or more shallow.<br />Through all of her misfortunes and happiness her character is hilarious.  I found myself laughing out loud at many times. I can relate to Bridget Jones', and I am sure most other women can as well.  Men, if you want some insight into the female psyche, read this book!<br />Nicki
6305078564|5.0|This is by far one of the greatest movies I have ever seen!  The acting was terrific, by both Colin Firth and Jennifer Ehle.  The movie was put together so well and naturally, you feel like this was really shot back in the early 1800's.  Darcy captures your heart... This is a romance/comedy/drama/etc, etc, etc.  The fact that Colin Firth is one of the best looking men around and that this is a great movie means I will be watching and rewatching this!!!
B000001FDQ|5.0|A timeless album that drips with passion, it still holds up today over fifteen years later. Gypsy-flamenco metal? Vivaldi-rock? It gets no better than this, being the yardstick by which every virtuoso rock recording is judged.<br />Weak spots: The lyrics. &quot;Evil Eye&quot; is overproduced a bit, as well; the live Alcatrazz version was quite something.<br />Strong spots: Everything else, including the mix. If any album deserved one of those 24K gold &quot;remasters&quot;, this is it.
B00000I49J|5.0|Maybe my fave J&MC--less fuzz-oriented than Psychocandy, not as rock as Automatic, Darklands is perfect late-night drinks-and-dalliance accompaniment. Songs in slow grooves, lyrics about girls, orgasms, dreams, rain, visions, violence and memory dominate. Visionary, impressionistic, irresistable post-punk. \\"Me and Cherry makin' love to the sound of a scream\\" or something like that.\\" You get the idea. Get out your big black sunglasses, your ... black jeans and your cooler-than-thou 'tude--this is where you'll need it. The perfect combination of the Velvet Underground and the Ramones. Really. If you doubt me, listen to the album; you'll know I speak the truth. The first half dozen songs are genius. [Darn] near a perfect '80s album.
0440219078|5.0|The Giver is a novel I would recommend to any adolescent.  It deals with issues that grip we, as people, from our adolesence through the rest of our lives.  The issues discussed in this tale are issues that one will remember for the rest of one's life.  <br />Lois Lowry's masterpiece is one of the most interesting tales that I have ever read, as a youth, and as a young adult.  The prose is fantastically written.  It is definitely interesting enough to keep both adults and young adults glued to the pages. <br />I will definitely read this book again and again.  I have recommended it to my younger sisters, and I will recommend it to my own children some day.  <br />If you are looking for something to read after Harry Potter, perhaps this might interest you.  I must admit, Harry Potter got my sisters to read, but this book captivated them in a way that I never saw Harry Potter do.  [Now, it's my turn to read Harry Potter!]<br />Read The Giver, you will not be disappointed!
B000001EGA|5.0|This is the first Elton/Bernie album I ever bought.  It is THE CD that I listen to on a regular basis today.  As many have said, it's a shame the cover gets lost, along with all the other booklets and goodies that came with the album in it's original release. 25 years later, and I'm so thankful I was there for it and grateful I still have it in it's original form.  This is, for my money, the greatest album of all time.<br />I will say I am very disappointed to see that &quot;Lucy,&quot; &quot;Philadelphia Freedom,&quot; and &quot;One Day at a Time&quot; are tacked on to the end.  That's like tacking on chapters of another book to the end of a classic novel.
014028009X|5.0|I'd heard that this book was just fluff, but I completely disagree! Maybe not all women are as obsessed with calorie-counting and dating as Bridget Jones, but everyone can find something to identify with in her chaotic life. No matter how hard Bridget tries to be the perfect Cosmo girl, she remains the ironic anti-hero -- a beacon of hope for every woman who has ever had holes in her pantyhose, run late for work, or developed a hopeless crush on the wrong man. Extra points are deserved for the London setting and the underlying Pride and Prejudice references (Jane Austen fans must read this book -- there isn't a character named Darcy for nothing. Just think of Bridget Jones as a neurotic Elizabeth Bennet, and you've got it.) It's not classic literature, but it's a very sharp, funny book.
B00004XOWM|4.0|This CD is a great piece of musical masterpiece.  While I understand why some claim that this CD isn't the best for Limp Bizkit, I liked it the most.  It is very different from their other two CDs, but it still has some great tracks.  There's much more hip-hop in this one, but it's a great CD.  The people hating on this album are mostly hard-rockers, but their just crying because not all the tracks are pure hard-rock.  There's still tracks like My Way and Rollin and My Generation, as well as just about the whole CD for them, except for the track with Xzibit (9), and the Urban version of Rollin'.  The other kinds of people  who don't like this CD are parents, or other people who just don't like the swearing.  By buying a Limp Bizkit CD, they should know that it swears.  <br />If you don't mind swearing in music, which u probably don't if ur thinking of buying this CD. The hip hop is sparse compared to a regular rap CD, but is great, though there still is a lot of hard rock.  I love this CD, and if this stuff sounds like you, then i have no doubt that you'll love it.
0141301155|5.0|As a child, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is the novel I read that sparked my interest in reading.  Roald Dahl is a superb author, brimming with imaginative tales that strike a passion for reading, in anyone who does read his stories.  <br />This tale, of a young, poor Charlie, chronicles his escapades in the Chocolate factory.  It is a book filled with hope, sadness, happiness, and moral lessons.  It does not sugar coat everything, though.  It lets the young readers know that life is not always fair.  This book is a must-read for children, and adults for that matter.  <br />As Roald Dahl's books are always great, this one is too!  ....
0780622553|5.0|Discover this gem of a film and you too will know the way to Shell Beach. I can say, without hesitation, that this is one of the best sci-fi films ever made. Not THE best, but ONE of the best I have ever seen. An amazing story, great characters and a vision that is pure genius. Only a man who has nightmares as a child could dream up such an incredible movie. <br />Alex Proyas, the film's director summed it up best when he said &quot;I think being afraid of the dark is a very basic childhood fear. Whenever I'd come across that concept in a book as a kid, it would haunt me&quot;. He's taken that fear and increased it 10 fold. The bald men (the villans) chasing the hero in this film is also from Alex's childhood imagination ... &quot;Dark City is a near-obsessive project based on recurring nightmares I had since I was a child, of being chased by pale bald men.&quot; How awesome is that? It doesn't get any better than this folks.<br />A film of dark noir that reminded me a lot of an episode of the Twilight Zone, yet completely fresh and original. Visually stunning! I love this movie and I think you will too. Take a chance on a big film that did very little business at the box office. Rufus Sewell, a virtual unknown to American audiences is fantastic. Jennifer Connolly fits this role to a T and William Hurt is great as well. Keifer Sutherland could have toned it down a bit, but he does a good job too. Richard O'Brien will scare the hell out of you as one of the main villans!!!<br />Roget Ebert named this his FAVORITE FILM OF 1998. Watch this film and you'll find out why ....<br />INTERESTING UNKNOWN DARK CITY FACT<br />In the beginning of the movie: John wakes up naked and in water, symbolizing birth. John's apartment number is 614, and in the bible, John 6:14 quotes: Then those men, when they had seen the sign that Jesus did said, ' This is truly the Prophet who is to come into the world'. - Alex Proyas
B0000584V3|2.0|i have diverse tastes, and will venture into any genre when i hear consistent reports that a certain band is doing something special.  i was a death metal fan in times past - emperor, dissection, acid bath - but my tastes eventually moved in a different direction.  but like i said, when i hear good things...<br />so once upon a fairly recent time i heard good things about in flames, checked them out, and lo and behold they truly were good.  same thing, to an even greater extent, with cradle of filth.  i'm glad to see there's still interesting things happening in death metal.<br />so now i'm hearing all of the same things about opeth.  they take the musicality to new levels, they push the boundaries, etc, etc.  so i buy the disc, full of optimism.<br />disappointing.  terribly so.<br />they DO mix in some acoustic guitar and some clean vocals.  but the legions of fans saying that they're so far ahead of other bands out there musically have been snowed.  probably because they have limited exposure to bands outside the death genre.  compared to any of a million prog, speed, or thrash metal bands, their musicianship simply doesn't match up.  which would be fine if they still made good death metal.  it's a different skill than making other kinds of metal, and there are bands that just excel at that in ways that more &quot;conventionally skilled&quot; musicians couldn't.  COF, for example, does some amazing things musically within the death metal boundaries.  but opeth doesn't do that, either, so far as i can tell.<br />my theory is that those fans who appreciate what opeth is trying to do here have maturing tastes, but don't yet understand that the skills opeth is trying to showcase here are done many times better by all manner of non-death bands.  check out some rhapsody, or stratovarius.  even something like demons and wizards as a transition.  now there are some talented musicians, just minus the death growl (which opeth is trying to get away from anyway, by all indications).<br />opeth, with blackwater park, comes off like either a death metal band without the talent to successfully sound like a progressive metal band, or a prog metal band without the energy or aggression to sound like a death metal band.<br />lots of fuss for nothing.  i give it 2 stars because i appreciate that they're trying to push the boundaries of death metal in a more musical direction, but it's clearly below average, so 3 stars is out of the question.
B000002AH7|3.0|I really wanted to like this CD, but if it were any slower, quieter, more pensive, or more drawn out, it would be &quot;muzak.&quot;  The playing isn't terrible, in fact Concierto de Aranjuez is often a very powerful and moving song.  But much of the rest just draaags on and on, begging to be either turned off or to induce naps.  I know there are more than a few that will take issue with this review (&quot;All hail King Miles, destroy the unbeliever!&quot;) but there are SO many &quot;better&quot; Miles Davis CDs to own than this.<br />If you simply MUST experience the early Gil Evans stuff, my advice is to go with Miles Ahead.  That CD is in the same sort of laid back, almost &quot;Birth of the Cool&quot; vein, but the songs are shorter, a little more lively (but not much,) and just overall have more of a traditional &quot;jazz&quot; feel to them.  Sketches of Spain seems to be really aiming at niche territory.  Perhaps that's why you love it or hate it.
B0000507PC|4.0|Though I haven't read the novel yet, I am planning to.  I feel that there was some information missing from the screenplay that didn't allow me to feel like the story was real.  I generally liked the idea of the film.  It was well-acted.  Tobey Maguire was wonderful, as always, but, something was lacking.  I can't quite put my finger on it.  <br />I would recommend watching the film, but don't expected a masterpiece, as I did.  <br />It was interesting to watch Homer's ideals change after having left a sheltered environment.  That was one of the more well-developed plot-lines.  However, something just didn't sit right with me.
B000053V7Q|4.0|This SPECIAL EDITION of  ``Elvis - That's The Way It Is'' is really something! It blows you away! Great picture quality, real digital 5.1 Sound, lots of new camera angles, and all done with a lot of love. I was surprised how many scenes and live takes are in there witch where not in the original movie. It's certainly a must have DVD. No doubt about it. But it does not replace the original movie in my eyes. And that is the down side of it all. Yes, useless things are gone, like stupid interviews with fans and things like that, but also a couple of great things are edited out. Small things like Elvis shooting the Hollywood Camera with his Guitar. And very important stuff like the On Stage rehearsal of POLK SALAD ANNIE (where Elvis is wearing the red shirt), Elvis fooling around with the four microphones on stage, and the great live performances of:  I'VE LOST YOU, SWEET CAROLINE and BRIDGE OVER TROUBLE WATERS are gone too; witch is a crime! Also many version of performances are takes from different nights... So here's my question! Why not leaving everything in there that was great in the original movie AND put in the extras??? There's a lot of space on a DVD! And 95 Minutes is not very long at all when it comes to Elvis Presley. I think those cuts take away a lot! IT REALLY HURTS! - This really is a great DVD guys - don't get me wrong here - but it could actually hold the title: ``That's The Way It Is, part two'' or something, because it holds so much new material. - The first DVD release of the original movie had such a bad sound and picture quality that I could cry about the fact that this SPECIAL EDITION is missing so many of the original things. I am affright there will be no re-release of the original movie on DVD anymore, and that means the edited out stuff will never be available in up to date sound and picture quality for us. That's why I can't give this DVD the highest rating. - In my world Elvis was the best performer and singer in popular music ever. I never heard a singer again after him with that much soul and power. THAT'S WHY EVERY CUT ON FOOTAGE ABOUT THIS MAN IS A BIG, BIG, BIG CRIME!
0783227019|5.0|In one of his best performances ever, Al Pacino is the engine that keeps &quot;Carlito's Way&quot; moving from beginning to end. Recently-released from prison, Carlos Brigante (played marvelously by Pacino) is a former Puerto Rican drug lord who ruled New York City's drug world during the 1960's and 1970's. Assisted by his lawyer (Sean Penn) Pacino is determined to stay out of the trade that landed him in prison in the first place. However, as usual trouble always lurks in every corner.<br />Deciding to buy and operate a Latin nightclub from an owner who is seriously in debt (played by the famous Argentine comedian Jorge Porcel, who had a cult following throughout Latin America due to his sexually-charged comedy skit show &quot;A La Cama Con Porcel; he is know as the Latin-version of &quot;Benny Hill&quot;). Yet as old faces reemerge onto the scene, newer faces have also started to take a foothold in Brigante's former empire, especially Benny Blanco (played by the ever-wonderful John Leguizamo).<br />Directed by Brian de Palma (&quot;Carrie&quot;), this is one of the most realistic, and historic accurate pictures of life in New York City's urban jungle during the late 1970's/early 1980's. Penelope Ann Miller (&quot;Adventures in Babysitting&quot; is great as Brigante's love interest, and Luis Guzman always is a scene-stealer playing Pacino's right-hand man. <br />The DVD version contains production notes, cast biographies, and the original theatrical trailer and the sound and picture quality are excellent. Pacino (a Bronx native) masters a perfect Puerto Rican accent in the same way he mastered his Cuban-emigre accent in &quot;Scarface&quot;. &quot;Carlito's Way&quot; is guaranteed to keep you entertained due to thrilling performances by the entire cast, amazing cinematography, great directing, and most importantly, incredible realism. Destined to become a modern urban classic.
0783230710|3.0|I could not fault the acting, special effects or indeed any of the technical aspects of this film. However I can't help feeling that whilst virtually any occurance in history has lead to a movie - perhaps this one should have been left to the 'made for tv' genre. The way I see it, certain historic events - regardless of importance - just do not translate well into film. I have Apollo 13 on my shelf, yet I can't bring myself to wade through the tedious 'hurry up and wait' plot again. It reminds me of 'Contact (Jodie Foster)' - you are not kept on the edge of your seat, rather the film seems to spend too much time lulling one into a sense of security, and too little time recovering from the next drawback.
0345440757|5.0|As a first-time mom, I was having many doubts during my son's first few weeks of life.  This book provided me the reassurance and common-sense approach I needed.  It helped eased my feelings of guilt about not being able to breastfeed after trying everything.  It also helped me to feel more confident in interpreting my baby's cries and responding to his needs.  But most of all, the EASY routine Ms. Hogg describes was the perfect solution for my family.  It was the balance between rigid schedules and total chaos that we needed.  My son, at age three months, still does not eat or nap at &quot;exactly&quot; the same time every day, and that's ok.  But he does follow basically the same routine each day, is always ready for bed at 8:00 pm, and sleeps through until 7:00 am.  As a new mom, I found Ms. Hogg's book extremely helpful and reassuring, and I recommend it to any new parent who needs a little confidence and common-sense advice. KKT, Virginia
B000002ADT|5.0|This is one of those rare cds which you can listen to over and over, and continue to love. If you're new to jazz, or uncertain where to begin with Miles Davis, this is the cd to start with. The instrumental tracks all flow, and share a mellow, soothing quality. While the songs are not simple, the melodies and countermelodies never overwhelm into some kind of baroque or cacophonous jazz exercise. Coltrane's saxophone is lovely, providing a stunning complement to the sheer genius of Davis' trumpet and composition.<br />Whether listening to this cd to spend time listening to it, or whether playing it for ambient background music, this cd does not fail to please. &quot;Kind of Blue&quot; is classy and timeless.
B0000041Q3|5.0|From the first note to the last, this recording presents an almost completely perfect interpretation of Puccini's final masterpiece.  Indeed, the recording has so few flaws that I know exactly how many there are -- four -- and can name them: 1.  Mehta adopts tempi in some parts of Act I that are **slightly** too fast.  2.  Pavarotti sings just one line -- &quot;A me il trionfo!  A me l'amore!&quot; -- too hammily.  3.  Sutherland's often-criticized diction leaves something to be desired at the very beginning of &quot;In questa reggia,&quot; but quickly improves and remains perfectly acceptable, and even superb in places, for the rest of the opera.  4.  The traditional cut version of Alfano's ending is used, albeit in its entirety (i.e., no additional cuts such as the aria &quot;Del primo pianto&quot; are made).<br />Everything else about this recording is perfect.  It has an almost unbelievably starry cast, but each of the stars in question was the perfect choice for his or her role and together they form the perfect ensemble for this opera.  Pavarotti, often criticized for an alleged inability to act, inhabits the role of the Unknown Prince so completely that artist and role blur in one's mind.  The Prince is a somewhat unrealistic character but Pavarotti enables one to believe in him.  The whole world, of course, now knows how superbly Pavarotti sings &quot;Nessun dorma.&quot;  Sutherland has the extremely difficult task of making Turandot, and her immense psychological transformation toward the end of the opera, credible, despite the fact that she is working with the traditional cut version of Alfano's ending.  Whenever I have heard a radio broadcast of &quot;Turandot&quot; with anyone else in the title role, Turandot's transformation has been completely unbelievable.  Not so with Sutherland.  The first time I listened to this recording, partway through her superb performance of &quot;Del primo pianto&quot; (composed mostly by Alfano), I thought to myself, &quot;Oh my gosh, Sutherland is making me believe in Turandot's transformation!&quot;  Her performance as Turandot contains many layers of characterization; sometimes we can hear several at once (as in the phrase &quot;Mai nessun m'avra!&quot; in &quot;In questa reggia&quot;).  In some places the ferocity of her voice is overpowering; in others (e.g. the end of Act II, as Turandot pleads with her father not to be given to the Prince) its melting beauty is unforgettable.  As for Caballe, she is heartbreaking in the role of Liu, the last of Puccini's &quot;little women;&quot; as others have pointed out, her pianissimi are unmatchable.  The first time I heard this recording, I cried when I heard her high note on the phrase &quot;Perche un di, nella reggia, m'hai sorriso...&quot; early in Act I.  Ghiaurov is unbeatable as Timur.  As if the cast weren't starry enough already, we then have Pears giving a wonderful performance as the Emperor, making his few lines unforgettable.<br />Mehta leads a mind-bogglingly exciting performance that conveys both the savagery and the beauty of Puccini's score in equal measure.  Due to his sure guidance and the talents of the three artists involved, the scene for Ping, Pong and Pang (Act II, Scene I), which has bored me in every radio broadcast I have heard of this opera, is not even the slightest bit boring.<br />With all of this recordings' other virtues, it is almost superfluous to point out that its (analog stereo) sound is of the very highest quality.  Like the rest of the production, the sound is fully worthy of Decca/London in its persona as &quot;The Opera Company.&quot;<br />If I could keep only one recording from my CD collection, I would choose this one.  If I had to recommend an operatic recording to be the only one a person would hear in his or her lifetime, it would be this one.
B000059XUO|4.0|&quot;It is said that if a person is wronged, then a crow shall bring them back from the land of the dead to the land of the living to avenge there death...&quot;<br />THE CROW tells the story of a rock musician Eric Raven(played by Brandon Lee) who is viciously killed, along with his girlfriend, by a gang of drug dealers, robbers, and hoodlums. On the anniversary of Eric's death, a crow brings him back to life, and he sets out to find the people responsible for killing him and to punish them.<br />This movie is dark, emotional, and a little humorus at times. The one thing that makes this movie memorable is the fact that Brandon Lee was killed by a misfired gun on the movie set while shooting some of his final scenes. The Special Edition DVD has a lot of extra goodies: deleted scenes, theatricl trailers, storyboards and stills from the movie, everything that a fan of THE CROW could want.
6304457383|5.0|I was on the edge of my seat the entire movie. Wait Until Dark is the perfect thriller to watch in complete darkness when you're home alone (that is, if you don't scare easily). The last fifteen minutes are more chilling, more hair-raising, and more gripping then any other fifteen minutes in film history. In one part of the last scene, I screamed so loud, I probably woke up the neighbors. Seriously! Don't pass this one by!
1559408898|5.0|ROBOCOP is a funny, ultra-violent, action, science-fiction film that takes place in the near future and the setting is the city of Detroit. A police officer named Murphy is killed by a vicious gang of drug dealers, but a technology corporation manages to bring him back to life by turning what's left of his body into an unstoppable cyborg that will become the future of law enforcement = ROBOCOP. The Unrated Director's Cut is the only way to see this film: it shows scenes that were cut from the theatrical release in order to avoid an 'X' rating, it has an interesting commentary track from the film's director - writers - and producers, it has two theatrical trailers, storyboards from the film, and a written essay on the making of the film.
6305165912|5.0|To put this film down in any way, shape or form is sacrilege.  Okay, I won't go that far, but it was hilarious.  I can't explain it exactly.  Perhaps it was the characters or the memorable lines or the repetitive usage of an expletive that did not seem at all tedious but only added to the humor...the film was just funny.  Simply funny.  It had the quirkiness of Raising Arizona but a slightly more high brow type of humor than that of, dare I say, Dumb and Dumber and Something about Mary. (No diarrhea or mutilated dog scenes in this one.)  The Coen brothers and the cast did a great job.  I would recommend the film to anyone who likes a new brand of humor.
B000053ZRR|5.0|Desde el dia que compre el dvd no paro de verlo realmente me encanto ,se puede apreciar los ultimo temas de crush en vivo mas un buen Backstage con entrevitas,etc. La calidad de imagen del Dvd me parece muy buena,el sonido es excelente uno se siente como si estuviera ahi presente,estos tipos pese a sus aos cada dia tocan mejor y en este ultimo concierto queda demostrado ,aconsejo a cualquier fan de bon jovi que se lo compre no se a arrepentir en absoluto.
B00000DFSK|3.0|I was introduced to U2 with their song, 'With or Without You', so I bought the Joshua Tree.  I got &quot;The Best of 1980-1990&quot; for a Christmas present, and of course, it's a great album.  The reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because, of course, this isn't anything new!  If you have over five or six U2 CDs, don't buy this!  It's common sense.  You might as well buy the other albums, because full length albums are better than compilcations.  If you know someone who really likes U2's 80s singles, get this as a gift.  There's absoultely no reason to buy this if you already have a few U2 CDs.<br />Other than that, it's a great CD, that takes you through their early days of rage, through their experiments with sounds, and ending with their hard driving America Rock of &quot;Rattle and Hum.&quot;  There are some things missing here, however, such as 'Gloria,' 'Two Hearts Beat as One,' and 'In God's Country.'  <br />So, overall, if you're a die hard U2 fan, don't buy this.  For the rest of you, get this if you'd like U2's hits without getting all their albums.
0553579908|1.0|Greetings, fantasy people. Prepare to be blown away by this horrible book! Everyone is entitled to their own opinions, but personally, I believe this is the worst fantasy book I have ever read!    I picked it up after reading a rather good short story be George R.R. Martin in Legends, a compilation of fantasy and science fiction short stories. It was a waste of a good ten dollars! (several weeks of allowances).   Never have I read such atrocious material. All it revolves around is brutality, betrayal, gore, and too many confusing twists! Twists and numerous characters are fun; it was an interesting writing style, but too much is too much. After the first few chapters you are left absolutely bewildered with the plot and character changes. Emotional development is at an all-time low, all you can tell is happening is sadness and fear - and, oh yes, how could I forget, pain! There seems to be constant pain in this book!   Literally, folks, I could not make it half way through this book without saying,   &quot;Look, I've had enough of this. Jeez, what a waste of money!&quot;
0440224764|4.0|This book irked me, at first, because I thought that Grisham had given away the climatic ending and I would just be reading on to find the facts that led to this ending.  In contrast, the capture of the main character, Patrick, is far from the ending.  I read the book yearning for all of the tidbits that landed Patrick in his vulnerable situation.  After awhile, you learn to respect Patrick, and his ability to impeccably plan.  Ironically, the only thing Patrick couldn't plan is the one thing that catches him in the end.  One of my more favorite characters, was Trudy, Patrick's wife.  Although she was greedy, shallow, and extremely predictable, we can all identify with someone of her likeness.  One of the philosophical points of the book relays the message that everyone wants to get away, or to disappear in some way.  I, as well as many Grisham readers identified with this statement.  I was very surprised by the ending and a bit disappointed.  The hopeless romantic in all of us wants things to go another way, but the justice part of us feels that Patrick deserves this ending.  Overall, an excellent read.  A must read for those feeling  they need to get away from jobs, families, and responsibilities.
B00003CXB2|5.0|The long-awaited DVD version of &quot;Lawrence of Arabia&quot; is finally here; and it is not a diappointment.  Crammed with special features &amp; stylish packaging, this is a purchase best not passed over.  The classic epic about one man's triumphant journey through the Arabian Penninsula during World War I is not just a story, but a cultural and historic landmark in filmaking.  The movie, loosely based on T.E. Lawrence's &quot;Seven Pillars of Wisdom&quot; catches the essence of the book's magic as best a three-hour movie can about the escapades of a junior officer in the British Army whose ingenuity and courage lend catalyst to the Arabic revolt against the Turkish.  The cinematography, soundtrack, and acting come together in choreographed perfection to create a marvel of sight, sound, and magic.  This movie truly represents the pinnacle of Hollywood's moviemaking, and on DVD, it looks better than it has in years.
B00004Z459|5.0|Just as I thought that I had settled down with KoRn as the best band in the world, thes guys come along and break the scale! This is definately the best debut-album I have ever heard and also in the top 5 of the best CD's ever made...
B000056NX4|5.0|When I saw the 1973 version in the movie theater, I must have been 13 or 14 and a practicing Catholic, and even with that comparative lack of life experience I was quite underwhelmed.<br />But now that I'm 41 and even thought I'm now a practicing Unitarian Universalist, I must say that the PBS version is magnificent! Glenn Carter's performance was infused with marvelous humanity - I am definitely now a fan of his! Everyone else was great too.<br />To anyone who might have been turned off by the goth/urban look, I would note that humans have been infusing their artistic portrayals of the Gospel story with their own culture and technology for all of the past 2,000 years. Take a look through the religious art sections of the National Gallery or any other major art museum and see.<br />Also, I'm amazed at the way this musical (this or any other version) sends up our popular culture as a subtext. Don't we as a society worship our celebrity superstars as the next best thing to gods and goddesses? Think about it!
B00004VVNC|5.0|The majestic and untamed territory of Montana sets the scene for this unforgettable moving film.  A strong father, played by a remarkable actor, watches his sons grow into men, all very different in their ways.  But none of them as authentic, like their father, as Tristan.  Wild and knowledgable Tristan captures the hearts of everyone he touches.  The hardest of lives is set upon him, losing loved ones, but his spirit, that of a grizzly guides him through.  This is the greatest movie ever made and it will surely capture your heart.
6304675348|5.0|After a series of mysterious deaths, a seemingly peaceful community becomes a place where no one is safe...and everyone is suspect!That's when an offbeat group of friends rally to unlock the town's deadly secrets...and get caught up in a lively mix of thrills, chills and surpises! Featuring all-star talent including Drew Berrymore,Courteney Cox,Neve Campbell,Skett Ulrich, and David Arquette,this strikingly original and entertaining motion picture delivers nonstop edge-of-you-seat excitment...and fun!Scream is a crowd pleaseing smash hit with a sizziling cast - criticsa are calling SCREAM the hippest thriller of the year!
B000056QE5|5.0|Mary Poppins is really good. Actually, anything with Julie Andrews, Queen of Broadway is good, but I do believe that Mary Poppins is Disney's best.
6305537798|5.0|On his first day of school, Cameron (Joesph Gordon-Levitt) instantly falls for Biance(Larisa Oleynik)the gorgeous gilr of his dreams! The only problem is that Biance is forbidden to date...until her ill-tempered, completely un-dateable sister Kat(Julia Stiles) goes out,too!In an attempt to slove his problem, Cameron singles out the only guy who could be a match for Kat: a mysterious bad-boy (Heath Ledger) with a nasty reputation of his own!
B000001EGA|5.0|This album is tied with Goodbye, Yellow Brick Road for my favorite Elton John album of all time.  And it was such a relief after hearing the disappointing &quot;Caribou&quot;.  This is a time where you can REALLY tell and artistic deviation from his past, and he pulls it off very beautifully.  This album is an awesome concept album, catching the early years of Elton John and Bernie Taupin rather nicely.  The opening track is like a country type song.  I am not a big fan of country, but I happen to like this song, as it keeps Davey Johnstone on the guitars.  The only hit song on this album was &quot;Someone Saved My Life&quot; tonight, and that song is a gorgeous song as well with the catchy piano notes and the sharp notes Elton sings.  It is a hopeful song.  Also, it is followed by the rocky and catchy &quot;Gotta Get a Meal Ticket&quot;, which is one of my favorite songs on the album, like &quot;Someone Saved My Life Tonight.&quot;  Then it picks up into the opera-sounding &quot;Better Off Dead&quot;, and yes, ladies and gentlemen, it sounds like a song that Queen would do.  The final set is a medley between &quot;We All Fall in Love Sometimes/Curtains&quot; which is a FABULOUS way to end this album.  It is so soft and hopeful and optimistic.  That is what I love about this album.  Every song is perfectly placed in a wonderful sequence, and it is a true masterpiece.  I think the reason this album is so awesome is because Elton experienced these feelings and events that only he could formulate it so beautifully.  &quot;Curtains&quot; is such a great way to end the album that I really do not appreciate the bonus tracks being there.  Sure, &quot;Lucy in the Sky&quot; and &quot;Philadelphia Freedom&quot; are awesome songs, they really don't belong on this album... put them on &quot;Caribou&quot; or &quot;Rock of the Westies&quot;, where they belong more.  And &quot;One Day At a Time&quot; is not that great of a cover of the John Lennon song which I like a lot.  However, the album, bonus tracks and all, is DEFINATELY worth buying for anyone who wants to continue their interest in Elton John. <br />Sidenote:  This should not be the first Elton John album you buy, because you will not understand it.  If you want to know about Elton's personality and biography, buy this album.
6304938276|5.0|Away at college, Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell) thought she'd finally put the schocking murders that shattered her life behind her...until a copycat killer begins acting out a real-life sequel! Now, as highly eerily repeats itself,ambitious reporter Gale Weathers (Couteney Cox) and other Scream survivors find themselves trapped in a terrifying clever plotline where no one is safe!
B00005AAFS|5.0|I consider myself a true Rammstein fan. I've been with them since the beginning, so I do believe I'm in pretty good standing to dish out comments. Be prepared :)<br />Rammstein promised that this album would be more &quot;heavy&quot; to the style of their first cd, Herzeleid. Now while its true that it definatly IS less &quot;popish&quot; than Sehnsucht, its quite clear that Rammstein ARE becoming more commercial. Its something that we are going to have to face. <br />This is, of course, not an entirely negative thing. Make no mistakes - and let me make this clear right away - Mutter is an outstanding album and easilly ranks right up there with some of the group's best (uh... songs that is... they only have the 3 full discs).<br />I, for one, am happy with the change. A problem that plagues so many metal groups today is their inability to change. Rammstein has evolved well over time (granted - I personally did not quite appreciate the turn they took with the incredibly commercial Sehnsucht).<br />Mutter is a more musical, more melodic Rammstein - and to be frank - it works great. All their characteristic guitar riffs are still there. Till still sounds like... well... Till - granted he's a little more &quot;Singy&quot; than we may be used to but again, the changes are merely evolutionary.<br />Think of Mutter as Herzeleid with a touch of Sehnsucht thrown in but without the pop.<br />This was a difficult cd to make. A group needs to stay fresh, but without destroying what they are. This is what Rammstein has managed to do, well, with Mutter.<br />I could see this being a nice cd to get if you're new to this awesome group. For fans of either of their first two cds - there is much here to like. For fans of both - there is no excuse to not get this disc now.
B00004Y635|5.0|While Sidney Prescott (Campbell) lives in safely guarded seclusion,bodies begin dropping around the Hollywood set of Stab 3, the latest movie sequel based on the gruesome Woodsboro killings!And when the escaliating terror finally brings her out of hiding,Sidney and other Woodsboro survivors are once again drawn into and insidious game of horror movie mayhem! But just when they thought they knew how to play by the rules,they discover that all the rules have been broken!
B00000DHRZ|2.0|Americana is an upbeat, catchy pop/rock/punk album that is pretty good at first listen with songs like the uplifting Feelings,skaa-reggae-ish Why Don't You Get a Job?, and one of the only true punk tracks, The Kids Aren't Alright. The Offspring who were once a punk band have turned more into a mainstream band just making a bunch of songs that they know will get play on the radio (uh, can somebody say Pretty Fly For a White Guy). Their sound is ultimitely more bubbley and a lot of depth to their music has been lost. Other songs that suck include Pay the Man, Americana, Pretty Fly For a White Guy, and Walla Walla. Another problem with the cd is that the songs that are good are only good for the first few times,but then slowly get old. I think the reason for that is the music is just too pop-flavored. This cd will disappoint Offspring fans.
6302968143|4.0|You're in for a devil of a time when three outlandishly wild witches --Bette Midler,Sarah Jesica Parker and Kathy Najimy --return from 17th century Salem after they are accidentally conjured up by some unsuspecting pranksters!  It's a night full of zany fun and comic chaos once the tricky 300-year-old trio sets out to cast a spell on the town and reclaim their youth--but first they must get their act together and outwit three kids and a talking cat!  Loaded with bewitching laughs, HOCUS POCUS is an outrageously wild comedy that's sure to entertain everyone!
B00000IAU3|5.0|Unquestionably one of the best albums released since the wake of Nirvana's &quot;Nevermind&quot;.  Beautifully produced and arranged, it's wonderful to have dynamic range in recordings again!  Dido's voice is of a unique tone and style.  Apparently ascending to the status of new millennium Dusty Springfield.<br /><br />Enjoy this recording in multiple doses, it will grow on you!
6303921248|5.0|This was one of the best adaptations my sister and I have ever seen! I couldn't wait to start watching it and when we did, we were hooked! Colin and Jennifer did a superb job! What chemistry!!! Where's my Mr. Darcy?
0064471047|5.0|This was a wonderful book for children of all ages.  It is suspenseful and magical and really holds your attention.  I recommend this book for all ages.  It is nice for just pleasure reading or even reading it to children as a bed-time story.  The pictures are also nice and aids in the imagination.
6305546797|5.0|I don't plan to review this, I just have a question. Why didn't they just combine the 2 dvd's into one movie? Put the extra 12 minutes of footage into one dvd! Or does that make too much sense?
B00000K19E|5.0|I've seen this movie again and again.  And you know what?  I'm gonna keep seeing it again because it is by far the most awesome movie ever created.  Simply a masterpiece.  The fighting and special effects are so incredibly revolutionary that it will set the standard for movies to come for the next thousand years.  Already you can see the shockwave that it's sending through Hollywood's movies.  And after you roll up your tongue, you can watch the movie over and over again until you finally understand the movie.  The storyline is so complex and indepth, I found new pieces that I didn't notice before seeing it for the 18th time.  Hat's off to the entire crew.
B000002H2H|5.0|Well, maybe not.  But it is definetely on my top ten list of fave CDs.  While not one of the top three, it is near the top along with other Metallica classics Master Of Puppets and ...And Justice For All.<br />You shouldn't let the acoustic intro of the first track lull you into a false sense of security.  After those first few bars, all bets are of.  Distortion soaked solos and riffs saturate the album, from the entire RTL track to the solos within the acoustic track &quot;Fade To Black.&quot;<br />Kirk Hammet's and James Hetfield's guitars are fantastic, intertwining, and splitting the rythmn and lead duties, and the low end is as heavy as armageddon.  But what seperates this album from a lot of other heavy metal records is the thoughtful and intelligent lyrics througout each of the tracks.<br />The mix of guitars and lyrics makes beatiful and sometimes haunting tracks, and the album remains as strong from the first note to the last.  Each song retains a powerful political or social message: things ranging from nuclear war to suicide to even capital punishment.  However, opposite of the style of many politically tinged albums, James Hetfield hides the meanings behind stories and contradictions.  To actually discover the meaning requires much deliberation over each of his lyrics.<br />My personal fave track is the intensely beautiful and yet haunting &quot;Call Of The Ktulu,&quot; an 8 minute instrumental throughout which each band member has a chance to show what they are made of.<br />If you are a fan of metal and don't own this album, you absolutely must get it.  Probably one of the finest metal records recorded; it's up there with Blizzard of Oz and Black Sabbaths' &quot;Paranoid.&quot;  This record is worth every cent.
B00003CXE7|5.0|If you thought that an action movie can't move you, you're wrong.  If you thought that an ancient drama can't be action packed, then you're wrong.  Ladies and Gents, this one's 2 hours 35 minutes of absolute brilliance.  No lie.  People that didn't like it are not human.  The long plot slowly eases you into the movie.  By the end, you might believe that you were a part of ancient Rome.  The battles, I'll admit, are slightly gory, but who really cares when it's the most stunning masterpiece of our time.  We are witness to a turning point, a new curve has been set for movies yet to be made.  Gladiator is the best.
0671798154|5.0|Five Past Midnight is an extremely suspenseful and dramatic fictional story about the Nazi powerhouse in World War II.  The author, James Thayer, draws a captivating picture of what might have happened had Adolf Hitler's assassination attempt been successful.  The American assassin, Jack Cray, escapes a POW camp and takes the reader on a journey of clever sniper tactics and cold- blooded killing, and he will not stop until he completes his mission.  Cray gets aid from a few important characters along the way.  Katrina von Tornitz is a young and widowed spy for the allies, adding a perfect dose of romantic spin to the tale.  Otto Dietrich is brought back into the world after being imprisoned by the Gestapo to track down the well-known and feared American killer, adding suspense to the story.  Thayer makes the characters very real.  I could almost hear their voices while reading.  The way he described Hitler through the characters emotions and thoughts was remarkable.  The bunker scene, where Hitler was residing toward the end of the book, was particularly amazing.  I recommend the book to any one with a taste for suspense, and those who enjoy history or war related topics.
B00004Y9PP|4.0|\\"Pitch Black\\" is a movie whose cast is mostly unrecognizable (at least they were to me, except for Keith David).  As I began watching this film, I thought to myself, \\"There goes another 20 bucks down the drain.\\"  I guess I'm use to blowing a few bucks looking for something new that may have potential, but always seems to fall considerably short.  Soon after the opening 10 minutes (which admittedly caught my interest), \\"Pitch Black\\" began to settle down to a hum-drum, routine flick with all the typical trappings; a stranded crew on a deserted planet with an assortment of oddball and unsavory characters.  But just before losing total interest, a funny thing happened.  This film began taking unique twists and turns that I hadn't expected, and I found myself getting very interested in what was going to happen next.<br />Folks, this film fooled me.  Instead of a low budget sci-fi movie that has plot holes the size of the Grand Canyon, this one began shaping up rather nicely.  Yes, this film had its own assortment of plot holes, but nothing to the point of distraction.  The ecology of the planet and deadly creatures within suddenly began to make sense.  And the producers of this film didn't cheat the audience with marginal special effects.  They spent some money, and it showed.  I soon found myself hooked because, frankly, I didn't have a clue how this one was going to turn out.<br />I'm not going to go into the plot or the characters except to say that some of the characters work and some don't.  The pleasure in this film is discovering its surprising turns, and it does get very intense at times.  No, there were no Oscar worthy performances, but this team did good work most of the time.  And that's especially true of the script writers and the direction from Twohy.<br />Between 1 and 10, I give \\"Pitch Black\\" a solid 7.  While this film pays obvious homage to the movie \\"Alien\\", it stands pretty well on its own merits.  If you are looking for something that is not quite run-of-the-mill, and come into it without great expectations, this movie may fit the bill.  Who knows?  You might find yourself leaning forward and grabbing the arm of your chair more than just a few times.
B000056VIY|4.0|Jennifer Lopez (JLO) comes back to us with the same vibe but with a little bit more flavor for her 2nd album. She takes us on a journey starting with &quot;Love Don't Cost A Thing&quot;, a single that tells us all how love should be. She moves with &quot;Play&quot; and &quot;I'm Real&quot;, mediocre songs if you ask me but oh well. Then she takes on an extension of the single &quot;Waiting for Tonight&quot; with &quot;Walkin' on Sunshine&quot;. We move on with the next couple of songs until we hit &quot;That's Not Me&quot;, tight beat. Then we move on and go with the flow till we hit &quot;That's the Way&quot;. This song makes me love this album. The beat jumps out as she sings about how she can make her beau happy, a summer song indeed. Then we move on and get to the end of the journey finally with &quot;Si Ya Se Acabo&quot;. This album you should indeed check out and find that JLO is no one hit wonder.
B000002UB6|5.0|This is a very under rated album. The circumstance of its creation and completion leads people to discount it. Unlike the other albums the Beatles produced after they quit touring this one was not a product of multi-tracking pyrotechnics. Instead, it was a recording of live rehearsals for a projected major concert that was steadily down scaled until all that was left was the famous \\"last performance\\" on the roof of the Beatles' office building. This is probably one factor that leads people to rate it poorly. Another is that a documentary film was made of the sessions showing the group in four-part disharmony. Finally, the recordings, which were considered a mess, were turned over to super-producer Phil Spector who added strings and other embellishments that are regarded as out of character with the Beatles' original conception of the material. Thus, the album is not usually included in the roster of the group's best work. Case in point -- the Beatles dominated the top ten of VH1's 100 Best Albums, but this record wasn't included at all, let alone in the top 20, which is where I think it belongs.<br />Why do I think this? The proof is in the songs, which I believe include some of the finest the Beatles ever composed.<br />As with my other album reviews I will rate each song on a scale of 5 stars, with 5 representing a classic or timeless piece, 4 a great song, 3 a craftsman-like work, 2 a pedestrian affair, and 1 a throw away.<br />Two of Us - 4 stars - This is a rare Lennon-McCartney duet, and all the more poignant for the realization that they were nearing the end of their legendary partnership.<br />Dig a Pony - 4 stars - This is one of Lennon's many nonsense lyrics. Every line of it could be taken in more than one way. The song has a nice drive to it.<br />Across the Universe - 5 stars - This is a Lennon composition. It is also one the most beautiful songs ever written, with incredibly poetic lyrics. Strangely, Lennon didn't like this execution of the song and wanted to re-record it. Luckily, the other Beatles talked him out of it. It's hard to imagine how it could have been better. The song is also notable for its background singing. McCartney went outside the Abbey Road studios and recruited three Beatle fans to add vocal color. It must have been the thrill of a lifetime for those three young women. I wonder where they are now and how often they listen to \\"their Beatle song?\\" Their friends must be sick of hearing about it.<br />I Me Mine - 4 stars - This is a Harrison composition that seems to refer to the selfishness that was tearing the Beatles apart at this point. George was having a hard time getting a fair hearing for his songs, many of which later went on to be chart toppers. One of the most interesting things about the Beatle's work was the autobiographical nature of so many of their songs, such as this one. It is also amazing that they were able to record, as a group, songs that seemed to deal with their coming dissolution, both this one and \\"You Never Give Me Your Money\\" from \\"Abbey Road.\\" \\"I Me Mine\\" is a very good song.<br />Dig It -- ??? - This doesn't really qualify as a song. It is, rather, a recording of a jam session with nonsense lyrics added. Its inclusion here adds to an overall depiction of the live sessions from which the album was drawn.<br />Let It Be - 5 stars - An awesome melody and moving lyrics from Paul. This is another piece that reflects the feelings surrounding the group's coming breakup. Paul has stated that he had been fretting about the situation and had taken to telling himself, \\"just let it be.\\" The lyrics also contain a reference to Paul's mother, Mary, who died when he was young (something he and Lennon and Bono of U2 share in common). This is a classic, timeless song that will live forever.<br />Maggie May -- ??? - More improvisational jamming by the Beatles. This is a fragment of an old standard, another snippet thrown in to show the nature of the recording session.<br />I've Got AFeeling - 4 stars - This is a very fun song, with McCartney taking the cheerful side and Lennon the sardonic, as usual. You'll want to sing along.<br />One After 909 - 4 stars - This is one of the earliest songs Lennon and McCartney wrote together. It is recorded here for the first time and brings back some of the spirit of the Beatle's early compositions. One purpose of these sessions was to get the Beatle's back to their roots, and this is the one piece on the album that really reflects that goal. The song is a lot of fun.<br />The Long and Winding Road - 5 stars - This is another Paul McCartney masterpiece. It has a memorable melody and sophisticated, moving lyrics. Paul hated the string arrangements Phil Spector added later, but I think they work. This is another song that will live forever.<br />For You Blue - 3 stars - This is a Harrison composition. It's a slight piece, but fun. George had better material at hand, but couldn't get it recorded.<br />Get Back - 5 stars - A classic rock-and-roll number with memorable and mysterious lyrics. It will make you tap your foot and sing. The song evolved as a \\"found thing\\" arising out of an improvisational jam.<br />And so we have 4 five-star songs out of 10 (how many albums can say that?), 5 four-star songs, and 1 three-star song. All in all this is a great album that will reward constant re-listening. The record is also notable for many humorous remarks (mostly or entirely from Lennon) that were thrown in, including the classic, \\"I'd like to thank you on behalf of the group and myself, and I hope we passed the audition.\\" Pass they did. Pass they did.A Feeling - 4 stars - This is a very fun song, with McCartney taking the cheerful side and Lennon the sardonic, as usual. You'll want to sing along.<br />One After 909 - 4 stars - This is one of the earliest songs Lennon and McCartney wrote together. It is recorded here for the first time and brings back some of the spirit of the Beatle's early compositions. One purpose of these sessions was to get the Beatle's back to their roots, and this is the one piece on the album that really reflects that goal. The song is a lot of fun.<br />The Long and Winding Road - 5 stars - This is another Paul McCartney masterpiece. It has a memorable melody and sophisticated, moving lyrics. Paul hated the string arrangements Phil Spector added later, but I think they work. This is another song that will live forever. <br />For You Blue - 3 stars - This is a Harrison composition. It's a slight piece, but fun. George had better material at hand, but couldn't get it recorded. <br />Get Back - 5 stars - A classic rock-and-roll number with memorable and mysterious lyrics. It will make you tap your foot and sing. The song evolved as a \\"found thing\\" arising out of an improvisational jam. <br />And so we have 4 five-star songs out of 10 (how many albums can say that?), 5 four-star songs, and 1 three-star song. All in all this is a great album that will reward constant re-listening. The record is also notable for many humorous remarks (mostly or entirely from Lennon) that were thrown in, including the classic, \\"I'd like to thank you on behalf of the group and myself, and I hope we passed the audition.\\" Pass they did. Pass they did.
B000002HAJ|4.0|I wish robert smith could sing me to sleep..<br />Anyway.. This album is great<br />From the charming High, to the tragic ballad Letter to Elise, along with beauties such as To Wish Impossible Things and Edge of the Deep Green Sea..this album delivers you into the world of the cure.<br />Dreamy, tragic, beautiful, despairing.
6301661737|5.0|William Goldman, and American screenwriter, admonished aspiring screenwriters to begin scenes as close to end as possible. This is the sort of pacing that audiences--American audiences, at least--are accustomed to.  Akira Kurosawa's &quot;Kagemusha&quot; is quite a different sort of movie than would ever be produced by the American or even the European mainstream movie industry..  Its scenes are long and talky, with periods of silence, and still cameras.  The scenery, make-up, and mannerisms of the actors are exaggerated and often melodramatic, like you would find in formal Japanese cinema.  Anyone seeing this movie expecting a medieval action flick along the lines of, say, &quot;Exalibur,&quot; is very likely to be disappointed.<br />Which would be a shame.  This is a magnificent movie.  The photography and set design alone are breathtaking.  This is more a historical piece than a character study--the characters remain, for the most part, two-dimensional.  The focus remains tightly on the strategies and deceptions involved in keeping together the Shingen Takeda clan when their leader has died.<br />Scenes are often long and patiently filmed.  In one quietly dramatic scene, we see two lines of cavalry come galloping over an incline from a great distance.  The thunder of the racing horses builds, and the lines converge before us.  In this single shot, not much else happens, but the composition and sound create a powerful effect.  This movie is filled with subtle, magnificent moments like this.  <br />The battle scenes--well, no one can beat Kurosawa here.  The final scene depicts devestation and defeat with surprisingly little gore, yet is no less powerful (and, arguably, more) than, say, the graphically violent scenes in &quot;Saving Private Ryan.&quot;<br />This is a must-see for any movie buff.
B000002JSR|2.0|hallO! I got a question for ya all,..is this band the best band of all time?? with the last testament of their CODA album?  To be honest, ZEPPELIN seemed to be without having any inspiration anymore, by releasing the last CODA album.   The only one tracks I have loved, are only BONZOs Montreaux and the new version of I cant quit ya baby. The other tracks on this cd are part of major musically taste.....   Sometimes I dunno understand! why some fanatical said that they are the best band of all time?? if they were the  best one,....logically means that their last album must have been very very good! not like this Poor CODA.....
B000003CMB|5.0|Without a doubt one of the greatest live recordings in the vast history of rock and roll, and indeed, one of the finer recordings in any form.  Few bands have managed to fuse such a breathtaking mix of genres with such awe-inspiring perfection. At times conversely tight as a drum and jazzy loose, the interplay between all musicians is phenomenal.  There might not be a more underrated yet unmatched white blues singer as Gregg Allman or as tight a rhythm section as the fellows here. A perfect recording for a long drive in the car, a headphone moment, or typing a review.  Side bar: I had the good fortune to see Dickie Betts live in a small club setting in Pittsburgh many years ago and after his show (believe it or not he was opening for Mick Taylor who was pretty average and very impersonal)he casually walked about the club enjoying a cold one.  I approached him just to say how much I enjoyed the show and he shook my hand and struck up a good ten-fifteen minute conversation about music and life in general.  I was taken aback by his friendly manner and lack of rock star ego (can't say the same about the limp-wristed handshake and brush-off from Mick Taylor).  It solidified my opinion of Dickie and his band, that is, a rare blend of good guys and superb musicians.  As in touch with their own musicial spirit as they are with their human spirit.  Buy this one friends.
0060278234|4.0|I loved Lirael but I don't want to be gushy in my praise of it, though Lirael certainly is worthy of being the sequel of Sabriel. We learn a lot more about the magical Old Kingdom, and the story continues with the same tense, sometimes ironic tones as Sabriel. And interestingly, there is not just one main character, as there was in Sabriel - but two, Lirael herself and Sameth, the erring prince. However, I was a little disappointed in the way both Lirael and Sameth indulged in self-pity (the latter more often) and found Sameth's childish, selfish behavior rather annoying. But because Lirael isn't a complete novel, like Sabriel, (it ends abruptly with the story of Lirael and Sameth continuing in &quot;Abhorsen&quot;) I can yet hope these two main characters - Sameth particularly - will develope further.
6305910103|5.0|DigitalCritic<br />Short Review: 4.5/5 Captain Kirk takes on archenemy Khan, the superhuman maniac of \\"Space Seed\\" fame. Ship hijacking, betrayal, and bloodlust. All this plus the creation of a new world... and the death of a legend. An exciting and dramatic piece with enough kick for anyone.<br />Acting: 4/5 The Star Trek cast play it a bit smoother in this, their second film. Shatner walks alone most of the time, though he and Nimoy share some good dramatic moments in the end. Alley and Nimoy enjoy fun but chemistry-free screen time together as the Vulcan pair. The supporting cast gets so-so airtime. Koenig gets to be first officer on the Reliant after a tiny part in the first film. Doohan has a dramatic moment, that was reportedly cut down significantly. Kelley has probably the strongest lines in the entire picture, but little screen time. Nichols and Takei take a back seat to the rest of the crew, but come back firing strong in the next film.   The supporting cast is pretty darn good too. Montalban turns an explosive and surprisingly sinister performance as Khan. Besch and Butrick are entirely believable as Kirk's estranged family, and just prickly enough too. Alley is acceptable as the off-kilter Vulcan sidekick for Spock (Alley left the franchise and was replaced by the better Robin Curtis in Star Trek III: The Search For Spock). Winfield turns a brief performance as Terrel, but would return to Star Trek later (on \\"Darmok\\" in Star Trek: The Next Generation).<br />Directing: 4/5 Nicolas Meyer was given the task of constructing a cheaper and slicker sequel to Robert Wise's first Star Trek film. He took the task and ran with it. The film has an \\"alive\\" feel that never really returned to the franchise until the next time he helmed a film, in Star Trek VI: The Undiscovered Country. <br />Special and Visual Effects: 4.5/5 On-stage effects are good, but were restricted a bit due to budget constraints. The cavernous sets of the first film were scaled down to provide agrittier Enterprise under attack. Explosions were the big effects, as the ship is pummeled by the Reliant.<br />Visual effects are quite good. ILM took on a Star Trek film for the first time here. (They would be involved in the third, fourth, sixth, seventh, and eighth films as well, though with decreasing involvement as time went on). Although the model and planet shots are all well executed, it is the computer generated \\"Genesis Device\\" scene that bowled audiences over. Although today the scene looks a bit antiquated, it holds up astoundingly well considering it was generated nearly twenty years ago.<br />(To be fair, I should note that a number of shots from the first film were re-used. The Klingons in the simulation were from the beginning of the first film, as were the spacedock and plain-star warping sequences. Paramount had spent so much on the first film's effects that this just seemed like a good idea. This does not in any way detract from the film... the effects were well done!)<br />Picture: 4.5/5 The picture is very clear. Artifacts are nonexistent in all but a few screens.<br />Sound: 4.5/5 James Horner's music just sounds superb. Dialog tracking is a bit lacking, but sound effects are quite good. <br />Advice: Pay full price.
0064407667|5.0|I first heard about this book in a magizine ad. I had not read a good  book sinse Harry Potter so I tried it out. As soon as I started it beat Harry Potter by a million years and a third. I love this book!!
B000005RR0|5.0|The Rolling Stones have been the most enduring rock and roll band in music history. Their music has been out there for over 35 years. This is no accident. New listeners may want to know why, and this CD provides the answer.<br />Importantly, this CD is a fresh blended sample of their studio music, that provides an excellent answer to the question &quot;What has kept the Stones on top for so many years?&quot;<br />For fans, we already OWN all of the songs that we wish were on this CD.  We know Sticky Fingers by heart. In order.  But Sticky Fingers, Exile, Some Girls, and the other greats were all written and recorded within a specific time and place.<br />This mix of Stones grabs from all time periods.  Stone fans already know that the Stones' themselves figured this out years ago - their live concerts continue to present more and more of their older stuff, instead of only promoting their newest music.<br />Fans want to hear the songs they know.  New listeners should want to hear why there are so many fans.  This CD is a good start, with the music delivered in an unfamiliar order.<br />Sure there are songs that I wish were on this CD - T&amp;A, Let Me Go, Under My Thumb.  The list is endless.<br />DON'T JUDGE IF THE VERY BEST OF YOUR MOST FAVORITE SONGS ARE INCLUDED. This CD is not a voting survey, it is a presentation of the Stones from all time periods, as they were in the studio.<br />For this reason alone, the CD is a must.
B0000025H4|4.0|This '79 release marks the end of Preist' incubation period and places them in the rarified air of Metal Gods.  While far from their best effort, &quot;Unleashed&quot; presents an excellent compilation of Preist' first three studio releases.  The band would peak three releases later on &quot;Screaming for Vengenance&quot;, a metal masterpiece that successfully bridged the gap between the late 60's style metal and what would be become the modern metal movement (see Megadeth and Metallica).  While there are many band in the metal genre that can lay claim to seminal status, Preist certainly deserves, few metal acts consistently pushed the genre forward with such style and conviction.
B000005S0E|5.0|This is their masterpiece.  You gotta get this one.  It's well worth the extra money for the import!
B000002AE3|5.0|Sit back and let the melodies sooth your body and soul. This album flows through the deepest, most private regions of your soul. From the infectious guitar on &quot;Slipped Away&quot; to the beautiful instrumental layering and dramatic vocals of &quot;Other End of Time&quot; and &quot;Time is the Enemy&quot;, this collection is a must have. Toto blends musical passion with unforgettable hooks. I hung on every note as I was pulled willingly through this musical masterpiece. Toto has no studio equal..
0553213105|3.0|Pride and Prejudice narrates a love story of three sisters: Jane, Elizabeth and Lydia from the family of 5. &quot;Prejudice&quot; is said about Elizabeth, a handsome young lady of one and twenty (21) with eyes too beautiful and expressive even for artist's paints. &quot;Pride&quot; is said about Mr. Darcy, a gentleman who falls madly in love with her. They learn each other and learn to give and take for the sake of their love. No one could have opened this theme the way Jane Austen did and she did an amazing job, as you read it you see her style of thought and word from the first line to the last.
B000058T5E|5.0|There is only one Beck - Jeff Beck - and he is back just two years after the Grammy Nominated 'Who Else'. Jeff continues to innovate and explore new frontiers with a techno slant, while maintaining his legendary style and grace. 'You Had It Coming' is an exciting, fresh and absolutely wild collection of mostly instrumental tracks that showcase both sides of Jeff - heavy riffs and sweet ballads fit together on this incredible record. Buy an extra copy for a friend.
B0000027RL|5.0|If you had to pick one PJ album, it would have to be Ten. It's their only good album. Yeah! Their lost their metal edge after the other 5 or 8 albums, and this is the only one you need. It contains so much music and style than their other albums. It truly is a classic of the 90's. That's why their other albums suck. Because of their filed attempt to recreate this album. It won't happen. Their is only one 10, and it's essential Pearl Jam.
B000056NX5|5.0|This modern revival of the Andrew Lloyd Webber/Tim Rice masterpiece from three decades ago is nothing less than spectacular.  It is a film version of the 2000 Broadway hit, and it gives the audience an intimacy that a live show cannot.  We are right in the middle of all the action, standing amongst the characters as they move about--quite a thrill as this is an energetic and passionate show.  The stage set is simple and unobtrusive, the lighting dramatic, the acting inspired, and the singing simultaneously beautiful and edgy.  <br />The Last Supper scene, especially when Jesus and Judas have it out about the impending Betrayal, is amazing--it is a flowing, powerful, sung dialogue, an argument, a painful realization for both characters of what is to come.  When Jesus sang &quot;Gethsemane&quot; I was completely blown away; he sings with such a profound honesty and humanity, expressing his anger, his fear, his doubts.  Glenn Carter's range on this song goes from a pained whisper to a screeching anguish, with such melodic grace and power, you can barely breathe.<br />Having listened to the original concept 1970 album since I was a small child, I'd never before had any faces to go with any of the songs.  I was rather indifferent to the movie version with Ted Neely.  But this production, with Gale Edwards' vision fully supported by Lloyd Webber and Rice, has--for me--now become the definitive version of &quot;Jesus Christ Superstar.&quot;
B00000G3PA|2.0|I gave this movie 2 stars because it IS entertaining in the movie theatre, but if you're looking for quality story and acting, this is not the movie. It seems like the talented ensemble (Willis, Afflek, Thornton, Duncan, etc.) went out of their way to do a horrible, unbelievable job. There was not one point where I actually feared that a meteor was coming to earth. The scene where the president learns of the asteroid is just laughable &quot;dear God...&quot; Ben Affleck and Michael Bay are supposed to be a part of Peal Harbor, so I realllly hope they don't mess that one up.
B000009QPK|5.0|Simply a stunning display of aggression by the legendary Slayer. The only dissapointment was that &quot;At Dawn They Sleep&quot; wasn't included in this album. This proves that no band plays live like Slayer does.
B000002I2G|3.0|&quot;The Soft Parade&quot; (1969) remains The Doors' weakest studio recording, yet the overall album is not without merit. &quot;Shaman's Blues&quot; and &quot;Wild Child&quot; pave the way for the blues-oriented sound of the far-superior &quot;Morrison Hotel&quot; (1970) and &quot;L.A. Woman&quot; (1971). These aforementioned tracks, along with the hit single &quot;Touch Me&quot; and the underrated &quot;Wishful Sinful,&quot; are the highlights of a rather schizophrenic album. &quot;Tell All the People&quot; and &quot;Runnin' Blue&quot; sound like ersatz Blood, Sweat and Tears, while the ambitious title song suffers from a decided lack of focus (the 1969 live version on PBS has a lot more vocal and instrumental punch). Despite its flaws, &quot;The Soft Parade&quot; would prove a step in the right direction for Jim Morrison and company, resulting in some of their finest work.
B000000OSW|5.0|I bought Us after I heard one of the singles, Steam, played on the radio back when the album was first released.  I expected the album to be great, being familiar with his So album, but wasn't prepared for just how fantastic Us would be.  I still listen to it at least once a day, and every song on it is a favorite.  He is such a passionate vocalist, the music is fabulous, and his lyrics are touching and very personal.
B00004XQ8E|5.0|Walter, Ferrier. This alone could count towards this performance being excellent. But it's not. I had the very first encounter with Mahler when I was 14 through the introduction music of a radio program. I did n't know it then but it was the first notes of the Abschied. After a while I bought my first &quot;Song&quot; CD (the latter Walter version with the NYPO on Sony - a very good account also). Since then I have heard to more than ten interpretations including that of Bernard Haitink on Philips and a live with Agnes Baltsa and Fischer with the Hungarian State Orchestra - two really great accounts but still I haven't found that Ferrier feeling of Abschied. You can feel that she thinks it as her Swan song. Walter also just knows her so well - not the first time they were together in the &quot;Song&quot; - and the music making is unmatched since today. Not to forget Julius Patzak, a very characteristic voice that attributes to the greatness of this interpretation... But still this is a Ferrier CD. The sound  have limitetions being mono (strings are a bit thin) but this can not abstract anything from the best MAHLER recording ever....
B000003S5H|5.0|Great techno rhythm fused with a retro beat. Sort of '70s meets the Millennium. Mostly instrumental with a few wonderful works with Beth Hirsch, whose voice is amazing. Every track is great, but Kelly Watch The Stars, All I Need and You Make It Easy are exceptional.
B0000507R0|5.0|This is beyond question the finest of all of the DVD-Audio titles released to date. Technically, the sonic presentation of this old favorite is brilliant. Being far ahead of it's time back in 1973, this newly polished and turbo charged release brings this classic to the forefront of modern musical technology. If this is truly what the original  master tapes of Brain Salad Surgery sound like then ELP fans have been sadly deprived for almost thirty years by deeply inferior quality presentations. All previous  releases of this title be it on Tape, CD Etc. pale by comparison. For all ELP fans both old and new, you are really in for a treat. This artistic masterpiece can now be enjoyed in it's truest and most pure medium.  If you have a DVD player that is properly integrated into your home theater system then you should consider this DVD-Audio as a  must have. I guarantee one ear to ear grin that will start with the first note of Jerusalem and probably not end until (after?) the final spinning tinnish note of Karn Evil 9 (third impression). A generous bonus is the addition of the track Lucky man as well as lyrics and multiple video archival presentations. Audio buffs should note that there is a difference between a DVD-Audio/video player and a DVD-Video player. Please read the following: <br /> <br />What is the difference between DVD-Audio and DVD-Video? <br />DVD-Video is primarily a visual medium that offers more than twice the picture quality of VHS. In addition, DVD-Video offers stereo and compressed multi-channel surround sound utilizing Dolby Digital or DTS encoding. <br />In the same way that a DVD-Video player offers improved picture quality compared to other video playback formats, a DVD-Audio/video player offers improved sound quality compared to what is possible with either DVD-Video or CDs. DVD-Audio is capable of providing this superior listening experience in both stereo and/or multi-channel audio without requiring the compression technology necessary forthe audio that accompanies DVD-Video playback. <br />What is the difference between DVD-Audio and CD? <br />DVD-Audio can provide dramatically higher quality stereo than CD with a sampling rate of up to 192 kHz (compared to 44.1 kHz for CD). DVD-Audio digital sound can be delivered with up to 24 bits of data (compared to 16 bits for the CD standard). <br />Unlike CD, DVD-Audio has the ability to offer Advanced Resolution multi-channel sound. Artists and producers can offer listeners a playback experience that is far more faithful to the master recording than ever before possible in home entertainment systems. <br />Like DVD-Video, a typical DVD-Audio disc contains up to seven times the data capacity of a CD. For DVD-Audio, this additional data capacity is used primarily for music - either Advanced Resolution quality sound or for longer recordings; DVD-Audio discs may also offer visual content that can be accessed from on-screen menus. This may include text information such as artist biographies, playlists, lyrics, photo galleries and even video clips.
0061020710|5.0|Wow! I picked up this book after a friend, hearing me sound off on how much I loved &quot;The Hitch Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy&quot;, put it in my hands and told me not to speak to him again until I had read it. Let me say that I am very glad he did.       Not only can Pratchett form a phrase and mix a metaphor to rival the best authors of any genre, (&quot;Disliking him would be like kicking a puppy&quot;...&quot;his black-clad frame resting as nonchalantly as a Rimland puma on a jungle branch&quot;) but he can keep you laughing through all this literary prowess non-stop as well. While I have not yet read the other books in this series and thus cannot compare and contrast, let me just say that this book is one of the best I've read in a while. A long while.       Certainly one for the library (I actually so mutilated my friend's copy out of love that I had to buy him another one), this book also goes onto my list of 10 best. As a newly initiated Pratchett fan, I urge anyone with a taste for witty parody or even a few guffaws to try this book out.
B0000507R0|5.0|This is beyond question the finest of all of the DVD-Audio titles released to date. Technically, the sonic presentation of this old favorite is brilliant. Being far ahead of it's time back in 1973, this newly polished and turbo charged release brings this classic to the forefront of modern musical technology. If this is truly what the original  master tapes of Brain Salad Surgery sound like then ELP fans have been sadly deprived for almost thirty years by deeply inferior quality presentations. All previous  releases of this title be it on Tape, CD Etc. pale by comparison. For all ELP fans both old and new, you are really in for a treat. This artistic masterpiece can now be enjoyed in it's truest and most pure medium.  If you have a DVD player that is properly integrated into your home theater system then you should consider this DVD-Audio as a  must have. I guarantee one ear to ear grin that will start with the first note of Jerusalem and probably not end until (after?) the final spinning tinnish note of Karn Evil 9 (third impression). A generous bonus is the addition of the track Lucky man as well as lyrics and multiple video archival presentations. Audio buffs should note that there is a difference between a DVD-Audio/video player and a DVD-Video player. Please read the following: <br /> Audio buffs should note that there is a difference between a DVD-Audio/video player and a DVD-Video player. Please read the following: <br />What is the difference between DVD-Audio and DVD-Video? <br />DVD-Video is primarily a visual medium that offers more than twice the picture quality of VHS. In addition, DVD-Video offers stereo and compressed multi-channel surround sound utilizing Dolby Digital or DTS encoding. <br />In the same way that a DVD-Video player offers improved picture quality compared to other video playback formats, a DVD-Audio/video player offers improved sound quality compared to what is possible with either DVD-Video or CDs. DVD-Audio is capable of providing this superior listening experience in both stereo and/or multi-channel audio without requiring the compression technology necessary for the audio that accompanies DVD-Video playback. <br />What is the difference between DVD-Audio and CD? <br />DVD-Audio can provide dramatically higher quality stereo than CD with a sampling rate of up to 192 kHz (compared to 44.1 kHz for CD). DVD-Audio digital sound can be delivered with up to 24 bits of data (compared to 16 bits for the CD standard). <br />Unlike CD, DVD-Audio has the ability to offer Advanced Resolution multi-channel sound. Artists and producers can offer listeners a playback experience that is far more faithful to the master recording than ever before possible in home entertainment systems. <br />Like DVD-Video, a typical DVD-Audio disc contains up to seven times the data capacity of a CD. For DVD-Audio, this additional data capacity is used primarily for music - either Advanced Resolution quality sound or for longer recordings; DVD-Audio discs may also offer visual content that can be accessed from on-screen menus. This may include text information such as artist biographies, playlists, lyrics, photo galleries and even video clips. <br />PLEASE NOTE: A DVD Audio disc can be played on either a DVD Video player or on a DVD Audio/Video player. However, the extra information (playlists, lyrics, photo galleries, video clips Etc.) encoded on a DVD Audio disc are only accessible on a DVD Audio/Video player.
B0000025CP|5.0|I remember buying this album when I was a teenager back in '78.  And man what a killer album.  After hearing &quot;Stained Class&quot; I was hooked on metal for life!  Some of the best musicianship and lyrics in the genre are found here.  This is just pure classic heavy metal done the way it should be.  Go out and buy this one for sure!  You cannot be a metal fan without this one.  Judas Priest really made an incredible masterpiece here.  I love all of the songs on the album.  Not a dull moment in the entire 43 minutes of the CD.  The songs rock heavily and thought provoking.  The album shows a lot of sophistication and just pure quality.  If you like metal, this defines it.  Buy it!  It is amazing!
B00004Z400|5.0|I bought the original White Pony, and was shocked at how good it was. Back To School is an OK song, but it isn't at the same level as the rest of the CD. My personal favorties are the pounding &quot;Korea&quot; and the haunting &quot;Change (In The House Of Flies)&quot;. Deftones have been on the verge of becoming the next big thing ever since Adrenaline, and White Pony should put them on the top spot.
B00004U30D|5.0|A lot of people have mentioned that some people will LOVE this movie, and some just plain &quot;won't get it.&quot;  After watching American Beauty, you can really find out a lot about yourself.  It's one of those movies that digs down to your heart and opens up a door to a new point of view on life.  The characters in American Beauty are the epitome of a few of our modern-day personalities.  Most people would think it's pretty odd that a 16-year-old would like this movie.  Well, I'm 16 and I love it.
B00002MZ2C|5.0|This is my First RATM cd, but it wont be my last. I got it at target. I was listening to it, it was strikingly powerful even in the car. The first time i heard Rage was either The MAtrix (Wake Up) or Tony Hawk 2 (Guerilla Radio) Either way, I have become a die-hard fan of rage on the first time i heard this CD.
0792151712|5.0|Not that another review of this movie was needed, but I do not understand why it has been so popular to knock this film. What is there not to like? It has drama, action, romance, humor, pathos, you get it all! Cameron does not seem like the kind of man that I would like to know, but he has given us a great film. Except for a couple of minor inaccuracies for the sake of the drama, Cameron changed very little from the true story of the Titanic, and had little touches that a Titanic buff could appreciate like the Head Baker hanging onto the railing as the ship went down. It actually happened. So what if he invented Jack and Rose, he gave us a film that let us see and feel the hopes, dreams, and heartbreaks of 1500 people who died in the North Atlantic in a way that we could grasp it. I have seen other films based on the tragedy and they put me to sleep. This film is a gem.
6302759110|5.0|This is an excellent movie that blends the orignal Bram Stroker novel with outstanding special effects and superb acting. The mix of romance into the film made it all the better. This film takes you to two different levels: 1. it frightens you and 2. makes you feel a hint of sorrow not for the heroes but for the Count the villian of the film. Excellent writing and directing also. Highly recommend
B00003CX8J|5.0|This isn't 'just another superheromovie'. Not at all, this movie is very well done. A good cast, amazing special effects and a good storyline makes this a classic in its genre. Sometimes it's even touching, for example Rogue: she can't ever touch or be touched by a human being. That's so sad! This movie is definitely much more than I expected!
B00004YKUY|5.0|Journey's new album &quot;Arrival&quot; was, without a doubt, a most pleasant and invigorating surprise! Journey had long since gone down a path of being less guitar rock influenced, and more pop-rock styled. This album is a terrific return to form in which guitarist Neal Schon's monster riffs permeate throughout. Also at his best ever, in this reviewer's opinion, is Ross Valory. His bass playing in Journey is sadly underrated, and often ignored. Jonathan Cain is, as usual, an enormous contributer and is responsible for some of the best material on the album. Deen Castronovo leaves nothing to be desired in his talented drumming on &quot;Arrival&quot;. The biggest and most pleasant surprise, though, is Steve Augeri, the &quot;new&quot; lead singer. He's got amazing talent. At times he is a dead ringer for Steve Perry, but then again there are songs in which he leaves no doubt that he's his own man. Fans of Journey have found over the past couple of years, that Augeri can easily perform the material which Perry originally performed on. Now with &quot;Arrival&quot; he's established himself as a well deserved member, with his own vocal styles. Pleasantly, even though there are many moments on the CD which are decidedly different than Perry's style, those moments are every bit as much recognizable as the Journey sound as anything Perry ever did. In short, Augeri has the Journey sound.<br />Arrival, with a generous 15 tracks, covers all the bases...from the power ballads, to catchy rockers, to soulful bluesy tracks. There's not a sleeper in the bunch, yet there are certainly personal favorites already. The catchy rockers &quot;Higher Place&quot; and &quot;To Be Alive Again&quot; are impossible to sit still to, and you'll find yourself singing them over and over in your head. The amazingly soulful, moving, and latin influenced, &quot;Kiss Me Softly&quot; will undoubtedly become the background for many a romantic night between couples. The power ballad &quot;All The Things&quot; is a classic Journey ballad, up there with the likes of &quot;Faithfully&quot;.<br />In short, this album will NOT dissapoint classic Journey fans. They've managed to keep the signature Journey sound, while sounding new and fresh on several of the tracks. Stuck in the 80's? No...but they also haven't fogotten about the 80's and what music got them to where they are today. Journey stands out as one of few bands that have not abandoned the fans who helped them rise to such success.
0307120007|5.0|My first reaction to the simple illustration in this classic was skeptical - it seemed so bland compared to the multicolored creations more in vogue today. Therefore it came as a genuine surprise to me when this book became my daughter's favorite.
B000059S9D|4.0|After years of underground rock stardom, Porcupine Tree reached a new level of popularity with their latest album &quot;Lightbulb Sun&quot; in Germany: This album sold remarkably well and provided a minor hit single with &quot;Four chords..&quot;, but it was the following concert tour which really established the band as one of modern rock's most interesting outfits. This nicely packaged double-disc set (double slimline jewel case + additional slipcase with slightly different cover art-work) was released in order to attract new fans and to say 'thank you' to long-time PT followers. The sticker on the front of the slipcase quotes several reviews from German rock magazines, however odd they may seem: &quot;Ten times dynamite&quot;, &quot;8.5 out of 10 points&quot;, &quot;The most exciting, adventurous and multifaceted rock band of today&quot;, and so on. For a short and intriguing introduction to the wonders of PT, the bonus disc will do the trick since it features three audio tracks and one hidden bonus cut plus some CD-ROM material with the video clip of &quot;Piano lessons&quot; and some additional information about the band's members, discography, and image gallery. The pick of the bunch is undoubtedly the 6-minute edit of &quot;Buying new soul&quot;, a song which will appear in its entirety on PT's forthcoming rarities collection. This is simply one of the finest and most melodic rock ballads I've ever listened to, as well as one of the saddest: It opens with various understated ambient sounds which are somewhat reminiscent of Wilson's output under the Bass Communion banner, then subtly introduces acoustic guitars and fragile singing which build into a catchy and pretty memorable refrain. The piece culminates with a short guitar solo and ferocious drumming before suddenly returning to the opening gambit of alienated guitar samples, slight synth patterns and dark atmospherics -- this should be compulsory listening for all fans of Radiohead and comes highly recommended. &quot;Pure narcotic&quot;, one of the obvious pop songs from the album &quot;Stupid dream&quot;, is much lighter and friendlier in comparison, albeit not nearly as engrossing. The live performance of &quot;Tinto brass&quot;, another track which originally appeared on &quot;Stupid dream&quot;, offers a faster-paced rhythm and highlights Wilson's guitar work, while the 2-minute untitled bonus cut seems a bit out of place here, featuring nothing but a Mozart-like string arrangement. The CD-ROM section is also worth noting because it contains the video clip of &quot;Piano lessons&quot; (again, a song taken from &quot;Stupid dream&quot;) and does also succeed in providing an overview of the band's work. So prior to the release of this &quot;German Deluxe Tour Edition&quot;, there never really was a definitive 'first purchase' for the novice, and this compilation really deserves top marks for such a visually and musically attractive design, but the fact that most of these tracks are available on &quot;Stupid dream&quot; makes the bonus disc somewhat redundant for fans who already the aforementioned album.<br />&quot;Lightbulb Sun&quot; itself was regarded as PT's attempt to become pop stars, featuring more commercial and musically structured songs than any other PT album while retaining the freedom of expression the band experienced within their earlier output. Interestingly, while many '90s rock bands have moved increasingly towards the integration of electronic rhythms, digital manipulation and sequencing -- the best example may be Radiohead's new album &quot;Kid A&quot; -- &quot;Lightbulb Sun&quot; is actually much more akin to the art-rock-meets-radio-pop approach from the likes of Pink Floyd and latter-day Marillion. The pop-song brevity of most songs refuses to let an idea or guitar solo kicked to death and lends an accessibility to the music which other art-rock releases often lack. The album starts with the Beatles-que &quot;How is..&quot; and three perfectslices of guitar-orientated and gripping songs, the most impressive and best of which is the 5 1/2-minute title track: Opening with crisply strummed acoustic guitars and quite depressive lyrics (either about a sick child lying in bed or someone who has a major depression from a failed relationship), the chorus completely turns the table with its aggressive, roaring guitar riffs and keeps the listener off-balance. Although, in my opinion, the album never reaches this level of intensity again, it comes close with the rather catchy single &quot;Four chords..&quot;, which has a similar structure to the title cut in that it moves from rhythmically dense guitar chords and ethnic percussion patterns to wonderfully atmospheric interludes. &quot;Shesmovedon&quot; continues with these themes of experimentation and guitar pyrotechnics within the pop-song format and makes for great listening; after that, it becomes a little more romantic with the peacefully drifting &quot;Last chance..&quot; and the utterly charming &quot;The rest will flow&quot;, the latter augmented by a beautiful string arrangement which provides some of the album's best moments. Five stars so far, but then it all starts to go a bit awry with the lyrically awkward &quot;Hatesong&quot;, which also tends to sound tuneless and underdeveloped due to its lack of ideas and the fairly standard rock beat. &quot;Where we..&quot;, well, is close to being run-of-the-acoustic-guitar-mill for PT and the 13-minute &quot;Russia on ice&quot; is just too ponderous and dramatic for my taste, but I'm sure that PT fans are thrilled with the latter piece. Finally, Wilson offers a glimmer of hope with the album-closing &quot;Feel so low&quot; by creating an uplifting and hopeful atmosphere. In their affection for referring musical ancestors without exactly sounding like them and mixing it with Wilson's soft voice and his stories about life and love, PT have made an album that sounds ancient and modern at the same time. While &quot;Lightbulb Sun&quot; may not be a great leap forward for PT, it's easily among the band's most accomplished and satisfying works to date and is really worth a listen for all fans of sophisticated pop/rock music.slices of guitar-orientated and gripping songs, the most impressive and best of which is the 5 1/2-minute title track: Opening with crisply strummed acoustic guitars and quite depressive lyrics (either about a sick child lying in bed or someone who has a major depression from a failed relationship), the chorus completely turns the table with its aggressive, roaring guitar riffs and keeps the listener off-balance. Although, in my opinion, the album never reaches this level of intensity again, it comes close with the rather catchy single &quot;Four chords..&quot;, which has a similar structure to the title cut in that it moves from rhythmically dense guitar chords and ethnic percussion patterns to wonderfully atmospheric interludes. &quot;Shesmovedon&quot; continues with these themes of experimentation and guitar pyrotechnics within the pop-song format and makes for great listening; after that, it becomes a little more romantic with the peacefully drifting &quot;Last chance..&quot; and the utterly charming &quot;The rest will flow&quot;, the latter augmented by a beautiful string arrangement which provides some of the album's best moments. Five stars so far, but then it all starts to go a bit awry with the lyrically awkward &quot;Hatesong&quot;, which also tends to sound tuneless and underdeveloped due to its lack of ideas and the fairly standard rock beat. &quot;Where we..&quot;, well, is close to being run-of-the-acoustic-guitar-mill for PT and the 13-minute &quot;Russia on ice&quot; is just too ponderous and dramatic for my taste, but I'm sure that PT fans are thrilled with the latter piece. Finally, Wilson offers a glimmer of hope with the album-closing &quot;Feel so low&quot; by creating an uplifting and hopeful atmosphere. In their affection for referring musical ancestors without exactly sounding like them and mixing it with Wilson's soft voice and his stories about life and love, PT have made an album that sounds ancient and modern at the same time. While &quot;Lightbulb Sun&quot; may not be a great leap forward for PT, it's easily among the band's most accomplished and satisfying works to date and is really worth a listen for all fans of sophisticated pop/rock music.
B000059H99|5.0|This is one of the greatest stories of all time.  Rocky paved the way for all movies, comedies included, that give the underdog a chance at fame and glory.  From nothing to greatness, Rocky shows us that all you need is heart and the will.  Accompanied by a great soundtrack, this movie is a winner from start to finish.  Along with the other four, possibly the greatest collection of films to date.  If you ever need an uplift, or a reason to work out, even get your life in order, the Itallian Stallion is the key.
B0000025P9|5.0|Nothing revolutionary about it.  And it's a prime example of record biz fabricated ear candy... but I love it from beginning to end.  Besides the hits Rosanna, Africa, I Won't Hold You Back, etc., there are several other strong songs on this disk, including &quot; We Made It&quot;, &quot;Afraid of Love&quot; and &quot;Waiting For Your Love&quot;.  Great musicianship and finely crafted tunes... so put away that Limp Bizkit CD for 40 minutes and rocket back to the early 80's with Toto.  And I swear I won't tell anybody.
0140186409|4.0|In The Grapes of Wrath, by John Steinbeck, the Joad family fled their Oklahoma dwelling, in search of fictional California jobs. Scarred by the Great Depression and the seemingly everlasting Dust Bowl, the Joads futilely traveled to California, a land they dreamed was filled with opportunity,  countless jobs,  and acres of fruit that one could pick right off the tree and eat. With a large family plagued with hunger, sickness, death, and a pregnancy, the Joads struggled daily to survive among the thousands of other refugees from drought and famine.  Steinbeck writes with startling bluntness. Nothing he writes is \\"candy coated\\" or semi-truthful. He tells accurately of the troubled times the Joads faced and tells us exactly what they would have said. He uses the words, the grammar, and the thoughts that such \\"Okies\\" would have expressed; as shown in this passage:  \\"Danny in the back seat wants a cup of water. Have to wait. Got no water here. Listen - that the rear-end? Can't tell.<br />There goes a gasket. Got to go on. Listen to her whistle. Find a nice place to camp an' I'll jerk the head off. But, God Almighty, the food's gettin' low, the money's gettin' low. When we can't buy no more gas - what then? Danny in the back seat wants a cup of water. Little fella's thirsty.  Listen to that gasket whistle.\\" I liked the honesty and truth that John Steinbeck writes with and thought it was interesting how he would shift gears every chapter and, instead of focusing on the Joad family, would show the reader a bigger picture. He stops focusing on one particular family, and illustrates the daily routines that every \\"Okie\\" family dealt with. I recommend this book to anyone interested in an awe-inspiring and shockingly true book.
6305922756|5.0|Well i just can say one thing! That is not a movie it is a documentary of the British Rock legend Spinal Tap. If you  consider it as a movie it is not funny at all, but if you look at it as a rockumentary than it is the funniest thing i ve ever seen. It is full of satire of distinct metal bands such as Iron Maiden (I think it is the biggest influence for Tap) , Black Sabbath , Dio , Rolling Stones ... It is a must see for a rock or metal fan...
B00005AAFS|3.0|Sehnsucht was a pretty big album for Rammstein. It marked their first commercial success in the states and placed them on the very successful mega-arena Family Values Tour 1998. Along with the album came a lot of controversy concerning the Columbine shootings, which, afterwards I didn't think we would ever see another Rammstein album. Well, I was wrong. Rammstein return with, well, just what you would expect from Rammstein. Grinding guitars, pulsating drums and that classic german growl. Only this time around, it is wearing thin. For me to be able to enjoy a band's music, I have to be able to relate to or understand the views and emotions that are being displayed by the band through lyrics, which is the problem with Rammstein: You cannot understand a word they are saying. Now that's not saying they don't have anything important to say, but I just cannot understand a single word they say, which made it very hard for me to enjoy this album. Many times bands can translate emotion through the music, guitars are usually the case, and a lot of times the piano is incorporated. Rammstein have yet to acquire either of these elements. All the guitar riffs are pretty much the same, making this a very mindless and redundant album to listen to. Good the first time, but don't expect much replay value.
B00004YYDI|5.0|Wow, I loved this movie from beginning to end. It's the type of movie that you think about for a while, it really get's to you I suppose.<br />The acting, music, sound.. everything about it is great.<br />Jean Reno plays a hitman that's the best at what he does, he's not social at all and has some weird traits for a hitman: He likes to watch old Gene Kelly movies in theatre He only drinks milk He loves his plant He sleeps in a chair full clothed with his sunglasses on right next to a gun.<br />Strange as it may seem it just adds to the greatness and uniqueness of the film. Natalie Portman in first movie debut plays Mathilda, a streetwise 12-year old girl who is way beyond her years (maturely). She has a drug dealer father who abuses her and neglects her, a prostitute (I think) step-mother who just ignores her, an older sister who she just hates and a 4-year old brother who she loves very much. Her father holds drugs for corrupt DEA agents (the boss being Gary Oldman), after they come back they find that he has taken some and he refuses to confess. They give him until 12noon the next day to find out who took it. Leon and Mathilda have only spoke briefly a few times up to this scene. The next day comes, Mathilda is on the steps with a bloodynose that her father gave her, Leon gives her a tissue, then she tells him how she's going grocery shopping and offers to pickup some milk for him, he lets her. While she is shopping the Gary Oldman and his accomplices come back, Gary Oldman grabs his partner's shotgun and single handed kills Mathilda's step-mother, sister and later his father after his father tries to get away. Another one of Oldman's accomplishes shoots the 4-year old boy as he tries to run away. After all this happens, Mathilda comes back from the grocery shopping and instantly knows what has happen, she casually walks past her doorway to Leon's door, then rings the doorbell begging Leon to let her in (this is a very moving scene, one of the many scenes where Natalie's acting is truely amazing). After a minute or so, Leon finally let's her in, then the movie takes off from there.<br />This is by far one of the best movies I've seen (and I've seen very many movies). Luc Besson does a bang-up job with this movie. This is the type of movie where you can watch it again and again. Not only does it have great action sequences but there are a few scenes where you can get a little tearly eyed (hey I'm one of those guys that never cries in movies and this movie left water under my eyes). Luckily I never saw the US version, I'm glad because after reading what parts were taken out of the US version, I don't think I would liked the movie as much. The UnCut international version includes the extra 24-minutes of footage that makes this movie complete.
0312853238|5.0|Let me say off the top that I am not a science fiction aficianado. The last sci-fi book I read was &quot;Dune&quot;, and that was 25 years ago (and I read only halfway through that one, to boot). But this is a great story on a purely human level. Ender, the third child in the Wiggin family (which makes him a societal outcast right at the start due to population control laws), just might be the one with the right temperment and intelligence to someday command the fleet that will rid the universe of the feared race known as the Buggers. Ender is taken from his family, trained and, some could argue, psychologically abused and exploited at a special battle school. He is tested up to and beyond any expected limits. Meanwhile, back home, his abusive brother Peter and beloved sister Valentine assert political influence over the &quot;net&quot; (keep in mind this book was written in 1977, well before the proliferation of the internet as we know it today). Will young Ender be the one to make it through to the end when all others have failed?<br />This book grabbed me and didn't let me go until the very end. I detected a strong spiritual element to this book, with a surprising theme of redemption and forgiveness in the final chapter. There are so many levels to &quot;Ender's Game&quot; that I could write a whole book about the book itself, but all I can do is advise all who read this review to beg, borrow, or buy a copy right away and be amazed at its sheer brilliance.
B00005A1PR|5.0|I am so glad I found India.Arie's CD. Her songs satisfy my soul in the manner of a great novel.  For weeks, I was unable to get passed the first six tracks on the album because I kept starting the cd over from the beginning.  I eventually made it to the end of the CD and I am happier for it.  Some of her lyrics seems to come straight from my life and heart.  Her songs have a universal appeal that will rank this album as one of the best of all time(on my list, anyway).  I did not think that a CD would come along any time soon to take Jill Scott's place in my CD changer.  But, lo and behold another queen has arrived. Thank you India.Arie for your realness and sincerity.  The original heartfelt lyrics are just what a girl needs to cope with the stresses of today's world. Songs to pay attention to are: Promises; Brown Skin(so sensual and sexy); Strength, Courage, &amp; Wisdom; Back to the Middle; Always in my Head(I LUV THIS ONE); Ready for love. India.Arie thanx for paying homage to those who came before you.  I was pleasantly surprised to hear you mention my great-aunt, Memphis Minnie.  I am grateful for this music. It lightens my heart and soul.
B000021XS0|4.0|I bought this album early last year, and I have to admit it is quite good, although I would say Images and Words and Awake are better.  The only reason I have decided to write this review now is because some of the acclaim this album gets is undeserved.  First, I will mention some of the highlights: If you're a musician, it's impossible not to love the instrumental Overture 1928; it's extremely similar to the material on the first Liquid Tension Experiment album that I liked so much (for those of you that don't know, this album featured Portnoy, Petrucci, Rudess, and Tony Levin). Fatal Tragedy also is a great track, which features a blistering guitar solo, and a few pretty mean riffs, as well as the simple yet tasteful riff in the verses. Track 8, Home, is probably the best song on this album.  While you might argue that the main riff in this song is a bit on the trendy sounding side, it's a great riff and fits the song quite well.  The song builds quite well, and especially the climax (including the guitar and keyboard solos) during the part that leads to the last chorus. Lastly, Dance of Eternity is just plain crazy.  If you want to hear some just whacked time signatures, I recommend no other song EVER!  If you thought that playing in 13/16 and then switching to 15/16 and then swapping between these times every other measure seemed impossible, guess again.  This is just an example of some of the crazy time sigs this song has.  Also, the ragtime part is pretty cool sounding.<br />The downside of this album: I hear people say all the time that this album is original (a hence, a masterpiece) because it's like one song; it's continous and there is a common theme between all songs.  I would like to inform you all that this concept is nothing new; in fact, it's been used over and over by various and (oh God...... ) sometimes trendy acts.  To give DT credit for something like this shows your ignorance about music.  Another downside of this album are the great number of tracks that lack the expected progressive quality we've grown to expect from Dream Theater.  Let's admit it - when we pick up a Dream Theater CD we want and expect to hear some crazy musicianship every song.  Tracks 1, 4, 7, 9 and the last few provide little if any musical quality.  Their only apparent purpose is to provide filler space and go off and explore some theme that everyone is supposed to rave about.  Sure, this is a concept album, but music isn't about themes first, music is about music.<br />Now that I've expressed my displeasure with some of the album, I will reiterate that this is a very good album, but that's only because of great musicianship shown in a handful of tracks.  The moral of the story is:  music is music because it's music, not because it's supposed to put forth some fictional theme that has no meaning whatsoever.  Instruments speak louder than themes.
B00004W55E|4.0|I had a hard time getting into this CD at first.  When I finally found some quiet time, I loved it.  This is less R&amp;B oriented than her previous CD. I think one hears the real Rachelle Ferrell on Individuality.  I suggest find a quite spot to revel in her artistry and you'll be happy that you did. Songs to pay attention to: I Forgive You; I Gotta Go (Tell It, Girl!!); Why you wanna mess it all up?; Gaia- Duet with Johnathan Butler(Great Song).
B00000IPAX|2.0|okay, i hate to sound repetitive of everyone else, but it's the truth. this album blink released is NOT punk. back in the day, blink was a pretty okay punk band. so if you're looking for blink182 punk, i suggest you buy Cheshire Cat or even Dude Ranch. But it is so obvious on how blink182 changed if you listen to Cheshire Cat and then Enema. Now they just sound like pop-wanna-be-punk or something. but, if that's what you want, then go ahead, be my guest. i just think this album is really poor, but that's coming from a punk fan.
B00003CXPD|4.0|\\"Billy Elliot\\" Is One Of The Best Movies Ever Produced. Jamie Bell, (Billy Elliot) Plays The Part Amazingly Superb. The Soundtrack Is Awesome. And With Jamie Bell Doing All His Own Dancing Is Also A Great Plus. The Movies Shows How We As People Should Do What We Feel Best For Ourselfs Regardless Of What Others May Think.  By The Middle Of The Movie You Will Have Formed an Emotion For Each Character, and At times Mixed Emotions. But One Thing For Sure You Will Totally Fall In Love With Jamie Bell's Character, &quot;Billy Elliot&quot; He Will Appeal To You In Every Aspect Possible, And Will Touch Your Heart &amp; Your Soul.  Jamie Bell As &quot;Billy Elliot&quot; Will Makes You Feel As If You Can Do Anything You Put Your Mind to. And The More You Watch It The More You Learn. I rated it &quot;4 stars\\" just because It Was Somewhat Confusing At Times. I Had To Watch It A few Times to Get It All But That Is No Reason Not To Watch It.       The Editing From Scene To Scene was marvelous As Well; With the Music Playing a Roll. Some Of the Camera Angles Were Magic. The Movie Was over-all wonderful &amp; Heart Felt.  I'd recommend It To anyone. Buy It, Rent It, Borrow It. Just As Long As you See it!!       One More Thing Its Rated \\"R\\" ONLY For some swearing, But I think it would be Perfect for pre-teens and Young teens maybe teach them something about Doing what They Believe In No Matter What The Others May think.  Teens these days Always feel they have to \\"FIT IN\\" So if your A parent don't be scared to show this amazing Movie to them View it yourself first if you don't want to take my word for it. Its Lessons is Larger then its offence. There is No sex in it. Trust Me If You See it once You wouldn't mind seeing it again with your son or daughter. It's just that good. I work in a Movie theatre so I get to watch movies and I went into that movie on my Break even though it was he same part a lot of the time I still went into it because it was that compelling. See it Learn from it Love it. Trust me. :) <br />With Care To Everyone, I wish you all the best of life NOW AND FOREVER.
B00004TH7Z|5.0|While die hard retro-maiden fans will swear by &quot;Piece of Mind&quot;, there is no denying that Maiden's latest release is the quintessential recording that this band has to offer.  The Wicker Man and Ghost Of The Navigator are great numbers destined to be in the live set for the rest of this band's existence.  The title track and Blood Brothers are very melodic.  The rest of the material is solid.  The Mercenary points to past maiden material from the early 90's.  The Fallen Angel is a heavy departure from the Maiden norm.  The only bad song on the album is the last track.  Definitely the most worth-while album.
B00000IAU3|2.0|For two weeks, I couldn't walk across campus without hearing &quot;Dido&quot; and &quot;new trip-hop goddess&quot; spewing from the mouths of wannabe highbrow hipsters. Intrigued, I sat through the entire album.<br />It's not trip-hop.<br />I fought disillusionment and listened again.  Other non-trip-hop music is good too, right?<br />Well, not hers.  Most of her songs remind me of Sade remixed and de-jazzed for women's Nike commercials.  That is, they would if the lyrics weren't so damn boring.  Never will her love be &quot;taller than the Empire State&quot;--it will only suffice to make life &quot;not so bad.&quot;  <br />And a lot of fans seem to be impressed by the &quot;innovative&quot; acoustic guitar use.  Folks, you want good acoustic guitar music, you buy it.  You can even find it mixed better into cooler stuff.  You don't sit around gushing about how ingenious it is to strum three chords to soul-numbingly tame new-age synthesizer riffs.<br />Don't get me wrong: I'm keeping her album.  This isn't terrible music.  Dido is perfectly reasonable listening material for doing your taxes or drinking tea on a rainy day.  But she's no goddess.
B00003CXMG|2.0|I can't say that this movie is terrible, but I really don't get how everyone is so enamored by it.  It was extremely boring, it didn't go anywhere, and it seemed to drag on and on.  It really suffers from the same problem that &quot;Jerry Maguire&quot; had: it doesn't know if it's supposed to be comedy or a love story, and it falls completely flat.  The bus scene was embarrassing to watch.
B000056K04|5.0|I knew it would come. I knew that DMB would have a classic. This cd proves that. 1.) I did It.<br />Good, yet not so good. Does not deserve the &quot;hitness&quot; that it posseses. 4 stars 2.) When the world ends.<br />My personal favorite. Great job on the background music. 5 stars 3.) The space between.<br />I also love this song. Dave Matthews proves his vocal ability, to be a great one. 5 stars 4.) Dreams of our fathers.<br />I think this song is very interesting. Very unique in it's sound. 5 stars<br />5.) So right.<br />Plain weird. 3 stars 6.) If I had it all.<br />Hey Dave! You have all you need. Still a great song. 4 stars 7.)What you are.<br />??????? 2 stars 8.)Angel.<br /> My second favorite. Amazing lyrics. Where do they come up with this stuff. 5 stars 9.)Fool to think.<br />The best music on the whole cd. 4 stars 10.) Sleep to dream her.<br />I have not really gotten into this song but I still like It. 5 stars 11.) Mother Father.<br />I would not ask my mom or dad these questions In my lifetime. Weird. 3 Stars<br />12.)Everyday.<br />Cool and exotic sounding song. Love it. 5 stars<br />Well now you have my opinion, now go see for yourself.
B000002W9P|4.0|I needed a couple of more items to &quot;bulk out&quot; a recent order, and I'd heard the name &quot;Helloween&quot; a few times in the past, and it sorta stuck in my head.  On a whim, I picked up the two &quot;Keeper&quot; albums, and was blown away.  Good guitar riffs, good song writing, and the awesome vocals of Micheal Kiske conspire to make this a must have!<br />In the couple of weeks since I received these cds, I have become a big fan of Helloween, picking up &quot;Master of the Rings&quot; and &quot;Time of the Oath&quot;, and have ordered &quot;Better than Raw&quot; and &quot;Dark Ride&quot;.  Helloween's a fun, melodic band, and should not be missed by anyone who enjoys metal music.
B000006045|5.0|Ok, I am finally going to review this record... like my opinions count on this one... everyone in the world should own a copy of Mezzanine. I think this is the one record that has come out in a long time that really changes the way music needs to be created, listened to and appreciated. I'm no Beatles fan, but i understand their impact, and this record is the most important peice popular music to come out since Sergent Peppers. 20 years from now, when my kids start asking out the music that I listened to growing up, i will play them Mezzanine. To call this record dark is certainly an understatement, but also an overstatement. Make no mistake that Mezzanine is moody, but it's not so dark that it's cheesy, and there is no fluff (except for the last track... why bother?). The tracks are painfully simple in construction, but subtle in their beauty and complexity of structure. For the most part, everything is slow... really slow... downtempo to the extreme. It sounds to me like a deconstruction of all music today.
B000056NX5|5.0|This is a fabulous performance of a wonderful work, and I recommend it most highly.  The listener need not be a Christian or a pop/rock devotee to enjoy it--I have no particular ideological or aesthetic sympathies with its subject matter or style. (I am a devout agnostic/secular humanist and a composer of contemporary classical music, with little affinity to most pop music--and proud of it.)  It is simply a fine artistic statement, very moving, engrossing, and involving on many levels.<br />Musically Andrew Lloyd Webber is at his finest.  There are a few unfortunately trivial moments (&quot;Gethsemane (I Only Want To Say)&quot; has some awfully uninspired and repetitious music, although dramatically it is one of the climaxes of the opera) but most of the music is sophisticated and engaging.  Usually thought of as a &quot;rock opera&quot;--and certainly the majority of the music is rock--Jesus Christ Superstar incorporates a wide stylistic palette, drawing on sources as diverse as Romantic symphonic music ca. 1890, Music Hall tunes of the 40's, and even a touch of the atonal and avant-garde.  (The crucifixion scene contains &quot;sound mass&quot; music reminiscent of Ligeti's works such as his Requiem, probably most well known to audiences as the &quot;monolith music&quot; from the movie 2001.)  This plethora of stylistic influences is matched by a subtle compositional technique--I am very impressed by the ease with which Webber writes in somewhat unusual meters like 5/4 and 7/4.  Clearly here is a man who studied his Brubeck, and the result (for example Pilate and Christ) is as natural and flowing as the rest of the music.  [Webber has made both this stylistic eclecticism and metric flexibility his hallmark, most successfully in Evita.]<br />This production picks up Webber's eclecticism and brings it to the fore.  Rather than attempt historical accuracy (as if such a thing were possible in a rock opera based in biblical Jerusalem sung in English) a postmodernist approach is taken, with familiar symbols both real and fantasy thrown together in an asynchronous stew.  The costumes of the authorities, both Roman and Jewish, are fantasy, but there are clear references to fascist and particular Nazi paraphernalia, especially in Pontius Pilate's attire. Simon Zealotes is a Rambo-esque character and comes complete with machine guns and bandoleers. The apostles and disciples look rather like Jessie Jackson hoped his Rainbow Coalition would turn out. King Herod is a nightclub entertainer, and there are angels in PVC, reporters in fedoras, background singers in evening gowns, etc.  (When will we get the action figures, I wonder?)  And against this anachronistic explosion, Jesus remains garbed in a seemingly historically accurate linen robe.  That the whole is not just the Village People's stylist's psychotic episode is evident in the fact that it WORKS.  Removing any historical context, while it may upset some more conservative Christians, brings Jesus' story to life--makes it universal and conversely gives it personal meaning in a way that a more literal representation would not.  Likewise, conservative Christians may criticize the adaptations to the Gospels that Tim Rice has made (which other critics here have already enumerated), but they are very effective.  That Jesus' doubts and fears almost overwhelm him in the garden of Gethsemane makes him human, and thus one of us.  Dramatizing what is recorded in the Gospels to enhance this seems completely appropriate, and making Pontius Pilate torture himself as well as Jesus has similar results.  Without doubt, without fear, Jesus would become like Superman, impervious to mortal harm; and thus his sacrifice would become meaningless.  That Pilate and Judas struggle with their own decisions, and are unable to comprehend Jesus' message is vital to recognizing them as ourselves, and certainly much of the drama of the story would be lost without this gloss.  Pilate's decision is every bit as climactic as Jesus' acceptance of his fate at Gethsemane, if not more so; and it is, in fact, the decision we make all too often.  Most of us won't be nailed to crosses, but we will be forced to make decisions that we know are morally wrong but which are popular nonetheless.<br />In addition to the music and dramatization, the performances are well worthy of note.  In particular Glenn Carter as Jesus, Jerome Pradon as Judas, and Michael Shaeffer as Annas are a trio of amazing tenors.  They are not operatic, like Pavarotti, Domingo, and Carreras; but they have stunning voices and I hope to hear more.  Frederick B. Owens's Caiaphas is a profound and gorgeous bass, and Fred Johanson as Pontius Pilate came very close to stealing the show.  My only criticism of the performances was the over-frequent use of speaking or shouting a word or phrase for emphasis in something that was otherwise entirely sung.  Occasionally this can be effective (as in the original LP recording), but when Herod and Pilate do it repeatedly it loses its effect and destroys the melodic sense of the song.  Likewise, I was very disappointed that Christ shouts his last word, &quot;Into Your hands I commend my SPIRIT!&quot;--it absolutely destroyed the dramatic sense of the moment and seemed wildly inappropriate, although I do understand the impulse.<br />Nonetheless, these criticisms are minor indeed, and this DVD of Jesus Christ Superstar is well worth the price.  Most highly recommended.limactic as Jesus' acceptance of his fate at Gethsemane, if not more so; and it is, in fact, the decision we make all too often.  Most of us won't be nailed to crosses, but we will be forced to make decisions that we know are morally wrong but which are popular nonetheless.<br />In addition to the music and dramatization, the performances are well worthy of note.  In particular Glenn Carter as Jesus, Jerome Pradon as Judas, and Michael Shaeffer as Annas are a trio of amazing tenors.  They are not operatic, like Pavarotti, Domingo, and Carreras; but they have stunning voices and I hope to hear more.  Frederick B. Owens's Caiaphas is a profound and gorgeous bass, and Fred Johanson as Pontius Pilate came very close to stealing the show.  My only criticism of the performances was the over-frequent use of speaking or shouting a word or phrase for emphasis in something that was otherwise entirely sung.  Occasionally this can be effective (as in the original LP recording), but when Herod and Pilate do it repeatedly it loses its effect and destroys the melodic sense of the song.  Likewise, I was very disappointed that Christ shouts his last word, &quot;Into Your hands I commend my SPIRIT!&quot;--it absolutely destroyed the dramatic sense of the moment and seemed wildly inappropriate, although I do understand the impulse.<br />Nonetheless, these criticisms are minor indeed, and this DVD of Jesus Christ Superstar is well worth the price.  Most highly recommended.
B000056K04|1.0|Not to say that DMB hadn't sold out before, but I really don't know what Dave was thinking by putting out this album. His music has definitely been lacking the chemistry that he once had in the past... I don't know what DMB intended to do except sell records when he got himself a new producer famous for making hits and cut a song and video of &quot;I did it&quot; that fits perfectly into the TRL scene.  If this is the way the band was starting out and wanted to get it's break and get it's music out there with a pop sound it would be almost understandable. But as is, the band was and is so accomplished to the fan base that it's mindblowing to comprehend why he would do something like this.  They have dissapointed so many with this crap. I can say that DMB was my favorite band, and now I can't say I feel the same way. I just lost a lot of respect.<br />If you wanna hear catchy music, buy it. If you don't think you'd like a TRL version of Dave don't.
B000001FZK|5.0|a beautiful album. listen to it repeatedly. the details accumulate as you listen. mark hollis is, to say the least, an underrated talent. not enough people know about the later Talk Talk and his solo work.
014028009X|5.0|While most people will read this book because of the movie version starring Renee Zellweger, its important to remember that the book has been around for quite a bit of time, and that its essential reading even if you have seen the film.<br />The problem with reading a book AFTER you've seen the movie version is that you undeniably relive the scenes with the cinematic players in mind. Luckily, my time with this book was spent before the film opened and I was able to appreciate Helen's attempts at comedy with a better perspective on what she was trying to do - create a female character so flawed and jinxed, that it was impossible but to fall in love with her.<br />I must say that some of the scenes here read funnier than when they made it to film. But to give it credit, the movie version excelled in portions that were more or less underplayed in the book - the blue soup incident, and the mom-on-TV segments especially. However, I must say that the quality of language and the author's writing style here are wonderful and quite exceptional. Rarely has there been a book that makes you want to meet the lead character, but this one does just fine on that count.<br />The only concern I had is that while Bridget Jones's Diary is a journal that takes you through a girl's life in a year, the movie seemed to be more a collection of little vignettes, focussing less on the diary itself - though in the end, its the diary that brings her happiness and the man she loves. Readers may find the climax a bit silly (it looks even more contrived on film) but keep in mind this was written for twenty-somethings looking for a way to pass their time on a lonely weeknight, and not for aspiring professors of literature. Still, there are highly comic moments, and I'd have to give it to the author for sustaining my interest in the book until the very end.<br />And yes, if you're wondering if all your favorite scenes from the movie are there in the book, well, the answer is both yes and no. And there are bits and pieces that I found essential to the story that were left out from the movie, but thats no big deal. As a novel, this reads very well, and its satisfying to learn that it will gain renewed attention now that the film version is out.<br />On another note, when I first read the book, I did not at all picture Bridget the way Renee does her in the film. I saw her more as a plump Toni Collette ('Muriel's Wedding' and 'Emma') or a bloated Kate Winslet ('Sense and Sensibility', and 'Jude'). Also, the Hugh Grant character seems more suave and smooth than Hugh does on film - a Rupert Everett or Jeremy Northam was what I first thought of in this role. However, Bridget's mum is as funny here as she is in the film. What I really love about the entire Bridget Jones Diary madness going around is that the film really compliments the book and is a faithful reproduction, for the most part. If you're a person whos been thinking about reading this book based on the hype thats been circulating, I would urge you to get it now. For once, heres a work of comic writing thats worth your time.<br />Highly recommended!re are bits and pieces that I found essential to the story that were left out from the movie, but thats no big deal. As a novel, this reads very well, and its satisfying to learn that it will gain renewed attention now that the film version is out.<br />On another note, when I first read the book, I did not at all picture Bridget the way Renee does her in the film. I saw her more as a plump Toni Collette ('Muriel's Wedding' and 'Emma') or a bloated Kate Winslet ('Sense and Sensibility', and 'Jude'). Also, the Hugh Grant character seems more suave and smooth than Hugh does on film - a Rupert Everett or Jeremy Northam was what I first thought of in this role. However, Bridget's mum is as funny here as she is in the film. What I really love about the entire Bridget Jones Diary madness going around is that the film really compliments the book and is a faithful reproduction, for the most part. If you're a person whos been thinking about reading this book based on the hype thats been circulating, I would urge you to get it now. For once, heres a work of comic writing thats worth your time.<br />Highly recommended!
B00004XONN|4.0|...that make good music and others that make good art.  Kid A is art.  It is a wonderful composition by Radiohead and yet another gem in their crown, but for the sake of an album you could fall in love with, their previous works rank better.  <br />If you love Radiohead and their style, some the tracks might surprise you.  You'll sit back, patiently waiting for them to kick in and then suddenly realize they're over.  Most of these songs will not get stuck in your head...nor will they get considerable play on the radio.  That's not a knock against this album, only the truth.  Kid A remains a pure form of Radiohead and it succeeds on that level.
B00004YKUY|5.0|Well, Journey has done it again, with their new CD &quot;Arrival.&quot;  I've been a fan of Journey's for over 20 years and they continue to amaze me with their awesome music.  This new CD offers a great example of the bands talented members.  You are able to rock out on some jammin tunes, expierence the vocal talents of Steve Augeri, who's fantastic, and hear the talents of Neal Schon's awesome guitar playing!  This Cd offers something for everyone with rockin songs, ballads, and even some bluesey tunes.  Journey still rocks and this CD is a definite example!!
B00000JZJ0|3.0|When you first watch this film, be sure to realize that it is trying to capitalize on perhaps one of the best horror films ever.  Compared to Re-animator, Bride is much gorier, violent, humorous, and cheesy.  But it doesn't work as well as the original did.  The plot is much worse than the first one and deviates from the original Lovecraft text.  The effects are good however, and the acting is still top notch.  But while watching this movie, you can feel the lack of great direction by Gordon.  It seems like Brian Yazuna tries to make everything funny and gross at the same time and it doesn't work as well as it did when it was unintentional as in the original.  Bride is still entertaining and worth a look if you like goofy horror movies, but don't expect the magic of the original.
0783229526|1.0|This had to be one of the worst films I've ever seen.  For the most part, I'm a big fan of Terry Gilliam.  I thought Brazil and 12 monkeys were two of the greatest films.  This movie, however, is for blind diehards.  It was just one visual of drug use after another.  It was not funny, nor was it interesting in the least bit.  I actually watched it a second time hoping to find some saving grace for the film, but sadly I could not.  If you are considering buying this film, I urge you to rent it first otherwise you will be disappointed...
6304233639|5.0|Loved it.  Love it every time I watch it.  It never gets old.  The performances by the outstanding cast and the special effects make this one of my favorite sci-fi flicks.  If you haven't seen this one yet you need to - it's a classic.  Keep in mind that it was not intended to be a deadly serious film.  It is highly interspersed with comic relief efforts by several fine actors, and with the exception of perhaps one scene in a stripper bar (no-she does not take all her clothes off), the film is also highly viewable by young adults.  Very young children may not be ready for the violent content or the concept of real-looking aliens, but on the other hand the language is basically kid-friendly.  A highly entertaining film.
B000000OAH|5.0|It doesn't really get any better than this.  This album has everything Queen were capable of.  Rock, Opera, Baroque, Ballads and even dance (or disco)!  To me, this is Queen summing up everything they had put onto a record throughout the 70's with a glimpse of the areas they were going to venture into in the 80's and beyond.  Fat Bottomed Girls and Bicycle Race are the songs that everybody knows inside and out (heh), so no need to discuss those.  Personally, my favorites on this album are Roger's, funnily enough.  Fun It is just a really fun song and More of that Jazz displays Roger's vocal capabilities quite well.  Just listen to those high notes he hits.  Up until a few weeks ago, I was certain that Dreamer's Ball was written by Freddie - it reminds me very much of Lazing on a Sunday Afternoon and Seaside Rondevouz from Opera, but it was in fact written by Brian.  Another of my favorites. As I always say, go out and buy Jazz if you want to get to know Queen 70's.  It has it all.
0441172717|5.0|Dune by Frank Herbert/ Science Fiction; Chilton Book Co., 1965:<br /> Sometimes one man can make every single person?s lifelong dream come true. This notion is effectively conveyed in Frank Herbert?s science fiction masterpiece, Dune, published in 1965. Just like many science fiction novels, Dune takes place at an unknown time. Dune could have taken place many years ago or could take place many years in the future.  Dune is the story of the Ducal heir, Paul, of House Atreides, later called Muad?Dib. Herbert tells of Paul?s quest to avenge his family?s demise, and about the consequences of such a quest. Laced into this epic tale are elements of theology, and the majestic power one single prophecy can hold over an entire race. The prophecy was that a man would come who would change the face of the desert planet, Arrakis, the capital of House Atreides. This man would fulfill humankind?s most impossible dream, water on Arrakis. He would also be the rightful ruler of all humankind. He would be called the Lisan al-Gaib ? Guess what? Paul is the Lisan al-Gaib.  Herbert writes in a highly detailed and logical fashion. Although Dune is an extremely descriptive book, Herbert writes in such a way that a reader cannot help but remember all the small details in Dune. This quote from page 466 shows Herbert?s writing style: ?He was warrior and mystic, ogre and saint, the fox and the innocent, chivalrous, ruthless, less than a god, more than a man. There is no measuring Muad?Dib?s motives by ordinary standards.? The same can be said of Herbert?s writing, it  surpasses ordinary standards.  In my opinion, Dune is one of the greatest science fiction novels of all time. Touching on religious and superstitious beliefs, Dune almost undetectably deals with issues that were happening when Dune was written. I believe that Dune gives a person incentive to do something with his/her life. It inspires a person by showing that nothing is impossible if a person tries hard enough. Herbert?s omnipresent view of conserving resources, especially water, will make one think about conservation. The reader of Dune is like a fish; once you are caught, it is hard to escape. --Ben Mandel, Greenwich CT.
0385335482|4.0|Becky makes me feel a little less troubled. Her shopping is out of control! This book is great if you have this problem. Of course, its got a happy ending, but it depressed me to have finished it!
B00004T8RK|5.0|I have to disagree with alot of people here, saying that Pearl Jam have &quot;lost it&quot; with this record and this isn't what they are capable of.  Maybe alot of you tend to forget what music is all about, I would say music is primarily about evolution and creating something new with each and every song.  Altough I do NOT agree with the person who said that Alice in Chains and Soundgarden did the same records with different titles every CD, actually listen to an Alice in Chains record and tell me if any of the songs song alike, or even close to any others, Alice in Chains evolved along with Pearl Jam and Soundgarden.  This CD is just amazing and there is no way to describe it.  I recommend everyone goes out and listens to this CD for themselves, I can't tell you that your gonna like it but listen to it as a CD and stop comparing to their earlier releases.
B000000OAN|4.0|When I first bought this album, not so long ago, I wasn't all that familiar with Queen.  I think the only other albums I had were Jazz and Hot Space.  So, naturally, I loved this album and thought it didn't get any better.  Well, it does, believe it or not.  To me, this album is grossly overrated, although it does have it's great moments.  As a whole, the album is probably as strong as Queen were capable of, but put in the CD and listen to Seaside Rondevous or Sweet Lady.  See what I mean?  One thing I do enjoy about this album is how all the songs flow right into one another, it just never seems to stop.  I'd say this is a  good album to start out with for anybody that wants to get to know Queen, but go out and buy Jazz and Sheer Heart Attack as well, and compare to A Night at the Opera.
0441172717|5.0|Dune by Frank Herbert/ Science Fiction; Chilton Book Co., 1965:<br /> Sometimes one man can make every single person?s lifelong dream come true. This notion is effectively conveyed in Frank Herbert?s science fiction masterpiece, Dune, published in 1965. Just like many science fiction novels, Dune takes place at an unknown time. Dune could have taken place many years ago or could take place many years in the future.  Dune is the story of the Ducal heir, Paul, of House Atreides, later called Muad?Dib. Herbert tells of Paul?s quest to avenge his family?s demise, and about the consequences of such a quest. Laced into this epic tale are elements of theology, and the majestic power one single prophecy can hold over an entire race. The prophecy was that a man would come who would change the face of the desert planet, Arrakis, the capital of House Atreides. This man would fulfill humankind?s most impossible dream, water on Arrakis. He would also be the rightful ruler of all humankind. He would be called the Lisan al-Gaib ? Guess what? Paul is the Lisan al-Gaib.  Herbert writes in a highly detailed and logical fashion. Although Dune is an extremely descriptive book, Herbert writes in such a way that a reader cannot help but remember all the small details in Dune. This quote from page 466 shows Herbert?s writing style: ?He was warrior and mystic, ogre and saint, the fox and the innocent, chivalrous, ruthless, less than a god, more than a man. There is no measuring Muad?Dib?s motives by ordinary standards.? The same can be said of Herbert?s writing, it  surpasses ordinary standards.  In my opinion, Dune is one of the greatest science fiction novels of all time. Touching on religious and superstitious beliefs, Dune almost undetectably deals with issues that were happening when Dune was written. I believe that Dune gives a person incentive to do something with his/her life. It inspires a person by showing that nothing is impossible if a person tries hard enough. Herbert?s omnipresent view of conserving resources, especially water, will make one think about conservation. The reader of Dune is like a fish; once you are caught, it is hard to escape. --Ben Mandel, Greenwich CT.
B000006NPY|4.0|Corgan indeed is a genius, and his beautiful work shows that. Adore is a heartfelt album, full of sadness and tear. Never have I seen such a sorrowful album.<br />Their previous release, &quot;Mellon Collie And The Infinite Sadness&quot; will always be remembered in my heart. It has the mixture of Meloncholy to it, and then adds a bit of sadness. All the rock anthems were perfect, and all the sad songs had unknown teardrop amounts and feelings shed. Adore is wonderful in its own way, considering it is a beautiful album. 14 tracks (out of 16) have Piano and/or Acoustic Guitar. The other two have techno (Ava Adore and Perfect). The best song in my opinion &quot;Perfect&quot; is the best song on here by far. It is beautiful, and it makes goosebumps crawl up and down my spine when I listen to it. My dear friend Billy I have lost contact with (if you know who I am talking about) said his two favorite songs were &quot;Bodies&quot; (MCIS) and &quot;Perfect&quot;, because they came from everything and everyone he ever knew and/or loved and adored. But...the only complaint I have on this album is that it gets TOO sad at times. You often get tired of listening to Billy and his heartfelt songs, all though mostly all of them are beautiful. But some of them are pointless on this album (Annie-Dog, Shame, 17). That's why my advice is to definately get it, just dont listen alot in short periods of time.<br />Ever since the melodies of &quot;Jennifer Ever&quot; I have loved the pumpkins. Adore is a great piece of art, and should never be left out of any Pumpkin fan's hands. Click &quot;ADD TO SHOPPING CART&quot;, and I promise you that you won't be left in the dust.
B000002H2H|5.0|I bought this CD about a month ago and back then I thought it was good, if unexceptional. Over time, this album grew on me until I now regard it as metal perfection. Ride the Lightning combines the rapid-fire riffs of Kill 'em All with some slower moments in track 4, Fade to Black. Another exceptional part of Ride the Lightning is its flow. Fight Fire with Fire gets me pumped up with its insanely fast riffs. Then the tempo slows a little with the title track and a little more for For Whom the Bell Tolls. It settles way back for Fade to Black then picks up again for Trapped Under Ice. Escape is easily the worst song on the album, but that's not to say it's bad, it's just that the others are so good. Escape's faults are forgotten with the great,heavy track Creeping Death. Finally comes Call of Ktulu. I think this is the true masterpiece of the album. It's the best instrumental Metallica has done (it blows Orion out of the water). After that 9 minute tour de force you can sit back and feel proud to own this masterpiece of metal.
6305311463|2.0|This is a typical Michael Bay movie: expensive, dumbed-down, busy and noisy, and as forgettable as a bad joke.  I really give it 1-1/2 stars, and that is only for the fortune's worth of production values wasted on this tripe.    To say it is peopled with comic book characters is an insult to comic book writers everywhere.  Bruce Willis and a bunch of sluggos join NASA to save the world from a giant asteroid.  In the hands of someone like James Cameron this might have worked.  Cameron has a feel for the down-to-earth expertise of blue collar professionals.  Not here.  A good cast is wasted with repellant characters and dialogue no actor should be forced to spit out.  There isn't a real emotion or scene anywhere in this piece of junk.    This is the worst kind of Hollywood movie.  A tremendous amount of money and talent in the service of a trash script.  If you want to see a movie with a similar theme done with intelligence and insight, with some real emotion and characters that approximate actual human beings, and excellent special effects that actually service the story, see Deep Impact.      For what it's worth, the DVD surround sound is great and is the only salvation in this 2-1/2 hour excursion in drivel.
0783117523|5.0|It is without a doubt one of Angelina Jolie's best work and best performance. The academy award winning actress should have won an Oscar with &quot;Gia&quot;, if only the film wasn't made for cable. An actress of the 20th Century, Angelina Jolie isn't just eye-candy, the girl can really act. Unlike other actresses, she has the unique qualities of talent and charisma.  The film is also seriously under-rated for it's directing and scripting. With every camera angle and dialogue, director Michael Cristofer made Gia come to life. From the first love scene between Gia and Linda to the morning after, the drug problem to the interview to relaunch her career and the heart wrenching choice that Gia made, choosing drugs over love is painstakingly written and choreographed.  If you love the film, make sure you read the book by Stephen Fried &quot;A Thing of Beauty: The Tragedy of Supermodel Gia&quot;, it will leave you crying.
B000050XEI|5.0|Enya is a wonderful celtic singer, and I enjoy listening to all of her songs, and I would give her a perfect &quot;10&quot; for each and every album and song that are out on the market.     All I have to say is:<br />  ATTENTION PEOPLE!! BY ALL OF ENYA'S MUSIC AND SEE FOR YOURSELVES HOW WONDERFUL HER MUSIC AND SINGING REALLY ARE!  Thank you.
B00004YKUY|5.0|To all the critcs, JOURNEY IS BACK, no its not steve perry, but steve perry with a perm, like the drummer said on VH1. great music. and to those who gave this 3 star or less, you have no understanding in music and the growth of an artist, so stop living in the past, perry on soft in all the albums since frontiers, very little rockers in raise on raido, trial by fire and his solos, hey great ballads, but Journey is a rock group, not air supply.
B00000JNO2|5.0|This is my favorite Skynyrd album. All the songs are great. There is no filler on this CD. Producer Tom Dowd was the best thing that could've happened to the band. He just let them do what they do best. As usual, Ronnie and his posse sing and play like they're ready for a street fight. Ronnie is in charge and everything will be settled right now.
B0000584V3|4.0|Well, to start off, I'm a major Opeth fan. I loved every single one of their albums, from Orchid to Still Life. Blackwater Park is a great album. Really, there are some totally mind blowing and exceptional songs in this album. But, overall, somehow I feel like the previous Opeth 'magic', isn't quite missing, but, how do I put this... They're becoming less and less metal. Heh. Morningrise is my personal favorite. I listen to that album almost everyday, its really so incredible, I find new quirks everytime I listen to it. Blackwater Park, while it's an awesome CD, some songs are very very heavy, but as someone stated earlier, it has a sleepy feeling to it. <br />It's understandable that Akerfeldt is exploring new horizons, while using his very broad range of vocals, and music diapason, however I dont quite find the feeling that I feel when listening to outstanding previous Opeth works. Don't get me wrong, this is great in its own way, but Opeth is kinda shifting from its previous direction, more in the rock direction, rather than black metal. Yes, I know Opeth has everything from every music department, death/black/jazz/rock/blues/etc etc, however, I liked Opeth's earlier albums more.
0060278234|5.0|The book Lirael tells the story about two very special charecters, both different and similar in many ways. Lirael has never felt like a daughter of the Clayr. Not only dose she look different from the rest of the tanned, blond haired, blue eyed Clayr but she lacks the single most important thing that defines her as a Clayr. The SIght, or ability to see into the future. THis bothers her so much that she decides to end her life. But she is stopped and suddenly her life changes forever. Little dose she know but she has a destiny that not even the most expert Clayr could predict.<br />This story is also about the young Prince Sameth (son of Sabriel and King Touchstone). Since his sister will become the Queen of the old Kingdom, it's his job to become the Abhorsen. The only problem is he is deathly afraid of death (pun not intended). THere is nothing he wants less than to not be the Abhorsen. But dose he have a choice?<br />With a wonderful story that rivals it's predecessor, Sabriel, Lirael is definatly a must read. You'll enjoy seeing some old charecters such as Mogget (my favorite charecter), Sabriel, and Touchstone. And a bunch of new and entertaining charecters too. If you liked Sabriel you'll love this book.
014028009X|5.0|I saw the movie this week when it came out and was mildly amused.  But after hearing so much about Bridget Jones, I thought that there had to be more to it, so I bought the book and read it in two days.  The book is fantastic.  Bridget Jones is such a memorable character who is likeable and familiar.  I could relate so much to her trials and tribulations (either through first hand experience or things my girlfriends have been through).  Bridget Jones is every singleton woman wrapped in one.  Yet as familiar as she is, Ms. Fielding has created an entirely unique character in Bridget.  I can't wait to read Edge of Reason next.  For singletons out there, I would also highly recommend In The Drink and Fried Calamari (two well worthwhile books that are as funny as they are insightful).
B00004XONN|4.0|I hated, hated, hated, hated this album when I first heard it. That was about 4 months ago. I've listened to it occasionally since then and I must say that I am, if nothing else, at least sympathetic to what they were trying to do. Anyone who has heard the other Radiohead albums must know one thing: They are musical geniuses. That much is true. And it only follows that musical geniuses are going to get bored with producing conventional music and once in a while they are going to throw this stuff out. I was particularly bothered by all the people who immediately loved the album, since I think it is impossible to immediately love an album like this. Most of those people were simply prepared to love anything Radiohead released.  I at first felt that this was not in any way, shape, or form *music*. But in listening to it and seeing them actually pull it off flawlessly in live shows, there is structure to it, just a very complex one. Give the CD several listens before tossing it. It does get better, and it's not something you can listen to every day. But I will say that I hope they gravitate back to their older stuff for the next release, because they are alienating the majority of their fan base with the Kid A type music.
0782008372|1.0|Good movie, terrible, awful picture quality. I would not have purchased this DVD if I knew how bad it was. The VHS tape was far superior.
B000002TQV|5.0|Radiohead's best music came in and around the Bends: the mysterious Man-O-War, Molasses, the Trickster, Killer Cars and Yes I Am, in addition to the album. Secretly, it is a type of song that appeals only to teenage girls. Luckily, there is a little teenage girl in all of us, and her name is Sarah. How nice that we were all eulogized in Lucky...
6303567126|2.0|This movie portrays a number of teenage students who quit school and become criminals and drug addicts. That could be quite interesting. What ruins the movie is Leonardo DiCaprio's performance in the lead part. He is quite annoying in all his movies but in this one, it goes to extremes. He is so overacting and after a while my brother and I started laughing when he cried and at his facial expressions. All the close up shots of his face don't make things better. His character is supposed to be 16, I believe. Leonardo DiCaprio was actually about 20 but looks like 14. The only character I really cared about and felt sorry for was his mother (Lorraine Bracco). The sequences that are supposed to show what is going on in Jim's imagination could have been better made especially the one where he's running though a field of flowers.<br />Like I said, the lead performance makes the movie quite annoying to watch. It's also a bit dull and it doesn't have anything new to say. I guess those who enjoy watching DiCaprio's overacting will find it very good, but if you don't, stay away and don't waste your money.
B00004W5UA|5.0|This is the Ed Nortons best performance by far. Him and Pitt perform outstandingly together. The ending is also spectacular. No-one expected it. The only thing that hinted the ending was the flashes of Tyler throughout the beginning of the film and Jack's conversations with Marla. Although it was rudely ignored at the Oscars it gives a great representation of how society makes us think that we are going to be rich and famous,but were not so we might as well enjoy life as much as we can(Tyler's words coming out of my mouth). And just a short word about anyone who thought this film was overated. Every blockbuster is overated to recieve the publics liking(Titanic,Independence Day). A truly brilliant film with great performances all round(if I could increase the stars to 6, I would)
B00000099Y|3.0|I have to tell you, this CD takes a while to get used to. BUt once you do, you will see the good in this CD. Maynard's voice is unbelieveable, and songs like &quot;Eulogy&quot; and &quot;Stinkfist&quot; are just examples.<br />But this CD has it's downs also. The music (guitar, bass, drums) is below average. Plus there are too many dumb interludes (A track full of static is just an example).<br />I give this CD 3 1/2 stars. Try it before you buy it.
0780020693|4.0|Love this movie, and do want to make one observation about this release.<br />If you don't know Italian, I would recommend viewing the English dub; I was very very impressed with it.  And I don't take doublage lightly.  For instance, I won't listen to the Criterion dub of Cabiria; I'd rather read the subtitles.  I'm sort of curious if this is really the original Fellini soundstage English dub, or one put together later; I found the voice acting and use of idiom nuanced (a la Fellini), still fresh, and worthy of this movie.<br />Upshot; if you're not sure whether to get this movie because you don't know what you hate more, subtitles or dubbing, fear not.
0887306101|5.0|This book really makes you wonder whether all the years you have spent studying at College were a complete waste! In any case not everybody possesses, or will ever possess the skills of the interviewees.<br />A good book which in its simplicity stands out of the other ... available on this topic. J Schwager was probably himself more succesful collecting royalties out of this book than from the markets themselves...
B0000542D2|5.0|It doesn't matter (that much, at least) if you are a Beatles fan or not.  The script to this movie is funny and interesting even without the &quot;fab four.&quot;  Of course, it would certainly be lacking something without their sensational charm.  Their individuality absolutely sparkles in this movie.  And it doesn't hurt to include some of their wonderful music. John's hilarious sense of humor is illustrated as clearly as Paul's sweet temperment.  While George and Ringo are definetely better in HELP, they are still an absolute necessity here.  From Paul's mischievous grandfather to the Beatles' screaming fans, this is a movie that will grow on you throughout the years.  You will find yourself noticing new things every time you watch it - a must buy  classic!
0385335482|4.0|Just when you think life is going to kick you, or Becky Bloomwood, while you're down, something changes.  Following the mishandled finances of Miss Bloomwood is a hilarious escapade.  Though it took me a little while to become involved in the story, once I was, I couldn't put it down!  If you have ever buyed something impulsively, you will definitely understand this character.  Through all of the different trials and tribulations, through denial, and then self-realisation, you follow the witty Miss Bloomwood.  <br />If you are interested in a light-hearted piece, this is the one for you.  I haven't laughed as much with a book since Bridget Jones's Diary.  Confessions, is another work of British comedic genius!
6304106017|4.0|\\"Not for the Timid\\" is really an understatement. Typical Tarantino F-Word flick. The plot is good but could be improved. Juliette Lewis makes a particularly crude request early in the movie that seems to come out of thin air. Santanico Pandimonium (Salma Hayek) carries her share of the latino Vampire shtick. Cheech Marin too is the ring leader and the border guard. Overall not too bad. I didn't know they had vampires in Mexico. Almost like a Kathryn Bigelow film.
068484267X|5.0|I picked up Angela's Ashes with some dread.  It sounded, and looked, like it would be too depressing to read.  However, though many terrible things happen, through Frank's eyes, it is all readable.  This book is written so eloquently and with such fine execution that you wonder how Frank can recall so many emotions from his childhood.  McCourt captures the essence of childhood in an extraordinary manner.  Sometimes the descriptions were so true that I found myself brought to tears at childhood memories that I had forgotten.  While the subject matter isn't the easiest to deal with, the way McCourt writes the novel makes it palatable.  I don't know if I could have stuck with it under most circumstances.  However, McCourt is a pure genius, and there are even some quite comedic scenes in this masterpiece.  My recommendation: A must read.
0385334206|5.0|Kurt at his best... Great story, Vonnegut at his very funniest....great characters.... as the others have stated..it is NOT racist, it just has characters that are racists in it...that happens in America... look past that N word, and enjoy this classic work
0385335482|4.0|Just when you think life is going to kick you, or Becky Bloomwood, while you're down, something changes.  Following the mishandled finances of Miss Bloomwood is a hilarious escapade.  Though it took me a little while to become involved in the story, once I was, I couldn't put it down!  If you have ever buyed something impulsively, you will definitely understand this character.  Through all of the different trials and tribulations, through denial, and then self-realisation, you follow the witty Miss Bloomwood.  <br />If you are interested in a light-hearted piece, this is the one for you.  I haven't laughed as much with a book since Bridget Jones's Diary.  Confessions, is another work of British comedic genius!
B000000OQF|5.0|Classic Rock and Roll...Heavy Metal...Glam Rock...Post Punk....any label you give it... it still comes up white hot... this is the neo Sgt. Pepper....yeah I know how dare I compare any band to the Fab (bore) Four. Appetite is just as important to this day and age as Pepper was to it's day. Tons of hits...all meat no filler...every track is completely likeable. Definitive of hard rock in the 80's... epitome of goods music... poster child of a good band....nuff said
0452282152|4.0|This is a simple but well written and interesting story inspired by an art reproduction hanging on the author's wall-or so says her web site about the origins of this book. No one today knows the identity of  the mysterious wide eyed and open mouthed girl on the bookcover who wears an exotic turban and pearl earring. She is one of the only 30 or so know works of Vermeer. Tracy Chevalier's imagination spins up a good yarn about who she might have been , taking us away to experience everyday life in 17th century Delft, Holland as lived by the ordinary working people as well as by the rich and famous-namely the artist, Vermeer,his patrons, and his friend and contemporary, Van Leeuwenhoek. One sees the religious chasm between Catholics and Protestants with the misconceptions furthered by segregation. One is amazed to learn that pigments are derived from griding raw materials like charred ivory and lapis lazuli in a costly and labor intensive process instead of just buying them from a paint merchant. Plague has no cure and claims its victims at any time. Class distinctions are followed and illness or injury is devastating in a society with no social welfare system in place-with only family members to take on the extra load. Tracy Chevalier has a good imagination. The book made me wonder who do I think this girl was?
B000050XY8|5.0|Next to Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, this is probably the best &quot;kung fu&quot; movie out there. Well worth the hype! Go on, buy this dvd edition.
0679731369|5.0|Julian Barnes's novel/fictional biography/fictional autobiography, &quot;Flaubert's Parrot&quot; is a magnificent work.  This is the first of Barnes's work that I have read, and it shall not be the last.  In it, an admittedly mediocre, aging scholar, Geoffrey Braithwaite, professedly attempts to eschew the accepted notions of literary biography, while pursuing just the sort of minutiae he derides.  In the case of Flaubert, Braithwaite becomes obsessed with two stuffed parrots - which is the one that inspired and annoyed Flaubert during the composition of 'Un coeur simple'?<br />Conventions of narrative, style, and form are dispensed with throughout this work - it is composed of a range of genres (mulit-voiced narratives, chronology, encyclopedia/dictionary, and even essay-exam questions).  At the same time, the disparate modes are held together from the beginning by a deeper underlying drive - the uncovering of Flaubert's life and opinions operate as a function of Braithwaite's own unresolved issues with the death of his wife.  <br />For all the Sartre-bashing that goes on in &quot;Flaubert's Parrot,&quot; one notices striking resonances between Barnes's novel and one of Sartre's, to wit, &quot;Nausea.&quot;  In both, exasperated scholars find themselves feebly attempting to write intended biographies (for Sartre, the subject is Monsieur de Rollebon) while exploring their own relationship turmoils.  Is this part of the much-discussed 'irony' that Braithwaite emphasizes as present in Flaubert's life and writings?  Is Barnes, as the deus in absentia author, manipulating and ironizing Braithwaite's tumultuous search for truth about Flaubert to point out Braithwaite's own inconsistencies?  <br />I digress.  Braithwaite tackles Flaubert's life unconventionally - Flaubert is allowed to speak for himself through quotations from correspondence and novels; Flaubert's associates, mainly Maxime du Camp, and his primary lover, Louise Colet are allowed to give 'their own' accounts of their relationships with Flaubert.  Braithwaite also presents the commonplaces of Flaubert biography and criticism.  All of this is presented to give the reader a highly-biased while simultaneously distancing and impartial look at Flaubert, at Braithwaite, at Barnes, at history, at story, at art, at life, and at themselves.  <br />The layering of texts gives a seemingly random assortment of information subtle, even insidious coherence.  Quotes, citations, and scenarios are repeated at intervals and in different contexts, allowing the reader to flesh out the importance of each without being repetitive or monotonous.  Such is also the case with motifs and images - the bear, the parrot, train-travel, time, medicine, and metafiction.  Each device overlaps the other until you find yourself caught up in the significance of every line to the life of Flaubert, to the life and writing of Braithwaite, and to the author Barnes.  <br />At times moving, at others repellent, still at others transfixing, Barnes stocks a wealth of knowledge and speculation about art and life into 190 highly entertaining pages.  I don't know how much the reader learns about Flaubert, but the careful and attentive reader will learn quite a lot about something from &quot;Flaubert's Parrot.&quot;
0312932081|5.0|I have never really enjoyed reading books until now! This book has a wonderful topic and great story line. It kept me interested the whole eager enough to read to turn off the T.V. I'm so excited to find out this is the 1st of 4 books!
6305546789|4.0|HALLOWEEN starts out with a young boy named Micheal Myers who murders his sister on Halloween Night in 1963. Flash forward a few years later when Micheal is an adult, and he breaks out of the mental institution he's been held prisoner in, and heads back to his hometown of Haddonfield. Micheal's psychiatrist, Dr. Sam Loomis chases after him because he believes that Micheal is pure evil. High school girl Laurie Strode (played by Jamie Lee Curtis) and her two friends find themselves being stalked by a mysterious stranger in a white mask...they don't realize that on Halloween Night, the trick is to stay alive! This movie substitutes blood and guts for suspense and genuine terror! A horror movie classic!
B00004YKUY|4.0|Almost a year and a half worth of anticipation and expectation did not ruin my enjoyment of the new Journey CD Arrival...I caught Journey in the summer of '99 with new frontman Steve Augeri formerly of the group &quot;Tall Stories&quot;. When Augeri came out on stage and sang &quot;Separate Ways&quot; the skeptical crowd really got into his performance, awed by the way he handled Perry's material...During the performance, they broke into a set of new songs: &quot;Higher Place&quot; and &quot;All The Way&quot;, then announced a forthcoming CD in the works...Now having heard the CD, a half dozen times, I believe it to be near the top of the best Journey CD's ever made...There are a lot of good tracks and you do not get bored shortly into it like I did with &quot;Trial By Fire&quot;...Although it doesn't reach the intensity of &quot;Escape&quot; and &quot;Frontiers&quot; (which is when I believe they were at their peak), it does deliver shades of old Journey while keeping fresh and striving for a different direction musically from where Steve Perry was taking them...Someone else critiqued that not one song really stands out, they are all just as good, and I find it to be true, although &quot;Higher Place&quot;, &quot;All The Way&quot; to name a few stick in my head a bit more...The only problems I have with the CD are that it needs one or two more rocking tunes and one song blatantly sounds like an old song of theirs...While the songs are very good, it gets a little too mellow at times for what these guys can do, and &quot;World Gone Wild&quot;'s melody sounds like a re-do of &quot;Seperate Ways&quot;...Despite the minor flaws, it is still  a solid CD worthy of any Journey fans collection...Puts &quot;Trial By Fire&quot; to shame and makes me want to &quot;Look Into The Future&quot; and see what is &quot;Next&quot; from these guys...Augeri has breathed some life back into the band and the regulars (Schon, Valory, Cain) have been very receptive to it...Just to give youan idea of how good Augeri and &quot;Arrival&quot; is, I played this CD at work and someone asked which Journey CD I was listening to, thinking it was one of the old Perry/Journey releases...
6305531374|4.0|HALLOWEEN H20 brings back Jamie Lee Curtis in her famous role as Laurie Strode. It appears that after HALLOWEEN 2, Laurie faked her death in a car accident, changed her name to Karie Tate, and moved out of Haddonfield. Now, she has a son named John, and she is a headmistress at a private school. But Halloween is just around the corner, and someone is coming to pay Laurie a visit that is long overdue...it seems that her maniacal brother, Micheal Myers has managed to track her down once again for another terrifying family reunion.
0767827902|5.0|This movie hangs with you long after you've seen it. Its interlocking tales of love and longing in a small Texas town are as affecting as any I've ever seen. The rich B&amp;W cinematography is first-rate, and the scenes with Sam the Lion (Ben Johnson) and the coach's wife (Cloris Leachman) are about as good as movies get. (They both won Academy Awards for their supporting performances.) Timothy Bottoms and Ellen Burstyn are great, too.
6305546789|4.0|HALLOWEEN starts out with a young boy named Micheal Myers who murders his sister on Halloween Night in 1963. Flash forward a few years later when Micheal is an adult, and he breaks out of the mental institution he's been held prisoner in, and heads back to his hometown of Haddonfield. Micheal's psychiatrist, Dr. Sam Loomis chases after him because he believes that Micheal is pure evil. High school girl Laurie Strode (played by Jamie Lee Curtis) and her two friends find themselves being stalked by a mysterious stranger in a white mask...they don't realize that on Halloween Night, the trick is to stay alive! This movie substitutes blood and guts for suspense and genuine terror! A horror movie classic!
0790743523|5.0|I saw this movie three times in one day in 1970. O.K., I was obsessive, but this film absolutely fascinated me. Forget Charlie Allnut in the \\"African Queen\\", Fred C. Dobbs is Bogart's greatest role. \\"The Treasure of the Sierra Madre\\" is a grim, but often ironic (and sometimes wickedly funny) study of greed, paranoia, and relationships. John Huston asks the fundamental question - is it nature or nurture (is it the man or the gold?)  that causes a person to fall?  Walter Huston, who won an Oscar for best Supporting Actor, is magnificent as Howard, the veteran prospector who leads Dobbs and Curtin (Tim Holt) on the hunt for gold. There's a great barroom brawl between Bogart, Tim Holt, and the sinister Barton MacLane which the actor Lee Marvin said he loved to watch. Director John Huston (who won Oscars for Best Director & Best Writing, Screenplay) appears as an American who Dobbs persistently pan-handles. Perhaps the only major flaw in the film is Max Steiner's sometimes annoying score. I also read the novel by B.Traven who was a mysterious presence during the making of the film. A young Robert Blake plays the boy who sells Dobbs the winning lottery ticket. And Alphonso Bedoya is a treat as the bandit called \\"Gold Hat\\". This is a wonderful movie that all true fans of the cinema will love.
B00004XONN|5.0|Radiohead is obviously going the way of Talk Talk, in particular the latter's leader - Mark Hollis. Starting out somewhat mainstream and progressing into music's upper echelon, the realm of hyper intelligentsia. This transition is also, sadly, one that spells eventual death or breakup. Why? Because it isn't easy to categorize or commercialize which leads to alienating fans and especially record labels.<br />Without sounding pompous (which will be difficult given what I'm about to say) you simply cannot fully enjoy this album and be stupid. I believe it requires a modicum of intelligence to love this CD. Don't get me wrong, there are some good &quot;hooks&quot; in this work that don't require a perfect S.A.T. score, but the lionshare is experimental and demands the listener to *gasp* think. You can't toss this puppy into the CD player and bop along mindlessly (although some tracks are &quot;boppy&quot;). This album requires some commitment to understand and appreciate. Once that is done it can yield some pretty big rewards.<br />I'd compare this CD (at the risk of being hung in effigy by those who disagree) to later works of Talk Talk, parts of the solo CD of Mark Hollis, some Sigur Ros and Jon Hassell. It is also a rock step-child of Miles Davis's later works. At least half of the tracks require a love of ethereal, haunting and peaceful music. Others will test and stretch you as Radiohead tests new ground in, what for lack of a better term can be called experimental jazz.<br />This CD is beautiful, and I would bet that most folks either like EVERY track, or don't like any. It is sometimes soul-wrenching with long sustained melodic notes as in tracks like Treefingers and How To Disappear Completely. Other tracks like The National Anthem and In Limbo are very visceral, polyphonic and at times anomalous. There is however one constant throughout the album and that is the excellent drumming/percussion (where there is drumming and percussion). Like Stewart Copland (formerly of The Police), Radiohead drummer Phil Selway follows the road less traveled. His rhythm is pure and unusual. It makes for some very interesting changes and keeps you guessing, which I think contributes immeasurably to why this CD is so incredibly excellent.<br />There is little doubt that these boys are in the deep end of the pool. I hate to use the word genius, but it is befitting. Somewhere in this band exists a wunderkind of the highest order, maybe more than one - and it permeates every nook and cranny inside Kid A. I suppose an attitude of &quot;I could care less if everyone, or our label 'gets' or likes this CD&quot; is the de rigueur with works like this. It may be the only way stuff like this is ever made. Which is probably why records like Kid A are so rare, but so very worth the wait.<br />If you enjoy discovering music that blows your mind. If you like records that demand a few listens before you begin to like them, and then become so powerful to you that it's almost religious. If you enjoy stretching your mind and going along for a ride into uncharted musical territory - buy this CD. But pack a lunch, and have a few extra I.Q. points in your back pocket, because without them you'll be at a loss as to why I and others find Kid A so appealing.
B000009O8A|3.0|this film is hated in most circles, even the ones it was intended for.  it's chock full of violence and rape, and hence good-natured critics such as roger ebert immediately hated it and called it amoral.  you could say that, but there's so many ways to look at this film (is it a feminist revenge fantasy or just a trashy shock-value film in the vein of hershcell gordon lewis?) that i fear whatever i say may be wrong.  whatever the case, it's not really that bad if you have the right frame of mind.  or something.
