B005HSG3TC|4.0|This product seems to do everything it advertizes to do. Our only problem was the several delays experienced and it came after Christmas.
B006OOHYIC|5.0|My Mom told me to buy this app she said I would get addicted and she was right. So so much fun plus challenging!!!!
B000KITQK2|5.0|I've been using the Behringer ADI21 V-Tone Acoustic pedal with my Yamaha APX-700 acoustic electric guitar and Kala ASAC-T tenor ukulele (with Mi-Si Trio pick-up system)for about a month now. I play on the worship team and it hasn't failed me yet. Great little pedal for the price.
B005OK721G|1.0|The story has been done before, if not for a beautiful lead actress nobody would have bothered seeing this flick. Plot is very forced, acting is acceptable at best and writing is pretty bad. Stick to renting this, don't waste your money buying it.
0857680986|5.0|This is the best anatomy and figure drawing book I have ever owned.  It is Clear and practical. His artwork is brilliant, he is a master.  He shows how Perspective makes figures in artwork more real and dynamic. He shows many, many examples of how figures can be posed and the flow of their movements.  Andrew Loomis has influenced many great artists.  My commercial Art teacher in high school, Mr. Coia taught us the methods of figure drawing from Andrew Loomis (This was in 1987-1988). I cannot recommend this book enough.
B004UIOUHC|5.0|I recently switched from blackberry to Android and this works just as well on my new phone. I love the tabbed browsing.  It handles mobile websites perfectly, and does a very good job on full websites. Firefox keeps crashing. Tmobile mytouch LG version, Android 2.3.4
0316098329|4.0|Room is a small, warm novel about childhood's ability to make lemonade from the bitterest of lemons. It is written in the voice of five year-old Jack, who lives with his mother in a small shack in her kidnapper's backyard. The mother lives a life of barely masked devastation, but to sweet Jack who doesn't know any better it is the most charmed of existences. They have a life there this is centered around love, and at holding the real world outside at bay.  Donoghue is an important writer with this book; Jack's voice is always loveable, true, and filled with the everyday wonder that only someone as naive as a child can experience. It is this contentment, and unending curiosity, that buoys their tragic situation, and that helps the reader get to the deeply buried joy of the book while always cognizant of its darker aspects. Later on, as Jack's luck takes a turn for the better, and the world at large comes into focus, his transition is always believable, whether it be through viewing the complex relationships with his relatives or his mother's uncertain mental health. Very little happens in terms of plot points, but in this case it's ok, as the book is consistently entertaining yet written with just enough finesse to give the reader an idea of how things really are (Donoghue uses dialogue to good effect, giving the reader the story's more mature details that are beyond Jack's understanding). A well-presented exploration of maternal love and mental resourcefulness, and a great pick for modern lit fans.
B004LWZW4W|5.0|Rise of the Planet of the Apes was one of the best movies of the year, and ranks along with the original Planet of the Apes.  The acting was great especially Andy Serkis who delivered an oscar worthy performance, even through motion capture technology.  The plot is very compelling and you're hooked right when it starts.  If you loved all of the other Planet of the Apes movies, this one will definitely not disappoint you.  Along with the blu-ray it comes with a DVD and Digital Copy, which expire 6/2/12.  This is one movie you have to buy, rent, or borrow just do whatever it takes to see it, you won't regret it.
B004EPZ07U|3.0|Grew up loving this comic book. While the visuals were good, I was left wanting with this superhero adaptation. As an origin story, it left me wanting more. Ryan Reynolds was fine but the script/story just wasn't fleshed out. Disappointed this one wasn't better.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I like the look and the protection that Folio  Cover provides. And works well as an easel of sorts when viewing the screen. I would recommend it to anyone who wants top protection and value. The fit is top notch and doesn't interfere in the Fire's operation.
B0058VW36U|5.0|Got this app for my Kindle fire after Christmas. The game is great! The animations are smooth with no crashing or freezing, the puzzles are challenging and entertaining, and it is only $.99
B005K0HDGE|3.0|I've been a Stephen King fan since 1982 - I can thank 'It' for giving me a clown phobia for life...however his books post-accident just don't grab me the way they used to.<br /><br />I liked the beginning of this book - it draws you in like many of Stephen King's books do.  He can make simple things seem creepy and foreboding...like the homeless man who always says the same thing - except for when the main character interacts with him.  Seems simple and innocuous but it was creepy.<br /><br />I enjoyed the middle of the book, where he describes day-to-day life in the late 50's/early 60's.  It is easy to put yourself in the protagonist's shoes and think about what it would be like if you were faced with the same burden of commitment. Obvious nostalgia elements here, but nothing overpowering or done through rose-colored glasses.<br /><br />And then the ending happened.  If you read \\"The Dark Tower VII: The Dark Tower\\" and didn't like that ending, then you're not going to like the ending of this book.  11/22/63 is what - 1000 pages?  There are probably 200+ pages worth of descriptions regarding day-to-day life spent waiting to foil the assassination.  At the time I was reading these pages, this was fine as it was slowly building the suspense.  But the actual ending - from the day the assassination takes place (or does it?) to the end of the book is probably 50 pages.  After the amount of detail spent in the middle of the book describing day-to-day life I was severely disappointed with how quickly, and briefly, this book wrapped up.  Knock 100-200 pages off the middle and add that level of detail to the end and I believe this book would have been a 5 star. I can't help but think that the ending was a product of some exhaustion to simply tie this sucker off, or pressure from the publisher to wrap it up.<br /><br />---Old 1 star review---<br />If the publisher ever lowers the price for the electronic version to even be the same as the hardcover version, I'll post a review of the book.  Until that time, I'm giving this a 1 star rating to reflect my only means of protesting such an offensive business practice.<br /><br />Having the electronic version be more expensive than the physical version of the book, a hardcover version no less, is obvious price gouging.  Hey Mr Publisher - got an issue with Amazon?  Take it up with them instead of trying to chisel me.  While I truly see no reason for an ebook to be priced less, in every instance, than the physical version I'm only asking not to be penalized for the manner in which I want to consume media.  *I'M STILL PAYING YOU* so just make it the same price as physical versions.<br /><br />I hope all publishers that engage in the practice of charging more for an electronic version than a physical version get poison oak on their privates and mistakenly use poison ivy for toilet paperof the book.  Until that time, I'm giving this a 1 star rating to reflect my only means of protesting such an offensive business practice.<br /><br />Having the electronic version be more expensive than the physical version of the book, a hardcover version no less, is obvious price gouging.  Hey Mr Publisher - got an issue with Amazon?  Take it up with them instead of trying to chisel me.  While I truly see no reason for an ebook to be priced less, in every instance, than the physical version I'm only asking not to be penalized for the manner in which I want to consume media.  *I'M STILL PAYING YOU* so just make it the same price as physical versions.<br /><br />I hope all publishers that engage in the practice of charging more for an electronic version than a physical version get poison oak on their privates and mistakenly use poison ivy for toilet paper
1451648537|4.0|I'm not a big fan of Apple products.  I appreciate the sleek physical design of their computers, but for me computer technology is more about function than form, and while there was a time when Apple machines just plain worked better than PCs, those days are long gone.  Like most people today, probably 80% of what I do on a computer involves using Microsoft tools--Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook--and they just don't work as well on Macs as they do on PCs.  This may not be Apple's fault, but it's the reality.  My iPod is fine, but I've never owned an iPhone:  I'm a Verizon customer and until recently iPhones weren't available for Verizon, and so I've purchased Windows Mobile and Android devices, which have met my needs.  And as for iPads:  well, I had one, which I very seldom used, and I eventually gave it to my grown daughter.  All this surprises, and sometimes irks, the many of my colleagues in the IT world who are huge Apple fans.  Just as Apple attracts almost zealous support from its customer, so did Apple's founder Steve Jobs.  I was in Palo Alto a few days after his death this past fall, and the local Apple Store had become a shrine, its entire plate-glass windows covered with sticky notes eulogizing him, and the sidewalk out front covered with bouquets and Teddy Bears.  But if Walter Isaacson's biography of Jobs is even half accurate, Jobs was not an easy man to like.  Admire, yes, in some ways, but not like.  While Isaacson lauds Jobs for being a genius who had a remarkable string of achievements that dramatically changed at least five industries, he pulls no punches in his portrayal of Jobs as a seriously flawed human being:  someone who was arrogant, petulant, bullying, disloyal, and flat-out mean.  It's almost stunning that Jobs,  with his keen interest in Zen, didn't worry about the bad karma he exuded making its way into the products about whose designs he cared so deeply.  Some of Jobs' personal characteristics were already well-known, notably including his extreme need for control.  His ability to see the world as he wanted it to be and not how it really is--what Jobs' friends referred to as his \\"reality distortion field\\"--is also fairly widely known:  it's what enabled him time and again to make the seemingly impossible happen, and to convince those around him to help in his quests to do so.  But it may also have played a direct role in his death, as he put off surgery for his newly detected cancer for nearly 9 months, possibly partly because he simply chose to believe that the cancer's threat wasn't real.       Jobs asked Isaacson to write his biography, and although Isaacson originally declined, Jobs pressed the issue when it became clear that he was dying.  In complete contrast to his usual control-freak nature, he gave free reign to the biographer, except for one detail:  he chose the cover art, a black and white photo in which Jobs stares straight on at the reader, his thumb posed at his chin, looking, well, visionary .  Jobs tells Isaacson that he knows that much of what's written in the biography will make him angry, and says he won't read it until a year after it's been published, although he also knows that the likelihood of him living that long is extremely slim.  And indeed, Jobs did die, several weeks in advance of the publication.  It's hard to say what Jobs would have thought of the book:  whether he'd have taken pride in its recognition of the tremendous impact he had on the world, or whether he'd have been embarrassed by its bald description of the bad behavior he exhibited towards so many people around him.  Almost certainly he would have appreciated Isaacson's clear, straightforward, and brutally honest writing.
B003L77TZI|4.0|Always curious,as I was with Lady Gaga to get more into Katy Perry. Of course all I really knew her by was of course the radio ware of[[ASIN:B001DZIJTU I Kissed a Girl]]. Honestly? As with many overplayed songs I got the impression that she was going to be one of those artists who would be a quickly fading one hit wonder. Of course when I heard her story of coming from a highly religious backround and becoming a pop star I have to admit-I was intrigued where that brew would take her as a creative entity. So I decided to give her second record a try to see where she was coming from exactly. After years of rejection from just about all aspects of the pop world due to what I nicknamed \\"antieightiesitis\\",the musical sounds of the 1980's are in recent years are beginning to be sincerely well received as being credible. Even today,most music still tends to be judged by cultural credibility as opposed to it's own merritts. And this seems to be the musical ethic embraced in particular by Katy Perry. The singer/songwriter is genuinely interested in the possibilities of the early 1980's. She also understands the needs to integrate some contemporary instrumental sounds into the mix to keep things fresh. But everything has it's own charms taken on it's own.<br /><br />  The first three songs on the album are superb examples. The title track and the superb \\"California Gurls\\" with Snoop Dogg are superb examples of what a modern pop hit can be. Both heavily inspired by the bass/guitar based funky dance rock Chic/Blondie/Queen type sound that was really one of the strongest of it's era. \\"Peacock\\" has more than a passing Toni Basil influence to it-that cheerleader type sound. \\"Circle The Drain\\" and \\"Hummingbird Heartbeat\\" are harder rocking tunes. And all of them lyrically explore different ends of the sexual revolution-from initial freedoms to fears and abstinence. Here is where her backround likely came in handy. I honestly wasn't that moved by \\"ET\\" and \\"The One That Got Away\\",nor either of the remixes hidden at the end. They just try a little too hard to be radio/dancefloor friendly musically. And come off as somewhat cliched musically for me. \\"Not Like The Movies\\",on the other hand is an elaborate,epic ballad that's a good way to close the album on a note that's not otherwise addressed on this mostly uptempo album.<br /><br />  What is my overall impression of this album? All the songs are good. But it's also very much a standard pop album. Meaning that it can be musically uneven. Sometimes it's trying to appeal to so many people,it doesn't always have a focus if your an album lover. I believe that Katy Perry is still at this point something of a singles act. Or rather an MP3 singles act I suppose in this day and age. The songwriting,vocals and lyrics are excellent on all of these songs. But there are moments the music doesn't quite match that level. Luckily it's about halfway excellent with a few songs that are only fair. Nothing is truly poor here. Though I'd still enjoy seeing Katy continue to develop creatively and understand more. She has a soulful,funky approach when the music and the songs resolve themselves well together. But in this age where media credibility is still holding onto it's position as a musicians major key to success,as opposed to musical integrity it's all too easy to fall into some easy traps. Such as trying just a little to hard to have a hit and be \\"in\\". True times change,music changes. But those changes should'nt last forever out of concern over success. Not sure what exactly Katy's motivations are. I am only guessing. But there's a lot of strong potential in her. It's all over this album and only needs a bit more polishing before she emerges as a fully realized pop music figure.of the remixes hidden at the end. They just try a little too hard to be radio/dancefloor friendly musically. And come off as somewhat cliched musically for me. \\"Not Like The Movies\\",on the other hand is an elaborate,epic ballad that's a good way to close the album on a note that's not otherwise addressed on this mostly uptempo album.    What is my overall impression of this album? All the songs are good. But it's also very much a standard pop album. Meaning that it can be musically uneven. Sometimes it's trying to appeal to so many people,it doesn't always have a focus if your an album lover. I believe that Katy Perry is still at this point something of a singles act. Or rather an MP3 singles act I suppose in this day and age. The songwriting,vocals and lyrics are excellent on all of these songs. But there are moments the music doesn't quite match that level. Luckily it's about halfway excellent with a few songs that are only fair. Nothing is truly poor here. Though I'd still enjoy seeing Katy continue to develop creatively and understand more. She has a soulful,funky approach when the music and the songs resolve themselves well together. But in this age where media credibility is still holding onto it's position as a musicians major key to success,as opposed to musical integrity it's all too easy to fall into some easy traps. Such as trying just a little to hard to have a hit and be \\"in\\". True times change,music changes. But those changes should'nt last forever out of concern over success. Not sure what exactly Katy's motivations are. I am only guessing. But there's a lot of strong potential in her. It's all over this album and only needs a bit more polishing before she emerges as a fully realized pop music figure.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|Free Bible App, what are they looking for? My first thoughts I must admit.  I was subsequently so impressed I donated to the cause of getting the Word into everybodies hands.  With access to hundreds of Bible translations, readers are left without excuse in knowing G_d as G_d and His Word are one.  The ability to make notes, highlight, bookmark and post my notes and thoughts to a forum,as well as read others notes and thoughts, makes this App a Home run.  I would give this a fifth star if it aloud me to go to a  reference or different translation and then back again to where I was.
B000WGWQG8|5.0|I have nothing bad to say about this miniseries. I felt very grateful for my forefather and foremother John and Abigail Adams, but did not walk away from this film with any illusions that they were perfect. These were broken men and women who achieved greatness from which I benefit.
B0009S2T0W|4.0|I bought this on a whim. The story line seemed normal enough, but the ending of the story blew me away.  I was not expecting what happended and how things turned out. Best discription of this movie is don't just a book by it's cover.
B005DI65L2|2.0|I had to stop this CD after about 30 minutes because my head was feeling like it might explode. The audiobook is not very well done. The content is allover and drippy so that one wonders what the point is over and over again. I don't even want to waste my time here with a full review. Just try a good dog book such as How to Speak Dog by Coren. It's an easier read and will actually teach you something practical.
B0066W1AZK|3.0|Habatchii says;<br /><br />This app is a simple solution for chess players. A really easy U/I, Chess Free is great for the price.<br /><br />But there are some computer bugs if you prefer the A/I mode, watch out for multiple option moves; you may be checked.<br /><br />Habatchii says; Wobba, wobba Muhha!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I liked this and so did most of my family. Will you put more games on it though, because I'm almost done.
B005TBN3EU|1.0|This movie is the most unoriginal, humorless movie I have seen in a long time. the story line is pretty much same as the first one but instead of Vegas it happens in a more exotic place with not many funny lines or scenes. I think the only time that I cracked a smile were scenes with the drug dealing monkey. This movie deserves negative stars but since this rating system is flawed I have to give it one star.... WARNING... DO NOT WAST YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS AWEFUL MOVIE!!!!!!
B002KKBV8I|5.0|this toy is fun for adults (well, at least I like building with them) as well as kids. I give 'em as gifts for the budding architect (or not).  It's a keeper.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|I think this game is really fun and is something to pass time! points are hard to get but the games are fun to play.
0671027344|2.0|I was excited to begin The Perks of Being a Wallflower because, well--I was a wallflower. It also peaked my interest because one of my favorite books is Catcher in the Rye and anytime a book is compared to it, I have to quickly and furiously read it because I am a) mad that anything could be compared to Catcher (kidding!) and b) extremely curious, hoping for a new favorite book.  Well. It failed on both accounts. It is only like The Catcher in the Rye in that Catcher is clearly the author's favorite book. It read like fan fiction for Catcher in the Rye, as perhaps some sort of sappy, unconvincing prequel. This kind of disgusted me. I could picture the author pacing his \\"writing room\\" which would consist of a few novels like The Catcher in the Rye, David Copperfield (which he has never read, guaranteed) and a copy of Chicken Soup for the Teenage Soul III. Then he'd snap his fingers and proclaim in a hearty voice: \\"I've got it! I'm going to write an angsty, coming-of-age tale. And PEOPLE WILL RELATE.\\"  So, he decided to incorporate the basics: teenage suicide (in which the narrator never really seems to care that much about); a loner (who for the love of God is not even a loner or a wallflower... he seems just fine with making friends to me; he's actually very often the center of attention), a crush on an extremely pretty, unobtainable, perfect Senior; this same Senior's gay step-brother; a dysfunctional family; a sister who gets pregnant and has an abortion (which is only mentioned when it is actually happening and never... ever... again); oh, and this same sister also has Daddy issues and gets hit by her boyfriend; remember GayBrother? He has an affair with the football quarterback who is secretly gay (apparently all football players have a hidden penis-fetish)... Basically, think of everything that didn't happen to you in high school, but did happen on Degrassi and you will have The Perks of Being a Socially Awkward but Extremely Loveable Teenager who is Easily Accepted by the Underrated-but-Coolest People in High School.   When I first started reading this, I though that the narrator suffered from a severe mental illness. Something like autism. Which would totally be fine if that's what it was about¸ but I'm afraid not. In fact, it's kind of about the opposite: Charlie, our faithful (?) narrator, is actually somewhat of a child prodigy. I'm not sure when this happened because I thought he actually quite sucked at the English language and forming a basic, non run-on sentence. Maybe this is why I'm not a teacher. In any case, I was surprised to learn that he was not mentally handicapped.   Of course, we do learn later that he was molested by his aunt (which was not a surprise, by the way... more like just another eye-rolling inducing moment). And I'm sure this would severely mess a person up. But not in the way it's portrayed in the book. Being molested wouldn't make you extremely smart at reading and understanding books and yet unable to write a decent letter. I CANNOT RELATE, CHBOSKY.   I mean, this book wasn't absolutely terrible or anything. There were some lovely observations in it. But I don't think I could recommend it.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This is such a fun fun game.You have like a million games and it helps with creative ideas. I can't even believe it is free.
B003L77G06|5.0|Very good product, I love this show very much. Item was inexpensive and came to me very soon. Good doing business with you!
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is okay. not all of the games are fun, but overall its a good app to pass the time.
B001UV4XHY|5.0|Love these movies, very inexpensive and good quality product :) Thank you for delivering the movie so speedily, I really appreciate it!
B0063IH60K|5.0|its fun and I play it all the time. :) its a great game. its interesting enough to keep you playing.
B004EPYZXK|5.0|I am not a big fan of \\"found footage\\" or \\"pseudo-doc\\" films but APOLLO 18 is one that I found intriguing and well done.<br />The premise is that a covert Apollo mission was launched in 1974 and that 3 astronauts were sent to the moon on the pretext of placing equipment on the lunar surface for monitoring purposes.  Upon landing, however, they discover the horrifying truth.<br />What makes APOLLO 18 work for me is its disturbing eeriness and impending sense of doom.  Also the vast immensity of being alone--the moon has never appeared more desolate and foreboding.  The videography is quite well done---it's claustrophobic but visually creative.  The crab-like creatures aren't shown very much but their sheer presence is ominous and unnerving.  Warren Christie and Lloyd Owen are excellent as the moon-bound heroes, and the inevitable conclusion quite chilling.<br />I liked APOLLO 18 a lot---it's a creepy scifi film and I recommend it highly.
B002RKSCA6|4.0|This book is just like the actual copy. I like the way it is still an amazing book, because nothing changed!
B005KELQEU|4.0|This is my second Kindle and I have this same sleeve (bigger of course!) for my second generation Kindle..it fits that one perfectly.  I like the sleeve, but it is very snug around the Kindle Touch and I'm concerned that the corners of the Kindle might get scratched.  Belkin, could you have made it just a milimeter bigger for the Touch????
B004VMUS9G|5.0|Very easy to set up and it is highly customizible. The alarm is loud and can be set to rise gradually. Alarm can be set for different days all at once.
B003ZDZ1WG|5.0|CD arrived in great shape.  Great songs.  If you want to hear some \\"new\\" country with awesome female vocals and harmonies, get this album.  It has some traditional country \\"twang\\" with fiddle and mandolin, but overtones of fresher sound.  I am loving these songs.
B005ZUR724|1.0|bought it and played for like 10 minutes it was awesome next day tried to play wouldn't work because. the &quot;update&quot; and then I spend at least three frustrating hours trying to figure it out, horrible the minute they realized the problem they shpuldve stooped selling this app and post something announcing the problem
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|As a 30+ year old male, I had my doubts about another young adult series (looking at you Twilight).  I was hoping for someone more Harry Potter that spans ages, and less teeny bopper.  I feel this series hit it.  If you've read the first 2 books, then you can stop reading this review.  i know you already have this one.  It ends the Hunger Games and does end it well.  Only bad part is there wasn't a 4th book.
B003G4W49C|5.0|I did not know what to expect when I purchased this book. But I am no walking away disappointed. The language itself was an easy read, but, at the same time, there was so much imagery embedded into it that I was constantly being blown away. It puts life in a perspective that makes you want to better yourself and look out for others. It also inspired me to further educate myself and not to judge someone's intelligence by their age. Honestly, I am shocked that I wasn't asked to read this in school. It has a lot of potential for open-ended discussion. I am actually hesitant to read the next in the series because I know it is different from this. I probably will anyway though. Overall I must recommend: it is a quick read that leaves an extreme impact in your mind and in your heart.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|the Bible is in my eyes a novel written by the two most genius authors in existence the lord and his son Jesus and anybody who dislikes it may God have mercy on your soul
0525423273|5.0|After needing a break from reading so many dark books, I needed something fun. When I asked for recommendations I was repeatedly told to read Anna and the French Kiss and Lola and the Boy Next Door. Perfect recommendations...both of them.<br /><br />I don't read a lot of contemporary YA but after reading Anna and the French Kiss, I can promise I will be reading tons more of this cute little sub-genre...plus lots more by Stephanie Perkins. She is so much fun to read. Her books are spunky and light. Her characters are always flawed in some completely human way but undeniably loveable. The kind of loveable that there is absolutely no way you can't fall in love with them.<br /><br />Anna and the French Kiss tells a story of Anna, obviously, who is forced to go to a boarding school in France. How sad for her...right? Well, actually it really is. Her dad is now a famous author and decides that this is what she needs. She is a senior for goodness sake. Going to school in a different country for the last year of high school is completely ridiculous. Agreed? Well...personally, I would have loved to have gone to high school in Paris, and eventually Anna is grateful that she has this experience. It just takes time.<br /><br />Anna wants nothing more than to become a film critic. She loves movies, all movies, but she doesn't want to be an actress. She lives to be the next great female film critic. Anna misses her home in Atlanta; her job at the Royal Midtown 14 multiplex; her friend, Bridgette; hopeful boyfriend, Toph; and her brother, Seany. Now she is in a new country, unable to speak French, without friends.<br /><br />It doesn't take her long to make friends though. Meredith finds her crying in her room and invites her next door for hot chocolate and that marks the beginning of a beautiful friendship. Okay, a little far...maybe but it is exactly what Anna needed to make it through the night and the first day of school. Anna is soon surrounded with Meredith's other friends...including the infamous Etienne St. Clair, or just St. Clair. SWOON! I loved St. Clair from the moment Anna ran into him in the hall. I fell a little bit more in love with the turn of every page.<br /><br />St. Clair has a girlfriend, Ellie. He has been with her for over a year and she may be the undoing of Anna. St. Clair proves to be a good friend, with great hair, and a sexy English accent. He has his own set of problems that only get worse throughout the year. His father is a giant @$$, refusing to let St. Clair go to San Fransisco to see his very sick mother. St. Clair goes a little insane, drinking a little too much, showing up at Anna's door and professing his undying love...only to be dragged away by his girlfriend. Things are changing all around St. Clair and he needs some sort of stability in his life, so breaking up with Ellie is out of the question...at least for a little while.<br /><br />This it the first book I remember reading that is written in present tense. I remember reading an article somewhere stating that books written in present tense often sound like movie scripts. I never got that feeling from this book. Stephanie's writing is fun and upbeat. I love her fascination with hair. Her descriptions are out of this world. And her world building is completely made of awesomeness.<br /><br />This book didn't make me want to go to Paris, it made me NEED to go. I loved the school, the sights, and the city. I loved St. Clair's crazy fear of heights and his love of The Hat. I loved that Anna couldn't speak French and was terrified to order food in the cafeteria. I loved that not one single person in this book was \\"perfect.\\" This aspect of Stephanie's writing created perfect characters. I know...a little backwards...I know. I love that love didn't come quick or easy for Anna and St. Clair. They worked for it. I love that they were friends before they were anything else. I love, I love, I love.<br /><br />I would like to tell you there was something I hated about this book but there wasn't. There wasn't even something I disliked...with the exception of St. Clair's dad...in this book. It left me smiling and happy. Completely refreshed for another round of darkness.th the exception of St. Clair's dad...in this book. It left me smiling and happy. Completely refreshed for another round of darkness.
B005URRCUY|5.0|I've never been a huge Black Keys fan.  Yeah, it's derivative but what isn't?  They just do their influences well and their influences happen to be Hendrix and the like.  Everything is a copy of something else that often wasn't very good in the first place.  They have been influenced by quality stuff.  This one works for me because it gets you to rocking and weavin in the car and they seem to have hit some kind of groove.  So, for me, it's a classic.  It has Lonely Boy and their free bird/stairway to heaven like song little black submarines, there isn't a weak song top to bottom.<br /><br />I never liked El Caminos though.  A car with a truck bed seemed odd to me.  At the time, people thought they were cool.  (Of course, a lot of people back then were just high and El Caminos were probably more funny than cool.  They probably thought they were hallucinating--Look! A car! no wait.  A truck! haha.)
B002KVNFLS|5.0|Xxxx cxxxx xxxxx xcxxx xxxxx xxxxxxxxxxxxx xxxxx xxxxz xxxxz x x x s x x x x x x x x x x x x x
B005DOKK7Q|3.0|the fabric for this case is nice but Amazon really needs to come out with a case that has reinforced corners. The case really does not protect the Kindle- I purchased a hard case in conjunction to this.
B0063IH60K|4.0|not bad for a terr app,need to not allow to undo so you have to pay mote attention. go for it.
B006G2ZEV6|3.0|seems like developers on the amazon app store are a lot less inclined to fix bugs and maintain their products than on the Google app store.
B0063IH60K|5.0|a good relaxing game. like that there is an undo. haven't explored all its options yet. like the auto finish.
B0052UZIFA|1.0|Was great before I got a new phone, aside from complete abandonment by the publisher, at least it worked. Now, I can't get through a level without the app hanging.
B001S86J5S|5.0|A classic baseball comedy / inspirational story is even better in high definition!  Pop this baby in for all of the \\"Wild thing!\\" you can handle!
0439023521|2.0|I picked this up on sale because I had heard lots of good things about it, and I had pretty high hopes. But what no one ever mentions is that this book is generally filed under \\"young adult.\\" Why? Because it's written for 15 year olds. Simple sentence structure, unswerving and straightforward narrative, and emotionally shallow tropes guided by one dimensional characters make this a read for when you want to check out from higher level brain activity. Completely.  Does that alone make it a bad book? No way! I loved Harry Potter like most people did. But... that's not all. Maybe it's because I read a fair amount of sci fi, but there is absolutely nothing in this book that hasn't been done better by half a dozen authors in the last half century. The world is underdeveloped and poorly thought through. As a sci fi reader, I'm generally ready to suspend my disbelief almost indefinitely, but you have to at least TRY to make your setting work. But it's bland and lacks any of the kinds of detail that make a world compelling. And the characters would work better as a high school couple on a WB show than action stars for all their fawning and unrequited love. Collins could have shaved 50 pages off an already short book if she trimmed out the shallow romance. Alas: \\"young adult.\\"  Still, none of this would bother me if it weren't so damned unoriginal. I recently read Ursula K Leguin's [[ASIN:0312862113 Worlds of Exile and Illusion: Three Complete Novels of the Hainish Series in One Volume--Rocannon's World; Planet of Exile; City of Illusions]], of which the last story draws some parallels - a post-apocalyptic North America in which a lone hero takes on a dominating ruling class. But it's SO MUCH BETTER. The world is rich and complex, the character deep, the struggle epic. This? Nope. Even Tron's battles and lightcycle races are better than The Hunger Games.  I threw in an extra star because I was legitimately motivated to turn pages by end, despite knowing exactly how it wouldend by page 100. But I won't bother with book 2 or 3. Why should I? There's much better stuff out there.
B005C9YZIW|5.0|Bought this for myself after watching it on television years ago.  The pictures are as breathtaking and awe inspiring as I remember.  Used this on my parents' new blu-ray player for entertainment for three generations of viewers after Christmas dinner.  It was a hit with everyone!  Being a Sigourney Weaver fan, I thought at first I would feel disappointed by her absence from the film.  Boy was I wrong!  You just can't beat David's smooth voice and british accent that convey that perfect \\"I know what I'm talking about, so shut up and listen to me\\" feeling!
B004EPYZXK|3.0|The found footage style is a growing trend that can (in most cases) be two things: Very good or very bad. This one hovers in the middle, we have a secret mission to the moon and things eventually go wrong. Not much else can be said, it was that simple. If you are looking for something scary, do not expect it from this. It was a time eater and nothing more. I wanted it to be something that delivered, watched it twice thinking I may have missed something at some point. No, it really wasn't something to tell your friends to watch, don't be that guy. Nothing really makes you jump or feel much more than slight dread from the atmosphere that the film tries to build on.<br /><br />So, I advise anyone interested in seeing this, to rent it. This is definitely not purchase material.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I have used many different notepad apps and this one blows them away. more features and auto backup are awesome!
B004ZMWUCU|5.0|I bought a new e-reader and loaded up four books, The Misremembered Man happened to be one.  Three were poor reads and The Misremembered Man happened to be exceptional.  Highly recommend.
B001UV4XIS|5.0|This was a perfect transaction, it arrived exactly as shown. I will continue to use Amazon for all my online purchases!  All the best,  Erik
B0060ZJ7BC|5.0|I loved this movie.  You will learn a lot about trading players, etc.  Brad Pitt will probably be nominated for an Oscar.
B002ZG999U|1.0|i thought this was the worst action picture i've seen in years,the acting was very bad,the dialoge was even worse,all the good scenes were shot in the dark so you could not make out who was who.
141694737X|5.0|Got this for my 14 month old and she loves the book. The little pop outs are the greatest part as she get so excited when she opens them. Obviously too young to read yet but she sure does have fun with the book. The pages are also think which helps keep it in tact. exceeded my expectations when i got it.
B0063IH60K|5.0|very fun, easy to play. love the layout and different options. winning deal is a fun option. would def recommend!
B003Y5H574|3.0|At first glance I thought this was going to be another Hitch movie - man can't get girl so \\"Rico Suave\\" comes along and teaches geek/nerd to be a lady's man.  Boy was I wrong.  Steve Carell plays Cal, a man whose wife has just told him she wants a divorce and that she slept with another man.  In his depressed stupor, Cal meets Jacob (Ryan Gosling) a lady's man who goes home with a different girl every night. Jacob makes it his mission to get Cal back in the dating scene.  Meanwhile, there's a girl who brings out a new side of Jacob that makes him awkward. He begins to feel like he's in a real relationship.  Carell saves this movie as he does with every film he's in. There are some truly awesome comedy moments in this game, but they are always marred by taking the crude humor/language too far.  A case-in-point is at the cliched \\"speech\\" moment at the end of the film. It could have ended with the cheese but the son just has to add one more sentence which pretty much ruined it.  This is not exactly a romantic comedy in the traditional sense. Yes, it deals with the foibles of romance and fleeting love but it also touches on some darker aspects of married love that looks to have failed.  I was surprised with the twist in this film. It was great and created a wonderful collision mid-climax for an awkward-paced movie.  Steve Carell seems to be a fantastic actor who gets cast in some crude movies.
0307949486|4.0|The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo was mentally added to my \\"Books I'll Probably Never Read\\" list well over a year ago.  I tend to stray away from pop culture books popular among the masses for whatever reason which become overnight sensations and which Hollywood always makes into movies.<br /><br />For two years, a coworker has periodically asked me if I'd read it yet. After the release of the American version of the film, I picked up the movie tie-in version of the book during a three hour layover in the Detroit airport.  I had read the first 100 pages before I even boarded the plane. I texted my coworker friend to let her know I'd broken down and finally started it.  She advised me to \\"stick with it because it is definitely a roller coaster ride after the first 100 pages.\\"  And she wasn't kidding!<br /><br />Several people had previously warned me about the slow start, which provides you with a ton of background information about each central character. Corporate greed, libel lawsuits, magazine publications, financial banter, high end security business, it's all in there and can be quite boring and can quickly turn you off if you don't stick with it.<br /><br />Larsson is a genius though when it comes to developing in-depth characters and putting them in this high tech cut throat world.  Outside of all the big time corporation, family lineage speeches that almost put Victor Hugo's lengthy writing to shame, there is a complexstory deep within the pages that grabs your attention and will not let go.<br /><br />The breakdown of it is a story you probably know by now. A convicted journalist is hired by a wealthy businessman to find out what happened to his niece who disappeared forty years ago.  The journalist is assisted by a punk computer hacker who has her own demons. Mayhem ensues. Secrets are revealed, and so on.<br /><br />It's a crime novel whose central theme is nothing you probably haven't read before if you are a fan of the genre. What makes this book different is the multidimensional characters and heavy plotlines which really make up a complex read as a whole.<br /><br />It's definitely a book I still say I probably never would have read had a friend not talked me into it.  I actually did the same thing by telling another friend she HAD to read this book.  Like so many other reviews have said, \\"stick with it\\" and you certainly will not be disappointed.y plotlines which really make up a complex read as a whole.  It's definitely a book I still say I probably never would have read had a friend not talked me into it.  I actually did the same thing by telling another friend she HAD to read this book.  Like so many other reviews have said, \\"stick with it\\" and you certainly will not be disappointed.
B0054JZC6E|3.0|fun some games are a little nary  lots of fun to play some of the games are hard but most are super boredom busters check it out. for free fun
0061122416|5.0|I read the reviews regarding the Alchemist and I was shocked when I read the negative reviews..I myself read the book for the third time yesterday and was once again lifted up. Yes it is a feel good book but so what. Should I read something that depresses me and makes me remember the evils of the world. Yes it is very simple so everyone at every age can grasp the important lessons in life this book has to offer. Which lesson's you ask?  #1 What ever you want in life you can have it. You may be delayed but your never denied.   #2 When you live in the moment and appreciate what is going on and focus at the task at hand, life is less stressful.  3#Listen to your heart!  Many more were included but those are my top 3.  The Alchemist are for those on a different frequency. People just waiting to die at an old age can never understand the pursuit of ones Personal Legend. This book is encouragement for those on that journey.
B004ZNARH4|4.0|im very happy with this product, i really recomend it, the quality of all products are premium, happy :)  Buy it if you are a Real fan  happy xmas  Roju76
B0058VW36U|1.0|this game id definitely worth the price!!! It is so boring even the name sounds stupid... cut the rope!!! I highly suggest you do not get this game!! Don't waste your time and money!!!
0385504225|5.0|Great read! I thought The Lost Symbol was an entertaining and enlightening read. There are so many subjects I was introduced to and want to research myself. Thanks Dan Brown!
B0056BMK6K|5.0|I had heard many things about John Locke and to be honest, I still have yet to read any of his novels.  I was more interested in this book, the perfect one for an aspiring author.  I have spent over $100 on my website, $3500 on a professional editor, and, of course, more on sending my book to agents, buying supplies, you name it.  This was the cheapest thing I have bought yet to benefit my writing.  And I'm glad I did.  Some of the other comments are true... Locke doesn't pull back when it comes to promoting himself and mentioning his successes.  But isn't that why we all bought the book?  Because of his successes?  And yes, some of it is common sense but a lot isn't.  I look at it this way, if I even got one marketing idea out of the book, for less than the price of a really small coffee at Starbuck's, I still more than broke even.  And I got more than one idea.  And Mr. Locke: sorry, but I had no desire to read your novels.  I don't know why, I just didn't.  Maybe because I'm so busy writing I barely have time for the authors I know and love, let alone time to try a new author.  There could be a dozen more reasons.  But now, once I'm done writing this, I'm going to go and drop my hard-earned $0.99 on the first of your Donovan Creed novels (once I figure out which one the first is).  Why?  Because I liked your style.  To prospective buyers, look at it this way: if you get even one idea out of the book, one thing that could help you in your quest to be, well, the next John Locke, is it not worth the $2.99?  I sure think so.  Regards,  Harrison Drake
0151013837|5.0|A gift: but a wonderful tamale with a major twist at the end.  Good reason it has become a new classic
B003UESJF6|4.0|Enjoyed the writing and animation of \\"Megamind\\".  The storyline is superficially similar to \\"Despicable Me\\" -- both focus on villains -- but the execution is better with \\"Megamind\\", even if I liked both movies.
B004LUHQ1G|5.0|This is an awesome album throughout.  I watched the new documentary Back and Forth a few months ago and was hopeful it was going to be great .  Its rare I buy a CD these days instead picking a song or two to download.  You need to download the entire album or buy the CD.  It is that good.  Dave Grohl is a rock legend.  That is a indisputable fact even more solidified with this release.
B005M2A4D4|4.0|WARNING: THE FOLLOWING REVIEW WILL CONTAIN SPOILERS ABOUT DOCTOR WHO SERIES 6. DO NOT READ IF YOU HAVE NOT SEEN THE SERIES YET!  Doctor Who is for me, the best show on television. No other show comes even close to the amount of ideas, locations, great characters, storytelling, and humor it has. I started watching in 2005 onward, and I did enjoy Christopher Ecclestons and David Tennants portrayal of the Doctor, but I felt like something was missing. When David Tennant left, and we started Series 5 with Matt Smith hurtling toward the Earth in a burning TARDIS, I finally found it. Series 5 took everything I loved about Doctor Who, and tweaked it to make it more mature, darker, and have an encompassing story arc (something I think has been missing since Bad Wolf). I loved it. Series 5 was the first box set of Doctor Who I got, and then we got A Christmas Carol, my personal favorite Christmas Special yet. The preview that followed for Series 6 only increased my anticipation.  *phew* sorry about the long spiel, I really wanted to put that down somewhere. Now on to the review...  Its been a couple months since the end of Series 6, and while it did have a couple problems; the show has never looked better.  The filming in HD looks fantastic if you compare the look of the show from Series 5 to Series 6, the quality of the shot has dramatically improved. Every shot is almost a thing of beauty. Especially the shots in America and the castle shots in The Rebel Flesh/The Almost People. The directors have also stepped up their games. Every shot puts the camera exactly where it needs to be put.  The actors have also stepped up their game as well. Matt Smith is fantastic in every scene hes in. He owns the camera, and even better he seems to have chemistry with every actor who ever works with him. Karen Gillan and Arthur Darvill have also given more to their characters, each have room to grow this series and their characters get pushed into some very hard predicaments. However, thereare a couple problems (which I will talk about later). Alex Kingston is also on fine form. She appears to be having a lot of fun, and it is a delight to see her again.  The episodes this series, for the most part, have been exceptional. If Series 5 was testing out the water, then Series 6 is a full dive off the edge of a cliff. The stories are more mature, and darker. I don't think there is a single episode I wouldn't watch again.  0. A Christmas Carol (9/10) A very enjoyable Christmas romp, taking Charles Dickens A Christmas Carol and weaving it into a fantastic Doctor Who story.  1/2. The Impossible Astronaut/Day of the Moon (9/10) The best series opener we have ever had. It sets up a compelling story arc and The Silence are incredibly creepy. Granted it does have a feel of setting up the story arc rather than telling a story, but thats a tiny niggle.  3. The Curse of the Black Spot (7/10) An enjoyable episode where the resolution felt a little flat, and it wasn't quite the episode I was expecting after the opening 2 parter.  4. The Doctor's Wife (10/10) Almost easily, one of the best episodes in the entire series, and probably in the history of the show. Matt Smith is fantastic (as usual) and Surrane Jones puts a human face on a staple of the show.  5/6. The Rebel Flesh/The Almost People (8/10) Wonderful setting, top-notch class of actors, compelling story. However, some of the characters feel a bit padded like Dickens was only used at the end, and Jimmy was built to be the thug of the story. Cleaves own act of killing Jimmy's Ganger didn't make any sense and where did the tumor come from? Still an enjoyable story, and important for the rest of the run.  7. A Good Man Goes to War (9/10) Fantastic way to end part 1 of Series 6. This episode advances the plot and show the audience how the rest of the universe portrays the Doctor. There were a couple of faults such as River Song not being in the story more, and I didn't get the sense of the Doctor rising and falling further than he's ever fallen before.  8. Let's Kill Hitler (8/10) Great comeback after the break, this story is fun, funny, and touching. The anti-bodies were a great \\"monster\\" and were hilarious. I felt like the story didn't have enough time to flesh out Melody Pond's decision to turn from killer to lover, and I did think that even though it wasn't going to address killing Hitler (like it would, it had to continue plot elements of the series) I felt like he could've been woven further into the plot like ordering Soldiers after the Teselecta and at the end the Teselecta using its memory wiping properties to make Berlin forget the event.  9. Night Terrors (8/10) A nice story of a child facing his fears, and parents loving their children unconditionally. The Peg Dolls were also very creepy Granted, the idea never fleshed out fully, and I was surprised at how Amy and Rory were acting, considering they just lost their own daughter, but still a good story.  10. The Girl Who Waited (10/10) Easily the best episode of the entire series. It paints out Amy and Rory's love of each other and it shows the Doctor having to take the role of the Time Lord he is, and make sure everything works out, even if it isn't fair. I thought it was surprising we didn't hear more about Amy's feeling about her lost daughter.  11. The God Complex (9/10) Fantastic episode that draws parallels with the Doctor and sees Amy and Rory leave the TARDIS. Well drawn out characters, good monster, creepy setting, and great idea.  12. Closing Time (8/10) Episode that takes approximately 200 years after the Doctor drops off Amy and Rory. This episode looks at how the Doctor is doing and thinking the day before his death at Lake Silencio. It draws great parallels with Craig and the Cybermen (even if they are underused, AGAIN) and it crackles with humor (Stormageddon, LOL). Also set up the finale...  13. The Wedding of River Song (9/10) I do like this episode, although it has a couple of problems which I think went down to the fact that he was given only 45 minutes to resolve this episode, instead of the 55 - 60 minutes that he needed. It draws threads from all over the series together and paints them in the continuing love story of the Doctor and River Song.  Overall, I think the individual episodes that make up this series are fantastic, the best they have ever been.  Now, the cons:  This is one that surprises me, and its the main reason why I decided to rate Series 6 4/5 instead of 5/5: the main story arc. When I saw The Impossible Astronaut/Day of the Moon, I assumed that we were going to getting huge interlocking stories that would all be drawn together around his death and River Song. Sadly, that's not what we got. What we got was Steven Moffat directing the story with his own episodes and having the plot elements be in the background. This wasn't a huge problem until we got to part 2 of Series 6. Earlier when I was reviewing the individual episodes, did you notice that I was surprised that Amy and Rory didn't really talk about their feelings about their kidnapped child? I don't care what Steven Moffat did in Let's Kill Hitler which had her growing up alongside Amy and Rory (which I have got to admit, was really clever) I still expect Amy to be dealing with the fact that her baby was stolen from her and she never got to do the things all mothers do. That was a bit of a flaw.  Earlier, when the Doctor was discreetly scanning Amy for pregnancy, and then we saw A Good Man Goes to War, I got the sense that he was conducting research on the connection between Amy and her Ganger. I never got that feeling that he was doing that when all he was doing was conducting the same pregnancy test over and over again.   Because River Song and the Doctor's relationship are fixed only in Steven Moffat's episodes, some of the actions she takes are a bit...forced and they don't quite make sense. I wished we could have seen what she was researching at the end of every episode in part2 of Series 6, all it would take is 30 seconds to a minute of every episode. It would have felt more connected. I also finally got why the Doctor and River love each other. It happens in those moments like in the mini-episodes we got in the box set: Night and the Doctor.  I feel like I could continue on, but all the complaints I have after these are small niggles in a overall fantastic series. It doesn't quite live up to Series 5, but that shouldn't prevent you from seeing this wonderful series.
030726999X|4.0|I liked how this book wrapped everything up neatly.  Great ending.  My problem with it was that there were spots that got tedious to get through.  Like explaining the Section and how it operated and under whom, etc.  It got a little hard to get through those parts but once past them, the book was as exciting as the first two.
B004MC8CA2|4.0|This Bible app has everything I need for my daily devotions and studies. I thoroughly enjoy being able to quickly change between different versions and the fact that I can download most versions for use offline is a big advantage. I love being able to sign up for study plans that range from simple passages of scripture to full on devotionals covering a wide range of topics, and the ability to take notes and track my progress is an added bonus. This app has really helped me to be more regular in my studies of the scripture, and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for the same.
B002SSUQFG|5.0|Mine was just delivered last night, and I love it already.  It's beautiful, perfectly sized, perfectly weighted on my arm, and to my surprise, I actually like the nylon band.  It's a lot more comfortable than I expected, and I like the metal retaining clips for the loose band-tail.  On leather bands I've had in the past, that's always been the weak point.  Once I break one of those flimsy leather retainer bands, the band is basically done for.  I doubt I'll be breaking the metal rings on this band anytime soon.  I wasn't expecting the micro-click semi-continuous-sweep second hand, but I like that, as well.  (Instead of a single \\"click\\" of the second hand for a second, the hand goes through 4-5 smaller clicks per second, making it appear as if it has a continuous sweep second hand).  The \\"day\\" indicator has several different languages available, which is a little strange, but if what I've read online and seen so far is accurate, you won't see the different languages indicated throughout the day - but you may see a different language on the day indicator in the small hours of the morning, say, from 1-3 am.  By morning, it's firmly in English for the rest of the day (or whatever other language you've selected, I suppose).
0930289234|5.0|This graphic novel is very well-written, very thoughtful, and has a wonderful story to tell. An interesting look into how the end of the Cold War felt to those living (and creating comics) in it.
0060512806|2.0|First, my disclaimer: I am a literature aficionado, and Sciencie Fiction fan. I was very entuthiastic about reaqding this novel, but drop it after 300 pages. After all, ars longa, vita brevis!<br /><br />A serious problem with this book is that the main characters are not elaborated enough, giving the impression of being shallow and uninteresting. They are used in such an arbitray way that the become a quite different person from a section to the other. For example, at the begginin almost an idiot savant is presented, but a few sections after he is suddenly an explendid soldier. My, I wonder is Forrest Gump is inspired in... nevermind.<br /><br />Another big problem is that no plot unravels in the novel. I know I lef it at 300 pages and maybe I was just one page away of the real story... but I also think 300 pages are more than neccesary to present an atractive plot. Instead, I just found random thing happening to three characters who may or may not be related, at different years. The problem is not that the stories are not related by now, but that no story is interesting.<br /><br />About the \\"hackers novel\\"... it is a blatant lie. I am no hacker, and understood fairly well all the pages I read. And while we are on this point, I can say there was no criptic going on. I mean, they do talk about countries using codes to communicate, but that is all.<br /><br />I said I am a fan of Science Fiction. I was interested in this book as a Sci-Fi story. But it is really hard to consider this as Sci-Fi, unless of course, in the other 700 pages something completely different happenes. I think a more suitable category is simply \\"fiction\\". This in itself would not be in detriment of the book, and I know it was awarded with a Locus award and so on. Now, I a more a fan of good literature than of Science Fiction. If a great Sci-Fi story is poor written, it is of no value. Now, this book has the explosive combination of a flavorless story and no literature value. I am not saying that Mr. Stephenson is a bad writter, I am just saying that the way this book is written has low value a literary piece.<br /><br />If you want to read something at least entertaining [[ASIN:051512558X The Overseer]] by Jonathan Rabb is a much better option. It is also not-that-good literature, but at least there is a logical and interesting story, including history parts. And of course, the best novel including mistery, historical events, lots of criptic codes, and a little action, is [[ASIN:B000TS141M Foucault's Pendulum, 1st Edition]] by Umberto Eco. That is a great entertaining novel, written in such an elevate manner that it takes your breath away. These two novel are also \\"fictions\\".just saying that the way this book is written has low value a literary piece.  If you want to read something at least entertaining [[ASIN:051512558X The Overseer]] by Jonathan Rabb is a much better option. It is also not-that-good literature, but at least there is a logical and interesting story, including history parts. And of course, the best novel including mistery, historical events, lots of criptic codes, and a little action, is [[ASIN:B000TS141M Foucault's Pendulum, 1st Edition]] by Umberto Eco. That is a great entertaining novel, written in such an elevate manner that it takes your breath away. These two novel are also \\"fictions\\".
B0000AQS0F|4.0|The item arrived at my residence promptly, but part of the packaging was torn. It wasn't damaged, but I had to make it look nice before I gave it as a present.
B005974C94|5.0|They call it blues. I call it Dixieland. They may be technically correct (or not) but this is one swinging album that I would highly recommend to anyone who enjoys the kind of joyous confluence of sound that eminates from New Orleans. Happened upon this disk by chance at local Best Buy and (sorry Amazon) bought it on the spot. Bought the CD/DVD package version but have not played the DVD yet, so have not seen nor can comment upon the visuals, but the audio is great! Only hope these two and their fine cast of backup players decide to collaborate some more. I'll be a buyer!
B003L77GG0|5.0|It was just GREAT! It was a gift to my husband and he keeps reviewing it over and over! Great buy! I will order again from AMAZON! Thanks
B006JTS5OO|1.0|This movie was appalling!  Since when do Muppets fart?!  I honestly don't know what Disney were thinking, but stick with the originals -- these stuffed shirts are Muppets-In-Name-Only.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|I was extremely happy with this series as a whole.  I felt as though the ending had the reader clinging to every page. I thought it got really intense when she was going through the capital trying to find snow.  One thing that I felt was disappointing was that we never really got to know how she truly felt about Gale at the end of the series.  I wanted to see how she could interact with Gale and at least give him an explanation for how she felt and what her decision was.  I understand the pain that she was going through, but I felt that she owed him at least that.  I did find it difficult to believe that she was able to kill coin and not have any repercussions besides being held captive and forced into treatment.  All in all I would recommend this series to anyone.  It forced the reader to feel every emotion possible and was by far the best series I have ever read.
0307279189|5.0|A little history, a little science, a little anthropology, a little sports and memoir...  This book was very interesting, informative and intriguing even for a non-runner like myself.
B005Q1W10A|5.0|I've now seen the full Series/Season 2 of Downton Abbey, including the 2011 Christmas Special aired on Christmas Day in the UK, Downton Abbey continues to fascinate as the story lines mature and the characters evolve.  It is, without a doubt, my favorite series in recent years and I would highly recommend watching Series/Season 2 on PBS beginning January 8 in the U.S. - and - purchasing the DVD for your collection.  As Hugh Bonneville, who portrays Robert Crawley the Earl of Grantham, said in an interview - typically we know the outcome of a period drama but in the case of Downton Abbey it's Original writing which makes it even more compelling to watch - it's refreshed the entire period drama genre.  I agree and I highly recommend Downton Abbey!
B005HSL626|5.0|Is a very good game,  I like this game becouse is very funny for play , when I play this I see that this became very funny.
B004HO6I2O|4.0|Thought this movie was very funny.well worth the money.Ryan Reynolds and Jason bateman make a good team in this comedy.and with Amazon pricing and on-time shipping, definately happy with my purchase.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I love this game. i dont get tired of playing it. i can for hours playing this card game without having to stop. i give this game five stars!!
B0063IH60K|4.0|Very intuitive and fast. Enjoyed the card action. Worked great on the Kindle Fire. Good graphics and clear images. Very good quality for freeware.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|well I have to rated a google because when I was uesenet ........ I found 20 wifi conetot. if you don't get this app.. well is supper cool.I shut up now&hellip;
B000SCHBGQ|3.0|The Alchemyst is a great book don't get me wrong, but it runs into the same problem as every other first book in a series. While it is above average in most aspects its still too drawn out. The introduction to characters and the detail spent describing them takes away from the story. It's not Scott's fault though, I feel this way about most of the firsts in the series. Harry Potter did the same thing, actually I thought it took J.K. Rowling three books to get it figured out. I guess I'm giving this a 3 star rating because I have read the other books in the series and they are so much better than this one. The only thing that concerns me with Scott's writing is that while it is amazing, he likes to use an extreme amount of characters, which isn't a bad thing but it really hurt the story of The Necromancer. All in all this is still a great read. It's well written and thought provoking. Personally I love the way he takes The different mythologies and creates this epic story line from them all, and the swords of power, thats what made me keep reading. Nevertheless this is a must read!
B0063GORYU|4.0|I love this game and it is quite easy to play on the Kindle. Can't beat the price! Ads are annoying.
B001AQR3JY|5.0|I needed to buy this product for my daughters and Im so glad I did! They love the LION KING!!! I got a great deal and received the product shortly after it was ordered with absolutely no problems!! Very happy customer!
B004QK5N5W|5.0|Pretty good. Do what it supposes to. It works well and hook up is very easy. Just plug in hmdi cable.
0545265355|5.0|Fast shipping, great value, great books I could not put these books down I read through them in 3 days! I suggest these to anyone!
B005OCFGTO|5.0|Great collection of all the Harry Potter films. I bought this for my college daughter for Christmas and she is already planning her HP marathon! Great collection and great gift for teenagers/young adults who grew up with Harry.
B005HPY8LU|5.0|And your music is great, too! Support her artistry by downloading her album and bringing some common sense support for Ron to the world of entertainment.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|the only reason this app is free is because of the adds in the corner of the screen. if you have a kindle fire or anykind of tablet.. you'll barely notice it.
B003IKMR0U|5.0|Zombie Dice is a great game!  It's easy to learn, very fun to play, is good for small or larger groups and is very portable.  If you're considering buying this, I definitely recommend.  PROS: easy to learn, fast play, funny and FUN!  CONS: none.  Warning: shaker-can opens from both sides...tape one side closed!
B005HSL626|5.0|this game is perfection..I still cannot believe it is free!! the small ads are hardly noticeable. I love this game so incredibly much!
B00005QK3B|5.0|I am writing this review as a non-Marillion fan.  Until recently, I've appreciated prog rock music, but from bands such as Rush, Genesis, Yes, Tull, Porcupine Tree, Floyd, Opeth, etc. and never paid attention to Marillion.  Until recently.  Then I bought Misplaced Childhood.  I can't quite remember why I got the album, but I bought it.  I agree with all the 5 star reviews below.  This is an outstanding album.  Probably one of the best albums ever written.  Its strength is the music, the lyrics and the very intense and emotional vocals of their former lead singer, Fish.  There are very few albums out there featuring such a strong singer/composer.  And the prog rock musical elements, I would say, are very nice.  It isn't pretentious music; quite on the contrary, it is very nice and pleasant to listen to.  There are plenty of 4/4, 3/4 and odd-time signatures, but it all feels very natural (as opposed to awkward).  A bit like listening to some jazz classics of the Dave Brubeck, Chick Corea, RTF, MMW, Scofield kind.  But Marillion adds that Pink Floydish dimension with dreamy guitar solos and much more.  The music is so majestic and grandiose.  Check out for example Track 8 (Blind Curve/Vocal under a bloodkight); this song is marvelously well written.  Lords of the Backstage (Track 7) and Heart of Lothian/Wide Boy are some of the best prog rock pieces ever written.  Childhoods End (Track 9) is such an intense and moving hymn.  And of course, there are the pop/radio-friendly songs Lavender and Kayleigh which are just as good as any pop song out there, proving that the band is extremely versatile.  I like every aspect of this album.  I strongly recommend this purchase to anyone.  I can't think of too many people who wouldn't like this album.
B006JPS1OM|5.0|very fun reminds me of the show law and order. sometimes you have to tap on an item a few times. but all in all is a very fun puzzle game
B005OK721G|5.0|It was very entertaining. Great story line. I was very afraid for the main character.  This movie was somewhat  unbelievable, A young woman, parents killed, and she left to avenge their deaths. But leave it to the movie makers.[[ASIN:B005OK721G Colombiana]]
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|if u don't buy this app u r truely crazy. if I were in ur shoes I would buy it in a second !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B0063IH60K|5.0|this game is a lot of fun...i am very pleased with the game's performance!!  i would definitely recommend this to others
B0051QIGP4|4.0|Bought this album for $1 when it was on sale. Love Lady Gaga great songs. But the real perk and reason I bought the $1 album was to gain access to Amazon's Cloud Drive Benefits they were offering at the time. If you support the artist buy the music instead of going to the torrents.
B005HSL626|4.0|I love this game! It does get a little boring after a while. So, if you have a lot of time, I recomend you play it with friends. For short periods of time, it's the best'
1451627289|4.0|http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/1451627289/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_img  This was a great book but feel the last chapter was way too depressing. I had quit reading King's books as they got more far-fetched and unbelievable..  This was an exception for all but the last chapter and you will need to read that for yourself.  I do suggest this book be read though!!
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|This app is very fun! I loved it. There are different scenarios for each level. For example, I am still on poached eggs.
B0060ZJ74O|4.0|I was pleasantly surprised that this movie lived up to the hype I had heard before seeing it. Well-acted, well directed and full of great information for casual fans.  HOWEVER, I think this could have been even better had the film started when the book did, in 1997 when Beane first took over the A's franchise. That was when Beane continued the sabermetric strategy (designed by his predecessor Sandy Alderson) to create a winning ballclub for an owner that refused to spend money (Not, as the film would have you believe, because he didn't have it, but because he wanted to keep it in his own pocket) to build the A's teams that made the postseason from 2000-2003.    One problem in this movie is that while the A's had lost Giambi, Damon, and Isringhausen, they were hardly gutted after the 2001 season. They still had 3 of the best starters in baseball in Barry Zito (Cy Young 2002), Tim Hudson and Mark Mulder, they had probably the best offensive left side of the infield in the game with Eric Chavez and Miguel Tejada (MVP 2002), and a good outfield with Terrence Long and Jermaine Dye. The 2002 A's won 103 games and were tied for the best record in all of baseball.    This film would have you believe that baseball is a game if Davids vs. Goliaths, and to an extent it is, but mostly because incredibly wealthy owners use the excuse of \\"small market\\" to avoid spending their own money or the free money teams like the Yankees and Red Sox give them due to luxury taxes on their high payrolls. Accountability is more the problem than lack of funds. So, watch this movie and enjoy the loads of information on the inner workings or baseball GMs and the new take on recognizing talent that Beane made famous, but realize that  it's a little biased toward a \\"poor\\" team like the A's, whose main problem was and is miserly ownership, not lack of funds to compete with the \\"big boys\\" of baseball.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This is an excellent app.  Highly recommended for basic solitaire lovers.  Easy to use.  Best of all it is free!
B0063IH60K|5.0|This is a good solitaire game.  The random shuffle seems very fair.  It works great on my kindle fire.  I do wish the timer kept track of record times.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|I got this for my daughter for Christmas and she loves it.  She plays both Xbox360 and PS3.  She has even used it for her PC, which she usually never puts headphones on for that.  Thank you Turtle Beach for my quiet house!!!!
B002VPE1WK|3.0|I got this for free with my purchase of a DSLR, so I have no reason to complain. It's really just a backpack with some pockets for camera equipment. I would prefer a smaller bag, though I guess pros would appreciate all the space. But for just the camera and 1-2 lenses, it's too big.
B00275EGWY|5.0|I never watch \\"war\\" movies.This movie is sooo much more than that,this is a \\"day in the life\\" of a true \\"soldier\\" do what you are told and never ask questions.Hurt locker is filmed like a documentary and really feels REAL.As I watched this I was moved and I could feel the adrenaline rush of the main character. Honestly this movie could be compared to the great,epic All Quiet On The Western Front.Hurt Locker will take you to the edge and then leave you salivating for more.
B004XJRQUQ|5.0|I must read! Even though its under children I think there are too many adult themes for kid much younger than high school. However, these books are phenomenal and definitely the best things I've read since Harry Potter.
B006C1DH92|3.0|I love you send boots this is a very cute game and I would  recommended for people who are silly like me.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I downloaded the free Bible as a book on my Kindle Fire, but I never use it. I use this app instead! It has a huge variety of reading plans, everything from a verse a day to several chapters, and tons of topics. It's extremely easy to use and I love that I can switch translations instantly!
B005SV9X22|5.0|I love this woman. She can sing, dance, play instruments, never lipsyncs, and encourages young people to be themselves and to believe in themselves. She is the BEST performer there is Ive been to BOTH Cleveland shows and wishes people would quit with the negativity. I LOVE YOU LADY GAGA!!
B004RJMUJO|5.0|this game is the best. you can like the game a bunch if you get for free or just buy it for 99 cents you will love if you think it is stupid if is not
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|This is an excellent apps that help me to record and organise all my idea, info, data and note.  highly recommend.
B003O86FMW|5.0|I finally get the hype - great storytelling, this book really sucks you in!  I couldn't put it down, read it in 3 days of commuting!
B004EPZ07U|4.0|It is a little slow at times but that seems to be the way of all of the first run superhero movies. Still a good movie to watch.  Waiting for the sequel.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I was reluctant to start this series - I wish I hadn't waited so long.  Such a fun and intriguing read - great storytelling!
B0067Q42BY|5.0|Played the sample for a couple of weeks....bought the app today. Uh oh...I'm in trouble!!! Not getting much done today ...that's ok...it's vacation time! I'm allowed :-()
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This app has hours and hours of fun with many addicting games.  I am completely hooked and cant wait to see what games are unlocked next.  awesome!
B006AN78XS|4.0|good film.  not his best, but an entertaining film nonetheless.  the set and costume design truly captured the feel.  neat concept.
1451627289|5.0|This was my first time reading a Stephen King novel. I can say that the historical perspective attracted me to this book but the stories interwoven throughout made this a very wonderful read. I could not put this book down during any of the action moments inside. Stephen King did what any good writer can do is to not only transport you to the sights and sounds as the characters in the story saw them. This is one of the best novels I've read in years. Highly recommended to anyone who has read about the Kennedy Assassination and wondered \\"What if?\\"
1904994679|5.0|Whether offered to 3rd, 4th, 5th or 6th grade, the Guinness Book is always avidly sought by my students.  Year after year, it's my key to converting boys from reluctant to avid readers!
0307959856|2.0|I looked forward to \\"Death Comes to Pemberley\\" because I love Jane Austen and I love P.D.James.  This book disappointed.  It has nothing of Austen's wit and insight, and it has none of James's usual meticulous plot development.  I found myself irritated because nobody thought to question Lydia about what actually went on inside the coach before the fatal parting of the ways - not that she would have given a truthful answer, but they might have tried!  Even more irritating is the fact, pointed out by my other half who knows about these things, that Wickham goes wandering about a pitch-black wood, firing off his pistol at intervals - what is it supposed to be, a six-shooter?  You simply can't stop and re-load a pistol of that period in the dark!    The old James would have been incapable of such an error; she wouldn't have confused a coachman with a postilion, either.  The old James wouldn't have left ANY loose ends, let alone so many of them.  The characters are wooden, the style is undistinguished at the beginning and by the end has become downright careless.  No doubt James enjoyed writing this book; but I for one did not enjoy reading it.
0439023521|5.0|In a future society, there exists the country of Panam, made up of twelve districts plus the Capitol, which rules over all.  As punishment for an earlier rebellion by the districts, the reaping and Hunger Games competition  is now put on by the capitol each year.  A boy and a girl between the ages of 12-18 are chosen from each district to compete in this bloody competition where only one survivor remains at the end.  When Katniss Everdeen's younger sister is chosen, Katniss makes the ultimate sacrifice and volunteers to go in her sisters place.  Katniss cannot even begin to think about the unimaginable horrors she will face as she enters her quest to win The Hunger Games, but will enter with bravery and hope that her hunting skills will assist her.  What she cannot imagine is the twists and turns that will occur as the Gamemakers look for maximum entertainment value for the viewers in the capitol and districts.  This is one of the best books that I can remember reading.  I could not put it down and finished it in a little over a day.  The tension was unbearable and did not let up for a second.  The world that Suzanne Collins has built draws the reader right in, and the characters (even some of the lesser ones) are memorable.  You will be cheering for Katniss from page one, as you learn her history and the hardships she has already faced in her young life.  Recommended for adults and older teens (there is violence)...but make sure you have a solid day or two to devote to reading this addictive novel!
B002C1BHIO|5.0|Just got this for our new TV and PS3. Seems to work just great! Definitely better to get this that the more expensive ones. Shipped fast!
B0009VSB06|5.0|Bought this as a gift for my dad who has always wanted a metal detector and he's absolutely loving it!
B004H1V5RU|5.0|This game is amazing; challenging to say the least. Everyone wants a shot a it; from the youngest (10 yrs) to the oldest (72).
B0063IH60K|4.0|I love to play solitaire and this game is perfect for my kindle fire. I also love that you can choose what kind of deal you want: random, winning, etc.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|the best app yet! a must have! keeps the kids enterained both young and old! no glitches or issues with this app!
B0063IH60K|5.0|This simple version is entertaining and intuitive. The hints feature also works as a  great learning tool. l recommend this game as a good way to relax.
B006C1DH92|5.0|Cute little game app I got for free that tests your reflexes! Fun to play! Works wonderfully on my Kindle Fire.
B005ZUR724|5.0|this game is fantastic I used 2 play it on the computer but it shut down so that's dissapointing oh well
0061684384|5.0|Just like the other reviewer, I didn't know what to expect when I ordered this book. I actually came across her 2nd book, Tattoo Chronicle and then I realized that she has this book out first. I went to Amazon and bought this book for $19. I absolutely love it! I already love tattoo to begin with. I only have a few but I am fascinated by the story and meaning behind each and every tattoo. I was dying to find out what her story was about each one.<br /><br />I got this book Saturday afternoon and started reading it the following day. It was sooooo interesting to me that I was done by Wednesday. I do think that it is because it has a lot of pictures and graphics of the tattoo that made it super easy to read. The first part of the book is basically about Kat Von D's life. How she ran away and met this boy named James and fell in love. Who she came across in order to start tattooing. A little bit about her family and her Latina roots.<br /><br />The middle part of her book is about the tattoos on her body. She didn't really go into detail about each and every single one of her tattoo, I was sort of disappointed in that. I was looking forward to know and understand why she put so many tattoo on her body. Why she had chosen this particular placement and design. I realized that maybe it wasn't as meaningful as I was hoping that each of her tattoo to be. Either way, it was very nice to be able to see the close up of her tattoo instead of just a big black and grey blur. And she also tell you which one hurts the most which I was literally laughing out loud about.<br /><br />Then she tells you a little bit about her love for music, why she likes Ludwig Van Beethoven. Although she didn't get into detail about why she would have 7 tattoos of Ludwig Van Beethoven, it just proves that music means that much to her. Then her book talks a little bit about the tattoo machines and some of the very famous tattoo artists work and where you can find them all over the world.<br /><br />It was very easy to read where I didn't think she was trying to be someone she's not. A lot of people think that just because she is heavily tattooed doesn't make her any less feminine or beautiful. She likes her music and she knows them well. She likes her make up and she knows that well too. I personally think she is beautiful. And if you like tattoo, wants to know about tattoo, like to look at some really awesome tattoos, I would recommend getting this book. As soon as I was done, I had 3 people asking me to lend it to them. Even though I was kind of selfish and didn't want to share my brand new book that I just bought and just finished reading, I figured I should let them see why I think Kat Von D is beautiful. Of course, that is just in my opinion~think she was trying to be someone she's not. A lot of people think that just because she is heavily tattooed doesn't make her any less feminine or beautiful. She likes her music and she knows them well. She likes her make up and she knows that well too. I personally think she is beautiful. And if you like tattoo, wants to know about tattoo, like to look at some really awesome tattoos, I would recommend getting this book. As soon as I was done, I had 3 people asking me to lend it to them. Even though I was kind of selfish and didn't want to share my brand new book that I just bought and just finished reading, I figured I should let them see why I think Kat Von D is beautiful. Of course, that is just in my opinion~
0307959856|5.0|. . . If you know what the author is attempting to do.  The book is more Jane than James.  There is a death and a charge of murder, an arrest, an inquest, a trial and a verdict.  Nevertheless, this is much more of a traditional novel than a piece of crime fiction.  I would not say that the crime is purely incidental to the story, but it is not the driving spirit behind the narrative.<br /><br />We are six years past the end of Pride and Prejudice.  The Darcys have two children, the Bingleys (who live nearby) three.  The ball named for Darcy's mother is approaching.  Suddenly, on a (literally) dark and stormy night a carriage arrives at Pemberley.  Lydia Wickham is aboard and hysterical.  Something has happened in a wooded part of the estate.  Wickham and his friend Denny have left the carriage.  Shots have been fired.  One may be dead, the other responsible.  And thus the story begins and slowly but deliberately proceeds to its conclusion.<br /><br />While we learn what happened in the woodland our interest is actually focused on the characters.  In a more realist novelistic sub genre than the novel of manners or social comedy we get to know the characters of P and P in greater depth.  Their emotions are rawer, their feelings exposed.  We learn much more about how Pemberley feels (at night, in a storm, e.g.) and we learn what people eat and how they attend to the more mundane details of life.  We know how they feel about each other; conversations are more direct and more pointed.  We learn how small the county is, indeed how small the country is.  This is a world of gossip and innuendo, where reputations can be destroyed by a single word.<br /><br />Basically this is an opportunity to get to know a familiar cast of characters in more ways and in more detail.  And not only do we encounter the characters from P and P; there are also cameo appearances (or at least references to) the characters from Emma and from Persuasion.  Thus this is more of a feast for the Janeite than the Jamesite, though the author is the perfect teller of an early 19thc tale.  She knows the law, the social history, the maneuvers of contemporary attorneys and all of the other facts that bear on the story.  She knows her Jane Austen and she has caught the flavor of her style.<br /><br />The book has gotten quite varied reviews; keep in mind what it is about and you won't be disappointed.  Highly recommended.author is the perfect teller of an early 19thc tale.  She knows the law, the social history, the maneuvers of contemporary attorneys and all of the other facts that bear on the story.  She knows her Jane Austen and she has caught the flavor of her style.  The book has gotten quite varied reviews; keep in mind what it is about and you won't be disappointed.  Highly recommended.
B004EPYZSU|3.0|This movie is entertaining because it takes the very familiar alien invasion genre and places it in the surprising setting of the old west.  But otherwise the story is not very original.  If you imagine the very same story set in contemporary times, you would be thinking, \\"I think I've see this movie before.\\"
B004Q7E0TA|5.0|This is much more than your average celebrity autobiography. It is a window into the very skewed mind of a rising celebrity and young woman struggling to find herself. It is a well articulated and fascinating story -- incredibly tragic but with occasional humor inserted by an author who has an amazingly insightful understanding of her former self. There are also many valuable and thought-provoking ideas to be extracted about life and society in general: the roles we play, the true motivations behind some peoples' pursuits of success (whether in the form of fame, straight-A's, Olympics, graduate school, etc.), self-acceptance, acceptance of others, and the power of words to hurt or heal. I would highly recommend this book to anyone, whether you worry about food and image or not. My one caution about the book is that de Rossi's altered way of thinking involves a distinct correlation between weight and self-control/discipline, with some blatant association between obesity and laziness. Those who are offended by such judgemental thinking early on might not be inclined to keep reading to the end, where the author begins to break that connection in her mind.
B0002DB0FO|5.0|I didn't think I would like this series, but a friend talked me into giving it a try and I got hooked.  I do have a few minor quibbles about repetitive plot elements.  All the characters seem to be hypersensitive.  There are lots of hurt feelings and pouting.  None of the characters can keep a secret.  If one characters tells another a secret in deepest confidence, you can expect that in the next episode the recipient of the confidential communication will blab inappropriately to someone else, and that will set off another round of hurt feelings and pouting.  There are endless rounds of love triangles, romantic breakups and reconciliations.  There is a lot of death and mourning.  Lastly, the set decoration is excessive.  The homes of the principal characters all look like the painters and decorators just left and they are waiting for the photographers from House Beautiful.  But the series is still wonderful.
B001DJ7PQ4|5.0|Shipment was on time, packaging was in perfect shape and best of all all the DVDs played with no problems. As I'm a recent Dr Who fan this set was a great investment!
0385534639|5.0|(1) this seems to me to be a philosophical detective story in a particularly enchanting context and form ('enchanting' is not a pun but is a statement about its impact on me).  Character development is not the point; the characters illustrate ideas and the magic seamlessly extends the scope of what is possible.    (2) It is described as a game, but really is something quite different, something I can't attach a label to.  It's not an exhibition, rather more like an evolving collaboration-from-a-distance creating something new and different that incorporates both structure and chaos.  (2) I think that the primary conflict between Hector and Alexander is control vs. chaos, not innate ability vs. education and effort.  Hector represents the attempt at total control, of Celia, the environment, and himself, while Alexander represents the understanding of the interweaving of independent individual effort with chaos.    (3) Question:   - Why can't each player just stop making efforts?  The pain described on pages (pp. 264-265) is attributed to attempts to move away from the venue, i.e., circus.  What in fact compels them to keep trying harder and harder?   - Why did Hector put the idea of killing Alexander into Chandresh's head?  (4) Unlike some fantasy stories, I find the ending very satisfying and intriguing:   - Bailey is non-magical and yet is the inheritor of Celia's role as caretaker.  I'd love to see a sequel on how that works out.   - The dynamic and ambiguities of mid-ground realities of Celia and Marco vs. the rest of the circus, including Bailey, give rise to lots of intriguing speculations.  (5) I love the book design and the writing, including the vividness of sensory descriptions.  This is not metaphor-heavy or tight writing, but so what.   (6) The opacity of the critics I've read reminds me of the attitudes of \\"serious\\" critics towards Tolkien, epitomized in the following description from the tolkien-scholarship.html page of the [...] website.  \\"There was anearly attitude amongst serious literary critics and institutions that Tolkien's writings were little more than \\"escapist\\" literature, and did not belong as part of the established 'literary canon'.  Edmund Wilson, who was perhaps the pre-eminent American literary critic of the Twentieth Century, set the onus on Tolkien with his scathing review of The Lord of the Rings in 1956, in which he termed it 'juvenile trash'.  Several other critics followed suit, and JRR Tolkien, despite his tremendous reputation as a scholar of languages and mythology, became something of a byword for bad literature. These critics studiously ignored the more favorable reviews of other major literary critics like J.W. Lambert, Herbert Dingle, and W.H. Auden.\\"  Tolkien addressed these critics in the preface to the second edition of \\"Fellowship of the Ring\\" thus:   \\"Some who have read the book, or at any rate have reviewed it, have found it boring, absurd, or contemptable; and I have no cause to complain, since I have similar opinions of their works, or of the kinds of writing that they evidently prefer.\\"
B000M5AJQI|1.0|This movie is entirely pointless and a basic rehash of many films before it.  How this won an Oscar is beyond me, but the Oscars have been going down for years as many of the actual best pictures are never even nominated, let alone win.  It's truly tragic when such rubbish is held in high accolades.  I would like the 2 hours of my life back spent watching this tripe.
B004EPYZSU|4.0|I was never sure why some stars such as Daniel Craig and Harrison Ford signed upo for this mivie but it is indeed quite good. While the idea of cowboys and aliens is quite dumb here it has been done in a (relatively) credible way. The cowboy theme is well treated and the special effects are first-rate. While the story is maaybe slightly too simple it is quite enjoyable to watch. A fun movie.
B005HSL626|5.0|to all of you moms out there who complain about ads I say why would you give your three year old something to play it on (like a phone or a tablet)  in the first place its a great game and an addictive. one at that
B001FB55MG|5.0|This is my grand daughter's favorite movie.  She was so excited when she received it at Christmas. She has watched it several times.
B0058VW36U|5.0|This game is so much fun, if u think its stupid think again cause once you play it you wont ever stop.
B004FOA84A|3.0|This game is definitely too short. I played on my kindle fire and it worked perfectly. It reminds me of an awesome prompt game that I used to play called humbug. If this game improves some of the story plot and makes the game longer with more opportunities and challenges it'd be great. Second edition???
B005DZMODI|5.0|One of the most recognizable blues legends of modern times, Eric Clapton, does some of his most inspired, skillful playing of his career on this record. Listening to him, one can hear how far he's pushed his craft, how deep his devotion to music, and how passionately genuine is his soul. He's reached the stage in his life where he can play with anyone, a rare feat especially given the caliber of musicians he chooses to collaborate with on this album. I'd never heard of Wynton Marsailis until I purchased Live From Lincoln Jazz Center, but he and the musicians with him have achieved similar levels of freedom and excellence in their respective musical journeys.   Aside from the playing (which must be heard - all serious appreciators of blues, jazz, rock n' roll, mountain music, hillbilly steppin' tunes, bluegrass, and countless other fusions will doubtless drop their jaw in awe - if not physically, as I did, then mentally) the singing is superb. Such soul! Such patience! Everyone who sang on this record wanted to sing the song they did. It shows.  I don't want to dismiss the other musicians on this record because they did so well, but Clapton's guitar work is so staggeringly excellent that it occupied a lot of my thought while listening. He plays at the highest level I can reasonably fathom. Every solo is truly magical. His delicate, wild smoothness should be heard by all musicians aspiring greatness, or, if like me, you don't play, anyone seeking greatness is other capacities.   To continue would be to talk it away. Instead, just listen to the music and let it liven your soul.
B004LUS390|5.0|this app is simply fantastic. expecting a simple application like Window's &quot;Paint&quot; I downloaded the app to waste some time on, and found a remarkable digital tablet product. for 99&cent; you would be crazy not to buy this if you are interested in a sketchpad. I purchased this for my kindle &amp; am extremely satisfied with it. not sure just how easy it is to use on a smaller display, but for the Ipad or Kindle Fire, this is the best bang for your buck:)
B005TZFZJC|4.0|I don't like the idea of her releasing albums year after year, it just makes her at risk of overexposure. Even I enjoyed a couple of songs on here, I still think GGGB and Loud were better but I find myself listening to it more than Rated R. There's nothing absolutely groundbreaking and innovating about TTT. It's merely an album filled with dated, catchy dance pop songs. Nothing more or less. People like to exaggerate and compare TTT to Erotica in which I find it to be a masterpiece. TTT is miles and miles away from Erotica. The constant theme I get from this one is love and sex. Not to mention the song titles are a dead giveaway...we found love, drunk on love, we all want love, and fool in love. It doesn't show much musical growth for Rihanna. Nowadays, that seems to be the norm these days. No one wants an album with substance, they would rather listen to the ones make them drop it like it's hot.<br /><br />1. you da one (4.5/5)-i like this song alot.<br /><br />2. where have you been (4/5)-a very typical dance tune but i prefer this over we found basic<br /><br />3. we found love (3/5)-this song has been seriously overhyped and i for one will never consider it a classic in my eyes. it's extremely basic. i never got the appeal with this song.<br /><br />4.talk that talk (4.5/5) -it's pretty hot.<br /><br />5. cockiness ( i love it) (4/5)-it's catchy at times..yet annoying. i can easily see it as a people's favorite. i like the \\"suck my cockiness and lick my persuasion\\" part other than that..the song doesn't have much going on for it other than the redundant chorus and the incoherent noise in the background. it's a grower.<br /><br />6. birthday cake (3/5)-this song feels so unnecessary and insignificant to the rest. adds absolutely nothing to the album. 1) it's too short. 2) it's generic, weak, and repetitive. it should either be kept as an interlude or not be included at all.<br /><br />7. we all want love (3.5/5)-it's a nice song with a message behind it and it gives me a 60s/hippie vibe, but I felt completely bored at times. it's not good enough to make me wan to listen to it again. i don't feel hyphed enough so it leaves me feeling very dry.<br /><br />8. drunk on love (4/5)- her singing is so on point. the song talks about the side effects of love.<br /><br />9. roc me out (4/5)- it does remind me of the rated r era. everytime i listen to this song, i could just picture her performing in a grace jones outfit with dark shades<br /><br />10. watch n' learn (4.5/5)-i love old school reggae and this song takes me back to that. i enjoy listening to these kind of cutesy songs including say it<br /><br />11. farewell (4/5)-  a very decent ballad with substance. the most relatable song on the album. it's very low key and soft.<br /><br />12. red lipstick (5/5)-in my opinion the BEST on the album. i've been listening to it constantly. the metallica sample and the hardcore lyrics gives the song an edge. i always feel in tune with this song. it should have been on the standard edition.<br /><br />13. do ya thang (5/5)-this one sounds really different from the rest. i really like the way she sings in this song. for some reason, it takes me back to the 90s. i also think this should have been on the standard edition.<br /><br />14. fool in love (4/5)-only song on the deluxe i'm not too crazy about it. it's like stupid in love pt. 2<br /><br />average rating: 4.1not good enough to make me wan to listen to it again. i don't feel hyphed enough so it leaves me feeling very dry.  8. drunk on love (4/5)- her singing is so on point. the song talks about the side effects of love.  9. roc me out (4/5)- it does remind me of the rated r era. everytime i listen to this song, i could just picture her performing in a grace jones outfit with dark shades  10. watch n' learn (4.5/5)-i love old school reggae and this song takes me back to that. i enjoy listening to these kind of cutesy songs including say it  11. farewell (4/5)-  a very decent ballad with substance. the most relatable song on the album. it's very low key and soft.  12. red lipstick (5/5)-in my opinion the BEST on the album. i've been listening to it constantly. the metallica sample and the hardcore lyrics gives the song an edge. i always feel in tune with this song. it should have been on the standard edition.     13. do ya thang (5/5)-this one sounds really different from the rest. i really like the way she sings in this song. for some reason, it takes me back to the 90s. i also think this should have been on the standard edition.  14. fool in love (4/5)-only song on the deluxe i'm not too crazy about it. it's like stupid in love pt. 2  average rating: 4.1
B002JVWR9U|5.0|I finally began watching the series after reading the books. At first I was alittle lost since the tv show doesn't follow the book as much as I thought it would, but hey what series or movie really follows the book??? So far I love the series and have no general complaints.
B004FOA84A|4.0|I really enjoyed this game. it works great on my kindle fire. it was just way too short, it took me about a day to finish. the puzzles with the hidden objects were done really well and the grafics were pritty nice. I hope they come out with another game just like it.
B004UID2LC|3.0|Doesn't convert to MP4 nemore! :-( I reset my phone and re downloaded and now the MP4 option is gone...what happened?
0307595579|5.0|I purchased 2 deluxe boxed sets of Stieg Larsson's Millennium Trilogy, one for myself and one for a dear friend.  Then I reccommended one to another friend who purchsed the books.  The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo is very well written along with history of setting.  The characters are wonderful and explained well.  I am looking forward to reading the 2nd book in the trilogy soon.  I also am impressed with the way the books are presented as a boxed set - very nice!
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Was in my break room at work when I saw this book being read by one of my co-workers. They said it was absolutely amazing and I figured I'd give it a try since the title looked engaging. Sure enough! I got home and I downloaded it straight to my Kindle and read through the night. In 2 days I finished this amazing and well written book and in a week I finished the whole series. For the next month this series was in my head. I just couldnt stop thinking about the characters and the plot and how if at all possible it could have gotten anymore interesting. Unfortunately I see that Hollywood couldnt keep their greedy little paws off it, and soon the ignorant masses will be swarming to see this in theatres. But good for those of us who have read it- it cant be ruined in our minds, and will remain a great book!
B005L38QK2|3.0|Got this mouse for Christmas and installed it a couple days ago.  First Impressions:  The mouse was very easy to install, simply just plug it in and use it, when you're ready to try setting up macros, etc download the software from the steelseries site.    The cord on the mouse is high quality braided fabric which is so important in maintaining the integrity of the mouse's performance.  The body of the mouse has a very soft 'rubberized' feel, very comfortable for my hand.  The lights on the mouse are behind the wheel and behind the Diablo III name near bottom, these lights pulse and are adjustable for varying brightness and frequency.  Performance wise the mouse's movements seem very precise and the mouse is very light so not seeing any hand fatigue issues.  Downside.  The mouse's body has a low profile and because of this the two buttons on the right side (im right handed) have become a serious problem.  Its almost impossible to move the mouse around without those being pressed (was using in the Tribes Ascend beta and whenever I tried reacting quickly to anything my weapon would suddenly start changing.  Had to disable both the right side buttons but once this was done worked very well.  So overall I think the mouse is very much worth the money just for the longevity and superior performance you will get but if you are a serious button nut and need all the buttons on the mouse I would try another mouse then.
B0063IH60K|3.0|Easy to play, difficult to stop. Mentally engaging.  Learned alternative plays to increase skill levels. Good for those concerned about dementia (ME)!!!
0811870413|5.0|I'm a ammeter bread baker and this book is amazing.  Easy to understand use and most of all inspirational.  If you haven't been to San Francisco to their bakery, it's a must.  You won't be disappointed. Amazing.
B005HSG3TC|5.0|I received my case today and it is EXACTLY what I wanted. I didn't want something that was going to add bulk to my Fire, so I immediately opted for this. I watched the video and was impressed at it's durability. I foresee no immediate problems with the strap, and in the likely event is does come off, so what, I still have a lightweight case to protect my Fire, and it's nothing that I couldn't reattach myself. If you want a durable, lightweight, easy to use case, this is the way to go. My wife liked it so much, she's contemplating ordering a pink one for herself and getting away from the previous bulky cover she bought at the local Supercenter. Great cover-great price.
B005HSG3U6|5.0|Count me among the folks who really like this case! I love the slim form factor and I think it will adequately protect my Kindle Fire from everyday normal usage and minor bumps. I like the feel of the case in hand and it has a bit of a sueded feel to it. I also like how the cover folds back flat for reading.  I have no trouble with the stand feature as long as it is on a stable, flat surface. The weight of the Fire holds the stand in place. I think if the groove were a little deeper, the case would work great on a non-flat surface (such as your lap).   Even though I really like this case, I think the price is a little high. Seems like it should be right around $20.  I would still recommend this case to anyone looking for a slim form factor for their Kindle Fire.
B005DKLPF6|4.0|First off, I don't mind the singing instead of the screaming, it just goes to show the dude has talent! I'm going to take a lot of heat for saying this but, I'm really growing tired of the gutteral style vocals most heavy metal bands seem to need to toss in nowadays.  If you ask me, they're all starting to sound the same! A great singer was how bands were recognized back in the day. Plante with Zeppeling, Ozzy, Dio, Tony Martin with Sabbath all brought something special to the table, not to mention Bruce with Maiden, Halford with Priest and Hetfield with Metallica. All of these guys are great singers who added their own vibe etc. The screamers today are just that, screamers!<br /><br />Now that I'm done bitchin', this release is kickass. The lead track, Black tongue is a great tune with lots of balls and gets the cd off to a good start. Curl of the burl is a radio friendly hard grooving tune that rips along quite well thank you. Blateroid is probably my least favourite track as I find it lacks melody. The next six songs are also excellent tracks with lots of feel and boatloads of melody.  Creature Lives, or at least the beginning of it reminds me of the instrumental before jet Airliner from Steve Miller. I liked it then and I like it now lol. Spectrelight is amazingly good and full of riffage. Ah hell they're all very good and it all ends with a nice slow tune to bring you back down from the exhilarating ride you were just on!<br /><br />Well to end it off, all I really need to say is \\"I like it\\"
1419702203|5.0|Amazing, utterly amazing! George Harrison's life is presented in remarkable, mostly previously unpublished photos, along with little vignette/memories from those who knew and loved him best. Just a wonderful feast for those who love George.  Thanks to Olivia, Dhani and all those who participated in this project. I feel I know this \\"sage among the musicians\\" better and am a better person for it. An example is Tom Petty's comment:   He and Jeff had kind of pictured this group, the Traveling Wilburys. George's idea was that he would handpick everybody in the band, and it'd be the perfect little band. But I think the qualifications were more about who you could hang out with than trying to find the best guy that did this or that. Though George liked to surround himself with people that were good at something.    The whole book is understated and classy (like Olivia herself!) and a beautiful tribute to a beautiful man.
B00000IZOR|2.0|The cord between the receiver and the set is way too short! And the eyes only move when u move the toy backwards, not forward. What a waste of money!
B005CA4SQK|5.0|If this is the future for horror on TV the count me in!  This is a great series set in post-zombie world around Atlanta, GA.  Characters are well-developed, don't say stupid scripted lines that you'd expect them to say, and stories aren't wrapped up in neat little boxes that solve the story at the end of each hour.  I can't wait for each next show.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This is a great game to fill your free time with!  If you enjoy this game on the computer, why not take it mobile?  Enjoy!
0439023521|5.0|This was the first book I read on my Kindle.  My sister, an elementary school teacher, recommended it after reading it on recommendation.  I think this is one of those explosive books that by word of mouth is destined for greatness.  Katniss is what any young woman would like to model her courage, perseverance, and dedication on.  I know I wish I was more like her. Each chapter pushes you to keep reading the next chapter, and before you know it you're done with no sleep for that night.  I am glad it was optioned out for a movie, the author did such a fantastic job that I hope she makes loads of money on this one.  Great concept.
0545265355|5.0|So my 19 years old daughter and I both just finished these books (on our Kindle).  She and I both enjoyed the books.  The middle book was a bit slower, but still good.  It was a easy book for me to get into the story line and connect with the characters.  The story line was captivating, and just a bit outside of reality, but not so much that you could not just get lost in the emotion of the story.  My 21 year old son, checked out \\"The Hunger Games\\" from the local library and suggested that I read it, as he also enjoyed it.
B001OQCV6A|4.0|If you're a fan of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's fictional detective you'll only find traces of him here. This Holmes is a new creation loosely based on the famous detective, not carefully patterned on him. On the other hand this movie's Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson are a reasonably exciting duo with their own set of more contemporary characteristics. Holmes exhibits his famous ability to make important deductions from small clues which causes him to get doused with wine in one scene.<br /><br />There is enough action including fighting, mystery, intrigue, explosions, and general mayhem to satisfy most fans of the genre so the movie fulfills its obligations in that regard. The villain is suitably dangerous and clever and we even have overtones of Holmes' arch enemy, Professor Moriarty, the consummate villain in the Holmes saga.<br /><br />In summary it is watchable and should succeed in holding the aficionado of action movies attention all the way through.
B002SSUQFG|5.0|I love the watch, the 24 hour and 12 are nice.  The hands are easy to see at night. The band fills great.
0307959856|2.0|I really wanted to love this book.... but didn't.  An OK mystery - somewhat predictable - but none of the magic of the original author.
B00005JM02|5.0|The movie is one of my favorites (Nightmare Before Christmas is the #1 for me). I got this as a X'mas present from my daughter and absolutely love this movie. It is a perfect family movie.
B00013M6NK|5.0|to jest orginalny nikon.nie mam zastrzezen zdjecie  zosatlo zrobione troche nie z tej strony co trzeba ale ma hologram .
B0063IH60K|5.0|I love this game! I haven't  had any problems and it's  really  fun if you want to play a quick and easy game of solitaire.
B003Y5H5FG|1.0|This is such an amateur, gutless typically tepid Hollywood remake. The film spends way too much time superficially developing the vapid relationship between the lead character and his popular girlfriend. The lead character, Charlie, is made to be a phony who would turn his back on his best friend just to be popular. The lead character's best friend, Ed, is not nearly as unique as he was in the original. Most disappointing, is the fact that Ed's story arc is not handled with any psychological or deep-emotional impact as it was in the original Fright Night. Colin Ferrell does a good job as Jerry, but his character is written without any dimension. Like almost every character in this film Ferrell's character feels as if he has no past. He's just an idea on a piece of paper. David Tennent does a good job with his interpretation of Peter Vincent but the character in this remake is way too pretentious and cowardly, and Tennant's performance isn't charming enough to make the character endearing to the audience. The original Peter Vincent may've been pretentious and cowardly, but Roddy McDowell's performance, along with Todd Holland's original vision, made Peter Vincent someone you wanted to cheer for. Lastly, the special effects are completely unconvincing. You'd think when they saw how fake some of the special effects looked they would've said, \\"Maybe we should work on that some more.\\"  Like it is with many remakes, the heart and soul is missing from the remake of Fright Night. Everything about the original seemed lovingly produced.  Unlike the original, this film just feels like another movie that the participants will likely forget just as quickly as this summer's movie-going audience forgot it. If you really want to see a good horror movie, I recommend you rent or buy something with some originality and guts, like the original Fright Night, or, if you want something more recent, Tucker and Dale Vs. Evil.
B000002WU9|3.0|This album is a little overrated.  Some of the beats are completely whaaack but the verses are very good.  Not an easy listen because of some of the beats but worth a playthrough..
B0054JZC6E|4.0|good game and u can earn points very. very quickly works great on my kindle I did have a hard time at first finding. the directions for each indivual game when I started
1451627289|5.0|Reading this book send me back to 2005 when this review was first written for another book, so it may not make much sense.<br /><br />My brother hmmmm? Lets call him Cartman.... My brother Cartman had a run in with the law which caused me to loose my new enterprise to become the first and best X-Treme petting zoo's in the contiguous United States. I had a facility of nearly 720 acres fenced and naturally landscaped meeting all the requirements our insurance companies required. I had more bizarre animals than you can shake a stick at, aquatic as well as terrestrial and I proudly say not one of them was something you would allow within 50 yards of a loved one. My business plan was tailored for the X-treme crowd and they like pain, danger, idiocy and such... I had it all! I had 5 Lynx, 17 Electric eels, 32 porcupines, 74 Sea Urchins, 1066 Piranha , 90 Ferrets, 45 Badgers, 50...yes 50 Wolverines, 2 Grizzly, 3 Black and 5 Brown bears a plethora of leaches ...the list goes on, just a drop in the bucket but you get an idea of the diversity of beasts available at my X-Treme petting zoo made available by me to fill any freaks fantasy of brain damaged fun.<br />Cartman on the other hand decided to open against my advice a Heavy Petting Zoo named \\"Neverland Heavy Petting Zoo\\" . He had goats, Tapirs, sheep of course, miniature donkeys etc. I grow weary at the thought of his ...sickness. Of course he was sued by the Jackson family for stealing their idea and as a result I lost all my credibly and my financing because I was kinda related to him.<br />I move onward cautiously and with some trepidation while Cartman still cavorts with his extra inventory of animals. Life aint fair and the petting zoo game is a thankless business....Plan B!
B00170MYIS|1.0|I bought this for my wife for Christmas, it works and charges up but it came in a package that was cut open.  Probably would not order again going yo try for a exchange
032180354X|5.0|There is something very magical about Dustin Diaz's photos. If anything, he has been a personal inspiration to me and my photography. As a photographer I try to learn by looking at his photos and incorporate my own view on things. I have been following his 365 on flickr and am a huge fan.   When I found out about the book I jumped at the opportunity to not only help him out (by buying his book) but was very excited to learn more.  His book starts of explaining tools he uses and recommends from light stands to flashes to soft boxes, umbrellas, and other tools in his arsenal.    One thing he doesn't really touch on though is really cheaper versions of equipment he uses. For example instead of Nikon's SB flashes, you could get a YN flash for cheap. Or instead of pocket wizards you can get a RF-602/603. This could however have been because he doesn't have hands on real world experience with this stuff but im sure he knows about it and maybe should have mentioned it for his readers.  After a few pages of explaining GN, f-stop, shutter, ISO and how to work with them the book jumps right into shots with the corresponding setup shots. This is where the book really shines.  Each picture shown has another picture illustrating exactly how the picture was taken. He labels the setup pictures so you know how far everything was from the subject, and settings used on the camera.  For example, if he used 3 flashes, you see exactly where the flashes were placed, what was on the flashes (gel, umbrella, softbox, etc), and the camera settings/distance to subject.   If you're looking for a simple cook book of the setup magic that is Dustin Diaz, this is the book for you. This book however won't walk you through Diaz's though process and changes he made from initial setup to the final production.   I think that would have been cool. Why did Dustin decide to change the light, put a blue gel on, move the subject, add another light, move a light instead of changing the iso, etc etc.  I lookforward to more books from Dustin Diaz, and also the opportunity to have a hands on class with him, which I would fly across the country to pay and attend.  except for the two earlier points, this book is still 5 star material. Im about to buy a few more to give out to photog friends of mine also.   If you follow Dustin, or are just trying to get into strobist stuff, this is a great way to learn. You will know exactly how each shot was completed and have the knowledge to apply it to your own shots.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|I do like it but I don't like.how u can get to other levels if u haven't beat it. and that goes to any angry birds.
B005ZUR724|1.0|its kinds crappy that this game is still being offered for sale even though its not working due to patch issues...the company should reimburse. everyone that just wasted there $6 on a game that doesn't work, or give them an additional 3 month free subscription once they get it working...just saying
B0064BCNA4|1.0|Terrible. You can't press more ethan one key at a time so you can't play chords! Also if you choose guitar sound you can barely hear it over the hum from the terribly amateur audio file. It's as if a 4 year old programmed this app. Just terrible. Uninstalling now.
B005QBKXOQ|5.0|This band is just getting stronger and stronger with each release.  I can't pick a favorite song on this CD because there are so many excellent tunes! From the very touching Gone too Soon and Lullaby to the rocking Renegade to the great ballad Start of Something Good.  I just keep listening over and over again.  Hope they are touring again soon, they are just as great live as they are on CD!
1451627289|5.0|Nowadays, it is really difficult for me to find a time to read a volume book like this. I'm happy that I was able to do that during the holidays. 11/22/63 is the day when Kennedy was assassinated. The book is a time travel story which the main character was going back in time to try to change the outcome of that historical event. It started it slow and, in my opinion, awkward. At one point I was wondering whether, after he had done so many books, King might lose his usual wits. But after a hundred pages, I couldn't put it down anymore. It got me totally. The time travels, the communities and lifestyles in late 50's and early 60's, the murders, the romance, the historical figures and events that led to that unforgettable day are intertwined so smoothly. King is still at his best!  King could have ended the book a hundred pages sooner, since I really don't think the last part/chapter is necessary. Anyway highly recommended! \\"Dancing is life.\\" What a romance!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Very handy for everything from contact lists to Web clipping. Easy to use. And it was free at the time - what can be better than that?
140131046X|5.0|Bought this book for a Christmas present. Service was fast!! I knew the book was good because others and I had previously read it.
B005ZUR724|1.0|come on Gameloft. You can do better than to steal money. This is a huge black eye to customer confidence!
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|the best app that as been made. it started as a app now we have board game's, fruit snacks and dog toys. what's next!!!!
1401922414|5.0|It's great to get a new uplifting message every day, and I get this calendar every year, and another one for my parents.
B000MRAAJW|5.0|This dvd will only play on an hd dvd player.  I did not know that it was not compatable with my blu-ray player and had to return the product.
B006C3Q6GG|5.0|I've read through bound versions of the Aubrey/Maturin novels #1-20 several times, and have just finished the Kindle version of Master and Commander - just let may say that every time I read these books it seems I find some gem that I missed during previous readings.  I'm stoked they've come out in a digital format, though as I start re-amassing my collection, I do hope the price moderates a bit (or they come out with a bundled e-set).  I primarily wanted to comment on the quality of the Kindle edition of M&C: for the most part, it was very well transcribed - the only error I observed was a single center-justified two-sentence paragraph on page 343/location 6752.  That's it.  It was also very nice to have access to the K's on-board dictionary - I referred to it quite often.  Although the occasional term may not have been recognized, a majority of them were.  It was handy, for example, to be able to look up \\"garboard-strake\\" without having to break stride in my reading.  Regards -
B001E45XT4|1.0|Was stoked when i got these headphones for Christmas they were amazing for about three days before the left ears volume output suddenly disappeared and the right ear became extremely loud i am very disappointed with this product .
B006C1DH92|1.0|Did they really not notice the game has no achievements page?  And you do get notices of obtaining achievements.  Please add the page.  The challenges are a nice addition to the classic Fruit Ninja, but an incomplete game deserves 1 star.
B00005JMJG|5.0|I am so happy I have this movie. This is the kind of movie you need to pay attention to from the beginning till the end, so you can understand it. Jim Carrey and Kate Winslet are boyfriend and girlfriend who had a falling out. Kate is going threw so much pain that she decides to erase Jim from her mind. After Jim finds out he try's to do the same.<br /><br />Asleep in his home two man are erasing her from his mind. While he is losing memories of her he decides he wants to keep them. So he is running around in his memories with her trying to hide her in place where he thinks they wont be able to erase her. When he wakes up she is gone. but surprisingly they find each other again and are back in each others life's. I've been told that everyone who is in your life now were part of your past life. And will be part of your next life. So there is really no point on erasing the hurt. It just comes back again.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Its the best app if you like solitaire. It has hints when you get stuck, autocompletion, Its the perfect game when you want to settle down and play on your Kindlefire!
630512762X|5.0|I remember seeing this movie back when I was a teen. This is a great movie. Very unique compared to a lot of action movies these days that have the same story.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|great game, haven't experienced any issues, works really well on the kindle fire, graphics are good. if you are an angry birds fan, you should definetly get this seasons pack!
B000BTJDGC|5.0|This is a great movie. Specially since it is a true story. I love true story movies. I also believe in god and demons. I find it interesting seeing what Emily Rose went threw. My heart goes out to her and all the pain she went threw. I love the strength she had to keep living her life in so much pain just to prove to people that the demons are real and are still out there.
B005CGI4EG|5.0|This Is The Best Show That Has Ever Been Made.This Boxset Makes You Always Be Able To Watch A Great Show Like This.It Is A Great Value For $40 And Is Really Great For The Price
B005CMSDLE|5.0|This movie relates how a young girl evades personnel from an organazitation he once belonged to. He taught her everything she needed to know how to survive. This is her story of how she actually evades these people who are after her to bring her back into the organization, or kill her. Since she doesn't want to go back, she evades capture. But did she survive? Watch the movie!!!
B0045JEPXU|4.0|I loved this album. There is definitely some great music on it. Only thing is that I was hoping for a more danceable flow but it is all good music.
B005ZTFPFQ|1.0|i call this crapware you get 1 game and if you want the others you have to pay for each. the way they make it sound as if you getting all the atari classics, but at lest now is says your only getting missile command free. when i first got it it didn't say that
B0063IH60K|3.0|I consider myself a beginner when it comes to Solitaire and I like this version of the game. Challenging, yet I win a game now and again which is encouraging.
B0067AC5KA|5.0|If you want a quick way to get up to speed on Stieg Larrson's addicting trilogy, this bundle is the way to read it. At first, it may start off slow, but once you meet the amazingly intriguing girl, the story takes off.  It's a crime thriller that keeps you guessing throughout until the very end. Some parts are graphically violent and sexual so be forewarned, but they are used to show the characteristics of certain people. You can't have a crime mystery without criminals can you? Very addicting. These books kept me reading until the early morning and I can't stop. The only other books that has the same style of writing to The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo as far as build up, characters and having twists and turns to the end are books by Kailin Gow, but with more romance, James Patterson, and Stephen King. James Patterson writes mystery thrillers, Stephen King writes horror, and Kailin Gow writes young adult fantasy, but they all have that skilled plotting mastery that Stieg Larsson has demonstrated through The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo.
B004KRQFI0|5.0|This album is solid all the way through. Great price. If you like DeadMou5 you will like this guy, he really knows what he's doing. Deep base and sick beats all the way through. He has hit the mainstream as of lately but is quickly rising as one of the best artists of his genre.
B002JODUI4|5.0|If you like deadmau5 then this is a no brainer. One of my personal favorites from the artist. By now the artist has reached a level that if you're looking at this album, you're probably going to buy it anyways.
B0063GORYU|4.0|enjoy playing the game. works well. sometimes cards don't go where I want them too, but that could be User vs app! :)
B002ZG999U|4.0|This is an excellent action movie homage to the 80's. Sly Stallone leads (and directs) and all star cast of old time and some new time action heros, as well as a couple of real life fighters(WWE/MMA). Their is also brief cameos by Bruce Willis and Arnold S. It does not have a super plot, but that does not matter, since most of these type of films never do. It is just good fun action. It is sort of a low grade Magnificent Seven.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is.awesome its like getting paid to pplay apps and using the money.to buy more apps. I play it every day
1878424319|5.0|Nature is easy to understand and so is this book. Change comes from the inside and not the outside. I love how he explains with stories how to apply his work.
B005HV6Y5W|1.0|Thought the beginning was slow, found myself waiting for the music to stop & the story to start. I got 20 min. threw & decided to turn it off. To be honest it was in a way just a really bad adult spin off version of Disney's Fantasia. Brad Pitt, Sean Penn and any other actors in the film either stood around, or walked aimlessly with extremely sad pathetic looks on their faces. I'm sure they probably ask themselves \\"what the hell was I thinking, that movie sucked\\" When the film switched to the scenic views it showed a salamander swimming (Weird, what friggin significance does the salamander have) There were also computer edited scenes of what appeared to be bacteria (Again whats the significance of the Bacteria) During the scenic views there would be a woman's voice randomly saying things such as \\"Hear Us Cry\\" (that just flat out struck me as Odd) I'm surprised she didn't just say \\"I Hate My Life, & Your Gonna Hate this Movie\\"  This film really was HORRIBLE, I do have to give it a little credit, some of the scenic shots were pretty cool.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Just as it should be, except the help suggestions aren't always helpful. Otherwise, it's an addictive time-waster, and a pleasant surprise for free! The ads are easy to skip if they're not interesting.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Hints are great and has made me a better player. Auto finish keeps you from taking all day to finish a game. Love it! Thanks!!
B005HJWWW8|5.0|My Canon t3i DSLR camera lacks a headphone jack so using the Fiio in conjunction  to the T3i's AV output I used this mini amplifier to achieve what a lot of people in the DSLR filming industry lacked. This Product is AMAZING I was able to turn some $20.00 headphones into some incredibly LOUD headphones with strong BASS comparable to the Beats by Dre (well Sorta) still the Beats by Dre are Great headphones but I'm just not willing to spend $399, so for now this mini amp works perfectly!!!!!<br />  The decision is yours $20.00 for Cheap headphones + 28.00 = $48.00  or  $399.00 for some named band headphones
B000W796OM|5.0|my son wanted all of the HP movies for xmas. I was so happy to find them all on Amazon for such a great price.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I'm a big fan of the windows solitaire and this comes very close to it but has a better statistics page.
1439170916|5.0|The other reviewers have said it better than I ever can.  Read this book.  You'll love it.  Its intelligent and interesting at the same time.
B004R13U6Y|5.0|it is good to see a quality app work on the kindle. this I find is great for reading PDF files. It has a nice set of features. Well made and puts most other apps far behind in terms of build quailty, features and appearance. Wish we had an equivalent Office app as good as this.
B005I6EU7U|3.0|I love the style and the feel of this product. However, the other reviews were right when they said that it doesn't quite close correctly. I agree with this. It is pretty disappointing to pay $40 for something that is not what you would it would be.
1423136802|4.0|so yeah, i only discovered the series after all of the 5 books have been published,so i was lucky enough to get to read them all without any waiting. after i finished reading them, i was stunned!!<br /><br />so here are some good things about the series:<br />1. it's authentic in its own unique way. the humor and brisk feeling of the books gave a whole new aspect of Greek mythology and made the mythology itself more appealing and interesting<br /><br />2. the plot was pure awesomeness!! it was so well arranged and planned that every event linked together in the end in unexpected ways. the story was extremely compelling and every single book kept me reading like nonstop. and there were happy moments as well as sad moments, which i think is vital for a good, and heart-touching story.<br /><br />3. the writing was exceptional. it wasn't exceptional in an epic, Tolkienish way, but rather a gripping and humorous way that made some of the less interesting scenes a lot more exciting.<br /><br />4. the way the author told the story really made me feel for all of Percy's pain, happiness, and sorrow. i cared for most of the characters and wanted to know what was going to happen to them. and even though Percy could be very annoying sometimes, his narrative never got that maddening that i would actually be so annoyed that i stopped reading, which is good because,well, i like reading about characters i like. and because you're reading from Percy's POV, you can really experience all the struggles and pain that he's facing and how he has changed throughout the story. so yeah, likable and mostly well-developed characters.<br /><br />5.  nice setting. i really loved the whole Camp Half-blood thing and it made the story much more captivating with all those fascinating little things happening in the Camp<br /><br />so, of course there are a lot more good things to the series, but those are the things i like the most about it. but then i did give it a 4 instead of 5, didn't i? well, here are some of the reasons i did what i did...<br /><br />1. the entire thing feels too...childish. i know the books are intended for children, but i think it could've been less childish still. like Harry Potter, it's intended for younger readers, but it is a lot more mature. in Percy Jackson, the character's actions sometimes seem like what a 10-year-old kid would do, which doesn't make any sense because the characters are much older than that. (this is kind of a personal opinion though)<br /><br />2. like many books written in first person, the books lack a wide perspective that would allow the readers to have a clearer look into other character's emotions, personalities, etc. so yeah, it could get a little too one-sided at times<br /><br />3. the chasing and killing monsters became almost tiring to me towards the end. fighting with monsters is okay, but when Percy keeps fighting monsters throughout the entire series, it became more mundane than exciting. but to me it didn't make the story less gripping; it just made the story less special and exceptional because it's so predictable. i mean, we all know Percy is not going to die fighting with a monster. so yeah, the story should've had more different, unique materials added in.<br /><br />4. Clarisse bullying Percy. it's just so typical. it appears in every high school movies and books. the senior sees a new guy. he/she bullies him. the new guy later on becomes the new leader and the bully gets what he/she deserves. i think with Riordan's imagination he could've done a better job of it.<br /><br />so yeah. great series, extremely enjoyable read, definitely worth your time (you may want to read the series during vacation or else you'll just forget to do your homework...:D) could be a bit boring for older readers, but still, it's a great way to spend your spare time. Recommend it to everyone, especially young readers and those who don't like reading. it will be a good + easy start :)
B0031YJFCQ|5.0|If you enjoyed the first two books by Larsson, this one will surpass them. Without giving away the ending, I'll simply say everything is wrapped up with skill and still leaves the reader with a desire to read more. The character of Lisbeth Salander has endless possiblities for future books.
B0018QOIXU|5.0|This was a gift for my daughter. She had mentioned how much she loved this particular singer. I also purchased one for myself, upon her recommendation, which was right on.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|I know -- you don't have any blades that are so dull they're almost as safe as a rubber training knife.  However, you know people who have knives that bad.  As with any sharpening system, it takes some skill to use and you need to know the limitations of the tool that you're using.  In this case, the sharpener is actually three tools in one:<br /><br />1. An edge-making tool, with carbide blades to quickly remove metal<br />2. An edge-honing tool, via the two ceramic blades set at the same angle as the carbide ones<br />3. A serrated blade sharpener for some blades, using the conical diamond hone on the underside<br /><br />As I initially mentioned, the carbide blades will put a good bevel on a knife that someone else has trashed, and in a hurry.  A few swipes with the ceramic hones will remove the wire edge and you're good to go.<br /><br />The diamond hone itself is small, but is about the right size for pocket-knife blades.  If you're looking to sharpen your bread knife, you'll need a bigger hone than this.<br /><br />In making this pocket-sized and in hitting their price-point, Smith's had to make some decisions that made this more difficult to use as it ended up awfully small.  The advantage of its size, though,  is that you can have one in your pocket, in your small toolbox, or affixed to something with paracord at all times.
B0063IH60K|4.0|it works good and I really like the auto complete that it allows you to use...I also like the hints
B004V5QWU2|5.0|I CANNOT BELIEVE THIS!!!!!! This is an amazing app, totally helps you sleep! I would even pay up to $50 on here!!!!!! It's amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!
B005POK858|5.0|Google search for &quot;mortik Genesis spreadsheet&quot;. That will take you to discussion ghread with link to google docs spreadsheet with all game info players have gathered. Great game!
0061245097|5.0|This series has me hook, line, and sinker. Going to the bookstore to buy the next today. Can't get enough of Cat kicking some serious butt, and Bones sultry, sexy ways. Must read this series.
B003PIUC02|5.0|\\"I'm gonna kill them all\\" My favorite line of all time suited him perfectly! he is spot on in the intensity of his eyes, the emotions, the fighting. I cant get over how much I loved, no...LOVE this series! (dont let the kiddos watch it)
B006JPS1OM|4.0|the game is fun to play and not too challenging. the screen shifts when trying to tap objects, but otherwise is a good download.
B001CEE1YE|5.0|Spectacular service and product availability keeps me coming back & telling others. Amazon is the first choice for me and my family & friends. Great Job.
B003R0MF5I|5.0|This was a gift and they were very happy with it. Chuck is a family favorite and this latest season did not disappoint. Great shipping time, thanks so much. :)
B0063IH60K|5.0|I enjoyed this app and haven't had any problems with it. It is about what I expected. I do really like solitaire and I'm glad there is a free one this good.
1451648537|4.0|There are many problems with Walter Isaacson's biography of Steve Jobs.  It's much too long, and it's much too rushed so it feels hollow and shallow in many places.  Much more problematic is how it's a hagiography of Jobs, rationalizing and even ignoring such unpleasant truths about Jobs and the company he founded.  This book will not be the definitive account of Steve Jobs, but it is a pleasant and interesting read.  America has a way of producing paranoid psychopaths who leave their mark in history as business geniuses.  There was Edison and Ford, and today we have Jobs, who is far more brilliant and disturbing that any of his Silicon Valley neighbors.  He possessed a nuanced understanding of consumer tastes and preferences, turning feats of technology and engineering ultimately into aesthetic experiences for the consumer.  He was a man of such enormous talent that he could have been successful in a number of ways -- either as an artist, as a marketer, or most probably as a cult leader -- but being at the right place at the right time meant he would be Apple's CEO.    Jobs is both an intriguing and disturbing figure.  This book is good -- the movie will be much better.
B005HSL626|5.0|Hello Fellow Mates!:) I'm Cornelious Cokk:) I highly recommend this game! Its a blast! I love the game,the apps are inappropriate but I like them!
B005PW3OS8|4.0|It's very hard to make a good movie adaptation of a comic book.  The plot and the language are from decades past, and the costumes and characterization do not belong anywhere.    And as a comic book hero Captain America is definitely not as edgy and as modern as either Spiderman or the X-Men; in fact, there's something suspiciously corny any hero named \\"Captain America,\\" and the movie capitalizes on this to good effect.    The movie's director is good at adapting one of the silliest of Marvel's heroes for a decidedly jaded modern audience.  The action is brisk, and the plot is fun.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|this.game is awesome! I don't understand why people buy the full version the adds r fine and I cant even get.past the first level!
B004LUS390|5.0|It's hard to believe the features included in this app, all for $0.99. If you like to draw, you'll love this app; it's much more sophisticated that most of the other drawing tools out there right now. It will take a little effort to learn how to use the various features, but it's worth the time. There's a full help menu available  to speed up your learning process. About the only thing that can be frustrating is having to toggle back an forth every time you want to change colors or refine your tool (pen, airbrush, marker) of choice, but I don't think there's any way around that when you're using the app on a phone or on your Kindle Fire. If you're looking for a program that skips the stickers and doodle pens that younger kids go for, this is it. Download and create away!
1878424750|3.0|After reading his more recent \\"Secrets\\" book, I had high hopes for this illeged seminal work.  Perhaps, but it was more like an outline in terms of depth of content.  Furthermore, as a fan of Tolle and all of his works, I found myself constantly in conflict with Chopra's premise that we need to adhere to \\"Seven\\" Spiritual Laws to attain success.  This flies in the face of Tolles admonition that we needn't subscribe to notions of placing \\"something\\" between now and enlightenment - rather he directs us to realise we already have everything we need to be there already - to be there \\"Now\\".  Chopra loves his lists of steps as he employs them throughout his writings.  Of course, it does appeal to my logical mind, and one does feel like they come away with something to on which to hang one's hat.  Ultimatley, there is some overlap between Tolle and Chopra with Chopra tending to be a bit more connected with the actual world (I'm not saying that's necessarily a good thing).  I confess I did find myself racing to listen to my Tolle's CDs and was quickly placed at ease with his natural, super simple presentation.  Of course, everything Chopra prescribes is absolutely true, but I just wish it was a bit less arduous to listen to.  When asked what time it is, Chopra will tell you how to build a watch - Tolle will just point to the sky and say nothing.  The latter will be far more accurate - in every way.
B005HSL626|4.0|I liked this one for the first few minutes and than became bored with it.  Cool game and the graffis are cool.  just dont play it enough
B000TEPE12|5.0|Was slow to show up in cloud but once it did it Worked out fine. I would buy items such as this again.
B0064T6LV8|2.0|this looked like a fun game but I didnt enjoy it and couldnt figure it all out completely.  Even though I didnt enjoy it kids will probably love it
0439023521|5.0|Other reviews are detailed enough so...This book had me hooked from the start.  I am a sucker for a good series and the first book didn't disappoint.  I am a 29 year old female and I think this series is one of those that transcend its suggested young adult readership, much like Harry Potter. I am delaying the inevitable end by waiting to pick up the second and third books, but I cannot wait to find out what happens next!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Its so convenient to be able to read the Bible using different electronic devices.  I love the reading. plans and the additional content that breaks each verse down.
B000067QMD|5.0|I purchased these a few months ago and use them daily.  Our daughter is exclusively on breast milk so I use these in the 9 ounce avent bottles to store breastmilk in the fridge and when we travel.  Instead of having multiple bottles made I can put 2-3 feedings worth of milk in one larger bottle and then use it as necessary.  I also plan on using these with the 4 ounce avent bottles to store baby food in.  I couldn't find them at Target which was a bummer but was happy to find them on Amazon!
1419702238|5.0|I can not relate, but my 13 year old son has all the Wimpy Kid books, and loves them.  Reads them over and over again.  Anything where he is reading is good for me!
0739384155|5.0|I purchased the girl with a dragon tattoo for my trip to Mexico.  It was a great deal.  I finished the book in 3 days.  Once you start you can't put it down.  I highly commend reading the book.
B004Z7AHZC|5.0|My son loves the Wimpy Kid series.  He has all the book, now he has both movies.  Very age appropriate, and very \\"real\\" for the middle school males in your life!
1451627289|5.0|The Stephen King you are sure to remember.  Classic writing and imaging.  Prolly for the little older audience who actually lived at the time.  May not hold as much meaning for the younger set.  Loved it.
B004P98QZ8|5.0|I purchased the Ninjago Fire Temple for my eight year old grandson.  He enjoyed building the set and has enjoyed playing with it each day since he put it together. It provided about the right challenge for his experience.  I found that purchasing this through Amazon provide the best value for the dollar compared to other alternatives that I looked into.
B005V2EVBQ|1.0|I can't remember when I ordered it but at least 4 days ago....it left the next day and last seen in ILL. Now I get an estimated time of arrival...geeez is christ!!!! Jan. 7th. Come on folks this is the 21st century! I can get freaking anything across the country for the bottom price in 4 days, tomorrow if I want   to pay extra.  this is not right.....it takes all the fun and excitement out of ordering something online from Amazon....AMAZON FOR CHRIST SAKES! The ruler of the online ordering world!!!  By the time I get it _ Jan 7th _ I'll wish I went to Office Depot and got it there that day....maybe for more but I doubt it.....imagine my excitement!!!!  I am so pissed I can't stand still.....freaking Jan. 7th....I could probably build one by then.[[ASIN:B005V2EVBQ Kindle Fire Lightweight MicroShell Folio Cover by Marware, Black]] When I finally get it I will write about it.....but I still feel screwed.   You should give the damn thing....I'd still feel disappointed cause I wanted it in a reasonable time.  And I'm not even drinking! Lucky you! Jan. 7th???????!!!!  AAAARGh!
B0030ZOYHC|5.0|I totally recommend this Blu ray. Improvements regarding images & sound are 110% better that the original version. The little changes are almost unnoticed for me, the main story is the same and the main characters remain almost untouched. If you still have doubts and you don't know which version to buy, I say go for this one, you will no regret it.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|Overall I am impressed with the sound quality of this headset. The audio is so good that I initially thought the set was not functioning at all when I first used them until I took them off my head and all sound went away. See the audio felt like it was coming from the front of the room (from the TV) instead of the typical headphone sound straight from the sides. So the surround sound works well for a single user experience.  There are a lot of reviews for this model on the internet but there are some annoying little things that nobody seems to mention.  I have a big head and most microphone toting headsets do not fit me well. The X41 is the exception, it fits with ample room to spare.  I do not listen to my audio maxed out too often. These headphones almost require me to listen at a higher level than I sometimes desire or they will turn off. They are programmed to turn off after a few minutes of no audio play to conserve power. However that threshold is set too high and will not allow low volume use without it shutting off.  The headphone earpiece is moderately comfortable and has good ventilation from the cloth covered foam padding but they tend to slide around a bit from the weight.  They are not that heavy but are the heaviest headset I have ever used, not that i have used a lot, so they shift around and if worn for an extended period of time leave sore spots on top of my head from the not so forgiving padding on top. Also considering the weight of the headphones I feel a young adult may get some neck fatigue with extended use.  The microphone is super sensitive and will transmit all sounds from the area you are in. There doesn't seem to be any noise dampening. For those familiar with the terminology it feels like the mic is left open all the time with no threshold for background noise levels.  Battery life is rated at about 20 hours and seems to be about right but I go through batteries (2 triple A) every couple of days. There is no indication the batteries arerunning low so at some point the headphones just turn off and I am left sitting there with no sound wondering what just happened. If the volume is turned up and the batteries are low the sound will just turn off as well. Simply turning down the volume will get more life out of the batteries.  There are two inputs for audio, an optical \\"digital\\" and an RCA \\"analog\\" input. The digital overrides the analog. Meaning you can not listen to analog input when the digital is active. There is a separate wired headphone jack on the front of the transmitter base to allow non-surround audio for an additional set of headphones or external speakers with its own volume control knob. I would like to have a way to manually switch between analog and digital inputs or just allow them both at the same time.  The provided cables although work, seem very cheap. In particular the provided optical cable keeps disconnecting from the Xbox connection. If you hear loud ear splitting pops then check the optical connections as they may not be seated all the way. Not to mention I had to buy the cable for the Xbox that provides the optical output.  Speaking of the popping noise, the further away from the base unit the more popping I get. Leaving the base unit and going to the kitchen which is about 40 feet provides a good amount of ear pain.  The microphone is not wireless on this model and the provided cable must be used if you are going to chat on Xboxlive. The wire plugs into the controller and then into the bottom of the left earpiece. I find this to be annoying because the jack is always in the way and rubbing against my shoulder or neck when I turn my head. Also it gets in the way when adjusting any of the settings since the volume knob, power button, and bass boost are all located on the bottom of the left ear piece.  The microphone cable has a mute switch and volume wheel located about six inches from the end that plugs into the controller. Since there is no background elimination circuit Iswitch to mute between talking to people online. This is not convenient to do since the location and style of the mute button makes switching back and forth a major pain to accomplish.  For some unknown reason there is a blinking red light beneath the left earpiece. Maybe this is to tell anybody standing on my left side that I am not listening to them. The base unit also has a couple lights on the front to tell you there is power and if your headset is communicating with the base unit. If you hear no sound a quick look at the top red light will let you know if the base is able to communicate with the headset by a either a steady light or a slow pulsing light (not communicating). This has only happened to me when I forget to turn on the headset.  I paid $99.00 on black Friday for these and feel they are worth every penny. I would not pay a single penny more though.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Kelly, you are one of the most talented voices out there.  Now, in addition to your awesome vocals, you also impress us with your views on personal liberty!  Please keep up the good fight!  You have earned yourself a fan in me.  I will be buying your album.
B004NRHL3A|5.0|Not sure why the review comes up as a game and asks me to rate how fun the game was and overall rating for the game. I rate this wireless headset a 5 out of 5 for sound quality alone.  Overall I am impressed with the sound quality of this headset. The audio is so good that I initially thought the set was not functioning at all when I first used them until I took them off my head and all sound went away. See the audio felt like it was coming from the front of the room (from the TV) instead of the typical headphone sound straight from the sides. So the surround sound works well for a single user experience.  There are a lot of reviews for this model on the internet but there are some annoying little things that nobody seems to mention.  I have a big head and most microphone toting headsets do not fit me well. The X41 is the exception, it fits with ample room to spare.  I do not listen to my audio maxed out too often. These headphones almost require me to listen at a higher level than I sometimes desire or they will turn off. They are programmed to turn off after a few minutes of no audio play to conserve power. However that threshold is set too high and will not allow low volume use without it shutting off.  The headphone earpiece is moderately comfortable and has good ventilation from the cloth covered foam padding but they tend to slide around a bit from the weight.  They are not that heavy but are the heaviest headset I have ever used, not that i have used a lot, so they shift around and if worn for an extended period of time leave sore spots on top of my head from the not so forgiving padding on top. Also considering the weight of the headphones I feel a young adult may get some neck fatigue with extended use.  The microphone is super sensitive and will transmit all sounds from the area you are in. There doesn't seem to be any noise dampening. For those familiar with the terminology it feels like the mic is left open all the time with no threshold for background noise levels.  Battery life is rated at about 20 hours and seems to be about right but I go through batteries (2 triple A) every couple of days. There is no indication the batteries are running low so at some point the headphones just turn off and I am left sitting there with no sound wondering what just happened. If the volume is turned up and the batteries are low the sound will just turn off as well. Simply turning down the volume will get more life out of the batteries.  There are two inputs for audio, an optical \\"digital\\" and an RCA \\"analog\\" input. The digital overrides the analog. Meaning you can not listen to analog input when the digital is active. There is a separate wired headphone jack on the front of the transmitter base to allow non-surround audio for an additional set of headphones or external speakers with its own volume control knob. I would like to have a way to manually switch between analog and digital inputs or just allow them both at the same time.  The provided cables although work, seem very cheap. In particular the provided optical cable keeps disconnecting from the Xbox connection. If you hear loud ear splitting pops then check the optical connections as they may not be seated all the way. Not to mention I had to buy the cable for the Xbox that provides the optical output.  Speaking of the popping noise, the further away from the base unit the more popping I get. Leaving the base unit and going to the kitchen which is about 40 feet provides a good amount of ear pain.  The microphone is not wireless on this model and the provided cable must be used if you are going to chat on Xboxlive. The wire plugs into the controller and then into the bottom of the left earpiece. I find this to be annoying because the jack is always in the way and rubbing against my shoulder or neck when I turn my head. Also it gets in the way when adjusting any of the settings since the volume knob, power button, and bass boost are all located on the bottom of the left earpiece.  The microphone cable has a mute switch and volume wheel located about six inches from the end that plugs into the controller. Since there is no background elimination circuit I switch to mute between talking to people online. This is not convenient to do since the location and style of the mute button makes switching back and forth a major pain to accomplish.  For some unknown reason there is a blinking red light beneath the left earpiece. Maybe this is to tell anybody standing on my left side that I am not listening to them. The base unit also has a couple lights on the front to tell you there is power and if your headset is communicating with the base unit. If you hear no sound a quick look at the top red light will let you know if the base is able to communicate with the headset by a either a steady light or a slow pulsing light (not communicating). This has only happened to me when I forget to turn on the headset.  I paid $99.00 on black Friday for these and feel they are worth every penny. I would not pay a single penny more though.
B005CGI4EG|4.0|While many of us who grew up with this iconic family of the late 80's with their sarcastic yet humorous look on life will remember this family fondly still the box set that the complete series comes in is sadly done.  The one thing many of us fear with our dvds are scratches or breaks and this set has the series dvds literally stacked on top of one another.  I'm not expecting individual dvd cases but at least give us a thinkpack case or something a little better then this.  Still though the video and audio quality of the set is very much improved from what I used to see on reruns on t.v. before High definition and for the price a very good bargain regardless.  The only season I feel that really should have been tossed aside was season 7,  while it isn't bad it did forcefully introduce us to a new family character Seven that was one of the most annoying and luckily canceled off character after about fifteen episodes. So for fans of this late 80's classic series or those looking for a great funny family sitcom here's a great set regardless of the actual box design at a very affordable price to add to you dvd library...
B004EBT5CU|5.0|I purchased two of these, one for my daughter for christmas and one for myself on her recommendation.  Adele has a beautiful voice and each song is enjoyable.
B005ZUR724|1.0|Developers don't care. A huge warning sign for any game. As of today game is down and unplayable but still for sale. Rip off at any price.
B000002G87|3.0|Neither the best nor the worst,just yet more Clapton:  fodder for the fan, but only two really good songs (Layla and Bellbottom Blues).
B005LZW8FO|1.0|This was totally not what I was expecting. Extremely boring and low quality. Almost like the Blair Witch project and much worse than Paranormal Activity and Cloverfield! Oh, and BTW, there isn't much in the movie about this other planet. It is about a smart girl who kills a guys family, spend 4 years in jail (which you don't see), and gets out to only try to have a relationship with the guy. What a horribly boring, low quality, misleading movie!
1451627289|5.0|Stephen King has long been one of my must-read novelists and I have been fortunate to have read nearly everything this man has published since his career started in the 70's. As a 'faithful reader', I must confess to having my faith waver in recent years.  I was highly disappointed in the over-blown and unsatisfying UNDER THE DOME and I found his novella collection, FULL DARK NO STARS far too dark and not with enough great story-telling.  With the release of his latest effort, 11/22/63, Mr. King has redeemed himself and returns to the top of his game with another lengthy novel that is full of great characters that the reader will instantly care about and features some of the best plotting of his career.  While we have been inundated with books/films about time-travel and space-time continuims that threaten to alter the course of history via 'the butterfly effect' it is easy to dismiss a tale about a time traveller seeking to thwart the assassination of JFK as just another trite entry in this genre.  However, King has created an indelible chracter in school-teacher Jake Epping, who walks through a portal in the back of Al's Diner of Derry, Maine, and straight into 1958.  He has five years to position himself to put a stop to Lee Harvey Oswald and along the way learns much about life and the tenuous ties that bind the past and the present.  Even if Jake is successful, there will be a cost and it will take his return to 2011 that will tell exactly what impact his actions in 1963 have had on the future.  Simply impossible to put down and one of the best reads of recent years!
B00009V7T2|1.0|I bought this item when the package arrived the box seemed to be new but there was no CD inside...
B005TPCQ5I|1.0|Send this to the MCA graveyard.  I've seen many Anne Hathaway films and loved her.  This film was a waste of reel time and actors energy.
B004HEXSLI|3.0|Although the writing style isn't particularly gripping, the information is interesting and important. I can see where this would be very helpful for people in detecting strokes or other brain injuries, as well as caring for people in the wake of brain trauma.
B005HSL626|4.0|It was the first game I purchased when I received my Kindle Fire.<br /><br />The game is a fun game, the faults I see within the game is when you swipe, it is very sensitive and when you get game over sometimes it doesn't go to the next screen right away it goes black and then you have to hit the back button to get your final score page. But other than these negative comments, it's really a fun game. =)
B005OCFHHK|5.0|This 8 film collection was a perfect Christmas gift, at a much lower price than anywhere else I looked. We are in the middle of watching the entire set - perfect for a cold winter's night.
B005TQACLC|1.0|I bought this dvd/blu-ray hoping to get something more or additional footage like backstage access or anything more.<br /><br />But it is just the concert... and that's it!<br /><br />For anyone who is not a fan this would be just ok, but for a fan waiting more from their idols, this is just a dissapointment
0143036742|5.0|What a fun book to read.  Such a nice diversion from our own wacky lives.  And in case you're skeptical about the title of the book, it really has nothing to do with the history of tractors.  Read with confidence that you will be entertained.
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|This is a good product; but it should be pointed out that it's a hardcase. There is little to no impact protection. If you are looking for some impact protection for your 'Fire' I'd suggest you look at other cases.<br /><br />That said, this is a good hard-case and will protect the fire in general transport and usage. The case has also got to be one of the lowest profile cases ever introduced for a hand held product. It adds almost no mass but provide great protection.<br /><br />Overall, this is what I was looking for. I'm quite happy with it.<br /><br />It is on the pricy side for what it is. This is why I don't give it 5 stars.
B0055SWM08|4.0|Simplicity in music and design, but at times challenging to solve. I found the puzzles to be delightfully satisfying to work through.
B0063IH60K|5.0|huge solitaire fan and this app really is the best. customizable with your own pictures, easy to use and free. if you love classic computer solitaire then you have to have this app.
B004XJRQUQ|5.0|I'd heard about this series from a co-worker and thought, \\"yeah, yeah, it can't be that great\\". Boy was I wrong. It has something for everyone of most ages; action and a bit of romance (I couldn't decide who to root for). It disturbed me on the level that something like the starvation and \\"lottery\\" could very well happen in our future. For those who are \\"Twilight\\" fans, this has some of the same themes running though it with the good and bad role models, those who are redeemable and those who aren't and those you want to take home and cherish and those you cry over losing. If you want a series that will keep you reading page after page, this is a great choice. Glad they are making it into a movie and will definately go see them all. I really hope there are more along this line from the author. Awesome!
B004HUE57S|5.0|I love it. A regular mouse makes my hand ache around wrist and forearm as I work many hours per day on the pc at work. When I would work for multiple days on projects, there would come a point where I could not even hold a mouse or even a pen. Several years ago my company purchased the larger Evoluent mouse and it made a huge difference for me. I recently bought this smaller Evoluent mouse for home use as I am now going back to school taking night classes online. This mouse keeps my hand and forearm in good shape & painfree. Also it has many more programmable features than the original. My favorites are the ledge for the little finger & the page up and down feature with the thumb switches so I can quickly page through documents.
B006L0A5P8|1.0|The app is free. The service to use the app is $50.00. Look elsewhere if you want a useful password app that doesn't cost a fortune.
0061537969|4.0|I enjoyed this well written book from the voice of a dog.  Good look at life from the view of the dog's owner as written by the dog.  I never knew dogs could write. Interestingly written and enjoyable.
1451648537|5.0|Good book. Was well received as a Christmas gift. It came on time with no problems. Ordered one for a neighbor too. She loved the ease of shopping on Amazon.
B004FOA84A|2.0|completed in less than 2 hours.  storyline is silly.  had great promise until i realized that there is only one level. spend your money elsewhere.
B0066W1AZK|5.0|it's so great! especially for a free game! I use this a lot, especially on the go, and even at home!!!
B004PAHZMC|5.0|My son never leaves the house without a pocket full of legos...or a ziploc baggy full, or grocery store plastic bag, or even his hat. This is a quick grab, quick unzip, quick load, Lego to-go solution. One that doesn't get used for other purposes (like his backpack or lunchbox or his pockets. (Dare I hope, no more legos in the laundry?)  And when he gets there (mom's house, the restaurant, a playdate) he has a 'staging area' to play in/on. It gets the mom's 5-star...I suppose I should ask my 8 year old his opinion, but if he's using it (and he is) then I think that says it all.  Smaller than I thought from the picture on-line, but just perfect size to sit on his lap in the car and to take everywhere. Easy, functional zippers. Cool graphics. Sturdy so far!
B002KSPKRS|5.0|Amazing surround sound, nothing like it on the market.  Wireless is the ONLY way to go - got a great deal on Amazon.com.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|use it regularly and I love it.  what a blessing!  all the options and particularly the audio option is very useful.
0756686970|5.0|I bought this book for Christmas for my 8-year old and he absolutely loved it! It also comes with a mini-figurine. Overall, positive experience with placing the order, delivery, etc.<br /><br />Great book!
B0063IH60K|5.0|Pretty smooth action, no glitches or hangups to cause heartburn... Would be nice if all worked this sweet... Will check out more MobilityWare apps...
0439023521|5.0|Although this claims to be in some sense aimed at teens, I'm not sure why. The writing is not graduate level, but I presume it's mainly because the protagonist is a teenager. Nonetheless, for a person who likes the kind of post-current-world genre, this one ranks right up in the top, of those I've come upon. It's dark, but not dark like The Road (that one really is depressing). It is violent, but not too gruesome. It's just a darn good read. Looking forward to the movie.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This was my first ap for my kindle fire. I didn't think it would be so addictive! since it is free you should definitely get it
B000E1ZBGS|3.0|The first time I saw this version, I really did not like it at all.  My biggest complaint is the pace.  The dialogue is usually rushed, yet so much time is taken to show Lizzy twirling in a swing.  If you don't know the scene by heart already, you will need to replay the first proposal repeatedly before you catch all of the dialogue.  Knightley just can't compare to Ehle.  She doesn't convey the intelligence that appealed to Darcy, the wit and attitude yes, but not the book-reading.  While the mother is less annoying than the 95 version, most of the family appears slothful and careless in this film.  Can you really imagine Darcy visiting a home with paint peeling and pigs traipsing?  While this Whickham has it in looks, his acting was lacking.  Definitely splashed with too many improprieties.  I also recommend turning it off before you get to the sappy balcony scene ending.  With all that said, it is still a beautiful, entertaining, standard-length film.  What it lacks in Austen authenticity, it makes up for in cinematography and a memorable score.  (My hubby brought home a copy and we regularly watch it.)  Just keep in mind that this is a whole different feel to the brilliant favorite, 95 Firth/Ehle version.
B000002J5K|5.0|This was a gift for a friend for Christmas.  He was delighted to receive it, and infact, he had talked about it so much I decided to purchase it for him.
B005EF6KUU|5.0|This show is killer. I managed to wait until a few weeks ago to watch a single episode - I watched all 4 seasons these past weeks and I am blown away.  I love some of the HBO series ( Boardwalk) and Showtime (Dexter); although overall the seasons are good, they at times might have a couple slow episodes meant to move the plot along and build suspense.  Breaking Bad Season 4 was 13 great episodes with not a single wasted show.  Watch it! For the price of two movie tickets you get ten hours of great entertainment.
B001O3B2M2|5.0|I listened to this album for hours on end when I was around 14 or 15. Christina really pours her heart and soul out here, and her voice mirrors that. I think its her best work and it has yet to be topped.
B004WGGQPQ|4.0|I. like it it is really fun and don't get this app on the phone it takes forever to download
B0063IH60K|5.0|well written game. good options and fun to play. I recommend this game to everyone. blab blab blab blah blah blah
B0054JZC6E|4.0|I think this is a great app! If you're looking for a game that will help pass the time and with a good mix of thinking and non thinking games, this is for you.
B003L77GGA|5.0|Amazon is always the bomb. Srevice,price n quality above expectations. Favorite season of smallville by far. Watched all seasons n this one tied them all together.
B004EPZ0BG|5.0|I went into this flick with real trepidition.  Hadn't this territory been explored previously in that cynical exercise \\"No Strings Attached\\" where the principals had zero chemistry?  Never fear this film is at turns witty, sexy, and funny.  The chemistry between stars Mila Kunis and Justin Timberlake is not only palpable but infectuous.  They are ably supported by a terrific supporting cast that includes Patricia Clarkson, Woody Harrelson, Jenna Elfman, and especially Richard Jenkins who does a terrific turn as Timberlake's father with early stage Alzheimers.  Just because a theme has been tackled before, usually poorly, doesn't mean they won't eventually get it right.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Very high quality for a game. Fast, and crystal clear. Amazing that a game so popular, would be FREE! All levels to accomplish to become an Angry Birds Pro.<br />  ~ Jessie
B00005JPCF|5.0|ordered for great niece becuSe she loves happy feet and was lokin for christmas presents. would order again aand thinkin about ordering part 2.
B002C6A6N6|5.0|My wife was sooo happy to be able to have her all-time favorite show in a collected edition such as this.  She couldn't believe it when she opened the box and saw what it was.  Being able to watch these fantastic family shows all over again has been a real joy for not only her but also sharing them with our two young boys has been very fun as well.  I ordered this set the Monday after Thanksgiving through Amazon and had it in my hands Thursday.  By contrast, my wife had ordered me the Blu-Ray edition of Star Wars through Best Buy on Saturday after Thanksgiving and it didn't arrive until Dec. 12th!  3 days versus 16 days?  No comparison, great job Amazon!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I have this app for my computer, phone, and kindle fire and its awesome. Very good note organizing tool for students...
B002VPE1XY|3.0|Was able to tightly squeeze the Canon Powershot Sx230 into this seemingly well built case, though the top would not close.  Obviously too tight for this camera.  The strap hole seemed to be a good idea, but trying to get the strap in and out of the hole is a waste of time.  Will be looking for a larger case with more functionality, perhaps horizontal on a clip.
0446573019|4.0|I read this book precisely because I love the \\"stranger comes to town\\" formula. An homage to Lee Child\\"s Reacher?--- I hoped so; that's what I want.<br /><br />So the similarities are like an excellent band doing a cover of one of your favorite tunes.  The funniest two are the ridiculous contortions of logic that put CID agent Puller on the scene in a sparsely populated region with scarcely any backup, and the wildly improbable \\"secret plot\\" behind everything: Vintage Lee Child.<br /><br />The differences: our central character Puller is less archetypal than Reacher, less weirdly stylized and more human. He is more connected to the world, with a very complicated family and, wait for it... a cat!<br /><br />I like Lee Child's Reacher more, because he is more mysterious, but I will definitely follow Baldacci's character Puller if the author chooses to do a sequel.
B002T921AC|2.0|i love justin bieber so much but i dont like his my world cd.i dont like his old songs like ONE TIME.i dont hate all of his songs i just hate the album.
B0063GORYU|4.0|This is a User friendly game.  It provides the player with hints and options to undo if a better move is discovered.
B006IGZWB2|5.0|my mom asked if i would like to wacth a movie with her a couple times i said no but i finally said yes.the movie was funny and sad at the same time. my favorite character was MINNEY. she was sssssoooooo funny. you might think it sounds boring but when you wacth the trailer or the movie you will love it. i wacth almost every night. its one of my favorite movies. the end made me cry it was just so sad. so wacth it because its an awsome movie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
B001UV4XFG|5.0|i love all the twilight movies.i love eclipse too it had alot of action and creepy too.i loved the cullens outfits
B0055SWM08|5.0|The title says it all. It's very fun yet addictive. On more than one occasion you'll think &quot;well, duh&quot; :)
B004K4AVAG|5.0|i loved born this way album it had awesome songs. i was always a little monster fan. i loved born this way,u and i,the edge of glory, marry the night,. i love lady gaga shes awesome
B005MYEQ4U|5.0|Had the French Government wanted to create a \\"love poster\\" for the city of Paris they couldn't have done better than this wonderfully original film by Woody Allen. Every shot, every scene drips of Allen's obvious fascination with this city of culture and romance.<br /><br />However, even though he could've stayed at that shining surface layer, Allen goes one deeper as he usually does in all his movies. By revisiting a topic that's dear to his heart, death and the meaning of our short existence on this planet, he takes us on a delightful philosophical journey sugar-coated as a romance story taking place in a gorgeous city.<br /><br />The burning question posed in different ways throughout the film is this: what would it take to be happy while we're alive? Would we be happy if we were somehow transported to a \\"better\\" time and place? And what if, once we arrive there, we start to yearn for yet an older time and another place?! When would our excuses end and when would we start to love what we've got here and now?<br /><br />This is a film that only Woody Allen could've pulled off. Whimsical, original, and adorned with frames that are shot like a dream. The romantic hit movie of the year that'll stay with you long after the pop-corn is gone.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|I Addison Minich that is 11 could play this game all day &amp; night I love is so much I think every one should buy this game it rocks the flinging birds it is awesome so all you guys should rate it 5 stars. you should I am :):):):)
B004EJTGTY|5.0|Can anybody tell me if the scene from GOLDMEMBER which I saw in the theatre which was cut from the movie and the DVD where there was a musical number for Mini-Me, who was similar to the first musical number in the first movie and where Mini-Me had a Miniature Shagguar and an Austin costume is present in this BRD release?
B003L77G8I|5.0|Excellent Season! The DVDs made it safely to my house and in good time. Can't wait to order the next season!
B005OCFHHK|5.0|Held off on this purchase until all of the films were compete and on blu-ray. They look great! Good picture, great audio,  a few extras that are available on blu-ray only....as usual, I shopped around and Amazon beat everyone's price that I could find! Completely satisfied! Come in an all inclusive case that is not very bulky...as wide as two standard cases, but has all 8 blu-rays!  Art work is just neat-o!
0553801473|2.0|I won't repeat what the thousands of reviews have already mentioned, other than my personal displeasure with the outcome of book 5, especially after having to endure book 4.
0307891402|5.0|Prima has always been the undisputed leader of strategy guides, and it comes as no surprise that they've achieved a new benchmark with this baby! Perhaps with the exception of Brady Games' beautiful Arkham City hardback guide, Prima's Skyrim hardback is the only video game strategy guide that could serve just as well as an attractive coffee table book.   Looks aside, it's the content that really counts. Like the [[ASIN:0761556273 Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion Game of the Year: Prima Official Game Guide (Prima Official Game Guides)]] before it, the Skyrim guide covers just about everything. With a game as wide open as Skyrim, that's saying A LOT. Items, character builds, NPCs, locations, maps, quests... they're all here, and underscored with tons of tips and advice to get the very most out of your Skyrim experience. Honestly, for a game of this magnitude, there is no reason NOT to have this guide (whether in paperback or hardback). You'd be doing yourself a tremendous disfavor. Also, I should note that the guide is already into its SECOND EDITION (and the game has only been out two months!) With that said, they'll probably have more paperback editions in the future. But if you want the beautiful hardback, you should probably purchase now.
B004U52VPS|5.0|We bought this as a Christmas Gift for our grandson.  He LOVES playing with it!  Sometimes he doesn't play the game, but builds structures around the pigs on his own, and knocks them down with the birds.  Once again, kids still enjoy simple games, and well and high-tech games.  I highly recommend this game.  The service was excellent.
B0063GORYU|4.0|its a great thing to have when just bored. but its a little more difficult than the one one on the computer. keeps me guessing everytime
B005OCFGTO|5.0|I've been waiting for the entire collection! Now the whole family can watch Harry Potter any time we want.  Service was excellent.
B000RJW1Y2|4.0|I purchased this wheel because I received several (PC) racing games for Christmas.  First off, I'd like to mention just how obnoxiously fast Amazon (TigerDirect?) got this to my door.  I ordered it yesterday afternoon and it arrived on my doorstep this morning around 8 AM.<br /><br />My first impression of this wheel was that it is really small.  I expected that based on the other reviews I read here, and I'm here to confirm that it is indeed small.  It is exactly 8\\" in diameter.  However, this doesn't really bother me as I thought it would.  I have extremely large hands, yet I can still use this wheel without much trouble.<br /><br />The reason why I took a star away is because the wheel feels a little sloppy, especially when you're only turning it a little bit.  The flappy paddle shifter has a nice click to it, but don't pull on it anymore than you have to because it feels a little flimsy.  The pedals are fine, but they barely have any resistance.  My biggest issue is the deadzone in the wheel and pedals feels a little bit bigger than it needs to be, though I never have problems with it centering in game.<br /><br />Pro's:<br /><br />Only $20<br />Most games detect the wheel no problem<br />Works with my nephew's Wii<br />Much better than a keyboard<br /><br />Cons:<br /><br />Feels like it only costs $20<br />One out of 3 games had key mapping issues (NFS: The Run)<br /><br />Overall I would recommend this wheel at this price point.  If you can afford another $10 or $20 on a wheel, get the next model up.  This is a budget wheel.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|i love the reminders and also it is great  to have so many versions in one place.  Also the audio versions are outstabdibg. Just wish it was available in more versions. Thanks. Keep up the great work.
B0063IH60K|5.0|No worry on carrying cards around with you. I like the hints.    3 Enjoy the one touch move capabilities. w Would recommend as a good solitaire game.
6305428352|5.0|Mr. Holland's Opus is based on a true story, and I love that. Richard Dreyfuss has been one of my favorite actors of all time. Great family Dvd. I would highly recommend.
B0024FADAQ|4.0|A good movie that reminds me (not just me!) of the fun and imagination that can go into a relatively short span of time.  The acting is good and the plot is elementary, however, that only adds to the enjoyment of the movie.  I highly recommend this movie if you enjoy SCIFY and don't mind a little romance in the process.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is the best. you try and pass all the games to unlock more. I highly recamend this game.:)
B004NELBPC|5.0|I love their indepth research. Their reporters try to give you a full rounded understanding.  Yes, they're more likely to represent the other 99% of us. Its good solid news reporting.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|this game is fun and entertaining it kills time. the only thing I don't like is having to unlock all games but its fun.
B002C6A6N6|5.0|This box set is AWESOME.  The DVD's are organized by seasons (both of the movies are on one DVD).  This is not the \\"deluxe\\" set so it just comes in a plain compact box which makes it easier to keep on your movie shelf.  This is a great price for this box set.  I have been a Dr. Quinn fan since the series first aired.  I am so happy that I was finally able to afford this collection!
B000HT3PPG|1.0|Great movie but I was extremely disappointed in this supposedly Blu-Ray edition. It isn't even close to HD let alone Blu-ray quality. Looks like a regular \\"small screen\\" dvd (that's right it isn't widescreen) and has only the black & white version unlike many other quality blu-ray editions of classic movies that have both the BW and color versions.<br /><br />So do yourself a favor and don't waste you money on this \\"blu-ray\\" version.
034552554X|5.0|Product shipped super quickly and with it being a hard back cover I was afraid the edges would get damaged in transit--book came in mint condition and made for the perfect gift
1451627289|5.0|I usually pass on Stephen King because I don't like horror, blood, and gore.  But then I really enjoyed the movie of \\"The Green Mile\\", have watched it several times.  I was intrigued by 11-22-63's premise, I was a freshman in high school when Kennedy was killed, indulged some of the conspiracy theories around Kennedy's assination, so decided to give this book a try.  It is exceptional.  I sat down and read all 850 pages over two days.  The tale is well told, and the implications of what the narrator undertakes are very thoughtfully considered.  And, best of all, the ending is nicely done.
B0013N7AD8|5.0|Ask a must for any collector of the work of Batman. I was surprised at the quality of the discs and the huge amount of extras that holds. Purchase will not regret.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Finally a sci-fi show that has great writing and an awesome cast.  I can't believe they canceled this show.  What were they thinking.
B0042RJWTC|1.0|Warning to potential buyers--I did not buy this box set from Amazon.com, but from a big box chain bookstore.  (However, I don't think that the seller is a factor in the problem I have with the box set.) I put disc 1 into my dvd player and the first episode played fine, but then I could not get the 2nd episode to play--I could hear the disc trying to go the next episode, but it would not.  Eventually the player just went to \\"stop.\\")  I tried another disc in the set, and the same thing happened. Please note that I have hundreds of dvds and I have not had this problem with any of them.  Thinking this was a unique manufacturing defect on this one box set, I returned the set to my place of purchase, exchanging it for another Tudors complete series set.  The same thing happened.  No matter what way I tried to access episodes after the first one on a disc, I could not do it.  Again, as I have  said, all my other dvds play fine.  The only thing I can think of causing this problem is that there is a line on the dvd box saying that the format is dual layer and that \\"some layer transition may trigger a slight pause.\\"  With me it's more than a slight pause. Now I'm stuck with a set that I cannot watch; the seller will not issue store credit when a dvd is opened.  They will only allow an exchange for the same exact title.  I wonder if any one else is experiencing this probem.  For me, I will just stay away from all dual layer discs; the problem will be how to identify such discs.  The Tudor box set tells you they're dual layer, but when buying over the internet (such as at Amazon.com)there is no mention that these discs are dual layer.  Oh, well!
B004UXUUDA|5.0|Sarah (M&eacute;lusine Mayance) and her parents are driven from their home during the 1942 Vel' d'Hiv Roundup. Before the French officials forced them out, Sarah was able to hide her little brother in a locked, concealed closet. When it becomes apparent the family will not be returning home, Sarah's desperation to rescue her brother mounts, and she does everything in her power to get to him.<br /><br />When American journalist Julia (Kristin Scott Thomas) and her French husband begin renovating his family's Paris apartment, Julia learns that the former occupants were part of the 1942. Finding out what happened to Sarah becomes a driving force in her life, and Julia soon uncovers long-hidden family secrets.<br /><br />My take: I generally enjoy World War II movies, so I jumped at the chance to review \\"Sarah's Key.\\" I didn't realize it was a French movie, though (perhaps I should have read the description better!)--so I'm glad I recently got a larger TV, which made reading the subtitles easier!<br /><br />I really liked this film. The fact that it cut back and forth between Sarah's and Julia's stories kept it from getting too heavy. I also appreciated that the filmmakers chose not to go for the \\"gross out\\" factor in one pivotal scene. Rather than showing a grotesque, decomposing body, they focused on the characters in the scene, which I think made a more powerful impact than showing the body would have.<br /><br />Several fantastic performances really carry this film. Kristin Scott Thomas is great as usual, but the two performances that stick out to me are Niels Arestrup as a Frenchman who takes Sarah under his wing and M&eacute;lusine Mayance as the young Sarah. Mayance in particular is phenomenal, as she completely sells Sarah's horror, determination, and pain.<br /><br />Also of interest is a \\"making of\\" special on the DVD, which features interviews with the film's director (who claims Mayance is one of the best actresses he's ever worked with) and Tatiana De Rosnay (the author of the book Sarah's Key), as well as a look at the special effects/stunts and the history behind the story.<br /><br />\\"Sarah's Key\\" is easily one of the best World War II films I've seen, and I highly recommend it!he special effects/stunts and the history behind the story.  \\"Sarah's Key\\" is easily one of the best World War II films I've seen, and I highly recommend it!
B0030IG0C6|5.0|I bought this toy because my daughter saw the Schleich knights I gave to my 5 year old son for his birthday. Suffice it to say, I was left with no choice other than to buy some horses (unicorns) for her to play with because she kept trying to grab at the horses that came with the Schleich knights my son got.  At first glance, Schleich toys seem expensive, even when bought through Amazon. Although a bit pricey, the quality more than makes up for that. This figurine stands a few inches tall - it's not some tiny little thing. It's made of a resin-like material, extremely durable. In fact, our puppy grabbed one of the knights and tried to chew on it for a few seconds until we could grab it away - there wasn't a mark on it.  The level of detail with these figurines is exquisite. Although they're apparently hand-painted, they're painted to perfection. The attention to detail. As my son played with the knights, I found myself thinking that they looked so real that it was almost as if someone had taken a photo of Medieval soldiers. Awesome. The unicorn has a similar level of detail, as you may be able to tell by looking at the pictures on Amazon's web site.  One bonus to the Schleich toys is that they're large, with few, if any, removable pieces (the lances of the mounted knights can be removed, and the mounted knights can be taken off their horses). In a house with other small kids and dogs, the size and lack of numerous parts is pretty key.  My kids really, really love everything from Schleich. There was a bit of downside in that. First, after we gave my son his knights we couldn't get him to bed because he wanted to play with them all night. In fact, we had to agree to allow him to take them with him. Then we had to give him more knights for Christmas. He was previously into cars, but the cars appear forgotten. Then he immediately wanted to read books on knights and compare them to the figurines we'd given him.  Second, as I mentioned above,the Schleich toys are so nicethat they have triggered any number of disputes among my kids. So if you're buying for one child, be ready to buy some for the others!  Really, I can't remember the last time my only reservation about a toy was that my children liked it too much. Durability, educational value, fun, these knights can't be beaten. Highly, highly recommended!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|The Ron Paul revolution is supporting you, Kelly.  We really want this to top the charts for you.  Bless your heart.
B0031RG846|5.0|I bought this toy because my daughter saw the Schleich knights I gave to my 5 year old son for his birthday. Suffice it to say, I was left with no choice other than to buy some horses (er, unicorns) for her to play with because she kept trying to grab at the horses that came with the Schleich knights my son got.  At first glance, Schleich toys seem expensive, even when bought through Amazon. Although a bit pricey, the quality more than makes up for that. This figurine stands a few inches tall - it's not some tiny little thing. It's made of a resin-like material, extremely durable. In fact, our puppy grabbed one of the knights and tried to chew on it for a few seconds until we could grab it away - there wasn't a mark on it.  The level of detail with these figurines is exquisite. Although they're apparently hand-painted, they're painted to perfection. The attention to detail. As my son played with the knights, I found myself thinking that they looked so real that it was almost as if someone had taken a photo of Medieval soldiers. Awesome. The unicorn foal has a similar level of detail if you look closely at the pictures.  One bonus to Schleich toys is that they're large, with few, if any, removable pieces (the lances of the mounted knights can be removed, and the mounted knights can be taken off their horses). In a house with other small kids and dogs, the size and lack of numerous parts is pretty key.  My kids really, really love everything from Schleich. There was a bit of downside in that. First, after we gave my son his knights we couldn't get him to bed because he wanted to play with them all night. In fact, we had to agree to allow him to take them with him. Then we had to give him more knights for Christmas. He was previously into cars, but the cars appear forgotten. Then he immediately wanted to read books on knights and compare them to the figurines we'd given him.  Second, as I mentioned above,the Schleich toys are so nice that they have triggered any numberof disputes among my kids. So if you're buying for one child, be ready to buy some for the others!  Really, I can't remember the last time my only reservation about a toy was that my children liked it too much. Durability, educational value, fun, these knights can't be beaten. Highly, highly recommended!
B0002F6BRE|4.0|Elf is one of the most \\"quoted\\" movies at our house. Funny for the whole family. Be in the holiday spirit ..not in a serious state of mind and you will enjoy it!
B0063IH60K|4.0|this is an awesome app and I would totally recommend it to everyone. I want to get the Paige app so I can do without the ad's that pop up all the time between. the game's.
B005N95JA4|5.0|I purchased this CD for the additional 12 outtakes and was also impressed by the quality of sound of the original CD. A nice trip down the past.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I have been using this app for over a year now. I really enjoy the different plans. I love it!
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I use evernote to keep my life organized and to aggregate notes, thoughts, journals, pictures, memos, etc.  would recommend it to any friend
B001AX60KU|4.0|I thought I was getting the DVD for Elvis 1968 Comeback.  It appears that I'm only getting  the CD.  Do you have the DVD?
B002WYH5N2|4.0|love the movie, but was dissapointed with the 2 disc edition, since another reviewer had said the soundtrack would be in this edition
0439023521|5.0|This book is an addictive page turner.  The details are so specific I can picture everything in my mind.  I highly recommend this book.  It is an amazing story.
030788743X|4.0|Good read... Broght me back to my childhood with all of the 1980's reference on games and television of the time. The author can be a bit to wordy and overly descriptive at time. I would have like to see more of the chatacters talking and telling the story instead of pages of description with long periods in between.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|great for all ages..variety is wonderful , lots of choices so all can play , from ages 3to100. love it loveit..
1250004217|5.0|No story has touched me more regarding the personal life of a young Jewish girl and her ordeal with the Nazi's. Written to feel her emotions and the you just don't want to but the book down. I will never forget this story.
B0066W1AZK|4.0|Easy to use interface. It only took a quick adjustment to get it playing at my (low) skill level, hopefully it will teach me to up my game.
B002VECM6S|5.0|This is great movie no matter how many times you watch. Gives new feeling about the human sprit and doing the right thing for someone else.
B004EPYZUS|5.0|The other three MI movies were forgettable action movies that seemed to have some hidden agenda weighing down the enjoyment factor.  Not so with MI4!  This is a non-stop roller coaster of a movie that starts with a bang, and doesn't let up at all for the next two hours.  The story isn't the best, but the action and humor are top-notch.  The biggest quibble with the entire movie is the unneccessary sand-storm car chase sequence that adds 10 minutes to the movie that add nothing to the plot or overall action.<br /><br />Lots of fun, and worth seeing on the big screen if you can.
B006JPS1OM|5.0|great hidden object game. will consider buying paid version. you have to keep tapping objects in order for them to be recognized
B005OCFHHK|5.0|Got this for a gift to our grandson.  He loves it.  It shipped right on time and was exactly as described.
B005V2EVBQ|4.0|If you are looking for a minmalist cover this one is great.  Here's what I think about this item:<br /><br />1. This case does a great job at protecting both front and back of the kindle without adding bulk and weight.<br />2. The cover is held closed by an elastic band which is much like the first generation kindle cover I had experienced in the past and lasted for years without breaking.  I assume the same will happen with this cover.<br />3. To act as a stand, pull the cover back behind the kindle and fold it into a triangular stand and tuck the end into the back notch.  The stand appears to work fine.<br /><br />The (potential) negatives:<br />1. The back of this case is a sort of hard plastic and the kindle sits inside it.  Removing it from this once set in is a little difficult but can be done without issue.<br />2. The folding back of the cover to create a stand works fine now as it's new.  I just wonder with repeated use, how sturdy it will be.  If it breaks, I wll update this review.  I purchased and have begun using it the first week of December 2011.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|It had all eight disks, shrink wrapped, and brand new as promised. It was well worth the money spent because some used series were going for more than this. Thanks again.
B00479SVBU|5.0|I bought this to replace a Belkin brand accessory for my iPod touch because there was too much static when playing audiobooks over my car radio.  This device creates a much stronger signal and the static sound is minimal on my audiobooks from my iPod.  I live in the city, so I may have more interference than in other places.  I like the Soundfly's versatility and am tempted to load an SD card with music to see how that function works.  If only it could charge the iPod while it plays music like the product I'm replacing.
6304884419|1.0|It was horrible. Not a clear picture it was dark. The movie seemed very bootleg. I would not recommend purchasing anything from this dealer. It am not happy and it was for a christmas gift.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Thank you, Ms. Clarkson, for your vocal support for Dr. Paul, the Champion of the Constitution.  You are clearly very talented, but I never would have purchased this CD had you not endorsed Dr. Paul.  Those spewing hatred are simply ignorant and represent a tiny minority. Tens of millions of Americans are standing with you in solidarity, as are many, many more around the world.  The system's efforts to discredit your endorsement are and will be fierce, but there is no need to apologize for your support of Dr. Paul, liberty, and the Constitution.  In Liberty!!
B0055SWM08|5.0|Great puzzle. game to promote problem solving.  Elegant, fluid graphics to keep. it easy on the eyes. Loved the music.
B0066W1AZK|5.0|this is the easiest &amp; finest electronic chess app I've ever played. love the wood look too. very classic &amp; classy look.
0807014273|5.0|this book has a large amount of wisdom from a person whos in lowest stage in their life. this is like an autobiography and talks about his experiences in life. he also goes behind all and explains it all. he believes that suffering can make a person grow. i used to belive otherwise, but after reading this, i understand a new perspective to life.
B001UN1KVE|5.0|Mel Brooks first conceived this movie to be titled Jew in Space according to History of the World Part One. so not only is it a Star Wars Sequel but It's also History of The World Part Two. I believe they were going to explain Lone Star is the lost Son Han Solo and Princess Leia in Spaceballs 2: The Search for more money. Sadly John Candy passed away before this could happen. Not only is it a sequel to Star Wars but also Aliens Planet of the Apes and yes, Transformers! you will see that Megamaid is a Transformer! This movie is lightyears ahead of many of the movies we have seen today. It is something much more powerful than the Force, the Schwartz!!!
B005LFQRTC|5.0|WHEN I WAS YOUNGER, I ALWAYS WATCHED THIS SHOW. I WAS WAITING FOR IT TO COME OUT IN DVD, AND WHEN IT DID I GOT IT.I HOPE TO GET THE WHOLE SERIES. DVD SHARP.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|good time passing game....... good for all ages. :) makes you want to keep playing to unlock more games. fun.
B003ELOQCA|5.0|THE DVD WAS EXCELLENT.  THE 360 TOUR WAS ONE OF THEIR BEST I HAVE TO SAY.  I SAW THEM LIVE IN NASHVILLE AND HAVE TO SAY THE DVD QUALITY WAS GREAT EVEN THOUGHT IT WAS FILMED AT THE ROSE BOWL.  EXCELLENT TO SAY IT BEST.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I love spider. it is very fun. I would recommend it to friends and strangers. fun fun fun fun fun
B005COO1X6|4.0|I enjoyed Mile 81.  The style is very much like the good ole days, similar to novels such as 'The Stand'.  A good read...quite a page turner.
B003XF1XOQ|2.0|I read the first two books of the trilogy in less than 2 days, and Mokingjay took me days. I found this book to be sloppy with a lack of plot resolution.  In the end, here's my ultimate opinion: you need to read this to close the Hunger Games trilogy in your mind. I don't think you will ultimately love the book, but everyone needs closure (unless you happen to be Katniss).
B006C1DH92|5.0|Great, fun way to play fruit ninja again! No bugs or problems with the game. It is very well polished as other games from Halfbrick!
B005HSG3U6|5.0|I did my homework (because I'm really clumsy) and saw the mixed reviews for this, but I took my chances anyway. And I'm glad I did. The case is exactly as it is described and the (newer)  price tag is excellent.   This case has a very low profile and I feel like it is well-protected using as little material as possible. The stand works as described - I've been bumping it as well as the table I set it on and it hasn't slipped out once.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This is a classic game. I like that u can just tap and the cards go where they need to.
B0044DEAUA|5.0|I bought this for my wife because she will not wear an earbud. It works great and holds a charge forever if you remember to turn it off when parking the car. I have only charged it once in 1 month and it was not fully discharged. The speaker is loud and clear and the microphone works great - you cannot tell this is hands-free from the other end. It works. Buy it.
B004JHYRDQ|5.0|I have been an avid reader of Asimov books for over 30 years. I like all his books. The naked sun is no exception.
034547581X|5.0|I'm a veteran of the Vietnam War.  I have seen the movie but I just read the book.  The book was a work of art and a lot of love for the men that lived and died there.  I went to the wall for the first time this year for Veterans Day (2011).  I heard Joe speak.  A true Veterans friend, so I had to read the book.  I should have read it along time ago.  A must read for those who dream about being heros.  Freedom isn't Free!
B004U52VPS|5.0|This one was a hit for Christmas! Very intertaining and different every time played! Uses thinking skills on how to build.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|This is great! Please ignore the bad reviews. This strap is NOT just glued - it is attached inside the back portion of the case - very secure. Yes, it is lightwieght (hence the name \\"lightweight kindle case\\") - but not at all flimsy. It stands just fine with the Kindle in it. The Kindle actually snaps into the case, so it can't fall out by accident or jiggle around.   I love it! Simple, durable, lightweight. It outshines the cheap-o ones at BestBuy and Target by far.
B004EBZX6W|1.0|Can't get to work on the Kindle Fire (along with another wifi analyzer) although it works fine on my android phone.
B0015DROBO|4.0|I saw all three of the Swedish movies and really enjoyed them and decided to read the books. I was not disappointed. At times it did drag but once you start getting halfway through your sucked in and you don't even realize how quickly time has gone by. I would definitely recommend this to others. This book is not for those who are offended by rape though as this book does have a pretty graphic rape scene.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Never got old, even on a 5 hour car trip! Would definently recommend it and wont be undownloading! Great game!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Talented and true.  The message of liberty unites us all to a common goal and introduces us to talented stars such as Kelly Clarkson who is true at heart.  Freedom is popular, Ron Paul 2012 and Kelly Clarkson next CD goes Plat!
B003H9MSPG|3.0|The clip system works well, but only six darts is pretty low. The barrel at the, which is removable, make the gun look cool but seriously reduces the velocity and thus the range. We did a few tests and the distance with the barrel off is 60%-100% better. So remove it if you want a better working gun. The gun is pretty good overall, it would be nice if all the N-Strike stuff could share ammo, we have three different ammo types in the house now.
B005I6EU7U|5.0|I was looking for a good looking and practical over.  This is it.  I was a bit skeptical at first after reading some of the other negative reviews, especially the ones that indicated the cover was too small for the Kindle Fire.  Granted, it is a tight fit but then again, isn't that what you want in a cover so the Kindle Fire doesn't slip out and get damaged.  It is perfect, does not interfere with the operation of the Fire at all.  The on/off button is easily accessible with the cover on as well as the USB connection.  No problems closing the cover.  I especially like the look and feel of the cover.  Looks like it would go very well sitting on a bookshelf and has a great leather feel.  The pocket inside is rather small and tight.  About the only thing you could fit in there would be an ID card, credit card, cash or anything that is flat.  This is a great cover and I highly recommend it.
B004SD5GZ4|2.0|I specifically bought a kindle fire because I was told that it would open password protected pdf's. It does not do this natively and after much research, I learned that I would need to download the Adobe Reader to open the file. The app opens the file further that the native program does (it actually brings up the log in and password boxes to unlock the document), but it does not let me click in the boxes to enter my log in and password information. This needs to be fixed before this program will be of any use to me.
B002HK9IDQ|5.0|Bought this DVD as a Christmas present for my elderly parents along with several other old movies and they absolutely love them.  This is a great movie and the disc was in excellent condition when I received it, thanks Amazon!
B000ZM7VVO|5.0|These guys make me proud to be Irish.  The music is great for so many different things (working out/parties/bar jukebox, etc) and I just can't get enough of them.  Drunken Lullabies remains my favorite album from Flogging Molly.
B0007939NO|5.0|Bought this DVD as a Christmas present for my elderly parents along with several other old movies and they absolutely love them.  This is a great movie and the disc was in excellent condition when I received it, thanks Amazon!
B005MYEPXC|5.0|This witty, entertaining comedy captured my heart and my imagination. Owen Wilson shined as the lead in this film. Not only romantic, but it seems that Woody Allen transcended cynicism and has come to embrace the present, with all its imperfections. A classic.
B001KVZ6LQ|5.0|This is the best presentation, by far, that \\"King Kong\\" has received on home video. It's almost as good as seeing the film for the first time.<br /><br />Yes, some scenes have a lot of grain. SO WHAT. The beautiful details of the miniature sets and Dor&eacute;-inspired backgrounds are visible in a way they never quite were before. Technical inadequacies are also more-visible, most-notably unstable matte lines.<br /><br />The supplemental material is above-average, including two hours' worth of material on the film's gestation and production. All the work Obie did for \\"Creation\\" is included, in beautiful HD transfers.<br /><br />But the very best supplement is the lost spider-pit sequence. I watched it before anything else, thinking \\"They've finally found it!\\" But they hadn't. Peter Jackson studied the highly detailed script and came up with a plausible story board. The monsters were created, the sequence animated, and then \\"downgraded\\" to look like a 1933 film. The illusion is perfect. And it's infinitely better than Jackson's excessive and overwrought take on the scene for his unnecessary and pointless remake.<br /><br />My only gripe is that \\"Son of Kong\\", a charming and unassuming sequel, is not included. But the disk is so stuffed with material there probably wasn't enough room.<br /><br />Recommended without hesitation. A necessary addition to any film-lover's Blu-ray library.
0316056863|3.0|I adore Tina Fey. 30 Rock & SNL are two wonderful shows that I enjoy every single week. Tina Fey amazes me with her wonderful sense of humor, her hot looks, and her terrific ability to multi-task. \\"Bossypants\\" should have been the best book of the year. I briskly read it, only taking two days. The stories were all engaging and I found her advice to be really true-to-life. The one thing that I didn't enjoy in the book was the amount of profanity. From crude stories (some of which were worthy to be put in the book; some of which were excessive) to extreme language (multiple uses of the s word, g-d, and the f word), it all seemed gratuitous. In all honesty, I found the usage of such profanities to be lazy writing (in contrast to the stories). It's almost as if Tina had to reach a certain word limit so she just went back through each chapter to add ridiculous language. In conclusion, I encourage everyone to pick up a copy of the book, but in my heart, I lament that it had so much more potential.
B005WMQ5R8|5.0|Look. I understand. \\"Anime\\" isn't a cool thing to most people, not even most self-described \\"geeks.\\" These days, \\"anime\\" is commonly used as shorthand for a particular type of storytelling, characterization, or visualization...and the people who do so NEVER mean it as a compliment. Maybe you're one of these people yourself.  Or maybe you used to watch anime and no longer really do because you've got music, videogames, and regular movies/TV to watch instead. Maybe you used to watch stuff like [[ASIN:B00102FF7U Cowboy Bebop]] or [[ASIN:B004DMIISM FLCL]] on the Cartoon Network, but never really saw anything else that you liked as much. Maybe you end up spotting some anime that is on Netflix or Hulu, but you don't feel like watching them all the way through.  Does any of that sound like you or someone you know? Then watch this movie.  There's no TV show or comicbook with hundreds of episodes you have to know about first. There's nothing \\"Final Fantasy\\" or \\"Kingdom Hearts\\"-like about the story or characters. There's no harem of girls surrounding some loser guy. There are no \\"jokes\\" involving giant sweatdrops or accidentally copping a feel. This is different from all of that.  Redline is visually astonishing with a soundtrack to match, but contrary to what is often said Redline's strong points aren't JUST those. This movie has great characters, each of whom is memorable in their own way. There's a lot of humor, and the film's comic timing (and restraint!) is spot-on. The story isn't shallow or even minimal. By the time everything ends, you'll know all that needs to be known about who these racers are and why they're doing what they do.  I don't care about racing or cars. But I totally dig Redline. I think you will too.
B000I0QL82|5.0|I strongly encourage anyone and everyone to take two hours in the holiday season to sit down with their families in order to see this film. It is an expertly crafted mix of dancing, singing, and nostalgia. I am so appreciative that my parents started this tradition with my family!
B004G600A4|4.0|We bought this movie for our 5 year old daughter for Christmas.  She absolutely has been in love with this movie.  Price was alright, shipping was decent.
B005CW5E3E|5.0|A good album over all. Johnny has still got it..he has become what he is...a very good blues player.......strong effort with great licks and hard work
B000HC2LI0|5.0|This is a great product!  Having been a fan of this series I was thrilled to find it available on Amazon.com  The quality of each DVD is excellent.  It covers not only each episode but also many behind the scenes recollections of the creators and actors.  I couldn't be happier with it.  The carrying case it comes with carrying the Presidential Seal is classy and a nice collector's item as well.  I would highly recommend purchasing this item.
B00127RAJY|4.0|OK so I am only 15 years old and trying to get into shape. I have lost a total of 30 lbs so far and have another 15 to go, although I didn't lose the weight off this video. I started this video 30 pounds back, and I had to stop. I know, it wasn't Jillian's fault it was my own. It was so hard I would rather go to the gym and spend and hour there than do this. Well after I quit and lost the weight, I am ready to start it again because I need to get seriously toned up. Not bulky, but lean and lose fat. Hopefully Jillian can help me with this, I gave it a good review because it is so hard so it must work good. Please comment me if anyone has had great results for this dvd!
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|As with \\"Band of Brothers\\" I found this series difficult to get into - probably more so because the series immediately pitches into the vicious battle of Guadalcanal and there is little time to get acquainted with the characters. The third episode, set during a moment of respite in Australia, remedies this and from this point I found the series increasingly gripping.<br /><br />The fragmented, and sometimes pointless, nature of the Pacific campaign means that this series is perhaps even more character driven than \\"Band of Brothers\\" with its Normandy to Germany narrative arc. In some ways this makes it easier to relate to as it focuses principally on just three marines: Leckie, Basilone and Sledge. On the other hand the brutality of the Pacific fighting, the underlying racism of the conflict and the marines culture of taking no prisoners leavens our thinking about these people and poses back to the viewer the uncomfortable question of how we would behave if we had to courage to face similar circumstances.<br /><br />Consequently the series avoids jingoism and mock heroism. The combat sequences are terrifying rather than exciting and the overall tone is sorrowful rather than celebratory. It raises difficult issues and does not provide comforting answers.
B004D5H2M2|5.0|Bought this for my boyfriend....he LOVES it....super quick shipping!  Great deal and it had everything he was looking for on the cd's
B0063IH60K|5.0|I have this on my iPhone and now my Kindle Fire.  Love playing it on both.  Especially the winning hand. :)
B006JPS1OM|5.0|Love hidden object games and this one does not disappoint! I could easily play this all day and not get bored.
1576875776|5.0|Vivian Maier is an amazing street photographer. The sad part is, she never knew it! This book captures some of her best pictures.
0446547654|5.0|Not to disappoint, this Nicholas Sparks book is just as wonderfully written as all his other books.  I loved it.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|Love the new Kindle Fire. It does so much more and it is much better than the Nook! I had the Nook so I know. I like the feature that you may borrow books from other Kindle owners. It is easier to handle than the Nook and just offers so much more!
B004XGN8W4|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo12J57LPLR2WRM]]Short and quite lazy of a review on my part. I apologize for not turning it on and showing the screen but this video review was kind of an afterthought for me...anyways I hope it helps in some small way!  NOTE: A controller will fit in the pouch on the left in my video...I just didn't have it in at the time.  NO GAMES WILL FIT IN THE CASE!!!
0060873027|4.0|This really felt like a classic Crichton novel; a fascinating mystery, a thriller premise, and some good scientific research to add to the realism.  I would definitely say it was his best book since \\"Timeline\\".  I'm surprised this isn't getting higher reviews, I thought it was very good, aside from the two dimensional villain.
B004A8ZWVK|5.0|I watched this movie last night with my family, I haven't read the book yet but the movie definately makes me want to read it.  The movie was full of funny moments as well as deep and meaningful moments that realy made me think of how life was for African Americans.  Not only that but really it made me think about racism in general.  Beyond this I would also say that it's the kind of film that inspires you to stand for what is right.  Of course as I'm sure the book is probably even better as words can paint an even greater picture so my next step is to purchase the book.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|This game is so amazing. The games are addicting and interesting. I wish more games were as amazing as this one is.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|Received this yesterday, and it fits my needs perfectly!  I did not want anything to add additional weight, or bulk to the beautifully subtle design of the fire.  Very slim, futuristic, and durable.  Well built!
B0007PAMR4|5.0|Better than quest for fire and probably close in rating to conan, this movie rocks.  First saw this flic before stewart was on 1701 D. Bring your popcorn and soda.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I really enjoyed Spider Solitaire on my Kindle Fire as much as on my computer.  I definitely won't delete this one.  The ads don't bother me.  I actually enjoy the ads they are very interesting also.  I didn't see anything wrong with the ads.
B0063IH60K|4.0|what you would expect from a free solitaire game there are ads between the games and sometimes it is hard to get past then but overall a quality game
B004WGGQPQ|5.0|u can use for every drawing even if  you're beginner for painting like me. Also use as a good hand-writing notepad tool.
B0063GORYU|5.0|I love this app! it works perfectly with my kindle fire :) very very addicting and super easy to use.
0811874192|5.0|This book was a gift to me and I couldn't be happier.  It is beautiful.  When I show it to people they just \\"ahhhhhhhh\\" at each page.  A definitely needed book for a pop up collector.
B0054IOWTS|3.0|If you're considering watching this because its executive producer is James Cameron, you're probably hoping for an experience similar to The Abyss. (Pretty reasonable, and I don't think you'll be disappointed, so long as you remember it's not *directed* by James Cameron, so lower your expectations a notch.) However I found some scenes to be more violent and graphic than even Cameron's Aliens. This movie really earns its R rating, fair warning!   Besides that, the weird dialog, some editing and character issues, I was entertained throughout and have been left thinking about it days after. Recommended.
B0036IGJ1C|1.0|The books were listed in new condition, they had the name of the library stamped all over them in at least 6 places,covered with plastic and the dewey decimal system numbers on them.  I ordered 4 hardcover ,all the same title, and I received 3 hard cover and 1 paperback. I have ordered several times before and have always been happy with them,not so much this time.
B00197POXG|5.0|I remember watching this when I was younger with my grandmother. I have always liked it. So when I found out the complete series was on dvd I just had to have it. I love it.
1600597963|5.0|Just when one thinks there is nothing new to learn about bead embroidery, along comes this wonderful book with many different approaches to the medium.  Everything is presented in a most clear manner with detailed pictorials and a wonderful gallery of work.
B00004YRQA|5.0|Well not much I can say about this. It is what it is; a PS2 memory card. A must have for anyone with a PS2. But very glad to own it.
B005I6EU7U|5.0|Ordered this cover for my kindle fire, it fits nice and made of good quality. I like that it looks like a book so when I am at school its not noticble. A lot better than the covers that Office Maxs and .other retailers sell
B004LWZW4W|5.0|So my wife bought this for a Christmas gift for me, I have the entire \\"Ape Head\\" collection of movies-tv series and cartoons. I saw the original as a young man when it first came out at the Drive in - yes Im 51. My mom had seen the original with some friends and had to take me the next night. Anyway, my wife who likes sci-fi for some reason hates the original apes movies, she actually really like this one! I was told by some friends that the CGI apes were horrible and how I would hate it - etc- etc. I love it!! We were at my mother-in-laws and she loves the originals like me and enjoyed this one as well- So fan or Originals or Not- give it a chance and you may find a new loved it movie- My wife did.
B0063IH60K|5.0|its just like real solitaire its easy customizable and reallly fun. plus it has a 'winning deal' option it helps a lot.
B003AO1SVS|4.0|I like the CD. Enjoyed it. Only listened to it twice because I got bored. I want to hear their other music because I really like the songs chosen on the radio. This CD comes in the cardboard, not plastic case, and has a folder poster tucked inside. The packaging is cute.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Like everyone else, I'm tired of the left telling me I need to boycott Clarkson because of lies, spun by Democrats, about Ron Paul. You angry crazies always backfire your political smears of anyone you politically disagree with. I don't agree with Ron Paul's foreign policies at all. Heck, I'd never vote for him. But, like Kelly Clarkson, I am sick of the fraud and fleecing of America's finances by Obama and the Democrats. Nothing is real any more. American money has no value. We are in the hole for 3 future generations. Ron Paul has been telling us for a long time.  I went down to Target to buy \\"Stronger\\" after hearing a radio news break about the left protesting Kelly's support of Ron Paul. Guess what? It was sold out on the shelf. One of the late night stock crew went in back to find me one. The delivery truck showed up an hour previously. I got my copy and played it in my truck on the way home. The only song I remember from her career was \\"Break Away\\". I like that. This cd is good. Not as inspirational, but I enjoy the fast melody and her unique singing style. Some of her singing sounds like she is copying a lot of the black female singers dialects and linguistic caricatures. That might be the fault of her producers. I want the real voice of Kelly Clarkson on every song. I looked past that for an overall initial listening experience of a little over 4 stars. It could go up or down as I listen to it more.
B005AUWY2W|5.0|Amazon has the best price hands down.  Product was shipped very quickly.  If you haven't seen Cars 2 I highly recommend it for kids and adults!
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I held off buying this cover when it starting getting very low reviews. I am so glad I decided to try it for myself. I love this cover. It feels like it is part of the Fire itself. It protects the entire device when closed. It is so thin that it is not even noticeable when I am using my Fire. I also like how the felt underside of the lid, when folded back as I am using the device, gives me a good grip on the Fire.   The stand function works as well. You do have to carefully fold the cover and set it up correctly, but once in place it seems very sturdy.   All in all, I love the cover and I am glad I finally ordered it. This is a wonderful cover that protects the Fire without getting in the way.
B004SBS8LA|5.0|where is the last update? been waiting awhile for the last 15 stages. Love the game but updates need to come faster.
1451627289|4.0|It has been many years since I've read a Stephen King novel, and 11/22/63 was a very welcome return to his work.  During my teen years I read a lot of Stephen King, but at some point (and probably because he is such a good writer) his stuff creeped me out a little too much and my tastes moved on to mostly non-fiction.  So when I received the book as a birthday present, I was excited to return to a familiar author, especially when the story contained elements of a historical narrative.  I was not disappointed.  King retained the ability to get inside my head and fill it with thoughts that swerved between reality and fiction.  11/22/63 is entertaining on a variety of levels and I found it remarkably satisfying.  The story revolves around a cocktail party type question of what would happen if you could go back in history and rewrite parts of it through action.  In this case, the main character, Jake Epping, uses a bubble in the universe to go back to 1958 in an attempt to prevent the Kennedy assassination in 1963 and its after-effects on the world.  The book contains relatively little of King projecting his own thoughts into Lee Harvey Oswald's character, but he does project a fair amount of himself on the blurriness of memory, the uncertainty of history, and the ability of small human actions to create change.  The story has its share of great characters, thought-provoking dialogue, intriguing action and pursuit of love.    No matter what time we live in, and no matter what events are taking place in the world, the book seems to emphasize that personal feelings, growth and actions are the true ways to measure the human spirit.  In the words of the author, \\"Dancing is life.\\"
079072961X|5.0|Ordered this DVD for my son.  He loves it, especially the rather spectacular train crash at the beginning!  Received this order quite promptly, excellent service definitely recommend.
B004VRIX0W|1.0|Sorry, I do not like graphic novels.  Hope Gabaldon publishes this in regular book or kindle form.  I love her Outlander and Lord John book series but...no graphic books, please!
0393312836|5.0|I really liked this book although it was probably the most obscure writing that I have ever read.  It was very entertaining though and I would read it again without question.
B0055SWM08|5.0|Fun and relaxing! Music is calming.  I really like this game and would recommend it to others who like stress-free games
B002VPE1WK|4.0|I received this camera bag for Christmas.  I'm a beginning professional photographer.  I found my old camera bag (large ape case) held everything I needed but was inconvenient to get things out and too heavy for one shoulder.  This bag- being a backpack, distributes weight much more comfortably.  There is room for several lenses.  If you are packing a larger telephoto lens there isn't too much more room, but you can easily fit in a good size telephoto, a camera body, and maybe a couple smaller lenses into the bag.  I was under the impression that you could fit two DSLR bodies.  I can fit two into the bag, but with four small/medium lenses and two bodies it is a little snug.  I do like that it features straps for a tripod.  However, I have yet to try them out.
B004A8ZWVU|5.0|The Help was so true to what I had seen in Tyler Texas as a boy.  It was well told and true to the time.  The intrege of the story was what I would have expected and was great.  The filming, and screen play were excellant.  If one did not live during that time one might think it was not a true example of what was normal at the time.  Very easy reading and entertaining.
B0002U0UKS|5.0|I recently discovered this film by accident and found myself hynpnotized by the sheer power of the soundtrack.  It is haunting, heartbreaking and beautiful in ways that seem to affect every emotion. From breathtaking joy to the catch in your throat - it overwhelms and possesses you.    One of these days I'll have to watch the movie again. But for now, I am greatful  to have found this music.
B004HNTER6|1.0|I would like to return this DVD, Senna, No Fear, No Limits, No Equal.  It is for DVD players in Europe, not the USA.  There must be a way to let customers easily see which products are made for DVD players in their own country.  I missed that very important information.
1579128149|5.0|I bought two of these as gifts for my husband and a good friend.  I thought it would just be an occasional coffee table kind of book. Not so.   They both love it!  Apparently the photos are gorgous and the information is presented in an irreverant and enjoyable manner. My husband keeps his next to his recliner so that he can reference it from time-to-time.   Definitely a winner!
1419701533|5.0|MY DAUGHTER IS 9 YRS OLD. EVER SINCE SHE RECEIVED THEM ON CHRISTMAS SHE CANNOT PUT THEM DOWN. SHE PICKS UP A BOOK OVER HER MAKE A BEED BRACELET SET..AND FOR A FASHIONISTA LIKE HER, THAT'S A LOT! GREAT JOB! KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK.
B002ZG981E|5.0|I loved Inception when I saw it in the theater so when it came up as a Black Friday Lightening Deal, I jumped on it.  Overall, it is stunning in Hi-Def and I would recommend to this purchase to anyone who loved the movie.
1594744769|5.0|I devoured this book in one evening. It's a fresh take on the classic coming-of-age story. The ends on a bit of a cliffhanger, clearly setting the stage for a sequel.<br /><br />If you're looking for \\"the next Harry Potter,\\" this is it.
0545265355|5.0|I hadn't read a fiction work in quite some time and I must say, this series was very good. As soon as I completed one book, I HAD to move on to the next one. I am a 23 year old guy and I found it all very intriguing. Towards the middle of the 2nd book it started to become sappy. But, I was so engrossed in the story that it didn't matter. I can't wait for the movie to come out.
B006C1DH92|5.0|Having owned a Kindle Fire for only a couple days, and not having had a smart phone, this is my first experience with the infamous \\"app games.\\" Of course I tried Angry Birds, but I'll be honest--I thought it was kinda boring. I dislike the whole \\"move and then watch\\" aspect. Then I found this game--WOW!! It's super fast-paced, and it's very challenging.<br /><br />The gist of the game is that you slice fruit with finger swipes, but you have to avoid bombs. There are two different game styles you can play, and they're both fun.<br /><br />My only disappointment with the game is that there isn't more to it. Really, the game is all about getting better so you can best your previous scores, but there isn't a whole lot of \\"moving on to the next level.\\" That's one thing where Angry Birds has it beat...<br /><br />All in all--definitely a 5-star game!
B0057R5XRG|4.0|The movies were not remastered to bluray quality . Lost world was the better picture, the rest were spotty. It was a must have for my collection but kind of disappointed.
B003L77G8I|5.0|What can you say the series only gets better.This season was a tear jerker and a breath holder. A must for the Bones Fan.
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|I love this app but it does get kinda boring, but that's just my opinion. I know some people who never get tired of this app.
0545265355|5.0|This seems to be a very popular read for people in their 20's, as I received three Christmas gift requests for this particular series of books from my adult kids.  I also found Amazon to have the best price on this set of books, as well as the quickest delivery.
B005HSL626|4.0|cant stop playing it love it.  play it all day long. its so amazing. who ever thought of this game is a genius.
B0063IH60K|4.0|my husband finds it funny that I have access to all kinds of apps and yet still play solitaire. the game play is fun and the movement of the cards make it easy to play
B000001GQ1|5.0|First of all, I do not play the piano, and therefore cannot offer insider's technical insights. But I know what I've listened to. Concerning the artist: he is in love with the piano. He is communicating with it when he plays it, and you feel like eavesdropping when you listen to this recording. Seems like this guy will play things the same personal way no matter who is (or not) watching or listening.   His interpretations are therefore very much reflective in that it does not have a flair. But it does have passion, a self-absorbed one. It has fire, but generated purely by inner feelings. It has sensitivity and subtleties. In summary: he makes the music meaningful. As for tonal qualities, it is actually less crystalline than I would usually prefer (such as the ones achieved by those who went through Russian/Soviet training, e.g. Rachmaninoff or Kissin). Yet I have no problem with Kempff's tone simply because it speaks, sensibly. I do not get bored as I often do with piano music.   If you were expecting a fiery reading, an \\"extroverted\\" reading, this is perhaps not for you. I listen to piano solos when I want to quiet down and become more reflective, and Kempff's Beethoven is perfect for that. I don't listen to it to become excited (for that I turn to Beethoven's orchestral music). I had previously ordered Rubinstein's Beethoven, but will now only listen to Kempff's. If I were more into piano music, I'd be a fan by now.  Also - If you enjoy Kempff's approach and it makes sense to you, and if you love the piano, you'd definitely want the whole set, and not just 4 sonatas. In fact, I myself am tempted to get more of his recordings, though I am by no means a piano fanatic.  I am sorry that I am unable to offer more insights on the individual sonatas. Again, I am not a piano fanatic. I just love Beethoven and the way Kempff presents his piano pieces.
B0019NG73G|2.0|Very sorry to report a problem with the print on my new Book Cover Extended Director's Cut disc.  The picture is too dark. In some of the sunrise and sunset scenes, you can't even see the color of the uniforms, or one side of their faces, just a black shadow.  I played my DVD copy of Gettysburg for comparison to make sure, but there is no doubt this disc is much too dark, especially the part just before Pickett's charge and through to the end.  It's a shame, because even though the extension only amounts to less than 20 minutes of new material, every bit of added scene and dialogue is a gem.  More character development of Iron Brigade commander Reynolds with Buford, and of Robert E. Lee, wherein Lee is more thoughtful and intelligent than in the other scenes where Sheen portrays him as some kind of hippie general who took one too many bad trips in his youth. That always bothered me about the original, but I can tolerate Sheen's performance a little better now.  Alot of the new scenes fill in spaces and serve to tie up loose ends and help the story flow better. It makes for a much better movie.  This is opposed to the extra scenes in the extended version of Gods and Generals, which are nice, and I like my epics long, but they really don't add much to the film.  I'm posting this primarily to see if anyone else experienced the same problem, but it seems doubtful that I got the only bad copy.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Great CD, Kelly Clarkson is very talented. Definitely a solid purchase. I would highly recommend it to any one thinking about buying it.
1451627289|5.0|I have to thank Stephen King for a wonderful weekend.  It's been a long time since I enjoyed a book so much.  I think I would have been even happier had he added another few hundred pages and flushed out the apocalyptic end-times scenario.  The ending was gripping, but all too brief and a little difficult to fathom. (Like, how exactly were natural disasters brought about by the interference of the main character in 1963?)  The best time travel book I've ever read.  In the Afterword, King recommends Jack Finney's Time and Again, which he says is the best time travel book he's ever read.  Sadly, it seems that the book is out of print.  I'm hoping some kind publisher makes the book available on Kindle.
B0049P1ZZQ|5.0|The walking dead series is very good and this has all the first season and then some.  The blu-ray does what it is supposed to - it works.
0439023483|1.0|The Hunger Games by Suzanne Collins is a series of books that are being given almost the same acclamation as the Harry Potter series. The first movie is due out in March. I've read that some schools are asininely including them in their curriculum and that some young girls are left with nightmares after having read them.  Due to the popularity of these books, I would like to issue a warning to parents. Please read the entire series before allowing your children to read them. I feel the books could be psychologically damaging to young, impressionable minds. Please read them in a critical manner.  The following are my own thoughts on the series and then I included another review:  I finished reading the series last night as I had received them as a gift.  The books were riveting, charged, highly emotional,  but having said that... I have real reservations about the series.  The series is about the extremely sadistic torture of young teenagers. The further along in the series...the more twisted and perverse the story line becomes. But, because of the way it is all presented, you tend to forget that these are children and not adults who must survive these gruesome, hellish games.  The sarcastic glory with which the Hunger Games are treated by those in power adds an utterly depraved dimension to the plot.  For those who are unfortunately familiar with the Saw movies, the books are more insidious.  Besides the almost continuous and multiple ways the author finds to torture and kill off her characters, the under-age main character must stand naked while a man examines every inch of her in deciding how she is to be dressed,  is handed suicide pills, watches a close friend beheaded, sees her sister go up in flames and learns that the former victors were sold as prostitutes.  Children are forced to kill each other. This is a series for young pre-teens and young teens? What happened to half-way wholesome books for our young ones? Let's throw-out the misleading `young adult'label these books are given. Children are not `young adults' until they are 18 years old. They should not be considered adults until they are 21 as it always was, but political reasons forbid this.  You have to wonder about a mind that conjures up these images and this type of theme.  By the end of the series the main characters are left so completely broken in body, mind and spirit that there is no victorious rejoicing. While  the feat of eliminating the Hunger Games forever is accomplished, there is very little else to celebrate. This is entertainment for children?  Books which are completely absorbing as are these, leave a deep-seated impression that cannot be easily shaken. There is a subtle subconscious psychological impact. In a way, similar to movies and television, the story is such that it almost desensitizes a person to the subject of the torture of children and I feel that is a very dangerous thing. Only someone who has read the entire series will understand what I am saying, here. I would be very interested in knowing what a panel of psychologists would say about the effects of this series on young minds.  Whether intentionally or not, to my mind, the series glorifies the torture of children. The movies will do so at a deeper level.  I almost have to wonder why the books were written.  Supposedly, it was to show the effects of war on children according to one review.  But, in reality, these books aren't about a realistic war, which is bad enough. In reality, there is no-one, no-one who could survive what the author puts the main character through in the games.  The series seems to be the product of a twisted mind who has thought up every way imaginable to torture innocent children and present the torture as a story to the world.  These books are not the way we want our children's imaginations to be stirred. Those who will rush to see the movies, which has a big-star line-up, think about what you will be endorsing. Make no mistake, the entire series is about the unmitigated torture of children in as many imaginable forms possible.  If we consider these future Hunger Games movies entertainment, then what is that saying about us?  Because of the level of violence, sadism and the torture and sacrifice of children, I don't plan on seeing the movie. And, let's hope the crazies out there don't see them, either.    I know that everyone is raving about this series....but when people regard a series of books whose entire content is about the extreme, bloody torture of children in every form imaginable, their having to kill each other or be killed ....these are children's books? Come on. Shame on Scholastic for publishing them. These have to be the most violent children's books on the planet. They are sadistic in the extreme.  [[ASIN:0545265355 The Hunger Games Trilogy Boxed Set]]
B0054JZC6E|4.0|goodcggcggffggcgvccxvg ghhgggfvvvc hgghhcvcxc hvffcvv hgffc. vvcv. vchv. gcgbv vgbccvv. vfh cfhvc.  xcvi.  cfgvcvb vgbb.  xgbb. cgbc. Cybele. cgb. cub. chbc
B001AQR3JY|5.0|Product was received very promptly and in great condition.  I would recommend ordering from here and will certainly do so myself in the future.
B0063IH60K|4.0|No matter what type of deal you choose, it seems like the cards always. seem to fit.  It's almost annoying.
B0013ND30M|5.0|Great service, was shipped and received within a week!  I will definitely order from her again and recommend Amazon for your orders!
B0052U59F4|5.0|Loved the hero and heroine equally.  I actually care about them.  That is very rare in erotica novels.  And the BDSM scenes were described tastefull (also another rarity).  My only complaint is the book was clearly not written by an American.  Because of it, the dialogue felt odd at times.  But I got over it pretty quickly.
B00005JM02|5.0|The product was shipped and received withing a week of ordering.  It was in great condition.  I will definitely order from Amazon again in the future.
B0063IH60K|5.0|love playing this app. never have issues or problems. Would definitely recommend to others who enjoy playing solitaire. lots of adds but easy to get around
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Very handy and covenient.  Love, love, love the reading plans it offers.  Very easy to use on the phone or PC.
B005ZUR724|1.0|it will ask for an update that isn't availible yet. so you cant even log in. save your cash until its fixed. its a good game when it works.
B004U52VPS|3.0|ok, its a cute game and the sling shot is fun, but the more advanced layouts to knock down were hard or somewhat impossible for me to set up. The pieces are very hard to balance like in the picture. Disaster to play at any level on the carpet. My son loves flinging the birds and building his own little set up but to play the game as intended, well it leaves alot of frustration and alot to be desired.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|The new Blu Ray version is better than seeing the original flicks at the theater.  The color and detail are amazing! You'll feel like you're on the set with the characters.
B001UV4XI8|4.0|Great movie, as they all were. Really enjoyed the series, but defintely preferred the books over the movies! Good overall though!
B005I6EVUG|5.0|This is a cute cover anyone would love to have. The scripture on the red is interesting in a great way.
B004EBUXSA|5.0|Love it. I have built AMD system before, but this Intel CPU blows AMD away.  Running overclocking 4.8GHz and very stable.  Great for overclocking. Buy it.
B004VQRCF0|3.0|If you're a Yes fan as I am you will enjoy this concert. But it still wasn't as good as I had hoped it would be.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app is fun and addictive. and very entertaining. down load this.app and you wing be dissapointed. you will enjoy. I. hope.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I almost thought that this was too good to be a simple paid app, I was right. Either way, this is how all apps should be made.
B001IF5YLQ|5.0|I purchased one of these (used) for my 2011 MBP 13\\". Received it and to be honest, I couldn't even tell that it had been used (can't beat that, considering I paid 1/3 the cost of a brand new one for one that was used).<br /><br />It does what it says it'll do, and that's give you a DVI-D port on your MBP (and your MacBook Air and Mac Mini).<br /><br />Couple of notes here (for those who don't know):<br /><br />1) This works with the Mini DisplayPort on the Mac. That's what Mac has used since the change from Mini DVI, until the recent iteration of Macs with the new Thunderbolt port. But guess what? The Mini DisplayPort adapters also work with the new Thunderbolt port, so if you have that, you'll still use this adapter.<br /><br />2) This gives you a DVI-D port. It's NOT a DVI-I or DVI-A. What does this mean for you? It means that it's a true digital signal that CANNOT be changed from DVI to VGA via cheap adapter. It also means that your monitor has to support a full fledged digital signal, and you'll probably need to purchased a DVI-D cable to go along with it, as most digital monitors ship with a DVI-I/A cable instead of a DVI-D cable (yes, they ARE different). If you want to know which cable you have, look at the connector - you'll see a bunch of small pins and one wider pin on one side of the connector. If there are two pins above and two pins below that wider pin, you have a DVI-I/A cable. If there are no pins above and below that wider pin, you have a DVI-D cable.<br /><br />If you need it, buy a used one! No need to pay more for the same thing!
B0039ZF89G|5.0|every thing about this album is truly the thing of dreams. every thing that went into making it is the type of thing that make up great movies.   the drugs, the settings, the images, the unbridled busyness of the sounds, the levels of the recorded parts in the music so legendarily perfect, an album like Exile happens only once or twice a lifetime, if you're lucky.  it's a band \\"being all they can be\\", on and off the mic. who knows how vivid and unforgettable it was to be the Stones during this time? to be having the worst yet most blissful experience a music lover could imagine?  this box set comes as close to recreating those sessions as you will ever find. for such a magical, rare album, this is an artifact that almost lives up to that magic, as much as such a thing could.  the box is heavy, the photo book so BLOODY COOL, the postcards so killer, the vinyl blistering with loudness and mid-range punch. I've got an old copy of Exile and this box set is the museum edition of the old copy's worn out coolness.  this album is great on any format, but you must hear it on vinyl to get a feel for the larger-than-life brilliance of this document.  so, so cool. looks like a million bucks on a record shelf, too  the Stones mean a lot to me, they represent the coolest and most wasted effortlessness a band can achieve. they lived the dream so well that we can get a feel for it too just by watching and listening to their dumb and epic misadventures.  sincerely,   the boyfriend who go this as a Christmas present from my girlfriend.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Easy to play, fast action.  I like it, try it for yourself.  you can not beat the price either.  Good game to spend your time on.@
B006A819AG|5.0|I picked this album up for Christmas I love the roots been following them since the 90's I grew up and still live around Philadelphia anyways to the review .......  This to me outside of the usual roots music of hardcore flow \\"undun\\" is more to me a storybook album which more a mellow flow album anyways don't even get to thinking that the lyrical geniuses didn't put together a beautiful flow they did! I love the album start to finish my only problem is the album is short(around 40minutes) it leaves me wanting me but that's ok throw it on again thenkeep it going enjoy another roots masterpiece!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Just added Kelly Clarkson to my favorite musical artists of 2011, along with Aimee Allen and Jordan Page. They fear not and will stand up for liberty. Just purchased 3 \\"Stronger\\" CDs as New Year gifts for family. More to come.   Ron Paul 2012  Vote for Peace!
B000SJJCX4|1.0|This was a complete waste of time and money.  I had a Dean Markley PT-13 with was great, but I burned it by using an AC adapter rather than the DC adapter, and thought I could replace it with the TU300.    First the blue battery light on the TU300 is so bright that it is hard to see anything else in a low light situation.  This is supposed to be a foot pedal, but you have to fiddle with the buttons with your fingers to get the right setting to use it.  Then it turns off in a couple of seconds before your done tuning.  In place of notes (A to G) it wants to give numbers.  Who's idea was that???  Maybe some people need European concert tuning.  I'm not among them.  I want A to be 440 hz.  The battery does not last long.  Instead of having a door on the compartment - it has spring loaded plastic hinges on the pedal with have to be depressed to remove the pedal to replace the battery.  Another dumb idea.  This thing may be highly engineered, but apparently not by anyone who expected to use it.  It does a bunch of different stuff, but none of it well.    With the Markley pedal, I could use it to practice violin to make sure my fingering was in tune and correct. This allowed me to quickly learn fingering and play in tune. The Behringer is useless for this as it turns itself off after a couple of seconds.  I just bought a new Dean Markley pedal so that I can use it to learn correct fingering on cello.  I have to admit I didn't learn every thing that this thing can do - I only tried to use it a couple of times in the 6 months I've had it.  I only have it now because I don't want to through $30 into the trash - so its sits unused in a corner.  I thought about selling it on Craig' list - but I can't cheat a stranger out of their money and time.  I certainly wouldn't give it to a friend.
B004SDSSFY|5.0|I am a freelance writer and with this app I am not tied down to my computer.  I can write anywhere and sync with my computer files.
B0050QV0RQ|5.0|Great game and battle system. Seldom I get some slowdown but its when things are running in back ground. One complaint is getting in and out of the airship is a pain sometimes especially when it is parked next to a city. Got it free from amazon and put 35 hours into it so far. I will be purchasing another game from the makers.
B005D63RQK|5.0|If you aren't watching \\"Breaking Bad,\\" then you aren't watching one of the best US TV series in years. It's up there with The Sopranos, The Wire, NYPD Blue, Homicide: Life on the Streets, and a ton of comedy hits, because \\"Breaking Bad\\" can be hilariously funny as well as frightening, surprising, tense and occasionally a little horrific. It's a roller coaster ride that you should want to be on. The acting is superb, the cinematography is fantastic and I love that it is situated in a part of the country other than NY or LA (or Toronto, filling in as a US city) and that it looks it. Outdoor scenes are filmed in and around Albuquerque, NM. (I live in the Hamptons and \\"Royal Pains,\\" a TV show supposedly set in my area, looks nothing like the Hamptons and contains maybe 6 seconds of actual Hamptons footage. \\"Breaking Bad,\\" on the other hand, looks like New Mexico).  Try this show. Watch the first episode and you will be hooked.
B000000HRP|5.0|Wow... I hadn't heard this album in a long time (I had it on Vinyl when it was first released) and listening to it still blows my mind as to just how great this Group was! I had the first 4 albums, but this initial release is still the one that holds so many memories and cool music... What can I say that others haven't already said except \\"Buy this! You WILL love it!\\"
B004LWZW4C|5.0|This model of reverse telling where characters come from is a proven tool. Now it make understant the why of some of the issues.
0756686970|5.0|Great book, organized, fun to look at.  My six year old is loving the pictures and descriptions of each character!!  The Lego figure is am added bonus!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|Its a pretty good game if you want ur kids playing it ...it has a collection &amp; wide variety 117 to be exact so you cant really get bored
B003UMW68Y|5.0|My son has wanted this movie for so long, it came in perfect condition and includes the dvd and blue ray. Nice cover that movie slides out of and looks more collectible.
1577314808|2.0|I was very excited about getting this book and reading it. I am half way through it and I see nothing that enlightenening about it? He takes excerpts from the bible and intertwines them with his thoughts/opinions. Also, he is very repetitive and contractictsa lot. Do not recommend...much better books out there by far.
0810989956|5.0|Our 9 year old grandson called on Christmas Day to thank us for this book.  According to his Mom, he is really enjoying it.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Thank you for speaking your mind and making some good music.  Your living the life but as an American you have the responsibility to use your good fortune to help spread the cause of liberty and freedom for all of America and world :) Thank you again! Ron Paul 2012
B005YDLJ76|5.0|Beyonce reminds us why she's the hardest working woman in the game! Let's not forget she was pregnant while she was performing.
B005VPSEK2|5.0|I'm a political independent but I saw the flak she got for voicing her political opinion, so I decided to support her with my purchase. Anyone who thinks someone should keep their ideas to themselves simply because they do not agree with them, is the problem with political dialogue today. People need to be willing and able to express themselves politically; Kelly Clarkson is an example of what is great about America. Young people getting involved politically need to be able to express their opinions left, right, or center. Excellent album and an even greater performer, thanks again and keep up the good work!!!
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|100% pleased - it is exciting and of high quality.  The service from Amazon was first class.  My only dissapointment is that this is the final season of 24.
B001GWK2MC|1.0|This was purchased as a Christmas present for my 3 year old nephew. My sister attempted to inflate it three different times before she discovered a tear in the product making it unable to inflate.
B005ILYWN2|5.0|If you don't like reading subtitles, then forget about this one... it's in Norwegian.<br /><br />I didn't mind them and this film is awesome... I know it's the subject of an upcoming remake (2014?) but I don't see how they could improve on this one.<br /><br />If anything, seeing well-known actors will just take you out of the story and make it that much easier to suspend disbelief.<br /><br />The effects are well done... the story is very decent, always providing you buy into the myth of these creatures and have a sense of fun at our heroes coming to terms with folklore being \\"real\\"...<br /><br />The \\"found footage\\" angle is by now a well-trodden path (Blair Witch, Paranormal Activity etc) but I enjoyed this movie.
0307279189|5.0|Most motivational and entertaining book I've read in a long long time! Couldn't pick it up for ten minutes without wanting to put it down and go for a run!
B006G2ZEV6|3.0|I tapped every menu item and icon I saw but couldn't exit the game.  Couldn't find it listed as a running app under settings.  Finally had to turn off the Kindle Fire to get out of the game.  Uninstalled asap.  Did I miss the Exit option or isn't there one?
B005ZUR724|1.0|If game was worth buying it wouldn't have only 2 stars.  coolest game in the world isn't cool if you cant play it. Really drooped the ball CC :(
0316044938|1.0|This book had so much promise, and even started out well.  But it quickly deteriorated into a long, drawn out ... often confusing ... ping-ponging view of the life lost to rape and murder.  It was just not worth the read, and I only hung on to the bitter end with a hope that it would eventually pick up and live up to the terribly incredible start.  But it was not to be.  With so little time, and so many great books to read ... dont waste your time on this one.
B006AZZPCM|4.0|this app is very cool.  it makes downloading videos a breeze.  the only downside is downloading a video as a mp3 does not actually convert the video to an mp3 but rather just saves it as an mp3 thus making some songs very large in memory.
B0063IH60K|5.0|this game is so fun I love it I play it every day 24 hours a day this game rocks I give it five stars
B005QPMB2Y|5.0|I've used this app (first the Lite/Free, then I paid for it) for a long time.  I use it for a Foscam IP Camera that I check CONSTANTLY!  Works perfectly.
B005HSL626|4.0|I didn't think it be this entertaining.  I truly enjoyed playing this game. I would recommend this game to any person
B004EBZX6W|5.0|Works well to analyze signal strength. Good graphics.  Downloads quickly. only used it a few times, but seems to be a good app to use.
B0050SYS5A|1.0|While this product theoretically works as advertised, in reality it's useless for any practical purpose. The biggest problem is that the lens and surrounding plastic obscure a portion of the Kinect's field of view, so it can be hard to fit yourself into frame - let alone fit two players into frame as advertised on the packaging. Worse is that somehow the lens actually reduces the quality of the picture received by the Kinect camera so it has a harder time tracking hands, recognizing faces, and locating the floor.  I bought the Zoom since while the Kinect worked fine in my room, the available space was just a tiny bit too small to be able to comfortably play multiplayer games. With the Zoom attached I can't play games or use the Kinect Hub at all.
B006N0YWGY|1.0|All Controls DO NOT on the Kindle Fire, touch function setting does not work on the Fire, no speed control setting. Unless you are at an EXPERT level at this type game do not buy this game for you are wasting your money. The graphics looked good for what you can see since your speed is for experts only.
B004LWZW4W|4.0|When I went to see the movie at the theatre I had my doubts, 1.The bad remake done by Tim Burton of the original Planet of the Apes movie and 2.It opened in August usually saved for movies just not quite good enough to go head to head with the blockbusters opening earlier in the summer. But I was suprised, this was a very good movie, a lot of homages to the original Planet of the Apes movie, I noticed on the Blu Ray extras I didn't catch them all. There was one glaring plot hole at least for me that stood out (I won't say due to maybe a spoiler), but overlooking that I would recommend seeing this. If they make sequels at the same quality will look forward to them.
B0028RXXE8|5.0|Instead of going into explicit detail about the particulars of this series and plot, as I'm sure you have already read quite a number of these already, I will merely say that this series raised the bar of BOTH television and film forever.    This is not Gladiator (or Sparacus [thank goodness!]). There is plenty of action, but the real brillance of this series is the capture of conflict through mostly 'the mind and tongue.' (Again, don't get me wrong - there is plenty of action.)    The actors are superb; however, I infer this praise not only to the leading character actors on this series, but even to the very many side-characters who have limited moments on the series. Each one is excellent.     In my opinion, the casting excellence can only be compared to the likes of the Godfather I & II.   So much so that it is even worth taking a moment to reflect and stress in this review how the appreciation that such amazing actors came together and graced the same screen at the same time and truly did justice to the persona of the ancient Romans.    The show is highly 're-watchable.' I've watched this series probably 5 times since it first aired, and I am still finding new little things that I haven't noticed during prior viewings. The more you watch, the more certain characters - some who you even may not have appreciated or liked before - grow on you. Also, the more you learn about the history of that time, the more you fall for this series.    Additionally, it should be said that Rome is highly watchable for those who are NOT historically minded, nor have any background in Roman history. You will absolutely be able to follow this show and enjoy it effortlessly.    After watching this series I have read numerous works on ancient Roman history - [start with Adrian Goldsworthy's [[ASIN:0300126891 Caesar: Life of a Colossus]]].  Now when I watch the show, I am incredibly thrilled that this period of history is so well-depicted in character, set, and details - to a surprisingdegree as most may and/or would go unoticed - all for the sake of authenticity to the period.     Of course, due to time constraints and costs, there are few historical or factual liberties taken; however, I promise that in the scheme of things these are relatively very minor. The overall accuracy of the people, culture, world, and city at this time is as accurate as it could ever be.    Unfortunately, the show was canceled due to the costs; and any hope of other seasons were shattered when the expensive set burned down.  [...]    The set(s) is/are quite pricey; however, this investment is worth it for three reasons: (1) The series is excellent; (2) highly (if not infinitely) rewatchable; and (3), HBO, as always, makes their box sets with a high-level of quality.    As others have said, \\"this may never be equaled.\\" I agree. I could not give a higher recommendation.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|the games can be really fun but when you have to makke the point requirements they can get alittle boring and some of the controls are kind of hard but tat just be me because. I'm so new to touch screens
B005IZLPKQ|5.0|I thought this was a very AWESOME movie with some really good acting and some great special effects...The story was very easy to follow and I cant wait for the next installment!
B000001EQT|5.0|Mark Bolan is great and back then was such new music.  I was amazed at still knowing most of the words to most of ths songs.
B005RUV714|4.0|This show has great graphics for the zombies. I am addicted to zombie movies and shows so have seen tons that are horrible. However, I feel that the conversations this seasons is less realistic and if this was really going on would not be so polite. The first seasons talking parts didn't seem as bad. Honestly, if I was with a group and a man that just woke up to find out it was the end of the world started leading and kept bring us to dead ends I would so peace out. I really don't understand as well why no one has ever seen a zombie movie before. If more common knowledge was in there, the talking parts would be more tolerable. But still one of the better zombie flick out there and will be buy the next episodes as they come out.
B005NS0VNU|5.0|driving along and heard they were not going to be a group anymore.  I had not bought anything of theres up to this point.  great set of music and new stuff to boot!
B004ZZS4CC|5.0|This one goes on my list of all time favorite books and people.  I loved the way the book was written with her reflection on the chapter.  It was very difficult to read at times but I knew it would be - this isn't always a pretty subject.  Her ability to rise above it all and be such an inspiration to her family and the world is amazing.  How someone like HIM was able to slip through the cracks of justice is horrific.  Wish I could rate this higher than 5 stars!
B004ZNB12O|5.0|it was nice to hear the oldie tunes on cd.  All i have is the orignal albums. brought back interesting memories
B005SS2QXS|5.0|Fits the iPhone 4s perfectly. I prefer this to the otterbox impact. In fact, I ordered another one of these for family member.
B004SBQGHS|5.0|I love it. I can't stop playing. I haven't had any problems so far. It works great on my kindle fire.
B0058RCVYS|5.0|Beautifully made film with excellent acting. The film moves at a brisk pace without a single wasted scene. The denouement is both heart-wrenching and redemptive. Highly recommended.
B000RZIGVS|4.0|I love the item thank you. But when it was revived the plastic was craked and disc were lose and shifting . Thank you for the item though
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I wouldn't normally be into this genre but the artist has an amazing voice.  Thanks for using it to endorse Liberty Ms. Clarkson.  Ron Paul 2012
B0055SWM08|5.0|Great game it keeps your mind active and presents a challenge with each new puzzle.  Great game it keeps your mind active and presents a new challenge with each and every new puzzle.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Kelly Clarkson hasn't let hollywood go to her head. She is still an independent thinking, intelligent, thoughtful person and that's more than 90% of people. With her amazing voice, she has impacted so many of us.  I am thankful she chooses the TRUTH over what is \\"popular\\" and she is a role model for for us all. Showing us what truth, determination, and believing in yourself can accomplish!  Don't change! We are behind you 110%!  Ron Paul 2012!
B004ZISVWC|5.0|I watched this after having it recommended by Netflix since my first choice, Rare Exports; a Christmas Tale was unavailable. Wow, what a treat. I watched it with my kids, 10 and 15. Both enjoyed it so much that they each want to make their own movies. I think this is one step above Blair Witch. It would be nice if there were other movies like this, regretfully it looks like Hollywood drivel is what we'll be served until these once in 10 year gems come rolling along.
B004EPYZXK|1.0|another stupid movie done with a camcorder. WHY? ANd the stupid aliean, tiny little rock crabs, you see only two times for about 30 seconds each... I am so glad I only had to pay 3.99 on pay per view to see this stupid movie. just as bad as district 9, and that had potential to be good, if the whole thing wasnt done with a camcorder. I wish they had negative stars, then it would be a -5 for sure. hey you have been warned.......
B005HSG3VK|5.0|This was a gift for my eleven year old neice.She loved the pink color and the fact that it was so lightweight.We could not get the cover to stand up until we put her Kindle Fire in it. Then it worked perfect.She and I both were completely satisfied with this cover.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Rarely do I find music these days that makes me want to plunk down my hard earned cash so that I can have it around. Well I bought this album and you should too! Bound to become a classic. Production, execution, and material are all top notch. Destined to be #1.
B005K17RU0|1.0|This app will not install on my Droid X. It sits in the queue waiting to download. Installed it on my Fire, and when it opens ... there is nothing. Asks for my zip code, then there is just a blank screen.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I really enjoy the multiple versions available.  Great reading plans.  The audio narrations make it easier to read, while also reviewing the extra notes.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I have always been a fan of Kelly's music and her talent. I am an even BIGGER fan now that I know she sticks to her principles and isn't afraid to voice her political opinions. Icing on the cake: she supports Ron Paul. Track #2 \\"Stronger (What Doesn't Kill You)\\" should be our anthem in this revolution! All of the so-called \\"fans\\" that are giving Kelly hell for her political beliefs are 1) not true fans and 2) not educated in the matter of Ron Paul.   I am so happy to have purchased 2 Stronger albums to give my message to Kelly that she is not alone in her support for Ron Paul and that the fight for liberty and freedom must go on!
B005JLN9Z8|5.0|Not gona bore everyone with the same review...but some might not know that guitar god NUNO BETTENCOURT of Extreme plays on \\"It Wont Suck Itself\\"...and has a killer solo.
B000ETQR3Q|1.0|NB - I did not buy the toy from Amazon; Amazon are amazing and this is absolutely no discredit to them.  I'm writing this on 30 December; my son has been using his Longshot CS-6 for 5 days. Firstly, it was impossible to put together properly because the stock on the front will not attach properly - it's supposed to slide all the way back but won't, so the trigger on that bit won't work at all. Consequently he never actually used the front part of the gun. It's a waste. And worse - after only 5 days of use, the main gun won't fire even twice in a row without jamming. I have a boy in tears.. it was the thing he really wanted for Christmas. It's an over-expensive, useless piece of plastic waste. There's slight educational value because I'm told it has some similar parts to a real sniper rifle, if you really want to teach your kids about that stuff! But seriously, buy a Maverick instead :)
085786078X|5.0|I ordered a new book, Simon's Cat in Kitten Chaos, for my daughter for Christmas. It arrived in time and in great condition (no shipping problems).
B00000ILDF|5.0|Bought the Alien 3 Collector's Edition on dvd and blu ray.Must suggest that both formats are excellent.However the dvd has THX certification and blu ray has not.The audio is affected slightly on dvd,but THX really improves sound and atmosphere.Blu Ray adresses sound problem but lacks THX.Though maybe Spanish or European have marked on Blu Ray that THX is present like first two films.Though not available in England.<br />Alien 3 ,directed by David Fincher was never allowed creative control and was constantly undermined by Jon Landau,one of the heads at Fox Studios.<br />The theatrical cut was only a glimpse of Fincher's vision,which I believe was ahead of its time.The assemby cut reinstalled at least thirty minutes needed to give the viewer and the studios their money's worth.<br />Fincher was expected to make a follow up film closely mirroring Jim Cameron's vision ie.plenty of action from aliens,but Fincher payed homage to Ridley Scott's version, one alien and a host of victims.Ridley made a film with atmosphere,visuals,miniatures,production sets and Giger's alien.<br />Jim Cameron raped and pillaged Alien,to make Aliens.Using everything that Shusett,Ridley,O' Bannon,Giger,and Ron Cobb created.<br />David Fincher started with nothing except dog Alien,character actors similar to prison series Oz,and had great technicians in their fields,Norman Reynolds,Alex Thompson and Cronenweth,Terry Rawlings,Goldenthal's soundtrack and Richard Edlund.<br />Had this movie followed Ridley or Fincher had made Seven then Alien 3,people would have appreciated the film more and had performed well at the box office.Nonetheless,nearly twenty years on,dvd and Blu Ray have regenerated interest and understanding amongst fans when forced to suffer AVP and its sequel.<br />This was.the film,made in a transition in technology,miniatures and production sets giving way to CGI.However I believe that tangible objects and skilled craftsman overcome and superior to CGI except Star Wars prequels withSpaceships,cities and wars fought in space.WETA and ILM and Digital Domain are leaders in CGI.<br />Alien 3 had great American and British actors,fine story by Vincent Ward and Brandywine partners Giler,Hill and Carroll.The deaths of Hicks and Newt were necessary for Ripley to finish her story with fighting xenomorphs and in finalising her life marred by ever following orders by Weyland Yutani.<br />The 2 disc set dvd or Alien 3 Blu ray,shows what Fincher and Crew went through to deliver this movie.All the technicians stated above were allowed to account what they endured.<br />I just wish Fincher would explain through commentary what he would like included and give the fans his real feelings on the subject.The assembly cut is not a Director's Cut,dammit,but Assembly cut with addition of at least thirty minutes is at least the equal to Cameron's Aliens.
0545259088|4.0|The book was very well written. It had a lot of detail. Cole became one of my favorite characters in this book. I liked how he seemed to keep everything together in harsh situations. He was the brains of the group. The only downside to this story was that I didn't get to see Isabel and Cole get close like I wanted them too. I also didn't like how the book just ends. I want to know more of what happens to Grace and Sam, Isabel and Cole. There should be a 4th book written about their lives say, 10 years later.
B000H6SXMY|5.0|I bought this as a Christmas present for my wife who loves the show. I was concerned about all the reviews about the poor factory packaging of the product. I really was worried as my wife shook it, \\"whats this\\" But she opened it to find everything in packaged well. no DVDs flying around loose, no scratched disks, no problems what so ever. My wife loves that its all in one box for ease of access, and I feel that it was well worth the amount I paid.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its fun ain't it it is also kind of fun too it give you points for different types of things
B001EOQWEO|5.0|I ordered this for my boyfriend for Christmas because he thinks it's a masterpiece and I had never seen it before. It's a very cute movie, definitely fun for the whole family. It arrived fairly quickly but I believe the packaging could have been better because the case got smashed during shipping.
B004QX07G4|5.0|This is a simple quick read that will have you laughing out loud by page two. It is a book that will make you feel good without having to think very hard.
0061784788|5.0|This is another great Rollins. I see there are loads of reviews but have to have my say - it is another great thriller. action packed, a great storyline and keeps you going until the end. This is what books are all about. Keep them coming Mr Rollins, we need you and more authors like you to take us along for the ride.[[ASIN:0061784788 The Devil Colony: A Sigma Force Novel]]
B005AUWXZ0|1.0|blu-ray disc would not load in my samsung home theater system ht-bd 1250, took it back to wal-mart and got a new one and had the same problem , tried it on my sony blu-ray bdpbx57 and it worked. the movie was ok at best, the story line was bad.
0060873027|1.0|I am sorry that Michael Crichton was not here to salvage this book from the depths to which it has sunk. Every chapter is written as if the reader had a mental age of about 10 and thats generous. We ahve all read the plot before starting with the lost world and micro men comics. Its been done to death and this is no new concept or idea. Tiny people battling mammoth insects - come on - Read it just to prove me wrong, please!!!! Mr Crichton was a pioneer of his age - the andromeda strain took the world by storm in its day as did jurassic park later. Pirate Latidtudes was great but this......its just old hat cobbled together no real characters and those good ones were killed off early in the first chapters. No I am sorry, this was a mistake of the first order. [[ASIN:0060873027 Micro: A Novel]]
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I loved this book and the whole series. I can't wait for the movies and hope they do the books justice.
0553106635|5.0|I did not read the martin books until I watched the TV series. Believe me, if you like the programmes, the books are one hell of a lot better! This book three was so good I had to review it having just finished it over Christmas. I am sure that George Martin needs no more praise than he already has but reading makes a quiet change in downtime. This third book introduces much more magic and there are some great twists. The supernatural element mingles in so well with the intruigue that it really makes the plot come alive. This is a real page-turner. Read on Mc....well you get the drift. [[ASIN:B000FBFN1U A Storm of Swords: A Song of Ice and Fire: Book Three]]
B006JPS1OM|5.0|Wow, I likes this game because you have to find bottom of box that words. It not bad. It good for adult and maybe kid too. So this game is great. Not 100%, it bewteen 80-90%.
B006ANJ4BW|3.0|I'm not here to compare this film to the original Conan, as other reviewers have already covered that much better than I can.  If you looking for some entertainment that's got plenty of action this version of Conan provides it.  Though very predictable, this film is good and goes well with some popcorn on a Saturday night.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I never get tired of listening to Kelly's voice is beautiful.  Most of all, I like her as a person, she is down to earth and not FAKE.  You go girl!
B0063IH60K|4.0|I like the game play and ease of use to this game. I soul recommend this to anyone who likes solitaire.  boa blab blah
B004ZG5F0K|5.0|This one is a \\"sleeper\\" that I know as missed by most people.  It is a different kind of Holocaust movie.  It centers on a young boy (same actor from the movie \\"Hugo\\" 2011 movie) whose father is a high official in the Nazi Party.  They move near a concentration camp that the Dad is in charge of.  While secretly exploring the grounds, the adventurous and lonely boy discovers a fenced in area and another little boy in \\"pajamas\\" on the other side.  They develop a secret bond/friendship through the fence. I will say no more except that EVERYTHING about this movie is wonderful. Acting, writing, directing, photography.  This is a movie you will not forget, and will find yourself recommending to friends.
B003L77G6A|5.0|Love this show. Hate the amount of followup spam mail from Amazon. Would have found the experience enjoyable if not for this.
B005HV6Y5W|1.0|Would have been GREAT as a 15 minute short. Way too long and disjointed this film is all over the place and hard to follow.  Actually there is LITTLE TO follow.  The visuals are STUNNING, but this does make a two movie.
B001DCQI8W|5.0|Insightful, probing performances beautifully played by the BPO. Tempos are carefully shaped so that forward momentum is maintained while the epiphanic moments shine forth in all their glory.  A great value to get all nine symphonies performed at this level for this price.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Love the game.  I do wish that when there are no more moves it would say there were no more moves and give you the option of ending and redealing.
B005QUQP76|5.0|First of all, this is not solely a gaming mouse, so if you don't do a ton of gaming, this mouse could still be for you. It is all around awesome. My entire family loves it. Write out of the box, it has quality written all over it. The chord has a nice braided sleeve which will prevent wire cracking and is a good length (enough to make it around my desk, two computers and into my kvm switch). It has a nice sturdy feel. The top of the mouse is smooth. It is not a slick plastic, but a matte black material that has a nice feel and grip. The sides of the mouse are the same but a bit more rough for a better grip, feels sort of like a very fine sand papery feel, but in a very good way. The left side of the mouse has very nice support, it cradles the thumb. The scroll wheel is solid, and has a nice feel (a middle click is a bit stiff compared to generic mouses). The two side buttons above the sniper button are nice (they come out of the box as forward backwards buttons). You can download a nice piece of software form the corsair website that lets you customize the whole mouse, from turning on and off the blue LED to changing the sniper button dpi.  It makes a big difference having a nice mouse like this when gaming, especially with all the nice features it has like lift detection and programmable buttons. Gaming with this mouse is great.  Pros:  Sturdy  Nice grip feel  On mouse adjustable dpi  Customizable buttons  Blue LED (Can be turned off)  Cons:  You are attached to a wire, doesn't bother me  I prefer a middle click that takes a little less force, but it's bearable  Overall, the mouse is awesome. I love how it feels. The form fits nicely into the hand and my hands are somewhat large. For my first gaming mouse, it is a winner.
014017821X|5.0|The Bloody Chamber includes ten stories based, with varying degrees of fidelity, on popular fairy tales--Blue Beard (the title story), two takes on Beauty and the Beast, and three versions of Little Red Riding Hood, as well as Puss in Boots, Snow White, Sleeping Beauty, and, somewhat less well known in the United States, the Erlking. The stories are structurally simple and stylistically lush. Carter's prose is rich and Baroque. Complex, mythic, layered. Her stories have the heavy overtones of sex and magic inherent in the traditional fairy tale, dense with repeated images of caged birds, flowers, blood, and beasts.<br /><br />The tales are mostly set in the years leading up to World War I, in a Europe in which horse-drawn carriages and automobiles mingle on the roads and the contradictory systems of magic and logic agitate on one another's boarders. The setting is more driven by atmosphere than any afinity for or loyalty to the past. Carter has created a neo-gothic world of secluded mansions and forests primaeval, a close cousin to Du Maurier's Cornwall. In keeping with the collection's 1979 publication date, however, the stories have a distinctly second wave feminist sensibility and explore issues of female sexuality and power, examining the limitations and restraints of femininity and offering surprising glimpses of strength and transcendence.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|totally worth it! even though its free it gives u so many games and levels to play with.!!!! ads are also not a problem!!!!!!
B003YUBXVI|5.0|Anthony Horowitz has once again conjured up a brilliant piece of writing. What makes this book better than his others is the spy-action it contians. I loved it and can't wait to read the next one!
B001C4AFOY|5.0|This is one of the best films about royals that I've ever seen. The acting is stunningly good. The exceptionally talented Emily Blunt portrays the young Queen Victoria as a very human, vulnerable and multi-dimensional young woman who struggles to transform herself into the brave, disciplined and austere leader she later becomes. Rupert Friend as Albert, cleverly portrays a character who isn't always likable and whose motives aren't always clear. The movie is beautifully filmed and directed. It is romantic, intriguing and brings an interesting chapter of history to life.<br /><br />Jennifer K. Lafferty<br />Author of Offbeat Love Stories and More
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Checked out some of her songs on youtube and immediately started tearing up...didn't know she sang these songs.  The energy of these songs would be great as Ron Paul event background music.  What a beautiful voice and and awesome upbeat dance rhythms...JUST BOUGHT ONE AND AM NOW A FAN.  THANK YOU FOR THIS ENDORSEMENT OF TRUTH AND HONESTY.
B005NGKLX2|4.0|Spanish director Mateo Gil delivers a tale based on the long time rumor that Butch Cassidy and the Sundance Kid escaped the shootout with the Bolivian army in 1908.  Butch (a terrific Sam Shepard), 15 years later is living in a small village in the South American country using the name James Blackthorn.  He raises horses and now has enough money to return to the United States and seek out the child that was borne by Etta Place (Dominique McElligott). Etta had recently died in San Francisco.  As most people familiar with the legend and/or the Redford/Newman film, Etta was a partner of Butch and Sundance (Padraic Delaney) and in more ways than one.  We are left to believe there is some question as to the parentage of Etta's offspring.<br /><br />There are several scenes of reflection when Butch thinks of their earlier arrival in South America.  In those scenes he is played by Nikolaj Coster-Waldau.  It is during one of these flashbacks that we learn the fate of Sundance.<br /><br />Several miles into his journey Butch has an unfortunate encounter with a Spaniard who is on the run from a dozen men.  Butch loses his horse and his money, so reluctantly agrees to accompany and help Eduardo (Eduardo Noriega) with the promise of securing $25,000. That is half of what Eduardo had stolen from a silver mining company.  Their journey is the movie and it is not without incident and complications.  The last of which seemed unnecessary to me.<br /><br />In any case the Bolivian production crew does an excellent job shooting the film.  The photography is as good as anything I've seen.  This is a very good extension of the Butch and Sundance legend and certainly worth a look.  The HD disc shows the gorgeous green Bolivian vistas in great detail.  The sound is mostly upfront.  There are no huge gun battles here so that should be expected.
B005HSL626|5.0|absolutely love this app!!.... im an addict! i suggest to anyone considering it to get it! it doesn't slow down your tablet or kindle or whatever it is your using... it's very entertaining and keeps you habing fun from start to finish!
0307388719|3.0|This book is very detailed with regards to Churchill's conduct during the war and does a good job illustrating the attitudes of the people and peers in England.  My only objection is the praise Sir Hastings heaps on Churchill.  The man was certainly great, but not flawless.  In this book, he is flawless.
0521397812|4.0|This book has so many uses!  It can be adapted for warm-up activities as well as filling in a few minutes at the end of a lesson.  Many of the topics can be expanded into full lessons.  Almost all the games can be used to strengthen a topic taught in a lesson in a fun and practical manner.  No language teacher should be without this!
B005LRWRZ8|5.0|I have to say, I am very impressed with this release.  Every song kicks ass!  This album seems to have found the perfect blend of the musical maturity that Dave Mustaine has achieved, while keeping true to the aggressive metal roots.<br /><br />My favorite tracks:<br /><br />Sudden Death - Really catchy chorus and bridge.  I also dig the solo<br /><br />Public Enemy No. 1 - Dark lyrics reminiscent of old Megadeth!  Also really catchy!<br /><br />We the People - This song really captures how I feel about our current political state.<br /><br />Black Swan - Probably my favorite tune on the disc...  This song kicks ass on just about every level!<br /><br />Wrecker - Misogynistic, but fun!<br /><br />Thirteen - Each album (at least from Youth in Asia and on) seems to have a personal song that's written about Dave's struggles in life.  I think this one is that song for this album.  I can't place my finger on exactly why, but I gravitate toward them.
B002VECM6S|5.0|I loved this movie.  It's one of those movies that leave you with good feelings afterward.  A nice addition to my movies collection :)
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I read the Bible everyday and this app makes it very convenient with the devotionals and multiple translations. My kids saw me using it everyday and downloaded the app on their devices.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|think you don't have time to study God's word, well no more excuses. this app give you the ability to do Bible studies, and read the word on the go. with daily reminders access  to live events near you,and a community to share with what are you waiting for download this app today!
B0009P5YXO|5.0|I got this gift for my roommate, who is a big fan of the tenth doctor. We both love the show and she couldn't have been more excited for this gift. Definitely recommend it for Dr. Who fans of all ages.
B0063IH60K|5.0|This game is very fun for playing on the go. I can play it anywhere anytime and be entertained all day.
0439023513|5.0|This book was so exciting I could hardly put it down. I cannot wait for the movie to be released. A++
B005VPSEK2|5.0|Thank you for your support of Ron Paul.  It amazes me that all the things that were brought up as reasons for not following you any longer were all based on bogus information.  Stick to your guns Ms. Clarkson.  Say what you believe and not what everyone WANTS you to believe.  I purchased this album to support your right to say what you really mean.  I hope we can get you to #1.
B003Z2LAAO|5.0|This product works great and would definitely buy more of. I would definitely do business with this company again.  Very Happy.
B005PTYOTE|5.0|\\"Too awesome\\" best describes this set. It got here just in time for the 4th one. I enjoyed watching Tom Cruise progress from 30 something to being almost 50 over these 4 movies. Reminded me how much I enjoy this anthology. Can't wait for a 5th one.
B00447G2PM|5.0|This product works great and would definitely buy more of. I would definitely do business with this company again.  Very Happy.
B004SJ3AXI|5.0|I think the people that give it 1 or 2 stars are crazy!!! I give it 5 stars because one all my devices like phone.Iphone Ipod ect. also it is.so fun because it has all the seasons. and that is my review for angry birds seasons free.
B005K2XUPK|5.0|Received quickly. This is really nice and the Kindle Fire fits perfectly and provides great protection when going somewhere and fits in wifes purse.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I had no problem using. this. It is easy to use. It is the King James version and that is what I wanted.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Once I started to read this book I could not stop, I had to keep going and a few days later was wanting more. This is a grim and brutal book of how things could be in this world even though it is fantasy could it hold some truth to the possible future. It is a must read book to anyone's collection.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Just received a Kindle Fire as a gift and downloaded Solitaire right away. This game is fun and the graphics are great.
B0042JTDXK|5.0|I understand that everyone has specific musical tastes, but I was shocked at the negative reviews of this album. I also own every Groban CD and I love this one!  My kids and I have been playing it over and over, particularly Bells of New York City and Voce Existe Em Mim (the percussion is incredible!).  I've always appreciated the unique sound of Josh Groban and how it stirs the soul, and this album is no different. I highly recommend this CD!
B005ZUR724|2.0|This is a great game and I will continue playing even when they come out with the update but the finger pointing really needs to go towards the developer, Gameloft.  I spoke to Amazon rep this morning and they stated the same thing that other folks were saying.  The exact quote from Amazon was, \\"Our goal is for Amazon Appstore customers to have a great experience with every app they order. As a result, we test all apps and updates prior to making them available in our store to verify that each app works as intended, doesn't  impair the functionality of the mobile device, and does not put customer data at risk once installed.\\"  They also stated that updates will be available automatically on the Fire through MyApps.  For what its worth, There is a new update for android (v1.0.8) but my wife cannot download it from her Samsung Galaxy either.  Amazon for their part did the right thing by offering a credit back to me for the cost of the game.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I'm another Ron Paul supporter trying to help you get over the flack you took by saying you liked him. I promise I will listen to the CD though and maybe post back here what I or my daughter thinks of it. Stay strong.
B0063IH60K|4.0|this is a very fun game to play.  I have spent hours playing this game on my kindle fire.  this is a great game.
1451648537|5.0|My company, Power Marketing, has been using Apple products for over 20 years. Jobs had the unusual ability to create products that are both incredibly reliable and incredibly powerful. The book paints a clear picture of the man. He wasn't a saint, but don't be too quick to judge him either. Few men or women possess the passion for excellence and the sincere altruistic motives that Jobs did. He truly wanted to create products that made human existence better. And he did. My name is Brian Flook and my company Power Marketing uses only Apple products because nothing else is as reliable, consistent and worth every penny. As a full-service marketing firm, we live and die on our computers. We love our Apples!   [[ASIN:1606433008 Master What Matters ... How to Create New Home Marketing That Guarantees Increased Traffic]]
B0000524CY|4.0|I never saw The Exorcist when it came out in 1973, or afterward, because I heard about some of the disgusting scenes in it and I figured I didn't want those images polluting my imagination and my memory.  I had the impression then that the movie was chiefly a shallow, poor grade creation made for sensational appeal.  Recently, though, in 2011, I saw an interview with the author of the book, Wm P Blatty, and I liked him and his comments about the newer version of his book and movie.  I was also interested in his comments about how he, like so many writers, clearly experiences himself as a \\"channel\\" of the creative material that comes to him chiefly from outside himself.  After reading some reviews of this revision of The Exorcist movie, which includes extra new scenes and a new, improved soundtrack, I decided I'd like to see it--particularly in light of the fact that the Catholic Church is making exorcism very available lately because of a greatly increasing need for it.  This was not at all the case in 1973, which is clear from a priest's comments in the movie.  After viewing the revised film, I'm surprised that I find it a pretty high quality bit of film-making.  It's a well-told story based on the facts of an actual case of possession and exorcism, which to my way of thinking puts it out of the horror movie genre.  I didn't find it scary, and I didn't find the disgusting sights (like green vomit) to be overwhelming to my imagination.  I found it less troubling than the sights in some scenes I've glimpsed in recent horror movies (that I've then decided not to watch all the way through).  I did find the language of Regan Possessed to be very ugly and I wish I didn't now have the memory of it.  My main reaction to all the outrageous stuff in the movie was that I was curious to see how a possessed person acted, and thus I got insight into the horrible traits of the devil and demons.  Because I found the mother's language objectionable, too (but much less so than Regan's, of course), and she was temperamental,  I didn't quite \\"like\\" the mother, even though her part was very well-acted and plausible.    I thought all the actors were excellent in their roles, but I did feel there was a certain lack of \\"priestliness\\" conveyed in the priests' characters, excepting Fr Merrin.  Especially, Fr Karas never seemed to me like a Priest who was disaffected from his vocation; he seemed merely like an ordinary man who was disaffected with life.  In other words, his character seemed to have no sense of a depth of \\"holiness\\" about it, not even faded holiness.  His prayers seemed like the prayers of just a troubled man.  I thought the finalizing scenes between the priest who survived (don't recall his name) and Regan, and then between that priest and the policeman, were a very good addition which helped to give a proper closure to the story.  The cleansed Regan looks at the priest's collar and makes a spontaneous move to kiss him on the cheek, a scene which serves to show that a part of her recognizes who was helping her during the possession and that she is now grateful to the priests, two of whom have died in the process of helping her.  Then, in the scene between the priest and the policeman, this priest, unlike Fr Karas before him, does accept the policeman's bid for friendship, so the movie ends on a note of comradeship and normalcy in these survivors, who are good guys still at large in the world, working in roles that uphold the social and religious fabric of society.  It's a relief to have the note of comedy they provide, too, as normal \\"life goes on.\\"    My main criticism is that there seemed to be some holes in the story.  For instance, what caused Regan to become possessed in the first place?  There is a scene where she is shown playing with a Ouija board, but the movie never \\"spells out\\" the idea that Regan's use of the Ouija board serves as an invitation for the devil's entrance into Regan's being.  Also, what is the connection between Regan's possession and what appears to be a supernatural desecration of a statue in a Catholic Church?  And, overall, what is the connection in all the demonic events in Georgetown with the devilish artifact discovered in Iraq by archeologist, Fr Merrin, and how does this artifact happen to turn up later in Georgetown at the site of a man murdered by Regan?  Overall, a very compelling story about the little-known matter of demonic possession.  A well-made film, well-acted.  Worth seeing.  Can be considered a historic first, I suppose, in the Possession genre.
B001AQR3IU|3.0|I originally saw this movie in the theater and liked it right away.  It has a lot of big names in it and is a fun story.  On Blu-ray, it looks and sounds wonderful.  I recommend it if you liked The Princess Bride.
B00003CXBH|4.0|This is a great classic movie.  I've had a hard time finding it.  This DVD edition with all the special features is an outstanding buy.  The nudity in the film makes this a movie that you don't want to watch with adolescents (unless you enjoy blushing girls and snickering boys).  I would recommend it for adult audiences, however.
B005DOL0R0|4.0|Works quite well protection. I have dropped my fir a couple of times with this case on and there.has been no damage to the device at all. It is a good basic product yet is a bit overpriced. I would rather have gotten one of the cases that snap on and double as a stand since they are the same price. Overall, this is a good quality case.
B0063IH60K|5.0|got this app for my kindle fire. it works great and is so easy to use. I highly recommend this game.
B004FOA84A|4.0|this was a fun game but short. It took about a hour to play. but it is a great game to play when you are on break.
B003NFM3JK|1.0|I ordered this dvd and had it shipped to my mom.  While it arrived very quickly, the first problem was,for some reason, she received 2 copies of the same movie.  So, being an honest person, she called Amazon and told them, and they sent her a return mail sticker. She packed up and returned the extra dvd right away.    The second problem came when she went to watch the movie. It kept freezing and wouldn't run longer than the first 3 minutes or so.  This time I contacted Amazon, and then I had to contact Hastings, which is the 2nd party seller.  They said they \\"were sorry for the problem, but we can't reship, but if I sent it back, they would refund my money.\\"  OK... so I had to print the email w/ the return item sticker, send it to my mom and she once again, had to pack it up and return it.  So, long story short, after about a month, she returned 2 dvds and still didn't get to watch the movie.  They did credit my account, just like they said.  This was a new, in the package movie sold by Amazon, sent by Hastings.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I love this game! I like that if I want I can just click on the card and it goes where its supposed. to.
1451627289|4.0|Yet another good book by Stephen King. It's more Sci-Fi than horror. A fun read that moves at a quick pace and keeps your interest.
B0063IH60K|5.0|If you are a solitaire fan you'll have a great time with this game. Add the fact that its free and you're good to go.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|This one got me hooked early, and held me until the very end of the trilogy.  Extremely well-crafted, with suspense, emotion and a subtle political point woven together seamlessly.  Nearly impossible to put down.
B006JN5KBG|2.0|I wouldn't sweat that 'Limited to 3,000 copies' Twilight Time version of FRIGHT NIGHT(1985), especially since it's not an official release and I've known for quite some time that a commentary with the director(Tom Holland) and actor(William Ragsdale) exist for the eventual Bluray disc paring + more Extras. This is a just a \\"bare bones\\" disc with nothing special save the transfer of the film itself. The high pricetag folks are paying for this version is ridiculous and ill advised. Save your $$ for the legit version.
B006FYHTFO|5.0|I love soundtracks! But out of all the soundtracks I own/listen too, the Sherlock Holmes soundtracks have to be one of the best! And in my opinion this one, though it's almost too close to call, is better that the first Sherlock Holmes soundtrack. The songs are just composed beautifully and are fun and entertaining to listen to. It's is definitely worth buying!
B005HSL626|5.0|I love this game because it makes you think and very interstice to play. I would.consider.this.game to someone that has kids and adults.
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|I love this game. It loads fast and is very addicting! I love it! This is the first game I have bought for my kindle fire and I look forward to trying more.
B005NF2UE6|5.0|I love Nickleback and always cant wait til their CD's come out. Can't wait til their concerts. I love it!
B004SBULWE|5.0|My opinion is that this is the best because. it has itself on the notification bar, and you can check off what apps to kill. It doesn't make the fire slow.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I love to play this.game and I even got my mover to love to play it too. the format is nice and you can customize it.
B004SJ3AXI|4.0|the app is great to have and fun to play. but it is sooo slow on loading and sometimes while you are in the middle of launching you angry bird ads pop up all over the screen. My question is should i keep the app or should i get the ad - free one for 99 cents? also if i don't. have money is it worth it or should i get rid of angry birds seasons?
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|I'm mad at kindle right now I entered a gift card and it will let me get books but not games or apps I live angry birds but kindle is messed up right.now does anyone know how to fix this please help
B003L77G6A|5.0|My family is a fan of the Big Bang Theory.  Purchased this as a gift for Christmas and we have been watching the 4th season to see those episodes we missed and to catch the lines we missed watching them the first time.  We always read Chuck Lorre's \\"words of wisdom\\" at the end of each episode.  Without reading these would not have known that Johnny Galecki owned a Tesla.
B004EBZX6W|4.0|I love this app. with this app, u could find wifi anywhere. but just one thing. there was an update for it, and now I am confused on what happens. but ill figure it out eventually.
B001USHRCK|5.0|I bought this for a gift does my grown son who is a collector. He was so surprised and loves the set!
B0063IH60K|5.0|I love this game , solitaire, its a fun card game u can play yourself. easy, and simple. and it kills time too. like if u r at a boring place, or ur just bored doing nothing, u can play this little card game and injoy it. :-)
B005ZUR724|1.0|I bought the game, created a new character, and it was a lot of fun for a while, but it stopped working after a day. I'm having the same problem as everyone else where the game says I need to update but the game wont update. Ive even completely deleted the data files and redownloaded them. Really suckle cause I was having fun with my undead mage.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I love this game. Not only is it a fun and addictive,  but it also a good game to expand your brain and think things before.
B0025UHKNS|4.0|Great motivator for beginners. It is a great tool to track your weekly progress online. Downfall, I was unable to sync my information online from another computer. I went through the download process and plugged in the antenna but the system was unable to detect the garmin. I'm not sure if that was a user error or if the watch/antenna does not allow you to sync your information to your online account from more than one computer. Also, one note for the females, the dial face and straps on the watch are HUGE. The size is good for the winter months becuase it fits over your cold weather gear. It comes with cloth straps and I plan to switch over to the cloth straps in the spring in hopes of getting a more snug fit around my wrist.
0439023521|1.0|I was utterly surprised to find this the most popular book at Amazon! Having been sent the trilogy as a Christmas present from my sci-fi loving daughter, who has incredible taste in literature, and having read the first 6 chapters, I was beginning to wonder if she had read any of Collins' work, as I found the writing terribly simplistic and the plot leading to voyeurism, but perhaps that goes along with my distaste for reality TV shows. My daughter had noted, \\"These are a some kids' books that I thought you would enjoy. Parcel them out in small chunks.\\" She had suggested I could pass them on to my 20 year old granddaughter. It was kind of funny that I landed on this page when arriving at Amazon in search of some character building books for my 9 yr. old grandson - something that would take him in a different direction than the  magic of Harry Potter. Yes, magic and sci-fi are fun to read, but I'm looking for something with a little more depth, a message? a different perspective? leading to a good discussion? I may finish the book just to see if I'm missing something - or maybe not - too many other good books waiting on my nightstand. I would not recommend this book to anyone of any age, certainly not teens nor young adults.
B0068ZGHQM|5.0|Love Love Love this show!! Each episode is packed with so many different events and keeps you on the edge of your seat until the next one. For $1.99 an easy catch up through the week when you cant catch the episode on TV. Watched on my computer with headphones and quality for each episode was great!! Not for the kids.
1451648537|5.0|I bought this for my dad for Christmas and it was the perfect gift! It fit with the apple theme this year because he got me an iPad and my sisters iPods. He is excited to read it! Quite a lengthy book however.
B004478GN8|5.0|Item was for my nephew. Legos have been a staple in our household. The product itself is always more expensive than what it costs to make the plastic pieces but thats Legos! The item was cheaper here on Amazon. The delivery and packaging was great. I knew what to expect and was more than happy with what we recieved.
B0066W1AZK|4.0|good game with fair graphics. a statistics page would be nice. biggest concern is I cant save a game and come back to it using kindle fire. so I have to have time to play start to finish :(
0756686970|5.0|Great Book! The men in my family from 60 down to 3 enjoyed leafing through this book. Great history on Legos a staple in many households!!
B006JPS1OM|4.0|Not a bad little detective game. reminds me of the old Police Quest games a little bit. I might even pony up for the full version.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I really enjoy how easy to use this app is to use and how close to the game I grew up with this is. I also particularly like how flexible the settings make gameplay, including in specific the right-handed layout option.
B005K17RU0|5.0|I don't know why everyone says this app is bad. it is very informative and easy to use.  it is very good and better yet its free
B0052GACNM|5.0|Tony Bennett is a true proffesional and the last of his generation. Music is too subjective for me to tell you how it is, but I will say that if you are a fan of his, you will love this album. (especially if you liked Duets 1) The variaty of talent on this album is amazing and the track with Amy Winehouses last recording, I admit, made me a little emotional. I bought this as a gift for my mom, but I enjoyed it myself almost as much as her.
B006C1DH92|4.0|It's a fun game and it runs well. Has cool unlocks like cat claws that gives it more play value. Only downside is that it is kind of difficult, but just takes practice.
B0061JPYX2|5.0|You sense the deep love and affection that the Winehouse family had/have for Amy Winehouse in each song, but not in a somber way. This album seems to be a real tribute to Amy and her soulful voice, which truly highlights her love for music and her vocal range. If you're a fan, this is obviously a must have. If you're not, this may be the album that hooks you....
B004EPZ07A|5.0|Ordered a Blu-ray for a gift. Product was just as described, and came promptly! Thanks! I'd definitely do business here again.
B0060V1WJ6|3.0|Crazy, Stupid, Love.  The movie is fairly entertaining, however, the message not always reality.  The premise that there is always a soul mate for each of us and the fact we need to fight for who we love, isn't exactly the reality of the 21st century.<br /><br />It's the story of a man dealing with a wife going through her own mid-life questioning, which is sort of the opposite of most situations.  Usually, it's the man dumping the wife because of his illicit affair or need to look elsewhere.  Why she strayed to begin with isn't delved into deeply.  You sort of never see it coming either, just like the husband, Cal.<br /><br />However, shocked and broken over the revelation, he heads to the bar he's passed many times and bemoans his unfaithful wife who wants a divorce.  He meets the womanizing man, who is going to turn him into a man his wife will want back.  The tables are turned.  He's the one who has let himself go, and suddenly he's turned into a well-dressed dude ready and able to woo the women in the bar like his teacher.<br /><br />Of course, he still loves his wife, who struggles with her decision.  One child goes through struggles of adolescence and divorce, while the other dances through apparently unscathed.  And a side story brews over another young girl, who surprisingly is related to Cal in a level you've never guessed.<br /><br />The theme of soul mates and fighting for love seem cliche in this day and age.  It's a notion that has passed on by, as well as fighting for a marriage on the brink of divorce.  If we were all truly soul mates, would we fight to keep it together?  If you haven't married your soul mate, is your marriage doomed?  The theme is idealistic; but reality is much different.<br /><br />A few laughs are here and there.  A lot of sap is in the message.  It was a mildly entertaining, but irritating as well if you've suffered through adultery, divorce, and themes that are contrary to the movie's message.  Let's be honest.  Life doesn't always turn out like a movie's happy ending.
B002ZG97EC|5.0|This movie is fantastic, i saw it a couple of times in theaters and had to buy it when i saw it on bluray. I highly recommend it.
B001NLKT60|3.0|very long and not as fun and interesting as the first. it kind of lagged for pages at a time but about eigthy percent through it it finally pivked up and became suspemsful again.
B001AR4K8K|5.0|Awesome video. One of the original vampire movies. Fast shipping and super price. Anyone who enjoys the vampire genre should have this film.
B004H1V5RU|5.0|I got the Perplexus Epic for Christmas and I haven't been able to set it down yet. The Epic is very challenging so much so that I don't think it is really even possible to beat it from 1 to 125 without restarting several thousand times. I did manage to beat every checkpoint but it took me quite a few hours to do so. The checkpoints (points where you can start the ball) are located at 1 to 33, 33 to 56 and 56 to 91 and 91 to 125. The toy is kind of fragile so don't buy one if you get angry a lot and throw things around (I had to resist from throwing it across the room multiple times). But I have had mine for a few days and I don't think it is just going to fall apart. One thing that was different from the Standard version was that a few of the challenges seem to be less skill related and involve more luck. The see-saw and the ramp into a cup seemed to be more like a 1 in 10 chance you would even make it, which is what makes going though from 1 to 125 so difficult.  Overall this is one of the best puzzle games I have ever played with. Hopefully they will make an Epic 2 sometime in the future.
B003AO1SVS|5.0|I bought this after my brother was telling me about this band in 2009. I loved it so I decided to buy ''Attack and release''... I liked that one so I bought Magic potion, and so on... Now I have every album.  I love this band and everyything they do, and I will continue to buy everything they do or have. I mean seriously, have you heard their cover of ''meet me in the city'' by junior kimbrough?
B004SBX112|5.0|awesome $.99 app. there are too many cry babies whining over glitches and owning poor equipment causing problems with their download. I am going to angry bird accessorize my life
B005HSG3VK|5.0|I received my Black lightweight MicroShell Folio Cover in Amazon's one day shipping. The Fire very easily snapped into place and seems stable for the duration since there is really no reason to be removing it. The elastic band holds it securely shut if I want to carry it in my purse or lay it down where someone might bump it around. While reading I can also insert my hand into the strap to hold it if I wish...a tap of my thumb will turn a page for me. I expected something that was easy and lightweight to use and I was not disappointed.
B0063IH60K|5.0|it was free, downloaded quickly, and is fun to play on my new Kindle Fire. I would recommend this app to anyone who likes electronic solitaire.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I use this app all the time at my Bible study as well as for personal readings and devotions. It is so easy to use. Having all the translations is such a gift. My favorite pre-bedtime activity is to listen to the audible ESV version. It's a great way to end the day. Definitely recommend this app!
B00005N6KG|3.0|I order these regularly because earbuds fall out of my ears when I run. I like the fit of these, but they only last about 6 months and then stop working. (In my experience.) I can't find any others that will stay put while running though, so I keep buying them.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|You seem to know what is right.  I'll tell my friends to buy your songs.  Keep up.. Let's protect our Liberty!
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|I love the game but sometimes when I play it it wont shoot the bird it. When I tryed to pull back the bird it would only ZOOM in and out not anything else.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Thnx for supporting Ron Paul! Just bought you cd for support! I admire your courage and the fact that you say what you think is true!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I can't recall ever hearing Miss / Mrs Clarkson's music before but I support her in an obvious assault on her character by the Media for expressing her beliefs to her fans... Free speech and Free markets ... I vote with my dollar and any fans you loose over this weren't worth having and I suspect you'll pick up quite a few to replace them. I hope to hear you sing at the Inauguration of President Paul. God Bless you Kelly Stay \\"Stronger\\"! :)
B0063IH60K|5.0|Game works perfectly on my samsung infuse. graphics are vivid and it all flows well. this basic version will always be my favorite.
B002MQYOFW|3.0|I was encouraged to read The Hunger Games by some very enthusiastic fans of the book and after finishing it I just don't get the level of praise the book is getting. It's not bad. It's even quite enjoyable once you get to chapter 6 or so, but it's nothing special.<br /><br />The early chapters are poorly written info dumps and it's kind of obvious that the author should have gone back and given them another re-write. A failure on the editor's part too then. Once you get to the Hunger Games themselves things pick up a lot. The central character is a little self-involved (almost an inevitable failing of the chosen first person, present narrative), but generally sympathetic and the situations she is placed in carry some emotional weight.<br /><br />It's a slight tale and reads quickly. I suspect it will work better in movie form than it does as a book. It kept my attention to read it in only a few days, but I don't feel any urge to re-read and having got this first book via Amazon's lending library I'm not inspired to actually pay for the sequels.
B0054JZC6E|4.0|it is a. very good game. but there needs to.be more levels.... but it is a good free game fun to play.with true family
B005HPY8LU|5.0|Kelly Clarkson is a talented singer and has put out some good music but I'm lending my support because of her choice to step up and speak her voice! I respect her for supporting Ron Paul, it's great to see someone as influential as her support a worthy candidate while others try to tear him down! Go Kelly Clarkson and go Ron Paul!!!!
B00004VYPF|1.0|I ordered \\"Singing in the Rain\\"  and they sent me a version in French?????? I have no idea how that happened.
B004LUS390|5.0|it seemed like it would be a sketch book that would bore me but this wanted and begged me to keep writing on it.
B000JQUKKU|5.0|Thank you Charles Dickens for teaching all of us how to honor Christmas and hold it in our heart always :)
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I just received this recently and couldn't be happier. What I wanted was a case that would protect my Kindle from bumps and scratches, both the screen and the back, without making it bulky. I want to be able to drop it into my bag or pocket and not worry about it. I rarely use cases for other electronics, such as my smartphone, because I don't like the added size.   This case clips over the device, perfectly fitted to the form. The front cover matches up where it should be, not sticking out past the edge or leaving gaps. The band holds it in place, open or closed. The stand does what it's supposed to do and will be great for travel.   If you're looking for something fancy I suppose this isn't for you, but if you want a lightweight, formfitting, and functional case for your Kindle Fire, this is just right.
630469878X|2.0|I hadn't seen Thelma and Louise in years. I had forgotten everything about it except the attempted rape. It's an okay film but I still don't get how it became such a big hit. I guess the star power of Geena Davis and Susan Sarandon made this film so popular. They definitely brought spark to their characters but other than that this movie is nothing special.<br /><br />Thelma and Louise are two hometown best friends. Thelma is married to a car salesman, Darryl and Louise has a thuggish boyfriend named Jimmy. Other than that, we know hardly anything about these women. The movie begins with a tiny glimpse of their regular lives and then they are off on the open road for the entire film.<br /><br />While at a truck stop bar Thelma meets a man, Harlen who tries to rape her in the parking lot. Louise shoots him and the two take off. From there Louise and Thelma spend their time in hotels, staying clear of the cops.<br /><br />There are many familiar faces as supporting characters such as Michael Madsen, Brad Pitt and Harvey Keitel.<br /><br />The only big problem I had with the film was Thelma's completely unrealistic and annoying behavior. Here she is almost raped and in the next scene she acts like nothing ever happened to her! It was so maddening to see how she behaved. And if that's not bad enough she even has an affair (after almost being raped)! Pathetic and pitiful. That is why it's so hard to take anything that happened in Thelma and Louise seriously. Thelma's actions were despicable and too unbelievable to even comprehend. A huge disservice to people who have dealt with that type of violence and abuse. Even Louise didn't seem realistic. She just shoots a man and her friend is almost raped and she seems to feel nothing. She is just as cold and heartless to Thelma as she could be. Granted Thelma didn't seem like a victim but still Louise could've shown some compassion for her friend. All you get is, \\"Shut up, Thelma!\\" Louise was very selfish. All she cared about was getting away, not helping Thelma.<br /><br />People always hyped this up as the classic chick flick but to me it makes women look dumb and silly with the things they did. Thelma acts like a two year old and Louise acts like some gunslinger who is living in a fantasy world. Neither of them reacted with any sense. You'd never be able to make this film in today's world and not be criticized for the women acting so dumb.<br /><br />Another thing about this movie is it looks very dated even for being made in 1990. It looks more like it was made in the early 70's. The quality of the film hasn't held up well at all.<br /><br />If you haven't seen this film in all these years you probably never felt the need to. Whether you ever check it out is up to you but you're not missing much if you don't.ple always hyped this up as the classic chick flick but to me it makes women look dumb and silly with the things they did. Thelma acts like a two year old and Louise acts like some gunslinger who is living in a fantasy world. Neither of them reacted with any sense. You'd never be able to make this film in today's world and not be criticized for the women acting so dumb.  Another thing about this movie is it looks very dated even for being made in 1990. It looks more like it was made in the early 70's. The quality of the film hasn't held up well at all.   If you haven't seen this film in all these years you probably never felt the need to. Whether you ever check it out is up to you but you're not missing much if you don't.
B0063IH60K|5.0|i love it!  works great I play it for hours on my kindle fire I recommend it to everyone
0375842209|4.0|Once I got used to the concept that \\"Death\\" was narrating this story, it was a quick read that held my interest.  However, I agree that this book is best suited for younger readers.  I think it would be a valuable tool for educating young people about the horrors of World War II, lest generations grow up without the knowledged of the evil that was perpetrated not all that long ago.  The characters were well written and the story tragic and hopeful at the same time.
B004QNN1UI|5.0|I loved this concert disc. The band was spot on, the music amazing, Mick's vocals were soulfull and powerfull. I am so glad that I own it. I have watched it several times and will again. If you love Simply Red, this is a must have for your collection. You won't be disappointed.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Thank you for supporting Ron Paul. The constitution needs defending and he is the only one with the guts or the care to do it.  For this, buying something as small as a cd to show support is no problem.  -Matt from Texas
B000007XUQ|5.0|Great group, great songs, lots of memories come flooding back. Karen passed too young, and Richard gave up too soon.  Had the 33-1/3 album but tere are more songs on the CD than were contained in the album.  Great listening
B000W91RUG|5.0|Sheldon: Okay, who's on lithium?<br />Leonard: Huh?<br />Sheldon: Look at our logo.  Three electrons orbiting the nucleus.  If you look at the CGI atom that appears between scene changes, the nucleus consists of six spheres, 3 neutrons and 3 protons, although why one of them is pink and another one is gold is beyond me-<br />Penny: I think the pink one is supposed to be me.<br />Sheldon: That would almost make sense, but then why 6 spheres? There are only 5 of us.  In any event, this is clearly a lithium atom.<br />Howard: Actually, as a matter of fact, I used to be on lithium.  Now I'm on Prozac.<br />Leonard: It's not supposed to represent lithium, it's just supposed to represent...atoms, and..stuff.<br />Sheldon: \\"Atoms and stuff?\\"  Then it's meaningless.  It's gaudy and comical.  If we are to have a logo, it should be something we can respect.<br />Leonard: Thank you, Dr. Manhattan.<br />Sheldon: I'm serious!  We need to get this logo changed to something actually relevant to the big bang theory.<br />Raj (whispers to Howard, smiling.)<br />Howard: Well, maybe, but how would you turn that into a logo?<br />Raj (whispers some more)<br />Howard: Hmm...Nah, I don't think she'd go for it<br />Penny: No. She wouldn't.<br />Sheldon: You all are talking about coitus, aren't you?<br /><br />If you think any of the above is remotely humorous, get this series.  It's even better.
0345529057|5.0|My husband has already read through book two! This series is perfect for anyone who love books of this genre!
0385340540|1.0|After hundreds of pages of Italian conversations about coffee, churches, bistros and famiglia, which Grisham religiously translates to English in some misguided attempt to teach the reader some basic language skills, I just got so bored and fed up that I recycled the book.  Good riddance.
B003KGBISY|5.0|Great edition to our collection. My husband and I love this movie and were happy to add the blue ray to our collection.
B005LAJ1PE|5.0|Amazing show!  I hope they include the unaired footage from the finale in an extended or uncut version. A full cast commentary for at least a few episodes would be greatly APPRECIATED!
B004K00NEO|4.0|The first thing that drew me to go see \\"Robots\\" was the teaser trailer shown on TV.  It led me to the web site where they snuck in a couple bits of the film, including -- at that time -- the longest single scene of animation work produced!  It looked terrific, and also had the added advantage of the voice of Robin Williams as one of the more neurotic robots.  Despite the simple story, which is not a bad thing, \\"Robots\\" manages to get you to root for our underdog who decides to right the wrongs being done by the large corporation \\"upgrading\\" what THEY consider to be inferior robots, including our hero's dad!    You can't ask for more incentive than that, and so our hero Rodney sets off on his journey and finds along the way others that are willing to help him achieve his goal.  Basically a gang of misfits and mismatched robots made of what can best be described as \\"leftover parts\\"!  I am no professor of fimdom, but this tale is one told many times before in many a different context.  Here it is presented in terrific animation, with engaging action and well written dialog.  That dialog gets spoken by Ewan McGregor, Halle Berry, Greg Kinnear, Mel Brooks, Amanda Byrnes, Jim Broadbent, Drew Carey and the aforementioned Robin Williams (\\"That's me all over...\\").  A good deal of the reason for the success of this film must go to the screenwriting of Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandell, who keep the our robotic friends full of wit and vigor.    This is really one of the landmark films in animation and is a treat for the whole family!  The Blu-Ray disc really shows off the level of detail that it takes create a marvelously simple tale told to perfection.  The extras on the disc are also worthwhile, especially \\"Aunt Fanny's Tour of Booty\\", which is an appropriate description of the robot with a considerable 'caboose'!  The DTS 5.1 sound makes this film jump at you -- especially with the sound effects of the robots just moving about and occassionally coming apart!  Hard to believe it has been over 6 years since the release of \\"Robots\\", but the efforts of Blue Sky have held up well, even against today's marketing of animation.  The younger kids -- and us adults in their 2nd childhood! -- will really enjoy watching this over and over.
045122499X|5.0|The Pillars of the earth is one of the most fascninating books i have ever read...a few months later i read \\"World Without End\\" and it had quite a bit to live up to.  This book IS what \\"Pillars\\" was and that is exactly what i was looking for in it.<br />  After reading \\"Pillars\\" i kept thinking to myself that i wish i could read it for a first time over and over again becuase it was just so good.  Well, ta-da! World Without End is extremely similair to Pillars in every sense.  Many life-like characters....some good, some bad, some in the middle, some very very evil, some shady, some proud, some cunning, some dumb.  All of them are put in this story that takes place about 200 years after \\"Pillars\\" and Ken Follet doesn't miss mention the somewhat improved technology(hospitals mainly), and Follet also seems to have the same great ability writing this as he did with \\"Pillars\\" almost 20 years prior.  Not many books go past a thousand pages, this one does, and i still wish it was longer.  I reccomend starting this book when you have a few days ahead of you with nothing to do and nowhere to go, so you can live in england 700 years ago with some amazing characters.  Anything that i loved about Pillars was in this book, and that, is a very very good thing. Absolutely perfect. 5 out of 5 stars!
B0063IH60K|4.0|A great way to pass the time- mindless entertainment for any one. Easy to change scoring, card backs and style of game.
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|Get real tablet if you want to play the game. The kindle fire is an e-reader, you read books with it. You people giving the game one star are morons. If you don't understand technology, don't use it.
B005MSD75U|4.0|I have to say this kept us entertained. Most movies these days I can't even get through the whole thing so that says something. Some really LOL scenes and some unrealistic beyond what I can even let my imagination wonder scenes but enough of a balance that it was good for the whole family. I'd actually give it 3 1/2 if I could but I can't so I rounded up....
B0054JZC6E|3.0|I like the app, but it seems some of the games and the score they want u to achieve are unrealistic hard to beat!
B005DOL0R0|5.0|THIS IS AN IDEAL ACCESSORY FOR THE KINDLE FIRE.  THE TABLET FITS SNUGLY INSIDE IT, AND IT IS WELL PADDED FOR SAFETY. THE TEXTURE MAKES FOR A SURE GRIP.[[ASIN:B004SD26Z2 Amazon Kindle Zip Sleeve, Graphite (Fits Kindle and Kindle Touch)]]
B004FOA84A|3.0|I gave this app a 3 star rating because I didn't \\"hate it\\". It was fun, while it lasted. The problem is, I played the game in about a half hour. There is a lot to do, but most of it is easy to figure out. Does take some thinking but if you've played games like this before, you know to look at everything.<br /><br />The game itself was fun. I would have liked to have seen it go on longer - more clues to find, more things inside rooms (as it is, one room only had 2 items in it). The hidden hallway only had one.<br /><br />This is a great game for a kid 10+ though. Sort of. They might not understand to look at every single thing they can. My 15 year old played it and got it done in about an hour and a half. My 12 year took a little longer with about 2 hours. I just think that the game could have been better if they had made it go on longer. And really? That was the ending?
B0063IH60K|4.0|It's a good game to play to pass by time. I never have much to do and  a simple game like this is just right.
B0063GORYU|5.0|This app works great on my Kindle Fire. Thanks for the freebie! Gotta get back to the game ;-)  Peace to all.
B0063IH60K|4.0|great fun. free. easy to relax to. free. love winning. free. never had problems. free. can play quietly for me time. free
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Thank you for supporting Ron Paul,just for that we are putting together a Kelly Clarkson Money bomb on facebook, Our goal is to put Miss Clarkson at #1 in sales as a show of our love for her taking a stand and not letting ANYONE sway her love of Ron Paul!.  Thank you Kelly!.,Kenny Clark,Red Bluff California
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|Convenient and useful, this product is good to have especially on my kindle and to link all of my notes.
B002QP145C|3.0|This is a long movie that has some slow parts.. especially the beginning.  I found some of the combat scenes to be unbelievable.  For example, Russian tanks would retreat when the Finnish soldiers attacked without tank support.  I'm not a military history expert but I thought that was unrealistic.
B0063IH60K|4.0|This is a great app. Winning games are far and few between, however the perseverance of willing keeps one hooked.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Just bought your CD after I heard your endorsement for Dr Paul. I felt for you when you went into the establishment music machine knowing you would be red meat for them. Heard you on TV the other day and you blew me away. Good for you for standing up to them and now standing up for what you believe. Glad you beat that system. AND THANK YOU FOR SUPPORTING RON PAUL!!! You will be showered with even more fans now and you deserve it. Talented and intelligent!
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|Bought this cover after glowing reviews, I have been very satisfied with the product.  Lightweight case that inherits the weight of the Kindle Fire, it grips well and the hinged-face props device on my dash for driving.  Buy! Buy! Buy!
B004SIP6N6|4.0|Long before Kevin Smith became the self-important Hollywood type that he is today, he was an average schmoe like the rest of us. He worked dead end jobs post high school until his calling came. Through sacrifice, hard work, and a crap-load of credit card debt, he wrote, directed, and financed the penultimate guerilla film \\"Clerks\\".   This film, some exaggeration not withstanding, is LIFE. The tedium, the bouts of immature and petty jealousy, the absurd conversations among friends at work...it's all here in spades. We all have gone through times in our lives where we question everything..Is she the right one?....Is this what I'll be doing the rest of my life?...What smells like shoe polish?....  The dialogue, as has been stated by numerous critics, is brutally frank...but HONEST. Often funny and to the point, Smith's script flows lucidly and, for a group of untried actors, lines are delivered with surgical precision. Watch the first lengthy conversation between Randall and Dante and see how there isn't a single cut in the midst of it. That's an awful lot of dialogue to get in one steady shot. It really is impressive and speaks volumes for O'Halloran and Anderson.   The somewhat grainy black and white look adds to the vibe. I couldn't imagine this film in color. It's basically little more than a student film (production-wise), but it really does surpass one's expectations. It's a film of it's time...and easily one of the BEST films of it's time. Fortunately, it still remains relevant on many levels. How many cookie-cutter movies does Hollywood make these days that leave absolutely no mark on the art form?  This movie didn't leave a mark....it left a vulgar little spray painted tattoo on it...and that's okay by me.
B0040JHLJK|5.0|I bought my first pair of adrenaline GTS 11 at the Dallas Half Marathon Pre Run Fair, after being evaluated in the Brook´s bus. At first I was sceptic, since I usually prefer minimal support shoes, but after using this pair for over 500 miles, and running 2 half marathons and a full one without a hitch, I decided on buying a second pair. This Brooks really outdo all my previous pair of Nikes (about 5 different models).
B006QF7664|2.0|I'll be honest, I'm not much of a horror affictionado, though I do enjoy a good scare once in a while.  I do enjoy sci-fi, for what it's worth.  This movie.. while nicely filmed and acted, was just.. not.. very.. scary.
B0058VW36U|5.0|I love this game. Its original, challenging, fun, and addicting! It doesn't beat Angry Birds, but both are intricate games. Compliments to the creators on this!
B000CEAGH6|4.0|The velociraptor is pretty small compared to other dinosaurs I bought for my son.  Still, the details are good and the dino is made well and durable.  I would recommend it if your child likes dinosaurs.
B001F12J48|1.0|This version is not made for 3-D TVs. It comes with cheap 3-D glasses that are virtually unusable. I have a Sony 3-D TV and could not watch this with the Sony 3-D glasses, you must use the glasses in the case. One side is so dark you can barely see thru the lens. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Having played many versions of electronic Solitaire, I found this version to be very user-friendly and enjoyable. I would definately recommend this app.
B0035WTJFW|1.0|This is, by far, the worst picture quality I have ever seen, even for VHS.  Yes, I said VHS.  Maybe they lost the original film and actually had to use a VHS tape to copy to Blu-ray?  This conclusion also includes the DVD version.  I thought upgrading to Blu-ray would improve the picture. It only emphasized the faults.  The studio should be ashamed to release this movie in this condition.  If you are a videophile, I would pass on this one.  Too bad, it was a fair sci-fi movie.
B002TLSSXO|4.0|I ordered these just because I liked the colors.  When they came, I was pleased that they were as functional as they were cute.  You will of course need to keep a few wooden spoons around but these do a super job.  Bought them for decoration but use them every day.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|I got these for Christmas and I love them.  I been a headset gamer for a long time and i only bought cheap ones since I have kids.  I been looking for a good pair for some time. I tested headsets and read a lot of reviews, so when i got these one I was scared about the \\"hissing\\" and \\"tinny sound\\".  I tested a pair of px11 and px21 at Best Buy and they both did sound tinny.  I was relieved when all I had to do to fix this was turn the bass up some.  Best Buy must of had the bass all the way down. When I set them up there was hissing. All I did to fix it was change to mic level to 2 (in the audio settings) and lowered the mic level (on the headset).  The only thing I wish was better is the dials, They turn real easy.  I know I haven't had these long enough too write a review but i saw too many \\"hissing\\" reviews and wanted too say how i was able fix it.
0756404738|5.0|I am already a huge Rothfuss fan! He's an excellent writer who manages to keep you enthralled despite the fact that his books consist of short stories about the main character's life. Though the segments are only loosely connected, it still feels like  a single story which, in the big picture, it is. It's the story of Qvoth's life. Looking forward to the next one and hoping it's not several years this time.
B000FA57US|5.0|Received dvd in great condition and it was on time. If you have 1, 2, &4...you must have 5 :) cheesy but awesome!
B0063IH60K|4.0|very easy to use. hints are available if needed. usually for me to learn when there are 'no useful moves'.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Omg! My sisters are all over this. An American idol that supports an American legend, thanks Kelly!! Love her music and look forward to passing the word big time..
1451648537|5.0|I purchased this book as a gift for my father. He was extremely pleased to receive this gift, and I have to say, I can't wait for him to finish it so I can borrow it.  It was hard for me to wrap because I started reading some of it and didn't want to put it down.
B0064NTZJO|1.0|Ok I don't see whats so great about this movie. Its like they didn't have a script for it. You kind of have to figure out whats going on because there is hardly any communication with the relationships in this movie. I was expecting alot more from Gosling. Seems like a low budget film with no story at all. LONG BORING MOVIE WITH NO SCRIPT WITH CREEPY BORING AMBIENCE. WASTE OF TIME!! I don't see what everyone is raving about.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|But once I heard you support Dr. Paul, I just wish I can talk to you more.  Anyone that supports freedom and peace deserves a place in my heart.  I hope that you have nothing but the best.  I will be a fan for life.  Thank you Kelly!!!!  ***And by the way, I bought 2 albums today*** Ron Paul 2012!!
B002JOW2CO|1.0|She has sex, numerous times with a 16 year old boy.  I really couldn't get past that and into the book. If  there was a 20-something male lead having sex with a 16 year old girl the book would not be critically acclaimed. It would be banned.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I am new to the Kindle Fire and this is the first app I installed. I am quite happy with the Solitaire app since this is one of my favorite games. It plays well and I have been able to win a reasonable amount of games.
B001DXS4E2|5.0|You will love this colorized version of \\"Holiday Inn\\".  It is great to watch a movie that brings back such memories of when I was growing up.  I highly recommend this movie!
B005HSL626|5.0|I love it. it is awesome I think it is worth a doller I think it is the best game in the world
B0063IH60K|5.0|this app is totally awesome and so fun to play!!! i can't believe it's free. would definitely recommend it to solitaire lovers
B004SJ3BCI|4.0|I love it but it needs more levels I like all of the other levels but it needs new levels it is geting old just playing the same levels pleas fix it!!!!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|first app I download on any device! seemless and simple, I love using this app. hard to imagine how a Bible app could be better.
B006CA9ANK|5.0|I can't believe I didn't know this was released over two months ago!  I just downloaded today and can't stop listening.
B0058RCVYS|5.0|I usually don't like foreign films because I obviously don't understand them and it's quite difficult to get into the story line when you are trying to read the words. I have to say this movie was a great movie, my favorite part was the storyline. It actually made sense and was deep. Totally enjoyed it!
B0063GORYU|5.0|cool good nice easy perfect interesting excellent outstanding and absolutelly free game for all ages. try it today. I mean it.
B000I9TXK6|5.0|I'm not a big fan of homosexual films. Usually they are very flashy and the men or women in the films are either very butchy or very feminine (men)it was not about the physical (how it currently is) it was about the emotional torment they went through.. (let me say my review is not to offend anyone)<br />the reason I bring this up is because the movie is based on how it USED to be in the old days when homosexuality was not accepted so seeing them love each other so much regardless of the lives they were supposed to be living. I can tell you that the ending definitely made me cry.
B0001VV1GK|5.0|I was a little hesitant to purchase this after some reviews, but am so glad I did.  It is very well made and very easy to use - both my 2 year old and 8 year old love it.  My 2 year old has no problem using the elevator or any of the other features.  It adds a lot to the road system which we also got, but my 2 year old easily will play with this by itself as well.  The cars move extremely easily.  Easily a toy we will hold onto for our grandchildren as well as our children.
B005GK6QSO|5.0|Me and my wife a big fans of Circus Maximus.  We met them twice at the Prog Power in Atlanta and not only do they make great music, but they sounds amazing live and are really nice guys.  Michael is a phenomenal singer and when I saw this I bought it without a thought.  When I heard the style of music I got a little worried as it seems to tend toward the cheesy syrupy side of 80s Rock/Metal.  Some songs sound like they are right of Whitesnake and Europe CDs.  However as I listened I just could not stop liking every song.  The CD was over before I knew it.  Not only is the singing superb and seems to fit this style of metal/rock perfectly, but the backing musicians are really quite good.  My wife really likes this one.  If you like happy/cheesy music, this is one you need.  If you like great singing and music and can at least stand this style of music, you will be surprised how much it grows on you.  I can't wait for the new long overdue Circus Maximus.
B0063GORYU|5.0|Great app, always is a good challenge. I recommend this to anyone who loves cards games. Worth every penny, I play it all the time.
0439023521|3.0|I enjoyed the series. I felt like Katniss was well fleshed out and her actions generally made sense within her personality and circumstances. In fact the characters in general were well fleshed out.   My main problem with the book is how easy to manipulate everyone who wasn't an actual character was (the citizens of the Capital, and of the rest of the districts for that matter). It's hard to believe that everyone would behave so very callously, without more open dissent showing.  Especially since the citizens of the Capital are supposed to value children - is it really believable that if that was the case, that these parents would be salivating watching other children fight to the death? And that more of the children themselves wouldn't choose to sacrifice themselves for family members/beaus? We can be a heartless race, but less so when it comes to our own friends and family.  The problem with totally buying into the way that this society and its members work is that if I did, I stopped wanting to save any of them. Thankfully, since the actual characters themselves were nuanced some of that could be ignored.   Also, is it just me, or did it seem like she was always hunting really successfully, eating seemingly huge meals (multiple geese, rabbits, deer, etc.), and yet constantly starving and losing weight? I mean, she went a day here or there without eating but in general she brought something in just about every time she hunted, including some fairly large animals. How fast is her metabolism?? I mean, if you compare her consumption with that of actual starving people she should be practically obese.
B005HSL626|5.0|this app is very fun and doesn't have violent objects. we love playing it!it also makes fruit fun and eating it too
B001EAWMGA|5.0|Very good story.  The video is extremely gory and not for everyone.  Some things are better to be read about and not actually viewed.
B0063GORYU|4.0|I enjoy most Solitaire games, and this one is no exception. Quick action and challenging deals! Any Solitaire fan should enjoy this fun game.
B002SJIO5E|5.0|This movie was awesome I injuyed it and I think others will to. If you don't laghf at the pig gun I dont know what will make you laghf.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I like this game a lot. it is so relaxing. I play it nearly every day. I play it for hours
B002VPE1B6|5.0|This movie was awesome high quality in all points.  Note: make sure to change tv quality to right spex for best enjoyment.
B0055SWM08|5.0|A really great app to sit back and relax with. I loved the details of the game. I also really like the motions used and the way it makes you think outside the box. simple yet challenging. I recommend this game!
B0063IH60K|5.0|love that you can jump from different deal without losing your game.keeps me entertained when I am out and about
B005K17RU0|4.0|works well on kindle fire! like the weather on the task bar! well done! seems accurate and keeps you informed.
B006JPS1OM|5.0|This game really gives seek and find a new twist. I wasn't really sure what the other reviews meant until I played it. It's mystery, detective work and a tiny bit of CSI all rolled into one. The best thing is that it's relaxing without being boring. Try it. You won't regret it. It is by far one of the best free apps I've seen. I'll probably buy the game once I beat this.
B004EBT5CU|5.0|Asked for this for Xmas, basically because I'd heard \\"Rolling\\" repeatedly on a fuzzy car-radio driving the US west, and \\"Someone Like You\\" on an equally-crummy transistor while in Yosemite last year. Skeptical, because I've bought more than my share since the 80's on and got burned on one good song...  Got home and heard most of this on CD on proper 'phones--I am for once speechless.   The sound for one is simply incredible. Nothing in the way of the listener and the message. Amy Winehouse--to which Adele is often compared--is ultimately Pepsi to Adele's Classic Coke. \\"Rolling in the Deep\\" is truly the Real thing.   I've cautiously dug Adele since \\"Chasing Pavements\\" but feared, in typical shallow Yank fashion, she was simply too obese to make it in the States. Boy was I wrong. Great voice beats a plump face anytime, even here. My Mum saw me open the Amazon package and said, \\"Oh, is that the one supposed to be so good ?\\" And of course it was--turned it up on the 'phones, held it out and she said, \\"Oh, yes, it is good.\\" And my Mum generally doesn't like music. So for this to grab her is, for me, a pretty big deal.  All the reviews dig this, and guess why ? 500+ people taking the time to write about, after all, only a record album is, these days, a damn big deal. Just buy it, and dig in. If newest single \\"Fire to the Rain\\" doesn't grab you, too bad.  Just buy it. You'll wonder why you didn't before.  Five stars ***** And a sixth for not suckering me with one good song.  Just get it !!
B005IU1OMA|5.0|I just got this as a xmas present from my gf and its way better than expected. Im a photographer and I can tell you that this is some of the best footage I´ve seen, the cameras that this guys use to film and the conditions where they use em are incredible ... i enjoyed every minute of it. Highly recommended
0811836363|4.0|This book is a treasure for die-hard Beatle fans as well as anyone interested in rock n roll. The format of the book where each  group member comments on  different subjects from their early experiences in post-war Liverpool playing in the \\"bombies\\", the bombed put areas around the city to their first impressions of the U.S. works well. The reader gets a sense of the love and comradarie that helped them to become successful. The picture are great altho I found it cumbersome to keep looking back at the index since their are no captions on the pictures. It's the only criticism I have of an otherwise fine book.
B0052UZIFA|5.0|Works great on the nook tablet!  Installed via Amazon App Store.  Little pixelly, but still a great game!<br /><br />Update: Nook update killed Amazon Appstore side-loading.  Still, regardless of the device you're using, this is a great game.  Unfortunately, it loses purpose once you finish Adventure Mode.  You can still save up coins to buy things from the truck, but there's really no good place to use them.
0307959856|5.0|Only three stars?? Come on, folks! I didn't pick this book up to read a new book by Jane Austen; certainly that would be an impossibility. And I've never been fond of all the many attempts to recreate Jane Austen in the form of a murder mystery. In fact, I was surprised to see that P.D. James had chosen Austen as an inspiration for her novel. But I decided to read it because I wanted to see how she would approach it. And I was not disappointed. This book seems to me a marriage of Jane Austen's times with P.D. James' inimitable ability to write the perfect English detective novel. I could feel her enjoyment in the writing of it, and mine in the reading! To me, it is James' voice that prevails here, and I am glad of that--she is too good an author to want to read \\"somebody else\\" in a book written by her. Yet her evocation of the times and manners of the very early 19th century are beautiful. Please, don't be put off by some of the reviews here--give this book a chance, and you might enjoy it as much as I have.
B0063GORYU|5.0|This version is easy to play.  Moves are fast.  This is one of my favorite solitaire games and this one allows you just touch for each move instead of dragging the cards.  I love it!
B0063IH60K|5.0|This app is awesome! I use it all the time to pass the time. Have it on my Iphone and Kindle.
B004LWZW8I|5.0|I would be first in line if there were a sequel, that's how much i liked this film. Eveything about it is 4 to 5 star. From acting to dialogue to special effects nothing is lacking. Not  a literal copy of the original story / myth the plot still is excellent. The Greek Gods never  were but always are.....All men's souls are immortal, but the souls of the righteous are immortal and divine - Socrates....This film shows why.
1416972250|5.0|it was shipped very quickly and it is in perfect condition. i personally can't wait to read this novel it's so amazing!!!
B004LWZWBU|5.0|I am a big Steve Martin fan and I think this ranks up with Planes Trains and Automobiles and that is saying something.
B006JPS1OM|4.0|enjoy playing this game. good for age ten and up. feels like you are part of a. CSI team in a. iv city.
B00006EXCC|5.0|This is a great album of music with lots of Stones blues influences in attendance.  I hadn't heard this in many years, having the vinyl stored in a box in the garage.  I like the UK version better than the US release.  It's worth the price just for \\"Going Home.\\"  It is even more interesting to listen to this CD after reading Keith Richards' autobiography.  I think it one of the best albums the Stones made.
B006GECE9Y|5.0|the title says it all. it's fast, and the drawing shortcuts are so awesome. download this now, it's worth waaaaay more than the free price. it's the best mobile browser that i've ever used.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Thanks Kelly.  Your music and Ron Paul rock!!!  Don't let the few who don't understand get you down.  Thanks again.
B0063IH60K|4.0|This game surpassed my expectations for a free app. You have to skip an advertisement each time you reset the game but it's a minor inconvenience. Works well on my Kindle Fire.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|I am in love with this book, better then the movie.This is th eultimate love story, great plot. The characters are written beautifully. I could not put the book down
1593157134|5.0|I really enjoyed Darren's book and have put some examples of what is written in the book into action, most recently losing 115 pounds all naturally!  Though I started on my weight loss journey prior to reading the \\"Compound Effect\\", my experiences resemble much of what is written about by Darren in the book.  By not making excuses and putting small steps into action I went from a 300 pound diabetic with high blood pressure, high cholesterol and many other health realted issues to a 185 pound healthy man with zero health issues at 46 years old in a little over a year!  The principles in the \\"Compound Effect\\" work it's simply a matter of putting them into practice and taking action.  Very good read and I'm living proof the concept works!
B000G8NXYG|5.0|Some say Citizen Kane is the most important movie ever made, but Seven Samurai has had more influence on cinema than any other movie.
B004LOMB2Q|5.0|I use this for everything. Notes, projects, to dos, shopping lists and a lot more. Hands down favorite app. Have it on my droid phone, kindle fire and Mac. All work flawlessly.
0684857219|4.0|I read all the one star reviews before purchasing this book as a gift for my brother and one for myself.  Anybody that thinks that you need to take steroids to do the workouts included in this is CRAZY!!!!!! Obviously if you weigh 100lbs soaking wet and couldn't put on muscle if you worked out for 1000000000 years no book will ever help you.  Granted if you are not into body building that much working out six days a week is to much for most people, including me.  Saying this the book is pretty good, I have lifted weights on and off since high school and I had already done most of these exercises at one time or another during my workouts. This book reconfirmed many things I had learned on my own.  Great info on the exercises and how they will shape your body! This is why I wanted this book mainly and it was exactly what I wanted in an easy format to look up.  If you have ever been to a gym and seen people who look ridiculous they need this book.  If you know what your doing but just want a good read and some new ideas its great.  I never got into bodybuilding but if I do, I would use this book as a template to my training.  The other book suggestions that people say are 'better' on the 1 star posts are meant for people just trying to get into shape not bodybuilders. DUH!!!!!  All the steroid comments, COME ON!!!! He took them and we all know it.  To everybody saying you need to be juiced for this book to work: Get real people even with steroids you wouldn't be able to do these workouts. Don't fool yourselves.    Any comments let me know!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Media attacks on Clarkson for supporting Ron Paul are shameful.  I bought the CD as a gift for my daughter, and also to support Clarkson's freedom of speech.
B004H1V5RU|5.0|This is very challenging and fun toy!  My daughter (and the entire family) loves it! A fun toy to bring out at family parties!
B000L3CHC0|4.0|I bought this watch to replace a 14 years old Citizen Ecodrive and after looking at new Citizen models i didnt really like any of them. Then i saw this PRC 200 at the mall, and it was love at first sight :)Back at home i searched for a better price online (it was 550$ CAN at the store), and saw it here at 335$ (price is lower now)so i ordered it. I am a bit disapointed that after shipping and customs , the final cost was 440$...customs alone was 62$!! I still got a better deal than buying it locally(Montreal, Qc)  The watch is beautiful, easy to set up and i love it.  Pros:  - looks like it costs a lot more  - keeps time very well  - size is perfect for me  Cons:  - hands not glowing enough in the dark  - not sure about the cost of changing battery,has to be pressurized?
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I thought there was a touch of new sound, and I loved it. Keep it up Kelly, we love ya!
B004ZJZQ5G|5.0|The blu-ray adds incredible views and visuals to this classic movie. This was an easy choice for a Christmas present this year for my wife - one of her all-time favorites with new clarity!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|This excellent musician has a lot to show for in this album, she carries a tune very well and inspires the heart. I also like her honesty and boldness for her openess to share her personal and political views. This is definately a good buy. Buy some for a late Christmas gift or Three Kings Day. Heck, don't wait for a reason!
1451627289|5.0|I was in fifth grade, in class, in a middle-class Catholic school when Kennedy was shot. A weeping nun (a first) made the announcement and fifty or so of my bewildered grade-school classmates and I were sent home to our weeping mothers/grandmothers/caretakers. Life came to a complete stop and for the first time, our TV stayed on - even during meals. We caught the iconic moments now memorialized in pictures,live: the bloody pink suit, Jackie's dignity and grace, John-John saluting, the riderless horse, the eternal flame, and after, the absurd image of LBJ's saddle being loaded into the White House (this anti-Camelot image still bothers me).   King's book brings these memories back but the story does not wallow in the tragedy. Rather, it questions what would happen if we could take it back. One man is given that chance and takes it. Along the way (and it is the \\"along the way\\" that is the heart of the story) he faces many choices and finds himself more alive in the past than he ever was in his present.   I could not put the book down. Not only did I need to know if he saved Kennedy, I needed to know what happened to his relationships. However, if you think any of the answers are simple - as in man saves Kennedy and everyone lives happily ever after - you haven't read King before.   I can't say more without giving away too much of the plot but I will say that up until the last few pages, I wasn't sure how the story was going to end. I will say this: I loved the ending. I sat and stared at the last paragraph, then nodded. Perfect. Thanks Mr. King. Great book.
B000MV8XPG|5.0|My 2 Year old grandson loves it. Has not got off of it since Christmas. Very durable and well built.
B005J29HCQ|3.0|I know there are some who think there are a lot of songs on here that are castoffs but I disagree. I actually do like the album and I think it is a great album. The only reason that I've rated it only 3 stars is because the big time songs like Good Vibrations and Heroes and Villains were released and have been heard a million times.  Many of the others were leaked along the way.  But the big problem for me is that I've seen Brian Wilson solo with his backup group The Wondermints and they released Smile a couple of years ago. Brian's voice isn't quite as good but to be frank, the harmony by the Wondermints is as good, if not better, than the original Beach Boys. So for me, this cd was not unique enough any longer. I think it would have been great had it been released 5 years ago and instead of the solo version.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is great because you can play so many games and you can get it for free. Its so cool!!!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I honestly have never been familiar with your music, but I figured that any artist who has the brains and courage to buck the \\"opinion makers\\" in the mainstream media by supporting liberty must have something worthwhile to say in her art.  And you do.  So I bought your CD! Good luck to you.
B003L77GHE|3.0|Season 2 of the Vampire Diaries is awesome! The only reason for 3/5 stars is because some scenes are not filmed in high definition and appear very fuzzy in bluray. Sound is great, only have a problem with the picture. I have tried it with different TVs, different HDMI cables, and different bluray players. It's definitely from the discs. I wish it were better quality since I opted for the blurays over the DVDs. The first season blurays I bought were better quality. I will be buying the Vampire Diaries in DVD format from now on.
B0063IH60K|4.0|I like to have some games that are lightly challenging for wait times like appointments.  This Solitaire is perfect.  It flows quickly and allows you to change plays.  I also have it on my iphone, and the Kindle display works even better.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Excellent solitaire game, the only improvement would be to be able to enlarge the size of the cards on my android. :-)
B0056BU3I2|2.0|I don't know why so many people like this movie.Sure it had cool cars but that alone doesn't make it a good movie.I thought it was boring.I usually like Dwayne Johnson but I just didn't like him in this movie.I didn't really care for any of the characters except for Han.He's the only reason I gave this movie 2 stars instead of 1.Maybe If I was a guy or if I was into racing,I would've like it better.This movie was to long and I was glad when it was over.
B001AVCFK6|5.0|At first I was worried about the potential damage a reboot could have on the franchise. The writers and actors did an amazing job. I will not highlight anything in particular as I do not believe in spoilers, I just highly recommend it. The packaging itself is basic yet holds true for Trek fans.
B00004YRQA|3.0|me llego el producto en buen estado todo gracias por confiar en ustedes lo estoy usando no me ha dado ningun problema espero comprarles algo pronto
1419702238|5.0|THis book was shipped fast and in great condition. My 10 year old just loves all the wimpy kid books!
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|I really didn't expect to enjoy 'Angry Birds' but I love it! The sounds just make me laugh, and it really is FUN to knock over the structures.
B006C45CFG|3.0|It was fun to watch and all, but i kinda wish it had been filmed in black and white. and 3d! (if that's possible.)
B006O5Y0SS|1.0|This was a terrible movie.  Badly written and acting wasnt much better(except for Ms McAdams, who is perfect). Once of the worst I have seen in a while.
0307593312|1.0|I tried. I really did. But after a while, picking up this book began to feel like a bad homework assignment. It's a slog to read, and I have given up. I don't have to turn in this assignment (although I did have to pay full retail for it).  The sexual content is particularly irritating and poorly written. These passages feel like they've been penned by a 13-year-old boy. Think anti-eroticism. He's obsessed with lesbian sex, group sex, breasts, breasts under sweaters, the lovely shape of breasts, strange men and his mother's breasts (mentioned approximately one hundred times in the text), etc.  From Matt Thorne's review in The Telegraph: \\"I couldn't help thinking that there was a masturbatory quality to this book, as well as an unpleasant use of incest and child abuse to drive the plot.\\"  (Also: \\"...after 900 pages of crepuscular sex scenes alternated with sentimental thoughts about adolescent sexuality, the novel...no longer seems a guilty pleasure but instead a tremendous waste of the reader's time.\\" Ugh.)  See the review at New York Times.
B005R32L66|3.0|i install the skype and its telling me it suddenly stop working. can you please up date and fix the problem.
B000V5ZIMY|3.0|Ferengi on the station.  More specifically, this episode is about their leader, the Nagus. (Come on, really?) I'm much more into the story of DS9 than the leader of the alien fools of the galaxy.  I mean, we learn some disgusting Ferengi customs, but the plot really doesn't have much to do with the Star Trek: Deep Space 9 story arc (except that there are so many Ferengi episodes we have to endure later in the series).  I'm kinda over it after a view or 2.  Pro: the acting was kinda good. And somewhat important to one of the subplots of DS9 (Nog - first Ferengi in Starfleet) 3.4/5 stars.  It's still Trek, but not the best episode.  ~Keep On Trekkin'
B0063IH60K|4.0|i really enjoyed  playing this game.  good way to wind down after a ling day at work.  first time on a kindle.
B0058EBNAO|5.0|I absolutely love this app. The screens are awesome and easy to read just about everything is customizable and I love that I can even customize the status bar notifications. I was using the updates every hour but it was draining my battery so I use a less frequent update schedule and manual update as needed. This is definitely the only weather app you will ever need! Also I was having issues with the app and the developers helped me quickly and were great about it. Thank you Elecont!!
0307891372|5.0|WOW. This book is the most detailed, articulate, beautiful Game Guide I have ever seen.  It has made playing Skyrim (on a PC), the most enjoyable single player game I have ever played.  Nothing is left out. Every thing a gamer wants to know about the game is clearly laid out.  650 color pages with a damn fine index, whatever you need help on... it's here.  One of my favorite things is the way it gives you the answers to the frustrating \\"puzzles\\" that are stumbled upon as you complete quests.  I'll try my solution, but when it gets to be nothing but a BIG STOP on my journey, the book gives me the way through.  At the deeply discounted price here on Amazon, EVERY Adventurer should own one.
B004EBZX6W|5.0|I have had nothing but problems with my wireless Internet...one quick lesson with the wifi analyzer and WOW!! I was able to find the network with the strongest signal and the least traffic. It even helped us set up static ips for our home office, while EASILY showing us the available and strongest channels!!! I wish I would have known about this sooner!!! LOVE!! Would give more than 5 stars if I could!!!!
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|This cover is protective and thin. It does not add weight to the Kindle Fire. It stands up by itself without falling down when I touch the screen.
B005F3XV7Q|5.0|Item arrived as described and in perfect condition. Great movie and Kevin James is always a pleaser. Wooluld def do business with again. Thanks.
B003L77G06|4.0|The packaging was intact and the product seemed to be good quality. This Christmas gift was a huge hit!  We started watching it as soon as it was opened.
B0060ZJ7BC|5.0|Baseball is such a great American game and this movie really takes an interesting look at a behind the scenes scenario revolving around Billy Beane's Oakland Athletics during the 2002 season.  Brad Pitt, like all his movies, does a fantastic job in Money Ball.  He is funny, intense, and charismatic throughout the entire movie.  He really does a great job at depicting Billy Beane the general manager for a big league club, and Billy Beane the person.  He displays his renagade approach to dealing with authority and the adverse situation he was forced into.  Jonah Hill plays Peter Brand, Beane's right hand man and Yale economist who is good with numbers, especially pertaining to baseball statistics.  This is definitely the best role I have seen him in.   Basically, Pitts character and Jonah Hills character team up to find players who are cheap and who score runs.  The upcoming season features a roster where all the A's players leave to big market clubs and Beane has a small budget to work with.  Brand's keen mathmatical mind is what they rely on to choose their players.  They both team up to accomplish the ultimate goal: to win the World Series.  Obviously, most baseball fans know what happened on the field.  But this movies takes a different approach and examines what went on behind the closed doors.  It was fabulously acted and featured a great cast who all do an excellent job at telling this true story.  It is an inspirational movie with funny parts and rather dismal and serious scenes.  This movies has it all and is a must own for any sports fan or fan of sports movies.  In my opinion, this is right up there with \\"For the Love of the Game\\" and \\"The Rookie.\\"  Definitely check out this truly original and classic film.
0553108034|1.0|This item was due on December 13th, and currently it is December 30, and I am still waiting. The saddest part is that I bought this book hoping to give it as a present, but now that is no longer a possibility.
B005J29HCQ|5.0|Sure, it's been about 47 years since the Beach Boys recorded and promised us \\"Smile\\", yet it's been well-worth the wait!  As a young Beach Boys fan, it's great to have a new album released by one of my favorite groups--but this is no compilation or remix.  Smile is a complete album, with a bevy of bonus tracks and extra material, that's sure to win over anyone's hearts to the genius of the Beach Boys.  The only downside is the thought that this music has existed since 1968, making one almost want to cry out to the heavens, \\"Why wasn't this ever released before?!\\"  \\"Smile\\" ought to rank up there with other musical masterpieces of the psychedlic era, such as the Beatles' \\"Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band,\\" Jefferson Airplane's \\"Surrealistic Pillow\\", the Zombies' \\"Odessy and Oracle\\", etc.  Yet, it isn't just something trippy to listen to, it's really more of a rock symphony in several parts.  For example, the Beach Boys' \\"Heros and Villains\\" forms a sort of a leitmotif for half the album, with songs becoming variations on the basic sound of the original song.  All in all, if you liked the Beach Boys' \\"Pet Sounds\\", you'll probably like \\"Smile\\"; if you just want their surf hits, try \\"Sounds of Summer\\" instead.
1577314808|5.0|I have been on a path of change for a while, and this book was for me an eye opener.   The Power of Now talks about a very simple idea, to stop leaving inside our heads, and start leaving the world, making each moment count.   When I explain this book to my friends I tell them: We are constantly thinking, specially I was like that. We think about past things good and bad, and we think about future things. We play situations that have happen over and over, or play situations that will happen.   Have you ever had the feeling of getting somewhere and not remembering what happen in between?   If you think about it, the past does not exist because it already happen, you cant change it anymore, so YES you should understand it but not re-live it over and over again. The futuro doesn't exist either, it will exist at some point but many times we are playing it in our heads, hurting ourselves with worry, sadness, fear before the moment its even there.   This book will teach you some tricks on how to live the Present, the only moment that really does exist, the only moment where you can be a better human being, where you can love, touch and feel. It is actually, the only moment you can make a change in your life.   Most of my friends that I recommended the book love it, but have a problem bringing themselves to the present. I recommend an exercise that I learned from a book called Your Brain at Work (Great book btw). He says your Brain can only process one new thing each time, and it has two processing areas, the Narrative (that is when your mind doesn't stop all day of thinking of all sorts of things non stop) and the Sensorial (which is the feeling of water, sounds, etc). So if you focus yourself on the feeling of the water when you are washing dishes, the sound of the street when you are walking around, the air coming in your face you will shut down your narrative thinking, because both cant happen at the same time. If you train yourself you will be able to do this more andmore easily.   When I first learned this I was addicted to it, doing it several times a day. Then The Power of Now came and told me \\"you can live like this\\". I tough to myself \\"What???\\"  But is possible. To live without thinking, to be more present, to be more in peace. I think this is like happyness, its stillness, and best of all, you can have it now. You dont have to wait for a better job, better salarie, better partner, everyone can have it now.   after reading this, I want to read \\"I am That\\" by Sri Nisargadatta Maharaj, I read it goes even deeper into the same subject
B002N5N5M0|5.0|This is my favorite season of Dexter and it made an amazing gift for my friends who also love the show. Great price and I'm 150% satisfied!
B003L77G6A|5.0|if im looking for something else to  buy i will kakadu first the best customer service other stores could learn from you over I BUY A LOT OF THINGS ON AMAZON BUT NEVER GOT SUCH GREAT SERVICE UNTIL I RAN ACROSS YOU GUYS KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK 100% THE BEST SERVICE
B0035WTJFW|5.0|I rarely purchase movies, and this is one of them.  I like to watch it about once a year.  This film is so entertaining and although it was made about 10 years ago, the special effects are still great.  It has an almost timeless feel to it.  Nice job on this one Spielberg and Cruise!
B0063IH60K|4.0|This game Is great its just like playingbit on a computer or even with a deck of cards it is very nice I play it all the time and its Eben really easy to teach the kids how to play the game very easy to control
1594481717|4.0|Move over left brain, it's now OK for the right brain to take the lead. But don't go away, because we still need you.<br /><br />We are entering in age in which we are in need of people that can see answers to problems that don't even exist yet. We need people who can tell stories, see the big picture, and can feel for what others are going through. We aren't teaching students how to be at peace with themselves, which only leads to a life of inner turmoil.<br /><br />I like that this book touches base on educational choices- unfortunately we are diminishing the artists in students because our normal education system teaches them that being an artists isn't a lucrative option. But, what we aren't teaching our students is that money can't buy you happiness. Being an artist might.<br /><br />This book has many cool points. I like that Pink gives you steps at the end of each section for you to educate yourself a little bit further on that topic.
B005K17RU0|5.0|pretty accurate. I do wish that &quot;real feel&quot; temperature was added to the Hawaii location. Also, monthly temperature averages would be helpful.
1400079144|5.0|I've read all of Dan Brown's books since Angels and Demons. Love them! I rarely read fiction but Brown's short chapters are perfect for nighttime reading. So with the Lost Symbol, I knew what I was getting into: Robert Langdon and a female lead, someone in distress that is facing a gruesome death, and lots of ancient mumbo-jumbo that keeps you in suspense until the last page- you think they've solved it, but WAIT!, there's more...conclude at last page.<br /><br />I love how each one is well researched and reinterpreted for entertainment value. I always find new topics in Dan Brown's books that I want to research. I became interested in Noetic Science and decided to pick up a few books/researched a few sites about the topic because of this book.<br /><br />I believe Dan Brown's books are well written for everyday people. He has a gift of taking complex concepts and simplifying them for everyday people- an undervalued trait in our society. I look forward to the next book!
B005HSG3VK|4.0|This is exactly what I wanted it is thin soft but very hard too. I tend to drop things and so far I love it.  When people were talking about the glue on the sides I was kind of scared but I have no idea what they are talking about maybe they got a diffident kindle case because you can not see any glue on mine my only complaints are that it does not stand up that well but so far it stands up better than any other case I have seen and I don't.love they Color it is more fushia than the light pink I saw. Hope this helps. :)
0316010669|3.0|This was the first Malcolm Gladwell book that I've read. I've seen his TED talk and I've read books by Seth Godin and Daniel Pink. These guys are great at what they do and they have a very simplistic writing style that makes for easy reads.<br /><br />This book is perfect for a short, thought-provoking read. It's made me question snap decisions, though I'm not entirely convinced that they are better than well thought out decisions. However, I do believe that first impressions are real. A sneaky person is still a sneaky person 3 months later. Also, our environment can impact these first impressions.<br /><br />I kept thinking about how environment impacts student learning and interactions at school. Possibly, better snap decisions can be made about poor instructors and disruptive students. A student's environment can also give us better insight into how they learn best and how they interpret content.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Good clean app to play with while waiting for class to start. It's fun and somewhat addictive. I don't like the ads in between games.
1591844096|4.0|I picked up this book when Seth Godin came to my campus (where I work) to speak at an event. The first things I read was his signature and a note that told me to 'Ship'. Though this was a typical Seth Godin book (compact sections compiled together, most likely derived from his daily blog posts), I liked it better than Purple Cow because I felt that it had more of a purpose for me. Being a Linchpin is something everyone can carry into their lives- not just in the workplace. I like how Godin outlines this in the end.<br /><br />Though this book addresses those of us stuck in the cubicle culture (I'm with you!), it got me thinking that a companion book should be created for employers. It is not always easy to be a Linchpin, believe me, I've pushed a few buttons doing so, but my current place of employment has been great about it. I don't think all employers would know how to react to an individual going out of their way to make their workplaces a better place to work. You'd think they would encourage it, though many may do quite the opposite (yeah, I worked there too)because they are frightened that this Linchpin isn't a typical hire, they are doing more than they are told to do, and they are outperforming individuals that make more than them. I left this environment, but it would have been nice to pass off the companion book in my departure.<br /><br />Quick and entertaining read.
B0015HOFZI|4.0|I purchased this item solely to transfer vinyl to digital.  I most likely won't be using it long term.  I spent about 3 hours converting albums last night.  The software included is easy to use. Set up of the turntable is easy as well.  One needs to be a little more than a novice setting up Windows 7, as you have to make a few more adjustments that are not clearly outlined in the instructions to be able to listen to the music while converting.  Can't say that's an included instructions issue or the quirkiness of Windows 7.  All-in-all, I was underway transferring in less than 30 minutes from opening the box.  The stylus arm cannot be locked so be careful when transporting.  The stylus, though, has a small plastic cover to protect it.
B0063IH60K|5.0|app as good as any version of solitaire I've played. good for long waits in the doc or dentist office or road trip.
B00447G29S|5.0|Excellent quality! I purchased an LG 5600 3D LED TV and this is the one 3D movie I purchased for the Holidays. Excellent quality! You won't be disappointed, I promise you.
B0016BPWNM|5.0|The bluray looks amazing and this movie is totally classic. Can you beat the combined forces of George Lucas, David Bowie, and Jim Henson? I think not. Witness Jennifer Connely in her only enjoyable performance.
B004QDCZ3M|5.0|F&tM has really captured a powerful sound with their tribal drumming and her soaring vocals. Don't like every track on here (e.g. I skip \\"Kiss With A First\\" every time). But sublime songs like \\"Howl\\" more than make up for it.
B006QKJZMW|2.0|For all you big fans of [[ASIN:B000EHRVP6 Hostel (Unrated Widescreen Edition)]] and [[ASIN:B000UJ48P4 Hostel: Part II (Unrated Widescreen Edition)]], including myself, you shall be very disappointed in this film.<br /><br />The betting on how people are killed is ludicrous and ruins any chance this film may have had.<br /><br />If the face peeling killing isn't enough for you to turn it off then sit and see how this franchise is put to death.<br /><br />I bet you'll be glad it's now dead.
B0064X7FVE|1.0|What?  No radar?  Another reason why the Kindle Fire feels unpolished and unfinished.  This app rocks on an iphone and frankly sucks on the Fire.
B006C1DH92|4.0|This game really is just fruit ninja dressed up with a few embellishments of a movie tie-in. So, if you like regular fruit ninja, you will like this. Its has a few differences, like, different gameplay modes and a voiceover of Puss in Boots commenting on your play. The only negative that I found is that it takes *forever* to load on my phone (samsung stratosphere) and the gameplay can be ever so slightly jerky when there is a lot on the screen. But its really not the end of the world.
B0013FSL0C|5.0|I love this series I wish I would have discovered a long time ago. So many true aspects to actual therapy and the potential problems that can happen.
B003G4W49C|3.0|Did anyone else try and order this title through their Kindle Fire and just get the title page and every page after just have the title of the book. I also tried to do the sample of this book and got the same thing. I tried another 'Ender's Game' series of book and got the exact same thing. I tried to do another book from a different series and the book came through fine.   Am I the only one or is it a system problem?  Thanks!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Bought her CD - heard some on the radio - it was good, but I don't purchase much 'new stuff,' these days. Too much autotune. Kelley gave a favorable mention for Ron Paul and stole my heart! Support this talent, she knows what it will take to Restore America!
B00000DHR0|5.0|I heard this CD playing at a Christmas Show and immediately had to have!!! I have played this one all through this season and even used it in my Pilates class, the members loved it!!!! Its a keeper!
B006NXIO7O|2.0|Thanks to Luc Besson, the action movie claims some serious cachet in film critic circles. Inventive, soulful and insanely violent, Besson's films (\\"Taken,\\" \\"Leon: The Professional\\") routinely dazzle with their savage poetry.   And then there's \\"Colombiana,\\" essentially a pale retread of his breakout film, \\"La Femme Nikita.\\" In the hands of the hyperbolically named Olivier Megaton, whatever merit may have been in Besson's screenplay flounders in an illogical, poorly executed mess. \\"Colombiana\\" attempts to tell the story of Cataleya Restrepo (played as an adult by \\"Avatar's\\" Zoe Saldana), who sees her loving, selfless parents murdered before her young eyes in Bogota. That her saint-like father was a high-ranking cartel member is glossed over. Deep down, he was really a good guy.   A foolish henchman (Jordi Malla) fails to kill Cataleya, and she escapes a score of bad guys to get to the U.S. Embassy, which whisks her to America thanks to the cartel-intel she literally coughs up. Upon arrival, Cataleya outwits the entire American intelligence apparatus and reunites with her extended family in Chicago.   Logic, already strained beyond limit, now takes an official siesta. Even though he's grieving of the murder of his gangbanging son, Cataleya's uncle smoothly agrees to train her as an assassin (something which he forgets later on when he says, \\"I never wanted this life for you\\"). To help her think like a killer, he enrolls her in ... prep school. This must be one unusual institution, as Cataleya grows up to be a lethal assassin, gifted with a preternatural ability to predict the movements of unseen police and security guards down to the microsecond.   Long story short, there is only one reason to watch this movie, and it's Zoe Saldana. As lithe as a gymnast and as gorgeous as a supermodel, she's downright enchanting. \\"Colombiana's\\" best scenes show her smoothly gliding in and out of air vents and around bumbling cops. She moves with such grace and purpose that you trulybelieve she is a master killer.   Due to a wooden script, Saldana is forced to convey all the pain and anguish of a child avenging the murder of her parents with her eyes rather than any great dialogue. Megaton surrounds Cataleya with cardboard characters and clichéd scenes. Her artist boyfriend (Michael Vartan) has the depth of shelf paper, and the villains are even lighter weight. The brilliant FBI agent (Lennie James) tracking Cataleya cannot figure out what kind of flower she draws on her victims, but a janitor identifies it in two seconds. Perhaps the worst sin Megaton commits comes in a late action piece where Cataleya goes fist-to-fist with a top villain. The action scene is so poorly staged and spliced that the thrill meter drops to zero when it should be at eleven.  Saldana has the \\"it\\" to be a great action star. But with another forgettable project like this she might actually be in some real danger. The \\"Colombiana\\" DVD includes two making-of documentaries of negligible interest.  Review originally published on MyDVDInsider.com.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|GREAT remote controller of your desktop PC. VERY easy to set up. Very fast and responsive.  All the controls and functions*. I've tried freebie apps (including TeamViewer) and they lag, the controls aren't near as intuitive and functional*, & are harder to set up.    *Controls & Functions - example - you tap the screen where you want your mouse to be, and it's there.  You tap again, and it clicks. Just what you'd expect. Other apps don't do that.  With Splashtop, I have my PC in my pocket. I went to another office without my laptop, but was able to quickly pull up some files I'd left behind on my Galaxy Tab - a life saver!  You *can* even run 3D games like WoW. It gets a little laggy/drops framerate, but it is possible if you aren't expecting too much.  Take the free trial.  Get your PC all set ahead of time, and then go for it.
B005HXGEDC|5.0|I thought New Blood would be boring...   Same songs he's already recorded a million times, no backing band, orchestra... and I must add that I have not liked Scratch My Back that much... But, to my own surprise, I loved the album!!!   The arrangements are stunnig. Of course it won't get a lot of play, since I've heard the songs so many times before, but I'm sure I'll be coming back to it from time to time, so beautiful it is. I think New Blood is an unexpected winner.   p.s.: I haven't seen the Blu-Ray/DVD yet, but I'm sure I'll buy the 3D combo soon (soon after I buy a 3D TV).
B0058VW36U|5.0|Cute, fun, gameplay is intuitive and has lots of variety.  Highly recommend. The little critter and his sounds really add to the experience.
B004LOMB2Q|4.0|use this app more than any other. excellent. premium price way too high. would buy if cheaper. I use the free version on my desktop, laptop, smartphone, tablet, and kindle fire.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Bought this to show support for a singer that actually has a brain in her head and can think for herself.  Go to infowars.com Kelly.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Listening to the previews and the songs on the radio, I think this singer has talent.  No doubt her iron strong set of ethics reflects her genuine grace.
1419702238|5.0|This review reflects the opinion of my 12 year old son that has read the entire series starting from the first book.  This release was in line with the rest, holding his interest to finish the book in only two days.
0545265355|5.0|#1 excellent deal. $37+ in stores<br /><br />#2 an amazing story!!! I could not stop reading!!<br /><br />#3 great for men and women to read!
B005PYZG6E|4.0|Built well, works well, easy to use (takes a little practice, thats all). I'll make comments on the previous reviews...It's NOT too heavy...if this device is heavy for you then start lifting some weights and get some strength (wimp). If you spend $600 then expect the device to spin around a 100X. It has enough movement to provide smooth video. I ran around the house with it and it was beautiful everything I ever wanted for only $65 bucks!!! For those who cant operate it out of the box...get co-ordination or learn to walk/run ....it's easy easy easy easy......Before I was going to purchase this product some of the reviews scared me...I took the chance and was very glad...Works well with my canon xa10 and my tiny powershot s95....jb
B003Y5H4SY|5.0|This Blu-ray movie arrived on time and in perfect condition. It is a great film for those who enjoy psychological thrillers.
B0064NTZKI|5.0|I admire Woody Allen as a man of many talents, a writer, comedian, musician and filmmaker.  His best films have everything I look for in a comedy (or dramedy, he is especially good in making them) - brilliance, wit, clever writing, hilarious and sinister twist in the plot, amazing performances, authentic feel of the era and great musical score. I admire his respect for the audience: \\"I never write down to them. I always assume that they're all as smart as I am... if not smarter.\\"<br /><br />For someone who has been a fan of Allen's works for many years  and seen every movie  he was a part of, whether as a writer/ director, star or all of the above,  Woody Allen: A Documentary  is the next best thing to watching Allen's films. I was entertained, learned something new about my favorite film-maker, and once again was fascinated with his productive and unique career that has spanned over six decades. The DVDs with Allen's films don't usually include a lot of bonus materials, such as making of behind the scenes;  so, watching the documentary filled with the clips from many Allen's films and  listening to the interviews with  the stars have  added to better understanding of the man behind 40 + films  many of which belong to the best  ever made.<br /><br />Allen is known as a multi-talented artist - the stand-up comedian, musician, actor and, of course, a film director. But the documentary confirmed what I've assumed already - that he considers himself primarily a writer who has been writing for a living since he was 15 and started composing the jokes and one-liners for a local paper making $75 a week - not bad for a teenager back in the 1950s.  At the age of 19, he started writing scripts for the most popular television shows of the time. Allen has authored the Broadway plays, the books of prose and non-fiction, and the scripts to every movie he ever made for which he has been awarded 14 Oscar nominations in the category Best Original Screenplay, more than any film-maker ever.  I was genially moved when Woody confessed that all these years he's been using the old typewriter Olympia and he is not going to change it for one of latest and fastest computers with the useful word processing programs. He proudly announced that he is a very fast typist.<br /><br />For two evenings, in two parts of the documentary, each 1,5 hours long, Allen himself, his younger sister-producer Letty Aronson, his friends, business associates, and the famous, respectable and talented members of the prestigious \\"I've acted in Allen's film(s)\\" actors, gave the grateful audiences the insight into the phenomenon called Woody Allen, his persona, his works, his unique place in the cultural life of America, his origins, influences, his Muses, and his work ethics. Allen came out in the interviews which are more valuable because they are rare as a moving, deprecated, very clever, funny and charming person. I know many would not share my opinion but I am a loyal fan, and the documentary was made for people like me. If you have problems with the certain facts from Allen's biography you should spend three hours with something else.<br /><br />Watching the documentary, I was happy to learn that Allen has good genes :) - his father lived to be 100 and his mother died when she was 96 - big chance that Woody would keep writing/directing for many years to come and never lose his wit, sense of humor and incredible talent and lust for life. What is 76 for him? Just a small number. He makes me a happy viewer, always has and I wish him long years of happy and productive life.y moved when Woody confessed that all these years he's been using the old typewriter Olympia and he is not going to change it for one of latest and fastest computers with the useful word processing programs. He proudly announced that he is a very fast typist.  For two evenings, in two parts of the documentary, each 1,5 hours long, Allen himself, his younger sister-producer Letty Aronson, his friends, business associates, and the famous, respectable and talented members of the prestigious \\"I've acted in Allen's film(s)\\" actors, gave the grateful audiences the insight into the phenomenon called Woody Allen, his persona, his works, his unique place in the cultural life of America, his origins, influences, his Muses, and his work ethics. Allen came out in the interviews which are more valuable because they are rare as a moving, deprecated, very clever, funny and charming person. I know many would not share my opinion but I am a loyal fan, and the documentary was made for people like me. If you have problems with the certain facts from Allen's biography you should spend three hours with something else.  Watching the documentary, I was happy to learn that Allen has good genes :) - his father lived to be 100 and his mother died when she was 96 - big chance that Woody would keep writing/directing for many years to come and never lose his wit, sense of humor and incredible talent and lust for life. What is 76 for him? Just a small number. He makes me a happy viewer, always has and I wish him long years of happy and productive life.
B005MIYI3K|4.0|I'll give Nightwish the benefit of 4 stars instead of 3 (for what I want to give 3.5) since I'm a long time fan (or since they taught us in grade school that the convention is to round up). Upon my first listen, only one or two songs stood out to me as good (I still enjoyed listening to the others, but didn't like the other songs so much individually), and I really found it quite disappointing. I've now listened a couple more times and I'm liking it more. I'm starting to really like Storytime, I Want My Tears Back, Imaginaerum, and Last Ride of the Day somewhat, too. Not interested in whatever's in the 2nd half of Song of Myself.  I won't say it's a great CD, or even near Nightwish's best, or even that I like the direction in which Nightwish is headed. Even though I liked Tarja more, I still like Anette. I really liked Dark Passion Play, maybe even as my favorite Nightwish album. It was a CD I liked listening to straight through, where as the Tarja CDs I would have 3-4 favorites and the other songs I ended up skipping usually.  I'm still a little disappointed in the direction Nightwish is taking -- even though there's no more Tarja, I definitely like DPP way more than Imaginaerum. But I still do enjoy listening to Imaginaerum.
0618680004|3.0|Richard Dawkins is an improbable ass, as usual. It is sad that I agree with so many key elements of \\"religion\\"  and the notions of a god with a man who probably loves the smell of his own poop. Decent book though.
B000301YY8|5.0|I gave it for a Christmas present to a friend and she really is enjoying it. This CD was hard to find and was lucky I found here at Amazon.  Thanks again Amazon.
B006QF7664|3.0|it was ok. not what i was expecting. no need for HD for this short movie.save your mooney or buy candy. at least candy taste good.
B004SUDQ4U|5.0|We saw this movie years ago,  so when it came out in Blu-Ray, I immediately ordered it.  This is an amazing look at the war from the German side.  We watched the Director's cut last night, and although almost 3 hours long, held our attention throughout the whole time.  Thank you, Amazon!
B0063IH60K|4.0|like the auto features allows more playing options and less mundane tasking. thought and strategy provoking app.  ads are annoying.
B005YDLJ76|3.0|I love Beyonce and think she is one of the best talents out there.  The beginning of this concert, is very similar I Am.... Yours (which is wayyyyyyyyyy better).  She does alot of Destiny Child songs and the songs that she does perform from her past 3 albums, are too brief.  I would like it, at least at this point in her career, for her to stick to her solo albums. She has always been a great performer and she is in this concert, but the format and songs choosen dont leave much of an impression. Most of Beyonce's concert DVD's are awesome, but this one I would skip.
B001JV5BIA|5.0|I wouldn't watch this movie with kids or with anyone you might want to cuddle with.  But probably is a peek into the darker side of the real world.
B0007TKH66|5.0|I don't know why but this incarnation of Star Trek completely escaped me. No,not because I didn't understand it, I just never saw it. I was about to start collecting the various seasons, starting with the first, of course, when I noticed the blu-ray version was not listed. Huh? All the other seasons seem to be available in the hi-def format, but not numero uno. Have I missed something here? If I have, please direct me to it, but if not, could somebody please explain to me what surely must be a brilliant marketing scheme.   Thanks
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|I'm totally addicted to this game! I use to play it on my phone but now its even more awesome on my kindle fire! my husband and I lay in bed with our 2 year old and we all take turns flinging the birds across. its a great tool for family time or just relaxing on the couch alone :) download it and enjoy!
B00003CXA6|5.0|History laid bare, superb cast, eye-opening reality. Loyalty to the cause on both sides. Both viewpoints detailed and no assumptions  made. The battle for the 'high ground' the high light to me of the film. Jeff Daniels portrayal of the young commander the best in a film of one outstanding role after another...one of my favorite films, that I have watched over and over...
B0056BU3I2|4.0|Movie came as advertised and in a timely fashion, would purchase from seller again. Great movie, definately recommend seeing it and buying it, Fast and Furious movies just keep upping the ante.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Lots of fun on my kindle fire. Great way to wind down from a busy day. I would recomend to others.
B0002KQNZO|5.0|i thought both of the live Messengers with Clifford Brown were tha hardest Bop CDS i ever heard , until i put this bad mama jama on. It is by far The best of All Jazz Messengers Albums!!!!!Take no prisoners, fast hard and lethal.shut up and by this cd, you will thank me later.
B004RJMUJO|1.0|i can not get it to load.  after i get the main screen it shuts down. very diappointed.  i do not reccomend this.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|The Hunger Games, WOW! I went into this book a little intimidated because of the stories my friends had told me that came from this book, but, when my reading class took the vote to read the book I was excited. Those first words pulled me into a world I had never even imagined before, and to say in the least, I was quite impressed. The way the book was written from beginning to end was absolutley amazing and I and the rest of the class managed to finish in a matter of days. I have read the rest of the famous trilogy and all have met my expectations. Now, for every book I read, my expectations will be Hunger Games high (As it also is for the movie premering on March 23, 2012).
B004EPYZQ2|5.0|A nice movie and I also liked the extras that were added.  It really was cute and interesting. Love the digital copy
B0063IH60K|5.0|For a free game, it works really well.  You never know what you are going to get when you with freebies.
B004UID2LC|1.0|Update again so we can download Mp3s again. Im not going to do this crap of downloading a video and converting it. Anyone who hasn't updated yet, DON'T!
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I had this when it we just starting out and it was meh... however I've re-downloaded it recently and, wow, this app has undergone major improvements. Not only do I now have access to many Bible translations but also various studies, reading plans, note taking, highlights, and bookmarks! They're all for free too! I can't tell you how fantastic this app is. God bless you YouVersion, what you've done is really something wonderful.
B0063IH60K|4.0|it is fun to play this game. I like the Vegas scoring with the money. Solitaire is one of my favoret card game
B0046ECJBY|5.0|I can't think of anyone who is better qualified to summarize China's governmental history than Henry Kissinger.  Concise and easily understood, this serves as an excellent primer for anyone interested in China's relations with the rest of the world and their current position on the world stage.  Not only does he explain the convoluted details of China's political history, but sheds new light on the motivating factors behind China's involvement in the Korean and cold wars. He covers much of the diplomacy that went on behind the scenes during his tenure in government and his continued involvement in government relations as a private citizen.  Intriguing, enlightening, and highly educational.
B001OQCV6K|4.0|Really good movie. The digital copy code expired on March 28, 2011. Why have an expiration date on the digital codes?
B005ZHBA9I|4.0|I have thoroughly enjoyed all of the Saga's Soundtracks so far and this one is up there, too.  I was a bit disappointed that many of the songs are very similar in sound and that I recognized so few of the artists, but they hit it out of the park with Bruno Mars' \\"It Will Rain\\" and Christina Perris' \\"A Thousand Years\\".  Even The Noisettes' \\"Sister Rosetta\\" is great and gives the album its only upbeat fun, fast, rockin' song.  Carter Burwell is back and his Score piece is a mixture of the original and new sounds that are very fitting for this movie - beautiful. No matter, I would totally recommend this soundtrack - the more you listen to the songs, the more you find they are unique in their own way.
B003VANOFY|5.0|This was a Christmas gift for my son. He loves it, it really sounds great, he walks all through our house talking to people on it and has even went as far as our shop talking on it, it's great.
B0025UHKNS|5.0|I like it.  Small enough for a woman's wrist while excercing.  Wouldn't wear it all the time.  Only down side is battery life.  It seems that each time I go out on a run I'm low on the battery.  I almost have to keep it plugged in all the time.  It's alittle confusing at first, but you get used to the touch bezel.  I'm anxious to use it more.
0812550706|4.0|I don't really read science fiction, but I enjoyed this book.  It was a fascinating idea.  My only complaint is that it seems to be really geared towards boys, in the sense that it was really, really lengthy on detailed description of battles.  In the battle room and beyond.  I don't really enjoy reading blow-by-blow descriptions of fights (I skim over the Quidditch sections of Harry Potter, too.)  I just don't really care that Ender spiraled left and then pushed off the wall and slammed into another kid with his right arm... etc etc ETC.  The other parts of the book were much more interesting to me, and I felt the end was rather quickly rushed through.  After patiently slogging through so much detailed battle description, I was quite disappointed that the more intriguing philosophical aspects, and the revelation of the overarching story, were not given nearly as much attention. Great storyworld and concepts, though.  I enjoyed it and would recommend it to others of all ages.
0307891372|5.0|Definitely worth having for a game as huge as Skyrim. This is better than having to scour the internet for info on the game.
B0041KKYGU|1.0|Is this the best that Cameron Diaz can come up with?  I thought she was a better actress than this, but apparently she has decided to ride the suck train all the way to the station.  This has got to be one of the most over-hyped movies I have seen in a long time.  There is nothing funny about this movie.  All the humor derives from her foul mouthed antics.  I don't mind swearing, and if inserted correctly can be quite funny.  Here it just fell flat.  It was as if they had nothing to go with so they said \\"Well, we'll just have her say something disgusting here.\\"<br /><br />The whole premiss of the movie is that Diaz's character is a money hungry, shallow woman trying to get a perfect body and cruise through life with her rich husband.  When he calls off the engagement she is forced to go back to teaching, which she hates.  She comes into school hungover and shows a movie on the first day of the year and spirals downward from there.  If you find this type of stuff funny, this is the movie for you.  It was not for me.
0811875040|4.0|I bought this for my wife for Christmas.  She was extremely pleased with the layout of the book and is eager to try some of the recipes.  Additionally, the next time we go to San Francisco we will be visiting the shop!
B0063IH60K|4.0|Simple solitaire. but a great time killer when you don't want to get involved with reading,etc.. I am using the free App and it is responsive and very quick. Ad is only at the start and is unobtrusive. Great little App!!
B006O5Y0SS|1.0|Holy crap, this movie is terrible. I'm not even an hour into the movie and I'm pretty sure it's the worst thing I've ever seen.
B004SJ3AXI|4.0|there is some parts where.its.not very helpful.or like the original........and there is great graphics! the summer inns is kind.of.screw up
B004EBZX6W|5.0|who can live without thials app awesome i love it is great i can see all the wick networks by me i use it in Tucson it was great sand you don't need wifi to use it
B002QCD2QO|1.0|I should have done some research before paying $2.99 to watch this movie. If musicals and the idea of animals being burned alive bother you, then skip it. I don't even know if it was a good movie. The characters were so annoying, the basic premise so overblown and browbeaten that within a few minutes I could find nothing in any scene to rest my eyes on. Maybe that was the point. It was like a long, bad acid trip. When I read later that animals actually were burned alive I just felt sick. Neither entertaining nor enlightening. Just effed-up.
B005HJWWW8|5.0|I use this amp with my audio-technica ATH-M50 headphones and the difference is night and day. Highly recommended if you have quality headphones.
B005HSL626|4.0|THIS GAME ROCKS.  SO ADDICTIVE.  p.s. for those of u who think that the puss in boots version is the same, its not. it is just as awesome, but sooo different
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this rocks and this game is out of this world. the games are 100% cool and this game is #1
B004SJ3BCI|5.0|I don't know how people can put anything less than 4 stars down. I know that the adds can get annoying, but this game is sooo worth it!
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this game is fun and addicting. you dint really get bored with it much though because there are so many different mini games to choose from!:)
B004UFEJS0|4.0|It is one of my favorite Pixar film. However, just wanted to let you know that it only has Dolby 5.1 sound track not Dolby HD or DTS  & DTS HD. It is a bit of let down.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I never would have even listened if not for Kelly's endorsement of freedom, liberty and the United States of America. Bought her album and wow! It's fun, well done and better than expected! (this coming from somebody who believes American Idol/x-factor/\\"reality\\" worshiping is part of the huge problem in this country) Bravo Kelly, for both your music and your courage! Ron Paul 2012! End debt slavery!
1407130293|5.0|A great interesting series with a lot of thrilling moments. Great for young adults and teens! Every book gets better and better!
1451627289|5.0|Although it really IS a novel (848 pages) I found no problem \\"getting into\\" Stephen King's latest. I haven't yet finished it (I'm on page 315), but what I've read so far has made me eager to complete this book. With that being said, I bid you farewell, so I may continue my reading.
B005QPGHQU|1.0|Definitely not worth the wait. Evanecence ended 8 eight years ago when Ben Moody left the band. And this CD is exactly why.
B004Z7AHZC|5.0|My son received this for Christmas and he loves it!!!  He has seen the other movie and read the other Wimpy Kid books.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|kelley clarkson is my new hero. a rare breed!!! a celebrity that actually puts the importance of Americas future before her musical career.    \\"In the beginning of a change, the Patriot is a scarce man, brave, hated and scorned. When his cause succeeds, however, the timid join him, for then it costs nothing to be a Patriot.\\"  Mark Twain
1934030597|5.0|Just got this for Christmas and I started reading. I was a little confused at first because the book shows a full suspension bike with disk breaks (which is what I have) but on page xviii it says that it's intended for \\"hardtail with cantilever breaks\\". I didn't see that in the description anywhere, nor did I see that page in the amazon preview. It just seems a little deceptive.<br /><br />However, I may be jumping the gun since I haven't read the whole book yet. It does seem to have information about hydrolic disk breaks and also some information about rear shocks. I am giving 5 stars because the book is easy to read with good descriptions. I will update if I come across anything more that could help the review.
B000HBKCDC|2.0|I love Sarah & Christmas music so I thought this would be wonderful. But it was very depressing. Songs were slow and sad. Not what I had expected at all.
0316098329|5.0|ROOM is written entirely from the perspective of Jack, this sweet intelligent and sheltered boy. There is certainly an innocence in it all that is captivating. I really enjoyed following Ma and Jack's journey through innocent playful days and difficult painful nights. The story was softened by the naive commentary of a child which is brilliantly done.<br /><br />I had a hard time getting past the dialogue and super dumbed down verbiage of Jack. Yes, I understand that he is awkward, but I felt like his internal dialogue was too dumbed down for a child who is also described as having constant one on one time with an adult,  doing multiplication and division, and fully reading and writing. As a mother of a 5 year old myself, my son doesn't talk like that. None of my kids spoke that way when they were 5. Yes, there are misspoken words here and there or phraseology that needs correction, but every sentence seemed to be fragmented and missing pieces, I think it was over exaggerated.<br /><br />The other thing that didn't quite work for me was the mother's emotions in the back half of the book. Perhaps it was just because we were taken on a journey through her child's perspective, but the only emotion I seemed to ever get a grip on from her was anger.  I expected more layers to her emotion, but again it could be just me. This was a great book, well written. The continuity in the writing style was amazingly impressive. The descriptions of Room and other details didn't feel overdone. If for no other reason, I recommend this book for its uniqueness. It was refreshing to be able to see the world from a child's perspective. I could go on forever, this was a fantastic book and I would certainly read it again.<br /><br />Just be prepared that this isn't a high action, fast paced book. Instead I would consider it a mildly slow roller, but rich in content. I hope you enjoy it! I am off to meet the author at a Q and A and Book Signing tonight, so I will report back again on this one!
B005GVW05Q|4.0|I really like Ryan Adams' stuff from Gold through Cold Roses.  Then he seemed to get stuck on the slow stuff, and I moved on to other things.  This album is more \\"slow stuff,\\" but, as far as slow stuff goes, it's pretty darn good.<br /><br />I'm personally a fan of \\"Demolition\\".  I like the tempo changes and the experimental nature of the tracks.  \\"Ashes & Fire\\" is more straight forward and simple composing.  It reminds me of Cold Roses, which took me awhile to warm up to.<br /><br />I read one of the reviews that compared the sound of this album to Neil Young.  I don't know about that: I  don't own any Neil Young albums, but \\"Ashes & Fire\\" doesn't remind me of the Neil Young I know.  \\"Dirty Rain\\", however, is totally a Bob Dylan homage.<br /><br />The other songs ebb and flow from rootsy folk to dramatic string swells.  There's a bit of a Country vibe on some tracks, but nothing that smacks of Nashville Pop-Country.  This album is Americana music.  Some of it reminds me of the music Ray Charles made with orchestras later in his career.  It has great melodies and interesting arrangements, pulling folk, blues, country, and standards style music together.<br /><br />My only complaint is that Ryan continues to travel down the same slow tempo path through the whole album.  I like albums with a mix of slow, medium and fast tempos; they give me the sensation of progression through the album.  I realize Ryan did Orion, but I can't find the album and its a completely different animal.<br /><br />The only other thing that Ryan Adams fans might not like is the lyrical content.  The lyrics are not cheesy or corny in my opinion; they're just sweet.  He isn't approaching issues from a novel perspective, and the lyrics lack some of the edginess of his earlier albums.  For me, Ryan's lyrics played an important role in attracting me to his music.  Now his lyrics seem fairly typical; they're not as clever, creative or sardonic as they once were.  But, such is the case with aging artists, and I imagine it must be difficult to keep up lyrically when you compose as much music as Ryan Adams does.<br /><br />On its own, the album is very good.  I recommend it.  Listen to it at least three times, and I promise the melodies and arrangements will woo you.p lyrically when you compose as much music as Ryan Adams does.  On its own, the album is very good.  I recommend it.  Listen to it at least three times, and I promise the melodies and arrangements will woo you.
0545265355|5.0|Definately buy this series as the Trilogy, believe me you will want to have book 2 on hand when you finish book 1. I found the beginning chapter of Hunger games to be a bit choppy as the author laid out the scene, but it quickly picks up into a rivetting novel full of twists and turns. I found myself literally not wanting to put it down and craving to know what was going to happen next. When I wasn't reading, I was thinking about reading which is what I loved about this book. The main characters are not what you would expect, I have a hard time with Katniss who although I am rooting for her, I dont necessarily like her. This book very much reminded me of City of Ember in the feel of the town and base life that Katniss and her family are living.<br /><br />The first 2 books were fantastic, the first one being my favorite. I am a bit torn on book 3 through. I think I could have done without some of the choices the author made in wrapping everything up. I am bias though because I am one of the type of people who doesn't like loose ends and doesn't like ending a novel with a somewhat bitter taste in my mouth. I am all for the rosy endings, no pun intended. This series is edgy, grusome, political, and at times frustrating. Very well written and I think that the author accomplished what she set out to do. Its a war novel series, it shouldn't leave you feeling warm and fuzzy inside. Its laced with harsh realities and the brutality and transformation that only war can produce.<br /><br />I fully recommend this book to young adults and older adults to read. Again like Twilight although it is written for young adults and the teenage crowd, I do not recommend it to teenagers unless with permission of their parents. This book is brutal and graffic, I can't stress it any more. A fantastic read, I finished all 3 books in under 3 days. Its addictive and I look forward to seeing if they can capture even a glimpse of is raw texture on film when they release the movies.<br /><br />I almost think I would have rather stopped at book 2 though, so proceed with caution. Sometimes knowing how it ends in the authors mind isn't always better then creating an ending that you like on your own. Book three is an all out battle and takes a darker turn then even I was prepared for. I still can't stop thinking about it and trying to rewrite it in my mind.ther stopped at book 2 though, so proceed with caution. Sometimes knowing how it ends in the authors mind isn't always better then creating an ending that you like on your own. Book three is an all out battle and takes a darker turn then even I was prepared for. I still can't stop thinking about it and trying to rewrite it in my mind.
B003I55BIA|5.0|This is one of those books that i randomly happened to pick off a shelf, because I always love to read love stories, and can i just say Simone is the best author in the world? I could never compare another book to this one because this is special, and THE best book i ever read. Alex and Brittany are the perfect couple. and the romance is my favorite part and how difficult it was for Alex to live without Brittany. Simone could not have written this book any better... this book better become a movie!!!!!
0545123275|4.0|I have been hearing a bit of buzz about this series ever since Forever came out recently. I admit I was a bit hesitant with the werewolf storyline, reflecting on the Twilight saga for reference. I normally try and steer clear of cheesy vampire, werewolf, zombie, mummy type books. Anyway, I thought I would give it a whirl. I was happy to find that the entire concept of werewolf is not the stereotypical monster I was expecting, but more so a man that shifts into a wolf involuntarily.  Instantly, I was completely sucked into the pages and submerged in Grace's world.<br /><br />I loved the short length of each chapter. There were no cryptic titles or abstract references at the beginning of each chapter, just the name of who's perspective we were entering (Grace or Sam) and the temperature outside. The back and forth between perspectives worked well. I didn't feel like there was an obvious overlap in perspectives and didn't feel force fed by the author. Each perspective lent different emotions and new ideas. Shiver is well written, with great descriptions of both sights and smells. The author painted beautiful portraits in my mind as I read, but still allowed my imagination to fill in the creative voids that speak to me individually.<br /><br />The plot wasn't overwhelmingly intricate. It was quite straight forward, but paced well. I always felt forward momentum and a certain pull to continue on. I read the book in 2 sittings, quite literally because I couldn't put it down. The infusing of song lyrics and poetry was well placed. Even though I didn't love the song lyrics that formulated in Sam's head, they were somehow charming and befitting for an 18 year old boy. The insecurity and timid budding love was so tangible it was impossible to not be cheering them on.<br /><br />Overall, I loved this book. I am dying to find out where the rest of the series will lead and am SO glad that the books are all out so I don't have to wait (woohoo!). The book is organic and down to earth in a very believable and enchanting way. Clever writing and intriguing plot twists carry it through to the very last breath. A must read for lovers of Paranormal Young Adult Fiction and timid, yet unbreakable love stories.d enchanting way. Clever writing and intriguing plot twists carry it through to the very last breath. A must read for lovers of Paranormal Young Adult Fiction and timid, yet unbreakable love stories.
B005O30Y5Y|5.0|To round out my collection of HP.  I know that the marketers will be coming out with all sorts of \\"bundles\\" in the future, but I just wanted the movie right now.  I'll wait to buy the inevitable extras once the pricing has come down-to-earth.
B0063IH60K|5.0|I love solitaire. Now I can take it everywhere. It is addictive and keeps my mind active. This particular game is easy to play and it keeps tract of scores. I can try to beat myself.  And it is free! Thank you!!
B0063GORYU|5.0|Easy and fun to play.  A great time waster.  Plays well on the Kindle Fire.  And for free, it can't be beat.
B0038M2AZA|2.0|Started off as a really good movie, but near the end there was a defect on the DVD, so, we were not able to finish watching the movie. We tried everything. Plus, we had waited too long to watch it so it was past the deadline to make a return.
1416596585|5.0|Frankly, I have read a number of books about the distinguished company - Google. How does a company created by two gents- Sergy Brin and Larry Page- become such a successful company?  Well, Steve Levy, the author, starts from the very beginning and gives the reader an insightful look into the rise of Google. The recipe for success is described in detail as we learn about the personalities of the founders, the growing pains on the climb up, the contributions of the new hires,the company's philosophy and the never-ending improvement quest. After reading Steve Levy's book, I believe I know how... \\"Google thinks, works, and shapes our lives.\\"
B0025UHKNS|1.0|I bought this item for my husband who wanted to know how far he walks/runs the dogs on his multiple daily walks/runs... He wanted to know as they walk/run/jog off the normal route.  It took 3 people to try to program the watch. Never got to most of the options. We are not technologically challenged!  The watch made us feel like idiots! After about 2 days of trying to figure it out and set it up, including going to the web site, we found the manual completely lacking instructions-- the website had the same image as the pamphlet that came with the item... We are returning this one and going to try something any idiot can CARRY with them instead. You need two hands to operate most of the functions, an as most doggie joggers know, when jogging with a couple of poochkies on leashes, you just don't have two hands available.  This item did not work for us.
B006IGZWB2|5.0|ALL I WILL SAY THAT THE MOVIE IS REALLY GOOD!! IF YOU HAVEN'T SEEN IT PLEASE DO SO, YOU WILL BE GLAD YOU DID! :)
B003EY7IRC|5.0|Most series go downhill with the writing, but not this one. Not at all. The Fever series is the best series of books I've encountered in the last 10-15 years. Moning's imagery is rich, detailed and haunting. You can see so vividly the worlds she creates. Her character development and interaction are phenomenal, and I fell a little in love with Barrons.   This is one of those books where you're pretty sure what the ending will be, but you're not quite sure how the author can successfully bring you to that conclusion without the whole thing ending in an all-out cheese-fest. But Moning somehow manages to make the reader feel as though they're having an \\"ah-hah!\\" moment even if they've had an inkling all along about how the story would end.   The only character I had trouble liking in the whole series was Dani - I found her grating. Then again, I found Mac occasionally grating at first and she grew on me quickly, so I'm very much looking forward to reading Dani's books to be proven wrong again.  This is the only last book in a series I've read as an adult that has been as good as or better than all the preceding books.
0399226907|5.0|I read to my baby all the time, and I have yet to tire of reading this book. It's really cute, has teaching opportunities (counting, diet, life cycle, etc), and the illustrations are colorful and fun. Great book.
B006QPVH6O|1.0|This movie is so bad I felt cheated.  Apart from the lame premise of the movie, the characterization of the two astronauts is just plain insulting to those in the program.
B000PMLFRA|4.0|When my son-in-law hinted he'd like Star Wars:The Original Trilogy (EpisodesIV-VI) on Blue-ray, I thought I'd have a hard time finding it.  This was my easiest gift to find.  I went on Amazon.com on Cyber Monday and found just what I wanted at the right price.  He was thrilled with the gift and I scored big as an awesome Mother-in-law.
B005QPMB2Y|4.0|This app is great and allows me to watch my dog in the house during the day when I'm away at work. The problem is that when moving the camera left, it moves right and vice versa. The directions are swapped for my camera.
B005K17RU0|5.0|So far no issues, and very reliable. Easy to add multiple locations. Maps are easy to understand and also accurate.
B004O3YGMC|5.0|Great app, good way to watch movies,look at pictures and any other media without having to load it all onto your tablet. A couch potato's dream.
1423140591|5.0|amazon delivers as promised.  the books and arrived in a timely fashion, faster than expected actually.  the book is a great read as well.  good for anyone who likes mythology, kids and adults alike.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|its fun but repetitive after about 30 mins of gameplay if you are bored I recomendd it fershure and that's all folks
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|This is the first CD I have purchased since I was a teenager. It might not get much time in my CD player, but it is a CD I will be proud to own.  Thank you Kelly  **RON PAUL 2012**
0792164903|5.0|This is a great movie. It is suspenseful and has a great plot. If you do not like blood, you will not like this movie.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|I love how there are several versions with audio. But I appreciate that there are many versions to choose from
B006JPS1OM|3.0|I actually like the game and storyline. As mentioned in other comments it is hard to pick up items at times but nonetheless its still a good game.
B004SBQGHS|5.0|What more can you say about this app that hasn't already be said.  It has become the defacto standard for games on tablets and now there are various other versions (Rio, Seasons, etc.) that are providing variety and more fun.  Give this a try.  It is well worth the small cost.
B004H1V5RU|5.0|My son mastered the original version and the Epic is a fantastic step-up to a new challenge.  We highly recommend this toy.  Great diversion from digital toys.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|This app is perfect in its simplicity and ease of use.  It does exactly what I want it to do and really makes up for the fact that my Kindle Fire does not have a \\"voice memo\\" feature.  I don't really need voice when I can drop a quick note into this app in less time than it would take to say what I want to remember.  Another excellent free app.
B005K17RU0|5.0|It tells me the right temp, the windspeed, even the humidity! Everyone should have the AccuWeather app for their tablet.
B005K17RU0|5.0|This app is so good that I uninstalled the Weather Channel app after finding and using this one.  I love the easy to use interface and very intuitive set up.  It was very easy to set up my favorite and home locations and now I can't live without this easy to access information.<br /><br />It's also a plus to be able to access short weather videos and a great radar system that has a flexible range.  I'm not sure if there is anything that this app does that the Weather Channel doesn't do, but I found this one easier to work with and find what I wanted.<br /><br />It is a must have app in my library!  Try it!
B0055SJVPW|4.0|Movie was good even though you are cheering for a couple to break up. I like that the okay looking girl gets the guy.
B004SD5GZ4|5.0|I disagree with many of the reviews her that say this does not work on Kindle Fire and here is why...<br /><br />The Kindle Fire comes with a built in app to read PDF files, however it is a little anemic.  This app gives you much more capability.  For example, you can view the PDF file in variuous modes (such as continuous, single page and automatic).  Also, with a quick touch you can send the PDF file as an attachment through Email.  And finally (and perhaps most importantly) you can do a search on the file to find instances of your search throughout the entire document.  The included Kindle Fire app can NOT do searches.  This is a feature I use all the time so I think that makes this app indispensible.
B004EPYZTE|5.0|Did not expect to see such a great film! It was action from the very beginning. Great product. Nice price.
B004WKOCP8|5.0|Just got this for xmas 2011 and am loving it. This is a cohesive, eminently listenable CD by a band of masters. For some reason Incubus has always screamed \\"California scene\\" to me, and this is no exception. Perhaps it's the occasional far East influence coming through.  This one is more subtle than their previous CD's and after a few listens I'm already hooked. I wish this band would put out at least one CD per year, for time gets by you fast fast fast. If this music represents a new direction, I'm in, but if it's just a side-road for now, that's cool too. I bet this CD will rank high for many fans after all is said and done. Just great stuff.
B004J4WKTW|5.0|I finished this book a few weeks ago and have thought about it often since. I read a great variety of literature but the books I like best are those that you can totally submerse yourself in. It doesn't matter whether it is fiction or nonfiction, if I can live inside the book while I am reading it, I am happy. I found that to be the case with this book. The characters were rich and full, the story line intriguing and the prose fit the story perfectly. What more can you ask for.
B0009PAVI2|4.0|The Tamrac S.A.S. is one of the more sturdy, compact filter cases on the market.  The construction is top quality, rugged and tight and it feels like it will survive longer than most of my gear.  The case has three pockets of varying size due to the tapered design of the case.  Even the smallest pocket, however, will fit a 72mm filter.<br /><br />The back of the pouch contains a partially detachable belt loop strap.  It is held securely by both a snap and Velcro and can be affixed around most camera bag straps.  It's even slender enough to fit through many of the attachments loops on camera bags, like the ones supplied on the shoulder straps of the [[ASIN:B001OOGCV2 Think Tank Street Walker]] series of bags.<br /><br />I've knocked off a star from the rating due to the complexity of the pouch closing flap.  The flap securely fastens by both ample amounts of Velcro and a plastic clip, so you can rest assured that your expensive filters aren't going anywhere should the pouch take a tumble.  But for a case this size, such protection seems overdone.  Opening the case can be cumbersome, and opening it with one hand is nearly impossible.  And the tearing of Velcro is not something you will want to do in a quiet setting (a wedding, photographing wildlife, etc).  It seems that a strong magnetic flap would have done the trick.<br /><br />While the case is one of the more compact and protective cases on the market, it's not quite as compact as I would have liked.  The protruding outer seams add an extra 1/2\\" to the width of the case.  It's small, but it's not compact enough to fit into the front pocket of a [[ASIN:B00009R881 Domke F-2 Camera Bag]], which is what I need.
B0050XFY4O|5.0|Loved the chemistry between the characters. They, in a real sense, reminded me of brothers.  And I simply loved the mother.  Good movie all around.
B0063IH60K|5.0|great app, works well and provides lots of fun when I just want to relax. App loses properly, no force closes.
B0042RUMIW|5.0|I have been a Sting/Police fan since the earky 80's.  Sting is the preeminent performer of our time and this CD/DVD brings to light what a once in a life time musician he really is.  From the moment I started the DVD I was hooked.  The video and sound quality are great.  One of the best live DVD I have seen, I highly recommend this !
140053271X|4.0|I got this nook for Christmas from my parents, it is light and easy to use. My only issue is that you can't go on the internet with the nook, but it is still really good for reading. I wish it lit up in the dark so you could continue reading when it was time for lights out, but I just ordered a light for it so that should help. I love the nook and would recomand it to anyone.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|This cover is nice and thin yet protective.  Exactly waht I was looking for.  I woul drecommend this cover. The thin profile helps maintain the compactness of the Kindle, thus allowing easy trasnport in purse, etc.
B0064X7FVE|4.0|I have the Weather Channel on my lap top and android phone.  I have used the information when I'm out volunteering for public service events with Ham radio.  You need to know what the weather is, or is going to be, for your activity.  Can't wait for the radar setup to come.
B004JZBGWI|5.0|this is an amazing app for my new kindle fire. easy to use. it. can hold my calander and notes. Best of all IT CAN BE COLOR CODED with 7 different colors (red,green,gray,black,yellow,white,and another Colorado i cant remember) it is a very easy way to stay orginized there is not a day that goes by that i do not use this app!!!!DOWNLOAD NOW!!!!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I have just bought your cd to show my gratitude for your support of Ron Paul.  You are obviously a very strong and intelligent young lady.  Thanks!
B00632HWOG|5.0|Hello, I am a Kindle Fire User and this app can not get better! I can see well and the speed is OUTRAGOUS. Thank you!
B0055SWM08|5.0|this game is fun and addicting :) love love love. the graphics and sound track are great. by far my favorite game.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|One of the best albums of the year. I encourage all Ron Paul supporters to purchase this CD. She is truly one of the great performers of our time!
B0033AI48Y|3.0|I have seen this over 10 years ago in the theater and was so in love with the movie's uplifting spirit that I bought this BD. The plot is great, the scenery fresh and inviting, but somehow the actor, Roberto Benigni, has lost his magic with me this time around. The guy overacts, talks took much, but the message is forever young: \\"Don't take life so seriously, even when life suddenly foreclosed on you: your family is now being taken to the Nazi concentration camp and your little boy, the product of your fairy tale love with your ideal woman. The boy is so adorable and his acting memorable and so is his mother's (Nicoletta Braschi) enchanted affection for her crazy,high-strung eccentric jester. If you have young school-age children,this movie would be perfect, let them see it, I'm sure the strange twist and turn and the father's crazy antics will delight them. Setting in beautiful Italy before the onset and during WWII. (Please choose the original Italian spoken script and the English subtitle but not the English spoken language and the English subtitle together, they don't jive!)
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|I have to agree with the general gist of these reviews. I was somewhat skeptical when flap would not stay securely in the slot. But as many have observed, this problem goes away as the hinge loosens up. I have ordered a second cover for my daughter's Fire. This is an excellent basic product.
B004EPZ07U|1.0|The Ultraviolet Digital Copy that comes with the move is horrible. It requires you to create 2 accounts (one on Ultraviolet/ one on flixster). Ultraviolet only provides streaming and flixster only lets you download to a device (will not download to itunes). My opinion is that everyone should boycott buying dvd/blue ray movies with Ultraviolet digital copies.
B004EPZ07U|1.0|The movie is graphically okay but the story is boring.  What I really hate is that the digital copy is not through your iTunes or Media account.  You have to join Flixster.  This is a sucky app.  In the past you could redeem your digital copy and it would download to your iTunes account.  You then moved your copy over to your iPad or iPhone.  You could move things around.  Now you have to download it twice and this takes a lot of time.  You are allowed to download the video 5 times.  Really!  Downloading it once was bad enough. When I received the Green Lantern in November I was notified that my digital copy would not be available until December 20.  Now - I had to remember to download it.  I am NOT buying anymore combo packs.  It's way too much trouble.  I want my digital copy to be my copy not Flixsht.  I don't want to be prompted to have my poor-chase connected to Facebook.
B001UV4XJ2|1.0|The Ultraviolet Digital Copy that comes with the move is horrible.  It requires you to create 2 accounts (one on Ultraviolet/ one on flixster).  Ultraviolet only provides streaming and flixster only lets you download to a device (will not download to itunes).  My opinion is that everyone should boycott buying dvd/blue ray movies with Ultraviolet digital copies.
B000JIHP88|4.0|My wife and I are expecting twins so we bought both the rainforest and the precious planet mobiles. Both mobiles are well designed and are absolutely adorable.  Pros for the Rainforest  The head piece that dangles over the baby is a lot more intricate compared to the precious planet model. The leaves droop up and down as the stuffed animal rotate around it. There is a lot more visual stimulation when there is good lighting in the room.  The sound options are all pleasant from classical musical choices and a rainforest sound.  Cons for the Rainforest  While the head price is more intricate than the precious planet, more moving parts means greater chance of something breaking down in the future. A lot of neg feedbacks from amazon and Fischer price suggests that this mobile can break down for those few unlucky owners.  The attachment to the crib is not as flexible compared to the precious planet. The mount consists on a large plastic screw that you place between the railing and the back mounting nut. The mobile has a hinge that must rest on a horizontal surface. If you have a crib with curves or a thick top railing, you will be limited on where you can place this mobile. Also as you are screwing the back bolt onto the mobile, I'm worried about scratching the crib. A towel or something soft can prevent this, but becomes a hazard if your little one tries to grab or pull on it. The precious planet uses a snap on strap so you can mount it anywhere on your crib.  Pros for precious planet  While head piece does not have the wow factor of the rainforest, the mobile projects aminal pictures to the head piece, which reflects back down to the baby. During the day time, I prefer the rainforest. At low lighting conditions the precious planet wins.  The mobile can attach anywhere on the crib, while the rainforest needs a flat railing surface.  Might have better longevity because once the baby gets older and the head price is removed, the animal projector will reflect off the ceiling.  Cons  Not as cute compared to the rainforest from stuffed animals to head piece design.  Overall they are both great mobiles.  Precious planet is better for low lighting conditions and cribs with curvy or thick railings.  Rainforest has better stimulation for babies in well lit conditions.
B005G4TJUC|5.0|The whole transaction went smoothly. Arrived within reasonable amount of time however have not had the time to watch the movie yet!
B0063GORYU|5.0|Totally addicted to this game! I love it! The creaters did a great job. I play every night before bed.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|Wonderful app. I love the variety of reading plans available to me. I'm so happy to have found this app. Works perfectly on kindle fire.
B004478GNI|5.0|My child really loves Legos and Star Wars so this was a hit.  The ship is very cool with spinning parts for the \\"landing\\".  Price was very good compared to the stores.
B00004XQ83|5.0|If you liked the movie, this CD will bring back the adventure.  Great variety of styles and voices, fun to listen to again and again.
B005SODYGA|3.0|I enjoy their music completely despite the language difference. Music is awesome. The remix disc by different artist was OK. Some were really good, others were horrible. Loved the disc cover, a picture in stone of each of the band members. Music was pure Rammstein, enjoyed the new releases as well as the old songs. If you enjoy the \\"music\\" of hard rock, industrial rock, etc., you will enjoy this CD. Shipped as promised and in good condition.
B005URRCUY|4.0|This is a welcome bit of revivalist nostalgia that manages to be fresh, while tipping its hat to a short-lived but highly influential period in rock history. The hum, the buzz, the low-fi processing, all standard Keys, but here clearly pressed into new service as an outright homage to Glam, especially in tracks like Run Right Back, which is highly Bolan-esque. The impish, quavering vocals, the tight harmonic turns, the rattling snare. It's all there. Is it classic Keys? Perhaps not, but an interesting diversion nonetheless and worth your time.
1419701533|5.0|This set is very enjoyable for my grandson who is almost age 9. he loves these books. When the child likes what he is reading, it encourages them to read so it was a good purchase. Shipped and on time as promised and in good condition. Would buy again.
B0063IH60K|5.0|just like playing with a real deck.  passes the time quickly.  like the options for single and three card draw.
B004FOA84A|5.0|I really liked this game. It's short but worth the money. I had to look some stuff up because it was challenging. Really fun!
B004O3YGMC|5.0|the best app ever!!!!! if you have been looking for the perfect remote desktop app, this is it. trust me I have tried them all. a must have for kindle and next its going on my phone. great job. did I mention this is a great app
B005ZUR724|1.0|I downloaded this game today and am unable to log in because it requires an update... but the update isn't available anywhere!
B005K17RU0|5.0|tells the weather. helps you with alerts. and you get a radar. this weather app really helps you by giving a 15 day forecast. get it!
0307593525|5.0|I recommend this set for the serious cook. It is an excellent reference book not just for French cooking, but for anybody who wants to learn how to cook better food.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Great at keeping my mind active and is nice and relaxing. Highly addictive. You won't be able to put it down until you win a game. Then when you do you'll only want to play another.
B003XCVQ3C|5.0|Excellent adapter that works really well with my Mac (mid-2010 MacBook Pro). Image and sound come through crisp and clear. Worth the money
B004MC8CA2|5.0|This Bible app is great. It gives so many version that there is no need to download any other Bible app. You will enjoy having this great tool.
0446573019|1.0|ZERO DAY IS A TERRIBLE BOOK!  I HAVE READ EVERY ONE OF DAVID BALDACCI'S BOOKS. I HAD RATED HIM AS THE BEST MYSTERY WRITER AND LOVED HIS UNIQUE BRAIN AND PLOTS.  ZERO DAY WAS AWFUL!  IT IS DIFFICULT FOR ME TO BELIEVE IT WAS REALLY WRITTEN BY HIM AND NOT A CHILD! MY FAVORITE BALDACCI BOOK IS \\"THE WINNER\\".
B0058VW36U|5.0|this game is so much fun. really adicting and really cute! works amazingly well on the kindle fire great game.
B0063GORYU|4.0|Easy to use and fun to play. Loads quickly and haven't experienced any glitches. Good graphics and great quality for a free app.
B004WGGQPQ|5.0|This app is definatly the best drawing app I have used.  Works better than basicly all of the.other drawing apps. Works very very well on the kindle fire this app os worth paying for.
B005OCFGTO|4.0|This is a good collection of all the movies for a great price, although I wouldn't order it from Amazon in this case.  It is actually cheaper from the warner brothers website.  I payed about $45 for the set.  It doesn't have any of the \\"extra\\" stuff like special features and behind the scenes, but I don't like watching much of that anyways.  Over all, it is a very nice set.
B001GZ6QC4|5.0|I tried this movie out on my new surround sound system and it was awesome. All of the action in it was amazing.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Nice fast game for my Kindle Fire.  I don't really mind the ads.  The graphics are very clear.  Try it, you'll like it.
B0063IH60K|4.0|Nice graphics; but I would like to play against others and maybe see some sort of ranking. Pretty nice for a free game!
B0063IH60K|4.0|I have enjoyed this version......and just want to keep playing. its hard to pu it down. I keep hoping to improve my stats.
B000002A3T|5.0|Why does everyone go on about The Wall? For me it's a huge disappointment, is all bits of songs and really a Roger waters solo album. the only good track, and granted it IS a Floyd classic, is Comfortably Numb, which was co-written by Gilmour anyway. Floyd were always about lots of instrumental passages as well as lyrical ones. Dark Side was 70% instrumental when you think about it. The Wall is all singing (and not enough of Gilmour's voice, which is infinitely more beautiful than Waters') and not much actual playing.  The Division Bell ought to be taken on its own merits anyway. Do that and you'll discover much more of the old Floyd mix of instrumental/lyrical and all in all a splendid album that's so varied that you never really get to the bottom of it, however many times you listen.   One of the greatest ever Floyd tracks for me is \\"Keep Talking\\". I'm surprised at how seldom this track gets a mention in the other reviews. It's simply superb from start to finish and always lifts me when I listen to it.
1439153663|4.0|A good read.  Used book arrived promptly and was in very good condition. A novel of early America, focusing on plantation life including slavery, indentured servitude, the \\"classes,\\" The plot takes a few twists and turns, the ending is rather a surprise.
B005UT29Z0|5.0|As a main character says -- speak to me like you are speaking to a child or your retriever---.  The whole movie uses this axiom to communicate the bells, whistles and smoke screens of the current financial perplexity.  A very attention engaging docudrama.   Owe no man anything.
B000HT3P7E|5.0|Video arrived as promised in excellent condition. My daughter was very happy to get this.  She's a bit fan. I would recommend this if you missed the first season.
B005HPY8LU|5.0|Love her music and by the way she is not just a pretty face!. At last a pop star who can think  with a head on her shoulders and uses her brain.Thank you for supporting Dr.RON PAUL, the ONLY DECENT candidate since JFK.([...])
B004FOA84A|2.0|Put the app on my kindle.  had to press on the items many times to work.  I don't think some of the clues work as they should  as all the reviews said how easy it was.  I am stuck.  The bubble gum machine.. nothing works.  the doors have no keys, can't open some of the rooms.  What is going on here.. do you have an error in the download to the Kindle..  Fustrated...!!!
B005DZMODI|4.0|Very unusual collaboration between Marsalis and Clapton that is really a great melding of the two styles. Layla is a particularly fun arrangement
B005W0ARFQ|4.0|This is the eighth book in Philip Kerr's terrific series featuring Bernie Gunther, a jaded and policeman in wartime Berlin who despises the Nazi regime. This book is set in Berlin and Prague, mostly in 1941. I love this series and I thought this was a very worthy addition to it.<br /><br />The story begins with Gunther working as a policeman in Berlin in late 1941. He has two murders on his plate: a Dutch railway worker and a Czech spy. He is abruptly summoned to Prague by Heydrich, who is hosting a weekend party for various Nazi elite at his estate in rural Bohemia. Shortly after Gunther arrives, a guest is found murdered in a locked room and Gunther has the weekend to identify the perpetrator. At this point the book feels somewhat disjointed, but as he investigates, Gunther will realise that he is dealing with a bigger picture and that there are connections between the events in Prague and the cases he has left behind in Berlin.<br /><br />This is a very good addition to the series, but it does have a few differences from the others that I have read. The central part of the book is set almost entirely in Heydrich's rural estate, and it has the feel of an Agatha Christie country house mystery.  Hercule Poirot is even referenced on a couple of occasions. All the books in the series incorporate real people, but this one is particularly rich in that regard (Kerr includes a postscript to tell us what became of them all). Fans of [[ASIN:0307408841 In the Garden of Beasts: Love, Terror, and an American Family in Hitler's Berlin]] will enjoy a passing reference to Martha Dodds. Also Gunther (who has returned from a sickening posting in a Ukrainian execution squad) is less reticent that usual in letting people know how he feels about the Nazi regime and their treatment of Jews - to the point where it felt unlikely that his views would be tolerated.<br /><br />If you're new to Philip Kerr, I highly recommend this series. It jumps about in chronology so you don't need to read them in order - this is as good a place to start as any. The books are noir-esque mysteries with a very strong since of place and fully realised characters. Real life people and events are worked into the books which makes them feel enticingly possible. If this leaves you wanting more, Alan Furst's wartime novels have a similar feel.ood a place to start as any. The books are noir-esque mysteries with a very strong since of place and fully realised characters. Real life people and events are worked into the books which makes them feel enticingly possible. If this leaves you wanting more, Alan Furst's wartime novels have a similar feel.
B003L77G8I|5.0|I ordered Bones Sixth Season from Amazon and they have not disappointed me with any of my orders. My orders have always been as described and the shipping is very reasonable. Thank you Amazon, I surely will be doing more business with you in the future.
B002N5N5M0|5.0|The video came as promised in excellent condition.  My daughter is a huge fan of the show and began watching this as soon as she got it.  If you missed this season, I would recommend this one.
B0034G4P9E|4.0|A heartfelt film about a dysfunctional family. Well done.  This is America, impotent,weak, misguided and lost.  Courage, honesty and honor are words that are no longer associated with this land of filth.
B003Y5H5FG|1.0|Actually, the only reason my 25 year old daughter and I were even interested in this remake was because David Tennant was in the movie.  But we were very disappointed in the movie.  It was as I feared when it comes to remakes of old \\"scary\\" movies--they remake them to show how much gore they can provide in movies these days and pay less attention to character development and story.  Sad how much the world has dumbed-down in the past few decades.
B000HC2LI0|5.0|After viewing \\"The West Wing\\" it almost seemed like it was really happening today due to its timeless nature of the behind the scenes drama and comedy of politics. The acting is superb and the storylines are outstanding. It almost makes one wish that these characters were running the country instead of the divisive leaders we have in office today. \\"The West Wing\\" is well worth the money spent.
0439023513|4.0|The final book in the Hunger Games trilogy is quite different in feel from the first two books, which in many ways were the same book rewritten with slight variations (this is not a criticism: I loved them).  In many ways this is the book that injects some realism into the series.  You cannot go through the experiences that Katniss, Peeta and their families endured without serious and permanent consequences to the psyche.  This time round the focus also shifts slightly: it's less Katniss's story (although she's still pivotal) and more about the Civil War that is raging and how she is being used on both sides.<br /><br />If you thrived on the adrenalin rush that the first two books delivered, you are likely to be somewhat disappointed by this one.  There are moments of intensity but they are episodic rather than continuous.  I didn't tear through this book as rapidly as I did the others.  Also, if you were hoping for resolution of the Peeta/Gale/Katniss triangle, you are likely to be disappointed (there is a resolution of sorts, but it's not delivered in the way that I think many fans would have hoped for).<br /><br />On the other hand if you were drawn into the mind games between Katniss and President Snow and the machinations of how the Capitol could really be unravelled, you will find what you are looking for.  This is easily the most \\"adult\\" of the series in tone and feel.  People don't act in simplistic ways.  The good guys are almost as unpleasant as the bad ones.  The ending isn't neat and pretty.  Did I expect a different resolution to the series?  Yes.  Would I have preferred a different resolution to the series?  Possibly, but I think this one works and works well.
B0063IH60K|4.0|if ur like me and looooooove solitaire this.is a great app. the only con is sometimes the hints are pointless.
B004SD5GZ4|5.0|One of the things I love most about my Kindle Fire is that I can send PDF docs to my kindle from work to read on the subway!  This Ap is a must to be able to easily read any PDF and it is the official Adobe product.  I highly recommend this Ap!
B0052WKZZ6|3.0|I love Incantations, have always loved it and will continue to do so, but if you expect a 5.1 remasted surround work as with the three preliminary releases you will be disappointed. As the Mike Oldfield website states: \\"... With the remaster overseen by Oldfield himself, the packages contain a variety of rare material; and again, as with Tubular Bells, Hergest Ridge and Ommadawn, contain a brand new 5.1 mix of Excerpts of Incantations by Oldfield on DVD ...\\" The magic word is \\"Excerpts\\". I am puzzled why they could not be bothered to create a 5.1 mix for the entire Incantations.
B0063IH60K|4.0|no problems. wish I new better how to quit a game vs random shuffle, but entertaining.  great to have games work nice offline.
B0059XTUMC|4.0|\\"The Artist\\" (98 min.) made quite a splash at the 2011 Cannes film festival earlier this year, and is finally being released in the US. I had heard and read a number of things about it, including that it turly is a silent movie and shot strictly in black-and-white, but still wasn't sure what to expect of it. WIth time on my hands while on vacation, I saw this earlier this week, and what a treat it was.<br /><br />Writer/director Michel Hazanavicius has come up with a unique premise, namely retelling the fall of a big star of the silent movie era (played beautifully by Jean Dujardin, recalling Clark Gable in his heydays), while at the same time a young actress (equally great performance by Berenice Bejo) becomes \\"a star is born\\" in the new talkies. No, the story is not unique, not by a long shot, but to bring it in the way the movie does, in this daty and age, is truly unique. The musical score (I can't remember who scored it) is outstanding from start to finish.<br /><br />I enjoyed this movie tremendously, but this is a one-time opportunity as it simply cannot be recreated. The movie is brilliantly executed at all levels. I'm not sure whether this can find a massive audience, although it is also clear that the Weinstein Company (the US distributor of this movie) is going to push this movie heavily in the coming Oscar season. Regardless, this is highly recommended!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I will be picking up this album :) happy to welcome Kelly Clarkson to the Ron Paul Revolution. She has a good head on her shoulders so I am confident this album will be a good one. For Love and Liberty!
B004RJMUJO|5.0|In my opinion, this is way better than Angry Birds because, like it says, it is a fun and addictive game. This has no blood and gore, so it's great for kids as well. This worked for my Kindle Fire, so I don't know what happened to everyone else. All in all, if you know what's good for you, please get this game!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Thank you, Miss Clarkson for your recent support of Ron Paul. You expressed yourself freely and honestly and when some chose to attack your beliefs, you responded with dignity. Freedom of expression means respecting another's opinion even if it doesn't happen to agree with your own, a point you made very well. I have downloaded your album on iTunes and also purchased the cd -- not as a political statement, but in support of your courage and class. Thank you for your fine example.  Liberty, Prosperity, Peace.  Ron Paul 2012
B005ZUR724|1.0|deeply disappointed in how rediculously long this update is taking to be tested. I called Amazons, customer support and they said wait 1 day and it will be up. that was 3 days ago. I really like this app but the situation is really unneeded.
B005YDLJ76|5.0|I absolutely loved this DVD!!! It was brand new with the plastic and everything. Definitely a great watch. Beyonce always delivers.
B003Y5H5HO|4.0|Others have made the comment already but it cannot be emphasized enough: what is the point of remaking a beautiful original so shortly after the release of that original? Comparisons with Let the Right One in/Let Me In come to mind right away: the Swedish original was truly an immediate classic, and the bigest clompliment I can make for the Hollywood remake is that it simply didn't screw it up (as it could have, and in many cases does). I am a big fan of the original Swedish trilogy Millenium movies. I was 'comforted' that David Fincher would be directing the remake, and with time on my hands while on vacation, I went to see this yesterday.<br /><br />\\"Girl With the Dragon Tattoo\\" (160 min.) is a remake that is well done, period. That said, it really doesn't add much to the original Swedish version. As hard as Rooney Mara tries, for me she does not equal, let alone outshine, the performance brought by Noomi Rapace who will also be the true Liesbet. Perhaps the biggest surprise for me in the remake is the outstanding musical score from Trent Reznor (NIN frontman), who also did the score for last year's The Social Network (for which he won an Oscar I believe). Reznor has certainly found a second calling with these movie scores. The cover of Led Zeppelin's Immigrant Song by Reznor and guest vocalist Karen O (of the Yeah Yeah Yeas) is outstanding.<br /><br />In all, if you haven't seen the original Swedish movie, by all means check out the remake, and you will not be disappointed as this is still a very good movie. If you have seen the original Swedish movie, I am not sure what the point of the remake is. The best I can say is that the Hollywood remake didn't screw it up.
B000HC2LI0|5.0|A huge fan of the show since the very beginning, having all seven seasons on DVD plus the extras is incredible and well worth what I paid for it. It's wonderful reliving it all again and marveling at the quality of the writing, directing, music, of course, and the acting.  I came to care deeply for the characters, laughed and cried with the victories and struggles, and would vote for Jed Bartlett for president in a heartbeat.
B003ZSJ212|4.0|So far only watched the first one but the picture and sound were great.  I'll update when we watch the older ones.
B0063IH60K|5.0|solitaire was the first app installed on new kindle. sad to admit that I have spent more time playing than reading
B003L77FYS|5.0|We ordered this show for our family for Christmas.  Not only was the price great, but we got it with plenty of time to spare, and the it was in perfect condition.  We wouldn't think twice about buying from here again.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|Kelly is a beautiful and talented artist and this album is amazing.  She is also a courageous American Patriot!  Bless You Kelly!!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I have never bought a Kelly Clarkson album, and probably do not even know any of her songs.  However, I just bought 10 copies of this CD to prove to the establishment that it cannot mess with an idea whose time has come.  Kelly may not have realized the risk she was taking in challenging the very establishment that perhaps created her, but a hero is a hero, accidental or not.  Ron Paul 2012.
B0050SYS5A|2.0|Not impressed with the performance of the device, while it does work slightly better when placed at the at the bottom of the TV, most games such as Child of Eden that require some precision is unplayable. For the times it does work, movement is erratic and jumpy, you would be trying to direct movement towards a menu item and it would jump about and failing to lock on the menu. Also there is optical vignetting as a result of the lenses used which is somewhat expected
B0054R6BFM|5.0|Book Title: Thirteen Reasons Why  Author:  Jay Asher  Published By: RAZORBILL (The Penguin Group)  Genre: Young Adult  Recommended Age:  15+ (really depends upon the parents choice)  Reviewed By: Emily Tuley / AngelsCryHavoc  Blog Reviewed For: Great Minds Think Aloud Literary Community  Rating: 5 Ravens  This book blew me away, I have to give it to the author it was touching and emotional.  I felt as if I was living the tapes and words right along with Clay and I hurt emotionally for Hannah as well.  To genuinely feel and know what they both were going through as the events that lead to Hannah's suicide unfold it's hard not to feel anger, sadness, happiness, and even a little remorse for the inevitable outcome of all of this but at the end there is that spark that hope that moment in time when Clay realizes that he can help stop another Hannah from happening with Skye.   The book is about thirteen tapes, and thirteen reasons why Hannah commits suicide how she tried for help and was failed each time how sometimes we as the humans we are and yes we are flawed overlook the simplest of things cause we are to busy and to caught up with our own lives that we take others for granted and what they themselves might be going through.  I have noticed myself the callousness that has seemed to rip through our youth I think back to times when I was in school with the bullying and situations that happened people would have stepped up and stopped it.  I was lucky No one would have ever told me to Suck it up and move on.   This book is a very good moral setting it tells the young adult and reader that age old scientific method for ever action there is an opposite or equal reaction and that no matter what you say or do it always affects someone. Yes, In Hannah's own words the snowball affect.  Everything just keeps rolling down hill and getting bigger.    If you haven't read this book please, please do and share it share it with your daughter your son whoever you can get to read it.Maybe we can all get that message out there even if it changes one person or everyone. Amazingly done my hats off to the author.
B005ZUR724|1.0|Best game for kindle fire ever..... When it works.  Amazing gameplay and graphics.  This game should be five stars but a stupid update that isn't there is preventing it.  Over the phone customer service sucks from gameloft. They told.me that &quot;they don't provide service for the kindle fire.  They med me send an email to which they never responded to.
B000HEWEJO|5.0|We decided to purchase our own copy of this family favorite this year, and needed it in time for the holidays. The movie arrived in a very timely fashion and is perfect in every way.
B005HSL626|5.0|its an awesome game. although it is time consuming, I absolutely love honing my ninja skills and slicing my way to the top. Personally, I think its as good as the full version.
B001S86J2Q|5.0|I watched this in a movie theater years ago and enjoyed it.  Now I am able to watch it with my 9-year-old son and he also enjoyed the music.
B004A8ZWVU|5.0|This movie is as wonderful as the book! I ordered it a month ago and have watched it four times already. It is highly recommended!
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|I am going to buy this album tonight on the download for one reason only.Because Kelly support's Ron Paul.It is not my normal style of music,but I'm sure I will love it,because every time I listen it will remind me of my true American hero,Ron Paul.
B004WCTLNY|5.0|This movie surprised me with its twists and turns in the story plot. The political picture it portrays is accurate and the characters suffer real life problems. The premise that our lives are planned by a higher authority is one that has always been speculated by those of faith. This movie takes that premise to another level by showing us how paths cross and plans must be monitored to ensure their continuity whether the people involved are happy about it or not. This is where the movie gets really interesting and fast paced and the ethical debate arises. The other part of the picture is that we are not supposed to know we are being manipulated. Freedom of life choices versus destiny become an issue. Each choice has consequences and the main character must make the ultimate choice. I will not spoil the ending for it is thrilling. I held my breath and hoped. I hope you enjoy the movie as much as I did.
0817439390|5.0|If you are having a hard time learning about exposure then this is the book for you.  I have a Nikon D5100 and bought the Dummies book for it as well as a book on Digital Photography and didn't learn as much from those combined as I did from Bryan Peterson. If you are having a hard time understanding the facets of exposure then pick up this book.
B0044XV3R8|5.0|Avatar is a very well put together movie.  It has moral, compassion, heart, excitement, etc. It reminds me of Dances With Wolves, very moving. I've watched it at least 8 times, I love it that much! You can't go wrong with this one.
B005FITIK0|4.0|Thought I'd put in my two cents. Unlike his father, Reitman is rapidly becoming a genuine American auteur. No one working in Hollywood today gets the incipient loneliness and social malaise of post-modern America, \\"How we live today,\\" as it were. His last two films, this one and Up in the Air, totally nail all the odd comic elements of a society going joylessly through the motions - the sterility and formlessness of airport culture, the soulless vapidity of small town life, the weird highway ramp hotel non-culture, successful people trapped in their own self-made defensive cocoons, not to mention the perverse enjoyment of misery and depression fueled by endless booze and empty sex..Reitman is basically aiming his films at people who read things other that Twilight. He is drawn to writers like Walter Kirn and Diablo Cody because they seem to have something to say about the sad Way We Live Now that is not driven by research and age demos. The irony of Mavis, the ultimate \\"hip\\" urban creature, confessing that what she really wanted was to be a \\"square\\", and the defenses she erected to combat that failure, is the sort of irony that would make people walk out, I suppose. Give it up for Charlize, totally fearless, who gets something about the world we live in that should be explored. Like Carlin once said, \\"What, are you gonna eat at Wendy's and read USA Today till the end of time???\\" I also was the only one laughing at lots of the lines. So what? These folks are playing to those select move goers who are too hip for the room. Don't those moviegoers deserve a few annual gifts in a world of creeping meatballism? But don't expect too many of these types of films a year..Just be thankful when they come along...
B006RED4GA|5.0|I can't say enough great things about this film and about Ti West. I have been waiting for it to come out ever since it was announced on the heels of the modern masterpiece HOUSE OF THE DEVIL; I was not let down in the least, and my expectations were somehow surpassed.  The score, the camera work, the performances from the actors, the script -- this was a great follow-up to HOTD and another fantastic film to add to West's oeuvre.  The use of the slow burn is becoming a TW signature and I'm not sure if there's another American filmmaker doing it as well as he is.  This will certainly be one I come back to soon.
1451648537|5.0|I am on the last chapter of this book.  I am in aww.  It is like reading about a super hero, and it becomes more amazing when you realize that he is a real man.  The book tells the story of Steve Jobs very well.  Giving you thoughts and opinions from the man himself, as well as people he worked with or knew in other ways.  You really see him grow up.  It is interesting how he changes as much as he does.  Meaning, that when he was younger, he didn't seem like the kind of person who would run a huge company the way he did.  I actually feel as if I knew him, after reading this.  I wish I could have met him.  It would be interesting to talk about things with him.<br /><br />I am sure some will read this and think of him as a monster.  But if you really thing about it, I think he was just passionate about that which he did.  He would start doing something and devote 100% of his mind, life and time to that one thing.  It is incredible to read about him.  It is interesting when you are finished the book, you realize that he was like a hub.  He would have an idea or see something that some one created, and have his own vision of it.  If not for all the great people that worked along side him, he would have just been a man with great ideas.<br /><br />Something else great about this book is that the chapters are rather short.  Well, most of them any way.  Most are from 10 - 15 pages.  Just enough for a quick read.  I read one chapter a day.  If it would have been like 25 - 50 pages a chapter, it would have seems like they drug on.<br /><br />I have to wonder though, will Apple be able to continue doing what it does without him?  Seems that he failed when it once before tried.  Knowing about computers and technology would be a good thing to have if you read this book.  Some of it can get a bit technical.  But, don't let knowing nothing about either stop you from reading this book.  It made such an impact on me that I am actually switching to apple!!!!  In six or so months I will have a mac pro built on apple and get to learn computers all over again.  Read this book, it is a great story.  I thing Sony got the rights to his bio, so I hope they do the book and the man justice and make a great movie about him.lt on apple and get to learn computers all over again.  Read this book, it is a great story.  I thing Sony got the rights to his bio, so I hope they do the book and the man justice and make a great movie about him.
B005V2EVBQ|5.0|This cover is lightweight and is a perfect fit. The stand works well on a hard surface and it provides full access to the power button and charging port. Kindle snaps easily into place and the cover secures nicely with the elastic band. Definately worth the money.
B002E01LL6|5.0|A family requested movie that has been enjoyed several times this season.  It came in great condition and in secured wrapping to keep it from being broken...much appreciated.
1419702238|5.0|Very good experience!  Item arrived on time and as described.  Will feel very comfortable purchasing items again in the future.
B001U6YI92|5.0|Why anyone thinks they are going to get \\"Blu-Ray\\" quality video and DTS/Hi-Def audio out of a 45 year old movie is beyond me. I'm totally happy with this purchase. Still one of my favorite movies, and I wanted it in a format that is somewhat future-proof so I can enjoy it for many years to come.
B004MC8CA2|5.0|My husband and I recently downloaded this app mainly because we can view our notes from our pastor during church. We quickly learner this app was so much more. I would reccomend this app in a heartbeat! God is great!
B005HSL626|4.0|I like this game it is fun and addicting the ads are annoying but it is still fun to play. This is a fun game to play when I can not find anything to do I play this game.
B0063IH60K|5.0|Works great in kindle fire. Easy to use and reliable. This is the best free solitaire app that I have used so far.
B003L20IHE|5.0|This was a must moive for my house and was received within a short time and in great shape.  Excellent packaging and cover art original.
B005OCFGTO|5.0|Very good experience!  Item arrived on time and as described.  Will feel very comfortable purchasing items again in the future.
B001E75QH0|4.0|Is the video quality going to be better on a Blu-Ray? Probably not...not sure if the audio quality can be improved either. I suppose I should just be content with this set. The price was reasonable and it included the first three good/great movies and the last monstrosity that should never have been green-lit. The packaging is simple and decent looking. If you've gotta have the series on DVD, this is the way to go!
B005G4TJI4|5.0|THe young man I bought this for as a Christmas gift has watched this twice already since receiving it.  Thank you Amazon
B004U52VPS|5.0|Let me start with the fact that I am a mom to a 5 year old boy, toys do not last long in our house. In fact if I could rate most toys/games they would not rate very high. BUT I give this game 5 stars, not only is it built pretty well for a plastic toy made in China but it is actually fun for mom and dad as well. Five days after Christmas this is on the shelves at our local Toys R Us (12-30-11.) This would make for a great gift for an adult or child. For younger kids you can make up your own rules and have a blast. You will not be disappointed!
B005LLXB9K|5.0|I rented this on demand. Pearl Jam has always been one of my favorite bands and I loved how this documentary incorporated all different types of perspectives & music. I have a whole new respect for the band and what they do as musicians and artists. This is one of those things that you didn't want to end. Rock on guys!
B001P9KR8U|5.0|It was offered at a good price and it is a great movie.  The movie was sent quickly and as described.
B004GUSG4M|2.0|Not very good - it's very predictable and the ending is just, 'blah'.  I won't go into details about it because it could be considered a 'spoiler'.  The feeling I was left with upon completion of the book was, \\"Wow, that was a complete waste of time\\".
B0063IH60K|5.0|What more could you ask for?  It's everything a game of solitaire should be. I've also downloaded Free Cell &amp; Spider &amp; they're equally fun to play.
B0054JZC6E|5.0|this app is a very good app for all ages children really like it as much as the adults. lots of hours of gun
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|The album's music was not bad at all.  The fact that she had the guts to come out and support Congressman Ron Paul speaks volumes to this woman.  I seem to recollect that she said (I could be wrong) one of her songs was about praising Dr. Paul.  People have decried her by saying Dr. Paul is racist, Dr. Paul is far from racist, just read his books.  I am being a bit of tool buying her album, but that is okay, one more soul turned to Constitutional liberty deserves my support.  I love Dr. Paul and am proud of it.  I am proud of Miss Clarkson supporting Dr. Paul.  But most of all, I love our Founders because those men are the most brilliant to ever devise a Republic in the history of the World.
0061997811|5.0|I bought this book as a Christmas gift for my eight-and-a-half year old daughter who has seen all the movies, and is curently gobbling up the fourth book...She loves it! It is her favorite gift (even better than the Kinects) and she can't put it down. There are so many wonderful extras in the book- the marauder's map, Harry's acceptance letter to Hogwarts, a Proclamation Educational Decree poster #29 and so much more. My husband was afraid that this book would take some of the \\"magic\\" out of the movies for her, but it made her love them even more. There are full lay-outs dedicated to each main character, and many of the secondary characters as well. I can't say enough about this book!Iit is wonderful for any Harry Potter fan, young or old!
B004UHL9EK|1.0|Everytime a timer gets to zero the app closes.  I am not certain this is supposed to happen.  On the positive side I liked the fact that you can set multiple timers to work at one time.
1416955070|3.0|Starting the city of bones immediately feels like stepping back into adolescence. You're introduced to the main character Clary who seems easily relatable. The plot starts almost immediately as the heroine is introduced to a magical world she didn't know existed. While the book itself is a smooth read I found the plot eerily familiar. Both Harry Potter and Star Wars themes seem to have been used in this well intentioned magical tale.  While the world itself is a creation all her own, the authors inability to develop original plot made the story a bit of a letdown.  As magical tales go it is riveting from first page to last and will easily become a favorite for young readers just starting out.
1439153663|5.0|I was personally touched by this book in a way most novels don't affect me. Richly researched, it gives authenticity to the institution of slavery in the late 1790s. There is much sadness and death, but the story is so engaging that it's not easy to walk away from. I found myself stealing a little time here and there between holiday requirements just to find out what was going to happen next. Lavinia, the naive indentured servant who is the main focus of the book, is someone to root for, despite the mistakes she makes in the course of the story. I was often frustrated with Belle, the black woman who must care for Lavinia, yet her loyalty and passion for her family were inspiring. Our book-of-the-month choice for January, and I'm looking forward to discussing it. I recommend.
B005HQ5S3G|5.0|This is one of Kelly Clarkson's best albums to date.  I've listened to it so many times.  She definitely proves that her vocal talent is variable--she's able to do several different styles and nails it every time!!  She's definitely getting STRONGER!
B0063IH60K|5.0|uncomplicated several options for play colorful graphics. easy touch play. hints undo available all you need for a relaxing game of solitaire
B003YUC2FE|2.0|Tot story 3 DVD won't run, other are fine, this is difficult, because our grandson lives in Toronto and now his collection is not complete
B005HJWWW8|5.0|My audio system is just a 500W JVC shelf CD player, nothin fancy! I'm using Bose AE2 headphones , again nice but nothin fancy.  With the addition of the Fiio E6 amp the sound quality went from good to AMAZING!  You will not find a better audio upgrade at the very reasonable cost of the E6 amp.
