B000002NBY|5.0|There you'll see the stars this album deserves.  This summer my sister and I were able to go to see Paul Simon and Bob Dylan in concert. Paul Simon was surrounded by the greatest musicians from all corners of the globe  (radiating talent and passion!) I have ever had the privilege of hearing in  concert. When he sang &quot;She's a rich girl, she don't try to hide it. .  .&quot; and the others joined in with a bluegrassy &quot;Diamonds on the  soles of her shoes. . .&quot; I got goosebumps.  I feel very fortunate to  have heard and seen Paul Simon's talents live.  But if your CD player is  the only option, this album is the best choice.
0812550706|5.0|Orson Scott Card is at his best in this book. The characters are deep, well explored and tragic. The humanity exhibited is, at times, almost too much to bear.<br />Ender's story is the story of humanity: isolated, stressed  and hyperactive. And his story is the one I turn to, and have turned to  over the years, when I search for scraps of what makes us real. I would  recommend Ender's Game to anyone in search of an answer, and for anyone in  search of a great read.
B000009O8A|1.0|I first heard about this movie about twenty years ago and had always wanted to see it.It's been banned in the UK for many years and decided to use the u.s. mail service to get myself a copy.What a bad,bad decision!   This is without doubt the most boring,tedious,badly acted movie i have ever  witnessed.My Dvd copy is now used as a coaster!<br />David/England
B000005DQR|5.0|Get yourself ready for a whole new realm of sounds and landscapes with this album.  DJ Shadow is innovative and listenable, and has skills galore.
0880381736|5.0|Classic is all that needs to be said.  Read Chronicles, then Legends.  Read the full set of six.  I did in 1985 and was changed forever.<br />NOTE:Lord of the Rings pales in comparison.
0790738082|5.0|I have seen this movie approximately 30 times and am amazed how I do not grow tired of it.
B000003BES|5.0|This is of course one of the very greatest rock albums of all time, but I have one question--the version of &quot;Time Is On My Side&quot; on the original vinyl record had some simply nasty guitar licks at the very  beginning and in the middle solo section, just devastating.  Those all are  gone now!  The version on this CD has a mellow organ part instead.  What  happened to the original?  It should be restored to future pressings of  this CD!
630420065X|1.0|The only good thing about this flick is Vanessa Redgrave. The rest can't act. Period.
B000000W5F|4.0|A very good collection, and one of the few after 1972 that is actually enjoyable to listen to. Apart from all of the theorizing and critiques which everyone wants to do, that is still a good test of an album--is it  enjoyable to sit through. Sonny Rollins' sax playing is great.  I have  often wondered why great jazz musicians and top rock bands did not play  together more often, especially when one considers how many rock bands have  tried to improvise solos with varying degrees of success.  Rollins makes  &quot;Waiting For A Friend&quot; memorable.
B00000K19E|4.0|This movie starts out really good,then it gets very boring in the middle,then it gets really really good in the end. I'd have given it a 5-stars rating if only they had shown Carrie-anne Moss naked.
B000000W5H|2.0|There are 3 excellent songs here and a lot of professional, competent filler--but the Stones had been about rising above the merely competent. When this came out, I was hoping against hope that the Stones and other  late 1960s heroes would be able to sustain their creativity and energy  indefinitely.  This is one of those albums which revealed that it was not  to be.  I could tangibly feel the late 1960s great rock music scene  slipping away into a morass of mediocrity, and this album was one of the  key exhibits in that downward slide.  Of course by now the Stones have put  out so many mediocre products since this album that it all becomes somewhat  of a blur to a beginning listener, but this album was an important turning  point in the band's deterioration.
B00000K19E|5.0|I must say Keanu is one of my actors, and the character of which he portrayed in Matrix was no exception. I saw Matrix in the big screen, and it left me speechless. I preordered Matrix on DVD, and I'm sure it'll have  sharper picture than in the theatres. Only thing you'll lack from the DVD  copy's that you won't get the theatre quality sound. I don't care what kind  of sound system you have... unless you are George Lucas living at the  Skywalker Ranch. My recommendation, a must get for Sci-Fi audience.
B000000FG8|5.0|One of the best ska-punk cds ever. lyrics that fight hate, injustice, the police, and our modern day class system blended in with amazing, high energy music makes this a must have for any music lover, fans of punk-ska  or not.
B000002WUD|5.0|Although this statement of course appears to be far-fetched and perhaps even childish, it is my personal estimation of the material on these five discs. The songs are all great, and you can feel the story of the song in a  way I have only felt once before, when listening to a Sinatra ballad from  the 60's.
B000001G50|5.0|I first fell in love with Pachelbel's Canon when I heard a string quartet busking it on the street!  After hearing another recording, I was compelled to dig this one out.  And I was right: the sheer crispness of Von Karajan's  version gives the music a simplicity and emotional impact that is  unmatched.
B000002USN|5.0|I do not understand the other reviews' criticism of this marvellous album. It consists only of true Sinatra standards, and is what I would call the jewel in the crown in any Sinatra collection.
B000002UJQ|5.0|easily the best CD of 97..if not ever. Radiohead is a great group, this just enhances there greatness toan extent far surpassing any other group!
B000002WNP|5.0|Although the box set of the '70's is my personal favourite, both the first and the second box set deserve a five star rating. Because of the tremendous cultural treasures preserved in this expensive, but invaluable,  second set, I would recommend it to everyone - not only Elvis fans...
B000002TQV|5.0|all I can say is..EVEN BETTER THAN OK COMPUTER
B000002WMH|5.0|Simply one of the best box sets ever, this masterpiece within musical history is not only a collection of great songs, it is also a statement: Elvis Prelsey IS American music in the 1950's. He is THE musical icon of  the century, and this box set proves that he is still the most potent  figure in pop culture.
0140186409|5.0|Well, I hate to disappoint anybody, but I was forced to read this book over the summer for my LA class. But here's the suprise: I liked the book. Just because you have to read it doesn't mean you can't like it. This book  was very well written, but sometimes it ran a little slow and the  interchapters got a little confusing. But if you get time to read it, it'd  definately worth it. John Steinbeck was one of the greatest writers of this  century and this is one of his greatest books.
0060926317|5.0|Ever read 'The Celestine Prophecy'? I found this book works along the same sort of lines. In fact, I read this book in one sitting. There're aren't many books I found this good, so I'd recommend it highly for people fed up  with the devaluation of humanity in the modern world.
0380973464|3.0|This book is the second one by him that I have read, and he still is turning out entertaining books with some good points.  However, he needs an editor to tighten it up.  A lot of his book is showing off what he knows  about Asia, and he presents essentially a 2-dimensional version of the  past.  He knows more than most, but his plot and characters are only a  small step above typical stereotypes:  the tough but smart Marine with the  tough but beautiful daughter, the techie guy who really is cool and gets  the tough but beautiful daughter, the smart quick-thinking sales guy, the  &quot;wacky but sexy&quot; cryptographer and the &quot;inscrutable&quot;  Asian characters we always see in the mass media.<br />Still, it's a fun read.   Hopefully, he will let himself be edited!
B000009M5E|5.0|Marvelous all the singers, chorus and orchestra.  La Tebaldi and Bergonzi are superb! Also very interesting seem Marcello (Ettore Bastianini) and Musetta (Gianna d'Angelo). I strongly recommend this recording to all opera  lovers.
078322172X|4.0|Great acting, great script, great direction, great everything.  Brad Pitt and Bruce Willis show that yes, they can act well.  I still think Pitt deserved the Oscar for his role.  And how come Willis was automatically  looked over for what was obviously his best performance ever?  It does get  a bit confusing at times, but if you watch it once or twice, you'll get it.
B000002UCQ|5.0|this is the greatest rock album ever recorded.  No other artist has explored the intersections of rockmusic and spirituality like George Harrison (and this is the closest we humans will probably get to an  East-meets-West recording).  WAH-WAH (track #3)is a case in point.  And  it's too bad the Devil used the &quot;He's So Fine&quot; lawsuit (and even  Harrison's references to Krishna) to distract true believers from the  greatest love song ever written to God:  MY SWEET LORD.  No matter what the  mighty John Lennon preaches, George is the most Christ-like of the  Beatles--and you can hear it on this recording.  If Jesus played guitar and  sang, his record might sound something like this.  Every &quot;praise  band&quot; in every church in America &amp; the UK should be playing these  tunes for their Sunday morning worship services, instead of that horrid  Nashville Christian music (aka CCM).  During the course of my 30-year life  I have let all of the Beatles into my head and it seems George is the one  who gets to stay.
B00000J7J4|4.0|i bought the cd because of the single &quot;smooth&quot;, but the rest of the album did not dissappoint. the tracks not featuring guest vocalists are santana at his best - smooth, soulful and sufficiently modern. guest  performers put their own stamp on the tracks (sometimes too much so, making  you forget whose album it is), but the songs featuring the dave mathews  band, everlast, and rob thomas are terrific!
0385424736|1.0|Nothing is worse than a legal novel that fails to get the law straight. Mr. Grisham is supposed to be an attorney, but fails to get any of the legal details correct. For example, the defense attorney in this book  attempts to remove the case to federal court by filing a motion in state  court!  The only proper procedure to remove a case filed in state court to  is to file a notice of removal in federal court. The author's description  of bad faith law is also laughable- even a first year law student could do  a better job of getting the law right.  A great deal of time is spent in  the book concerning the removal of a letter by the insurance company from  its claim file. But what is the point of removing a letter that has already  been mailed?  If a company were going to conceal a document, it would  conceal a document that the plaintiff has never seen, or heard about.  Next, the main character is seriously flawed, and is no hero. In no  particular order of importance, he is guilty of practicing law without a  license, drunk driving, forming a partnership with a non-lawyer, improperly  soliciting clients, and murder. Just who is the bad guy here???  Grisham  completely misses the boat in this book.  It would not have taken a great  deal of effort to get the details correct.  Instead, he loses all  credibility as an author, especially an author of legal novels. Imagine, if  you will, a writer of Western novels having his hero mount a horse from the  right side, or saddle the horse backwards, and not have his readers laugh  at the absurdity of his effort.
6300213714|5.0|I FIRST SAW THE WARRIORS IN THE EARLY 1980S.WHEN IT WAS REALEASED IN 1979 I WAS ONLY 11YEARS OLD.SINCE THEN I AND MY FRIENDS HAVE SEEN IT OVER A HUNDRED TIMES,THERE ARE SOME MISSING SCENES THAT HAVE ONLY BEEN SEEN ON  TELEVISION,AND IT IS MY HOPE AND EVERY ONE I KNOW THAT THESE WILL SOMEDAY  BE PUT BACK IN TO THE VIDEO VERSION.THE FILM IS OVER TWENTY YEARS OLD AND I  THINK IT SHOULD BE REMASTERD FOR THE NEXT GENERATION TO ENJOY.MY COPY IS  JUST ABOUT HAD ITS DAY SO PLEASE RERELEASE IT SO WE CAN ENJOY ONE OF THE  BEST MOVIES OF THE SEVENTIES.
B00000J7RZ|1.0|Every one has there own opinion but I listened to this album and was dissapointed! Its really not good, catchy tunes but thats it.
0887307280|5.0|Michael Gerber has done an excellent job of explaining why most businesses fail.  Just think of McDonalds, Wal-mart and other protypeable businesses.  If you are thinking about going on your own, buying a franchise or are  working in a broken company, read this book.
0788811355|1.0|I thought this was a depressing, boring, and very slow film.  The main character was not sympathetic, as he was self-centered, egotistical, and an adulterer. Save your money,and don't waste your time watching this tripe.
0790733900|5.0|NEWMAN SPARKLES IN A ROLE THAT SHOULD'VE GARNERED HIM BEST ACTOR AT THE OSCARS. HIS OSCAR FOR COLOR OF MONEY WAS BASED LARGELY ON HIS BODY OF WORK OF WHICH COOL HAND LUKE PLAYED A HUGE ROLE. THE FILM IS FULL OF IMAGERY  (HARD BOILED EGG SCENE) AND EXCELLENT LINES SUCH AS &quot;CALLING IT YOUR  JOB OLE HOSS SURE DON'T MAKE IT RIGHT,&quot; A LINE USED BY JOHN MELLENCAMP  IN ONE OF HIS SONGS. SEE THIS MOVIE. YOU WON'T REGRET IT.
0141301139|4.0|The Fantastic Mr. Fox is a strangely funny book written by Roald Dahl.  I think Mr. Fox is so smart he could get away with anything he wanted to.  The three farmers are mean and extremely stupid!  One time, one of the  crazy farmers shot off Mr. Foxs tail.  Ouch!  I felt so bad for him.  I  recommend this book for readers of all ages especially those who have  enjoyed other books by Roald Dahl.
0783225970|5.0|i just have a few words let me buy it
B000002VCT|5.0|Alan Parsons creates the perfect theme album with Pyramid. The songs and instrumentals flow with ease and are sung and played by top performers. Pyramid, Eye in the Sky and I Robot have to be some of his best work.
0792151712|1.0|Did it really need to take   3 plus hours to say the boat sank? (by the way,that was the best part) This movie is amazing in one respect,it will always amaze me that people spent so much money to see it so many times. I  have had better times watching paint  dry,this movie is a classic example  of too much hype and too little pay-off  do yourself a favor, if you want  to see a movie worth the hype, see Star Wars:Episode One.
068484267X|5.0|I am so happy to have come across a book of this substance.  It was beautiful.  It made me laugh and cry out loud.  The book was very easy to read.  I read the majority of the book within 24 hours.  I couldn't put it  down!!  But as I came to the final 60 pages, I paced myself by reading 20  pages a night.  I didn't want it to end!  And it was such a wonderful treat  to curl up each night after a long day to read a book that truly takes you  to that time and era.  I cannot wait for 'Tis. Frank McCourt has a  wonderful way with dialogue.
B00000ADG2|5.0|LAURYN HILL, YOU NEVER SURPRISE ME. THIS CD IS DA BOMB, AND I WILL TELL ANYONE THAT. THIS IS THE FIRST CD THAT I HAVE EVER BOUGHT AND ACTUALLY LIKED ALL OF THE SONGS. WHATEVER SONG YOU COME OUT WITH OFF OF THIS CD WILL  BE DA BOMB. I'M SURE IT WILL BE AT THE TOP OF THE CHARTS. I DON'T HAVE TO  BE A PSYCHIC TO KNOW THAT THIS CD WILL RECEIVE EMMY AND GRAMMY NOMINATIONS.  GREAT JOB, LAURYN!!!
B00000JG41|5.0|To those who gave this album a one star rating, I suggest you take a step back from all that MTV garbage you listen to, open your mind, and at least acknowledge what sick talent these guys have.  Nobody can blend such  diverse sounds and so many instruments in one song and do it masterfully  like these dudes.  They change genres more time in one song then most bands  do there entire, and often short career.  If that's a problem for you, I  suggest you don't buy the album.  If you want to hear music produced by  PHENOMINAL musicians, then it's a must buy!  I saw them play back in August  in Houston and what an EPIC performance it was.  Holy Cow!
B00000K2SE|5.0|I was not expecting to be so blown away by this film.  Good films are rare -- good sci-fi films with an engaging message even rarer.  The Matrix is one of these rarities.  It asks the questions -- &quot;When are we gonna  wake up and see the craziness of the lives we're living?&quot; &amp;  &quot;How far are we willing to go to change things?&quot;  All this in  addition to the cleanest, most engaging visuals I've seen since Blade  Runner.
0375707972|1.0|I usually find the Oprah books very interesting, but not this one.  This was one of the most boring books I have read.    I skimmed through it just so I could find out what happened to Hannah and Michael.  I did not like  the fact that Hannah referred to Michael as &quot;kid&quot;.  If the author  did not specify Michael's name, we would have never known it until very  late in the book.  I don't give this a good rating at all.
B000002HH2|5.0|I saw Bjork in the swimming pool in Laugardalur, Reykjavik this summer. She was oh so friendly to her fellow swimmers and sunbathers. Her charm, hyper-normalcy and magnetic personality all shine through in her music.  Post is a rare treat for the soul. In a way her melodic innovation here is  as starlingly beautiful as that of the beloved Beatles.
B000002KDG|5.0|Neil Young provided another masterpiece when he dropped this nugget on the public. He shows his acoustic side on half the disc and then let's it rip on the other half. When you listen to Hey Hey My My, y'll understand why  bands from Seattle refer to him as an influence. Welfare Mothers is another  solid rocker. Pocahontas is a good acoustic number along with My My Hey  Hey, the acoustic version of the song mentioned above. Buy this and you'll  forget about artists like Pearl Jam.
B00000099Y|5.0|Awesome Album, The lyrics are a bit beyond me, but if you just let them wash over you, you get sucked into the Music, and Maynards voice completes the trip that is TOOL!!
B000002AZ8|1.0|Why even bother to release this stuff. These guys aren't Dylan...their outtakes are not that good. I know that these are not supposed to be second hand songs, but let's face it, these songs are just not that good. The only  thing they did worse was release the awful Last Kiss.
0446347949|5.0|This book will change the way you think about products in modern day society.  Every time I walk into a store I have a entirely different perspecitive on what I'm viewing.  Highly recommended for anyone in  marketing.
0156907399|5.0|Woolf, the &quot;Mother of Stream of Consciousness&quot; , is at her best in To the Lighthouse.  It is simply the most beautifully written novel in  the English language, period.  While some may feel Woolf and the Bloomsbury  crowd were insufferable snobs, there's no denying her triumph here.  Required reading for anyone interested in great literature.
6305078564|5.0|I remember watching this movie on A&amp;E in 1995. I was so happy when it came out on DVD I bought it and have watched straight through so many times I cannot count. I only wish that I could find the Music on CD. I will  continue to look and hope that it will eventually turn up somewhere.
0451169514|3.0|I have read most of King's books.  I have to say that It is pretty decent. I enjoyed the character developments, both as children and adults, as well as the events when the children came back to Derry as adults. The only  thing I did not like about this book is the interminable Derry Interludes.  I felt these sections of the book were too long and dull. When I read the  book now after my initial first reading, I skip the interludes and just  continue with the rest of the story. I feel the interludes could have at  least been shorter, and that would have made it an easier read.
0684857820|5.0|Reading this thriller brought back painful memories of the abuse I've received from men and how I was left feeling powerless. My hope is that men will read this book and begin to understand. Sebold is my hero.
B00000K2SC|5.0|What amazes me about the few harsh criticisms of this movie is how banal and superficial they are. Yes, Matrix is loaded with cool special effects, a killer score, and an overwhelming sense of paranoia, but remember that  the majority of the film takes place inside of a mainframe - it's not real.   Neo is a brilliant hacker without a clue as to how the technology he loves  is an extension of a much more sinister reality.  I knew I had seen a  brilliant movie when the foreshadowed use of Baudrillard's &quot;Simulacra  and Similarities&quot;, a treatise on the meaninglessness of defining  reality in a totally fabricated, digital, mass produced society, kept its  theme up until the credits started rolling.  The next time you login, go  through ticketron, or buy a bag of groceries think to yourself, &quot;I  wonder what's behind it all?&quot;<br />When I think of the pantheon of great  film, it's impossible not to draw comparisons between one movie and the  next.  Sure, The Matrix had elements of 2001 and BladeRunner, but it stands  on its own as a landmark acheivement.  Dark City explores reality subverted  into a scientific experiment, leaving the world, ultimately, in the hands  of one man; eXistenz is a game which blends far too easily with reality;   The Matrix is something totally new.  Reality doesn't exist at all, or at  least given the choice, who would choose to live outside the Matrix?  The  viewer, should they choose to really think about it rather than expect to  be entertained, is left with a sense of dread and despair.  This is not a  feel good, rah rah humanity film, and it is great because it leaves us with  existential questions we probably have considered but have rarely seen in  any form of media.<br />The Wizard of Oz said &quot;Pay no attention to the  man behind the curtain!&quot;  We should immediately quip &quot;Why  not?&quot;
B00000JZC4|5.0|I love Filter and all of their songs rule
6305531374|5.0|This movie should have been Halloween 3.  It's action packed, supenceful, and down-right scary.  People say that this movie could have been more like the original, it's almost identical to the original people!  If John  Carpenter had slapped his name on this you people would think it was gold!   By the way, to the review before me.  Michael is only 41, and this was  number seven.
6304639457|5.0|Absolute must-have! If you know the history, the conflicts and tragedies of this band, this concert takes on more meaning than any before it.  The energy and interaction between all five members just pulls you onto the  stage with them.  The Mac dishes up the comfort food of the past and offers  4 new tunes to make you think in the now.  They all sound wonderful-every  single one of them.  As always, Stevie was absolutely fabulous!! Her voice  is still unbelievable! She is unlike anyone before, or since. Lindsey and  Mick are powerful and Christine has grown even better with the years. John  exhibits his talent excellently. You can't watch this and not notice the  spark between Stevie and Lindsey.  It's STILL there, but somehow wiser.   Knowing what brought them to this point makes it all the sweeter.  I cannot  say enough about this video.  Fantastic!!!!!
0792156684|5.0|Forget the negative criticisms - 11 Academy Awards says it all. Mind you, I think they were robbed. Especially Kate Winslet and Leonardo DiCaprio who kept the story (pardon the pun) afloat during this 3 hour epic. I usually  become bored with long romance movies, but this had me rivetted throughout.  3 hours? Seemed like 45 minutes. It passed so quickly! James Cameron you  are a genius! You deserve every penny that falls into your pocket for  having the balls to defy the Hollywood moguls' penny pinching and make  &quot;Titanic&quot; how YOU wanted it to be made. My only criticism with  the DVD is that there is no behind-the-scenes footage, doco or deleted  scenes....and we know there are many that hit the cutting room floor. No  doubt a &quot;director's cut - special edition&quot; is on the drawing  boards....you crafty lot! I wait with baited breath.
0871137380|5.0|Having served in a Ranger Battallion in the early 90s, I read this book with skepticism regarding the lack of miltary experience of the author. The first 5 pages fixed that. The effort of the author is amazing in the amount  of research and the accurate descriptions of unit organization, weapons,  and tactics that are used in Special Operations. The unit descriptions,  attitudes and characterization of the individual units are all right on  target. Having met the Task Force Commander in a Florida swamp years ago,  it automatically verified the authors account. Mark Bowden does an  excellent job. The story speaks for itself, a harrowing look into an  intense military operation that goes south. Most impressive is the amazing  character,  heroism and loyalty of modern day young Americans and the price  that they voluntarily pay to serve the greatest country in the world. With  soldiers like this it is easy to understand how we are in that position. A  great book.
0767802659|5.0|You clever man Paul Verhoeven! You knew that DVDs would be the next biggest thing to hit our entertainment units, and you made a film especially for this medium. Mind-blowing digital effects, spectacular  surround sound....this is THE ultimate movie that a DVD owner should have  in their library. I have watched this title about 50 times now (no  exaggeration) and I am still amazed by it every time. I have played it on  slow speed and advanced it frame by frame and I still can't tell what's  fake and what's not. The story is simple: Clean cut kids fight deadly  arachnid aliens to save the Earth from destruction. Who cares about the  story? This is a sight and sound roller coaster ride. Turn the lights down  low, crank the surround sound to high and be blown through the ceiling by a  truly great sci-fi adventure movie. Please Mr Verhoeven, make  &quot;Starship Troopers 2&quot;. You left the ending way open for a sequel.
0385484518|5.0|You will not regret the short time it will take you to read it...and the enrichment you will receive from it will be invaluable!
6305428298|5.0|I wasn't expecting great things when I first sat down to watch &quot;Little Voice&quot;. My God, was I blown away. What a movie! What a cast! And Jane Horrocks (Bubble from &quot;Absolutely Fabulous&quot;) what  a voice! A shy, young introvert (Horrocks) locks herself away in her room  where she mimicks Judy Garland, Marilyn Monroe and Shirley Bassey in an  attempt to escape her over-bearing, loud, common mother (played to the hilt  by the brilliant Blethyn). Enter a sleazy, slimy talent agent (Caine) who  discovers her and tries to cash in on Little Voice's amazing talent. I  won't say too much more except you MUST buy this movie to add to your DVD  library! If only to hear Horrocks' voice. Yes, she actually sang all the  numbers herself in this movie....AMAZING! Why didn't this movie win an  Academy Award for something? Who votes in the winners? Are they blind as  well as deaf? What's wrong with Hollywood today?
B00000J7JO|4.0|A funky combination of bass lines and guitar riffs that puts the Peppers back on the map.  Good listening.
0201485672|5.0|...buy Design Patterns.  But if you buy a SECOND, get this book!  I can't recommend it highly enough.
0440211727|5.0|A riveting read with racism as the ticking time bomb.  Fascinating characters and non-stop plot. One of Grisham's best.
B000003S0F|5.0|Music fans can argue endlessly about the BEST KING CRIMSON ALBUM...It is a pity they often overlook this ingenious masterpiece. I've never heard any saxophone player in rock who can repeat what Mel Collins doeson this album.  Yes, it is difficult to percept ISLANDS from the first attempt, but guys -  this music is so wonderful, this lyrics is so rich !
B000002VDW|5.0|I can't say I agree with the two star review below.  I own most of Al's albums, and this one is amongst my favorites.  Come to think of it, it's one of the best CDs I own.  There are truly no bad songs on here.  Tracks  like Timeless Skies, End of the Day, and Almost Lucy are exceptional, and  The Palace Of Versailles is both beautiful and haunting.  Throughout, Peter  White's and Tim Renwick's guitar playing hold the listener spellbound.  All  in all, a fine effort that belongs in any serious CD collection.
6305524866|5.0|EmmaThompson stated,&quot;that if Hugh Grant had not agreed to do &quot;Sense&amp;Sensability&quot; prior to &quot;Four Weddings&quot;,she never could have afforded him then.&quot; This film is the only one my  husband and I agree on watching together,and we have many,many times. I  recall dialogue and end up laughing outloud, even in public.It has an  honesty that carries  throughout the entire film.Especially the funeral.  There is a core group of brillant actors from England that continue to  perform and excite the senses and leave one fully surprised by their  cameleon like abilities in film and on stage. Grant and MacDowell have the  chemistry of those wonderful actors of the past. A delicious give and take,  eyes sparkling, and yet we, the viewers get the 'moment' as well.This is a  warm,witty and intelligent film not to be passed up for one's film  archives.
0671027344|4.0|This book is one of the best I've ever read but I wouldn't reccomend it for any one who is nieve.  It pretty accurately depicts the feelings of some teens, but it also throws in some pretty heavy stuff.
B000002NJS|5.0|This is a CD you can listen from beginning to end and enjoy every song.  This CD is by far Madonna's best.  Some things do get better with age.
1558216847|5.0|According to scriptsales.com, the rights were bought by Warner Bros. sometime in Sept/Nov of '97.  I've always pictured a foriegn director handling this material.[ Recently, Pavel Chukhraj (The Thief) came to mind]  The idea of a pretty Hollywood star spearheading a project involving one of  my most beloved books makes me shudder. I'd rather the script collect dust  somewhere. Thankfully, from the looks of it, it is.
079073804X|5.0|I saw it some 24 years ago when I was just 14 years old.  Still scares the crap out of me !  My only dissapointment is that they did little to enhance the sound for those of use with booming home theatres.  It could have been  made even scarier !!!
0792151720|3.0|James Cameron more successfully explores  the concept of free-will vs. destiny in his Terminator movies, and gives a stronger illustration of female empowerment not only in the two Terminators but also in True Lies.  Still, at more than 3 hours, I was never bored, although some of the  characters' behavior was rather improbable.  And the love story is only a  tad bit deeper than the romance in Dirty Dancing.  Not the best movie ever  made, but also not the worst.
B000002PCS|5.0|From the moment I saw this film, I fell in love with the music.  The music also fills my heart with the memories of my first love, who gave this soundtrack (on cassette) to me on my birthday back in 1986!  This cassette  has travelled all over the world with me, long after my first love and I  parted ways after high school.  I have recently been in touch with this  person and thanked him for his precious gift of long ago.  He couldn't  believe that I still had the cassette!  I have looked many times for this  CD but to no avail.  It is now time to upgrade to a CD (thnaks to  Amazon.com) but I will always chereish my first cassette and the memories  the music holds for me!
0792153294|2.0|Long, boring, self serious without any believable characters.  The writers should have taken some clues from people's behavior during the Cuban Missile Crisis to determine what would happen in  this situation.  At least  Armageddon knew it was stupid.  The people who made this movie should have  ripped off more from On The Beach and less from When Worlds Collide.  Funniest bit from the movie:  The Statue of Liberty getting knocked over by  a giant tidal wave, causing several members in the audience at the theater  where I saw it to shout out Charlton Heston's famous last line from Planet  of the Apes.  I also found it odd that Morgan Freeman's final speech in  Deep Impact was parodied more than one year earlier in Tim Burton's  somewhat funnier Mars Attacks!.
0792156684|5.0|To not like this movie, is to have no heart. It's a movie people!!!! You got to look beyond the wide screen and open your mind and your heart. A reality or fiction- There could have been a couple going through that very  scene or some form of it. It's reality of life we choose not to accept. It  was a truly exceptional way of looking at what people went through on that  &quot;so called&quot; big Boat- A reality!. I cried- and I don't cry in  Movies!!! Braveheart although equally riveting, was in a totally different  era- a totally different mind set. Life is full of  love,happiness,passion,hate,and fear. This movie had it all. I reccommend  this movie to all, who enjoy the love of a man and woman, as well as the  curiousity of true History. Of course this is only my opinion.
6305169195|2.0|Oddly enough, most of those plot holes could have been elliminated with some decent editing.  Extremely stupid, Bay &amp; Bruckheimer try to hide the flaws by cranking up the noise level and  jazz up their usual formula  by ripping off the improbable Titanic love story plot.  As it is, turn down  the volume and those guys at Mystery Science Theater 3000 have their next  feature film.
B000006IUQ|5.0|This is not some Grizzly Adams flick as some might think.  Its an intellectual well written script, challenging the audience rather than dumbing it down as we often see.<br />One of the great movies of this decade.
6302424739|5.0|Funny, intelligent, and ultimately rather sad.  It is the only movie that successfully brings a tear to my eye every time I watch it.
B00000JPH5|5.0|I have loved this movie since I was a small child.  Granted, I am only fifteen now; but I will never lose my devotion to this movie.  I would rent it and rent it, over and over, and when I tried to buy it, I found out it  wasn't being sold anymore.  I couldn't figure out why they'd stop  production of such a classic.  But when I found out it was going to be  re-released, I jumped at the oportunity-I have a reserved copy, you ought  to get one too.  Bowie is superb as Jereth, the King of Goblin City, and  all the other characters are immediately part of your heart.  If you're  debating buying this movie, stop-GET IT, this could be your last  opportunity!!!
0451198670|1.0|I was very disappointed with this book.  I thought I read a good review of it somewhere, or maybe I just read the reviews in the book itself, but after I made the mistake of buying it, there was no way I could read more  than a few pages.  It was so trite. I was able to resell it at a used book  store, though.
006019250X|5.0|I have read this book several times.  I find myself passing it on to others, especially youth.  I am buying yet another copy to read outloud to inspire the high school students I teach art to.
0064400557|1.0|I didn't like this book because it had a rotten and badending. This book wasn't the greatest.
B000000Y27|5.0|This may be Wes' best CD.  If you like Benson or Scofield...  Cool.  But here is the pioneer. Every jazz fan should have this one. You'll only want to buy more.
B0000009TJ|4.0|Among the many highlights of this superbly recorded double-CD live set are a reggae &quot;Ring Of Fire&quot;, a superb extended version of Zoot Allures' &quot;Torture Never Stops&quot;  and the four-track set from One  Size Fits All that closes Disc 1.  Large portions of the shows captured  herein are given to swipes against country singer Johnny Cash and disgraced  televangelist Jimmy Swaggart.  This in itself is a fine recommendation to  buy the album.  Otherwise, this is the quintessential late-period Zappa  live set.
0684867621|4.0|This was my first Stephen King book which is probably why I liked it (not having any of his other books to compare it to).  I was drawn into the story and felt the pain Trisha went through as she found herself lost in  the woods.  I thought her feelings were totally realistic - one minute she  was feeling extremely satisfied and content with feeling full for the first  time in her life and then she was having a screaming temper tantrum wanting  to get out the woods immediately.  I might have to try another King book  and see what I think
6303379214|5.0|one of the best movies ever made - sure it's predicitable but you'll love every second of it
0425074811|1.0|Traditional archaeology is being proven mistaken in its assessments of man's early history on an almost daily basis. However, Von Daniken's wild speculations about alien intervention detract from the work of &quot;outsiders&quot; to the dominant paradigm who combine real scientific investigation with fresh outlooks on discovering man's true history.
0671578278|5.0|A joy. Easily the most finely plotted book she's written, and also the funniest: bringing characters from the dozen-odd previous books in the series together to deeply satisfying effect. Bujold fans will have seen  this one coming a long way off - the book where Miles finally sorts his  love life out, yes! - and will have high expectations. Bujold exceeds them.  Love, politics, high drama... and, of course, butter bugs.
6303332609|5.0|it is so funny i see it alot on tv but never in video stores if you want it buy it you wont be disapointed you will laugh your ass off
B00000K2SE|5.0|This was an awesome movie for sci-fi fans and for movie fans. The special effects were incredible. The story is somewhat confusing at first but hold on to the end and you'll really appreciate it. I have seen it 5 times  already in the theater and I can't wait until it released for home use. I  would highly recommend buying the widescreen version so that you don't miss  any of the special effects!!!
0767824571|5.0|Great sound and video for a movie made 25 years ago. This is still one of the funniest movies ever made and I enjoy it over and over again.
0899663036|5.0|There are hardly words adequate to describe the impact that reading this book has had on my life.  Any girl who grew up with a &quot;Johnny Nolan&quot; for a father has this book written upon her soul.  A heartfelt  story of unconditional and triumphant love.  I have never read another book  like it, and know I never will.  It is beautiful.
B00000J7J4|5.0|Santana is undeniably one of the greatest guitarists ever! He is one with the guitar. Here he presents one of the best collections of work he has ever produced. The best song in this CD is also my new all-time favorite,  &quot;Smooth&quot; with Rob Thomas. That is just one of the greatest songs  of the year! I listen to it everyday! And &quot;Supernatural&quot; came at  the perfect timing, when our Latin culture is invading this country.  &quot;Supernatural&quot; is an impressive collection of great music, it is  one of this year's best releases by a well-known artist. This is great  music to cherish, to listen to and concentrate on the lyrics. I absolutely  loved it and recommend it.
B00000490M|5.0|I'll admit it.  I'm biased.  I love this film.  To me, it's a bit like Jaws, in that, it created or expanded on a genre so much, that it became a sort of cultural icon.  As a consequence, people have forgotten just how  powerful the film is as a stand-alone film.  Everyone thinks of this movie  in terms of cliches, but it really is an exceptionally-well done piece of  work.  I still fell that Pat Morita was robbed of the Best Supporting Actor  award in '84.  The &quot;drunk&quot; scene is exceptional.  Those familiar  with the film will agree.  Do yourself a favor and rent or buy this  terrific little movie.  Oh, Bill Conti's score is surprisingly effective,  as well.
B00000IGGA|5.0|i agree the first track is horrid, but the rest of the album is immensely listenable. the collection includes some hearbreaking simple ballads, a hilariously twisted approach to the body of christ, a whale-song  accompanied jazzy thing, a spoken-word paranoia study which sounds like  orson welles.... and enough atmospheric sounds to put us firmly into a  dusty depression-era netherworld. the final track wraps everything up  joyously.
6303908306|5.0|It was extremely well done. Most movies that have flashback sequences to them either lose you or bore you, but this one did neither one. If you like suprise endings see, &quot;The Usual Suspects&quot;!
B00000064G|5.0|If the definition holds true for &quot;flavour&quot; being that of characteristic or predominant quality, then Pink Moon can certainly be defined as &quot;Lyrical Flavour.&quot;  Drake's music tends to reach that  sixth sense of humanity.  Each song leads you deeper and deeper into his  world, albeit somewhat sad at times, you're apt to connect with his  inspiring emotions making it impossible to shake his songs from your mind  once heard.  Drake's music will forever be timeless.  Pink Moon is quietly  powerful, and with each listen you'll find yourself being beckoned to the  CD player hitting the &quot;Repeat All&quot; button as I have so many times  before.
0688171664|2.0|I read this for a philosophy course--and, yes, I read it all the way through, attended class, participated in discussion.  I still couldn't tell you what this book is about.  Its subject is surprisingly inscrutable,  despite the novel's very readable style.
0792156684|2.0|I refused to see this movie at the theater. Mainly because everyone told me, &quot;you have to see it, it is so awesome!&quot; Nothing could be this good. Finally, When the video was released I watched it. It was a little  better than I expected, but thats not saying much. I did however, enjoy the  last hour of the movie. The special effects were phenomenal. But, idiotic  dialogue and an uninspired performance from Dicaprio sunk this movie for  me. And I have to say that the last time Dicaprio was really good was in  &quot;Gilbert Grape.&quot; I thought about purchasng the DVD but WHY? There  are almost no extras on this disk! A Theatrical trailer? Thats all we get?  Where is the directors commentary? What about deleted scenes or a behind  the scenes documentary? Well, I guess a mediocre movie deserves an equally  mediocre DVD.
0792156684|5.0|It's a touching film that centers around this innocent romance between Winslet &amp; Dicaprio, that happened to occur on the Titanic (the whole world knows this). The ending was horrifying and very tragic. I cried  because it was so sad, I somehow wish that I could take a time machine back  to the night this occured, &amp; warn the captain &amp; crew theres an  iceberg ahead. This film was deserving of the oscars it won, as well as the  business it generated. A very moving and well made film!
6302902010|1.0|I will settle for nothing less than the original with Sidney, Sammy, Pearl &amp; Dorthy.  It is my understanding that Sidney is the hold up because he thought it to be so demeaning a role.  It is in popular demand.  I've been  waiting for years and years to see it.  The performances were Oscar worthy.   Please, Please I'd like to see it before I die (smile)
0800193334|2.0|Sometimes you need art explained to you, and maybe that's why I had a mixed reaction to the film MATILDA.  It did not bore me, that's for sure.  I thought child actor Mara Wilson did a great job in the title role.  Were  the filmmakers telling the story through the point of view and imagination  of a little kid?  That would explain why this adult had trouble  understanding MATILDA. Growing up helps you forget some of the confusion  and pain - as well as free spirit - we all probably had in childhood.  My  favorite scene: Matilda's dance to &quot;Little Bitty Pretty One,&quot;  because through all that turmoil, she's making her life what she wants it  to be.
B000001EL7|3.0|I finally found a band capable of writing so many foolish lyrics like AC/DC: this is Kiss on this CD. But the rock is there, good as ever. At the lyric department, at least, they improved so much, like in &quot;Music from  the Elder&quot; and, say what you wante, in &quot;Psycho Circus&quot;.
B00000DMJF|5.0|I can't believe the negative reviews on this album. granted there are a few throw-away songs here but come on; you've got some of the best they ever did. Check out glass onion, i'm so tired, the monkey song and a number  of others. The singing is great the guitar work is top notch and the  songwriting is second to none. Even george martin had other ideas for this  album.
B00000BKDY|3.0|The only flaw in this album is its real lack of &quot;power&quot; and &quot;energy&quot;. Is has no &quot;punch&quot;. Artistically, it is perfect, considering Maiden style of songwriting. But it sounds weak, like  if the musicians were tired, very strange... It was the beggining of the  creativity downfall, briefly forgotten by the masterpiece &quot;Seventh  Son&quot;
B000002TQV|5.0|Radiohead's The Bends is like a drug - I'm totally addicted. Every song is so awesome it's hard to pick my favorite.  Fade Out is so beautifully done the music and Thom Yorks voice just gets to the core of your soul.  The  Bends and American Express - I never leave home without it.
B000001ELP|4.0|This album was born from a Gene Simmons idea for a conceptual albun, the first and only by Kiss. The fans hated it, and as a result this was, at time, the worst selling Kiss album, and they never performed any of the  songs live, never! &quot;Dark Light&quot;, by Frehley, is the best!
6305291489|5.0|Having read through a few of the reviews for this film, I am suprised to see a few 1 and two star ratings. For me, it has been one of the most heartwarming films I have seen this Year, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Call  me sentimental if you will, but the public need to see a few more films of  this calibre on their TV Screen.
6305297525|4.0|After seeing the film, I decided to read the book.  The book is filled with lots and lots of mechanical details while the film is a tour of the feelings of the soul.  Okay, this is one person's view of what the  afterlife might be like.  <br />The visual effects are stunning.  The story  line (again much more coherent than the book) can capture your immagination  and lift your spirit.  <br />As videos are the &quot;books&quot; of the next  millenium I'm keeping this on in my library for those days when I need that  lift to sagging spirits.
B00000I8UD|2.0|Dull music from one of my favorites.  It doesn't contain any memorable songs; they just seep and ooze one into another.  I've played this three times and have given up.  Very uninspired.  Too bad.
0131103628|5.0|The Australian and the other idiot don't know what they're talking about, or just don't know enough about computers to even care.  This book was written by the two that actually conceived and designed the C programming  language.  Kernighan and Ritchie put a lot of time and effort into this  book, and it is indispensible.  This is hardly a book for beginners - this  is for the already experienced programmer who wants to brush up on the C  language structure, oddities, or whatever else (s)he may need.  An  excellent book - highly recommended.  Check out C++ Programming as well, by  Bjarne Stroustroup.
B00000K19E|5.0|Bought a DVD player just for this movie. I'll let you decide how excellent a movie I thought it was.
0767824571|5.0|One of the funniest movies ever made
0345347951|5.0|This book is a very good &quot;Alien Invasion&quot; book.  The story is completely unpredictable and is best enjoyed when the reader knows little about what is going to happen at the end.  The downfall is that parts of  the book can really get boring.  But if you have the patience to continue  on, you won't be disappointed!!
6300274268|5.0|This is simply the best Disney movie ever, I love this movie, its a trip
B00000JCB2|4.0|This is the thing,Limp Bizkit are experimenting.Fred Durst said that this album was simply showing more of himself on this album...I understand. It's just that they should experiment with better things. Alternative music has  been done before and better,I just turned sixteen and can tell you that  Nirvana was the greatest alternative band.This album isn't bad it's just  that it's trying to hard.Limp went from rap/metal to alt/rap with  metal.&quot;Trust?&quot; is actually my favorite Limp song and this album  has some good tracks on it too.Wes Borland rules.
6304999275|5.0|I loved Anastasia! It is a must see. The CD is was good. I love the song Once Upon A December. It was great. You must see it.
B00000IO4I|5.0|I just want to sayt that this movie was vaztly entertaining.  I really loved it and could watch it again and again.  Wonderful preormances, especially Jane Horrocks.  She has unbelievabe talent
0783211856|5.0|This is the film with which Spielberg broke his crowd-pleasing popcorn flick mold, and he did it in fine style.  In a way that few films since Welles' &quot;Citizen Kane&quot; have, Spielberg invents a new language for  film--grave, violent, steady.  It is an enormous film with an enormous  central character, and it takes an enormous actor to fill the role.  Liam  Neeson plays Oskar Schindler as a man of excesses who happens to also be  brave and compassionate beyond even his own expectations; it is a  performance of great subtlety and weight.  In my opinion, Neeson in this  film ranks with Brando in &quot;On the Waterfront&quot; and De Niro in  &quot;Taxi Driver&quot;.  Spielberg finally won an Oscar, and though it  shouldn't have been his first (how can you deny &quot;Close  Encounters&quot;?), it is by far his most deserved.  Of course, it probably  helped his case that the film was about the Nazi Holocaust--if he'd  directed another film of this quality on a different subject, he probably  wouldn't have won--which doesn't mean he wouldn't have deserved to.
068815333X|5.0|I really enjoyed this installment of the Kenzie/Gennaro/Bubba series. I read Gone,Baby, Gone, but didn't feel the excitement like I felt in this one.  It is a true page turner and I want to read it all over again.  I was  shocked and scared, disgusted and cracking up out loud at parts.  I like  Lehane and can't wait to go back and read the other two novels.
B000000W5B|1.0|This is the first failure of the Stones' career, and it really hurt at the time of release.  The music scene was drying up in 1973 anyway, and then this lackluster, dull, tired effort came out and it was so disappointing.   It is not so much that the songs are slight, although some are, but so many  are performed in a tired out way, with sophisticated polish but without the  passion that had been at the heart of the Stones work up to this point.   This is the first boring Stones album.  Those of us who loved them from the  beginning knew that it would never be the same again, and in fact it  wasn't.
0684867621|4.0|I've read many reviews by King fans who are not happy with this book.  Can it be that you are not Red Sox fans?  Can it be that you don't understand what King was going for in this book?  It does not all have to be action,  horror, monsters or fear.  This is the story of a lost girl who perseveres  and survives.  She has a hero who inspires her and after a few days, lives  with her in her hungered mind.  I loved this book.  I think that King is  exploring other avenues with great success.
B00000IOSU|4.0|My sister-in-law and dear friend, Lisa, passed away on August 7, 1999 from cancer. She was a remarkable person whom I will always remember and whose memory I will forever hold in my heart. She selected &quot;Angel&quot; as  the song she wanted to have played at her funeral. It was a beautiful  tribute and message. Sarah's incrediby rich voice filled the chapel and  brought tears to everyone's eyes. I will always cry when I hear this song.  I am glad for the good memories of Lisa that I have and that her love of  music, books and life will always be with me.
B000002NJS|5.0|I am a really big fan of Madonna's work, and her newest album Ray Of Light is a &quot;True Blue&quot; masterpiece! She is such a great artist and I can't wait for her new album
B000001FY9|5.0|Maximum of 1,000 words can be used, but only 1 is necessary: PERFECTION
0790729644|1.0|This is one of the most overrated movies in recent memory.  So often Hollywood awards an actor late in his career, acknowledging past slights. So, you have John Wayne winning the Oscar for True Grit, when he should  have won it years ago for other roles. And now you have Clint Eastwood  winning awards for this movie...boring, dreary, and very dark. To see Clint  at his best, check out The Outlaw Josey Wales, and save your money and  time. Clint sold out to Hollywood a long time ago, and should retire  gracefully (and soon!)
B000002UW1|5.0|I really love this album.  I have been listening to it for years and still love it.
0800196155|5.0|Last time my 5 and 4 year old grandaughters visited, we rented Fly Away Home.  We were all completely enthralled with it and watched it 3 times.  When their mom and dad came to pick them up, we ALL watched it together.  I  was surprised at how well the girls handled the early scenes of the fatal  car wreck.  Fortunately, this is done under the opening credits, is over  quickly, and is handled as tastefully as possible.  From then on, the movie  soars.  A beautiful movie about the redeeming value of love and caring -  the motherless girl and the motherless geese flying together.  The music  and photography are also splendid.
0062502174|5.0|A magical tale that can inspire one to trust thier heart.  Goeth &quot;Trust yourself &amp; you will know how to live&quot;  This book is an easy read so even the beggining reader can.  However, I also read The  Valkeries by the same author &amp; it destoyed to fantacy for me, so I read  The Alchemist again &amp; still the adventure came alive in my life.
6305499365|5.0|Mike Judge has taken his great &quot;King of the Hill&quot; humor and put it in every office cubicle by this very funny and smart debut. Relatively unknown Ron Livingston gives a perfect performance as a getting-sick-of  the-nonsense-around-here computer drone who is changed by a hypnosis  suggestion that he just not worry about his work. So he doesn't-literally.  Leads to a promotion. He teams up with Jennifer Aniston is a classic  restuarant scene when she asks him what he does &quot;I don't like my job-  I'm not going back&quot;-- &quot;so you're quitting?&quot;-- &quot;No, I'm  just not going back&quot;. Tend to think the humor is more directed towards  guys- Michael Bolton a worthy target-- and that infamous  &quot;Oh&quot;face.  Funniest movie since &quot;Lost In America&quot;
B000002UEB|5.0|The idea of a &quot;concept&quot; album is not new,but these guys brought &quot;production&quot; to a higher level, on this CD....Mindcrime IS and always will be a classic of unparalled excellence....It&quot;s been said  that &quot;The sum is greater than the individual parts&quot;...and this CD  proves that...This WORK could NOT have possible without the individual  efforts of every member of the band....striving for ONE cohesive  sound......And let&quot;s don&quot;t forget the&quot;Moronic  Monks&quot;.....They made the &quot;religious feel&quot; of this recording  possible.....Thanks to everyone,Especially Geof,Scott,Chris,Eddie,&amp;  Michael (who are these guy&quot;s ???)....... &quot;I remember now...I  remember how it started&quot;.........
B00000K3G8|5.0|I wish they'd have included EVERYTHING from the expanded movie release, but oh well.  The CD is one of my top 10 (and was in its original release as well).  My only complaint is that the booklet appears to be the same  inside with only a different cover.  Why not some historical notes.
006109594X|5.0|My friend passed this to me on a long delayed airplane flight.  After telling him that it had no redeeming literary qualities, I proceeded to devour the entire book.  Total trash, silly implausable characters - what a  fun read to pass the time on a noisy airplane ride.
0790735954|5.0|BEST BOOTCAMP I HAVE EVER SEEN IN A MOVIE. SO CLOSE TO THE REAL THING IT BUGS ME!!!
0374172897|5.0|The book is very well written.  It makes me think about what's important in life and what I want in life.  I highly recommend it.
B00001OH1S|5.0|Just as the movie was pure pleasure, so goes this soundtrack.  One of a few of my soundtrack collection that I pat myself on the back for getting.  The selections that have been compiled and fused to the movie make this one  a winner!
630463949X|5.0|If you are a fan of Fleetwood Mac and have followed the love affair of Stevie and Lindsey, you will be touched by this concert. This concert will keep you glued to the screen, you can see and feel the happiness and sorrow  in their voices and body language of all the memories this group has  together. You feel as if Stevie and Lindsey are still not over each other,  the way they sing to each other especially in the song &quot;Silver  Springs&quot;. Very emotional!!!! This DVD is definitely one you must  own!!!!
B00000K19E|3.0|How'd they do that thing with the Great and Mighty Oz?  I loved the part where the girl dumped the water on the witch
B00000K19E|2.0|While special effects were well done, the acting, story content, and overall picture quality were generally lacking.  You can dress up a pig, but that don't mean you can take him to the banquet!<br />Save your money!   Others did by choosing to see Phantom Menace instead!
B000002HK4|4.0|They play so brilliantly you almost don't care about the songs.  They have all the right influences (Kansas/Queen/Genesis) but prepare yourself for something that sounds like the break from 21st Century Schizoid Man, but  lasts 20 minutes.  Now if they had someone like Tony Banks writing their  tunes......
0783225881|5.0|I love this movie!  ...there, that's done.  NOW.  The real issue. This is a FANTASTIC DVD with a lot of GREAT bonus features, which in my mind is the TRUE making of a great DVD.  I was pleasantly surprised by the &quot;Field  of Dreams Scrapbook&quot;, which is an extensive behind-the-scenes section  lasting about 80 minutes (almost as long as the movie itself!), with VERY  interesting interviews with Costner, Madigan, the director, the baseball  advisor, the composer James Horner, Tim Busfield, the production designer,  Ray Liotta, Burt Lancaster, novelist W.P. Kinsella, James Earl Jones, and  on and on.  It just keeps getting better and more interesting as it goes  on.  The director reveals LOTS of interesting tidbits about the making of  the movie, and there's some really heart-warming interviews with the cast  and crew. If you're a DVD purist, you can't miss with this one. Oh, and the  movie gets me every time.  One of the best &quot;male&quot; movies, in my  opinion.
B00000JCOV|1.0|Whoever thinks this is METAL must be either really ignorant or really stupid.  Don't waste your money on this garbage.
0671027344|5.0|this was and is the best book i have ever read.  if i could of given this book more than one star i would of.
0679746048|5.0|i read this for a biography in my 8th grade class. i luved it. it was really good. she wasent afraid to say anything but the truth and is a really good book for people my age, helps you understand sertant thing's  you would'nt know inless you read this book! ta ta
B000005KFI|5.0|This album shows the true musical genius that is Blackie Lawless. If you are into Hard Rock/Metal music, YOU MUST OWN THIS CD!!!....This thing is wild and beautiful at the same time...It sends shivers down my spine every  time I listen to it. ***** isn't enough to rate it....GET IT!!!
B000002NJS|5.0|After one year, I am still stunned by this release from Madonna. All the hits are effective, and there is a leap into credibility that hasn't been present with Madonna before. Being a huge fan of her music, especially the  early club days to Like A Prayer, I wasn't sure that she had the capability  to reach like she has done with William Orbit.<br />Additionally, all the  remixes are amazing. Nothing Really Matters gets even more muscle in the  Club 69 remix, which is not on the album. I cannot wait for the next  release, since Beautiful Stranger (from Austin Powers) only left me panting  for more.<br />Will she really come out with another release in October?  Please!
B00000K501|5.0|This is my favorite movie, it is so awesome. the fire is really cool, the sound is better, and the band just rocks! For all you people who are afraid to buy the video bcuz of the buck dich scene, i must say - I am 100 %  straight and the buck dich thing was the funniest i ever saw, i was  laughing for a week. so buy it already! u wont regret it!
B00000JZC4|5.0|Lately, the industrial scene has been going nowhere.  As trent reznor is finally releasing a double CD, there is something to look forward to. This Filter CD is much better than the first, but it does have the usual Filter  &quot;sound.&quot;
0671578278|4.0|There haven't been too many negative reviews, and LMB doesn't deserve many. This isn't the book to introduce Miles to your friends who haven't already met him. This book is neither Brothers in Arms or Memory, the two  best books in the series. But it is very, very good. <br />I especially liked  the fact that she has finally taken the time to show that the one thing you  really don't want to do is engage Ivan. Once, through Miles' viewpoint, the  remark was made about his having a sharp but lazy mind. Well, once you stub  your toe on his sense of right and wrong, he becomes as bad a person to  cross as Miles himself. <br />I'm waiting for a book about Ivan.<br />Recently, I  read a review which remarked that the purpose of a novel has usually been  to bring two young people to the altar. Here we are. Miles and Ekaterin are  going to marry; Gregor and Laisa are married, Duv Galeni and (god help us)  Team Koudelka are married off. Let's see what can be done with Ivan.<br />I've  always liked and sympathized with Ivan. I adore Miles, and I would actually  allow myself to be locked up with him for a week. Which is why I keep  re-reading all these books. But let's see what can be done with poor Ivan,  and who is he going to marry?<br />Loved it, just admitted it wasn't Memory.
0767836251|1.0|Even Ryan Phillippe and Reese Whitherspoon could not salvage this childish script.  The &quot;sexy&quot; scenes were unimaginative and boring (and completely unbelievable!) Watching Sarah Michelle Gellar try to seduce  every man-and woman-in her path proved to me that she is not ready for an  adult movie career (unless she is looking to move into porn roles).  I  recommend skipping this movie and watching Dangerous Liasions.
B000007O9L|1.0|Imagine you are 16 and you just got a guitar.  You learn a few old songs and without any real concept, record them.  That's what you have here.  ...  The Stones have lost it!
B000002UA0|5.0|This is an incredible album.  Listen to it in your CD player right between Beck's Mutations and Olivia Tremor Control's Dusk At Cubist Castle.  &quot;Piper&quot; fits right in.  Syd Barrett and his bandmates created a  certified masterpiece, decades before its time.  In my opinion, you really  can't compare this album to Dark Side, Wish You Were Here and The Wall.   This record is goofy, hilariously trippy.  Yet a real childish innocence  flows throughout the whole record.  <br />But what makes the listening  experience really disturbing and freaky is the knowledge that  &quot;Piper&quot; is truly a portrait of the artist slowly going insane.   It was a theme that haunted Pink Floyd's work throughout the rest of its  career.
0767802772|5.0|I think this is one of the funniest and one of the most romantic movies I have ever seen.  The scene where Isabelle is talking to her grandmother, and her grandmother warns her that she will never know love until she  surrenders to it is one of the most touching things I have ever witnessed.
B000002UYZ|5.0|NOT LIKING THE BEATLES IS AS PERVERSE AS NOT LIKING THE SUN
0887306128|5.0|An outstanding book with the key word in the title being &quot;effective&quot;. Having spent several years working in large corporations and having dealt with many types of managers and executives I  am able to count on one hand the ones I have been associated with who were  actually &quot;effective&quot; in their respective positions. A must read  for anyone currently in an executive management position or aspiring to  become any type of manager.
B000002UB3|5.0|NOT LIKING THE BEATLES IS AS PERVERSE AS NOT LIKING THE SUN
B000001TVD|5.0|I`ve been listening to this one for years. I was told by many that it was out of print, thank God it`s not!And yes I just buoght it again for the 9th time since the 70`s. This is a must have CD no if`s ands or but`s. If you  love the old Floyd type, your going to love this one.  SEE YA Jay Clawson
B000002TYX|5.0|NOT LIKING THE BEATLES IS AS PERVERSE AS NOT LIKING THE SUN
0805017305|4.0|A history that is seldom, if ever told.  For that fact alone I should have given the book five stars, but the unique voice and Indian &quot;way of telling&quot; is also the book's biggest weakness.  While this method is  lyrical and innovative, there is almost no discussion of conflicts between  tribes or even individual Indains.  While the results of  &quot;civilized&quot; Indian policy came to the same end there is no  exploration of what motivated such various white reations to the Indians of  the west.  Could have used a wider sources to document the individual  chapters.<br />It simply may be too big a subject for a single book, but for  all the minor flaws, read it.  It is like no other history and we should  all know the weight we bear.
B000002UAX|5.0|NOT LIKING THE BEATLES IS AS PERVERSE AS NOT LIKING THE SUN
6305374880|4.0|Living so close to Vegas, I though this would be a nice video to get some insider info on the big city.  It really did give you alot of info on the casino floor.  Cheaters, and some neat caught on camera video.  The video  is worth buying.  I liked it.  Just wish it would have had more insider  info on how they build some of the hotels.
B000002UZ1|5.0|NOT LIKING THE BEATLES IS AS PERVERSE AS NOT LIKING THE SUN
B000002A3T|4.0|When I first played this CD, I thought, &quot;This doesn't sound anything like Pink Floyd.&quot; But after a listening a few more times, it really caught on. High Hopes is probably one of the best Pink Floyd songs ever. It  may sound different than the classic Floyd works that Waters worked on, but  that doesn't diminish its quality.
B00000DMJF|5.0|NOT LIKING THE BEATLES IS AS PERVERSE AS NOT LIKING THE SUN
6304411448|5.0|This movie is one of the most fun movies to be put out in the past 10 years.  It has a great cast led by Johnny Depp who is believable as a Buster Keaton wannabe.  This one is a must see if you haven't seen it yet,  and a must have if you don't already have it in your archive!
B00000DBXL|5.0|I received Prolonging The Magic as a Christmas gift from my brother. Like many of his previous Xmas gifts (all CDs), I left it on my shelf for months before opening it. My loss! Once I finally unwrapped the jewel box from its  protective plastic and played it, I realized that (as before) my brother  knows how to pick 'em! This album (and Fashion Nugget, which I've now added  to my collection) are nearly all I can listen to these days. It's  frightening how much this album has grown on me. Cake is certainly one of  the better bands that has come around in the past few years.
0767824571|5.0|The DVD release of this movie has great picture quality compared to the VHS version.  They did a good job of producing vivid colors and sharp constrast.  I was hoping for more &quot;extras&quot; however.  But, for the  true fan, the movie is enough.
0792156684|3.0|Listen folks, I don't know how many of you watched the titanic more times than my cousin did and I think that she watched it like 25 times! The point is...yes it is a good movie but watch it more that TWO times and you'll be  starting to 'drift' off. So enjoy it while it is still interesting because  I don't think any of you will ever want to touch that tape again.
6303421563|5.0|I love this movie.  The acting was excelent.  Natalie Portman was great.  The story was terrific.  When it started, I thought eww, but with in five minutes,I was hooked.  This movie is a must see!
B000006Y4E|5.0|This CD rocks hard from start to end. I think this is a must own for the hard rock fan. You start with your stereo on 10 and you wish it had an 11!
B000002J23|4.0|this album has some songs that go somewhere unlike many of their pointless, over done efforts like &quot;Tales from topograghic oceans&quot;.  This album rocks
B000007U4U|5.0|This is the first of two by this incredible band that plays some great and indulgent 70's progressive rock, but without any pomposity. The music is much more jazz influenced (using keyboards, guitar) than other prog bands,  and it has a beautiful wistful quality that isn't often heard...<br /><br />The CD  also contains the two bonus tracks: the A&B sides of their 45. Even the  cover art is beautiful.<br /><br />If you long ago outgrew bands like  \\"Yes,\\" \\"ELP,\\" and \\"Genesis,\\" and have crossed  over to jazz but secretly still like progressive rock, then by all means  give \\"Hatfield & the North\\" a try - for my money, they remain  one of the greatest bands of all time...and that is something I don't  espouse lightly...
B000002WAD|5.0|I have heard this CD and think it was the basis for great music to begin in the 80's.His music was a beginning for music to come like, The Real McCoy, Paula Abdul, and other great musicians of the early to mid 90's.  This is Rick Astley's best hits and i give this CD a 5 star rating and two  thumbs up! Pick up a copy today!!!!
0425170349|5.0|I enjoyed RAINBOW SIX as much as the last four novels.The way he writes these books makes you wish the world realy had a special counter terror unit lead by a man like John Terrence(Kelly)Clark. The only thing I missed  from the book is the lack of the caracter Jack Ryan.I hope the next book is  even better.
0393039765|5.0|It's about time someone let those &quot;have-it-all-Wall Street-Ikea-right car-bastards&quot; know how those of us bartenders,waiters,service people feel. Anyone in Manhattan want to get together and discuss how this book  shakes you up?
0060920084|4.0|This is the second book I've read of Bryson's &amp; being from Iowa myself, understand his humor perfectly.  I don't agree with all of his conclusions/assumptions of our diverse country, but it does take you on a  imaginative journey.  A must read for any U.S. traveller.
B000002UDV|5.0|I would just like to say that Pet Sounds is my favourite album, and for many reasons: (1) Its musical sophistication and beauty, molded by Brian Wilson's natural gifts, represent THE pinnacle of good music; (2) The whole  album is one complete movement, from the beginning harpsichord notes of  &quot;Wouldn't It Be Nice&quot; to the last barks from Banana and Louie on  &quot;Caroline, No&quot;; (3) Even today, it is a work well in advance of  its time. <br /> I could go into many more reasons, citing examples from every  song, but that would detract from any potential listener's experience of  the album.  There is a 1000 word limit to these reviews, but 1000000 words  couldn't even describe Pet Sounds accurately.  My final point--just listen  to it!
B000002WCJ|5.0|I have had this tape for years and my tape finally played its last song.   I had to replace it with a CD. Music isn't done like this anymore.  It is  great driving music, great resting music, great music for anything.  It is  all so well done and even stimulates the most intellectual of minds
B00000DHRZ|1.0|Offspring's AMERICANA displays yet again the MTV experience of featuring a youthful punk-influenced garage band with little or no talent. Offspring still lacks the musicianship and lyrical sophistication to ever get beyond  the mindless drivel from their current CDs. Aren't the 90s just great for  music?
B0000028RR|5.0|Tom Morello said that they were putiing their amps under the floors in the studio, to create some more &quot;weird&quot; noises in their music.  He also said that this was by far, their hardest album.  Can it get any more  hard...?
0380002930|5.0|This is the only book I've read and repeatedly reread over the years, and it never fails to entertain. It's truly a work of art.
B00000IQMT|5.0|Hold on to your seats!  This little CD packs a wollop.  This is probably John Williams' greatest work yet.  Definately not slacking off here.  I bought the soundtrack before I ever saw the movie and I was amazed!  It is  very vibrant and energetic.  It's definately one for the true collector.   &quot;Duel of the Fates&quot; and &quot;Augie's Municipal Band&quot; are  most certainly the best here. Williams has really outdone himself this  time.  No doubt about it.  Anyone looking for a great collector's item or  just plain out good music can get it right here.  Now, I do have to admit  that the soundtrack is much better than the movie.  He gives us something  to really hold to and cherish, here.  good...Better...BEST!
B000002NE4|5.0|THE BOATMAN'S CALL: Close yourself in your dark room.  Put those earphones on.  Experience one man's hands-on memoirs of relationships that, for whatever reason, didn't work out.  Guys who have been through the wringer  can easily identify with Nick's perambulations.  These are the recitations  of a mature individual--nothing punky, no pyrotechnics and no  bullshit--just honesty and experience and wisdom.  Anyone who's been there  can easily identify with his whistful, mature and spare compositions.  This  CD will stay with you like a splinter in your brain.  You don't deserve  music this good.
B00000K2SC|5.0|I loved the movie, like many others, I saw it 5 times in the theatre-and I'm married!  I told my wife not no get it for me for Christmas, because I'm buying it the day it's offered!
B000002MG1|5.0|R.E.M. continue to surprise.  After the baroque Out of Time finally floated away, many wondered what would come next.  Yours truly wanted a rock album--I was done with sentiments.  What was released in 1992  absolutely shocked me, for Automatic for the People rises above almost  anything they have ever written, and &quot;Nightswimming&quot; is their  best ballad--in this author's opinion the best ballad yet written.  This  piece holds you and not only tells you a story but brings you the pain of  loss.  Loss of what?  Loss of youth, love, innocence.  We can only picture  it like the singer pictures it, backwards, from a photograph on a dashboard  taken years ago.  What's even more remarkable about this album are the  other gems--&quot;Find the River&quot;, &quot;Drive&quot;, &quot;The  Sidewinder Sleeps Tonight&quot;, &quot;Monty Got a Raw Deal&quot;.  The  songs are hypnotic-terrifying and wonderful at the same time.  I will say  this; the only other time I felt like I did listening to the gems on this  album was when I heard Bach.  And I am completely serious.
0375703241|4.0|I've read his previous novels, but am surprised by the amount of knowledge Mr. Clancy has of counter-terrorism.  The research was good and I like the impending-event style of writing in this one- you're always expecting the  team to go on another mission and who knows what can happen there?  But all  missions were exciting and detailed.  One thing that kept me giving 5 stars  is the weak plot, and the weak characters of the villains in the book.  But  overall, a book u can't put down easily and it makes for fast-paced and  finger-biting reading.
B00000I8BX|4.0|Fear Factory really ticks me off.  I really like a few songs on this album, but the rest I don't enjoy.  They're just too heavy.  I wish Burton would tone it down a little more often like on &quot;Descent&quot;, my  favorite song on the album.  There's too much screaming and all the bass  beats kinda lose their intended value when they're on every song all the  time.  Like I said, Descent, Shock, Edgecrusher, and Ressurection are my  favorites.  I don't know why FF promoted the &quot;Cars&quot; remake; it  sounds exactly the same as the original and totally misrepresents the band.   If you want to hear &quot;Cars&quot;, buy a Gary Numan CD.  With the way  FF has evolved since Demanufacture, I should really like their next album!
B00000AFGM|5.0|His best so far, I think.  Yes it's Bowie-like and even a little T-Rex in places but is that bad?  Interesting to see how some ill-informed people blame Manson for every newspaper headline atrocity but this is just a case  of pure stupidity.  He holds up a mirror to many things, some dark and of  course disturbing but just becuase someone raises the issues does not mean  they are advocating the subject.  A newspaper reports the story, it is not  responsible for creating it.  An album that makes you think, and I believe  that's what counts in good music.
0767903811|5.0|Thank you Bill Bryson.  I laughed out loud--in fact it got to the point where a smile would appear on my face each time I just picked up I'm a Stranger Here Myself--before I even opened it.  Especially loved the  chapters on the computer and the IRS. Welcome back!
0375707972|1.0|This was not a good read at all.  Something must have gotten lost in translation because I found it to be quite uninteresting.  What was the point? I was very disappointed in this book and could hardly even bring  myself to finish it.
185828340X|3.0|i used this guide on a recent two week trip in japan.  although it is packed with practical information, inaccuracies are common.  maps were terrible and some reviews unreliable.  it's a first edition so i would  recommend lonely planet until they get this one up to snuff.
B000002J20|5.0|There are no words to describe the beauty of this album. The songs are long, and most critics have no attention span in which to utilize. That cannot rival the power of the album. All arguments are feeble in comparison  to the magnificent music here. Cherish it.
B000002A3T|5.0|Floyds music has taken a wonderful turn towards the positive. The music is awesome, the lyrics just as good!!!!
B00000IARU|5.0|I can't believe that I cannot find a review on this one already on file...  This is a MUST for every serious music fan.  It will become like ink on a pin, underneath the skin.  I have been a JM fan for 30 years. This is her  BEST.
6301763041|1.0|Anybody who likes his movie pollution junk ought to have their head examined. It's too campy to even be enjoyable. This is my worst hated movie that I ever have seen!
B000002ADT|1.0|Amazon becomes less customer friendly all the time. Give us some help
0783235968|3.0|Solid movie that has become incredibly popular.  Unfortunately, a lot of this film is sentemental crap.  If you want to see a movie featuring Shoeless Joe, watch Eight Men Out, the greatest baseball film of them all.   I was sickened when Shoeless Joe came to bat against Kevin Costner's  character.  Hello -- Shoeless Joe did not bat right-handed!  He was a  lefty.  Either the morons who made this film didn't realize that, or Ray  Liotta is too pathetic of an actor to learn to bat left-handed.  This isn't  even Costner's best baseball film.  Bull Durham is infinitely better.   Don't get me wrong -- this is a decent movie, but it ain't a classic.
0767827716|5.0|I love this movie since I saw it for the first time in the mid-eights and so much better on DVD. Did you know that only 3 1958 factory/stock Fury's exist today? I know,I saw one of them.
0790739356|1.0|I'll be brief. Mr. Russell's lines total and words per line count in the single digits. If the screenwriter and director had developed the potential of the characters or the plot concepts introduced they might have had a  movie here. Sadly, this one is only a shadow of what it could be.
0385471483|5.0|COMO AGUA PARA CHOCOLATE is an EXCELLENT book. It is easy to read, clear and understandible.  It took me 8 hours to read and I enjoyed it every single second.  It is such a good work of art that I will read it over and  over again! Those that didn't like it, don't appreaciate cultural  differences.
1558908366|5.0|julia roberts is easily one of the most spontaneous actresses hollywood has ever seen,even in pretty woman,she's really pretty and sweet..richard gere is really good too.its really funny and really worth a watch.(did i  mention that my sister's nose really resembles that liftman's nose in the  hotel?)
6305165912|5.0|This a Coen masterpiece.  This is by far one of the funniest movies made in a long time.  For a film with not much of a plot, that is over two hours long, it keeps your attention throughout.  Each time I watch it, it gets  more and more amusing.  The catchy quotes embedded throughout the film are  the big winners in this one from the brothers.  Quotes like, &quot;It  really tied the room together, did it not&quot; is only one of the many  that can be brought into our lives as little tidbits of humor during  conversation.  What is a good quote without the right person delivering it?   John Goodman will suprise you with his discruntled humor as Walter.  You  will see Jeff Bridges (The Dude) in a whole new light.  No one ever thought  they would see one of the Bridges brothers as a white russian drinking, pot  smoking, bowling hippie.  The entire cast of characters brings this movie  together.  The Big Lebowski could have been a complete disaster without the  right cast and chemistry, but the combination hit the nail right on the  head with this one.
B00000IAU3|4.0|I bought this cd after reading so many great reviews.  I really like most of these songs quite a bit. Very hypnotic and laid back at times, I think she has a great voice and alot of style. So many female singers out their  right now but she does have a certain melancholy feel to alot of these  songs that sweeps you up in them and you want to hear them again and again.  &quot;Here with me&quot;, &quot;My lovers gone&quot;, &quot;I'm no  angel&quot; are just the tip of this cd that WILL grow on you  over<br />repeated listens.
0792156684|1.0|The movie is quite good but the letter box (on 4:3) format which is used to play that movie on a 16:9 screen is simply a SHAME !!!
0688002307|5.0|This is one of the greatest books ever written. Robert Pirsig has a masterpiece here This #1 New York Times bestseller was rejected by over 100 publishers befor it was finally accepted. Rumor has it that the head of one  of the rejecting publishers resigned after the book hit the bestseller  list. I highly reccomend this book for all readers and bibliophiles
0688152023|3.0|I'm sure these exercises have been proven over the test of time in the New York City Ballet, but I did the exercises once and returned to the gym for a more intense workout.  It's too distracting to try to figure out the  pictures and flip back and forth from the workout listings.  I wouldn't  recommend this book if you workout to blow off stress.
0064407667|5.0|A fun and funny book despite (because of?) the misfortunes. It seems like it would be a lot of fun to read to a sufficiently mature 8-11 year old.
0060920432|5.0|When I read the characteristics of &quot;optimal experience&quot; or &quot;flow&quot; (see p. 71), I found myself saying &quot;Yes! That's it!&quot;  I had never had a concise description of those experiences in  life that practically give meaning to our existence.  <br />As a developer of  online environments (MOOs) for language learning, I have had to describe to  educators in presentations and published articles just what it is that  makes a low-level learner of Spanish stay hooked to the Internet for  *hours* while chatting away in a foreign language, and why that experience  was so highly motivating that these students were neglecting other studies  (in favor of a foreign language??!!) or even missing Spanish class.  I have  quoted Csikszentmihalyi many times because his is the best description of  that experience.  The students were &quot;in flow&quot; - the experience  had just the right balance of stress (they might not understand me if I  don't communicate clearly) and pleasure (I'm enjoying getting to know this  person!) to make it highly motivating.<br />He says on p. 74: &quot;In our  studies, we found that every flow activity, whether it involved  competition, chance, or any other dimension of experience, had this in  common: It provided a sense of discovery, a creative feeling of  transporting the person into a new reality.&quot;  And that is precisely  what was happening to my students when they got involved in using MOO  (Multi-user-domain, Object-Oriented) for language learning.  They were able  to create and &quot;live&quot; in a new reality - but all in Spanish!<br />I  suspect that some of the readers of this book either have not had many flow  experiences, or have not recognized them as such when they were having  them.  This book clarifies what they are and thus, bringing this  understanding to consciousness, makes it easier to replicate them and  increase the time spent in moments of happiness.
0812589041|5.0|I'm not much of a sci-fi fan, but I trusted the reviews here and decided to read it.  It was a very pleasant surprise.  Rather than the alien-shoot-'em-up I expected, Ender's Game was more about the internal  conflict of a child who faces many monsters, from an alien race to jealous  rivals to manipulative adults, and even some he finds within himself.  And  the ending is so beautiful, so poetic that I can't stop thinking about it.   I'll definitely be reading the other books in the series.
B000001FYL|4.0|I always thought it was great the way this CD seems to comment on the feeling and mood of the movie. Thanks
B00000DGUG|5.0|If every track on this album were as good as 'Front Row' and 'Sympathetic Character', there wouldn't be enough stars in all of Amazon.com to describe its greatness.  Well, they're not, but SFIJ still manages to be  outstanding.  It's a huge improvement over her first album.  (The thought  of 'Ironic' makes me cringe).  Much more real music and less radio-friendly  vomit.  I hope her newfound greatness carries through to her next  album!<br />P.S.  The summary is in reference to an AMAZING performance I saw  when she toured with Tori Amos.  Her stage presence is so exhilarating, I  couldn't stop moving the entire time!
6305546797|4.0|This double disc set is well worth the money for fans as it provides a bevy of promotional material for the first film, info about why the television version is different, and best of all, a nice clean  print.<br />While it might have been better (and cost effective) for some to  have had the eleven minutes of footage filmed for NBC simply placed in an  outtake section, providing a second disc with the scenes incorporated into  the movie (and the stuff NBC didn't want taken out) makes for an  interesting comparison, turning the film into a more psychological film  than horror.<br />All in all, it makes a worthy purchase for hard core fans of  the film who want both the elusive t.v. version and a great presentation of  the original (the &quot;making-of&quot; documentary is wonderful).<br />On a  side note -- is it just me or are there a lot of leaves still on the trees  on Halloween night in Haddonfeld? And none of them have changed color! I  love stuff like that...<br />Enjoy!
B000002HMH|5.0|Unlike Megadeth, Metallica never changed the style of music they play, just the speed. Metal does not have be played at a blistering speed to be heavy-look at Black Sabbath. The counterpoints of heavy and mellow on this  album are amazing!
B000002KYK|1.0|This album is /infamously/ bad. It's really awful studio musicians \\"interpreting\\" Vangelis's music. You might as well go hear Philip Glass's /Powaqqatsi/ performed on kazoos.<br /><br />Instead, go get the real [[ASIN:B000002IZM /Blade Runner/ soundtrack *performed by* Vangelis]]. THAT one is good.
0790736039|4.0|I saw this movie the first time it showed on tv, a while ago. I taped it off of tv and someone took it! But the best thing I remember is when Pennywise gets Georgie, and all he says is,&quot; HEY GEORGIE, WANNA  PLAY...WE ALL FLOAT DOWN HERE!&quot; Or something like that.. My brother  ran around saying that for weeks because it scared me like crazy. He is  excellent in this movie!
0788811355|5.0|I don't know if it deserved a bunch of accademy awards but I loved it. Cairo in the forties is a very compelling background for the story to unfold. The only two people I really cared about were Kip and Hana. The  main characters were not very lovable but that they are real people with  strengths and weakness just like everybody else is the point. It is not  unimaginable for two people to be overwelmed with desire in the desert  wilderness and to disregard the consequences.  However I don't think  anybody would have depended on a madman of a pilot who knows they're  sleeping with his wife to pick them up in the middle of the desert. I've  watched this movie 4 times now and I'll watch it again soon. I do hope that  Kip and Hana lived happily ever after.
0060977493|5.0|The writing in this book is extraordinary.  The author absolutely captured the thought processes and language of children.  The story is beautiful and heartbreaking.  I've read thousands of books in my life, but it is this  book alone that actually made me cry with its beauty, sadness and  loneliness.  Because I'm not familiar with India's history, I think that I  probably missed some important points and nuances.  Also, because the names  were unusual (to me), I had to read slowly and deliberatley in order to  keep the characters straight.  The time line was woven wonderfully, but it  did make me have to concentrate to stay on course.  This is not a book to  be read in a hurry or distractedly, the descriptions and dialogue must be  savored.  Absolutely Beautiful.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is an invigorating movie. It is so satifying on so many levels. While being one of the best action movies, it is addresses the plight of every human being with a story that mirrors Biblical teachings. An eye openning  tour de force!
B000002IZM|4.0|The fine thing about CDs is you can just skip the tracks you don't like, as if they weren't even there.  Some of the tracks (the ones with dialogue  samples from the movie, basically) don't appeal to me much sometimes, so I  skip right to the superb &quot;Tales of the Future&quot;, &quot;Damask  Rose&quot;, &quot;Memories of Green&quot;, and &quot;Blade Runner  Blues&quot;.  Those alone make the disk worth owning.
B000002L5P|4.0|The Smiths were probably the most important English band of the 80's. Along with REM in the States, they produced interesting, meaningful, yet accessible music in a time where most others were concentrating too much on  fashion and synthesizers. They preserved and protected the  guitar/bass/drums formula when others would not. I'm not saying electronic  music is bad, just that these two bands showed some guts in going against  the norm. &quot;The Smiths&quot; is an important work because it  establishes the guitar sound of Johnny Marr as well as introducing  Morrissey as one of pop's best lyricists. The album does have a couple of  weak spots like &quot;Miserable Lie&quot; with its wailing ending and the  mediocre &quot;You've Got Everything Now&quot; but on all the others  tracks, the band shines. I really like &quot;Still Ill&quot;, &quot;Suffer  Little Children&quot;, &quot;Pretty Girls Make Graves&quot;, and &quot;This  Charming Man&quot;. But the most underrated song is &quot;I Don't Owe You  Anything&quot; - a simple, elegant tune about romantic demands we make on  each other. &quot;The Queen Is Dead&quot; is still the Smiths' masterpiece  but this debut needs to be heard as well.
0783211856|4.0|If Spielberg was going to make a realistic docu-drama in black and white why didn't he film it in German with English sub-titles? That was my main problem with the film. It was really hard for me to get past that. It  really took away from the intensity of the film. Also, I think many people  miss the point of the movie. It was not so much about the holocaust as it  was about a man: Oscar Schindler. It is a wonderful story of a rather  immoral, dispicable character metamophising into the savior of the  schindler jews. The plot was very good and that it was true makes it even  better. Over all Schindler didn't do much in terms of the scope of the  millions who died. But 2000 jews he saved and their decedants his memory  will live forever.
B000002U9Y|5.0|Pink Floyd is known and has been known for years as a band not afraid to explore new horizons of music, words, and over all sound. This albumn is no excption. The opener is very &quot;unFloydian&quot; for an intro to an  albumn, but in no way takes away from the albumn quality, in fact it adds  to it by thrusting you in to the new Pink Floyd {Sound}, that which is all  but absent of Syd (wish you were here). Alhtough, throughout the albumn,  there is a clear influence from Syd, it is painfully obvious that he was  &quot;kept quiet&quot; for most of the session. Every song on this  monumentous albumn is worth the price, and the title suite is hauntingly  good, giving you the impression of a flying saucer, and the people on  board. The final track is just that, the final track Of Pink Floyd's to be  written and recorded by The Madcap, Syd Barret. I is almost scary to hear  how far out Syd has fallen since the first albumn. A definate must for any  music fan.
0586045449|5.0|Deighton is at his best here in a subtle blend of fact and fiction that charts the lives (and in many cases, the deaths) of British and German characters in the air and on the ground.  The novel spans a 24 hour period  in 1943, as the Allied aerial bombing campaign was reaching its height and  the outcome of World War 2 hung in the balance<br />The book can be read and  re-read on many levels.  It is a first rate thriller, and the reader's  inevitable prejudices are soon set aside as the terrible cost to mind and  body escalates.  As an accessible documentary of the campaign, Deighton is  unflinchingly accurate in blending fact with the necessary mechanics of  characterisation.  The book also serves as one of the most effectively  subversive and persuasive anti-war essays of all time - if not the  finest<br />This is a complex read, with dozens of characters and quite dense  technical detail in parts.  This, however, inspires concentration and  repeated re-reading which constantly reveals new layers and depth of  meaning.  Deighton has never surpassed himself<br />If the main text is  chillingly effective, then the Epilogue is a heart stopper.  Deighton  brings the story up to date (at the time of writing) and the fates of those  who survived 1943 are vividly captured in the most evocative and sparing  writing style of all.<br />Now, those who flew the bombers and those who  fought and loved them are mostly gone, with none of the survivors under 75.  Soon this book and a very few others will serve as an epitaph to a time  when Europe was a battlegound where everyone, of all ages and races,  civilian and miltary, was plunged into a lottery of life and death.
0684874350|1.0|An alcoholic father drinks all his familiy's welfare money and causes the deaths of the majority of his children through malnutrition-related diseases.  The mother doesn't object to this; in fact, she does nothing  except smoke and have more kids.  This is the entire story.  <br />It is not  lyrical and beautiful; it is simply squalor.
B00001PE4D|3.0|A modern version of \\"Dangerous Liaisons.\\" Convincingly told, suitably suspenseful, and they cleverly play out all major events in a late 20th century fashion. (Note: I never read the book; I'm just going by the John Malkovich movie in the 80s.)<br /><br />Sarah Michelle Gellar and Ryan Phillippe play step-brother and -sister, pampered, awash in luxuries, indescribably vain, and obsessed with their own prominence in their social world. They see themselves as modern Roman emperors presiding over the Coliseum of New York's upper crust. They are intelligent, perceptive, imaginative, and rabid.<br /><br />The movie spins out a nicely complicated web of relationships, the classic cross and double-cross, and it becomes downright harrowing to see these beautiful young people doing each other in like wolves crazed by famine.<br /><br />Lastly, the scenery is quite satisfying. The architecture and furnishings of their home, Phillippe's car, and indisputably Gellar's wardrobe.
B000002AZ8|4.0|With &quot;Ten and &quot;Vs.&quot;, Pearl Jam reinvented modern rock with it's Zeppelin-ish raw power. The band was merely carried by Vedder. They were an arena rock radio staple band. &quot;Vitalogy&quot; was a crossroad  that established the line between Pearl Jam and the rest. 'Nothingman',  'Whipping', and 'Corduroy' were the three standout tracks that showed Pearl  Jam's depth in one album. From &quot;Vitalogy&quot;'s album package to it's  strangely hypnotic musical trials, the album became a modern classic from  it's first days. The feel will never be reproduced. If you enjoyed  &quot;Vitalogy&quot; listen to Pearl Jam's &quot;Yield&quot;, Radiohead's  &quot;OK Computer&quot;, or R.E.M.'s &quot;Up&quot;.
B000002G30|5.0|monster magnet is one of the best metal bands yet. they are cool because they like to have fun in there videos . the video for space lord is the greatest how he copies mase's theme from harlem world.monster magnet really  rocks.
B00000F5KH|5.0|From the first shot in Rio's central station one can appreciate the class of this most enjoyable and unpredictable &quot;love story&quot;. The setting of low-class contemporary Brazil is a perfect setting for a movie  in which the influence of the early Fellini is palpable. Montenegro is  amazing!
B000001FFJ|5.0|it's so hard for me to decide what I like better; RAIN DOGS or FRANK'S WILD YEARS.  i dont' suppose it matters does it?  they're both incredible.  amazing works of art not seen or heard by anyone or anything else.  he is a  poet in the classic beat tradition, his music in indescribable, excpet to  say it's brilliant.  Mr. Waits deserves to be on top of music fan's list of  the greats.  Punk, Ska, Rock, Jazz, Blues, Classic, New Wave, Pop...Tom  Waits ignores them all, yet all these same audiences flock to his beautiful  music like sharks to blood (rather graphic visual, i know, but its all i  could think of!). he is a true original, and an original talent.  RAIN DOGS  is unforgetable.
0790729628|4.0|This is a great story made into a great movie with great actors by a great director, and then put out on a poor-quality DVD. Why?<br />Rutger Hauer steals this movie. His lines are non-stop poetry of the highest order. His  musings on mortality and the transitory nature of art and experience  elevate this film to sublime levels. As Tyrel points out, his light has  burned so very bright, indeed.
6305297525|1.0|Confused, schmaltzy, ersatz tearjerker.  Manages to make heaven look a lot like a bad acid trip.  Even my wife didn't like it.
0783211856|5.0|You do not have to like Schindler's List.  I have friends who thought it was too slow for them, or boring.  But the reasons I have seen posted on this website are incredulous.  One person complained of no character  development.  This is very untrue.  Before we are taken into the  concentration camps, we see Oskar Schindler, up close and personal.  We see  the way he acts with nazis, the way he manipulates Jewish business owners  in the ghetto, the way he treats women, and the way he treats his wife.   All of these are very important to the character of Oskar Schindler.  We  see who he is and what he does, and even how he changes. For the character  of Amon Goethe, the Nazi camp comendent played wonderuflly by Ralph  Fiennes, we are shown from his first scene that he is a cold hearted, evil  man.  We also see that he is incredibly down to earth, considering how evil  he is.  On one hand, with his friends, and around Schindler, he is just  another soldier.  Around the Jews, he is a killer of the worst kind.  He  doesn't care, and he never will.  This is important to the character, and  to the story.  No character development?  I think not.  Each character is  independent, completely.  Not just the main characters either.  Even the  many minor characters, the Jewish families, the little boy, the rabbi, the  Mother and daughter...all very important to the story.  All are develped  independently of each other, and we know who each of them are. As for them  not speaking in germen, what about the WWI classic &quot;All Quiet On The  Western Front&quot; which is also about Germans.  They all not only speak  english, but also have english accent.  Is that a reason not to like the  movie?  of course not, it's just easier.  this is an american made movie  for american audiences.  there would be no point in making every actor  learn a foreign language, and it would not be good in getting the mood  accross, especially knowing how american audiences react to &quot;Foreign  films&quot;.  And if were all in german, that's what would it be labled as.  As for nothing happening....Whatever happened to following a story?  Did  you want explosions?  did you want more dead bodies at the hands of the  Nazis?  It's a real life story about real people in real situations.  The  movie Schindler's List is real.  It is a masterpeice.
B00000ILDE|5.0|I have to agree with the others that sing the praises of this very well-crafted movie. The stories are great, the cast is fantastic, the acting is compelling, the effects are dazzling. <br />I remember thinking  about Heinlein's novel &quot;Startship Troopers&quot; first time I saw this  movie. I think that it updates the attitude along with the years, which the  movie &quot;Starship Troopers&quot; did not (Starship Troopers was just too  1940's) The marines in this movie are an absolute delight and it is to the  writer/director's credit that the characters were as rich and developed as  they were. Just one more example of Cameron's devotion to detail on all  levels. Not as &quot;heavy&quot; intellectually as Blade Runner, but good,  rollicking fun, very well rendered.
B00000K2SE|5.0|The Matrix is good, granted.  The movie is amazing.  Weaving and Fishburn are brilliant.  Keanu is, well, Keanu.  The man cannot act!  But, alas, the movie pulls through anyway.  so0, whatever.  Ting-a-ling.
6305350205|1.0|I love Star Trek.  But, this is the worst Star Trek movie ever made
0671578278|5.0|Wonderful, Hilarious, she does it again.  Normally sequels turn out to be very disappointing but hers are ever better.  I nearly fell off my chair laughing during the account of Miles's dinner party - the &quot;faux  pas'&quot; to end all.  All the loose ends get neatly, and usually  hilariously tied up, and the dialogue is, as ever, superb.  I sincerely  hope that this will not be the end of the series, but it will certainly be  a very difficult act to follow even for an author as accomplished as  Bujold.   I would respectfully suggest that Sergyar, with Cordelia and Aral  in charge, could be a very rewarding sequel.  Bujold is the only author  that I will buy in hardback the day her new one comes in, and I anxiously  await the next one.
B000005ILF|5.0|One day last week I was reading a magazine during lunch and came across an ad for Sting's forthcoming album.  I let out a little yelp of pleasure and my co-workers asked what I was so excited about.  When I told them, they  all laughed; one said &quot;Who cares about Sting anymore?&quot; and the  other said, &quot;Nobody knows anything he's produced in this decade.&quot;   At that moment I leapt to the defense of an album that has been a staple  for me over the past three years: MERCURY FALLING.  I probably listen to  this CD more than any other single album I own.  It relaxes me, touches me  (I still get misty-eyed during &quot;I'm So Happy That I Can't Stop  Crying&quot;), and generally puts me in a good mood.  It's just good music  -- which is what Sting has always been known for.  So open your minds, open  your ears, and buy this album.
0792156684|1.0|I got this DVD on the sole basis that It's supposed to be a THX Refrence DVD that all DVD users should own and let me tell you It's not! The MPEG2 artifacts are annoying. There are no extras to speak of. Paramount  neglected to put in the many TV spots and the superior second Trailer they  cut as the film was released. One would assume that there must be many  Featurettes to promote the film, but Paramount has chosen to leave them  out. All you get is the film and a Lame trailer. What shocked me the most  was fact that Paramount did not make this film an Anamorphic DVD, the  quality would have been great. The LaserDisc is still far more superior in  picture and sound in my opinion. If you are a Titanic freak, get this for  your collection but If you want a good DVD, get The Matrix or Tommorow  Never Dies to see the sheer joy of DVD.
B00000IL1K|4.0|This is a must have for every sarah brightman fan. It has to be her best CD yet! My favorite is her italian version of the &quot;Titanic&quot; song.
B000002BYD|5.0|Pearl Jam's catchy lyrics and singable melodies make this album the best yet.  Tunes such as Wishlist and Given To Fly are popular songs played on the radio, but there's not a bad song on the album.  I reccomend this disc  to anyone who likes alterna/grunge/rock music.  Definately a five star!  Go  Pearl Jam!
B000002NJS|5.0|When I first got this CD, it was good, but I didn't know what all the hype was about.  After listening to it some more, I discovered how deep the lyrics truely are, and how much attention was paid to detail.  This CD is  one that you can listen to over and over, and discover something new in the  music each time.  I'm not a big Madonna fan, but this CD is a must have.
6301599977|2.0|I was horrified at how effectively Field of Dreams manipulates the viewer by using a sentimental plot to wring tears and feel-good.  Who could resist loving such a boo-hoo, oh-my-papa whitewash??  Definitely worth watching to  see the dark and powerful side of film making.
068484267X|5.0|I could not put this down.  McCourt creates powerful images of Ireland around the time of WWII.  While the McCourt family suffered exteme poverty, the reader is amazed by their will to survive.  Visitors to Ireland will  appreciate descriptions of the damp and of the pub life.  Those who are  interested in the conflict between the Republic and the North will see how  children are raised to support their heritage.  A detailed depiction of a  poor, Irish Catholic family.  Cannot wait for the sequel!
B00000K19E|5.0|I give this flick the ultimate stamp of approval by saying it does more for movies than any other that was released in the 90's..A must see!!! Any movie that can make Keeanu Reeves look that good at martial arts has got to  be good..<br />Don't you dare miss this movie....
078401213X|1.0|I roared with laughter at this thing. Anyone who knows a little bit about mathematics knows that Math is just a metaphor for reality. It is not reality! The main character was portrayed as some sort of tormented genius  who was supposedly a legitimate mathematician. Nope. This dope was just  another garden variety monomaniac. The movie takes itself WAY WAY too  seriously. <br />A fine line between genius and madness? Baloney. This guy was  just a screwball. There's lots of them around.
0385491026|5.0|When reading the last chapters, I had the feeling that the main character's memories are mine. Not all writers can do this.<br />At the back of the edition I read there was a short interview with the author about the  book and she mentioned that reading is second only to experience. I think  she really meant it. She gives you experience that only your mind can tell  apart from your own.<br />I haven't read a book comparable to &quot;Cat's  Eye&quot; since Jane Austen's &quot;Pride and Prejudice&quot; or Sylvia  Plath's &quot;Bell Jar&quot;.
B000003TBP|4.0|Beck is good (two o's, not one) and funny. His music has an edge and a hook, a wink and a nod. I like it. But there is something missing here. What is it? Maybe, it's the economy stupid? Nawh, I think it lacks a  message. Too much information to drive home a point. Still, he get's four  stars from me, because he's an original wanker. Keep the suit on and don't  decompress, Beck.
B000002GYR|5.0|Tom Waits rates with Billie Holliday, Ella, Louis Armstrong as a brilliant singer-songwriter stylist and performer.  He has a deep and expressive voice, especially on this early album.  But besides that, like Carole King  and others, he's written more songs for other people than you'd believe.   This album has SOOO many classics that you'll recognize.  check it out.   I'm ordering this cd for my 16 year old niece so she can discover him.
1558908374|2.0|I found this movie remake to be very dull. I wish they would have at least made the animals talk. Glenn Close was good as all the other actors but this remake strayed too much from the original and too many changes were  made. The dogs were the only thing fun to watch.
0385493800|4.0|This was not classic Grisham...it ventured away from courtroom drama and dealt more with legal proceedures regarding the last will and testament.  While the journey was a successful one and I did enjoy the book, I enjoy  the courtroom battles that are Grisham's forte.  Overall, though, it was a  very entertaining book.
B000005ITX|5.0|The 1960s may have come and gone, but Forever Changes is a wonderful testament to the music that was created during that period.  Arthur Lee &amp; Co. created an album that has easily stood the test of time.  It is  rare that a record can capture the imagination and sensibility of an era so  well.  This is a must own album!!!
B000002J0P|5.0|I didn't even know who CSN were when I first heard Suite: Judy Blue Eyes in the documentary of Woodstock, but from then on I was hooked.  That song and Wooden Ships are still among my favorites but for some reason Marakesh  Express conjures up the most pleasant memories of my teen years when I wore  this LP out twice. It was disappointing to see the steady decline of this  band after their masterful first two albums.  But at least latecomer Neil  Young rose to ever greater heights.
B000005JA8|5.0|excellent lyrics (especially &quot;The Dust Blows Forward...&quot;), but the music was hard to digest at first.  if you think so too, keep listening--the brilliance of this music will reveal itself over time.  i  put my CD player on 'shuffle' and listened to this album to gain a better  feel for the individual songs.  once i was able to attain familiarity on  that level, the album came together much more coherently.  the lyrics on  'Trout Mask' are beyond description.  unbelievable imagery.  an unsettling  album at first, but persistence will reward you.<br />by the way, i had no  idea so many Captain Beefheart fans dislike 'Pet Sounds' (see reviews  below).  is there some unspoken rivalry i don't know about?  it's  ridiculous to discredit what Brian Wilson did on that album.  'Pet Sounds'  is a landmark album--a turning point in music.
B000002VRZ|5.0|So many riveting musical notes, so many years gone by. Serve up a compact platter of those ancient tunes to discover how timeless they really are, and how lucky we were to hear them at time of fruition. Sometimes I wonder  how Henry Paul can now belt out mundain &quot;Blackhawk&quot; hits on the  country charts after being involved in such wonderful musicmaking. This CD  is an offering that takes us only part of the way. My hopes are for fan  pressure to re-issue all of the originals. Perhaps Messrs. Thomasson and  Paul will find it in their outlaw hearts to someday make this happen.
630469654X|5.0|I really like the tragic love story.  Wolves and hawks mate for life, and Isabeau and Navarre were even denied the same form.
B0000073YB|5.0|Tronco: Si te gusta Soft Cell, comprat este disco. Lo he buscado durante 15 aos, y por fin lo tengo. mi vida es otra. La mejor cancin es Seedy films
6303394000|1.0|This is the worst movie I ever saw.  I'm just sorry I couldn't give it a minus star rating! PU
0792838068|5.0|This has to be one the best movies made in Hollywood.  But you can read the other reviews for the movie itself.<br />My concern is about the quality of the DVD release.  If this had been the first DVD I'd bought it would  have put me off them for life.  It seems that they have used a very low  resolution MPEG compression, and then used some sort of noise reduction to  cover it up, which just smears the already poor picture.  It can clearly be  seen in chapter 16.  Just watch the wall behind Cage. And if you run it  slow, you can see the smearing effect very clearly.<br />A very poor quality  effort.  The laserdisk looks much better.
0553275976|5.0|I am an English major, and THE BONFIRES OF THE VANITIES is one of the few books I have ever read which has caused me to laugh out loud.  For this reason, I believe it belongs alongside Catch-22 and Breakfast of Champions  as one of the funniest an most intelligent satires of the 20th century.  I  will admit that I laughed the most loudly at the obvious, although  well-set-up punch lines.  However, the real joy of reading this book is not  the trip-and-fall jokes, but rather the wry, dry, witty, and acid-tongued  descriptions, characterizations, and prose which Wolfe fills his pages  with.<br />Wolfe is a little bit pretensious, a little bit obnoxious, and very  funny.  It is not racist to make fun of blacks if you make fun of WASPs,  Jews, the British, men, women, and just about every other possible  demographic group known to man.   <br />A telling sign of a wildly  overambitious novel is one who's ending has difficulty wrapping up the  exploits of all of the main characters without feeling contrived or forced.   Unfotuntaly, this is where THE BONFIRES OF THE VANITIES fails.  But for  over 600 pages, it is a knee-slapping, bellylaughing, observation-deck yawp  of a novel, and a whale of a good read.
B000002UJQ|1.0|Anybody who eats food should not listen to this album because it will make you choke.  Stay away from this material.  It is hazardous to our health.  Don't eat the soylent green.  Meeting people is really really hard.  Go ask  alice; she swallowed bill gates ( who is, by the way, the most  parrrrrannnnnoid man in the galaxy).  Read &quot;Pedagogy of the  Oppressed&quot; by Paolo Freire.  Then read it again.  Don't be frightened.  We hope that you will find this record just as delightful as the grammy  committee (who are those people anyway?).<br />Voice One: you shouldn't  ramble--people will stop listening to you eventually.  Just get to the  point, OKAY?!?!<br />Voice Two: Okay......daddy hurts me.
6305531374|4.0|The silent killer (no not the one in the hockey mask) is back and as evil as ever.  Sure there seemed to be less killing than the original, but Michael Myers still knows how to make young teenagers soil their  &quot;innocent&quot; undergarments.  The way in which this film was  directed and spaced was excellent.  From the Michael images that Curtis  sees, to the face to face confrontation at the door, and all the killing in  between, this sequel far exceeds the previous ones, except of course the  original, that is why i only gave it 4 stars.
B00000J7JO|5.0|This is the first album of theirs that I have bought and I am very happy.  I bought it because I licked the track Scar Tissue, come to find out I like nearly every track (especially 2-8)
B000002TWN|5.0|D'Angelo has release the best CD I have ever heard.  This is the CD you listen to when you are feelin down or havin problems with your girl.  It cheers you up and gives you confidence.  The CD is absolutely amazing,  every track deserves to be replayed many many times.  If you are going to  buy a R/B CD, this is the one to get.
0385493800|5.0|This book is pure Grisham, especially the last few books, including The Street Lawyer. In this book, a character's life is redeemed through meeting someone utterly selfless. Although I enjoy Grisham's hard-hitting  thrillers, I found The Testament even more of a thrill to read. Today, with  all the violence in the world, it is refreshing for a writer to focus on  the ability to change one's life without destroying others. Though I hoped  the greedy kids would have received nothing, I was appeased by knowing they  would not have the money long. I highly recommend this book. It is an easy  read, and it will leave you thinking of who you are and which character you  most resemble. That alone is worth the cost of the book.
6304696566|5.0|Is it any wonder this is one of the best Westerns ever made? John Wayne...John Ford....Monument Valley.....Cowboys and Indians...what more do you want? Like many others I saw this movie first on the big screen  sometime in the fifties in my youth. The best things that the duke stood  for( Honesty, determination, Forthrightness ) I have tried to emulate in my  own life. The bad things( Intolerance for other peoples ) that he did I  have dismissed. He is and will always be my Hero.
068484267X|1.0|i feel like the only person who didn't like this book.  instead of describing a compelling situation, i found myself bogged down in a cycle of alcoholism, poverty and despair that can be found in virtually every inner  city in America.  but without any pertinent lesson, without any point.  i  read the book without expectations, and got what i expected:  nothing.   i  could not recommend this book, nor suggest it has anything of value to add  to the literary community.
B00000K19E|5.0|Once I saw the movie &quot;The Matrix&quot;, I knew that it had surpassed all of my other favorites easily! The graphics were perfect and Keanu Reeves is just too sexy! Also, this movie really makes you think about  what's REAL and what isn't....There is nothing like this movie and I am  going to watch it over and over again.......Honeybuz22
B000002U9P|5.0|This is my favorite Tina album. This album has it all-ballads like &quot;Paradise is Here&quot; and &quot; Two People&quot; to rockers like &quot;Back Where You Started&quot; and &quot;Overnight Sensation&quot;
B000002OMN|5.0|Anyone who does not like this Album knows nothing about music,Life,Who they are,and must not have any friends. Listen to the record and get in touch with yourself unless your afraid to  look into the mirror. Wait you  don't have time to listen to it now, the &quot;Dukes of Hazzard&quot; are   on TVLAND.
B000001F3C|5.0|This album is the best 80s albulm.  It shouts against war and piliage.  The music has varius military beats to it while opposing the genocide of war.  The highlights are &quot;Refugee,&quot;  &quot;New Years Day,&quot;  and &quot;Sunday, Bloody Sunday&quot;
B0000027F8|5.0|This is one if not the best CD I've ever heard. It shows George Michaels talent as a song writter, composer.
006109594X|4.0|Those who have written negative comments on this novel are way off the mark. I just finished it and highly recommend the book to all interested in global cat and mouse thrillers. All you Navy guys are challenged! Read this  book! You will love it! I served on USS Coral Sea during the Vietnam  conflict, and the the threat of enemy attack was always on our minds. It is  very timely, considering today's events in the middle east. At times it  seems more real than the news we watch every evening. I hate to  &quot;jinx&quot; a first-class book, but this would make a great movie if  anyone has the guts to produce it. Outstanding work Mr. Robinson!
630518299X|3.0|The critics were raving about how original and witty this film was. Boy, were they wrong. The acting was good, but the story went nowhere. This could have been a much better film if they had a plot.
6305358613|4.0|UNA DE LAS VIRTUDES DEL DVD ES LA CAPACIDAD DE TENER DENTRO DE SU FORMATO LA POSIBILIDAD DE ESCOGER EL IDIOMA, SIN EMBARGO A ULTIMAS FECHAS LAS PRODUCTORAS DE PELICULAS HAN ELIMINADO EN LOS DVD EL IDIOMA ESPAOL TANTO  EN SUBTITULOS COMO EN EL AUDIO, PARA LOS DVD DE ZONA 1, ESTO ES PARA   OBLIGAR EN EL CASO ESPECIFICO DE MEXICO A ADOPTAR LA ZONA 4 (DENTRO DE ESTA  ZONA NO EXISTEN MAS DE 150 TITULOS, SIENDO LA MAYORIA MEDIOCRES), LA  MAYORIA DE LOS CINEFILOS MEXICANOS HAN ADQUIRIDO EQUIPOS MULTIZONA  (ZONA:1,2,3,4) Y HABLAMOS INGLES, POR LO QUE LES DIGO A LAS PRODUCTORAS DE  PELICULAS LA GUERRA LA VAN A PERDER, ES IMPOSIBLE MODIFICAR CON ZONAS EL  GUSTO DEL CONSUMIDOR, EN EL CASO DE LOS CINEFILOS QUE NO HABLAN INGLES  SIMPLEMENTE NO VAN A ADQUIRIR EN SISTEMA DE VIDEO.
B00000AFWW|2.0|OK, what happened?  Supposedly this album was difficult to make for Hole.  That's somewhat surprising, considering how predictable and, well, boring all the material in Celebrity Skin is.  It seems Hole has morphed into  pop/rock, which could have been great.  All artists evolve. But what Hole  seems to have evolved into is yet another generic pop group with a sexy  sounding singer complete with guitars and drums.  Don't get me wrong;  Petals, Celebrity Skin, and other select songs still have a bit of that old  Hole punch, but the rest sounds all alike.  Granted, Hole isn't yet on par  with *shudder* Britney Spears, but they have gone down on quality.
B00000K19E|4.0|What can I say, the Matrix is an excellent film. It does suffer from some flaws, but nothing that can't be overcome by great special effects and an engaging story. I'll get the negatives over with first. Keanu Reeves is not  a great actor. The first time I watched the film, I spent my time counting  the average number of words in his lines. It was about three. This actually  comes out as a positive in a way: the movie is not bogged down by Keanu's  lack of ability. Secondly, I don't find the premise of this movie as  original or startling as most others. There have been plenty of movies like  the Matrix, most recently was Dark City, whose atmosphere I found much more  involving, although both plots stretch the imagination too far at points.  Onto the good. Lawrence Fishburne did a GREAT job in this movie. All the  lines they didn't trust to Keanu were perfectly handled by Fishburne's  Morpheus. I found his character to be the most interesting, and I was half  hoping that he would end up being the hero of the movie by some twist of  fate. Oh well, I still enjoyed his performance. Carrie-Ann Moss did a good  job as well. And although the premise was nothing new, the film makers did  a good job of making their audience think about reality and the quality of  their lives. So I highly recommend seeing this movie.
B000002HEP|3.0|Whilst I agree with all other reviews that this is indeed a fine recording I prefer to retain a sense of historical perspective and balance with my score. To my mind a 5 star score should only go to a true landmark disc -  and Sky Valley just aint - sorry. To my ears the vocals are a big  distraction and the derivative boogie woogie rolling stones metallica  influences disguise and confuse the band's creative voice. Magical guitar  playing. (Has the Adelaide reviewer ever been graced to see The Plague play  live? - find out about them)
B000003TSP|5.0|Any REAL Portishead fan will tell you that THIS is their best album. It is SO MUCH MORE emotional than &quot;Dummy&quot; (which don't get me wrong - I am also obsessed with) and her voice - Oh My God - I can't begin to  explain. Although this is a harder listen and is A LOT darker than their  earlier work, you will one day realize that this album plays with your  emotions for hours longer than &quot;Dummy&quot; ever will.
6305342776|5.0|BIG NAME CAST AND ELABORATE BACKDROPS, MAKE THIS A MUST SEE FILM. GREAT FOR ALL AGES WHO ARE NOT EASILY SCARED.
6303282237|5.0|Yes, although the real story of EL Cid would, under today's approach to film making, result in a &quot;slightly&quot; different product, this was in its own right a very good film. True the acting from both leads was at  times stiff and mechanical, the emphasis was obviously on getting the  rather long story covered. Every one realizes this was an EPIC film.  Covering this man's life even from the time of Ibn Yusuf's invasion of  lower Andalusia to the fall of Valencia provides so much material that it  could not all be contained or realistically scripted to work much more than  action sequences. Forgive what some experts would point out are  inaccuracies in the sequence of events and the various character's  associated with the Cid. This was a great attempt and it did produce a  great film. This certainly was a man of action and of principle (when it  did not inconvience him). There is no doubting his heroism, his skill as a  warrior and his leadership along with that of his king (as real history  proves) at a critical time in the life of Espana. Those attributes well  overshadowed his flaws. Excellant soundtrack! Excellant cinematography!  Reproductions of the period closely detailed! Will always rate five stars  in my book. Would love to see a new version, one with more development of  the man and a bit more factual. But it will never take away from this  version, of which I never tire seeing again and again!
B00000JPH5|5.0|Labrinth is probably the best movie on the face of this Earth!!  I've loved it ever since I was about 5/6 years old!  I'm 16 years old now and have been searching all over for this movie and when I found out it was out  of print and it couldn't be ordered, I turned to Amazon.com and to my  surprise it is coming back out on Sept. 21st and I've had it on order since   August!!! I can't wait to watch it!!!  It is the best!!!  The funniest  story I have with that movie is that when me and my &quot;cousin&quot;  Nicole were about 6/7 we would go behind the TV when Huggles was relieving  himself at the pond in the beginning of the movie cause we thought we'd be  able to see something!!  I'll never forget that!!!!! NEVER!!!
0780625129|5.0|The average movie or TV program has little to deal with the real hardships of racism in the United States. Face the fact, it is still out there (sad to say). This movie touched on the issue in an extremely powerful way. I  know that most people can't stomach it, but it is worth seeing. It has got  to be one of the best movies I have seen in the last two years. Rent it or  buy it. If you can get past the first scene, you can make it through the  movie. It will leave you shocked and in thought. Believe me, it's no  Titanic and thank God it's not. Ed Norton takes on every dimension of his  character. Part of you will want to hate him and part of you will want to  love him. He'll strike fear in you and slowly caress your heart to a state  of reflection and empathy.
B00000K19E|5.0|I've been waiting for this Dvd ever since March 31st 1999 the day The Matrix came out in theaters I was there for the 1st show of the day and I was totally blown away by this movie.  This is the most visually stunning  and original movie I have seen in a long time easily the Best Movie I Have  Seen This Year!!! Most movies have me getting antsy in my seat before the  standard 90 minute movie is over but the Matrix which runs almost 2 and a  half hours had me asking for more after it was over This is not your  average big-budget actioneer (most of which I dont care for because of  their lack of imagination and storylines)The Matrix on the other hand  offers an immersing story, revolutinary state-of-the-art-effects, Great  characters, Mind Blowing Action and Kung-Fu sequences, and camera work that  takes you on a roller coaster.  Dvd offers a ton of extras like  &quot;Follow the white rabbit&quot; and many other hidden extras only wish  I had Dvd-rom on my computer to access the other extras like script to  storyboards, Trailers to tests to see if your &quot;THE ONE&quot;.  I  believe this movie is a landmark a pioneering film that will be looked back  upon as the movie that started a whole new style of imaginative filmmaking.  Iv'e seen this movie 5 times already and it just keeps getting better, Well  anyway I can't tell you what The Matrix is you have to see it for  yourself!!!!
B00000IMTH|5.0|Many fans seem to complain that this album has some poor songs. I guess one of those 'poor' songs must be Rainbow eyes.  But I love that. Actually that is my favorite track in this cd. Of course, I love all songs in this  cd. Hey, you Dio fans. Don't you think the SO-CALLED POOR 'Rainbow eyes'  proves that Dio also can sing moody and melancholy ballad?
630027120X|5.0|this is an excellent film overlooked unrighteously by the academy and hollywood.  the cinematography, the acting and especially the score are well above par of anything that has come out of tinseltown in the last  10-15 years.  a great film for history students, theologians AND general  audiances.  a gripping story of the struggle between pacifism and  aggression.  pulls at your emotions and makes you question which method of  defense is the right one.  whatever side you come down on you will question  yourself anyway.  well worth the 125 minutes, rent it, or better yet, buy  it today.
B000001GXE|5.0|This is one of my favorite CD's, and the only one featuring the conducting of Carlos Kleiber.  I'll be searching for others.<br />Highly recommended
B00000J7S8|4.0|Johnny Mandel is the finest arranger of the 20th century.  Listening to this CD, you can readily pick ou those selections where Mandel has delivered the very finest in arranging beautiful standards.
0790736039|5.0|TIM CURRY, has remarkable talent to go from every day funny guy to all time scary pennywise the clown. The movie IT is one of my all time favorite's, again MR.King never ceases to amaze me with his astounishing  talent's as a horror movie writer and producer.I'm still however waiting  for a sequel for silver bullet.But the longer we wait the better it  get's.Overall bravo to mr curry and hat's of to mr king.
0451169514|5.0|I jsut wanted to say that this book was the first &quot; big&quot; book I ever read. I was young at the time, i have always been a horror buff, and it was the only book that has ever made me afraid of something. Ughh,  clowns! If you do not usually read King's books, or if you do then you will  understand that he always adds more to a story by interludes and in depth  history. That is what makes him great. But if you liked this one, then also  try BAG OF BONES, it is a reminder of the older books that he wrote, such  as IT.
6305531374|5.0|Incredibly Halloween H20 has managed to get the Halloween series back on track and delivers us with the best sequel of the series. Creepy, atmospheric and sometiems very &quot;Carpenter-ish&quot; it's more than  just a sequel to one of the best horror movies ever made, it's a necessity  that doesn't rely on the &quot;self aware&quot; gimmick of the recent  horror slew, but concentrates more on being scary and conducts it very  well!!
0451191153|5.0|It is the simply the most thrilling book that I've ever read. It literally changed my entire attitude towards life. I feel as if I have stepped over to the other side of the world, a world where I can see, feel, and where  the moments of sadness and elation are what make life the most valuble. I  look at certain people around me and realize that they are wasting their  precious bodily fluids and that they are fragil and spiritless. They can be  zapped easily, crushed with their precious bodily fluids spilling out  everywhere. I, on the other hand, have a back bone, and that I am closer  and closer in reaching the sacret temple that stands tall inside of me.
0531002535|5.0|A full appreciation of this beautiful (and, sadly, out-of-print) novel requires finding and reading Hulme's autobiographical book Undiscovered Country (Little, Brown &amp; Co: 1966). It is dedicated to the REAL Sister  Luke, Marie-Louise Habets, who was Sister M. Xaverine of the Sisters of  Charity of Jesus and Mary (of Ghent, Belgium). Through this friendship came  about Hulme's conversion to Catholicism and, of course, the wonderful novel  and later - under Jewish director Fred Zinnemann's (Man for All Seasons,  High Noon, From Here to Eternity) superb direction, the acclaimed film with  Audrey Hepburn. Kathryn Hulme died in Hawaii in 1981, with Marie-Louise  Habets, her &quot;Sister Luke&quot; at her bedside. Habets died in 1986.  Fortunately the novel, movie, Soundtrack LP and even CD are almost  constantly available on Ebay. Warner Bros. is said to be considering a DVD  release featuring the scenes that were cut from the movie. The screenplay,  autographed by Hepburn and Zimmermann, together with all of Hulme's papers,  are in the American Writers' Collection at  Yale University.
B00000J7RZ|3.0|I've only so far heard two songs off her album, &quot;If You Had My Love&quot; and &quot;Waiting For Tonight&quot;, but I like what I've heard. Jennifer has even said that she doesn't want to conquer the music market,  she just wants to make songs that everybody sings along to. Well, she  definitely has me singing along. I don't expect her to be a resurrected  Selena, and I admire her honesty. I give the album only three stars because  I haven't heard it yet. I will probably end up buying, because I like to  dance, and those songs I have mentioned are perfect to dance to, and sing  to!!
1572523166|4.0|This movie is brilliant most of all for offering Bowie-fans/viewer's a very subtle,clever overview of Bowie's psychological states after years of cocaine abuse following the demise of 'Ziggy'... His acting is very  powerful,emotionally-wrought and compelling as hell. It's a wonderful  visual counterpart for Bowie fans wishing to make a musical and personal  understanding from where 'Diamond Dogs'/'Young Americans'/'Station To  Station' led to the 'Low' album... This movie may very well be David  Bowie's most-personal,involved and all-encompassing acting role yet. Any  naysayers that should say Bowie is a vanity-actor; look no further than at  this movie. It's a diary of his times as much as any of his mid-'70's  albums. I got the movie the first time I saw it(I'm rather deep that way!  :) ). Very good movie: ****
6301008960|4.0|I adore this movie.  It takes me back to when I was a little girl and idolized everything about high school in the 80's. Patrick Dempsey's performance is simply fabulous. It really makes you think about what you  would do if you got a touch of popularity. It is similar to &quot;Pretty In  Pink&quot; at times, but it is still a very relevent message. Overall, the  movie is romantic and sweet. A funny, family-friendly flick that you'll  enjoy!
B00000K19E|5.0|I got this DVD on the 17th of september. When I saw the casing, I thought mmm...damn cartboard. But as I opened it, it looked very very good. Usually the features are lesser in numbres with beautiful case, however, we are  dealing with a Warner Bros DVD. As with the sister company New Line Cinema,  in my opinion they've produced the best in DVD video. The layout is very  artistic and they've done a great job in defining the features on a DVD  player and DVD-ROM player. Okay let's play it. The disk looks great btw.  With a DVD player the upcoming menu is completely animated. Hidden  &quot;red pills&quot; and &quot;white rabbits&quot; brings home  entertainment to a new level.... The dolby digital track along with  anamorphic widescreen makes for an eye-popping movie viewing. Not in any  way doing under for the big screen version. Additional audio tracks and  behind the scenes makes it a DVD must have...even if you don't like  Sci-Fi.<br />Richard<br />The Netherlands
0140013997|5.0|i found this book really amusing, due to the author'e choice of words and hilarious narration. as i love animals, it was throughly enjoyable. the author talks about his family and their reactions to the many new  aquisitions he brings home. it is a wonderful book and provides a good  read. i highly recommend it to anyone who can read
0792151712|4.0|Of course, it was wildly over-rated, in that respect serving only to inflate Jim Cameron's ego.  Yes, it is not the bes movie ever made.  The script is awful, and the acting isn't quite what it could have been.   Leonardo DiCaprio survives basically on his smile, natural likability and  the fact that everyone knew millions of teenage girls would be swooning.   He's just not a good enough actor to get around the bland, obvious lines he  has.  I didn't understand Billy Zane's character, but he wasn't on too  much, so I didn't have to be distracted by him too often.  Other than those  flaws, though, I thought the movie was pretty good.  <br />The first part,  which focuses on the fictional love story and has recieved the most  criticism, is admittenly cheesy at some points and not the greatest thing  ever put on celluloid, but it's engaging enough.  Cameron orchestrates the  mood of every scene very well, and eventually you just get caught up in it.   You're also swept away by the sheer scope of it all and the marvelous  special effects and lavish details.  While, like I said, the acting isn't  top-notch, some actors are pretty good, like Kate Winslet, Frances Fisher,  Kathy Bates, and Victor Garber as the ship's designer, Thomas Andrews.  Not  great, but not awful, either.<br />Then comes the second part, after the ship  hits the iceberg.  After this point I was absolutely riveted to the screen.   The action scenes are marked with tension at every turn; unfortunately,  Winslet, who's given the traditionally male role of hero, doesn't sink her  teeth into it, but just pants like a dying dog and calls out for Jack  endlesly.  Then come the scenes of the ship sinking.  These were the most  affecting in the movie for me because when you realize that this really  happened, it's so heartbreaking to watch.  The thrid-class passnegers  really come into their own here.  Just tell me you weren't in some way  moved by the mother singing her kids to sleep, the old couple (who were  real) hugging in bed, the priest leading a prayer, the captain shutting  himself in his cabin as the windows crash open, and the band playing on and  on and on.  If it weren't for these scenes, I would have been just sad but  not overly upset when Leo went under, but because that came right after  these scenes, I cried for him.  I really did.<br />The second part of the  video is the best thing about the whole movie, which has its flaws, but on  the whole, was pretty good.
B00000018N|5.0|When it comes right down to it,one of the greatest albums in the last 30 years. Look no further than &quot;Aqualung&quot; &amp; &quot;Wind Up.&quot; Love the guitar solos!
B00000IL1K|5.0|A wonderful demonstration of her flexibility and cross genre talent. Truly a divinely gifted woman.
0792839846|5.0|One of the most timeless love stories of all time is also a tragi-comedy that isn't as pathetically Hollywood as one would expect for something from 1943.  The cast is brilliant (although sometimes the beautiful Ingrid Bergman's Ilsa get's annoying), and the on-screen chemistry between Bogey's Rick and Rains' Renault is both hilarious at times, and conflicted.  They're reluctant friends, but their positions in the world make them natural enemies (until the film's end).  Bogart, not the world's most handsome man, proves that he was one of the best actors of his day portraying a troubled, down-to-earth man who refuses to show his soft side to anyone except for his closest friend Sam (Dooley Wilson).  When his old-flam Ilsa, who left him stranded in a Paris trainstation just before the Nazi Occupation, accidentally comes back into his life, whatever past he was trying to escape is flung back into his lap. The conflict comes when it is discovered by the Nazis who control Morocco that Ilsa's husband is an anti-Nazi freedom fighter, Victor Lazlo (Paul Henried) who escaped a concentration camp and is wanted.  Lazlo wants to escape with his wife, but Rick can't forget his love for her and doesn't want to let her go again. The catch: Rick has two transfers out of Casablanca in his posession, and he can either use them to get the girl and fly away, or give them to her husband so he, the hero, can escape and continue to fight the hated Nazis!  Its actually pretty complicated, and given the era, it doesn't turn out exactly as one would expect (although 62 years later, I think everyone knows what happens...).  Its a funny, well scripted, earnestly-directed, finely-tuned romance set during one of the most turbulant eras in world history.  It deserves its spot as one of the greatest films ever made, and is a joy to watch every time I see it.    Oh yea, in keeping with my support for the film's excellent script, I can't resist my favorite line in the movie.  After the Nazi's pressure Renault to shut down Ricks' cafe, Renault has to quickly come up with a legal reason for doing so, on the spot.  When Rick confronts Renault and asks him whats going on, it goes as follows:    Renault: \\"I was shocked, SHOCKED to find that there was gambling going on here!\\"  French Officer (to Renault, handing him money): \\"Here are your winnings sir.\\"
0684867621|5.0|I have read several of the reviews posted here and many of the not-so-good ones are just plain confusing.  People say that it isn't the &quot;old&quot; Stephen King, that it isn't &quot;scary&quot; enough.  But  have any of you out there really read Stephen King?  Do Any of you  understand that Mr. King has fallen under the label of a &quot;horror&quot;  writer?  Probably not.  I hope every one who picks up any of his books  isn't always looking for gore and monsters.  He's done that, sure he has.  But what kind of writer would he be if he didn't attempt (and I daresay  achieve) other genres.  Stephen King has never truly scared me.  Well maybe  the short story &quot;The Boogieman&quot; did.  Everything else he's  written has just been interesting, entertaining reads.  This book is no  exception.  Gripes about the story being too short, too involved with  baseball, uninvolving and the likes either come from readers who are biased  against the works of Stephen King or who just cannot grasp the concept of  writing as expression, as art.  If the palette of the writer doesn't hold  many colors than the work becomes boring, overdone, the same old thing.  I  praise Mr. King for his jaunt into children's fare, but can it be labeled  as such?  There are simplicities in his writings that hide complexities  that haunt the mind.  So whether it's a town filled with vampires, a writer  plagued with an evil twin, a hotel haunted and just maybe possesed, or a  little girl lost in the woods pursued by &quot;something&quot; it all boils  down to one great conclusion: Stephen King can write, he gets paid darn  well for it, his family will never go hungry, and if you don't get that  maybe, just maybe, you ought to apply for just a few more brain cells!!!!!
B000002KBH|5.0|American Beauty is essential to any rock/pop library. &quot;Ripple&quot; is far and away the Dead's finest moment, and one of the best songs in rock history. &quot;Sugar Magnolia&quot; is not far behind, and the entire album  is solid material only - absolutely no filler, the Grateful Dead at the  height of their creative power. For anyone who is building a rock  collection, &quot;American Beauty&quot; and their other great work,  &quot;Workingman's Dead,&quot; are essential.
B000001DYY|4.0|Let's be honest, Roland is one of the good guys. He speaks from the still point inside of him and this is his talent.  TFF is still one of the bands that you grab off  the shelf without even thinking about the possibility  that it might not be good.  It is always a nutritious experience. No more  Kurt, Roland moves on seeking answers for the unanswerable like a warrior.
B0000028RR|5.0|what can i say that will make you appreciate this album? political, hard, but still instrumentally sound this is the best CD I own.  buy it if you know what's good for you
B00000JCB2|3.0|It ain't great but it's not as bad as these other reviewers say. I am thirty two years old and I have been following the trends of rock music-not rap-since 1980.This album is the only true rock album of 1999.I know  nothing about rap so I can't comment on that aspect of Limp Bizkit.I say  stop hanging on to boring old Doors and Led Zeppelin and try something  NEW.I like Kid Rock also. By the way,Poison was the worst bubblegum  &quot;metal&quot; band of sissies ever.Imagine pretty boys IN EYE LINER AND  LIPSTICK with big froofy hair. Limp Bizkit would destroy them in a talent  contest.
B00000DHTF|5.0|This boxed set took awhile for me to get though. Once I did listen to it all, it hasn't left my CD changer for months. It was so much fun discovering this music.
0671578278|5.0|_A Civil Campaign_ is simply wonderful.  Bujold has come up with science fiction's answer to Jane Austen (and Georgette Heyer, Dorothy Sayers, and Charlotte Bronte, to whom she's dedicated the book).  Miles is  dithering--madly in love with Ekaterin and desperately wanting to court  her, but not wanting to pressure her.  Mark is busy juggling true love and  entrepreneurship.  Gregor is finally getting to marry his lady-love, so  long as they survive all the pomp and circumstance leading up to the  wedding.  And poor Ivan!  His new commanding officer is his mother, and his  old flame, Lady Donna, isn't quite what she used to be.  Buy this book now,  pick up some pastries at the best bakery in town, and treat yourself to a  Ma Kosti-type tea and a lovely read.
0671578278|5.0|Even without the epic battles and blood and gore of earlier books, Bujold still kept me completely enthralled for the entire book, and I had already read the first ten chapters on the Baen Books web page. It can get  expensive when you buy a hardback book and then read it in one sitting, but  I couldn't put it down.  Miles has finally found happiness by age 31!  I  look forward to her next book expectantly, I pity the poor fool who'll take  Miles Vorkosigan on now that he has matured into a power in and of himself.
B000002MUN|5.0|I think EVERY song on this CD is great. At first I was a little disappointed, it was kind of mellow for Tom Petty but now its one of my favorite Tom Petty CD's. Had the oppurtunity to see him live at the Gorge  September 99. And of course, it too was Awsome!
B000002UE2|5.0|Disco was becoming big when this recording was released (1975). Recorded during Grand Funk's All The Girls In the World Beware Tour, it has a nice mix of material from every studio album up to that time. The... performances proved the band wasn't interested in following cheap, superficial trends. The first three songs alone (Footstompin' Music, Rock & Roll Soul and Closer To Home) are so heartfully done that it almost doesn't matter what comes after. But listen to the brilliant Inside Lookin' Out -- it's certainly as good a performance as the band's famed 1970 Live Album. And yes, the drum solo is cut short on the CD version. So what. Drum solos are great when you're at the show, and boooorrrrring when you're not. Even when they're by an acknowledged master like Don Brewer.
6305311463|4.0|While not the best movie I've ever seen, it's definitley one of the most entertaining.  The audio commentary is fantastic, with tons of extra content to give the viewer a little more insight into the workings of the  movie, as well as the movie business and production process.  The gag reel  is hilarious, enough said.  Even if this wasn't your favorite movie, this  release should bring to light a little more of why Michael Bay did the  things he did.
0783235453|4.0|This DVD is another good example of the purpose of DTS. (Another good example is the DTS version of Apollo 13.) The sound effects and music in this film are wonderful.<br />The movie itself is quite good. It makes you  think. It helps give another perspective on a terrible historical  injustice.<br />The visuals are often quite stunning. I always remember the  flag waving outside of a window in one of the courtroom scenes. That really  stuck with me.<br />I enjoyed this film, even though it left me feeling rather  sad.
B00000K2SC|5.0|explosive,deep thrilling adventure  that keeps you thinking all the way thru, a must see movie twice no three times to see the underlining truths of this movie, are we in a matrix , i wonder
0783230710|5.0|First, Apollo 13 is a wonderful film. It's suspenseful, well acted, and riveting, even though you know how it's going to turn out. But that's just the starting point.<br />If you're smart or lucky enough to have a DTS DVD  system, this is the perfect way to demonstrate the capabilities of DTS. The  sound in this film is astonishing.  Liftoff of the Apollo rocket makes you  think you're really there.<br />This is a &quot;must have&quot; DVD if you've  got DTS.
B000002J1B|5.0|Well, in the summary line, I didn't have enough space. Combining Rock and Classical. Back in '71 or '72 (when it came out-I'm glad to see people listening to this after all these years) our bass player and I sat down and  tried to figure out the timing in part of it. Still don't know. Best we  could figure was 7 1/2 8 which is ridiculous. But, anyway Bach and company  , I think, would be impressed!
B0000025OP|3.0|There are some nice songs on this album.  However it doesn't hold up to Dylan's greatest works, including Blonde on Blonde and Highway 61 amongst others.  The songs are less substantial, and less memorable.  The  performances lack his earlier starkness and immediacy.  The Band adds a  solid if not inspired back drop to the setting.  There is only one song  that features any harmonies, and with the Band during this period I can  only attribute that to lack of real care in producing these songs.  If you  notice on the Basement Tapes, the Band and Dylan sing effectively together  on many numbers, and those were considered throwaways at the time. Overall,  nice to own, especially for Dylan fans but short of his more poignant  works.
0968236405|5.0|Eckhart's methods stitch together the lessons of the sages into a tangible experience. Read this book!
B000002J6F|5.0|Steven always wanted to form a &quot;Super Group&quot;. Buffalo Springfield was the first, CSNY was the 2nd, and Manassas was the third and last. The first side of that 2 record set treated the listener to something  they never heard before or since,with it's seamless glide from one great  song to the next.The influence of the kid with the big white guitar (Chris  Hillman) is all over this LP.   Steve's musical mix for the rest of the  album is refreshing to say the least ! Johnny's Garden and Move Around  always put me in a very very good state of mind. The absolute BEST concert  I ever saw was Joe Walsh and Barnstorm (Joe's attempt at a Super Group) and   Steven Stills and Manassas at Merriweather Post Pavillion outside of D.C.  Joe and the boys were promoting &quot;The Smoker you Drink...&quot; and  after he blew the crowd away, Manassas finished us off. After blistering us  for an hour Steve gave the guys a break,then he did an acoustical set with  Joe Walsh on slide guitar. I forgot I brought a date!! Fans of the  Byrds,Pure Prairie League, Buffalo Springfield, Loggins &amp; Messina,The  Flying Burrito Bros., Dan Fogelburg and CSNY must have this one in their  collection.Thanks Steve, Chris, Al , Dallas, George &quot;Chocolate&quot;  Perry&quot; and supporting cast for this classic !!  Hey you guys at those  &quot;Classic Rock&quot; radio stations, how about some Manassas?
0553378384|5.0|I found this work insightful and illuminating for both myself, and my clients. With my nodes in mutual reception with my houses (ie. North Node in Sag in 3rd house of Gemini), conjunct Saturn, opposition Venus I am  anxiously awaiting the next volume on nodes in aspect to planets.
B000002JSN|5.0|Wow. As Zeppelin's most ambitious statement, and their first and only double album, Physical Graffiti would hypothetically be a contender for greatest rock album of all time it it weren't for Zoso (Not that I'm  complaining or anything! :-)) <br />Custard Pie is blues on speed, while being  squashed under the skillful wah-wah pedal of Jimmy Page.<br />The Rover simply  rocks. It combines headbanging with flair in a musical statement that is  hard to overestimate.<br />In My Time of Dying contains some of the best  spitfire-blues slide guitar you'll ever hear.<br />Houses of The Holy is a  great, catchy pop-rock song that just makes you wanna get up and get your  schwerve on.<br />Trampled Under Foot is pure, 100%, unfiltered headbanging  enjoyment.<br />Jimmy Page &amp; Robert Plant both agree that  &quot;Kashmir&quot; was their greatest work. I say they're just being  humble about &quot;Stairway to Heaven&quot;, but Kashmir is a close second.  (Man, Puffy really pissed me off when he did &quot;Come With Me&quot;!  Ruined a great song! (Yeah I know Jimmy helped him, but I think Jimmy was  just trying to expose a new generation of listeners to Zeppelin, which is  honorable))<br />In The Light has two distinct moods: A peaceful, glorious  side, and a dark, foreboding, heavy metal side. These two moods throw you  back and forth until you're dizzy, which is a good thing.<br />Bron-Y-Aur is  an acoustic track kinda hidden amidst greatness, but it's actually Jimmy  Page's best perfomance on this album! As a guitarist, trust me. This is NOT  an easy song to play! Very pretty, too.<br />Down By The Seaside is a really  peaceful little song, with really cretive use of a tremolo effect on Page's  guitar. Gets you in the mood for the next two songs.<br />Ten Years Gone is  the middle track of PG's &quot;mellow part&quot;, and really lets the  listener appreciate Zeppelin's flair and subtleties.<br />Night Flight is a  great ballad that, while overall pretty subdued, starts torock up the  album a little again, as to get you ready for....<br />The Wanton Song!  Headbanging conviently wrapped in a sleek, 4:06 package for your  enjoyment!<br />You'll find Boogie With Stu kinda silly the first couple times  you hear it, but the more you listen to it, the more you're gonna wanna get  up and, well, boogie!<br />Black Country Woman is some great acoustic blues  that really convey the blues to the listener.<br />And finally, Sick Again is  a great romping, rockin' closer that, along with the overall effect of the  album, will leave you breathless.<br />So BUY THIS ALBUM, for god sakes!
0425152251|4.0|I think this book is effective in teaching the basics and key players in western philosophy -- up to the 18th century.  So many pages are dedicated to the earlier periods, and then in a few short chapters in the end, the  author crams in what he considers the most important people/belief systems  in more recent times.  Near the end of the story, the characters are in a  hurry to escape the Major, which conveniently allows him to just skim thru  (and even omit) some of the most important philosophers of modern  day.<br />And what I found completely ridiculous is how he just casually  dismisses all metaphysical philosophies of the 20th century in one swift  paragraph.  He claims tarot, clairvoyance, astrology, numerology, and  basically everything that's becoming more widely accepted in the past  decade as being &quot;rubbish.&quot;  This is so hypocritical, since in  several of the chapters earlier, his characters explain how it's naive to  just dismiss new ways of thought just because it seems inplausible at the  time.<br />Anyway, despite the weak last chapters, it's a very educational  read...
B000002J1U|5.0|To tell you the truth, the first time I heard this one, I thought &quot;Is this REALLY Led Zeppelin?&quot; But after listening to it, oh, say 5 more times, I really began to appreciate the marvelous range of musical styles  present on this album. From classic Zeppelin headbangers &quot;Immigrant  Song&quot;, &quot;Out On The Tiles&quot;, to elegant, yet forceful blues  &quot;Since I've Been Loving You&quot;, to acoustic songs that make your  head bang and your feet stomp at a surprising pace &quot;Gallows  Pole&quot;, &quot;Bron-Y-Aur Stomp&quot;, this one's got it all.<br />In  retrospect, I suppose the main reason that this one has gotten some  negative reviews in the past is because it's sandwiched between LZ II, the  best headbanger album ever, and Zoso, the best album ever, period. But I  love it, and think you will too.
6305546797|5.0|A classic movie and a great restoration.  A masterpiece
B000002JSP|5.0|Only Led Zeppelin could make cheesy synthesizer sound and disco influences sound good, and they did just that with ITTOD! <br />With ITTOD, Led Zeppelin once again proved to us that they were extremely creative and always  reinventing themselves, and for a metal band, that's amazing! <br />LZ's most  complex album yet, ITTOD contains the incredible &quot;In the Evening&quot;  and &quot;Carouselambra&quot;, which use the newly found creative outputs  of keyboards and synthesizers with a flair and complexity that no 80's band  ever matched. And &quot;All My Love&quot; is quite simply an epic love  song. <br />Ok, when you hear &quot;Hot Dog&quot; for the first time, you're  gonna think it's a joke. Which it probably was. But behind it's country  sense of humor is actually some pretty good guitar work from Jimmy Page,  who's not afraid to show off his Chet Atkins type influences.<br />Among the  album's amazing musical depth, however, Fool In The Rain manages to stand  out as an all time classic, with it's great John Paul Jones piano riff and  synthesizer-on-steroids Jimmy Page guitar solo.<br />And finally, I'm Gonna  Crawl is such a perfect song to be the last song on LZ's last album, as it  closes out their wonderful career with amazing grace.<br />What a wonderful  swan song this album was for LZ, and may Bonzo rest in peace.
0783114222|5.0|Wonderfully cast, written, produced, and directed. This movie is a must have for any space lover!! Some of the best work I've ever seen.
B000002J09|5.0|Why am I even writing this? EVERYONE has this album!<br />Oh well, in case you don't, here goes my summary of LZIV, song by song:<br />1. Black Dog: Jimmy Page, &quot;master of riffs&quot;, proves that he is extremely  deserving of this title with this tracks catchy, headbanging main riff. And  the solo! WOW! All the attention goes to Stairway's solo, but this is quite  simply Jimmy Page's best solo! Believe me, as a guitarist myself, the  technical skill displayed on this solo, from it's triple-tracked opening,  to it's wild note-bending, is simply incredible. I cannot even come close  to playing this, and probably never will. 2. Rock &amp; Roll: ABSOLUTELY  MUST BE PLAYED AT MAXIMUM VOLUME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 'Nuff said.  3. The Battle of Evermore: Robert Plant's vocals are the highlight of this  one, in which he gracefully sweeps the upper reaches of the sonic spectrum  with his haunting lyrics.  4. Stairway to Heaven:   Um, what more can I say than that this is the greatest song in rock  history? Not much. It takes you for a ride, an emotional journey, surrounds  you in it's beauty and mystique, and then knocks you off your feet with the  perfectly composed solo and epic finish, and lets you off the ride 7 or 8  minutes later. And of course, you get right back in line to ride it again.  5. Misty Mountain Hop: Stairway to Heaven will probably stun you more  effectively than a 20,000 volt shock, and Robert Plant's (Melodic!)  screaming on this track is just the thing needed to wake you back up from a  Stairway-induced trance. 6. Four Sticks: You're gonna have a headache from  headbanging to this one. 7. Going to California: The flair and beauty with  which Page plays the acoustic guitar and mandolin (I THINK Page did the  mandolin) on this song is incredible, and Plant's voice will soothe you,  for once, until he decides to shriek a little (Out of key, but it sounds  good, in a strange way. Trust me.), and then he soothes again. Very pretty  song, with alot of depth (Layers upon layers of music!) 8. When The Levee  Breaks: Blues de-luxe. And man, John Bonham really beats  his drums on this one! Page actually set up microphones in the hall outside  of the main recording room in order to get the booming, resonating sound  heard on this track, and it apparently worked. A great finish to an  incredible album.<br />So there you have it: Why LZIV (also known as Zoso) is  the greatest album of all time. So get up and buy it already!
B00000I924|5.0|Ok. It took me a while to fully grasp this one, not being a big techno fan and all, but after about the 5th time I listened to it, it was one of my top 5 favorite albums, right up there with the likes of Led Zeppelin IV and  Jimi Hendrix's Are You Experienced. And the guitar playing (Dare I say?) is  probably better than on either of those (Although NOTHING beats Jimi's live  playing). &quot;Brush With The Blues&quot;, a live track, is basically just  Beck with a slow, unobtrusive bass and drum track, showing off. And trust  me, you will not mind him showing off! And the solo in &quot;Space For The  Papa&quot; brings to mind the playing of the great slide players: Robert  Johnson, etc. But then you realize that Beck ain't using a slide, that's  his whammy bar! Amazing! He manages to get TONS of unique sounds out of his  guitar on this album, from the most spaced out mega-bends to wild flurries  of harmonics. If you play rock guitar or enjoy good guitar playing, BUY  THIS ALBUM!
B000002J0B|5.0|Really great album, with very poetic lyrics at times. This is Led Zeppelin for the artsy crowd, the crowd that appreciates music with beautiful subtleties, as is extremely apparent in the beautiful classical-inspired  &quot;Rain Song&quot;, which, by the way, would make a very good poem, too.  <br />But the part I like the most about this album is it's huge range of  different musical styles that all combine to form a coherent whole, and a  very impressive whole at that. From the psuedo-reggae of &quot;D'yer  Mak'er&quot; (Actually pronounced &quot;Jamaica&quot; in a heavy British  accent!) to the funkadelic &quot;The Crunge&quot;, to the heavy, foreboding  metal of &quot;No Quarter&quot;, this album gracefully sweeps the musical  spectrum, leaving an indelible mark on anyone who listens to it.<br />And, of  course, it has &quot;Over the Hills and Far Away&quot;, a top 25 all-time  classic rock song.
B000002J03|5.0|Ok, I'm a musician and a journalist, so normally my reviews get a little long and complex, but I'm going to say this as simply and effeciently as possible: THERE HAS NEVER BEEN AND WILL NEVER BE AN ALBUM THAT ROCKS QUITE  AS HARD AS THIS ONE! For pure headbanging enjoyment, as well as marvelling  at Zep's incredible FLAIR (How's that for a metal band? FLAIR!), this is  THE album to buy.
6305603847|5.0|One of the greatest music-movies ever made. Roger Waters is a genius
0385495315|5.0|This book really explains everything about cryptography; not just the inner workings, but the history behind it and its real like applications.  It's a great book, I hope everyone can get a chance to read this and see  how cryptography changed the world.
B00000JG41|5.0|I never even heard of mr. bungle untill the break-up of FNM. I was a big fan of FNM, but bungle just blew me away! I now have all 3 disks,and listen to at least 1 each and every day. &quot;California&quot; is different than  the previous albums, but that's always been Patton's style. I can't even  name a favorite song off this album, because they are all outstanding  efforts! This album is full of rich harmonies and great music. I just can't  wait for the next album. If you don't already have this CD in your  collection, I suggest you just point your mouse to the back button, add to  shopping cart, go to checkout, order, and enjoy!
0780627024|1.0|I assume this film had a message, but I had no idea what it was. Color, then black-and-white...  Joan Allen having an affair with Jeff Daniels, who plays a mildly-retarded malt-shop employee... Mr. Furley talking through  the TV set, and so on. A lot of moviegoers liked it. A lot of critics liked  it. I thought it was a complete waste of time.
B00000ADG2|5.0|I have had few CD's where i have liked all the songs (This and Collective Soul) I have listened to this as i sleep for about a year, and I have never found a better CD. Track 7 (the name just slipped my mind) is an awesome  song with powerful lyrics. Carlos Santana's guitar in To Zion (4) is  amazing. I would easily have payed double the price for this CD.
6302816580|5.0|This film works on so many levels. Just kidding. I don't think the makers of this movie intended for there to be any laughs, but the entire film is  laugh-out-loud hysterical. By the way, did anybody else notice that Sly's  major opponent (Bull Hurley) only lost once in the big tournament? How many  times did we hear it was a double-elimination event? Bull has one more  shot! Maybe we'll see it in the sequel. The scene in which Sly talks about  turning his hat around (&quot;It's like a switch&quot;) to get ready for a  match is cinema at its best. If I would have been able to hear and  understand Sly throughout the film, I would have to rate this a six-star  movie.
6302994063|5.0|This has to be my all-time favorite movie! Paul Mercurio is really hot, in that Medeterranian sort of way, dark skin, dark hair, and those swiveling hips, yum. Well, the movie is so funny, and the way Fran, the ugly  beginner, turns into be somewhat pretty is actually believable! I love it!
6305127689|5.0|If you don't love this film, you have a problem. The dialogue, the camaraderie and the climactic dogfight scenes above the Indian Ocean should make any true American want to enlist. If the last 23 minutes of this film  were shown to  coma patients, I believe at least half of them would regain  consciousness!
6300183971|5.0|This is one of the best movies they should make a Seque
B00000JCB2|5.0|I'll have to admit that I had some trepidation when considering this CD.  I was pleasantly surprised to find that Limp Bizkit's sound has matured dramatically.  Hard rocking beats with a crisp edge of hip-hop.  Music that  you can dance to as well as rock out to.  It's obviouse that these guys put  a lot into their music.  Songs like &quot;Just Like This&quot; which will  draw you right into the CD, then &quot;Re-arranged&quot;, which is somewhat  mellow, but still rocks, will cause most listeners to believe that this  band is highly UNDERRATED.  This music is for everyone with a taste for  good solid &quot;phat beats&quot;.  I haven't mentioned &quot;Nookie&quot;  yet, because anyone with any taste in music at all would like this song.   Nookie sells itself, no need for review or comment.
0780625129|5.0|Once again, Edward Norton shows us high quality, top class acting.  &quot;You see this?!, it means not welcome!&quot;
068484267X|4.0|&quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; is the melancholy story of the McCourt family as told through the eyes of Frank McCourt.  McCourt's family went to America and then back to Ireland. The story continues until Frank is  nineteen and leaving for America. The strength of the book lies in the  vivid characterizations, the honesty of the narrative and the beautifully  descriptive writing.  McCourt puts you in the town of Limerick with the  feckless McCourt family and their troubles. The book has its imperfections.  McCourt indulges in a great deal of repetition.  We hear over and over  again about a relative who was dropped on his head as a child.  Over and  over, McCourt's father goes to the pubs to drink up his wages.  There is an  inevitability to the suffering that is incredibly depressing.  The McCourt  family is reduced to begging, to painting their legs black in order to hide  the holes in their stockings and to living in a house with a sewer inside  used by the entire neighborhood.  &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; is a story of  survival against great odds, and it breaks your heart to see people  suffering like this.  McCourt certainly captures the feeling of what it was  like to grow up in Ireland in abject poverty, suffering tremendous hunger  and humiliation on a daily basis.
6304346107|5.0|While Miss Paltrow is acceptable, Ms. Beckinsale truly becomes Emma. This rendition is superior to the glossier Paltrow version largely due to the much superior casting. The Harriets do not even compare...this Harriet is  shy, pretty, and reflective. The Harriet in Paltrow's version looks like  the dark-haired one of Cagney and Lacey (I don't know, or care, which is  Cagney or Lacey); she overacts terribly. Ms. Beckinsale's version is also  far superior in the &quot;finer&quot; touches...period behavior, language,  etc.
B000002952|3.0|While on the cover of the CD Gloria Estefan says she loves the old-time Cuban music, there's something missing from this rendition.  Certainly Gloria has demonstrated on past CDs that she has both heart and soul, but  they don't come across for some reason on this one.  The passion just isn't  there.
6302719631|1.0|I am a simple man, easily amused and with fairly low standards, but this tripe was the WORST movie I have ever seen (and I saw Caddyshack II). As a Jane Austen fan, I ignored the other poor reviews out of a sense of  completeness...how I wish that I were left incomplete from ignorance rather  than incompetence. The acting is poor, the sound worse, the sets drab, and,  how shall a gentleman say this...the actors/actresses were stunningly ugly.  A local high school drama class without a budget could produce a better  work.
B0000024YL|5.0|Anyone who likes S &amp; G but doesn't have any of their other albums should get this CD. I had never heard &quot;For Emily . . .&quot; before listening to this disc; it is an oddly beautiful song that I found, and  still find, quite moving. The essential songs are all here.
B000002UJQ|5.0|Everytime you listen to this album, you hear something new, whether it be a certain sound that was mixed in or a particular way Thom sings a lyric. This record is a masterpiece and should not be dissected by each song, for  it should be looked at as a whole. In contrast, The Bends has singular  songs, whereas, Ok Computer is an entire album that flows from the first to  the last song, telling a story about living in our modern technological  society. Also check out all the singles for this record. There are some  amazing B-sides that should not be ignored. And make sure you see this band  live when they come back to tour next year. They are the best,yet simplest  band I have ever scene. They do not need stage tricks to grab your  attention. And if they don't grab your attention, then someone needs to  check your pulse. I cannot wait till they give us new material in 2000!
0800141326|1.0|Godzilla(1998) is the worst godzilla movie ever and is a disgrace to the real godzilla.  One of the worst remakes of all time. Lacks the fun colorful campiness of some Godzilla flicks and the heart and true  seriousness of others in the series. Also Godzilla doesn't look like  godzilla he looks like regular Computer Geneated Crap! THE WORST REMAKE  EVER MADE!!! Skip this and watch the rest.
0792139771|5.0|Mel Gibson, although not even a Brit, played a magnificent part in this film - Scottish accent and all.  Based on fact in the early 13th century - I'm sure there were tell-tale signs that it wasn't really the 13th century  but this did not detract from my viewing.  When you're so engrossed in a  film, you don't always notice the errors.  William Wallace showed great  courage in the face of death and made me feel proud to be a Scot.   <br />Disappointingly though, the real William Wallace was not as handsome.
B00001MXXG|5.0|I really love this movie... I think it captures the feel of 'senioritis' perfectly... and it will make you wish that you were that cool in high school.  The characters are not quite typical- Ferris, the charismatic  BMOC, Cameron, his extremely uptight best friend, and then there's the  principle who's out to get them.  OK, so maybe they are typical  characters... but they're done in what I feel is not a typical way... and  even the bit parts are well done and uproariously funny.  It's not the  movie for everyone, I'm sure... but I think it's a classic.
6301008960|4.0|This movie has everything you expect from an 80's film.  Amazing characters, great music, and unforgetable one liners.  &quot;Tell him I'm washing my hair...out of the country.&quot;<br />This movie is pure  entertainment, culminating in Ronnie's vindication &quot;Hi  Ronnie&quot;.<br />A must see.
0790733226|5.0|Five stars for both the movie and the DVD! I don't engage in the &quot;grade inflation&quot; of most reviewers at this site, who give out 5 stars too frequently. That rating should be reserved for instances of  excellence - a term that should imply some uncommonness - in both the movie  and the medium. This DVD has attained that rating. I did not read the book,  and my evaluation is not colored by comparisons with it. The movie itself  is thoroughly engaging, even for those who, unlike me, are not sci-fi fans.  The acting is excellent and the casting was superb. Special effects are not  a significant factor in my rating of films, but these are quite remarkable  at first sight, and seem more so after watching and listening to the  commentaries. The DVD has excellent video reproduction, and is full of  extras. The only significant factor of the movie that I criticize is the  failure to clearly convey the ambiguity concerning the reality of Ellie's  experience. This was not evident to me until hearing the director's  commentary. That is a small flaw in a brilliant diamond.
B000002J1F|5.0|Fragile is perhaps one of the best Yes recordings ever, only surpased, maybe, by Close to the Edge. People under 25 should hear this record and buy it right away. It was recorded 28 years ago and it sounds fresh,  powerful and avant garde.
B000002KD9|5.0|I have very good memories of this album - It was the first Neil Young album I possessed and it remains many years later as perhaps the one I return to a little more often than others. I lack the discernment to decide  which of Mr Youngs albums is  'the greatest' they are all equally important  to me... and I love them all. This album just doesn't go wrong, from the  sublime 'I belive in you' to the quriky 'I am going to give you til the  morning comes'.. I'll even disagree with earlier reviews and say I think  the song Southern Man to be one of the strongest and finest on there. Lets  face it NY can do no wrong. Buy this album. Buy it then buy everything else  he has done. Neil Young is god.
B00000FCBC|5.0|This album isn't the best Metallica has put out but it is still worth the money! I mean the remakes of Bob Segars song and that song Whiskey In The Jar make this album just kick. Don't forget about disc two remake of the  Queen classic Stone Cold Crazy. If you want to bad mouth the best metal  band of all time just because your personally hate metal then please do it  off of here. The true fans have spoken!
6304077955|5.0|have you ever seen a movie that makes youwant to make your life something completely different? have you ever sseen a movie that kills you the first time you watch it? b/c for me, this is one of those movies. well writen  well directed and acted by one of the best actors of our time. i don't  understand what is wrong with everyone out there making movies. david  thewlis should be in all of them. well, no, that would be silly....but he  should be playing more leads then 5. this is my favorit movie. it makes me  want to....i don't know...buy the movie. at least rent it...watch  it...listen to it.
0375707972|4.0|Some people may find it offensive, because of the relationship between the main characters. But I personally thought it was a good story in spite of it. The characters seem to change right before your eyes, and the end changed my whole view of everything beforehand. Overall, a good read.
0312853238|5.0|ender's game was definitely one of the best books i have ever read, and all my other favorite books are also by card. it really makes one think about society, and makes you wonder if it will really end up something like  that. if you haven't read ender's game, read it, and all the other ones,  too!
B00000J7S8|4.0|I had never heard of Diana Krall before stumbling upon a display of this CD in a Santa Monica music store during summer 1999.  It is among my favorite jazz vocals right along side of Chet Baker's vocals.  When Diana  Krall gives her listeners a little bit more of her beautiful, haunting  piano playing along side her vocals, she will have struck the perfect  balance.  It is great to listen to a young singer do old standards!  I hope  that she continues to devlop as an artist so that the few flaws in her  vocal presentation are corrected.  Nevertheless, this is a CD worth having.  May she keep those CD's coming.
0380973464|5.0|Other reader reviews criticize Cryptonomicon for being three novels in one, or not having an editor pare it down. I was glad that it was as long as it is. Have you ever read a really long, really interesting New Yorker  article and wanted it to keep going? This is your kind of book.<br />I read a  lot, and I haven't enjoyed a novel this much all year.
0688170528|5.0|My first read for this writer. Have since added her to my list of authors. This book will stay with me for some time.
B00000K19E|5.0|I thought this movie was increidble. It made you think about life and reality. I saw this movie three times and every time I picked up on something new. It is a for sure buy!!!!
0804106304|5.0|Even chinese culture are sometimes distorted in this book, the stories in this book make me cry. Huge and deep gaps between two generations and two different cultures, what described in this book make me rethink the meaning  of time and life.
6302383366|5.0|flawless performance by the most fabulous woman alive. worth owning just for 'many rivers to cross'.
B000000W6R|5.0|This album benefits from not having been concieved as a whole. Every song seems to exist in its' own little world, and the result is one of the most moving collections of songs I've heard. There is not a clunker in the  bunch. 'Plume', 'La Dolly Vita', 'Obscured', Corgan's cover of 'Landslide'  deserve distinguished mentions, but the albums centerpiece is the magnum  opus 'Starla' and it is quite simply my favorite Pumpkins song and one of  my favorite rock songs ever. 'Starla' trumps its' obvious inspiration (  Clapton's 'Layla' ) and achieves true heartbreak in its'  raging-against-the-void guitar outre. It has a similar affect on me as  Wagner's 'Liebestod'.
0385484518|5.0|This book was totally inspirational.  Its definitely one of my favorite books.
0767824571|5.0|No matter how many times I see this movie I still laugh like its the first time I ever seen it.  If you dont have you have to get it!
6305363668|5.0|One of the best movies of this century.  This movie defines what science fiction films after would be like.  Ford, like Indie, and Solo is in a role written for him.  This is truly a cult classic, to be placed on the shelf  next to Kubrick, and others like it. I enjoy this movie more and more each  time I see it.  A great soundtrack, and dazzleing special effects share  with Ford, and Hannah's performances.  I highly reccomend this to any  Sci-fi fan.
B00000JZC4|2.0|What happened!?!?!  Short Bus was a very interesting and compelling album that was both catchy and dark; this album is just catchy(and not in a good way).  It's depressing to see a talented musician like Patrick (or maybe  liesegang was the one with talent?) churn out mindless radio-friendly  garbage, but hey-anything to make a buck, right?  It seems that the person  below me is rather confused as to what industrial music is; it's NOT Filter  (or even NIN), it's bands like Front Line Assembly, Numb, and Cubanate,  although i doubt anyone here has heard of them . . .
B0000214F0|1.0|I recall seeing &quot;Caligula&quot; when it first came out. And for all the controversy it caused, it is nothing more than an expensive porn film. But aside from that, it is appallingly bad....boring, tedious, shocking for  it's own sake and just plain stupid. The violence is gratutious and the sex  is added to try and shock mainstream audiences. An abomination.
0380715430|4.0|Bryson provides a great companion book for those teaching the origins of the language.
B00000K3D4|5.0|I just wouldnt be a proper fan unless I threw in my 2 cents.  I saw it when it came out..I watched it last night.  Seems I am greedy.  I have 2 copies on VHS have a copy on Laserdisk and am buying a copy on DVD.  Its  just that good and that much fun.  That about sums it up.
B000002J09|5.0|The best band to have ever walked the face of the earth is Led Zeppelin. There isn't a band out there that hasn't been influenced by these four masters of rock n'roll. All their albums are great and they all deserve  five stars. Also, they don't have one bad song.
0671027344|5.0|This book was one of the most touching and realistic portrayals of high school that i've ever found. Although it has some adult-type material, i recomend it to anyone who can read with an open mind. Great work Stephen  Chbosky!
6305426651|5.0|Life is Beautiful is truly a masterpiece. One of the best film i've ever seen. Mr. Benigni did a wounderful job and earned that Oscar.
B000002UA5|5.0|I am a die-hard Pink Floyd fan;but I cant listen to the studio disc, except The Narrow way part 3 is very good. The true &quot;essence&quot; of Floyd is captured within the live disc. I have heard many, many boot legs,  and I have to say the Floyd performed their best on the June night they  recorded the live disc. All of the songs are the best version you will ever  hear. Saucerful of Secrets is enough reason to pay 20$; and of course the  rest of the songs are excellent. If you enjoy pre-70s Floyd, dont hesitate  to buy this masterpiece.
B00000JPH5|5.0|I first fell in love with this movie a few years ago, and I fell hard. The characters are ingenious and hilarious, not to mention David Bowie's superb portrayal of the seductively evil Goblin King. Jim Henson Productions was  right in rereleasing such a great classic. (and if JHP ever reads this,  there are some fabulous epic fanfics out there you could easily make into a  blockbuster sequel).
B00000JMQC|5.0|In August (1999), I happened upon &quot;Return to Oz&quot; and picked it up as a baby-sitting tool for my three-year old granddaughter, who is an avid fan of the &quot;Natale Gregory versions&quot; of the  &quot;Alice&quot; movies.  The claymation process of the &quot;Return to  Oz&quot; is wonderful and the characters are fascinating and fun. The Balk  child is perfect for the role.  Also, the movie shows how clumsy and cruel  the shock treatments were in that period.  &quot;Return to Oz&quot;  presented a simple, well-done story that even a small child can understand,  enjoy and want to see over and over again.
B000002WYT|5.0|I have been a fan of the Dave Matthews Band since Under the Table and Dreaming.  The records have only gotten better.  He some how gets the feel of the concert oon to the disc.  The band all come from differing  backgrounds and somehow interweave their talents to form the best band in a  long while!
B00000FCBC|5.0|I bought this CD for the chance to have every old cover they did and to my surprise was very impressed with the 1st CD.  I had bought the last two Metallica CD's and I thought they were trash.  Die, Die, My Darling, and  Mercyful Fate are great songs.  Of course they have some weak tunes:  Whiskey, Tuesday, and It's electric, but I'm getting used to that.  It is  hard and it's heavy, and it's what they should sound like all the time. All  in all it's a MUST HAVE!!
B00000K2SC|5.0|Awsome grafics, fabulous soundtrack. I'm going to buy it as soon as it comes out.
6305265666|5.0|This movie is a must see for anyone. My 7 yr old daughter and 5 yr old son adore it. It has an absolutely wonderful cast and terrific role model in Danielle. We love the fact that she has such conviction and is not afraid  to take charge and not let life bring her down. Drew Barrymore is a natural  in the part. And the Prince is wonderful to watch soften and become more  open minded as he falls in love.... It is also very interesting to watch  the Prince and his Mother, the Queen share some tender moments  together...all in all the cast is perfect! We have watched the movie  numerous times and never grow tired of it!
0671004107|4.0|although, for lack of free time, it took me just under six months to read this book, I enjoyed it thoroughly.  It seemed to help expand my imagination, and consider possibilities that I've never thought about  before.  It had all the elements to make a good book... and just in case  you're wondering.... IT'S COMPLETELY DIFFERENT FROM THE MOVIE!! :):)
B00000JIN1|5.0|I've listened to the music on my mates CD, and it's brilliant! All there is for me to do now is to buy the dam thing!!!
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie is too good to be true.  Finally, Hollywood comes out with a movie that has great actors, awesome plot, suspense out the wazoo, and the most incredible special effects.  You had better go to the bathroom before  the movie starts becuase you will not want to get up at ALL.  And when the  last hour of the movie comes around, prepare yourself...hoo boy.  This is  THE ride.
B00000IBRX|4.0|Scenery and effects are worth the view. When our daughter was four, we visited Italy, including a museum in Napoli which had a small room full of one vast Nativity Scene which included everybody and everything, entire  village and then some.  Our daughter sat on her father's shoulders and, as  she entered this room, she cried &quot;Oh! It's the whole world!&quot;.   That delight mirrors mine in seeing these wonderful effects.  In addition,  it tickled me to find Max Von Sydow, THE (Ingmar)Bergman actor, leading  Chris to a Bergman &quot;hell&quot; of black and white.  It's a great  &quot;in&quot; joke and everyone should NOW see Bergman's films!  Williams  can never resist a one-line throw-away and his play on &quot; a sea of  faces&quot; is irresistable. As well, it's refreshing to consider  &quot;beliefs&quot; from others' points of view, maybe causing us to ponder  our own. To some,the story-line may not be &quot;gripping&quot;, but the  view is wonderful and worth it.
B000001Y16|5.0|this album is deep. it has heaps of hidden messages, and the beats are all good as well. the song against all odds is phat, and how it sticks it to nas makes it evan betta. westside till i die. Tupac aka makaveli R.I.P
6305120706|4.0|Poor old Cats - longest-running musical in the world, and practically every critic hates it.  It's a case of that old adage, 'nobody likes it except the public'.  Well, not even all the public - the hard of thinking  don't like it because there's no apparent plot (ever heard of fun for its  own sake, guys?) and the Sondheim-loving crowd dislike it because, well,  there are tunes you can hum.<br />Look, just take it on its own terms - it's  an entertaining song and dance show based (pretty faithfully) around some  better-than-average children's verse.  It's well filmed and the sound is  good (people complaining about lip-synching are missing the point - nobody  ever criticised the great movie musicals for this supposed 'crime'), and  the DVD is a *lot* better than the video.  I've seen the London show  several times, and it is pretty faithful to the original.  My complaint is  that it isn't all the original show - 'Mungojerrie and Rumpelteazer' has a  new (and arguably inferior) tune and 'The Ballad of Billy McCaw' is  missing.  However, if you have seen the stage show, it is a more than  adequate souvenir, and if you haven't, the DVD gives a good indication why  this is the longest-running musical in the world.
B000002NJS|5.0|This album is a work of art, and that's a lot coming from a person who didn't even like Madonna.  The songs and the lyrics are very deep.  The music can be listened to over and over.  This album defines timelessness.
078062369X|5.0|When I had first seen some previews of &quot;Blade&quot;, I thought the movie would most likely be stupid. After watching &quot;Mortal Kombat: Annihilation&quot; and &quot;Spawn&quot; I now know not to get my hopes up.  I was suprised to discover that not only is this movie good, but it's one  of my favorite movies!! They need more movies like this. It has a lot of  action and an awsome opening. My only complaints are that it was stupid for  them to have sunblock which really worked on vampires and it was annoying  for the docter to have the cure in such a short amount of time. It was cool  that a cure was possible but, @#$%, she found it in only a few days. One  more complaint is that when the producers made the myth about the  vampire-god, they did not specify why a vampire-god didn't really come  which, according to Frost, was supposed to happen. My guess is that it was  because Blade was not inside of that capsule when the lightning struck  through the roof of the temple. Despite any flaw this movie had, it more  than made up for it in other areas and despite anything others might think,  the story was good. What I don't understand is that people have the  audacity to say this movie is stupid because it has a lot of blood and  gore. Anybody with commen scence can easily choose not to see a movie that  is likely to have something in it they don't like. I HATE &quot;How Stella  Got Her Groove Back&quot;, but I am not going to give it a bad rating  merely because it's not my type of movie. Especially if I'm dumb enough to  watch it knowing that the chances are that I'm not going to like it in the  first place. &quot;Blade&quot; is WAY better than &quot;Lost Boys&quot;. I  will admit that &quot;Lost Boys&quot; doesn't have the flaws like  &quot;Blade&quot; and I personally think that &quot;Lost Boys&quot; is an  excellent movie. &quot;Lost Boys has a little bit of the good stuff that  &quot;Blade&quot; doesn't and &quot;Blade has a LOT of the good stuff  &quot;LostBoys&quot; doesn't. There is nothing new in &quot;Lost  Boys&quot; and it doesn't take that much to make the movie. Blade has much  more special effects, action, violence, and you can't deny the fact that  they put a lot into it. If everyone was looking for a movie with hardly no  action and a great story they would probabely be pretty bored. They  certainly don't really have any movies with a visual combination as good as  &quot;Blade&quot; AND a nearly flawless plot and storyline. The day movies  start having BOTH of these is the day &quot;Blade&quot; can rightfully be  considered lame.
0780624890|5.0|I thought it was great. The hole idea of a black vampire super hero was awsume and original. Stevin dorth and Wesly Snipes both did great jobs of becoming Blade and Frost. I though that none could have done it better.  That black lady wasn't the best actress though ....but other then that  everyone else was GREAT you should get it.....(if you like action, or  vampires)
0446310786|5.0|My mother forced me to read this book, and I'm so glad she did.  This book was great.  The meaning of the book goes way beyond the rape trial, so I suggest that if you didn't like it, read it again!  It will make more  sense.  I recommend this book to everyone.
6302787556|5.0|To this day, &quot;Malcolm X&quot; is one of my all time favorite films.  It is a shame that some of the greatest performances are ignored while equal or lesser performances are praised.  For example, Denzel Washington  won for &quot;Glory&quot; (a great film) but lost with &quot;Malcolm  X&quot; and Laurence Fishburne lost with &quot;Othello&quot; and won for  &quot;Whats Love Got to do With It&quot; (an inferior film).  And all this  while there are screams of discrimination in Hollywood.  Denzel wins for a  powerful slave role, but not for a controversial figure.  Laurence wins for  an abusive husband, but not for an awsome portrayal of a Shakespeare  character in an inter-ethnic relationship.   <br />Not only is &quot;Malcolm  X&quot; one of Washington's greatest performances, it is Spike Lee's  greatest achievement so far and I own all of his films.  It is a daring,  insightful, and moving experience.  Brother Malcolm's entire experience can  be an inspiration to us all, regardless of our background.  I feel it is an  important film for all to see.
0345350499|5.0|This novel provides a whole new outlook on Arthurian legends.  Instead of the glorified heroes and weak damsels we see heroes with faults and damsels with back bones.  The book presents a female point of view without  overdoing it.  It is not the &quot;feminazi&quot; type novel people can  make it out to be.  Instead it presents people as human - with all the  faults that come along with being human.  No one is glorified, no one goes  without pain, and no one is perfect by far.  The author transports you to a  time and place that never really exist but, by the time you leave, you wish  you could be there forever.
B00000G3PA|3.0|A film that combines both action, and romantic scenes. Suitable for all family members bigger than 10 years old.
B000002U9E|5.0|Kate Bush is an intelligent and beautiful lyricist, and the music on this album is surreal.  It's one of the few albums I have that I listen to entirely, over and over again, years after buying it.  And it's definitely  Kate at her best.
B00000ILDF|3.0|People think this movie is one of the worst movies ever made. Well thats there opion. Sure there are some bad things about this movie but I still like it. Ripley's death was proably a good thing. Not that I'm saying  Sigourney Weaver is a bad actress but it was time for her character to die.  The rest of the characters in this movie were stupid. The one thing I  didn't like is that they didn't explain why the alien was so different from  all the others. I enjoyed the death scenes in this movie. They made them  seem so dramatic. This is not the best movie, but I enjoyed it. If your an  alien fan you'll have to see this one to make sense of 4.
B000002JB8|5.0|Many other Vangelis albums, while containing great music, don't seem to match the concept suggested by the album title.  This CD is supurb through every track with strong melodies and production.  Great for a novice  Vangelis listener; must for his fans.
0788805843|4.0|I am a little taken aback by those who insist that this must be a bad movie because it is not mythologically accurate.  While this cannot be called the best Disney has to offer, it is a warm, fuzzy movie that  inspires me to keep trying.  I don't particularly care that it may not be  what's actually in the history books, and I don't think all the  eight-year-olds who loved the movie cared either.  If you want mythological  accuracy, watch the history channel!  Disney is not about accuracy, it's  about fun.  And &quot;Hercules&quot; is, if nothing else, fun.
B0000033P0|4.0|It took me a few listens to learn to enjoy this, but when I stopped trying to match up the music to the &quot;story&quot; on the inside cover and just tried to enjoy myself, I discovered that the Tarkus piece is one of the  coolest tracks I've ever heard. The synth tone of AquaTarkus is a bit  annoying, but other than that, the whole thing is fantastic, even  Mass.<br />Side two is good too. Jeremy Bender is bland, sure, but the rest is  all at least decent, even the much maligned Are You Ready Eddy
0792833236|5.0|I will not be redundant of the deserved high praise others have given this movie, and particularly DeNiro and Scorcese, except to say that I agree completely. Few reviewers have mentioned the stunning performance of Joe  Pesci (in his first major film role) in which he perfectly creates a  character who is hilariously funny, ultra-violent and a compassionate and  caring brother. For the viewer, a great companion film is the  Scorcese-DeNiro-Pesci work, Goodfellas.
6304882394|5.0|This video is great for children who love moving machines.  My son enjoys watching the machines which are the stars of the show and singing along with the songs.
6303421563|5.0|Jean Reno gives a stellar performance as the hardened hitman (cleaner) in this movie.  Also, it showcases the brilliance of Natalie Portman which was tragically under-used in Star Wars: The Phantom Menace.  Truly a  heartbreaking movie and a must see for those interested in great movies.
6305537798|5.0|10 Things I Hate is such a good movie it exsplains about teens today like Kat(My Fave)is so in to the way se does her homework and the way she feels about the world is just the way I do. And the way she tells people to their  faces and how she is so very tough it's a perfect exsample of how to feel  now. I feel the same way!!!!!!!!
B000002LK1|5.0|I am an 80's and dance music fan, so this album was perfect.  The music is the perfect combination for me.  I loved the songs and the music that DM did in this album especially.  Even though it is short its an awsome album.
6302968100|4.0|Are there any bad scenes at all in this boyish, tongue-in-cheek damnation movie? True Romance is so far the most complete story told by Q.T., with gusto and bravado performances from the A level of today's male movie  actors. Hopper, Oldman, Walken, Jackson, small bits but unforgettable. Even  Slater looks good, and the lovely Ms. Arquette truly is a peach. Best bits:  For the body, the dinner-fight and snappy dialogue between Slater and  Oldman in Drexl's den. For the mind, though, we vote for Hopper's final  monologue in front of a surprisingly well acting Christopher Walken as  Vincenzo Coccotti, &quot;the Antichrist personified&quot;. Throughout the  whole movie (this is not a film), the message is pure rockin' 'n' rollin'  romance, and of course the soundtrack keeps up with the pace. Interestingly  enough, both theme of story and main theme pays direct hommage to Terence  Malick's Badlands from the seventies. Who woudn't be like Clarence?  Fighting the evil forces with heroic bravado and fleeing with the beautiful  princess and a bag full of cash? And being guided by the ghost of Elvis, no  more, no less? Dreams coming true. A real gem.
6305234760|4.0|I have just seen \\"Turandot\\", in it's biggest production. Set in Beijing, it is certainly the best achievement yet produced in DVD's Operas. Thousands of people involved, for sure one will be entertained by all the  magic of the settings, the costumes, the performance, the music - it is  hard not to be amused by Puccini music, as long as one appreciates Opera.  The sole remark is on the music itself, not sung with all that brilliance.  But you can always listen to the CD, also included in the DVD, which has a  much better sound quality. Whoever has ever heard or seen \\"Turandot\\", and  likes it (which is another story) must see this DVD. Better thinking, I  would recommend it even to those simply interested in big opera  productions, or DVD \\"state of the art\\" technology.
B00001U0DP|5.0|Genius storyteller Roberto Benigni has created one of the most beautiful movies ever to grace the theater. This movie starts out very funny and then turns sad. You get so interested in the movie that you forget about the  sub-titles. Benigni gives one of the greatest proformances of the century  as the Italian Guido. Benigni's wife is also wonderful in this as the  devoted wife to Guido. Everyone should go see this wonderful dramedy.
6305358613|3.0|Unfortunately, this could have been a great film, and still is a very good film thanks to Goeffry Rush in a truly magnificent performance! However, many of the actors are very badly miscast. For example, Eric Cantona as the  French King's representative! Need I say more! Also it is sad to see very  fine, but admittedly lower class actors like Christopher Eccleston trying  to play the part of noblemen. It just doesn't work! Stick to shows like  Cracker Christopher! Blanchett is okay but as I said, this is Rush's film.  He should have got an Oscar!
B00000JGOH|5.0|Gwyneth Paltrow gives the female proformance of the century in this movie. Dame Judi Dench, Joseph Fiennes, Geoffrey Rush, and Ben Affleck also all turned in oscar caliber proformances. Although there have been many remakes  of Shakespeare's play, never has such an interesting movie been made about  how Shakespeare thought of one of this most known plays. Go rent it.
B00000K19E|5.0|Keanu started the cyberpunk movie scene when he starred in Johnny Mnemonic (regardless of how bad that movie was)...but with The Matrix, he has redeemed himself and the genre.  The movie totally blew me away (i had  misconceptions about Reeves ability) but his acting was good and the story  was excellent.<br />I have heard rumors of making The Matrix into a  Trilogy...supposedly the makers have already signed Keanu to the sequels.
0783216084|5.0|..The shark isn't actually seen until maybe half-way through the movie.  I saw this movie on the big screen when it was first released, and when the shark suddenly appeared on the screen,most of the people in the theatre  involuntarily leapt from their seats with shock!
6303182577|5.0|Having been in Vietnam in1969 i did not have a chance to actually go to woodstock.I waited almost 30 years before i saw this documentary.This is the kind of experience that one has to open the mind and heart and close  off all pre-concieved ideas,prejudices,religious and any and all other  ideas and thoughts and just (to quote the hippies)go with your  feelings.This was a once in a lifetime experience that will likely never be  back again.360,000 young people(and some not quite so young)brought  together for three days love,music,drugs and rock and roll.Even disallowing  all the illecit drug use(the reference to the &quot;bad acid&quot;(not  poisoned)just bad.One can watch this movie and maybe get just a small  glimmer of what was occuring those three days.I finished movie and for a  good week could not quit thinking about what i had seen and heard.Young  girls and boys swimming in a lake naked,people getting rained on and  instead of griping and complaining making a game of it! Feeding each  other,both physically and spiritually and emotionally and no one getting  hurt.My God! Where has this country gone wrong in the last 30 years?Maybe  only people from my generation can truly understand what happened then.I am  passing this movie around to friends and people at work ,some whom are my  age and others much younger and they seem to really get into it(oops  another  hippie slang-sorry)Watch this movie-if only for your own peace of  mind!(Yeah i borrowed part of that last sentence also)  P E A C E
B00000D9TK|5.0|Celine has the voice of an Angel. Although I don't understand French yet, she has certainly inspired me to learn this beautiful language.
B00000K0E5|4.0|Pierce Brosnan is by far the second best James Bond, Connery being the best.  I thought that the opening scene for Goldeneye was great!  The rest of the movie was filled with great action, some of Q's best work, and of  course the woman!
B000000HU1|4.0|Ever read 'The Buddha of Surburbia'?  (Excellent book by the way).  Well in the televised series in the first episode the cool teenager puts on the second side of this album to play to the nerdy (but also cool) virgin.  The  choice of music for that scene was perfect as this recording embodies that  era.  It marks the turning of a more sophisticated Gong - the musicians are  more experienced and the whole album is more together and sounds more  professional.  There are a few wacky numbers but it really shines for its  'other-worldniness' feel.  And that second side (the last two tracks for  those in the CD revolution) well, 'the buddha' says it all...
B00000K19E|4.0|I expected to see a plain action movie.  Some sort of Speed 3. I went to the movie and it was more than what I expected.  It has an interesting story based on the concept about &quot;what is real&quot; and it has  martial arts.<br />If you are not familiar with computers or you do not like  cyberpunk, you may consider it &quot;so so&quot;.<br />I am going to tell you.   I was a Star Wars fan years ago.  The Phantom Menace dissapointed me  because of plain characters (no real motivation), no sense of wonder or  adventure, and a silly story resollution.<br />Instead, I realized that matrix  was a movie to think.  No glamorous spaceships or E.T. charm but a solid  story.<br />I just liked enough to see it twice and purchase here.
B000003TAR|5.0|This is by far the best album I've ever bought.  I got it because I love Heart-Shaped Box, and I was pleasently surprised by all the other songs.  Nirvana is the best band there ever was, and ever will be.
6303313345|5.0|This movie totally rocked! I love the tango at the beginning that Arnold Schwarzenegger and Tia Carrere danced to.  Anyone who wants to learn the Tango should buy this video.  It has great moves.  Beside the awesome dance  screens, the movie covers it all.  Humor, action, and romance.  NO one have  mentioned about Tia Carrere in this movie.  But she is in it.  And she was  great, even though she was one of the bad guys. I wish she had kicked Jamie  Lee Curtis' booty.  Overall, everyone should own or at least see this movie  once.  Totally worth the money.
0800139151|3.0|Well, if you combine some pretty good actors with an overblown story and details that you really wouldn't want kids to see, you come out about here. Considering what they had to work with, the people that made this thing  could have made a much better movie. DiCaprio's character is obnoxious  enough that you wind up thinking he gets what he deserves.
6302453356|2.0|Oh boy, is this one of my all-time heartbreakers.  I'm a &quot;Peter Pan&quot; freak from Day 1, and have seen many, many versions of it on film, video, and stage; this is the weakest.  Maybe it was the casting (an  alternate version had Kevin Kline inked as Peter, Michelle Pfeiffer as  Tink, and Robert De Niro as Hook).  Maybe it's the recycled score.  Maybe  it's the liberties taken with the book.  Maybe it's those damn Lost Boys in  all their ear-splitting juvenile glory.  But just not enough remains of the  original &quot;Peter Pan&quot;'s haunting, wistful magic that Speilberg did  in fact nail just perfectly--in &quot;E.T.&quot;  This overly-lit,  overly-designed, wheezing, raucous, anachronistically unfunny retelling  just can't quite get anything right, save some decent camerawork and Dustin  Hoffman's droll (but not scary) Hook.  (Best line, when Peter and Hook  duel: &quot;I remember you being a lot bigger.&quot; &quot;To a  ten-year-old, I'm huge.&quot;) The world still awaits the definitive  &quot;Peter Pan&quot;; Disney's will do till then.
055321277X|5.0|One of the classics that actually lives up to its reputation.  Although it is actually more like a short story than a novel (app. 100 pages), it's a fascinating read.
6304143184|5.0|Looking over some of the previous negative comments, I noticed two recurring threads: &quot;boring&quot; and &quot;for kids.&quot;  How sad it is that 17 years later, some people's attention spans have been so  decimated that they have to have mindless action happening every single  moment, or they write off the movie.<br />&quot;E.T.&quot; is like &quot;The  Sixth Sense&quot; &quot;The 400 Blows&quot; &quot;Forbidden Games&quot;  &quot;The Spirit of the Beehive&quot; and other strange, wonderous films  about the world of childhood.  It is so perfectly shot, edited, scored, and  acted, it seems to unfold in it's own parallel universe--it's completely  spellbinding.  To scoff at is as cheesy or &quot;only for kids&quot; is  exactly the point: the movie is designed to sneak into the funny, scary,  secret dreams you had as a kid, and ressurect them.  (If you want to know  how good &quot;E.T.&quot; is, compare it to how badly Spielberg stumbled  attempting the same themes and mood in &quot;Hook.&quot;)  As it stands,  &quot;E.T.&quot; ranks easily as one of the three best films of the 1980's;  it will outlast most of the films of the 90's as well, and so on for as  long as film exists.
B000001EJ8|5.0|This album doesn't deserve a 5.  It deserves a 10! It is by far the most beautiful collection of music that I've ever listened to!  Most muscisians have a habit of being redundant on their music.  The sounds and the style  of their music will have a similar quality.  Not this album!  The opening  song, &quot;To the Unknown Man&quot; has a beat similar to a march!  The  second song, &quot;Italian Song&quot; sounds much like music in the  alternative category.  The third piece, &quot;Pulstar&quot; is something  you would expect to hear in the movie, &quot;Star Wars&quot;.  The fourth,  &quot;La Petite Fille De La Mer&quot; favors classical. Pieces five, six  and seven vary between alternative and songs similar to soundtracks.   Number 8, &quot;State of Independence&quot; has a jazzy style to it. Nine,  I would put in the category of New Age.  And, of course, &quot;Chariots of  Fire&quot;, we are all familiar with!  It's all here! Soundtracks,  alternative, new age, classical, jazz, marches, hymns! Absolutely nothing  monotonous about this album!  This is one I will never tire of.  A  brilliant piece of work!
B000002UAR|5.0|Quite possibly the finest moment of a band that had lots of highs (hoo boy!) A delicate, almost perfect balance of immaculately-crafted songwriting, inspired melodic hooks and ground-breaking experimentation.  Did they ever top it? You decide.
B00000K19E|5.0|Pop this movie into your VCR or DVD and be prepared for a full-tilt adrenaline rush!<br />The special effects are absolutely mind-blowing, especialy the Martial Arts Sequences and the entire rescue mission.<br />The  cast is top flight, Keanu Reeve's chararacter's transformation from naive  hacker to saviro of the world is played to a T and Laurence Fishburne plays  Morpheous with a mix of slickness and substance that only he can do.<br />Oh  yeah--there's a plot to this too.  Borrowing from everything fron Japanese  Anime to Christianity, the movie creates a world that is while seemingly  improbable, could actually happen.<br />I admit the movie is violent--but  think of it as a living &quot;Comic Book&quot;
B000002UAX|5.0|Er, no. I didn't say the Bee Gees were influential. Please print out the review and get an adult to explain it to you very, very slowly. And your claim that the Beach Boys were in a superior class to the Beatles is  laughable: did they even begin to match the sheer diversity of musical  styles found on this album alone? No respectable music critic would ever  subscribe to the theory that the Beach Boys had a more profound impact on  music than the Beatles. (PS - Sorry about all the long words.) John Lennon,  wherever you are - I'm glad you didn't live to become part of a band that  is a bloated, money-grubbing parody of its former self. 'Sad, Sad, Sad.'
6301773551|5.0|i am going through a sad inability to imagine a way to come close to describing the wonder of this movie. i have seen it over 500 times no doubt. the best movie, ever made, nothing can top it. NOTHING
0800141660|5.0|This is one of my favourite films.  A wonderfully funny adaptation of the book - a deserved Oscar for Emma Thompson!  Beautifully filmed and acted. The dvd is packed with great features - a must buy!
6305342776|5.0|GREAT ACTORS AND BACKDROPS / GOOD FOR ALL AGES / NO NEED FOR PROFANITY OR VULGARITY TO MAKE A MOVIE / JUST GREAT ACTING
B00000K19E|1.0|This movie is good.  It just has one problem which makes this movie stink.  Most of its ideas were stolen off of Jack L. Chalker's books titled the Wonderland Gambit.  This is a lawsuit waiting to happen type movie.  I  liked it but they shouldn't steal others ideas without permission or  compensation.
6304117752|5.0|Those who admire this timeless classic deserve to experience it on DVD
B00000JGOH|5.0|I really enjoyed the characters and story.  It was well done. I enjoy these types of stories, the costuming was very beautiful and the sets are just as wonderful.  I recommend this story for all.  A truely wonderful  show!!!
B00001QEE7|5.0|The Little Mermaid was nothing more than a great animated classic that sparked the future of Disney animation for the 90's.  This movie is filled with humor, romance, drama, horror and a few little tunes that we just  can't get enough of.  Now, finally on DVD, this animated masterpiece will  be even more magical than ever!  If you don't have a DVD player yet, now's  the time to purchase one!
6304233639|2.0|Typical dumb action movie, a lot of explosions, and nothing else.  Contrast this with a movie like The Road Warrior, which was a pretty low budget film, but with great acting and directing and a lot of intense  action scenes.  Don't waste your time or money on this one.
0767903811|3.0|Good, light-hearted read.  It's difficult for me to laugh out loud from something I read, but I did with this one.  Funnier in the beginning than in the end, partly because you start to get used to his writing style and  his sometimes outrageous asides lose their element of surprise.  Still,  it's well worth the money if you're in the mood for funny anecdotes and the  occasional comic insight.  I recommend it strongly for those who have never  read him.  Those who are familiar with Bryson (as I was not, but as many of  the other customer commentators apparently were) might as well skip it;  it's nothing exceptional.
0425170349|2.0|I have read most of Clancy's books, and, as time goes on, they offer more and more of Clancy's political and philosophical views and less and less story and excitement.  Rainbow Six is also a thinly disguised attack on the  environmental movement, dismissing such organizations as the Sierra Club as  fanatical, with a strong implication that environmentalists are  exceptionally naive at best and extremely stupid at worst.  They are all  emotional &quot;tree and bunny huggers,&quot; rather than thoughtful and  intelligent people.  Clancy continues to be enamored with organizations  like the CIA and the FBI, who alone have the welfare of the country in  mind.  I think this is the last Clancy book I will read.
B000002UJQ|5.0|I bought &quot;OK Computer&quot; upon its original release, basing my purchase almost entirely on the substantial hype and good press that it was receiving.  I was distinctly unimpressed, and I ended up selling it.  Fast  forward a couple of years, and for some odd reason, I recently had the urge  to reconsider the disc (I think hearing &quot;Let Down&quot; in a record  store was the impetus).  I re-purchased the album - something I hate doing  - and was summarily blown away.  Simply put, I don't know what I was  thinking the first time around.  This is one of the loveliest, most  visionary albums to emerge in the last twenty years.  There isn't a weak  track (let's forego calling &quot;Fitter Happier&quot; a track, shall we?),  and there are several standouts - the aforementioned &quot;Let Down,&quot;  &quot;Subterranean Homesick...&quot; (a personal fave), &quot;Airbag,&quot;  &quot;Electioneering,&quot; and so it goes.  I'm man enough to admit when  I've been wrong, and was I ever, in this instance.  Suffice it to say, if  there was ever an excuse for a three guitar band, this is it.
B00000K19E|5.0|I was waiting for something that would compel me to buy a DVD player and &quot;The Matrix&quot; is it.
B0000024IE|5.0|Maybe the best rap album ever... No, it is the best ever
B00001NFCY|5.0|This is the best CREED Album they have ever came out with...The tracks are cool and they rock!<br />So Get It!
B00000F1D3|5.0|WONDERFUL ALBUM, WONDERFUL WOMAN. HOPE SHE'S STILL SINGING AT 100
B00000JZI9|5.0|This is one of the best westerns ever made, Lots of great stars like Kevin Costner, Kevin Kline, Jeff Goldblum, Brian Denehe, Danny Glover, Scott Glen and more.  Authenic western.  Good revenge movie with great gun slinging.   A Must
B00000K19E|5.0|My favorite movie of all time...Nuff said
0767809246|5.0|Stand by me is my favorite movie of all time.It's a really special movie anyboby who had friends as a child could relate to this movie because that's what the movie is about freindship.River Pheonix was my favorite  actor when I was young it was sad to see him pass away but it's good to  watch this movie to see him when he was young.Buy this movie you'll  laugh,and cry.
0671578278|4.0|Don't get me wrong -- I love Miles.  I love Ekaterin.  I love parts of this book. (Especially the letter of abject apology and the scene in the Council of Counts.)  But I missed the action and danger of the previous  novels.  At the very least, I expected those horrible bugs to infest  Vorbarr Sultana... and it didn't happen.  I agree with one of the other  reviewers who didn't believe that a man with Miles' experience in covert  ops would have told every person on the planet about his &quot;secret  plan&quot; to woo Ekaterin.  I look forward hopefully to the next novel, in  the expectation that Miles' continued romance with Ekaterin will be  interspersed with a return to Vorkosigan's fascinating duties as Imperial  Auditor.
B00000DGUG|3.0|The &quot;angry grrrl&quot; image never really quite fit with Alanis.  Sure, &quot;You Oughta Know&quot; is a vengeful ditty, but that's about it.  The rest of the songs were autobiographical takes on relationships and  life.<BR><BR> It's not just enough to say, though, that &quot;Supposed  Former Infatuation Junkie&quot; is merely a more mature version of  &quot;Jagged Little People.&quot;  Glen Ballad really, really expands the  stylings on this albums indulging his producer gig in prog-rockish  arrangements.  Moreover, Alanis goes for a sustained  stream-of-consciousness, using the songs as vignettes of her spiritual  growth in the years since Jagged Little People.  This is clearly an  emotionally diverse, introspective album.<BR><BR> But, I think her choice  to essentially place journal entries into song makes the songs hard to take  in.  Dense but lacking real wit or power, her writings seem more like  &quot;straight-from-the-tape&quot; couch rants than really insightful  verse.  With the amazing verbiage, there's barely enough here for a proper  verse-chorus-verse song.  It seems at times that the songs seem stretched  out just for her not-very-good lyrics.  It goes beyond confessional to  being merely self-indulgenet and a rather bombastic, lazy attempt at  &quot;meaningful&quot; lyrics.<BR><BR> So, ironically considering her  obvious growth as an artist, the best songs here are the ones most like  those on Jagged Little People.  Simpler, less produced, and to the  point.<BR><BR> The best way to listen to this album, like listening to a  person go on and on about their lives, is sorta tune out and catch the gist  of their saying.  In that sense, Alanis has made good mood music.  But,  perhaps, not something you would have the patience to listen through with  your best attention.
6305265488|5.0|If I could give more than five stars, I would!  It was a wonderful movie!  Not nearly as &quot;mushy&quot; as my husband thought it would be.  Instead of the man coming to the rescue of the woman, Cinderella takes care of  herself!  Also, did anyone realize that Melanie Lynskey, who played the  part of Jacqueline De Ghent, first appeared in a movie called  &quot;Heavenly Creatures&quot;?  She co-stared with Kate Winslet and they  were first introduced to the public in that movie!!
0671578278|5.0|Lois McMaster Bujold has been the best writer of characters in science fiction for years, but with this book she moves completely away from action and into the never-before written area of drawing room-SF-comedy.   Delightfully plotted, wonderful characters, great plot twists.  It's as  good as her best books (probably *Barrayar* and *Memory* -- but my opinions  change depending on what I read most recently).  It seems odd to say so,  but this is the closest to a Jane Austen book ever attempted in science  fiction, I'm sure.<br />Over the years, I've read each of Lois's books at  least twice.  Her weakest books are still pretty entertaining, and her best  books shine in the memory for weeks afterwards.  At times the world of  Miles Vorkosigan seems as real as my own.<br />You can't start with this book;  but please go back to her earlier books.  And don't plan anything else for  a few weeks.
0671015206|4.0|After looking over most of the other reviews, they can be divided into two categories.  Those that loved the book and it changed their life, and those that thought it was a textbook on how to be cheap.  I saw very little new  information in this book.  I enjoyed reading it because I enjoy learning  that I am already doing things right.  I felt the book was way too  repetitive though.  How many ways can you tell the reader that the way to  wealth is through frugal living?  Also, way to many tables were included.  Finally, the last chapter seemed to be an afterthought.  Perhaps the  authors should have spent more time on that part of the book, exploring  ways for us to change our habits.
B00000ILDE|5.0|You've probably seen Aliens already, but not like this.  The &quot;lost&quot; footage (probably so the movie would fit on a VHS tape) finally explains why the Aliens don't simply break the barricades, why Newt  knows the layout of colony air ducts and why Ripley cares so much about  Newt in the first place.  It's still just as much a thrill ride as ever,  only now it makes more sense too.<br />The video is clear and crisp as if it  was shot yesterday, and Cameron knows how to do action scenes that stand  the test of time.  This is a DVD worthy of any action fan's library.
B00000K19E|5.0|absolutely the best movie i have seen in a long while.  It not only makes you think deeply, but entertains as well.
B0000028RR|5.0|I took the advice of many online reviews, and bought this album. I wasnt disappointed. I like this album better than eveil empire, which is also good. I was a big fan of rap, until I heard Rage several years ago. From  that day on, I was hooked, sort of speak.  Tom Morrello is just  unbelievable with the guitar. You want want great music, with a Great  message, go by this album.
B00001U0DP|4.0|it's kind of a masterpiece you can see once every 10 years. As Charlie Chaplin, Benigni, precisely in this movie, moves us through deep emotions. Taking place in the worst place and time of our century, the Shoah, Benigni  tells us a tale in which laughs and tears are entangled. It's a wonderful  story of love. Love from a man for a woman, love from a father for his boy,  and overall love for freedom.
0312199066|5.0|I cannot praise this book highly enough! It is both a tremendously exciting real-life adventure story and an often poignant account of the effects of long months and years of astronaut life on a marriage. <br />Eugene  Cernan is best known as the commander of Apollo 17, and the last man to  leave footprints on the surface of the Moon, but he flew on two earlier  missions, Gemini 9 and Apollo 10, and was in the back-up crews of Gemini 12  and Apollo 14. His highly readable account took me back to my school-days  when Apollo astronauts were walking on the Moon, but I have very few  memories of Gemini and was fascinated by his description of life in a tiny  two-man capsule with hardly enough room to stretch the legs. If you don't  suffer from claustrophobia, Cernan's &quot;spacewalk from Hell&quot; will  probably give it to you!<br />I thought I already knew most of what there is  to know about the U.S. space programme in the 1960's and 70's, but this  book told me things that had never occurred to me. I knew, for instance,  that Cernan had been on the back-up crew for Gemini 9 and the prime crew  for Gemini 12, but had actually flown Gemini 9 because the original crew  had died in an air-crash. This gave Buzz Aldrin the opportunity to fly on  Gemini 12, without which he would not have gone to the Moon on Apollo  11.<br />Even more intriguing was the determination shown by Cernan to command  his own lunar mission, having been lunar module pilot on Apollo 10. He  actually turned down the chance to walk on the Moon as Apollo 16 LM pilot,  preferring to gamble on getting command of the next mission. It is all too  clear from his account of events in 1971 that it was a gamble which nearly  didn't pay off. With only one more Apollo crew to be allocated, NASA's  chief concern was to send geologist Harrison Schmitt to the Moon. The  choice of commander was less critical.<br />Of course he did get selected, but  almost blew it when he injured a leg a few months before the  mission.<br />Reading the book, I was slightly surprised how little space was  given to Apollo 17, but I need not have worried. Cernan avoids making it a  blow-by blow account of scientific experiments and rock gathering. This is  a tremendously evocative description of a pilot who achieved his ultimate  goal in flying and found himself exploring a new world. His sense of pride  on saluting the U.S. flag and sense of accomplishment as he returned to  Earth make this an exhilarating read.<br />I recommend &quot;The Last Man on  the Moon&quot; to anyone with a sense of wonder who wants to know more  about the great adventure of Apollo.
6304696566|5.0|Just received from Amazon the eagerly awaited DVD The Searchers my ALL TIME favourite western movie. Fantastic the quality of the actors the sceenery of Monument Valley is breathtaking.This was my first DVD region 1  code.Many will follow.
B000002MIY|4.0|Kamikiriad is a nearly-flawless pop album.  Fagen's unique voice wraps itself around his great lyrics and, combined with wonderful production, Fagen takes you back to the good old Steely Dan days while moving the sound  forward.  The highlights are &quot;Snowbound,&quot; &quot;Tomorrow's  Girls,&quot; and &quot;Florida Room.&quot;  Fagen is one of the few pop  genuises around.  The prior reviews have me stoked for a new Steely Dan LP.
6305470448|5.0|Succeeds on every level.  A brilliantly told story with arguably one of the most complex and original screenplays ever written.  The cast is excellent, from the ravishing Gwyneth Paltrow to the intimidating Judi  Dench, who crafts a mini-masterpiece out of her 8-minute performance.<br />The  debate between &quot;Saving Private Ryan&quot; and &quot;Shakespeare in  Love&quot; will go on forever, but here's my two cents:  &quot;Shakespeare  in Love&quot; may not be quite as gripping as &quot;Ryan&quot;--for God's  sake, you're comparing a romantic comedy with a brutal war film--but it is  an excellent film nonetheless.  It really depends on whether  &quot;Best&quot; means &quot;Most Dramatic&quot; or &quot;Most  Riveting&quot; or &quot;Most Ingenious&quot; or &quot;Most  Clever.&quot;<br />As a final note...a reviewer below stated that Cate  Blanchett (who was wonderful in &quot;Elizabeth&quot;)deserved the Oscar,  and that Gwyneth Paltrow only won the Oscar because &quot;she has Hollywood  parents.&quot;  That is, probably, one of the stupidest things ever placed  on this website, but you hardly needed me to tell you that.
0800196341|5.0|I teach 12th grade English, and I must say that this movie is a wonderful follow-up after reading the play in class.  I think that some members of the cast are not &quot;up&quot; for the roles, but this also makes for  deeper discussion in the class.  While long, I feel that this is definitely  worth the class time in that my students get to hear how Shakespeare is  meant to sound, and special connections make everything fit together.  The  popular cast members, quality production, and splendor of the sets  captivate my students and actually entice them to read other Shakespearean  pieces.  For the teacher this is &quot;good stuff&quot;, and for any  person, this is quality viewing.
B00000K19E|1.0|Come on, how can anyone say this is a good, deep, reflexive movie? Have you ever seen Dark city, Total recall, The thirteenth floor (highly underated movie), and many others? It has SOME good FXs (and all were show  on the trailer), but the action is in a boring video game style.  If it WAS  an original idea, maybe i'd say this is a good movie. But since it's just a  remix of many great stories, i'd say THE MATRIX is just a mirage of a good  movie.
0399143793|4.0|On a dreary night stuck at O'Hare, I was desperate for something to read.  Picked up Die Trying and the long wait went by in a flash.  As one who enjoys the genre, I found this book to be a fun read - don't get caught up  in the details, and smile to youself at times when the details don't click.   Just hang with the story and enjoy the ride.<br />As one who always reads the  end of the book first, I wish I had read a few pages earlier.  Did not  think the end matched the book, and it left me disappointed and annoyed.  I  contained my pouting long enough to go get his earlier book, which was OK,  and now am eager to read the third.<br />I think I would agree with others who  feel the criticism of this book is too strong.  It's not meant to be great  literature, just great escapism.  In that it excels!
B000001DU5|5.0|What can I can say about Tears for Fears. They have been my favourite band for many many years and I can simply say that they were the best band during the eighties alongside Depeche Mode. I will never forget the first  time I heard the songs: &quot;Memories Fade&quot;, &quot;Pale Shelter&quot;  and &quot;Head over Heals&quot;. Original romantism with some great playing  of the guitar and tremendous lyrics. Anyway, I think most of the people who  listen to Tears for Fears agree that one of the main reasons for listening  to them is the great lyrics.<br />Of course all of their songs that have  become &quot;hits&quot; like: &quot;Shout&quot;, &quot;Change&quot;,  &quot;Advice for the young at heart&quot; and &quot;Everybody wants to rule  the world&quot; are great songs, but i would suggest to people who are  ready to listen to the band for the very first time, to listen to the songs  that I mentioned earlier and many more &quot;not so heard&quot; ones. I  guarantee they will not lose.<br />Finally, i would like to say to all those  people who are Yound at Heart and still listen to Tears for Fears, to keep  the faith and never forget the golden decade of the 80's. Ok, we all know  that it will never come back but in our hearts it is always there, still  inspiring us in our today's lives.<br />Take care and never stop listening to  great bands.<br />Hannibalos
6303327982|1.0|In the wake of the Littleton and Ft. Worth shootings, I decided to finally see this movie (Yes I like Woody Harrelson a lot) and decide for myself if those who were blaming this and other violent &quot;works of art&quot; for  the current culture of murder and mayhem were  completely off base or  somewhere in the ballpark.  Sure it is satire, but does Stone seriously  believe that every 13 to 18 year old in the country who will see this movie  appreciates this fact.  The hero of this piece is clearly Harrelson's  character Mickey.  A serial killer who blames his genes, his childhood, and  everything and everyone but himself for the murders he does.  All the  police in the movie are either sadistic, corrupt, or stupid, giving Mickey  even further excuses.  Oliver Stone, who is now apparently morally as well  as artistically bankrupt, would fit right in at the prison for the  criminally insane which his movie depicts.  If you believe, as I do, that a  person becomes what he or she thinks about every day, keep this and all  other Stone movies out of reach of children, especially your own children.
B00000099Y|5.0|I was surpised to hear that person who reviewed this album say that it was not their best.  I think that technically, it is their culmination.  It is certainly not below Opiate and Undertow.
B000005JA8|4.0|The music is at the least very intriguing. There are some moments where he interplays what may seem totally uncomplimentary musical parts, but then you realize this is a really stunning way of looking at music, and notice  those jazzy hooks warped like u've never heard.  However, there are a  number of parts on the album which are just blatantly unintelligible, like  when he's just rambling poetic nonsense, there's no or little musical value  there, structure, or structure by virtue of non-structure. I think some  people get frightened off from criticizing him because he is so stunningly  different,could be considered genius, and think those parts of his songs or  songs which are just patently bad as good, just junking them together with  the music of his which is good,  but there are some points of  discrimination to be had, and some parts of this album don't live up to  stringent musical scrutiny, although they may pass off if taken in context  of his whole approach, sensibility, and the album in its entirety.
0805211063|4.0|I read somewhere that Kafka used to read the newly-written chapters of THE CASTLE to his friends who would laugh uproariously along with the author.  I found this the scariest thing about the book, indeed one of the strongest  clues that late 20th century America is immeasurably distant from early  20th century Austria-Hungary.  This book will give you nightmares.  It is  nothing so childish as a Hollywood horror movie, but a somehow crumpled,  twisted, horrifying view of human nature, especially as manifest in  bureaucracies.  K needs to speak to someone to get something done.  He  approaches the castle where the lord lives.  The whole story involves his  endless efforts to speak to someone, anyone, who can help him contact the  servant who has the ear of the clerk who can speak to the courtier who  might be able to talk to the cousin who occasionally is known to have the  ear of the lord.  And of course, K is continually frustrated.  Not to  mention you, the reader.  It is the stuff of the worst nightmares.  Thus,  though it is extremely unpleasant,without any hint of beauty, love, or  human feeling, THE CASTLE is a most powerful novel, one of the best I have  ever read.  I can't say I liked it, but it impressed me no end.  If you  have ever read anything else by Kafka and liked it, you will definitely  like this one.  It was never finished, but then such a novel can have no  finish.
6305470464|5.0|I first rent this movie because Gillian Anderson was playing in it, but I totally fell in love whith this charming movie! The actors are just amazing! If you havent see it, run to the nearest store and watch it! Very  great movie, funny and romantic.
0792836502|5.0|the absolute greatest western ever made. clint eastwood proves that john wayne has nothing on him. lee van cleef is the greatest bad guy ever. and ellie wallach gives an oscar winning performance as tuco. if you havent  seen this movie see it. if you have seen this movie see it again. it never  gets old.
B0000017CA|5.0|The lyrics of this CD show feelings and emotions of events that maybe one has seen and been through. It takes someone really psycotic or in a big depression to come up with these kind of lyrics. The main reason that I  gave it the rating that I did is because it's simply just one's true  emotions at the time. I think you should always say what you mean and  express your true feelings.
0792838297|5.0|In terms of acting, script, and social relevance, this film stands above them all. Sad, depressing, brutally honest, and screamingly funny, this film attacks every group in the corrupt comedy that is American life.  Wonderful!
0805047905|5.0|My daughter went to sleep clutching this book the first night we had it.  She thinks it is more special than her stuffed animals!  A wonderful book for young kids since it is very rhythmic.
B000000OPQ|5.0|Luntic Fringe is the best song ever
B000002UJQ|5.0|Radiohead may be the greatest band that ever existed.  All of these other bands will make a mediocre single and put it on MTV.  All of the MTV crazed fanatics will go out and get these CD's only to find that no effort was put  into any of the other songs.  Radiohead is the savior to all music left  with a few acceptions.  OK Computer is a very good CD that also gives  chills down my spine.  It seems like every song had been worked on equally  long.  It blends all of the right essentials to good music and does not  abuse using a heavy metal style through the whole song.  That is what is  great.  All types of styles are included in making these masterpieces.  I  reccomend this CD along with The Bends and Pablo Honey.
6303454488|5.0|Bob Dylan shows that he can still performe on the stage.Dylan has never been blessed with a nice and good voice but he whrote history with his  music.It's the music and words that made Bob Dylan great.On this video  Dylan sings like he never did in the 80's.He is coming back and so is his  {new}band.In the mid 80's his concerts was not what you expected.But now on  this video you will see Dylan reborn.Lots of songs who was sung by others  can not reach that spirit like Dylan does on this video.Bob Dylan is always  on tour and the concerts is still growing with it.His last album &quot;time  out of mind&quot; will show you that he is still the greatest artist ever.
B000002NJS|5.0|First off, you have to question the review of anyone who would compare this album with U2's pop (funny, I don't recall the focus of that album centering on children and spirituality).  Madonna doesn't rehash the  &quot;I will survive&quot; mode of Cher's current occasionally catchy but  more often boring album, Believe, either.  Instead, she goes full force  into the realm of electronica, which she only teased us with in Bedtime  Story (a hint of things to come), combining it effortlessly with tradition  rock and pop albums to create a solid listening experience.  And somehow,  the spirituality of this album is a lot easier to swallow than the less  bitter pill that is Alanis' second album or even Jewel's occasionally  cheesy yet charming Spirit.  As fickle as Madonna may seem, she  demonstrates a sort of campy earnestness that I personally have always  found quite endearing.  Besides, unlike Catholicism, her current spiritual  pursuits still allow Madonna to be Madonna.  A self-centered album,  perhaps, but that's the Madonna we've come to know and love and I for one  wouldn't expect anything less.
B000002U9L|5.0|Lets be acurate with our reviews please, we must give credit where credit is due. The &quot;Labyrinth Suite&quot;, as I like to call it, is a score by Trevor Jones (he did Arachnophobia, and the recent TV movie Merlin).  It's not just a David Bowie soundtrack, but a Trevor Jones soundtrack as  well.<br />Also the movie was writen (at least this is what I've heard) by  Terry Jones of Monty Python as well as being directed by Jim Henson.<br />Five  Stars have no doubt though...
B00000ILDE|5.0|The best Alien movie of the saga. The best thing I enjoyed about this movie is it had a great cast. Besides Sigourney Weaver they had Michael Biehn, Paul Reiser, Lance Henriksen,and one of my favorite actors Bill  Paxton. It had alot of action. Unlike  Alien and Alien3 it didn't have alot  of talking scenes. The death scenes are so dramatic . Good movie see it.
020530902X|5.0|This book has everything in there that you always wonder about while writing papers. All those little hang-ups and what-if-that-is-wrongs are explained within. Not to mention many other rules and guidelines you may  not have ever known existed. This is a definite for anyone taking English,  or anyone who struggles with writing, grammer, etc. Easy to read, easy to  follow and presented in a very unthreatening size.
6305537798|5.0|Bogey Lowenstein(aka Kyle Cease)was funny and spectacular. Everybody would know this if they had went to Bothell High class of 96 with him like I had. It's a must see movie. Kyle has also appeared in some burger king  commercials and has also played at some of Seattles best comedy clubs. Look  out for this Guy.
B000001EJ8|5.0|Even though it's a compilation album, this Vangelis CD is rich in indellibly dulcet and dynamic synthesizer melodies that will placate the souls of New-Age fans and many others.  The four tracks featuring Yes' Jon  Anderson are absolutely astounding with his ethereal vocal style. The title  track,  &quot;So Long Ago, So Clear&quot;, will melt away any hardened  heart with Vangelis &amp; Jon at the helm of its light, almost lullaby-like  sound and lyrics!  Also includes the Oscar-winning theme to &quot;Chariots  of Fire&quot;.
B000000993|5.0|Greetings to all the TOOL fans out there,including the band. I myself have been an addict of this almighty band for nearly 4 years now and damn proud to admit it. TOOL is unmatched in every aspect of what they do. The most  complex music I've ever heard. M.J.K is an incredible vocalist/songwriter  like no other. The band has crafted some of the most wickedly dark, morose,  yet perceptive collection of tunes I've ever heard. Truthfully I don't like  any TOOL album more than the other. They're all masterpieces that should  not be underrated in any way. I'll never stop listening to this amazing  band. Very eager to hear the new album. Keep up the beautiful work. Much  respect to the band, crew and staff. A big*** yeah to TOOL!!! ROCK ON  4-EVER !!!
0792157869|4.0|Following both the sheer savagery of Temple of Doom as well as criticisms of its violence, Steven Spielberg tones things down in the third installment of the Indiana Jones series.  Not only that, he delves into the  characters of the series via the character of Indy's bookish dad, Henry  Jones Sr (Sean Connery).    The film begins with a flashback to Indy's youth  (he is played here by River Phoenix) as a Boy Scout in 1912 Utah.  Here he  encounters mercenary archeologists who have unearthed a bejeweled  headpiece.  The leader of the gang wears a leather flight jacket and dark  brown, almost cowboy-esque fedora.  Indy swipes the headpiece and is chased  onto a speeding circus train, where he falls into a box of snakes and must  use a bullwhip to force back a lion.  He finally arrives home to his dad,  but the local sheriff reclaims the piece as the rightful property of a  mysterious white-clad millionaire type.       The film then cuts two-plus decades later, as Indy recovers the item from the white-clad villian on a ship in a mid-ocean storm, and after escaping the ship he finds his way back to his univrsity, only to be recruited to find The Holy Grail - because his father has disappeared in his own search for the Grail.    Though the film lacks the  spectacular SFX and action of Temple, it nonetheless succeeds in satisfying  the viewer.
B0000073OZ|2.0|This is an ok album with some good thrash but if you want something heavier with more tribal drums buy ROOTS.
6300268993|4.0|Superman II was first released in December 1980 in Europe, hence the film's 1980 copyright date even though it did not arrive in US theaters until late spring 1981. The wait between Superman The Movie and Superman II was well worth it, for the second installment of Alexander and Ilya Salkind's epic remains an engrossing film.<br />Richard Donner did the majority of actual directing of the second film, intended to be part of a four-plus hour &quot;miniseries.&quot;  The first film was then focused on with half the second already done.  After the success of the first film work resumed on the second, but the Salkinds brought in former Beatles movie director Richard Lester as a go-between with Donner, and eventually Donner was unceremoniously axed - which angered Christopher Reeve, Margot Kidder, and Gene Hackman.<br />The change hurts the film; not only is there a bit too much in the way of attempted humor, the action sequences miss a sizable portion of the verisimilitude that Donner had so embued in the first film.  Lester filmed several sequences in 1979 that replaced legitimate, and completed, Donner sequences so as to deny Doner director's credit.<br />Further hurting the film is the lack of John Williams. I have never understood why Williams did not score any of the sequels to Superman The Movie, for his music would have given them a much needed boost of sweep and majesty. <br />Despite these shortcomings, the film succeeds by most standards. The plot has two aspects. One is Superman's desire to live a life with a mortal - Lois Lane - after she discovers his identity.  Their courtship is tenderly presented as Superman explains his origins within the Fortress Of Solitude. In one excellent scene, Superman uses his heat vision to cook a soufle - one of some 30-plus minutes of mostly-Donner footage deleted from the film's theatrical version but restored for its 1984 ABC television broadcast. The extra footage adds enormously to the plot and characters and is thus sorely missed in most video versions.<br />Superman consults the spirit of his mother, Lara (Susannah York), who explains that, to live with a mortal, he must live as a mortal (though the reason for this is never touched on, it presumably involves the incompatability of his and Lois' molecular density, which would gravely affect the inevitable bearing of children).  Thus he must relinquish his powers within a molecule chamber that contains the energy of Krypton's red sun. The scene is flabbergastingly effective as the audience sees Superman purged of his molecular density and changed into a &quot;normal&quot; human being - and his and Lois' love is (off camera) consummated - it has long been rumored that a love scene was filmed but came out as too passionate to prevent an R-rating. <br />But Earth is now under attack, from three Kryptonian criminals - General Zod (Terence Stamp, recently of Star Wars: The Phantom Menace), Ursa (Sarah Douglas with terrific venom), and the mute Non (Jack O'Halloran). Freed from the Phantom Zone (the film's prologue quickly recaps their capture and imprisonment within) by a spatial nuclear explosion, the three seditionists use their powers to conquer Earth. When the now-powerless Superman belatedly learns of their attack, he must trudge through snow (the sheer emotional power of the scene of him thumbing for a ride and slogging through the Arctic really can't be quantified) to return to the Fortress. But he cannot regain his powers - can't he?<br />The flm's final third sees one compelling twist after another. Though the inevitable climactic battle should have had far tighter editing and more matte photography SFX, it nonetheless remains impressive, as does the cat and mouse between the principals.<br />Many said they liked this film better than the first, and it's easy to see why. I just hope that the longer, Donner-controlled director's cut of the first two Superman films become available on video
B000002I97|5.0|Wow! Phenomenal album...a story-telling like I've never heard.  Buy the CD now.  This album has the best elements of The Band, Mellencamp, and Willie (even a hint of Buffet's best is in there).  I realize that I was 3 when  this album was released, but here's a serious question: Why is it that I've  been listening to this type of music for over 15 years and I just found out  about this fellow...this album? Hint to Amazon and Prine's management: get  the word out better. This guy is a genious and none of my 30-ish friends  have heard of him.
B00000K19E|5.0|Imagine a plot as thought provoking, or even at times confusing, as Total Recall but with more action, better special effects and acting.  The music score and costumes combined with the slow motion action sequences will  surely send a chill down your spine. At the same time this movie will also  make you think about the surreal possibilities of the future.  A must see  if even only for the eye candy.
6305546797|5.0|I just received my DVD copy of &quot;Halloween - Restored - Limited Editon&quot; and just the cover gave me the creeps! This was the movie that my mother tried to stop me seeing as a child....and now I can see why. A  babysitter (Jamie Lee Curtis) is stalked on Halloween night by a crazed,  masked killer. Teenagers are massacred all over the place and the body  count rises as quickly as the tension. &quot;Halloween&quot; is not &quot;a  splatter movie&quot; (in fact there isn't much blood at all). It's just the  creepiness of the whole situation that is almost too much to  take....definitely edge of your seat stuff. Many sequels followed, but they  are nowhere near as good as the original. Let's face it, what sequel is?  The Limited Edition DVD is a two disc set. Disc One is the US Television  Version with extra scenes added in, the other is a digitally enhanced  version (THX) with crystal clear picture and sound. There is also a great  doco called &quot;Halloween Unmasked 2000&quot; which is very informative.  For instance, I didn't know that the Michael Myer's mask was actually  William Shatner's face. No wonder he gave me the creeps in &quot;Star  Trek&quot;! We don't celebrate Halloween &quot;Down Under&quot; (it's a  very American thing to do) and after watching &quot;Halloween&quot; again,  I'm glad we don't! Well done John Carpenter, you're a genius.
0802130208|5.0|In a few short pages, Toole had me hooked. The characters were well developed and immediately I was emotionally involved. The lunacy of the situations added to the story as much as the deep descriptions of sights,  sounds and locations. What I found most amazing was how timely this novel  is. While it was written many years ago, it is a story for our time, with  many adult children returning home to the nest. I wouldn't be surprised to  find many Irene's out there, just wishing their &quot;boy&quot; would  &quot;make good&quot;
0140187537|2.0|As one who loved The Grapes of Wrath and Of Mice and Men, I was excited to revisit Steinbeck after quite a few years.  Reading this book was simply painful.  I didn't like the characters, the prose seemed to drag, and it  just didn't ring true.  I never accepted the premise, that Ethan would  change from a good and decent man to a deceitful one who turned on his  friends and colleagues.  Most of all, I didn't care what happened!  There  was the occasional brilliant phrase but I was so bored that I could barely  appreciate it.  I must have read a different novel than all of your other  reviewers.
6302732875|5.0|I have worked in sales almost all my life and this is the most insightful I think I have ever seen into the world of sales. This movie is not about real estate this movie could be about any type of sales. The bad ***  bosses( Bladwin ) with the power trip, the glory boys ( Pacino ) and how  much they love themselves and there well preeneded egos and of course the  guys ( Lemmon ) that remember their former glory. This movie captures it  all the great lies, the great stories and the lovely painful sayings  &quot;Always Be Closing&quot; and so on. Incredible movie well cast and  well directed.
6305451591|1.0|I watched this on a hotel pay-per-view TV while stranded by Hurricane Floyd and after the first half-hour I was thinking, &quot;Grand Jury Prizewinner at Cannes?&quot;  How naked the Emperor is, and how often the  self-appointed &quot;critics&quot; are too afraid to join the little boy in  saying, &quot;The Emperor has no clothes!&quot;  This film is at best  boring and silly; at worst the most callus and offensive treatment of the  subject of the extermination camps.  &quot;Funnyman&quot; Benigni with his  &quot;rubberface&quot; and his &quot;humorous antics&quot; spends the first  half of the film reveling in his image of himself as a free-spirited soul  undaunted by convention, using every slapstick cliche the public was bored  to tears by generations ago (I kept waiting for him to rescue his  &quot;Princess&quot; fron the railroad tracks).  Unspeakably silly gags by  this man who is so enraptured with himself he assumes everyone else is  too...And now, let's settle in and watch how delightful he is in convincing  his young boy that life in the camps is a game!  Hide the child in the  barracks...I actually flinched, thinking of the women who stuffed infants  into the sleeves of their coats before entering the &quot;shower  rooms&quot; in an effort to save the babies.  Benigni must know about all  of this, so for him to have made a movie like this indicates either an  idiot (maybe he's not &quot;playing&quot; a character?  Maybe this idiot is  actually him?) or the most cynical use of the camps as a subject.  Have any  of you toured a camp?  Dauchau, anyone?  This film turned my stomach (in  addition to being boring and stupid--I kept reminding myself that the  French think Jerry Lewis is an incredibly wise actor--this is offensive  beyond anything I've ever watched on the subject).  There's a film called  &quot;Playing for Time&quot;, with Vanessa Redgrave, that I watched in  Geneva years ago (called &quot;L'Orchestre&quot;)--You want to see a parent  trying to keep a child alive in the camps?  Watch this, and you'll end up  saying, as the Redgrave character did when someone told her it was  imperative for her to live to witness to the world, &quot;J'ai trop  vue.&quot; Moi, j'ai trop vue to keep from saying this entire film belonged  on the cutting-room floor, or, better still, as an idea Benigni considered  and discarded as a slap in the face to what the camp victims, and the camp  survivors, endured.  Six million thumbs down on this outrageous piece of  trash.eep a child alive in the camps?  Watch this, and you'll end up  saying, as the Redgrave character did when someone told her it was  imperative for her to live to witness to the world, &quot;J'ai trop  vue.&quot; Moi, j'ai trop vue to keep from saying this entire film belonged  on the cutting-room floor, or, better still, as an idea Benigni considered  and discarded as a slap in the face to what the camp victims, and the camp  survivors, endured.  Six million thumbs down on this outrageous piece of  trash.
0800135954|5.0|I must admit I've never been much of a fan of Brad Pitt, but in this film he is super.  So are Aidan Quinn, Anthony Hopkins (as usual), and Henry Thomas.  To those who don't understand Tristan's (Pitt's) behavior, you  must realize he is the true noble savage, having been virtually raised by  the great One Stab, a native american family member.  The narration by One  Stab ties the vast expanse of this epic film together and makes all the  difference between the masterpiece that it is and the dopey melodrama that  some have called it.  This film combines elements of &quot;Jeremiah  Johnson&quot;, &quot;A River Runs Through It&quot;, and &quot;Dances With  Wolves&quot; with a moving tragic romance. The Big Sky scenery is majestic.  Pitt proves he is a big-league actor.  If you haven&quot;t seen it yet,  please do; you won't be disappointed.
B0000214F2|5.0|If you have a big heart and care about people more than anything in life this will be the best movie you have ever seen in your life.  It is the way life should be, and everyone should feel about each other.  Warm, caring,  awesome, generous, heart felt, true store makes you want to quit your job  and become a volunteer for life. Excellent, excellent, excellent movie  everyone should see it, it is great warmth and compassion.
0449000729|2.0|This novel provides for me a palatable way to get a history of England, and I am determined to see it through.  I have been reading it for months and have gained insight into why a previous reviewer found it such a slow  read:  The author violates almost every guideline for good writing,  including changing points of view and introducing jarring incongruities.   One can almost always tell what's to happen next because he telegraphs it  well ahead of time.  Punctuation is haphazard and inconsistent.  I can't  get into the story for tripping over bad writing, but the history he  provides is worth it.  Let's hope he rewrites, using a good editor and copy  editor.
6304675348|5.0|A horror movie about horror movies, how innovative?!?  Loved this one!  Plenty of comic relief, tons of graphic violence, gore, and unique methods of inflicting death.  You shall not be dissappointed.
B0000024LN|5.0|I think that this in the funniest album.  I just laugh and laugh at the little snide comments they manage to slip in with every line.  Redman is truly in top form and hasn't matched this album since...
6302814782|4.0|I remember watching this when I was little and not supposed to, that of course made it even better. &lt;smirk&gt;  The plot is classic.  The music is eerie and timely.  The acting - quirky.  Plenty of comic relief, and  good special effects.  Sink your teeth into this flick!
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie caught me by surprise when I first saw it. I was not expecting it to be as good as it is. It is the best flick of '99 by far. It is MUCH better than phantom menace (unless you are around 12 years old)
B000001GXL|5.0|Nobody plays Beethoven C major concerto like Arturo Benedetti Michelangeli!<br />He leaves his competitors lagging far behind. Mostly because ABM's approach is totally Beethovenian, it is the first and only time this concerto is played with all the bravura, heroism, dramatism, sincerely conveying Beethoven's passionate feelings.<br />Most pianist approach the first three piano concertos as if they were sort of Mozartian. Plenty of examples: Maurizio Pollini, Vladimir Ashkenazy, Martha Argerich, Vladimir Horowitz, Emil Gilels, even the great Sviatoslav Richter. They believe that all compositions classified as belonging to Beethoven's early compositions are to be seen as rather immature, and consequently bearing the stamp of 18th century classicism. The C major concerto is Op. 15. The Pathetique piano sonata is Op.13. Now has anybody ever heard the Pathetique has been labelled immature?<BR>Or Mozartian, or even Early? Nonsense. Beethoven was 28 when he finished Op. 15, a wholly mature composer. And so does ABM understand: he plays it as a grand concerto; he is right, it is a great piano concerto, one of the greatest.<br />All the approach is incredible: scales sound so breathtakingly as if you were in a roller-coaster or skiing down the Monte Bianco (let's remember, in passing, ABM was a ski champion). Trills are also so giddy you wonder how ABM manages to keep his balance. His tempo, few rallentandi, are fascinating, his expression incomparable, his sound loudness control marvelous, he sounds colourful, deep, in total mastery. In my opinion it is not only by far the best rendition of the C major piano concerto, it is also high quality music. I rank this CD as the best music I have in my collection.<br />As is well known, ABM found the piano too percussive, so let alone forcefully hammering the keys, especially in fortissimi, as so many a renowned pianist is used to. The outcome of this unique view regarding the acoustic traits of the pianoforte becomes a turning-point in Michelangeli's pianism. Striking chords are always lively and lovingly played, never pounded. ABM uses the most supreme technique, he seems to sculpt his performance out of the finest Carrara marble. The playing is at once Titanic and fine making the music the more Beethovenian, radical and free-spirited. In the first movement of the C Major concerto, the cadenza is played with all the stops out. Scales roll like thunder, minor seconds glint with scarifying brilliance. Midway, there is a terrific accelerando and chords black as judgment day. Then a trill and a devil-may-care return to the principal idea. It is all rather shocking. But Beethoven enjoyed shocking -terrorizing even- the solemn-browed cognoscenti of his day...
0783225482|5.0|Meryl Streep and Goldie Hawn are a match made in heaven. Neither of them have ever looked so beautiful. It's a fun and exciting story line that'll keep you interested. It's a shame Bruce Willis had to be in it. Just like  The Sixth Sense, it would have be a lot better.
B00000JCB2|1.0|Popular music today is just so dang boring and unimaginative.  This is yet another example.
B000021Y77|5.0|i saw this movie when it was in the theaters with my father who can count the amount of foreign films he's seen on one hand. we were both amazed. the cinematography, the use of still photography, video, film, black and white,  color. it is an amazing film that clocks in at under 90 minutes. it is  funny and touching at the same time. i heard the director and the girl who  played lola are now a couple!!! i can't wait to get the dvd.
0783235380|4.0|I really love the movie, my husband didn't want to watch it with me, but i made him, he really liked it, up to the end of the movie. I hated the ending too, but I will buy the movie and have my own ending. Sandra is  great and Ben is very handsome. Love the dancing they did together in the  gay bar. Hope Ben and Sandra make another movie together soon, with a  better ending!!!
B000002G6J|5.0|This album is high on my list of the few albums I'd consider essential to surviving on a desert island.  Incredible from start to finish. This music brings relaxation to mind and body. Originally issued on vinyl as A&amp;M  SP 3002, CTI series, the album cover artwork was red instead of green. The  green photo appeared in later pressings. Some newer fans may not remember  that.
B00000IFWE|2.0|Lots of the same thing.  Every song sounds like every other song on the disc -- or in Petty's career of late, for that matter.  Nowhere is there a song of a quality anywhere near what can be heard on his early albums.
B00000K19E|5.0|I went in figuring &quot;hey my girlfriend wants me to see it so I'll just put up with Keanu Reeves for 2 hours, yawn&quot;. I came out with my hair blown straight! I managed to catch the movie twice in the same day, I was  that amazed! I entered a skeptic and came out a  believer :-) (Okay just kidding about the 5 times a day...usually it's like  3 or 4 haha)
B0000025C0|5.0|As much as I love their debut album, this is definately my favorite...people should listen closely to the words to 'Don't Look Back'
0425170349|5.0|I loved the book.  I spent hours of reading it in the car and other places.  I recomend this book for any fan of Tom Clancy or someone that just loves action.  I really got a feel for what beeing in an anti  terrorist orginizatio.  The bottom line is READ THIS BOOK!!!
B000002572|5.0|Boston is the best of the best and they're even better in concert
B00000JCB2|2.0|Frankly, I hate the recent rock/rap bands that have cropped up.  Well, Limp definitely falls into this catagory.<br />I, however, was surprised to see a bit of musical inspiration amongst the haze.  Rearranged is really a  marvelous song.  Definitely not worth the price of the album, but worth  noting nonetheless.
B000002O51|5.0|I can't say much more except for I LOVE Boston
B000006NPY|5.0|Dark, mysterious, soft. You might think this isn't  a real Pumpkins album do you. Wrong. I listen to this CD everyday and it just makes me feel like I got my money's worth. My favorite songs are Ava Adore, Perfect, Tear,  Crestfallen, and Pug. One of  the best Smashing Pumpkins albums ever.
6303431038|4.0|Considering al the variations on the Wyatt Earp ledgend that Hollywood has pushed on us, this is at least an attempt to tell the man's story minus the crap.  Compared to &quot;Tombstone&quot; which relies on traditional  Western habituals like guys beating eachother up for no reason, this movie  is pretty tame.  But, after all, Wyatt Earp was just a man caught in his  time who died in Los Angeles, with William S. Hart as a pawl bearer.  Watch  it for the story.
0887309372|3.0|I think the book is beneficial, but felt the information was stretched in presentation to warrant a &quot;book.&quot;  Plenty of blank space on pages for notes or doodles.  I expected fresher case studies in higher  quantities.
078401213X|1.0|Patterns in chaos?  Sure, this film stinks every Pi r2 time I think about it.  Some films shock you, some make you sick from their sacarine sweet plot. Others insult your intellect and while others leave you genuinly  uplifted.  This film took 85 minutes of my life, I saw it 3.14 days ago and  I am still kicking myself every  133.51375 minutes.  Save your money and  buy a backup copy of Titanic.<br />It is safe to say, &quot;there will not be  a Pi-2&quot;.
6302424887|5.0|Polanski's Macbeth is highly successful in resisting the modern tendency to present Macbeth solely through a pychological lens.  Whether intended or not, this film remains more true to the historical Shakespeare in that this  Macbeth is motivated by opportunity, impulse, greed and power. Furthermore,  through it's sensual treatment of necromancy, the witches have reclaimed  their historical relevance to the play and culture of the times, while most  modern versions have tended to dismiss the witches as only a babbling  chorus for Macbeth's madness.  (I highly recommend reading Witches &amp;  Jesuits: Shakespeare's Macbeth by Garry Willis)
0140186395|5.0|How does Steinbeck gain entrance into the souls of people, to view what they are really like?  I am a man of forty, and I literally wept at the wonder of this novel. To see that others have the same thoughts, feelings,  yearnings as myself even from a half century ago is stunning.  I didn't  want this book to end because I had become part of the family, and you  never want the family to end. It amazes me how Steinbeck can write deeply,  but his writing is readable.  He really just sucks you into his world, you  feel as though you are there around the table, discussing the Hebrew word,  looking out the house into the valley, or staring at the house where the  &quot;circus&quot; is going on.  I enjoy many other authors, but I can't  think of any that can draw you into their world as completely as John  Steinbeck, and East of Eden, to me, is the apex of his work.
6305627401|5.0|Sure it's a little raunchy, crude and a little sick, but I'm sure you will die laughing.  The gags and inside jokes are just a taste of what you will get from this movie.  I'm 22 years old and some of the stuff in this movie  really shocked me. Matt and Trey are just pure creative wonders.  I mean  how do they come up with this stuff?  If you thought &quot;Something about  Mary&quot; and &quot;Dumb and Dumber&quot; were a little sick, just wait  until you pop this movie into your DVD or VHS.  Prepare to be  dramatized!!!!!!  I do not recommend this movie for anyone under the age of  18,  although the majority that will watch this movie will be under this  age.  Anyways, enjoy the movie and I'll just hope that Matt and Trey  produce another fantastic movie like this in the near future!!!!
B00000K19E|5.0|Finally!  A sci-fi action story with enduring themes of spiritual awakening, realizing personal potential, etc.  Worth rewatching. Beats the pants off of that tired star wars movie.  Killer concept.
0790739909|5.0|This movie is great I have watched it over 8 times.  If you weren't a Cage or Ryan fan before you will be now!  I would normally call this a chick flick but my boyfriend cried!!!  If you cry easy bring out the tissues.   These two set fireworks like you rarely see in a movie.  Don't think about  renting, buy it!  You will find yourself sitting down to watch it at least  once every two or three months.
6304169558|1.0|Just goes to show how utterly vapid a movie can be. Bunch of tornado chasing mental midgets led by the otherwise marvelous Helen Hunt traipse about the countryside (in chase scenes that smacked of a b-version of  &quot;Smokey and the Bandit II&quot;) trying to get themselves killed as  often as possible. Sadly, they fail. Scene where Hunt's character's father  gets sucked up by a tornado is eerily... no, EXACTLY like the opening scene  in The Wizard of Oz. If you're the kind of yahoo that says things like,  &quot;The special effects were EXCELLENT!&quot; buy this video.
6303913903|4.0|Great dance scenes, but Berkley overdid it. (Running into the street and then puking?!?)  Made her look like the stupid, easy blonde.  Gershon was the only good thing in this movie.  If you are a Gershon fan, you knew what  to expect, and you weren't dissapointed. Over all good movie, but don't  buy, rent!
630349255X|5.0|It's amazing how a visual stimulant, as this film is, can put one into a transhipnotic state to where they feel the innocence and beauty of the cultures they are being exposed to.  Baraka reminds us of how the modern  world has blurred the focus on ancient cultures and religions. And with the  images Baraka shows us, I feel as though we are forgetting the importance  of the Old World and being reminded of how industrial the Western world  lives.  What an amazing film!
B000002NJS|1.0|Infact ROL comes of as rather tired and fake. The vocals are poor and the lyrics are manufactured with nothing real to digest. Not innovative or inspiring, just another manufactured career move.
B000006O7C|5.0|I discovered Jeff Buckley's music after his tragic death.  I noticed all the news reports on his death, and all the sorrow his fans felt.  So I was very curious what his music sounded like so I bought his newest release,  Sketches.  I swear that this album changed my life!!!  I liked it from the  moment I heard the first song.  I already played it thousands of times, and  spread his music to my friends.  I  would recommend Jeff Buckley to whoever  is a true romantic, a lover of fine poetry, and who is interested in a  little meloncholy.  I do have to admit that Jeff Buckley was very handsome  and that is what caught my attention, but above all a true genious who I  wish I had the pleasure of seeing in concert.  I will always be a fan until  the day I die!
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie actually had a story behind it, something unheard of in the Action genre.  It kept you excited, on the edge of your seat, and made you think.  The concept and general plot outline are the same as Dark City, but  when combined with the outstanding special effects and faster action, this  retelling did the directors and the movie great credit.
6302054982|5.0|I'm female and I love this movie.  The fact that its based on truth made it all the more interesting to me.  The only scene that makes me want to look away is the one with Joe Pesci and the guy in the trunk of the car.   Ouch.  Ray Liotta is so cute as Henry.  This is one of those movies I can  watch again and again.
B0000025SB|5.0|This album was Roger Waters last with Pink Floyd, but one could argue that it was Roger Waters first solo album.  Continuing his thoughts about war and its toll on mankind, this albulm touches the soul with lyrics so  genuine and melodies so moving that it brings me to tears everytime I  listen to it.  Its not an CD to play at a festive party, but it is simply  one of the best CD's recorded. If you are a music fan that appreciates good  lyrics and moving melodies, buy this CD and put on your headphones and sit  back.  Most underrated CD from Pink Floyd.
0767835107|5.0|This movie is so great. I rented this video from the store and oh man I'm so glad I did, I watched this movie over and over again, the people from the video store called me today because I still haven't returned it yet.  Ryan Phillippe, Reese Witherspoon, and Sarah Michelle Gellar did a fine  job.  this movie made me laughed so hard on some parts, made me want to  slap Sarah, I cried at the end.  whocares if it was a REMAKE from  Dangerous Liasions, that's why they call it a REMAKE. it's a 1990's fast  paced verision of it and it's worth every penny.  also people forget but  the characters in the movie ARE TEENS so the actors were very good as  acting like Teens doing sex sences, anyway it was great!  BUY IT NOW! DON'T  WAIT!  also the music was great just bought the CD and I'm listening to it  now!
0385495315|4.0|As he did in Fermat's Enigma, Singh succeeds in communicating recondite mathematical concepts to the non-mathematician in The Code Book. But the plot thickens in Singh's second; what if being the first to find, &quot;The  Proof,&quot; meant having the upper hand in matters of terrorism, or the  key to victory in World War?  Singh shows that cipher-math has played an  important role in historical events, and will continue to play a role in  the security of individuals, corporations, and countries.  <br />While I won't  be losing sleep trying to win the book's $15,000 Cipher Challenge, (I've  got a Pentium II) I will now think hard about how cipher technology is used  and regulated. Should the government be allowed to prohibit absolute  cipher-security to protect citizens from harm, or does the right to privacy  outweigh the risk of computer-aided crime and terror?  I'm not the one with  the recipe for Coke under his pillow, but if I were, thoughts of cipher  legislation would keep me from resting easily.<br />I really enjoyed The Code  Book, but it should have been thicker with the stories for which Singh  suggested there wasn't enough room.  I hoped for more stories about the  race between cryptographers and cryptanalysts, desperate to gain any  intelligence advantage, holding the future of the free world in their  hands; as a diversion from the objectives of the book, Singh chose only to  relate the cracking of Linear-B.  (Not quite &quot;The Day of the  Jakcal.&quot;) Otherwise, however, The Code Book is, &quot;Uif Tiju!&quot;
0812548094|4.0|This book reminds me of my high school book reports where I would rearrange the authors words just enough to keep it from being called plagiarism.  I admit that I'm not an expert on the fantasy genre, but it's  almost embarassing whenever I read something &quot;borrowed&quot; from  Robert Jordan's &quot;Wheel of Time&quot; series.  Overall, it is an  enjoyable read, but I think it's because Terry Goodkind took Robert  Jordan's concepts and made his own story out of them.
0345350499|5.0|The first time i read this book i was literally amazed. i could not put it down.  as i read i quickly felt myself slipping into morgaine's character and then i let myself be taken away into the realm of the goddess.  i  enjoyed this book so much i read it again right after i finished it.  this  is a must read.
B000000H7I|5.0|Okay, I picked this up from the recommendations of online metal fans, and I have to say THANK YOU GUYS! I am more interested in straight-out death metal than any other subgenre, and wow this is great stuff! I mean, these  guys are fantastic musicians, with complex, lively riffs, solid drumwork,  wild vocals, and lyrics not quite as sick but therefore so much more  intelligent than the content of bands like Cannibal Corpse. I will be sure  to buy their other albums in a little while, when I can afford to grab  them. So if you haven't heard this group, but love REAL death metal, this  is a must-have! Don't think about it, just buy. You will not be  disappointed! It's too damn bad they're not a band anymore...
6300214028|5.0|The scene where Beatty and Keaton find each other in the crowded train station is a classic cinema moment. I loved this film.
6305265666|5.0|When I first saw Ever After it was without any prior information or preconceptions.  I was blown away by how much I love this film.  It's sweet, charming, and light hearted.  I named it our &quot;Pick of The  Moment&quot; at EclipseMagazine.com, not once but twice.  I've watched it  13 times in the last month, and watch it every time it's on HBO.  However,  the DVD version sucks, not the movie itself, it's flawlessly transferred  and the sound is fantastic, but it only includes the letterboxed version,  and the trailer - and I hate letterbox.  <br />If there was ever a movie that  deserves special edition stuff like - Script to Screen, alternate tracks  with the Composer (I love the soundtrack - all &quot;three&quot; of them),  Director, Pan and Scan, Writer and Actor/Actress commentaries, this was it.   Let's start writing Fox for a collectors edition!  I mean that's the whole  point of DVD.  We want the extras!
B00000K19E|3.0|I guess The Matrix beats most of the &quot;dumb  downed&quot; rubbish spewing out of Hollywood. BUT if you want to see a really good SF, do yourself a favour and check out David Cronenbergs new movie, eXistenZ. This  is a much better movie with an intriguing story, good acting and the  wonderful organic touch of Mr. Cronenberg.
6303269826|1.0|This has to be the worst, most boring peice of garbage western I've ever seen. How can one call this a good biography. All this movie did was try to tear jerk you every second. Kasdan thinks he has a gift for tear jerking. I  watch westerns because they are real, and violent with straightforward  stories and gritty characters. This film lacks in everything that  characterizes a western. The people who liked this must have just got done  watching, &quot;The Big Chill&quot;. A real western is the Outlaw Josey  Wales, or The Sacketts.  And Tombstone, even though overblown at times,  blew this bomb out of the water. When they get to the gunfight at the OK  Corrall, notice how you don't even know who the heck the bad guys are.  Kasdan has to remember that the heavy in a movie is just as important as  his hero, especially a western. But if he did that it wouldn't be his brand  of yuppie western. Kasdan watched too many episodes of Little House on the  Prairie and thought they were westerns. He should watch some more Peckinpah  films and grow a pair. Kevin Costner should do the same.
6304618344|5.0|This movie is one of my favorites. John Woo did such an excellent job with the storyline and casting the parts. John Travolta and Nick Cage performed brilliantly as usual. They have such chemistry together I would love to see  them acting together in another action movie in the future. Face/Off is  packed with action with just the right touch of humor to please most  everyone.  The storyline is unique and interesting; not tired and outdone  like some action movies Ive seen. I would recommend this movie to anyone  who wants the thrill of action and the laughter of comedy with a few  touching scenes. This movie is everything rolled into one.
0684847817|5.0|This is one of the most beautiful books I've ever bought.  I can enjoy reading about these faeries over and over again.  Beautiful illistrations and lovely tales of all of the fae, including some of the meanest.<br />Imo
B00000J7J4|5.0|I bought this album for the single, Smooth.  I'm keeping it for the rest of the songs!
B000002HRE|1.0|Well, i didn't think that after Load, it could get worse, but it did. If that's the way Metallica wants to go, fine, but i am not going to walk in their shadow and pick up the pieces of what was a great and talented band  by buying their albums anymore. A shame that this happened, I would love to  see them go back to their roots, MOP, Justice, and Lightning. I haven't  listened to ANY Metallica since this CD came out, i guess we all grow up,  except some just grow down. Again i must say, a shame that this had to  happen, four years for Load, and nothing but pain and agony, and now insult  to injury just piles on, I won't even get into Garage Inc.
0792140923|2.0|... come on baby this sucked so bad (sung to the tune of John Cougar's &quot;hurt so good&quot;). hollywood dragged out every corny stereotype and cliche for this most overrated film. and i've had enough of tom hanks  getting paid $15 million per film to tell us how greedy and shallow we all  are. give me a break. <br />the only reason i gave it 2 stars was the splicing  of actual footage from JFK, Nixon etc. and integrating them as part of the  film which was funny at times. otherwise, &quot;suck so bad ...&quot;
B00000ILBK|5.0|How this only recieved 3 and 1/2 stars in the overall customer reviews is beyond me. I absolutely loved the innocence Data gains and the love that Picard finds. Not only that, but the special effects were even more  detailed than past Star Trek movies, and the action was on the edge of your  seat until Picard is beamed off the collector. The concept as a whole was  invigorating to this aging world, and I thought a very refreshing look at  how humans could rise above the chase for the fountain of youth. Bravo!!!
B000001DVD|5.0|This was the album that hooked me on Def Leppard. The first MTV video I saw was Bringing On The Heartbreak. I highly recomend this CD to every 80's rock fan.  Mirror Mirror continues to be my favorite song by Def Leppard  and rates in the top 10 of my all time fav's.  All in all one great CD.
B000002MU3|5.0|I recenty was at the local used cd store on saw about 20 copys of this album in the r.e.m. section(maybe 3 copys of their other albums).  It  upsets me that this cd is so obviously disliked. However, I assume these  cd's were returned by r.e.m. fans that are probably used to the tranquil  sounds of Out of Time and Automatic for the People(both are great also).  R.E.M. said they were going to do an old school type rock album  well  before the release of Monster, and they did. This is one of my favorite  cd's ever, and this is coming from a long time r.e.m. fan.
B000002U82|1.0|I have no idea why this is one of the best-selling albums ever. It's bad even by Pink Floyd standards; they did so much better on *real* classics such as &quot;Meddle&quot;, &quot;Ummagumma&quot; or &quot;Animals&quot;. I  guess the electronics were kinda progressive in 1973, but whereas other  music from that time (and before) still sounds as timeless as ever, this  has become remarkably stale. Not to mention the pretentious lyrics. Lame  lame lame. I guess this sells only because everybody recognizes the cover.  In my humble opinion this is the worst, not the best, Pink Floyd album.
6302353041|1.0|this was a great disappointment to my 3 yr old son --he was looking forward to the singing version and i believed that this was what i bought--i would call this false advertising
B000002J1S|4.0|Peter Gabriel's last project with Genesis is the epitome of what 70s bombast rock was all about, when rock musicians wanted to be opera composers and suchlike. TLLDOB is probably the best of all of those, but  you have to be in the mood for something like this before you put the CD  in. It's not easy listening. It *is*, kind of, opera. Brilliantly well  done, but, in essence, opera.
B00001U0DP|5.0|My best friend took me to see this film after telling me that it is the Pope's favourite film. I was a bit apprehensive at first because I was not anxious to spend my Friday night witnessing the horror of the holocaust.  However, the intense passionate love that this man felt for his family  proved to me that that this film was about the strength of the human  spirit. Believe it or not, there are some humourous parts in this film and  although there are some extremely heartwrenching and painful parts, this is  a film that you will think about almost constantly for days after viewing  it. It made me truly believe the theme of the film...and that is that Life  IS Beautiful!
B00000K19E|5.0|The best movie, hmmm, well, ever.  From the beginning this movie is action packed and full of great acting and possibities.  Let your eyes relax and drink fully this master piece.  The one excuse people keep giving me for  not having seen this movie is, &quot;Keanu Reeves is in it.&quot; Well to  that I say, think of &quot;Bill&quot; from Bill n Ted's... and make him a  computer freek and you get &quot;Neo.&quot;  A line I thought to help  describe &quot;Neo&quot;, before I saw the movie is, &quot;Woah, this world  is Real, but not Real.&quot;     Too all those who like Samuri Sunday...   this movie is a must see.<br />Take it from someone who has seen this movie 6  times more than anyone else he knows... (12).
B000002KGT|3.0|I need to replace my CD of this, which was nicked from its case.  I like it because it's a good album filled with nice songs played and sung well.  But this argument over it's classic status is like people arguing whether  the lettuce or the onion is the best part of a hamburger.  New musical  ground broken - zero.  Influence on other artists (cover bands excepted) -  zero.  So it's not a classic except if measured in sales.
630471288X|5.0|Let's face it, most of what we see on t.v. and esp on the news, is downright negative.  This is a movie about hope and how that hope is found within the human spirit, even in the depths of a prison.  The movie really  just gives faith that the world is just and in the end what is right will  win out.  This is a must see for anyone anywhere because it'e themes are so  univeral, watch it, buy it, love it.
B0000004V2|5.0|Just bought it - can't stop playing it.  Can't be many better debuts than this.
630562285X|5.0|I saw this movie in the theater and loved every moment of it.  It's a fabulous thriller about people who aren't what they seem.  Full of spectacular excitement, this is definitely a top-notch film.
0784010528|4.0|Oliver Stone has undeniably made one of the greatest films based on a music icon with his vibrant work, &quot;The Doors.&quot; This is a film driven by images and music. Stone takes us through a dream-like experience,  which suits a film about Jim Morrison. The script is a little weak, and the  film plays a bit too long sometimes. But it still delivers. Stone films the  best concert scenes I have ever seen in a movie! This proves that Stone is  a master, no, a GENIUS of cinema who can make different films about  different subjects. &quot;The Doors&quot; captures the spirit of the  sixties and has some wild areas that really work. Val Kilmer is amazing as  Jim Morrison, he is totally convincing. For those who didn't know, Kilmer  sang all the songs featured in concert scenes! &quot;The Doors&quot; is a  vibrant and entertaining portrait of Jim Morrison that though weak at  times, still manages to deliver a dynamite ride.
B000000OQF|5.0|Guns n Roses.  The name itself commands respect.  Any artist who criticizes this album is either jealous or they are some band that sells on a gimmick or an image, such as Ricky Martin.  Anyways, GNR is one of the  greates bands of all time.  They single-handedly brought rock n roll out of  the glam days and killed such glam bands as Poison or Nelson.  Axl, if you  ever read this, get over yourself and give the people who gave you your  career what they want, more Guns n Roses, and you know who those people  are, your fans.  G'N'F'R forever!
0767815351|5.0|Alan Parker's &quot;Midnight Express&quot; is one of the most powerful films I have ever seen. It gives a powerful message about messing with drugs in a foreign country. But unlike other films that feature the hero in  trouble in another land like &quot;Red Corner,&quot; which softened it's  approach, &quot;Midnight Express&quot; is frighteningly realistic. You are  glued to your seat and shaken by some chilling thrills. The film is also  hypnotically watchable due to the amazing cinematography, camera work, and  music by Giorgio Moroder (Scarface). This is an excellent piece of film  that will leave you moved and stunned as well as frightened. I was deeply  impacted. &quot;Midnight Express&quot; is a film that gives a message while  at the same time giving an incredibly emotional story. It's all the more  incredible because it's true. Oliver Stone's screenplay is powerful and  amazing writing. &quot;Midnight Express&quot; is a powerful motion picture  experience that you will never forget.
B00000724P|4.0|While not as good as Guns n Roses, Metallica is one of the best bands of all time. This is their defining album.  Used to listen to it before football games in high school, and went out and slaughtered the  quarterback.  Really gets the adrenaline going.
B00000JPH5|5.0|The Labyrinth is a wonderful movie and I love it so so much please re-realease it in the old cover, I like it better that way I would not buy it if  were any other way ,with all of the pictures on it from dirrerent  scenes of the movie.
6305513406|5.0|All I can say is WOW!  I own all 79 episodes on VHS and the quality is worlds better on DVD.  I can't understand why people are complaining about the episodes.  Guys, get real; I go to the local video store and pay about  15 bucks for ONE episode on VHS.  I pay less than that for TWO on DVD here  on Amazon and the quality is superior.  Personally, I think it's a better  deal.  So how is Paramount ripping anyone off?  Anyway, of course the  episodes were excellent, but I was stunned by how incredible the quality of  the DVDs was; I watched VHS and DVD back to back and there's just no  comparison. I can't bear watching the VHS episodes now!  I've already pre  ordered the next DVDs and am eagerly awaiting their release.  In fact, my  only question is, come on, Paramount, when are you going to give us Next  Gen on DVD?  I can't wait!
B00000JPH5|5.0|This is one of the best movies I have ever seen. It has all the elementst of a good fiction story book packed into a eventful and colorful movie. From start to finish plot twists and characters keep this movie and it's  watchers on their toes.
B000003TAR|5.0|I bought this album after buying their first CD &quot;nevermind&quot; which may very well be the best recording of all time. I really don't know what to think. Most of these songs are dull and repetative. But...I said  most of the songs. There are some songs here that are brilliant. Heart  shaped box was gritty but great. All apologies and rape me are both softer,  but equally as great. And for some strange reason, i find touretts great  even though kurt just screams his head off and doesnt say a word that I  could possibly understand. I give this cd 5 stars, partially because it is  nirvana, and partially for the songs I have just mentioned. This is still a  must for any Nirvana fan.
068484267X|5.0|ALL THROUGH THIS BOOK YOU FIND YOURSELF WANTING TO HOLD, NURTURE AND PROTECT THIS SWEET CHILD. I KNOW THAT TO FORGIVE IS DEVINE BUT I DON'T THINK I COULD FORGIVE FRANK'S FATHER FOR HIS &quot;WEAKNESS.&quot;  THE  PAIN HE CAUSED IS SO GREAT THAT YOU ARE AMAZED THAT YOUNG FRANK EMERGED  DETERMINED, STRONG AND VERY ENDEARING WHILE HE DEVELOPES HIS SURVIVAL  SKILLS. JUST PUT MY ORDER IN FOR 'TIS AND CAN HARDLY WAIT.
B000005JXG|5.0|I wish I could take credit for that line, but I can't, and I don't remember who can. In any event, it's true. Imagine traditional Irish music, fused with a furious punk sensibility, and you're there. All of their  albums have some fine music, but this is the only one that is consistent  from start to finish. Shane McGowan is a true romantic with an incredible  gift for words. (If you thought &quot;The Sinking of the Edmund  Fitzgerald&quot; was haunting, check out &quot;The Turkish Song of the  Damned&quot;.) He takes on injustice against the Irish, Love, Despair, and  Hope, without becoming annoying like &quot;complaint rock&quot;. I can't  recommend this album enough.
B00001ZWTT|1.0|After seeing all the hype over this movie, and seeing the awsome Music video for this movie. I was extremely excited to go and plop down my $ this summer to see this movie. Unfortunately I was in for a big suprise!  The movie started out pretty slow. After about 15 mins i was left wondering  if it was ever going to pick up. But to no avail, nothing. I was left  hanging and eventually went to sleep in the movie. After about 10 mins of  napping in the theater my eyes opened to even more bordom!!! What happened  to this movie? Did they just loose all creativity and slap something  together and hope that Will Smith's name would save it? I have not seen  such an awfuly boring movie of this calubur is years. I would not recommend  it to anyone. Let alone tell anyone to waste there hard earned money to  have such a terible movie added to their collection of DVD's at home. Even  if you are a huge Will Smith fan, you will be extremely dissapointed. Don't  waste your time and money on this one.
B000003337|2.0|Thanks God Randy Rhoads joined Ozzy Osbourne, to show the world his unrivalled mastership of the guitar, introducing a whole new era to this instrument. Because, in this QUiet Riot, their music is horrible, cheesy, a  kind of WHitesnake mescled with Poison, but less creative!!
0684803356|5.0|I recently read For Whom the Bell Tolls for a book group and absolutely loved it.  The writing is superb.  I think I especially enjoyed the parts of the book where the characters are describing their thoughts in  tremendous detail, particularly how they feel about having to die at that  time in that place.  It's extremely dramatic in its depth.  The ending is  tragic and brought tears to my eyes, even though I already knew what  happened.
B00000K31Q|5.0|This movie is simply spectacular. It will surely turn out to be a movie that is talked about for decades. I saw it 3 times in the theater and plan to buy it on DVD as soon as it comes out. Julia Stiles and Heath Ledger are  amazingly good and every time you watch this film,you'll notice a whole  batch of new stuff. And don't forget to stay tuned through the end credits  for some hysterical outtakes. &quot;10 Things...&quot; gets 10 stars and I  can think of WAAAAAAY more than 10 Things to LOVE about this movie. It's  perfect.
0684867621|4.0|I am fascinated by the readers who call themselves King fans and yet cry for the old stuff.  King has grown and so should his so called &quot;fans&quot;.  The book was very well written, very descriptive and the  characters charming.  Except for the Boogy Man.  Loved the baseball aspect.  I also thought the book was scarey in parts.  I was reading alone in the  house at night and a couple of times had to put the book down, it brought  out things that go bump.  A must read!  Thanks Mr. King!
B0000026NC|1.0|Does every Pink Floyd fan has an extra-sensorial audition, that makes them believe that every PF album is the absolute masterpiece of music? I think so, and I thin maybe I'm missing someting here. Because all I listen is a  band which could never be called &quot;rock&quot;
0767805712|5.0|Some people don't appreciate the true essence of this film. For example, one viewer mentioned the room full of people blindingly typing while looking at a prerendered navigation on screen. The composition of each  scene in this movie is a truly artistic expression in communicating the  message that the film is trying to convey. (i.e. The robotic valids with no  feelings or expressions simply typing away at their &quot;work&quot;  without thought to anything or anyone.)<br />This film is nothing but  brilliant. Like all films, it has its flaws here and there, but when you  see it, watch for the brilliant setup and effectiveness of the design in  every scene. It's a shame that the DVD didn't include the making of  originally aired when this movie came out. It adds so much to the  understanding. (Especially the DNA Staircase among other things). I can't  complain about the transfer of this film for it was perfect. Ditto for  sound.<br />If you really enjoy intelligent and artistic cinema, then buy this  DVD. You'll really appreciate it. But if you're looking for sci-fi  thrilling eye candy, look elsewhere. Enjoy.
B00000J7J4|5.0|I bought this CD because of the song \\"Smooth\\" and found out the other tracks were just as good. I enjoyed every minute ....
0380977273|5.0|This book is wounderful. It really got me thinking, and it made me want to get out and find some type of adventure. The best thing I can probably say about this story is: After I finished it, I couldn't sleep. For I was busy  running the story through my head, over and over. I know that I will  probably read this book every October for years to come. Every one should  read it. Child, young adult, adult... Everyone.
B000002JNJ|3.0|For any fan of heavy guitar riffs, this CD is just great! Very good riffs, strong and creatives. But singer Anselmo blows the music off, trying to prove that he is a great singer. The only thing he does is scream and force  his voice all along(except for Cemetery Gates)
B00000JPH4|5.0|This movie is a masterpiece of the one of the most creative minds ever, buy it!
0792156684|5.0|On a Dolby Digital 5.1 system, the sound effects will blow you away
B00000K2SE|5.0|One of the best movies I have ever seen
B000002JOH|2.0|The ex- kings of glam who trie to be a metal band only get worst with this one. I think if they replaced Phil Anselmo on vocals, they would have more chance to be a real heavy band. anyway, there are some good songs on this  one. And the cover artwork, well, forget about it..
B00000K2SC|5.0|The Matrix is the best sci-fi film in years. If you haven't seen it you have no idea what you've missed.
0064407667|5.0|My middle school boys actually applauded and asked for &quot;MORE&quot; while reading these books.  We've read Brian Jacques, we've read Time Warp Trio, we've read Harry Potter, we've read R. Dahl, and these books continue  nicely in those veins.  It's getting harder to find books to keep the boys  interested in, we're waiting for the third book to be published so we can  find out more about the &quot;orphans&quot; and the imagination of the  mysterious Lemony Snicket.  You won't be disappointed if you like books  that aren't predictable and sugar coated.
B00000I9MK|2.0|I bought Tigermilk soley on the recommendations of all the other customers.  It was rated as one of the hottest sellers the day I logged on.  Much to my disappointment some 5 days later, I was giving the CD to my  daughter.  Sorry, but I just didn't &quot;hear&quot; what all the hype was  about.  I thought I was pretty open-minded, and I honestly tried, but this  turned out to be nothing more than a miniature frisbee for me.
B000002U9W|1.0|This CD is impossible to listen without falling asleep. YOu keep wondering all the time if: 1) The muscians are making a fool of you; 2) They are playing with their heads full of alcohol
B00000K19E|5.0|I found this movie not only to be a great action movie but also found very deep biblical parallels.  You don't have to be blind to see it.  &quot;The One&quot;...&quot;Trinity&quot; (just to name a few) come on...there was no  coincidence that this movie came out around Easter.
0553108034|5.0|This book was great.  The writing is perfect for me.  There are several stories carried along by the main theme.  It's impossible to get bored because the next chapter will be about a different character dealing with  different issues.  However,  the main story is always in the background.   <br />The charactors are interesting and the writing gives them life in  exciting ways.<br />If you like Robert Jordan (Lord of Chaos and earlier WOT),  you'll love this series.
6304457391|5.0|A spellbinding story of the attempted overthrow of the U.S. Government. See this movie, if for no other reason, than to wax nostalgic for a time when filmakers actually thought storyline was an important part of the  movie making process.<br />Kirk Douglas has the best single line ever spoken  in a movie, in the scene at the end where he is confronted by Burt  Lancaster.
0684800713|4.0|I thought this was an excellent book.  After reading &quot;For Whom the Bell Tolls&quot; and enjoying it imensely, I picked this book.  It still amazes me the way Hemingway could explain the feeling of any given moment  in such a way that reminded me of a similar moment or feeling that I have  experianced in my life.  I found myself wishing i could write in such a way  and found it is much easier to read than write in such a style.  Some have  found this book &quot;boring&quot; and that the drinking was  &quot;excessive&quot; but this is what an entire generation of people were  experiancing after WWI.  I've visited both Paris and Spain, and after this  read, I wanted to go back to Spain and see if I could some how retrace  Jake's steps in this story.  An excellent book!  Read &quot;For Whom the  Bell Tolls&quot; if you enjoyed this book or want to experiance Hemingway's  finest novel!
0393317552|5.0|I loved it by page 50. Well work reading.<br />This should be everyone's starter history book, and then you go off to fill in the details.
B00000J6AG|5.0|Heart-Warming Masterpiece...It takes some time to get used to...but this one grows on you....
B000002X1O|4.0|For Grace Slick fans this is a must!  If only for Ballad Of The Chrome Nun/Fat. And Sketches of China! A great voice on a great day. And it includes Across the Board.  Thanks, Grace.
B000002LBH|5.0|This album brings back great memories of listening to this album over and over again!  This is definitely one of the Smiths best albums. It has a great mix cynicism and irony in emotional overtones, Morrisey's trademark.   There is not one song I dislike on this whole album, pretty impressive for  any band!
B00000K19E|5.0|This was without a doubt the best movie that has been made to date. The special effects helped the films complex yet easily understood plot to become more intruiging and interesting as the film went on. Anybody who is  thinking of purchasing this movie should go ahead and take the plunge. It  is worth it!
B000002LGA|3.0|Pretty cool album when it first came out.  But unlike The Blue Mask, Berlin, and Street Hassle this one is showing its age.  Basically it is liberal dogma from the mid-80's set to a rock and roll beat.  Not that  dogma is necessarily a bad thing.  But getting hit over the head with it  shows (gasp) a lack of true creativity. Sorry Lou.
B00000JCOV|5.0|Slipknot, a unique 9 member band that includes a turntable and two custom percussionists, can in no way be classified as a certain type of music--and they don't want to be.  They are a unique mix of metal, punk, alternative  and even some rap put together with surprising precision.  It will be  interesting to see what happens to Slipknot in the future.
B00000099Y|5.0|As a fan of hard rock since the mid 60's I was fortunate to acquire this CD from my dealer a couple of years back. Judging by the conflicting comments on the Amazon site Tool have stimulated a Love 'em / Hate 'em  response which is the hallmark of all important art. I must confess that it  was not until after a couple of listenings and the acquisition of the  lyrics via the Net that the true impact of this CD hit me. This is cutting  edge heavy metal and, in my opinion, the most significant creation from  that style of the 90's. The content is varied and interesting whilst  paradoxically managing to both intrigue and bludgeon the listener.Coupled  to a truly outstanding production Aenima delivers a aural experience of  shattering proportions which tested even my leviathan sound system to the  limit. Stuck away on the tip of Africa it is easy to miss a release of this  importance. I'm glad it did not pass me by.
B000002GVO|5.0|When the album was first released I was only 2 or 3 years old. The first time I heard of the Eagles was in 1986 or 1988, in that time it was. The Hotel California single had just been reissued in the Netherlands and again  it was a big hit. From that point of time I loved this song, I still do.  Only a couple of years ago I bought this album, at first only for Hotel,  but immediately I was surprised by the other songs (only Life in the  Fastlane I don't like), what a voices, arrangements, everything fall in its  place. From head to toe, this album IS the best album of the seventies. And  probably one of the best albums of all time. For I'm a Springsteen fan, I  only let Springsteen top the Eagles. But these voices, much better than  Springsteens' A couple of years ago I had the possibility to see them live  in the Netherlands, Hell Freezes Over, had just been released and it is one  of the concerts which have made the deepest impact on me. Even after 20  years or so. The songs from then are now the song of my present. Love it.
0385495315|4.0|Gives a good history of cyptography and cryptoanalysis with just the right technical bent (although could delve just a bit deeper in some areas) and the $15,000 contest adds a bit of fun.
B00000JMQD|5.0|I remember seeing this movie as a child and loving it. With the re-release on video (specifically the widescreen release and DVD, songs (not that I don't love the music of which I am planning on buying once I get a player  early next year), I have fallen in love again allowing me to honestly say  this is my favorite movie. 109 minutes of pure story, no songs (not that I  don't love the songs of the '39 classic). This is truely a great movie.  Great visuals as well.
0783226063|1.0|You know.... in the book, no one fights with the lasers and stuff that they used in the movie. A laser hitting a shield is supposed to cause a nuclear explosion.  Oh, and the fremen used crysknives... swords made from  the teeth of a worm, not stupid little devices that bluh stuff up based on  voice...  and the Atradies have fanatical troops because well... read the  book.  This movie should have had a different title, because it is only  superficially similar to Frank Herberts great work.
B00000K19E|4.0|This is a separate genre, almost. First time I saw it I was disappointed because I had read the review of the film at Wired News (I think the writer was wired up to something, but it wasn't to the film). The film stayed at a  local theatre for almost 5 mos. I later went to see the film a second time  out of boredom one day and with no expectations. I actually liked it the  second time. It took two viewings to understand the film and to capture the  essence of this particular genre. From an entertainment point of view it's  worth seeing and owning. It is unique in the way that Blade Runner is  unique--not your average SciFi film--definetly better than the recent Star  Wars bore (I actually fell asleep during the middle of Star Wars).
B00000JCOV|1.0|From a metal/thrash fan's point, I think this is nothing but annoying garbage like Korn. Wish I could give it negative stars....
B000008M54|4.0|People often lament: What happened to the era of the lyricist?  Why are the only people writing exciting lyrics the same people--Dylan, Morrison, Simon, Mitchell, Springsteen--who were writing them in the late '60's and  '70's?  When asked that question, I point to Mike Scott of the Waterboys,  who here demonstrates a deft pen, while the rest of the Boys make a  beautiful ruckus behind him.  This album is their most pastoral, I think,  and owes a serious debt to the likes of Van Morrison and the Chieftains.   The best songs show the connection of American country &amp; western music  to Scots-Irish folk ballads without straining in the least.  Check out  &quot;Strange Boat&quot;, &quot;And a Bang on the Ear&quot;, and their  harder-rocking cover of Morrison's exquisite &quot;Sweet Thing.&quot;
B00000JPH5|5.0|I saw this when it first came out on video,and it was love at first sight!My brother and I have watched it so many times we drive our familycrazy,because we can recite any line from the movie at will.My 4 yr  old twins watched it for the first time last  month and though I thought it  would be to &quot;old&quot; for them,they loved it as well.My copy is about  15 yrs old it seems,so I am getting a new one.I hope all who view this get  as much enjoyment as my family does.
B00001ZWTS|4.0|I thought this movie was great! It was an ideal summer blockbuster! I thought that Will Smith and Kevin Kline made a hilarious match. It was a funny comedy and an exiting action action movie.Critics That give this  movie bad reviews have to understand were this movie is comming from its  not trying to be another Casablanca,itis trying to be a funny, exiting  entertaining summer movie. And It succeds. I would reccomend it to anyone.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This is a movie that can not be described very easy. I loved it the first time I saw it. On the next day I went again to see it for second time. After so meny stupid hollywood action movies and dramas this one was as a  miracle! If you haven't seen the movie on the big screen you MUST buy the  tape and see it at home at least. You wouldn't sorry. I  just hope that  they will continue to make films like this one.
068484267X|5.0|THIS IS THE MOST DEPRESSING NOVEL I HAVE EVER READ. I LOVED EVERY MINUTE OF IT. FRANK MCOURT DOES AN EXCELLENT JOB OF DOCUMENTING EVENTS. GREAT DESCRIPTION AND DETAIL.I FELT AS IF I WAS LIVING WITH YOUNG FRANK'S FAMILY  AND EXPERIENCING EVERY HEARTWRENCHING MOMENT. I LAUGHED WITH FRANK AND  LITERALLY CRIED WITH HIM TOO. I APPLAUDE YOU, FRANK MCCOURT,FOR A JOB  EXCELLENTLY DONE!!
B00001ZWTS|4.0|I enjoyed this movie despite all of the negetivity that it got from the press.  While I'm far too young to remember the original T.V. show I still think this movie did a great job.  It did however seem a little too  far-fetched at times.  The whole deal with the mechanical spider was too  much.  But  The whole idea of having the bad guys being a bunch of mad  ex-confederates was great.  They also made the film historically acurate,   Grant was president in 1869 and that was the year the transcontinential  railroads were finally joined in Utah.  This is a movie anyone can watch.   It is not overly or graphically violent, very little swearing, and its just  plain fun to watch.  I recommend it to anyone who likes to watch movies to  be entertained by them.  Which in my opinion is their number one  responsibility.
B000001F5A|5.0|This CD is one of Vangelis' best -- following only Bladerunner and 1492 (maybe a tie with Chariots of Fire).  Deliverance (#8) is truly inspiring, and the rest are top quality as well.  Vangelis really has his ups and  downs unfortunately, but never fear -- this one is a big success.  Don't  hesitate.
B000008H1R|5.0|Ian Anderson was at the height of his lyrical powers, relatively untainted by the cynicism that crept into his later work.  Glenn Cornick's bass work is superb, and if anyone doubts the claim that Martin Barre is one of  rock's most underestimated guitar wizards, present &quot;To Cry You A  Song&quot; as evidence for the defense.  &quot;Benefit&quot; fueled Tull's  meteroric rise as one of the top rock acts of the '70s.
0790729644|5.0|Unforgiven is surely one of the greatest westerns ever made, along with The Searchers, Stagecoach, The Wild Bunch, and Butch Cassidy And The Sundance Kid. A must see.
B000007OY0|5.0|I envy those of you who will experience the magic and power of Shawshank for the first time.<br />Simply put, this is the greatest movie of all time.
630451087X|5.0|Every time I watch this movie, i get another little piece of the puzzle. Those of you who don't want to think about abnormal psychology, how the mind operates in a fugue state, or alternate states of being should not get  involved with this movie , but anyone who wants to think HARD should  definely watch Lost Highway right now. just know that the only conclusions  you're going to get are the ones you come to yourself.
B000002HH2|5.0|I definitely love this album.  To me, it's one of the most influencial albums ever in this century.
B00000K19E|5.0|Hacker Thomas &quot;Neo&quot; Anderson (Keanu Reeves) tries to understand the &quot;real world&quot; after meeting a group of rebels living in the &quot;real world&quot; sometime in the future. Agents (future hard-***  cops) are trying to get rid of the rebels by killing them off, and Neo is  the only one who can save them. Morpheus (Lawrence Fishburne) and Trinity  (Carrie-Anne Moss) must train Neo to be able to &quot;break or bend&quot;  some of the rules in the Matrix. They better hurry, cause the Agents are on  their tails and time's running out.
B00000AFGM|5.0|Great CD. New songs actually sound new with a different flavor, more upbeat mixed with more Manson philosophy!
B00000K2SE|5.0|I just gotta say...this movie is the ONLY movie I have ever gone and seen a 2nd time the next day! It was great...and Keanu is kinda cute. :)
6305078564|5.0|When watching this, how many of you have wanted to slap that silly Lydia?  Or to tell Mrs. Bennet to quite her incessive whining? Or punch Miss Caroline Bingley in the face?  What a #$%^&amp;!  The movie draws you in to  what's happening.  The arrogance of Mr. Darcy, the sweetness of Jane, the  fawning Mr. Colins (yuk!), the droll sense of humor of Mr. Bennet.  It's  wonderful.<br />My son can't understand why I continually rewatch this movie.   I don't know if I can even explain it to him.  I've seen the original with  Greer Garson and Lawrence Olivier at least three times, and this one at  least five.  Although, this is my favorite, I can't slight the old  movie.<br />The book is excellent!  I've read it three times.
6305358567|4.0|Blanchett is so perfectly cast in the role of Elizabeth.  Rush is his usual outstanding self. This movie is authentic (sometimes overly, with a bit of graphic violence), however, this work powerfully depicts the  triumphs and tragedies of the longest reigning Queen of Enland.  The  complex &quot;Virgin Queen&quot;.  The movie is sure to be a classic.  Some  amazing performances by an all-star cast.  A great way to get a fairly  accurate history lesson in one evening.
B000005Z0G|5.0|This album is rough and has a definite underground feel. The best tracks are 1.Holla if ya hear me , strictly 4 my niggas and last words. This is violent, paranoid, and aggressive tupac at his best, although the cd is  dotted with a couple of songs that are more lighthearted. They are not the  reason for buying this CD. If you like hip hop artists who candy coat their  view of life, buy sean combs (puffy) crap or that dmx guy with the lame  voice.
0307165485|5.0|I received this book as a child, and it was one of the mainstays of storytime for me over the years. Now my two year old son is enjoying the very same copy 30 years later!! An absolutely indispensable part of a  child's personal library.
6305546797|4.0|Halloween is an excellent movie, and this DVD package is great, the quality is superior to past releases, the lbx TV version is super cool, with some nice extras including a modern documentary, but it's missing the  commentary track included in the collectors laserdisc, which would have  made this DVD a perfect 5 stars
B000001GBJ|5.0|I could say all the good things about this, but I will tell you what happened after I listened to the first music, 'Nocturne', from the site.<br />After listening to the sample music on the website, I bought one  and sent it as a present. A day after that, I bought one for myself at a  nearby bookstore. And today, I bought another one for someone's birthday  present. I bought three of them, THREE SAME CDs, all in three days. And in  the near future, another one will be bought and be presented to my parents  when I meet them.<br />P.S. I am a classic fan, craving for Vivaldi and   Mozart. And I bought three &quot;Songs from A Secret Garden', just in three  days. To me, that is the first time I bought so many of a title in that  short a time. It means,THIS MUSIC MEANS A LOT TO ME NOW. I now deeply  regret I have not taken more violin lessons....
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie, if viewed from a completely sociological point of view, will give you a whole new perspective of the way you view things.  Since seeing this movie for the first time, I have picked every detail of this apart  numerous times (and have spent a large majority of money doing it).  The  whole premise of a world where all of our thoughts and actions are lies is  one that isn't too far from the truth.  Maybe we are all really stuck in  the Matrix, and this is the undergrounds attempt at contact of the masses.   No one can KNOW what the Matrix is, they have to see it for themselves...   Words to live by.  If it comes down to this movie and that &quot;Star  Wars&quot; movie, play frisby with the Phantom Menace, it does the world  more justice.
B000002BYD|1.0|Grunge is dead. Period. Nirvana died with Kurt Cobain. Soundgarden broke-up and Chris Cornell can't make music on his own. Scott Weiland is holding Stone Temple Pilots back with his drug problems, and dumb old Pearl  Jam is still trying to make music. What a laugh. The other night on the  VH1's Rock Show, they said while Nirvana and Soundgarden were gone, PJ is  still around to make music. Wrong! While Nirvana died and Soundgarden   broke-up, Pearl Jam sold-out. Ten was excellent. Vs., superb. Vitology,  so-so. No Code,terrible! Yield is only a little bit better. But a bad  single like Last Kiss indicates PJ is gone for good.(Of course Cain of the  Rock Show is so clueless it's sad an otherwise great show for rockfans has  him at the helm.) Eddie Vedder is not the great singer he used to be.PJ  along with Sugar Ray have sold out to play &quot;music&quot; for BS Boys  and N'Sick listening girls. Oh well, there is still MetallicA,KoRn,and Hole  to listen to. They didn't sellout. As for grunge,there's still Alice In  Chains.
6304316267|5.0|Cannonball Run is one of the funniest movies I have ever seen.Burt Reynolds &amp; Dom DeLuise made a great duo not to mention Sammy Davis jr. &amp; Dean Martin throw in a very young &amp; VERY sexy Farrah Fawcett you  get a high speed race for comedy.
B00000K19E|4.0|This movie is good to have for a bunch of people who like plots of that sort.  It has great effects, great surround sound, great interactive program.  It is great for a DVD party, and great surround tester.
630471288X|5.0|Every once in a while does Stephen King hit a home run with a story so real and uplifting, that you realize that he's about more than &quot;things that go bump in the night&quot;.  This story is told so artfully that one  can get so involved that to see it end is bittersweet. You are glad to see  such storytelling is possible, and sad to see it end.
B00000J2PH|5.0|From a somewhat peaceful yet tender rendition of &quot;So Far Away&quot; through the subtle emotion behind &quot;Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow?&quot; to the rock style of &quot;I Feel The Earth Move,&quot;  every song on this album is exceptional.  Carole King has written some of  the best music available, and with her singing her own material, she brings  a certain uniqueness to the message.  Often recorded by stars such as  Aretha Franklin and Roberta Flack, Carole King is the only one who knows  what she wanted to say with her music.  Singing her own songs gives her the  chance to emote the messages, no matter how subtle, no matter how direct,  to the listener.  Listening to this album time and time again, one gets a  better sense of what she was striving for with the music, and I think all  who listen to this album will agree that she accomplishes it with  grace.<br />Carole King's Tapestry is definitely one of those albums you come  back to time and time again, no matter how varied your musical styles may  become.  I recommend this CD to anyone who even has a faint interest in her  or her vocal stylings.  You will not be disappointed!
B00000G6K8|5.0|This is a revelation and a delight. Listening to the soft voice of the singer and the unusual instruments makes you feel absolutely timeless and relaxed. The music borders on magical, it's got a fairytale feel to it. If  you like enigmatic music with a bit of a twist, this is definitely for you.
0790740443|2.0|Well after watching a wonderfully violent, strangely poetic ending I found myself liking this film alot more than I did the first hour into it. They try to make us like the main character who has no personality and they try  to make us care for the community he falls into, but the film is so full of  cliches and poor characterization that the first hour meanders and the  ending though fun and exciting , a bit more hollow than I'd like.
6303674984|5.0|I am the proud owner of both editions of Gettysburg, the theatrical release and most recently the Collector's Edition.  My honest opinion?  Though the collector's edition did explain things a few things a little  better, most of the cut scenes I found unecessary and a bit cumbersome, but  if you don't know any background on the characters or the battle, it could  be quite helpful.  I adore this movie.  I must have seen it at least 15  times.  Its epic-like drama is emotional, real and passionate.  My sister  who deplores any and all types of war movies loves this movie.  She was  stunned at how very good it was.  It is a human movie.  It does the best, I  think, in showing the agony of the &quot;brother against brother&quot;  aspect of the war.  All in all, I highly recommend it.
B000001I0Q|4.0|This is Stiv Bators formerly of the Dead Boys, Brian James formerly of the Damned and (if my memory serves me correctly) Kermit formerly of Sham 69.<br />Unsurprisingly therefore it is a punk album pure and simple; they may have flirted with a little goth imagery but that is as far as it goes.<BR>-------<BR>For those of you who have sought to make helpful comments about the above comments since I first posted them - thank you, yes, I do know Goth wasn't all ethereal crooning; I actually lived 'through the whole era so I do have a vague idea what I'm talking about - and I really wouldn't describe Bauhaus, Sisters Of Mercy or Fields Of The Nephilim as &quot;ethereal crooning&quot;, would you?<br />As for &quot;the first punks to grow up&quot;, I hardly know where to begin with that gem.... The Lords weren't even formed until 1981 (as it happens I witnessed their first ever incarnation as The DamneDeadShamBand at The Clarendon, London) by which time the whole &quot;Post Punk&quot; movement had erupted. Never heard of Echo &amp; The Bunnymen? The Fall? Gang Of Four? Joy Division? Magazine? The Pop Group? Public Image Limited? Siouxsie &amp; The Banshees? Suicide? The Slits? Talking Heads? Teardrop Explodes? Wire? XTC? How about (perhaps most tellingly of all in this context) some of Stiv Bators' former band-mates PERE UBU???
0606005919|1.0|When I was in middle school, I read Steinbeck voraciously. I cried at the end of Of Mice And Men to the point of total embarrasement. I blinked hard at The Pearl and wanted a Red Pony. Little did I know, that ten years later  I would pick up East of Eden and discover (to my shock!) that Steibeck,  though a good story teller, was a terrible writer. Lord knows intelligent  people will disagree with me on this one, but I found East of Eden to be  trite, oversimplified, and downright silly at about every turn. I'm sorry  to say that my Steinbeck days are now officially behind me.
0385493800|5.0|Grisham strikes chords loudly in this engrossing novel that many contemporary novelists would not be caught dead humming! What does it mean to fail? How can success and money be separated? Is there such a thing as  redemption, and if so, how is it achieved? Does God have a place in today's  society? The Testament inspired me to reach out more to those whose souls  seem hopelessly compromised. That Rachael could find something worthwhile  in Nate gave me more hope for myself.
B00000IPAX|5.0|i love this cd so much it is one of the coolest bands in the world, i love them!! i like whats my age again, and i like all the small things!! they are so cool and funny too!!
6300184536|4.0|Baltar busts out of the prison ship with a little help from his friends. Lorne Greene's character gets hassled by the civilian government who want to make nice with the bad guys. This episode is wonderfully acted by John  Colicos, who plays Baltar as so mean and oily, its a pleasure to watch the  bad guy make our heroes lives unpleasant! This is well-paced adventure that  the whole family can watch and enjoy...its not a heavy effects episode, but  with the story going from plot twists to jokes to action and back again,  you wont mind!
B000002UJQ|5.0|If James Heatfield loves it,u going to love that too.It has the sounds of another planet and it's going to take u there as well.  But don't listen to it if u feel suicidal!!!
0375701427|5.0|Philip Roth has a rare quality: no matter how well his books are written, no matter the subject, he always manages to make you care for his characters, so that even the most mundane stories become heart-wrenching  reads. The story of the Swede is no exception. It made me laugh and cringe,  feel sad and elated, and it stunned me at how precisely the workings of the  human soul can be rendered in words.
B000002OX3|5.0|For anyone familiar with the evolution of the Who as a struggling band in the 60's, in England, then this is an album that should not go unnoticed.  Though there are some cheesy songs within the cuts of this  album,(songwriting credits are given to all band members on several  cuts-unlike the usually Townshend helmed songs of The Who), there is  greatness to be found.  &quot;A Quick One...,&quot; is truly one of the  great, unappreciated &quot;Opera's,&quot; of our time.  Townshend really  has his first chance to stretch his wings and fly as a songwriter and as  one of the great rock innovators ever.  Anyone who is a fan of The Who and  a fan of Townshend, not familiar with this album must buy it.  As a long  time Who fan myself, I can still never listen to this one enough.
B00000K19E|5.0|Those Wachowski brothers are good.  This movie is fantastic!  The casting (even Keanu, who is terrible in all other movies) seems to be perfect.  I really cannot see other actors in these roles.  The actually premise of the  movie (humans as batteries for machines) was completely original.  They did  a fantastic job of mixing cyber-punk, Hong Kong and anime styles.  This is  the movie to bring Hollywood into the next century.  Sorry, George.   Jar-Jar did not cut it.
B000001ELR|5.0|When It was the 80's I always thought that Metallica-Master of puppets, Ozzy Osbourne-Ultimate Sin, Iron maiden-Somewhere in time, Guns N' Roses-Appetite and ACDC-Back in Black were the best metal albums. But now  listening to creatures of the night in the 90's, I regret not thinking the  same about it. This is metal at its best. If you really pay attention to  War machine and the title song, you can Hear a little Ozzy sound, Metallica  sound, and especially in War machine you can hear Danzig sounds. I think Kiss was an influence on some of these bands.  If not, it sure sounds like it. Eric Carr kicks!!!!
B0000047D5|5.0|le meilleur du meilleur, meme mon papa l'ecoute encore au paradis..
B00000K2SC|5.0|Matrix is one of the greatest sci-fi action movies. Its special effect is so amazing that my eye balls  were almost poped out. You may not understand its background and story at first. However, you'll understand what is  &quot;MATRIX&quot; when you watch this movie over and over.  &quot;Matrix&quot; is worth to purchase as DVD. You won't regret.
B00000ILE6|5.0|This movie is so awesome! It is the highlight of the series and the special edition expands on the sheer amazingness of the film! It has the best of everything: Action, characters(Especially Corporal Hicks), weapons,  excitement, story, ETC.!!!!! Go see it...NOW!!!!
6301442962|2.0|I did not like this movie because its theme is that you should believe in Santa Claus and everything will work out.<br />THERE IS NO SANTA CLAUS!!!<br />I much preferred &quot;It's a wonderful life&quot; because there it shows the  value of a human being's life and what you can contribute to the world,  instead of relying on a mythical santa.<br />Note that I am not running down  spirituality. God is real, and people can get real strength from Him, but  telling your kids Santa is real is lying.<br />Yes, yes, I know this is just a  movie, and you're not expected to believe it. But the whole culture of  lying to kids that Santa is real is just reinforced by it.
0780624890|5.0|This is movie is so excellent.  I borrowed it for two days and watched it three times. Snipes (Blade) looks so cool in his black suit and he has also got a really cool gun and sun glasses.  This might be because black is my  favourite colour.  Maybe the vampires wasn't such an excellent idea but I  would not say that they were like really bad.  The effects were so cool  ,just like The Matrix except maybe not so excellent.  Get the DVD which has  got loads of extra cool features.
6303014100|5.0|Now that the extended family is virtually extinct, films like Gettysburg can fill the void left by vanished oral tradtion in the South. I learned about the War Between the States from my great grandmother and grandmother.  My own children don't live close enough to their grandparents to see them  more than a few days a year. How then, to convey to them the richness of  their Southern heritage in todays sterile, video game environment.  Gettysburg is a good tool for doing so. It is a measured, even handed  approach to the history of the war itself , as well as the battle.  The  film does not demonize the South or Southerns, and makes the point that  slavery was not of paramount importance to the common soldiers of either  side. It shows the courage and heroism of the soldiers who fought this war,  and enhances the natural pride Southerns feel in their ancestors. At a time  when national education standards are clearly promulgated to obviate any  sense of regional heritage, and to teach the young only a government  approved version of history, a film like Gettysburg is priceless. Your  money will be well spent.
B000008M54|5.0|This is one CD I just never get tired of.  The variety and spirit of the music is so good to hear - it just grows &amp; grows on you.<br />FYI to compare with my tastes: other groups I like are UB40, Talking Heads, Till  Tuesday, Violent Femmes, Bob Marley, Black Uhuru, Tom Waits, Deep Forest,  Mighty Mighty Bosstones, The Clash, English Beat, Morphine, The Doors, ...
6305212139|5.0|This video was the best I have ever seen. Everything was 5 stars, but 2 performance went beyond that. &quot;Sisters(are doing it for themselves)&quot; and &quot;viva forever&quot; were like, show stoppers!  WoW.. Emma's solo was a big plus too, she sang the song EXTREMELY well! I  admire all of the Spice Girls for pulling through with out Geri, who i do  miss but i like her solo as well. I SURE hope Melanie C's solo career works  out just as good! :) :fingers crossed:
B000006OS2|2.0|I love this move.  In fact, this is probably my favorite JW movie besides &quot;The Cowboys.&quot;  I hate the DVD transfer!  The quality looks like it was recorded straight from the old film reels without any restoration at  all.  I have seen much beter quality versions on tape and even TV.  If you  really want this DVD, then get it because it is fairly cheap, but remember,  you get what you pay for.
B00000K2SC|3.0|movie has some pretty cool action scenes (awesome kung fu) and special effects, I just thought the story could have been written a little better. Rent it BEFORE you buy it!
1563523302|5.0|I loved this book!  It showed how 'average' people can become millionaires.
B00004S8Q9|5.0|I saw them live in 1992 and heard a few of these songs, but having them on CD now is GREAT.  Badlands has achieved perfecion once again.  Lighting  does strike 3 times. AWSOME.
0394721144|5.0|I became interested in cooking when I moved out of the dorm in 1970.  The quest for good food led to a life-long passion for honest good food.  The French approach eating with a sincereity Americans lack.  Julia has been  able to present classic French Cuisine to generations of Americans.  This  set of two volumes contains the essence of French cooking that will serve  as a foundation to wherever one travels on the food road.  Mine is almost  disentegrating from years of loving use, and I am replacing one for the  library, but plan to continue to use my dog-eared friend!
B00000JG41|5.0|Anyone who gives this album a low rating obviously doesn't know what their talking about and probably just had an ulcer. Mr. bungle rulz no matter what they do. I don't know about those 1- star people, but I choose to  stick with the best.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is by far one of best movies that Keanu Reeves has ever made.  I think that the special effects were great.  I could watch this movie over and over and I believe that any other viewer would agree with me.
B000002AGN|5.0|The 5/4 on &quot;Take Five&quot; baffles, soothes, and delights on a level usually reserved for watching puppies and the springtime. It makes me happy in a primal kind of way.
B000002KCI|5.0|This is one hell of an album, one of my personal favourites.  Neil and the Horse get back on track with beautiful, simple, guitar based rock songs. Barstool Blues is legendary. Rumour has it that the band went on a heavy  drinking spree and awoke the next morning to find this song recorded - with  Neil singing at an octave higher than normal. I don't know if this is true  or not, but it's a cool rumour! There is not one bad song, the meandering  lead of Dangerbird, the melodic Pardon my Heart, the upbeat Stupid Girl and  the has-to-be-mentioned Cortez the Killer. This is a fantastic song and an  absolute classic.  The slow dreamy intro lasts over a third of the song and  the story goes (again) that Neil got so involved with playing the riff that  he forgot to sing. It too may not be true but I could understand it if it  were. This album is a signifcant must have for any true Neiler  collection.  Buy it!
B000002C4C|1.0|You've got to be kidding.  Reading over the other reviews, I can't believe how many people enjoy whiny, girlie music.  This woman has NO TALENT and is only where she is because of her ability to hook up with powerful MEN in  high positions (Tommy Mottola, Puff Daddy, etc.)  I don't really know where  Derek Jeter fit in.  Anyway, the music, if you can call it that, is like  noise pollution.  Absolutely wretched.  I just heard her cover of Diana  Ross's (a REAL talent) &quot;Do You Know&quot; and it made me nauseous.
B000002JSP|5.0|I find it interesting that some comments here suggest that you should only buy this if you are a die-hard zeppelin fan. Indeed, I was not a zep fan until I heard this record. This finally proved to me that they had far more  musical depth than I gave them credit for. Subsequently, I have enjoyed the  many superb highlights I had missed from their earlier works, but this for  me remains their single greatest effort.
B00000K19E|5.0|in the words of Neo (keanu reeves):&quot;whoa&quot;
6304057709|4.0|I really did love this movie, but they could at least have followed the book a little more closely. First of all, there are only two sisters, Elinor and Marianne--sense and sensibility.  There is not a third sister.   Secondly, Lucy has a sister; the sister always plays second to her, but she  is part of the story.  Thirdly, when Marianne is critically ill, Mr.  Willoughby comes to see her, not knowing she's sick.  Elinor talks to him,  but doesn't let him see Marianne.  Mr. Willoughby wants Marianne to know  that he really does love her, and it wasn't his idea to write such an  unkind letter--his new wife forced him to do it.  And finally, the girls'  mother is supposed to be the strongest character.  She isn't a wimp, as  this version portrays her.  Elinor is not always taking control of the  budget, and she isn't the only sensible one in the family.  Their mother is  strong, practical, and entirely sensible.  This is the one thing that  irritated me more than anything else about the movie.  However, this  version did make up for most of its faults with its beautifully talented  cast and its overall cheerful atmosphere.  The music is wonderful and the  costumes and setting are perfect.  Mostly, I enjoyed it immensely!
B00000K19E|4.0|Some real neat individual scenes (like stopping bullets in mid air) and a few interesting insights make for a very entertaining film but do not in my opinion put this in the same category of scc-fi thriller as The Terminator  1 (not 2), Blade Runner and Alien.  Compared to thos movies The Matrix  seems more like a collection of entertaining individual clips rather than a  tight coherent story. But all in all worth seeing because those other  movies only come along about every 7 years or so.
B00000K19E|5.0|An exhilerating action flick with adrenaline-pumping kung fu choreography. A tribute to late 90's special effects and CGI. And most importantly, a thought-provoking plot full of unprecedented premises, with an underlying  message for everyone to live by: if we believe in ourselves, we are all The  One.
0694003611|4.0|After perchasing several different books for my now 8 month old daughter.  I have found the one she loves the most, Good Night Moon.  I started reading to her right after birth, but at 5 months I could tell if she was  enjoying it or not.  It wasn't until I started reading Good Night Moon,  that she became very interested and facinated by the pictures.  It is the  first book she has really become interested in, with the other books she  just gets restless and usually knocks the book off my hands, which tells me  she is not ready for them, although they are recommended for the same age  group.  Every night before I put her to bed I read her this lovely book.
B00001MXWX|5.0|First of all let me begin by saying that if you are looking for a grand, epic, larger-than-life, high adventure space-drama, then this is not the movie to see. If you're looking for an entertaining science fiction movie  featuring both romance and humor, then this is the one to see. As a Star  Trek: NG fan, I persuaded friends and family to go and see it with me.  Everyone loved it.<br />It has comedy: the tongue-in-cheek moments with Data,  Worf going through puberty, and the interplay among the characters. The  funniest Star Trek by far.<br />It has romance: Picard and the mysterious  woman he meets and Riker and Troi finally get together! What more could you  ask for?<br />It does have a slow pace at the beginning (like that of a TV  episode) but again you shouldn't be expecting a grand space-drama. Every  scene will affect you in some way. It will make you laugh, touch your heart  (I.e. - When Geordi sees his first sunrise.), or leave you wondering about  the mysterious, fountain-of-youth planet and the aliens who want to destroy  it. The drama slowly builds and the mystery slowly reveals itself until it  escalates into a very satisfying ending. Add in great special effects and  superb acting all around, and this a great movie. A movie everyone can  enjoy.
630471288X|5.0|I have seen thousands of movies, all of varying sorts, and this is hands down the very best.  Anyone that enjoys movies should have this in their collection, period.  I can't wait for the DVD.
6303212379|5.0|No, actually the kid who played Data isn't on ER.  That guy is from &quot;Sixteen Candles.&quot;  Remember Long Duck Dong?  THAT'S him.
1853260002|5.0|I've lost count of how many times I've read this book.  I keep it permanently on my nightshelf and will often just read a few pages whenever I feel overwhelmed by uncivilised people (like after my evening commute  sometimes...).  It's a tonic against stupidity.  I also recommend the  A&amp;E video production.  So well cast &amp; produced you are able to  focus on the story &amp; not be distracted by production issues (e.g.  &quot;THAT's different from the book...&quot;).  My ultimate test for the  relevance of a story is how many lines I plagiarize from it to use in  normal conversation, and this story has some classics.  My favorite is  &quot;I am most seriously displeased.&quot;<br />My husband has a new  cliche: &quot;what's better than one wedding at the end of a jane austen  story?  TWO weddings at the end of a jane austen story.&quot;  as another  reviewer noted, it's not the destination that delights, it's the journey  along the way.  these characters will keep you in good company and refresh  your optimism in the potential of the human race.
0393039765|4.0|A wonderful book - but pretty unnerving to read in these post-Columbine times.  Palahniuk is obviously a very gifted writer.  He gives us all this amazing, surrealistic imagery; palpable rage; a taught, well-crafted story.   I'll definitely see the movie and look forward to future books.  Two  questions for the author, though:  1)  Why the gimmicky ending?  It seemed  totally unnecessary and contrived.  2)  Are you aware that there is no such  thing as a Cadillac Corniche?  Corniche is a Rolls Royce nameplate.  Oh,  yeah, one more thing:  unless I missed something, I believe that the book  was set in Chicago(?)  There would not be a street with an NE in the  address (like NE Paper Street). Also, Meigs Field is for private planes  only.  None of this is meant as criticism - I read EVERY WORD of this book,  and details other than these just seemed so perfect.
B000002ACR|5.0|It's 1967, and the Byrds are in the process of breaking up. Bands under tension either produce their best or their worst album. In this case it's become an absolute winner. Unfortunately overshadowed by the Beatles' Sgt  Pepper, it's also one of the most underrated albums of 1967. What else can  I say? Essential. Timeless. Buy it.
B00000J7J4|5.0|SANTANA IS JUST GOOD! ALL THE SONGS EXCEPT LAUREN HILL'S ARE GREAT I JUST WOULD LIKE TO KNOW HOW SHE GET IN THE CD
B00000J2KT|4.0|This movie remains one of a kind ( much like that little war in Viet Nam ) and is an excellent work by Kubrick. Serious movie buffs should boycott the film however until the studio wakes up and presents this film in it's  original aspect ratio.
B00000K19E|5.0|I love this movie even more on DVD
B00000K19E|5.0|When I saw this in the theatre, I found I was hardly able to breathe through the whole movie.  The plot is fantastic, the action sequences some of the most impressive ever put on film...<br />The DVD only gets better, with  commentary by the director, commentary by the composer, and many short  features on making different parts of The Matrix including a short  documetary on making the &quot;camera rotating around a subject&quot;  efffects that clearly shows how they are done and also does a great job of  explaining the implications of just what such a filming  technique can mean  to a producer.<br />This isn't just the movie to buy a DVD player for.  This  is the movie that will make me buy a second player just in case the first  one breaks down, and prevents me from a moment when I might be without The  Matrix.
B000007T1M|5.0|i heard this music and i thought it is great system of a down rules yeahhhhhh
B00000JPH5|5.0|This is one of the best movies ever made. I used to watch Labyrinth when i was three, everyday of my life. And when i heard it was being re-released i almost screamed.     I used to envy Sarah so much and wish that i could be  sucked into the movie to hang out with Jareth.
B000009QPE|4.0|Hmm...Korn as a band with PASSION!?!?!  WTF!?!  Well, I guess musicians who take endorsements from Puma and drive their own souped-up BMWs and get their clothes for free can still fool mindless fans.<br />&quot;Reign in  Blood&quot; is a snapshot of a band at its meanest and hungriest.  No  million dollar contracts.  No endorsements.  Just pure, primal RAGE!!!
6304666799|5.0|Matthew Bourne is an absolute genius in reimagining the classic story of Swan Lake.  He is absolutely faithful to the original storyline, but gives it an imaginative twist that casts new light on the basic plot.  I saw this  on stage in London and Los Angeles; the video captures the performance very  well.  You'll be startled at how this version of the story and the artful  choreography give a dynamism and thrust to the score that traditional  versions can't approach.
6305428050|5.0|By the comedy standards of today - this is genius, this is magic, this is all that film needs to be. Ok Leonard Maltin - it is not Gone With the Wind. It was not meant to be. It is charming, fun, and reminds me of my  youth. And I believe it can still appeal to the youth of today, tomorrow  and yesterday. What other movie can feature the line - &quot;Don't ----  with the babysitter&quot; and stay warm in a 20-something's heart? I love  it. Chances are all non-maltins will too.
6304618352|5.0|One of the best movies that deal with the idea that cosmic bonds, being what they are, have linked these two characters in so many different ways that they are, essentially, brothers.  Not many action films take the time  to develop characters, and even less to the extent that Woo has fashioned  here.  Although I would say that the Christ-figure imagery toward the end  is a bit over the top (a Savior without a Rome to contend with and without  a band of disciples to die for), this is still a great action film - a  MUST-SEE!
B00000JPH5|5.0|This movie has got to be the best movie of all-time.  Who couldn't like this movie?  It has cool characters, a great plot, and good music.  I let a friend borrow my copy of this movie and I still haven't gotten it back, so  needless to say, I am very happy that it is being re-released.  I can't  wait until I get it.
B00000K501|5.0|After seeing Rammstein this summer I was hooked and excited about the video and it lived up to my expectations. They are so great!! They give a great show for 100,000 people or 2,000 people like when I saw them. I am in  awe of them. They are a complete package band.
0792838912|5.0|What a deep, moving story of two star-crossed lovers.  This is the &quot;Key Largo&quot; of the 1980s.
B00000ICD9|4.0|Vincent Ward, I've discovered is the only director who can actually pull me into a romance movie.  This and Map of the Human Heart actually get me on a pretty primal level.<br />This film is an odd bird though, lots of people  don't like it, claiming its too sappy and that lots of it just doesn't  work.  Ironically many of these same folks actually like Ghost, go  figure.<br />Anyway, the film is very pretty unforgiving I guess, in that you  simply have to accept a certain package of ideas and relationships, and the  film doesn't really reach out to help the audience do so.  Storywise its  Orphius in the Underworld, but that part of the story really is only the  final act.<br />It is a BEAUTIFUL film though and it makes an interesting  trilogy with Ghost, and Somewhere in Time.
6303014100|4.0|I admit that &quot;Gettysburg&quot; is beautiful and a worthwhile addition to the canon.  That said, It is a creature of both Lost Cause and Yankee mythology.  The story of the battle at Gettysburg cannot be told without A.  P. Hill, and he is almost totally absent from this film.  The real battle  was on the Second Day, and we see none of it.  God bless old Virginny, its  hearths and its sweethearts, but this was not their battle and the parts of  it they had, they didn't do very well.  The movie, like the book, is good  entertainment that gives a fairly realistic look at the War for Southern  Independence, but it damn well ain't history.  BTW, I had four ancestors  there - wearing gray.
B00000JY1X|4.0|this is a mindblower -- 69 songs in one shot!  and there's only 4 or 5 duds in the whole bunch, not bad at all.  stephin meritt has raised the bar with this bloated, brilliant, fearless beast of a record....
0920236162|5.0|This book is an excellent example to young womwen around the world.  The message is so clear and evident, &quot;take me how I am or hit the road&quot;.  What a great thing to see in a world obsessed with appearance  and stature.  I hope that all parents get this book and have their children  read it over and over.  Whether you have a young girl or young boy, this  book is perfect to teach them to accept and appreciate people for how they  are.
B000002KL3|5.0|Put this back-to-back with their first and you have two compelling reasons  why Van Halen was, once upon a time, THE capo tutti capo of heavy. Alex Van  Halen and Michael Anthony were the rhythm section supreme on this platter,  and songs like &quot;Everybody Wants Some,&quot; &quot;Romeo Delight&quot;  and &quot;Fools&quot; feature Eddie VH pulling out riffs that other  guitarists only dream of. But you also have ace softer stuff like  &quot;Could This Be Magic?&quot; and &quot;In a Simple Rhyme&quot; where  Roth's horsing around is cheery witout being grating and, once again, Mr.  Ed shines. The last unqualified primo Van Halen album;  it pretty quickly  got down to great, good, ho-hum and godawful with each suceeding effort
0792841344|5.0|I received an advance copy of the new Phantasm DVD from a friend who works in &quot;the trade&quot; and it blew me away. From the opening menu, where the evil Tall Man's hand appears out of the mist holding the deadly sphere,  it rocks. The photo montage they have put together to the eerie theme music  is very compelling.  This disc is loaded with extras. The ones I liked best  were the Dolby Digital 5.1 soundtrack, the funny bits with Angus Scrimm at  the horror convention and in Australia promoting the film, and the behind  the scenes home movies from the making of the film. Of course, the film, in  widescreen version, looks great and in my humble opinion, still stands as  one of the great sci-fi / horror films.
6305627401|5.0|This is a must have for any fan of the TV series, but surprisingly it is a really good movie
0792839846|5.0|I would have to say this is the best movie of all time...  The noir era's crowning achievment if you will...   The first time I saw it, it was on TNT one night, and my vcr screwed up, so i didn't get the last 45 mins on  tape...  I was bummed...  So I rented it, and watched it like 4 times...  I  am going to buy this film along with the soundtrack (because music like  this needs to be in my collection).  Anyway, great movie...  If you haven't  seen it, don't even hesitate to buy it...  It is great for ALL generations  (hell, i'm only 19).
B000002UD0|5.0|John Lennon was not a happy man when he made this album, no matter the attemped bonhomie with buddy Elton on &quot;Whatever Gets You Through The Night.&quot; This is as harrowing an album in it's own way as &quot;Plastic  Ono Band&quot; was in it's own way; the big difference (besides the  expanded sound) was that Lennon was sharp and specific on the latter album,  whereas here he's traveling up blind alleys bumping into, uh, walls and  bridges. &quot;Nobody Loves You (When Your Down And Out)&quot; is  emblematic of someone who felt everything slide right to the bottom with a  bloated thud; &quot;Steel And Glass&quot; is Lennon's dig at himself, a  practically note-for-note crib of &quot;How Do You Sleep,&quot; his earlier  hand grenade lobbed at Paul McCartney. And sweet as they are by contrast,  you never quite buy the country air of &quot;Old Dirt Road&quot; or the  mysticism of &quot;#9 Dream;&quot; there's a core within each where the joy  rings false. A great album, but very painful to listen to in places.
6305076995|5.0|It is obvious that this video was not planned. <br />If you read any yes books they say they came in and just recorded one of our Yesshows. This is it. Yes at their best in 73. <br />They are not trying to impress anyone like  on MTV, they are playing a concert. <br />This movie captures Yes the way they  were before they got real big and started touring Stadiums. A real Treasure  to have. <br />The sound and picture is ok, but it was 1973. Enjoy the moment  for what it was, a Yesshow in 1973. Rob S.
B000002UEB|5.0|This album shows that metal can be smart, complex and mature. The musicianship is first rate without resorting to 80's hair band excesses.
B00000IAU3|5.0|love the first song -here with me- reminds me of last fall and winter and i will not soon forget this voice.  i am totally in awe of her voice and lyrics.  i would give her ten stars if i could.
6305363668|5.0|A classic in every sense of the word. Will be remembered as one of the best science fiction films, along with 2001 and Star Wars; and as one of the best of the decade, along with Raging Bull and Blue Velvet. This  version is amazing: wide screen edition and that unicorn sequence leads to  one of the most ambiguously shocking endings in film (move over Sixth  Sense!). I first saw this film in my High School drama class and have been  a huge PK Dick and Blade Runner fan ever since.
B000002UCQ|4.0|This was George in full bloom.A great effort with consistent songs performed by a super set of musos(ie Badfinger,eric Clapton,Ringo et al)Forget about the crummy instrumentals though!
6303823351|5.0|I liked in the field when swami says, missed,you naughty boys! I liked this movie because of its funny parts, and its characters, like the beatles.
B00000K19E|3.0|As pleased as I was to see Matrix released on DVD I was chagrined to see the trailer was not included as well as the poor menuing system. Compounding all this is a whithering compression ratio - where visual  binary info travels across the screen one cannot fail to notice  artifacting.
B000002KHY|5.0|Way before Backstreet Boys, there was a sensitive crooner named James Taylor, who not only wrote his own masterful lyrics and played his own instruments, but based his career on his ability to transpose his unique  life experiences to the song.  His songs create a sense of peace and  comfort to the listener.  But mostly, his beautiful voice and brilliant  lyrics make you wish back to the time when music had substance and an  actual message to communicate.  Buy this CD!!!!
0767802519|5.0|This film is an absolute masterpiece, and I am amazed that this has never been mentioned for any cinematic awards.  Reno is absolutely brilliant as Leon, and Besson does an excellent job challenging our assumptions about  him as a hit man and turning it into sympathy.  Portman is magic as  Mathilda.  Oldman is right at home in Besson's world.  The camera shots are  so good at times that you will rewind the film to see them again.  Eat this  film up!
B00000JPH5|5.0|I'm so happy that they are finally rereleasing one of my favorate all time movies. Labyrinth is a movie that I've been looking for for many years, in fact I almost bought it used from a video store for $25. It made me a Bowie  fan. This is a movie for all ages, I know this because I love it to death, thank you again for rereleasing it. YOU MOST BUY  THIS MOVIE!
630469654X|4.0|Yes, I just got it from Amazon and saw it on my computer.  DVD disc has 2 side, 1 for widescreen and 1 for normal TV (i.e. my monitor).  It's nice for me who have no money to get a widescreen TV yet :)  As for the plot, it  is good, even though it is kind of 'expected'.  Action is good, too. If you  like medieval / love stories, it is a good pick.
B00001QGIQ|5.0|Pinocchio is a movie with good morals and great animation. The songs are delightful and it's a must for any Disney fan!
0812589041|5.0|Its written in a way anyone can understand, and has a story that will appeal to anyone's imagination.  I read this book about a month ago, and like anything really good, I gotta share the wealth.  Whether you like  space-ships, aliens, or even science fiction, this book will blow your  mind.  I'd recommend it to anyone.
0140277447|5.0|Why would i call it strange? It's because the author, Iris Chang, had written two-sided faces of the Japanese soldiers that we have come to hate them for cruelty but i'm still wondering if these cold-blooded animals have  real emotions underneath that tough exterior. Writing down that they  shivered during killing, makes me laugh as i thought killing was their only  motives/thought and can never believe that a Japanese soldiers actually  feel pity for the Chinese soldiers when they surrended but it can never be  erase away in our mind especially after reading this book, it provide lots  of details of the suffering,tortured,rape and murdered by the Japanese  Army. It is so real that you can actually feel you are on board in the  World War II with Nanking in 1937. I truly believe this is a must read book  for every Japanese who want to know more about the history event and which  i really truly believe the Japanese ought to learn something from this book  but this event should move on as it has been reminded for too long and it  stresses a lot of people especially the survivors but it is going to be the  first and last tragic event ever happen to Asia.
0425170349|4.0|I am a huge fan of Tom Clancy and enjoyed this book. The best thing about it is the development of John Clark's character - I hope we will see the same thing happen with Ding eventually. I would have liked more mention  still of previous characters - interesting how Ryan was never mentioned by  name, yet he would have contacted John about at least some of the personal  things that happen in this story. Still - well worth reading if just for  the fantastically exciting info about counter-terrorism! Some of the  scenarios are really incredibly exciting!
B00000K19E|5.0|Loved the effects and the story was totally cool.  Can't wait to see this baby in my home theatre!  It's going to rock.
B000002L9J|5.0|I still remember listening intently to &quot;Bigmouth Strikes Again&quot; on the radio just before this album was released here in the States. This has some of the Smiths' most powerful songs on it - &quot;I Know It's  Over&quot;, where Morrissey admits defeat at the hands of love and fate,  &quot;The Queen Is Dead&quot;, where Marr shows why he's one of his  generation's best guitarists, &quot;Bigmouth...&quot;, where Morrissey's  self-deprecating lyrics match Marr's driving chords perfectly, and of  course the classic &quot;There Is A Light That Never Goes Out&quot;, which  has an unforgettable melody. This track is the favorite song of a lot of  Smiths fans. &quot;TQID&quot; shows The Smiths at a turning point of sorts,  leaving behind the jangly sound somewhat and mixing in a more glam-rock  influence. &quot;Some Girls Are Bigger...&quot; is also an outstanding  track. This album is already showing up at or near the top of a lot of 100  best albums' lists. It's not surprising, after just a couple of listens  you'll see why. Also: notice the resemblance between the opening riffs on  &quot;Bigmouth...&quot; with Heart's &quot;Crazy On You&quot;?
0790736039|5.0|I collect Stephen King movies... I pretty much have 'em all.  But this movie is number one on my list.  All i watch is horror movies so I know a good one when I see one!!!  Everyone should either buy or rent this  movie... You'll hide under the covers!!!  Highly Recommended
630027179X|5.0|I am a great fan of this movie.  I saw it first as a young kid, and I have been in love with it ever since.  One thing, though, I NEED the SOUNDTRACK!  Anyone with info, please...please...i beg you...price is of little object.  Promise to post info if i find  anything...
0393038912|2.0|I believed the cover blurb about this book, and was sorely disappointed. The only time this book came alive for me was when the author related personal anecdotes from his research and travels. The rest was rather  tedious and boring.
0345350499|4.0|This was the first really long book that I ever read, and it made me want to come back for more.  I have enjoyed all of MZB's books, and I hope that she continues in the vein of Arthurian retelling in the future.
B00000IPAX|3.0|This record's okay, but I was a little let down after I listened to it through. I was expecting some jokes and the various juvenile humor like on all of their other records. Other than that their sound didn't change much  (which is cool) and they dealt with some serious subject matter (suicide)  as well as how girls always let them down. I would recommend this for  anyone who is starting on the punk scene, but not for hardcore fans.
1559211407|5.0|There's not enough I can say about this book.  You can read it in one sitting, but you find yourself coming back to it over and over again.  Do yourself a great favor and get this book--and get it in hardcover because  you will wear the paperback out in no time!
068484267X|5.0|&quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; is quite simply one of the best books I have ever read--it has stayed with me long after I finished it, and it is one of a handful of books I've bothered to read twice.  While a few readers have  utterly missed the point and dismissed McCourt's memoir as &quot;too  depressing&quot; or &quot;repetitive&quot;, he has achieved one of the  goals of great literature: &quot;Angela's Ashes&quot; takes you into a life  and world that is far beyond the imaginings of most readers, and makes it  live and breathe.  Though now in his sixties, he skillfully narrates his  story through the perspective of the child he once was, perfectly conveying  a child's fear, confusion and occasional obliviousness to the bleakness of  his life, his mother's sufferings, and his fathers alcoholic rampages.   Through it all he writes with grace, tenderness, irony, and even humor--  and not a shred of self-pity.  McCourt's childhood was certainly hell, and  the miracle is not that he not only survived it, but did so with his  humanity and compassion intact. The normal pains of an average childhood,  which so many people seem to want to blame for all their adult failures,  pales to insignificance by comparison. You may never look at your own life  in the same way once you have finished it.
B000002B30|4.0|Excellent collection, although I find myself often starting it over once it gets up to &quot;Streets of Philadelphia.&quot;  All the stuff after that just doesn't seem characteristic of what I like best about the Boss.   It's all right, but I put this CD into my player to play pool and drink  beer.  My most major complaint is that he should've ditched some of the  filler at the end and put &quot;I'm On Fire&quot; into the collection.  I  can't believe they skipped that one on a Greatest Hits compilation.  Then  again, it might be a purposeful ploy to get you to go out and buy the  album, &quot;Born in the USA.&quot;
B00000IPAX|5.0|Personally, this album is a part of me.  I've been listening to it over and over again - on my way to and from work everyday - for over three months now.  (I also throw in a funny 80's album with a Blink 182 version  of Billy Idol's &quot;Dancing With Myself&quot; -- Tom hits a high note  with enthusiasm - love it!) I know it's overkill, but I still haven't tired  of these boys yet.  <br />Mr. Mark Hoppus, if you ever read this review, you  and I are the same age, and just when I thought I was doomed to a life of  blah, you and your buds came along and have made me feel like a kid again.   No wonder I'm not sick of you yet; who wants childhood to end?  Thanks so  much!
B000001DYD|5.0|I had this cd for about four years before I really gave it a chance.  I have every other PJH cd and love them all, but it took me forever to appreciate Rid of Me for what it is.  I think I was initially turned off by  the album's abrasive style, but I now max out the volume every time I put  Rid of Me on my car stereo.  I think Albini gets a lot of crap for  smothering PJ's vocals, but 4-Track Demos more than makes up for that  disparity.  I can't get enough of 50 Ft. Queenie, Missed, Ecstasy, and Dry.   And, I don't care what anyone says:  Yuri-G is the best PJH song ever.  I  really recommend this cd to those who appreciate PJ's harder side.
B000005H40|5.0|Es un disco perfecto, con todos los momentos y con un exagerado virtuosismo
0316743003|4.0|You've seen the Skunk Works' aircraft on the Discovery Channel.  Now you have the whole story - or at least as much as one of the foremost authorities on the subject is willing and able to tell you.  &quot;Skunk  Works&quot; is a great read, written by a man with intimate knowledge of  one of the most fascinating periods in American aviation and its role in  the diplomatic intrigue of the Cold War era.  Just as compelling as the  subject matter is Ben R. Rich and Leo Janos' ability to communicate  unimaginable engineering problems in a manner that makes you feel like you  really understand what they are talking about.  Not likely for most of us,  but it's great fun along the way.
6300183971|5.0|Like a fine wine this film has aged very well.  While viewing it, you would never guess it was made in 1984.  Dune is filled with impressive and futuristic images in an artsy fartsy kind of way. Yes the plot is beyond  complicated, as most of David Lynch's movies usually are, but the  characters carry the weight of the complex nature of this film and turn it  into a highly fascinating look at the year 10,000, chock full o' worms!   The whole plot centers around &quot;the spice&quot; and how it is an  essential part of everyone's &quot;diet&quot; so to speak. The spice must  flow afterall and the evil forces are out to control all spice production.   In the processs, the worms are being aggrevated and we can't have that!   One thing leads to another, the good guys win, the bad guys die and are  overthrown and guy gets girl, guy has self-realization, guy rides big worm across the desert, the end.  You know, your everyday run of the mill  type movie.<br />If you have enough patience to make it through to the end,  you will feel like you have made this mystical journey with Paul Atreides,  in his world, on his terms.  Or you will feel overwhelmed and exhausted and  scream out &quot;GET OUT OF MY MIND!&quot;.
B00000K19E|5.0|When I saw the advertising trailers in the tv channels I thought..&quot;A stupid action movie again&quot; But when EVERY friend of mine told that this cyber buddha story is a must see, the best movie of the 90s, I went,  and it was extremely exciting, serius, spectacular. I suppose to have one,  because I saw it 5 times, and the movie tickets are expensive! :)
B00000JPH5|5.0|This movie had a good story line. cute music lyrics.   and great actin
B00000JGOH|4.0|&quot;Shakespeare in Love&quot; is the second of Tom Stoppard's Shakespearean whimsies to hit the screen, after &quot;Rosencranz and Gildenstern are Dead.&quot;  Like &quot;R &amp; G&quot;, &quot;Shakespeare  in Love&quot; imagines circumstances that cannot really be inferred from  any history or text by Shakespeare himself--this time, the life of  Shakespeare rather than his minor characters.  While the older film was  essentially an elaborate stunt that was amusing and interesting to a  certain extent--essentially a stage play trapped on film--this one is  highly cinematic, full of eye-candy costumes and recreations of Elizebethan  England.  The story is resolutely unrealistic, but that's not the point,  anyway: The point is the passionate romance between Shakespeare and a  fictional heiress who dresses in drag to act in the premier production of  what will eventually be &quot;Romeo &amp; Juliet.&quot;  That romance is  very sexy--there may not be two more beautiful people on this planet than  Gweneth Paltrow and Joseph Finnes--and earnest, but the best parts of the  movie are firmly tongue-in-cheek: Shakespeare's distress at the death of  rival Christopher Marlowe, Ben Affleck's performance as a preening prima  donna actor (a sly satire of many of his arrogant peers), and best of all,  Geoffrey Rush's hysterical performance as a conniving theatre owner whose  sole asset is a playwright (Shakespeare) whose name sells tickets like few  others.  The leads could be better--Paltrow is steady and sexy as  Shakespeare's love but there is nothing remarkable about her performance,  and Finnes is beautiful but unconvincing as the hard-drinking, hard-loving  genius Shakespeare--but they're adequate for this stylistic comedy.
B00000JPH5|5.0|This movie had a good story line. cute music and lyrics. and great acting. everyone in our family really enjoyed seeing it. all the charecters were so good. my favorite was Milo, he was so adorable...WHAT A MOVIE.    I GAVE IT  5 THUMBS UP!!!!
6305358613|5.0|This is a deeply atmospheric production, haunted by colors--blacks and reds and oranges, the colors of fire and earth.  Blanchett is magnificent--far better than her competitors for the Oscar last year--and  Sir Richard Attenborough gives a fine performance.  On DVD, the vividness  of the film's detail is clear, if diminished by the smaller television  screen (as all films are).  Joseph Finnes is, as usual, beautiful but  innefectual, but his performance is my only (admittedly minor) quibble with  this powerful film.
0380715430|3.0|As many other reviews have noted, while this book is very interesting, it does have some questionable information.  Having lived in the South mu whole life, I have never heard anyone refer to a &quot;grocery bag&quot; as  a tote.  A tote bag is a sack that one brings in to be filled and then take  home, but his suggestion that New England calls it a &quot;sack&quot;  doesn't seem right.  Other than other questionable &quot;setreotypes&quot;,  I really enjoyed the books.
0425170349|1.0|Yuck. Double yuck. And a big yawn. Biggest problems were: (a) too long by at least 40%; (b) characters didn't keep you engaged, except perhaps for Popov; (c) Tom's political views were way too evident; (d) did I say it was  too long? Found myself skimming the last half. Much of it seems to be  meaningless filler - like he had a page count he was shooting for, and  that's further reflected in how incredibly fast the ending was wrapped up;  (e) good guys are perfect, bad guys are idiots, how's that for a recipe for  boredom. Basically, just an overall bad book. Doubly tragic because he  _can_ be a very good writer when he wants to be. Do yourself the favor - go  reread Hunt for Red October before picking this one up.
B00000K19E|1.0|I rented this at two different video stores,and I coudn't play it! I got zero picture and sound! I don't think it's my dvd player,because I put in a different dvd,and the disc worked fine. Did  anyone else have this problem?  Are all initial copies of this dvd defective,or what?
6302453356|4.0|This is a wonderful movie.  The grandchildren &amp; I watched it again &amp; again.  It brought out the kid in me.  I will watch it again with my 3&amp; 4yr. old grand-sons.  It is a magical movie.
6304510861|4.0|I like this movie because it moves and speaks from inside the mind of a murderer.  This guy Fred is messed up and so is the movie.  I think the movie could have been better made and so could have Fred's character.   Instead of portraying different characters in the movie as different  emotions of Fred maybe the audience could have seen the actual agony of  this murderer more objectively.  The way a &quot;normal&quot; person see it  in real life.  I don't think the &quot;see it from my point of view&quot;  scenario worked here.  Too bad too 'cause Lynch is good and was good at  that in Elephant Man - a much better flick than this.  All in all this  movie was far better than the garbage we see on many a Saturday night  though.  Lookin' forward to the Straight Story from Lynch in a few weeks.
B00000JPH5|5.0|This movie is one of the greatest movies ever made. I just can't say enough about it. This a must see for everyone!!!!
6305079811|4.0|This has to be one of the silliest, over-the-top, campest films of all time....but then wasn't the Flash Gordon serial? Just try turning this off once you start watching it!<br />Sam Jones (as plastic as a Ken doll) is great  as Flash Gordon - football star turned space superhero. Max Von Sydow  literally oozes evil out of every pore as Ming The Merciless. But as far as  I'm concerned, it's Ornella Muti as Princess Aura who steals the show. She  literally slinks through every frame like a sex-starved she-devil in the  most amazingly foxy costumes I have ever seen.<br />Watch out for Timothy  Dalton as Prince Baron, the fabulous Brian Blessed and a cameo appearance  from Richard O'Brien (Riff Raff in The Rocky Horror Picture  Show).<br />&quot;Flash Gordon&quot; is great fun - a definite must-have for  your DVD library. Amazingly, this movie has improved with age. It now has  crystal clear images and great Digital Surround Sound.<br />OK, so the sets  and special effects are cheesey by today's standards, but this is sheer  escapist fun from go to whoa. It's worth the price just to see the  glittering costumes, amazing set designs and to listen to the great  soundtrack by Queen.
B00000DLUV|5.0|This was actually the first CD I've purchased in some time and must admit the Bee Gees definitely still have it after all these years.  I think people forget how large these guys were in the 70's and early 80's.  The  only song I have to skip is &quot;Grease&quot; but everything else seems  pretty close to perfect.  My 3 and 5 year old children insist I play side  one every time we get into my car.  Their favorite song is New York Mining  Disaster 1941.  I also saw this concert on PBS and couldn't turn it off.   An under appreciated band for sure.
B00000AFWW|2.0|I wish this record was a 'follow up' to Live Through This..but it wasnt... It was a culmination of what Cortney Love has become...and that's not what fueled her good songs...not at all. Having Billy write some songs..helps,  but Courtney  cant cut with songs like these.
6305546797|5.0|Halloween is one of the greatest films of all time.  A must see for any type of movie fan.  i recently bought this edition because i am also a very big fan and i must say that it is superb.  The picture and sound are  crystal clear and the extras such as the trailers and radio spots are  awsome.  It also has a really cool introductory computer animation.  The  documentory is also very well done with terrific editing and a lot of  information about the film.  This edition is a must buy for any horror fan.  i strongly suggest you order it soon because with it limited to only  30,000 units it wont be around for much longer.
0609603086|5.0|My first read of Ken Follett, and I was not disappointed. The storyline here is great and very plausible in today's world. The novel will and should make a great movie. The main characters are well-developed and easy  to both love &amp; hate.
0385493800|1.0|This book is very disappointing, and not merely because a multibillionaire apparently in good health, not having a brain tumor, kills himself.  That was only one problem for me, and not the most serious, in a story populated  by too many one-dimensional descendants, all bad, which could lead one to  question whether their problem is not genetic.  Worse, and a real sin for a  novel, the plot drags as slowly as the boat Nate takes thru the Brazilian  swamp. I am having trouble getting  through the book.
630469797X|3.0|buy the cheaper, original dawn of the dead! director's cut?---bull!
B00000IP4H|4.0|What can I say, this album rips !!!!!!! Demonic is a perfect title for this album because it sounds Demonic. It might be hard to swallow at first but belive me, it grows on you like cancer. I think this album scared off  some Testament fans cause of the way Chuck Billy sings on it. Most of the  album his voice sounds like death metal but the funny thing is that it  works, it sounds great. Highlites for me on this album are the opening  track &quot;Demonic Refusal&quot; &quot;Burning Times&quot; &quot;John  Doe&quot; and &quot;Hatdreds Rise&quot;. I you like metal and Testament,  don't let this one pass you by. One more thing,if you want to pick up an  even better album, get their next album &quot;The Gathering&quot; it's a  classic !!!!!!!     D.  N.  R.  !!!!!!!!!!
B00001QEE9|5.0|simply if you really want to be touched at the heart watch this movi
0375707972|4.0|This is one of those books of which you either like it or not. Maybe is not an option. Great book overall!
6301797906|5.0|I may be a bit biased, because I read the book just prior to watching the film, but the book is better.<br />The film is VERY faithful to the book, with much of the dialogue having been directly extracted. But, there is no way  the movie could have contained the detail, historical background, local  color and just sheer brilliant descriptions that can be captured in a  600-page book.<br />Outstanding performances: Fonda in a performance generally  regarded as one of his best; Jane Darwell, as Ma Joad, evolves as the story  progresses and provides the continuity among the disintegration of the  other characters; John Carridine, as Jim Casy, gives, for me, the best  performance among the great cast, and perhaps captures his character's  importance to the story even more fully than in the book.<br />A previous  review mentions the Depression-era photography of Dorothea Lange. I  recently bought a number of her collections (from Amazon, of course) and it  is indeed striking how frequently during the movie I saw the resemblance.  This connection really enhanced the overall mood, that is, the despair and  the unbelievably bad living conditions.<br />Read the book...then see the  movie, perhaps the best literary/cinematic pairing ever.
9681501225|5.0|if you think this is great, read steppenwolf
6305308659|5.0|This DVD is packed full of behind the scenes info as well as 2 running commentaries. The film itself is a rare glimpse inside the mind of a genius. It was too bad is was ignored by the Academy in the visual effects  category as well as the acting and Best Picture categories. Joan Allen  gives a heart felt performance that let's us watch her  &quot;re-birth&quot;. The late J.T. Walsh shows us again what a character  actor should be, one who fits in  to any role anywhere, and convinces us  that he's been there all along and we are seeing him for the first time.  Tobey Maguire brings an enthusiasium that is all but missing in today's  young actors. Superb performances all around. This is one you can watch  over and over, and will want to!
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie combines sci-fi with an action adventure.  With some of the best special effects that I have ever seen, you will be left dumb-founded and sitting on a curb after you view this masterpiece.  A marvelous movie,  and instant favorite among college students (the people that keep Hollywood  in business).
0887306713|5.0|Big hairy audacious goals! BHAG has finally become a buzz-word in business today. Slywotsky, Gates and other all use it now. Built to last is one of those business books founded on solid research. I'm particularly impressed  with their research methodology and choices of control groups. Insights are  hard to apply though in the real world. Still, great reading for managers.  The other comparable book I have read is The PIMS Principle.
B00000I14Z|5.0|I am extreamly disappointed that this album didn't make your essentials list.  This is simply Mingus at his finest, both in his composition and his bass playing.  Anyone who wishes to truly see what the bebop era was all  about MUST purchase this masterpiece
B000002KAT|5.0|This album is unlike anything else ever recorded.  It's unorthodox, uncompromising and unforgettable.  Van had finally freed himself of the creative stifling he'd had with Them and his recordings with Bang.  One  gets the feeling that this was a rare event: a chance intersection of a  young artist reeling in inspiration allowed to work with a group of  seasoned musical veterans who knew how to bring that inspiration to its  fruition.  Subsequently, Van was able to successfully achieve a unique  jazz/folk sound highlighted by stream-of-consciousness lyrics with  potent  word-images.  The lyrics rarely come close to making sense but always move  the listener, tickling their mind.  The emotion conveyed by Van's vocals is  strong.  We feel a rebirth when Van sings &quot;It's easy to be born  again&quot;.  We feel comforted when Van sings &quot;I'll stand beside  you&quot; and we feel in love when he sings &quot;(we)dreamed of the way  that I was for you and you were for me...&quot; And we finish off the song  cycle feeling the depth of despair when Van intones &quot;I know you're  dying/And I know that you know it too/Everytime I see you/I just don't know  what to do...&quot;  In a few seconds of song he accomplishes what it took  him 9 minutes to do on the Bang recording's &quot;T.B. Sheets&quot;.  I  don't know if I'd call it the greatest album ever or the most influential  album ever, but for me it stands as the most magical album ever as well as  the greatest example of the pure artistic talent of Van Morrison.
6301969251|5.0|&quot;The Greatest Story Ever Told&quot; is the best film I have ever seen based on the life of Christ. This is a movie that understands it's spiritual elements and know how to use them with stricking effect. It's  also visually stunning with some great cinematography. The screenplay is  smart and understands Biblical literature. But the best element of  &quot;The Greatest Story Ever Told&quot; is the performances. Max Van is  incredibly good here. This is one of the greatest Biblical epics ever!
B00000K2SC|5.0|One of the best movies I have ever seen in my entire life.  Great sound, great special effects, great acting.  All this together equals a great movie.
0425107469|5.0|...After the wonderfully human-like dog in the book.  Dean Koontz is one of my favorite authors.  I love his way of presenting such outrageous subjects, but making it totally believable!  This book is no exception.   Dean Koontz has a way of weaving several genres (horror, sci-fi, romance,  action, etc.) together and creating a masterpiece. This is his best book,  ever!
6302732786|5.0|Why ISN'T this available? I used to always see it at my video store. Luckily I bought it when it first came out. This is a classic concert that should be available for any music fan. All the musicians were great, but I  must admit the appearance of Liza Minnelli at the end made the show for me.  That took a lot of balls, and she was super.
B000000W6R|5.0|For tracks that Billy Corgan thought were terrible (as you read in the little booklet), are some of the most excellent tracks I've ever heard from this band. I don't have time to explain my feelings for all these tracks,  because I will go on forever so I won't. <br />Just to make it short, I really  deeply love tracks  1-10. Tracks 11-14, I'm now starting to  appreciate.<br />Pisces Iscariot for me is probably the only cd out of my  collection that I can listen to, and literally, never get tired of  it.<br />The Smashing Pumpkins are the Best!!!<br />Thanks Amazon.
B00000K19E|5.0|This move should go down as one of the best science fiction movies of the decade! It has a great storie, GREAT SPECIAL EFFECTS!! All around it is just an AWSOME movie!   This movie will be an instant classic and i can't  wait until the next two come out!
B000000WA4|5.0|this album is excellent! it's seems to highly surpass crap albums like &quot;The Wall&quot;. I got this album nearly 4 years ago, and at the time I didn't like every track on it. but now after I listen to it, each song  sounds beautiful, and crystal clear. Billy Corgan is definitely a genius  There is not one bad track on this album. considering the fact that the  album is 122 minutes long. This album should go down in history as one of  the greatest albums of all-time.<br />Excellent!
B00000K2SC|5.0|I love the actors, and it had great special effects. A must-see!!!!!!!
0812505085|5.0|This book doesn't have to be reviewed. It speaks foritself. I'll just say it's excellent, read it.<br />Frankly I'm stunnedto see what people are saying about this book. I mean, I can understand, sort of, why somebody might possibly consider other excellent books, like &quot;The Magnificent Ambersons&quot; or &quot;My Antonia&quot; boring, though I don't. But to find THIS book boring?? What in heck DO people read that's so much more exciting than this? I suppose that if a book has 30 seconds that aren't filled with explosions and poison gas, it's considered dull, huh? Aargh.<br />Well, to each his own, I guess.
6303460151|1.0|I saw this movie at the show years ago when it first came out.  I wanted to demand my money back. What a rip-off.  What Leonard Maltin says in his review is right on the button.  This movie has no plot, no momentum, and no  point to any of this.  Robert Altman is supposed to be this great director.   But this movie looks like a college film school student made a very  amateurish film and had no idea where to go with it.  Its really bad.
B00000DR8R|5.0|Cole is perhaps the most underrated pop musician I know of. Easily his best among a collection of great Cole CDs, Rattlesnakes is certainly one of the finest releases in the 80s. Perfect pop hooks, brilliant writing, witty  lyrics - overall a perfectly crafted british pop album, I could not  recommend an album more highly than this one.
0374172897|5.0|I am an avid reader of Virginia Woolf.  Cunningham restores her voice to us without glaring intrusion.  The author is masterful in his ability to breathe life into Woolf and Mrs. Dalloway.  This, added to his talent to  delicately weave &quot;the hours&quot; experienced by each character from  chapter to chapter, leaves the reader conscious of their own heartbeat and  pulse.  Thank you Michael Cunningham for returning the precious gift of  Virginia Woolf with your sensitivity for her work, her voice, and her raw  understanding of what it is to be a woman, a human being.
B000000WA4|2.0|Billy Corgan is an annoying twit who can sing much better than here (listen to Gish).  The unmistakable stench of pretensious B.S. hangs over nearly every song on this album.  I want to hate it, and yet, something  keeps me coming back to it.  Maybe it's the goofy art work.  Maybe it's the  interesting song titles.  Maybe it's the three song stretch on disk two of  &quot;Thirty-three,&quot; &quot;In The Arms Of Sleep&quot; and  &quot;1979&quot; where the album really clicks.  Best to listen to this one  in small doses, I think.
B000002BFL|5.0|It all started when I bought &quot;Greatest Hits&quot; earlier this year, you know.  &quot;Streets Of Philadelphia&quot; had been one of my favourite songs for years since I had fallen in love with both it and the movie it  came from, and I knew some of his older stuff (I mean, who doesn't?).  So I  bought the compilation.<br />Whoa.<br />Talk about being blown away - here was a  man who said more about everything than perhaps anyone I had ever come  across in the world of music.  I was in love from the first moment.  Even  the new songs were good.<br />So the next thing I did was shell out 34.99 on  the box set &quot;Tracks&quot;.  All exceedingly good, of course, but the  musically-downsized stuff represented on Disc 4 was the stuff that most  suited my tastes.<br />So I bought &quot;The Ghost Of Tom Joad&quot; just  recently.  When I first put it on, it all seemed to mesh together, but it  sounded nice (my kind of music, you see).  It was on repeat, however, and  on the second listening as I sat at my computer idly surfing the net, the  title track quite literally grabbed me by the neck and tore me out of my  seat.  'My God, listen to what he's saying!' screamed my mind at me.  Then  &quot;Straight Time&quot;.  Then &quot;Highway 29&quot;, from whose final  lyrical couplet I have stolen the title of this review.<br />I could outline  what I like about every song on this album, but I'm not going to.  Suffice  it to say that this stands proudly amongst the most important  socio-political statements of this century.  It is an aria of the bad times  which have befallen groups as far-ranging as from Dust-Bowl-era Deep  Southerners to jobless immigrants today.  It is not a cry for compassion,  more of a study of where it has all gone wrong in the land of the free.   Listen to the lyrics and feel your head swim with thoughts that have never  crossed your mind before.  Couple that with the music and you'll find  yourself on a plateau in your mind quite unlike any otheryou have visited.   &quot;The Ghost Of Tom Joad&quot; is beautiful an heart-wrenching at the  same time.<br />And Lord knows, if someone can achieve that, then maybe we can  too.<br />'Where there's somebody struggling to be free/Look in their eyes  Mom, you'll see me.'
0684874350|5.0|The details in this book really create a visual of what life was like for him and his family, without making excuses about why life happened the way it did.  It's difficult to relate to the overwhelming emotional conflict  that seemed to plague life at that time.  Frank did an amazing job at  portraying his father as someone who was 'above' begging and groveling as a  form of survival, but who was ultimately responsible for making his family  become what he loathed most.  I can harldy wait to read 'Tis' to see what  will happen next!!!
B00000K19E|5.0|What can I say except that I cannot wait to see what they do with the sequel.
0670881791|5.0|On Ash Wednesday, a single mother, believer in mystical powers, opens a chocolate store across the street from a Catholic church located in Southern France.  Thus starts a battle between good (the mother) and evil  (the catholic priest).  Harris writes a lyrical tale with a vivid cast of  supporting characters, delving into the past of village's residents,  revealing the dark secret of the priest's youth.  Prejudice against a group  of gypsies becomes a central theme, and all the while, the protagonist  provides warmth and counsel in her chocolate store.  A great read.
0767817486|1.0|There are a few major problems with this movie: 1) Oliver Stone admitted on TV that parts of this movie were made up or exaggerated. 2) If somebody was caught trying to smuggle 5 pounds of cocaine (or whatever MAJOR drug)  across the U.S. into Canada and was caught and put in prison (and then  raped and abused etc.) and a movie was made about this by the Iranians (or  any country that does not like the U.S.) would this movie represent the  American people and the standards of living in the U.S. ? Definitely not!  3) The movie tries to convince its audience that Turks act, dress, and look  like a cross between the Klingons and Osama Bin Laden. This is a gross  misrepresentation. The majority of Turks are Europeanized, secular and  meditteranean looking. 4) The characters in the movie could not speak a  word of Turkish properly. Aside from these &quot;minor&quot; issues it is  altogether not too bad! I would not take my date to this movie though, and  I usually don't have time to watch such depressing film of this genre. They used  to make movies like this in the Soviet Union in the 1960's for propaganda  purposes. Anybody with a basic knowledge of Turkey and filmmaking will see  right through this &quot;fine specimen of moviemaking.&quot; Who were Stone  and Parker kidding ?!? Try at your own risk.
068484267X|5.0|Frank McCourt does an excellent job of describing his thoughts and experiences as a child.  This book goes to show how sensitive children are to their surroundings.  I have many different feelings while reading this  book.  McCourt perfectly combines sensitive issues with genuine family  humor.  How exciting that another book is soon to come!
0201508036|5.0|A good book, clear and easy to understand, and it is also easy to implement the algorithms mentioned in the book into a real world program. I used it as a text book in image processing class. Compared to other books  in image processing, this book is a clear winner. The only drawback is the  price. Other thing to remember is that this book is old enough in the  ever-progressed image processing and computer graphic field.
0802130208|5.0|Ingatius is some character!  Yes, he would be hard to deal with in real life, but the author really gets inside his head.  Toole is Ignatius, of course, and reading this book just might help you understand some of the  truly eccentric people in our society.  All of the supporting characters  are wonderful as well. The author's command of the language is stupendous.   Mostly hilarious, there are some touching and even sad moments.  I gave  this book to two friends, who loved it, and my mom, who didn't.  So this  book probably isn't for the Grisham-Francis type of reader.  If you have  ever felt &quot;different&quot; in any way, this book is for you.
B00000K19E|5.0|This DVD is awesome.  A must have
0780627024|5.0|A truly affecting and wonderful film, although easily misunderstood.  Any film that garners so much conflicting opinion on its moral commentary is a film that really works to let the audience decide what it is about,  although the audience for its part, may be so convinced of their  interpretation that they may not realize this. What is it about?  Two kids  from the 90s get sucked into a Twlight Zone universe that is completely  defined by the episodes of an sugary sweet b&amp;w 50s sitcom.  Nothing  outside what is directly addressed in the episodes exists - other towns,  sex, toilets, fire, bad weather, literature, working plumbing, etc.   Pleasantville at first has no life, and the people are not even human, just  paper dolls going through motions.  But the 90s kids realize their  potential to be human, and cause their development to accelerate  out-of-control toward the reality.  What the kids learn along the way is  that there is something missing from their all-to-real lives as well, some  element of innocence that is worth having. Without the moral implications  of many types of good and bad behaviors, the film expresses the beauty of  being human, both the good, the bad, and the not-so-black-and-white.  Of  course this leaves the film wide open for anyone to interpret the film  according to their own moral beliefs.  Conservatives types will end up  hating the film because of their demand that any depiction of a moral  situation must also provide moral guidance, which is not what the story is  about.  What it is about is an evolving world full of promise as well as  pain but that still has a chance at saving itself from the horrors of the  modern world (shown to us in the beginning) and the mindless inhumanity of  utter conformity and perfection.  We are literally left with the question:  what happens now?
B00000K19E|5.0|This is one of the best movies out there..
6304341849|5.0|This Merchant Ivory production, though as deliciously beautiful as the others, has an edge in that it brings to life a novel which its author considered so controversial, he wouldn't publish it in his lifetime.  The  production values in this film are, as always, superb.  But the acting  especially is where it triumphs.  The three leads are excellent.  I  especially admire James Wilby's wonderful performance, as indeed I do those  of Rupert Graves and Hugh Grant.  The ending is quite unlike most other  gay-themed movies:  the two characters we have followed from the outset  turn out very differently:  Hugh Grant's character capitulates to the  societal &quot;norm&quot; and, at the end, is actually a little despicable,  or would be, if one didn't feel so sorry that he &quot;sold out&quot;.  But  the final scenes -- in which Maurice (Wilby) realizes that Scudder (Graves)  has not left England and in consequence has risked his future to be with  Maurice, and where finally, Maurice does the same for Scudder-- where they  end up together, against the admittedly tough odds, and risk all for love--  is beautiful.  As other reviewers have pointed out, the film is not only  about Maurice's struggles with his gayness, but also with the expectations  and presumptions of the British Class System:  the servant, Scudder, turns  out to be extremely intelligent and witty-- in the &quot;afterglow&quot;  scene in the hotel, he quite incisively lampoons the condescending and  perfunctory way he gets treated by people of Maurice's &quot;station&quot;  -- and Maurice, if belatedly, realizes the quality in him.  Both overcome  temptations to give in to society -- (when Scudder is hurt by Maurice's  cold-shouldering of him he hints that he might blackmail him -- the only  power he might have over someone of Maurice's class---, but repents;  Maurice flirts with the idea of accusing Scudder when he is terrified at  the prospect of what he might lose) but in the end commit to each other,  and society-be-damned.  The complexities of the situation, though they  relate to societal conditions no longer obtaining, still exist, though  manifesting in different ways.  An excellent movie about the triumph of  love, of commitment, and most, of honesty.d society-be-damned.  The complexities of the situation, though they  relate to societal conditions no longer obtaining, still exist, though  manifesting in different ways.  An excellent movie about the triumph of  love, of commitment, and most, of honesty.
630512762X|5.0|Firstly this film has got John Travolta and Nicholas Cage who are really good actors and are perfect for this kind of movie.  There are so many surprises and really good gun fights. There is a pretty good script too.  I  love the part where Nicholas Cage sais Well if you're Shawn Arthur ,I  guess i'm Caster Troy`and then hangs up. Anyway cool movie deffinetly worth  seeing.
0790742381|1.0|Well, except for Ed Woods movies. This movie was almost unwatchable. The acting was about as good as a high school play. The storyline was a diaster. This movie could have been so much more. Then there is Kurt  Russel. What on earth was he thinking when he accepted this part. Reel Two  Dialogue Two- Shoot, Soldier Grut. Shoot, Soldier Grut. Well, that about  sums it up for this diaster. I waisted my $3.00 on this video. Thank  goodness I didn't drop $7.00 dollars at the movies.
B000000QFV|4.0|Without comparing it to all other Black Sabbath albums, is it a good hard rock/metal album in and of itself?  I'd certainly say so.  (Besides, what bands ever made music that sounded the same after 20 years of albums?   AC/DC and The Ramones are the closest matches I can think of...and they  usually get criticized for never trying anything different.)<br />It's not the  first line-up, but a line-up of great musicians none the less.  Some great  work as always by Tony Iommi.  Neil Murray and the late Cozy Powell (RIP)  do a fine job of thundering out the bottom end.  Powerful vocals by Tony  Martin (which is more than I can say for Ozzy Osbourne, who hardly wrote a  note of music nor a word of lyrics for Black Sabbath, and now reads his  teleprompter as he loses his voice after the first song or two.  I give  Ozzy an &quot;A&quot; for effort these days, but he's still in one tragic  physical state).  And the ever uncredited keyboardist for Black Sabbath,  Geoff Nichols, adds his touches to the background, responsible for much of  the album's awesome mystical ambiance.  The lyrics take a lot of themes  from Norse mythology.  It's too bad the ballady &quot;It Feels Good To  Me&quot; was the only song that ever got airplay from this album, because  the rest of the songs really hit hard.<br />A WAY BETTER album IMO than  &quot;Forbidden&quot;, which was made my the same line-up.  Four stars!
630460291X|2.0|Despite the accents and geographic anomalies this rousing movie is presented with bravado and plenty of 'swash-buckling&quot; to boot. A strong opening is followed by a bit of a slow down, but the pace picks up  nicely and delivers the viewer a powerful ending, the epilogue is a little  cheesy but the cameo 'King Richard' is a nice surprise!<br />The only draw  back.... It's a Flipper!!<br />Halfway through the film you have to turn the  disk over to play the other side (a 'feature' noticeably missing from the  technical details) which whilst not life threatening is certainly  annoying.<br />However, if you like a good movie that you can escape into and  leave the real world behind then this would do for you. <br />(relates to the  DVD version)
B000000IVI|5.0|Day of the Eagle and Too Rolling Stoned are emotional rollercoasters: Both start uptempo and end with Robin just letting it all hang out. This album has aged like a fine wine over the last quarter century.
B00000K2SC|1.0|The most overrated film in recent memory makes its debut on video.  Big deal!  Sets are stolen from &quot;Metropolis&quot;, &quot;Brazil&quot; and &quot;2001&quot;.  Script is stolen from Hindu scripture.  Acting is stolen  from &quot;The Pretentious School of Something Important is Going On Here,  Ha Ha.&quot;  And Keanu Reeves is the worst actor ever to appear on film,  besides also-rans like Martin Milner.  The only exhilarating moment of this  ponderous, stupid movie is when the Oracle (oh, what a surprise, she's a  cookie-baking, cigarette-smoking blue-collar woman) tells Keanu,  &quot;You're cuter than I thought,&quot; and then, a moment later,  &quot;You're not too bright.&quot;  I wasted two hours of my life with this  movie and am spending another five minutes to warn others to STAY AWAY!
B00000K2SE|5.0|This movie is just full of action. It has great digital effects. &quot;A MUST SEE&quot; movie.
630460291X|3.0|This is a BUYER BEWARE statement for the purchasers of the DVD format of ROBIN HOOD PRINCE OF THEIVES. In the great process of the new DVD format for enjoying films that not only appear clearer and give you extra features  on which to choose, I am puzzled over Warner Brothers choice of doing  something that they have apparently not done on any of their other film  releases on DVD.  In ROBIN HOOD PRINCE OF THIEVES, the film has been split  to be included on BOTH sides of the disc.  This makes absolutely no sense  since it has been clear from the beginning, since DVD was first released,  that you could easily contain over 2 1/2 hours of content on a single side  including the extra features. (This film only runs 144 minutes.) The film  is still enjoyable, but alass, you will be faced with the cumbersome task  of having to turn over your disk in the middle of the film unless you are  equipped with a player that will play both sides automatically. WARNER  BROTHERS should be ashamed of themselves, and replace these disc's with a  single sided format free of charge to everyone who has paid full price for  less quality!
6302642256|5.0|EXELENT MOVIE STILL WANT TO OWN I
6304119046|5.0|Allright, I gotta admit, the film itself isn't really that good, BUT you have to admit that this film's photography is amazing.  I saw someone reviewing it who said that Akira Kurisawa films are better. I beg ti  differ. This film has inspired me to do many things with the camera and  movies and stuff I was never interested in...until I saw the speech  scene...that one scene in itself was a remarkable scene.  Now, I'm going to  say that it probably is the best film of all time, BUT by far not the most  entertaining. I mean, I liked it, but anyone else who likes it must admit,  it is a little dull.
B00000K19E|3.0|It appears this disk will not work on all players. Although there is no official word from Warner yet (9/23), DVD Express is making a list of players that will not load this disk. I fully expect Warner will have a new  version of this disk, if they ever want my business again...<br />By the way,  the movie is top notch and a definite &quot;must see&quot;.  I have been  awaiting this release for some time.  It seems I will need a bit more  patience.
155927557X|4.0|I liked this book very much.  I give it a 4, rather than a 5 simply because I have a few minor structural or stylistic complaints.<br />To me it was a novel and successful approach to bring the philosophical ranting and  daily life together, as well as find connecting links between religion, art  and science.  I think, for example, that ZAMM does a better and more  beautiful job at it then Hofstadter's &quot;Goedel, Echer, Bach&quot;.   <br />I was particularly interested to read negative criticism for the book by  readers here at Amazon.  I wasn't happy with them.  A score of ad hominem  attacks on Pirsig, from people who are either bored with this kind of  non-academic or philosophical stuff or were looking for a tractate on Zen,  a manual for motorcycle maintenance, or a doctoral dissertation in  philosophy.<br />This book is neither, and perhaps that was exactly the point  of it.  I am really open for someone to rip this book apart, to show that  it does not have Quality.  They could start, for example, by telling us  what Quality is.
B000002H72|5.0|Everything that came after the Pixies that tries to sound like the Pixies is not as good as the Pixies.
B00000DHRX|5.0|It's very dificult to sing and pronunce in portuguese, becuase it's a complex language. George show us he is more than a singer, he is a great professional in his art, singing a Brazilian song DESAFINADO, a music fron  our best composer Tom Jobim.
B00000DFTG|3.0|The musicians theirselves admit openly that this CD received a lot of &quot;overdubs&quot; in studio, mainly to cover Ozzy and Bill Ward mistakes. The band never intended to go on together after this CD, so it  only rest to me to think that they did it for the money. Anyway, it is  still Sabbath with Ozzy, the only real Sabbath that ever existed. Good.
6304935811|5.0|This movie was excellent. The writing, acting and screenplay were all done with such style. Patton was a hero but that was it. He wasn't an honest man. I believe he died in a car crash shortly after the war or something.  George C Scott died today and this movie is just one great piece of acting  that will forever be a classic.
B000002MG1|5.0|I own them all, from Chronic Town to UP, and this still gets the most play...and that is saying a lot from where I sit.  In reading some of the reviews, it seems easy to compare individual albims and how they rate  amongst each other, but I feel a more valid approach is to view their  albums in groups.  Murmur and Reckoning form a solid chapter, Fables,  Pageant and Document neatly form a second chapter, and so on.  Automatic  closes the door on the Up/Green chapter, which I feel had REM struggling a  bit to find the right direction, as critical success gave way to commercial  success.  How does America's most cherished band push the envelope?  With a  pop album that both reveres and reviles pop music.  <br />No other band can  write such sentimental lyrics and yet steer clear of sappiness.  Pop hooks  layered atop complex social consciousness.  I love this band.<br />And by the  way, isn't Peter Buck just a god with the guitar?  I just saw these guys at  Red Rocks (Colorado), and 18 years after I first saw them live, they are  still the most vital band in the world.  Buy the record, and while doings  so, buy all the rest.
006016848X|5.0|I have read this book countless times, and some sections even more.  Dr. Gray has helped me get through some very trying situations.  He explains men and women simply and easily, so much so that quite often my reaction is  akin to a revelation.  I now know (and understand) more about the opposite  sex than I ever thought I could.  My heartfelt thanks to Dr. Gray for what  continues to be one of my favorite reads.  Dr. Gray has a firm grasp on the  dynamics of relationships.  I can only hope to emulate this.  Thank you so  much, Dr. John Gray.
B000005QH3|5.0|few of my the above reviews mention the original sound-track to this sensational movie.i have it in LP.sure wish it was available on CD!?!?
0385486804|4.0|In my opinion, the history of McCandless tells only one thing: he was a basket case. Completely lost. I don't care about what were his ideas, his dreams. You just don't throw your life away, like he did, with no reason at  all. It's not right!  But Krakauer job is another history. He wrote a well  reserched book, full of details and great sensibility. Very good reading.
6302453356|5.0|I do not have an &quot;all knowing&quot; Peter Pan background, but I do understand fantasy and magic.  Hook is a new and exciting portrayal of a classic tale.  Complemented by special effects that enhance the magic and  bring the story to life.  If you're an adult who can relate to your inner  child, you will love this movie.  Children will be enchanted with the  bright colors and the adventurous story.  As for Robin Williams, he too is  enchanting as always.
B000002GQE|5.0|Who needs to get high on drugs when just listening to this LP will transcend you into a world of tranquility.   A true classic in the history of popular music.
B00000K19E|5.0|This movie was way deep ,if you know your bible you would find some elements that this film uses. The effects were terriffic non-stop action that was base off a japanese animated.
B00000IL1K|5.0|I saw Ms. Brightman in concert on PBS and just knew that I had to have this album.  It is the first albun of hers that I own and I can see that her voice has come a long way from her Phantom of the Opera days.  Dust in  the Wind is spectacular and the latin version of the Titanic song is better  that the original.  I especially like the tracks Eden, Only An Ocean Way  and The Last Words You Said.  This album is a must have, and I wish Ms.  Brightman continued success in the Future
B000001F9E|4.0|Well, if a guy say that &quot;Renegade&quot; and &quot;THunder and Lightning&quot; are better than &quot;Jailbreak&quot;, he just doesn't know Thin Lizzy. This CD has the fabulous partnership of guitarrists Robertson  and Gorham, with incredible and sensitive lead breaks and rhythms. THe  songs are all pure heavy rock. ENjoy it.
B00000K19E|5.0|Basically, I am big fan of The Matrix.  Apparently, someone liked it at Warner Brothers, as they put a huge amount of effort into the authoring and presentation of the DVD.  It is loaded with commentaries, and  documentaries, and multiple scenes; all sorts of things.  Did I mention the  red pill/white rabbit sightings?  This totally worth adding to your  collection.
B00000JCB2|5.0|My husband, who is in the Air Force, and I ,a part-time journalist and housewife, both really enjoy this c.d. We like music ranging from Sarah McLachlan to Metallica, depending on our moods, and this CD constantly  plays in our car!
B0000024Z7|5.0|This is my favorite album in the world.<br />The level of creativity, dynamics, musicianship, and production quality of this album is beyond decription with words.  It can only be understood by experiencing  it.<br />Turn off the rest of the world, sit down with a glass of wine, and  listen to this masterpiece from the first cricket-chirp to the last organ  growl.  When it's done, it may take you a while to remember your name and  address.<br />Carlos Santana and Neil Schon put on the greatest display of  rock/jazz guitar virtuosity I've ever heard.  Gregg Rollie's Hammond B3  work sets the standard for the incredible range of tones and feelings that  instrument delivers -- in the right hands.  There are timeless  contributions by jazz greats such as Tom Coster.  The drum/latin percussion  section is so heavy, it would have completely eclipsed any other set of  front-line musicians.<br />I've played guitar professionally for over  20-years.  In my opinion, this album will still be heard in 1,000 years.  I  can say that confidently only about the Beatles, Stevie Wonder, Jobim, Cole  Porter, the Berlins, Beethoven, and Tchaikovsky.<br />This album is that good.   Buy it.
B00000IPAX|5.0|This is a really great album and i highly recommed it<br />Bye it and you'll love it
B0000026J1|4.0|I bought this on tape when I was 9 years old.  Ten years later it still rocks just as hard! the musical arrangments are tight and hard, and the vocals harmonies are beautiful.  They lyrics are great to sing along to and  any glam rock band with a keyboard knows what's up.  The slow songs rule  and the fast ones are hard and rocking.  Thiis may not be as good as some  of their other stuff, but hey man, it rocks hard and that's all matters.
B000001FI7|5.0|I bought this CD 2 years ago and I have been amazed by the sound and mood that this CD can provide since the first time I listened to it. The melody, the arrangement, and Beth's voice are such an astonishing combination that  it is liked a &quot;sonic painting&quot; in my head when I listen to it  with my eyes close. One of my best friend who is visually-impaired had told  me that Portishead's music make him 'see' in his head. I absolutely believe  what he said. The sound of this CD is and has been so unique that it just  gets better and better with time. Even though there are many groups might  have tried to inmitate them consciously or unconsciously, like Lamb,  Hooverphonic, or Morcheeba, (I like them all too), they can't come close to  create the sonic effect that Portishead had able to create. I like their  second CD too, but &quot;Dummy&quot; is just better! I can't forget the  time when I was driving in a raining night alone on a highway in Boston and  was listening to &quot;Road&quot;, and &quot;Sour Times&quot;. Beth's voice  sent chill down my spine. It is just an unbelievable album. I can't say  more how good it is!
B00000K19E|5.0|For all those that can't run The Matrix on their DVD they need to notify the manufacturer. Warner Bros has put out a DVD that is incompatable with some players. Namely Samsung and Pioneer
B000002C25|4.0|This album should have been great. It should have been the best album of the 1990s.   However, the band doesn't seem nearly as motivated and hungry as before. Some songs are just too long, too familiar and too boring. But,  songs like &quot;D'You Know what I mean&quot; and &quot;Fade In/Out&quot;  among others are well done songs that feature Oasis trying to alter their  musical style (albeit not by too much). Bottom line: It's great rock n'  roll music. However the energy is more intense on their previous albums.   It's still better than most rock music out today. Look for their next album  in 2000, chances are their hunger will return and it will be one of the  best albums in the last 5 years.
B00001QEE8|5.0|...but unfortunately it's worth it!<br />The Jungle Book is by far my favourite Disney feature - and the only one (at this price) I will buy.  It is a superb film, with great, catchy tunes (listen out for &quot;King&quot;  Louis Prima!).<br />The voice talent is first rate, especially George Sanders  as Shere Khan and Sterling Holloway as Kaa.<br />As an afternote, Di$ney are  apparently releasing zero extras for this disc - extremely disappointing  for a DVD with a $40 RRP.
B00000K19E|5.0|I would highly recommend this movie to anyone loving action good  special effects great entertainment I would watch this movie again again and again from one to ten I rate it a 10
0880796863|4.0|I would reccomend this set for a true novice, but if you want to start reading for profit, I would reccomend something with a little more depth, and more complicated pictures.
B000002MJC|4.0|this is one awsome cd! i really love dm's music all of it from the early 80's to now! and the more recent stuff like songs of faith.., or ultra have to be their most darkest, and basically the best they've done in their  career! even with dave's drug problems in the early 90's they were still  capable of making great music which shows you just what an incredable band  they really are! long live DM.
B00000JPH6|5.0|This is one of those movies that you can see over and over again, and every time you see it you realise something different. This is a must see movie. I'm pretty sure that the 5th Element used a lot of the Dark Crystal,  you be the judge.
B00000K19E|2.0|I recieved the DVD, I tried to play it on 6 different players and it did not work at all. Reason why I give 2 stars is because of the customer service I recieved when I called, right away they were able to next day the  movie to me and it accually works!
0684874350|5.0|As a 23 year old who grew up with a relatively poor (but, thank God, the poverty wasn't as grinding) background and with very religious Catholic parents, this book really resonated. It also helped me appreciate the  stoicism of my father who, grew up in a very poor Dublin at around the same  time as McCourt was struggling through life in Limerick, yet, like McCourt,  complains very little about it, talking about it as a matter of fact. <br />It  relieves me that today, Ireland has become one of the world's more  successful economies and such poverty is hopefully a thing of the past, as  is the religious tyranny of the 'pious'.<br />I was continually amazed at the  author's ability to combine hilarious humour with tear-inducing pathos,  often within the same sentence. The writing style is succinct, lucid and,  for those of you not from Ireland, 100% genuinely Irish. It captures  perfectly how the world appears through the eyes of a young boy. <br />I've  already booked my copy of 'Tis which I await with eager anticipation. If  the scores of 5 star ratings and the Pulitzer Prize aren't enough to  convince you, let me add my voice to the litany: READ THIS BOOK!
B000002BE9|5.0|When the Pawn Hits the Conflicts He Thinks Like a King What He Knows Throws the Blows When He Goes to the Fight and He'll Win the Whole Thing 'Fore He Enters the Ring There's No Body to Batter When Your Mind Is Your  Might So When You Go Solo, You Hold Your Own Hand and Remember That Depth  Is the Greatest of Heights and If You Know Where You Stand, Then You Know  Where to Land and If You Fall It Won't Matter, 'Cuz You'll Know That You're  Right,<BR> <BR> I'm not kidding.  But her first CD is one of the best CD's  I own, so I will buy the new one, no matter how big the cover will have to  be.  Comes out Nov 9th.
B00000K19E|5.0|I have never before seen a film that combines so well the best features of every cinematographic genre.  Character development, plot twists, intense action, love, more intense action, fantastic special effects, intellectual  concepts, biblical references, literary references, etc.  I have made it my  sole goal in life to make the directors wealthy by seeing it 4 times in the  theater and buying DVDs as Christmas presents.  Even for my grandmother!
B00000JY1X|5.0|For years now Mr. Merritt and crew have been creating some of the best pop music of all time, not only musically but lyrically as well. These are not merely musicians and songwriters, but craftsmen of original, beautiful, and  refreshing, lamenting love songs. The Magnetic Fields surpass most  boundaries of music genre, they are not and should not be limited to only  the realm of indie pop. Please do yourself a favor and buy the box set,  it's out-of-control good.
0385495315|5.0|This book is a page turner. The explanations of the Enigma Solution and Public Key Cryptology were most clearly written.  The section on Linear B was also beautifully written; especially memorable is when Singh talks of  &quot;ancient languages once again whispering their messages to  us...&quot;.  <br />Even in sections where one can disagree with the viewpoint  of the author, such as how credit for cryptologic advancement should be  allocated, or the absolute value of who knows what when (especially as it  relates to World War II), the sheer interest in the topics keeps one  riveted to the text and eager for more. This book is certainly comparable  to David Kahn's masterpiece The Codebreakers, and in some respects more up  to date, though hardly as comprehensive.<br />This book has more traction to  it than Mr. Singh's book on Fermat's Last Theorem, but this might be due to  the very nature of the subjects involved.  Certainly that book aided in the  desire to read this one, which proves more rewarding from an intellectual  vantage point. This can be compared to a book such as &quot;The Universe  and the Teacup&quot; which has so turned me off to that author that I can't  imagine ever wanting to read anything from her again.  All in all, I must  say that this book is a beautifully written exposition of a fascinating  topic.
B000003NA4|5.0|Very well said Brydland49!  I could not agree more. Love Scenes was the first Diana Krall CD I purchased. Since then, I've added every one of her CDs to my collection. Love Scenes is still my favorite.
B00000K19E|5.0|If you have a dvd player and you don't own the matrix, you might as well give your dvd player away. The WOW factor in this movie is non-stop, with great special and sound effects, and a smart script, there's no way you can  go wrong by buying this movie. In other words, stop reading this review and  order your movie right NOW!!!! You'll thank me for it.
6302642256|5.0|Though this film might actually be improved by cutting out a few dated or odd lines, here is the best space-ship ever.  This will make your 8 to 14 year old's mind fly as this child has to be the navigator.<br />Disney, please  re-print this film.  Gordon H.
B000002OX7|5.0|the only way to discribe this album is perfect rock and roll. pete john and roger are at their best and keith, without a doubt, steals the show.
0800139151|4.0|Most of the reviews I have read concerning this movie focus on how &quot;unrealistic&quot; the plot appears.  Clearly I must be in the moviegoing minority, because the day I want to see a &quot;realistic&quot;  Western is the day I lick razor blades and ask for a salt chaser.  Hello,  the reality of the American West was poor dental hygiene and short, brutal  lives.  Really, who wants to see a putrefying belly shot?  Sam Raimi pays a  stylish homage to Spaghetti Westerns (like Sergio Leone made realistic  films).  Even the music tips its hat to these classic films.  Bottom line?   A great popcorn movie with some great lines and one truly great  performance.  Russell Crowe is the most underrated actor working today.   Anyone who does not think so should watch this movie back-to-back with the  great(but very disturbing) Aussie film Romper Stomper.  These characters,  polar opposites, are played with the same intensity and energy to totally  different effect.  The viewer can palpably feel the coiled anger, barely  kept in check when Cort is forced to prepare for his first duel.  Watch  this movie for that reason alone, then realize that in the upcoming film  The Insider, that the role of the whistle blower is played by the same,  35-year old Crowe.
B000002C1X|5.0|Is the Wall fiction or some convoluted way of Roger Waters dealing with his demons?  With that said, listen to the album for just that reason. It is a brilliant look inside the mind of a man slowly going insane.  Not just  music, this is art.  The Orb, (or Tiamat), are merely poseurs trying to  duplicate Floyd's style of doing things.  From the opening riff of &quot;In  the Flesh&quot;, to the climactic finale of &quot;The Trial&quot;, The Wall  is a ride on the coaster of one man's sanity.
1558216847|1.0|What kind of fool does he take us for? He did not describe how the party traveled through thousands of miles without being challenged by the police? Through thousands of miles without being on trails? without food? without  water or means to carry water? I'm only half way through the book and it is  insulting to me that he calls this story &quot;true.&quot; I can't wait to  get to the &quot;yedi&quot; account and climbing over the Himalayas with a  few more peanuts as nurishment. What a joke!
0679809015|5.0|My 10-month old has loved this book for the last 6 months.  The pictures look enough like real animals that she recognized the real ones on a visit to the farm.  Wonderful book!
6302038308|5.0|I'm quite sure that the adulation I hold for &quot;Evil Dead II&quot; will be redundant in lieu of the overwhelimng list of rave Amazon reviews, but I don't care!  Sam Raimi and Bruce Campbell were downright geniuses when  producing this remake (yes remake, not sequel) of the original Evil Dead  film that I thought was a dismal dud.  For the most part, I definitely  don't revere this pic from a horror mindset, but from an insanely-funny  screwball comedy perspective!  Campbell's &quot;Ash&quot; gives such an  indellible performance complete with tour-de-force physical comedy  (accompanied with mean chainsaw, sawed-off shotgun, and Peter Deming's zany  cinematography) and one-liners that will melt away the Ebenezer in all of  us!  Sure, the acting's cheesy, the violence explicit, and the screaming  near hilarious.  But, &quot;Evil Dead II&quot; is truly one of the  best-of-the-best in the B-horror movie realm (even Roger Ebert thought this  flick was indeed GROOVY!)
B000001E29|5.0|I love this album. If youlike raindogs there is a good chance you'll like this album. It is very dark and carnival like. Tom Waits is #1!!
6305627401|5.0|South Park: Bigger, Longer, &amp; Uncut was the smartest, funniest movie of the summer of 1999.  It was by far the most political film I've seen in years.  Oliver Stone has nothing on Matt and Trey. If you haven't seen this  film you don't know what you're missing.  Much funnier than American Pie,  this movie will also make you think.  It is the best satire to come out in  years.  Most people missed the political statement the movie was making  because of the &quot;harsh language,&quot; but the language was the  statement.  I can't wait for this DVD to come out.
0790744295|5.0|I would go into a long out review,but just go to my website.my entire site is dedicated to CREEPSHOW my favorite movie of ALLTIME!!!!And Romero and King my two favorite Horror masters!heres the
B0000041DF|5.0|This CD is a perfect present to yourself. Don't miss it
B00000K19E|5.0|I loved the message of this movie.  Don't trust your senses.  Don't accept the limitations that your mind puts on you.  Talk about a mixture of Buddhism and magic working.  I thought that The Matrix got that point  across very, very well.  Definitely worth watching over and over again.
0964385619|2.0|The first couple chapters of this book have some good ideas, but after that, I'll save you some time and a little money.  Here's what the rich teach their kids: Start saving early, preserve principal, don't get into  debt, pay yourself first, invest aggressively.  That's it.  He's got some  questionable advice, too. The author made a lot of his money by investing  in  penny stocks.  What he doesn't tell you is that 85% of penny stocks  fail.  Tax lien certificates are another favorite of his.  Other than that,  there are no specifics in the book.  If you want to learn what the wealthy  know about money, read &quot;Millionaire Next Door&quot;.  If you want  investing specifics, try the Motley Fool Books (&quot;The Foolish  Four&quot; is good).  If you're burried in debt, Suze Orman has some good  stuff (9 Steps To Financial Freedom).  If you've read all those, go ahead  and send this guy $.  Or better yet, invest it in penny stocks!
B00000K19E|5.0|I rented this DVD yesterday and it was so good I watched it twice.  The making of The Matrix documentary was worth the rental cost by itself.  I bought the DVD earlier today and can't wait to try the White Rabbit feature  in which if a white rabbit appears on the screen you can watch how the  effect was done.  The commentary should be fun also.  I love DVD and its  extras.  And this movie uses them to their best.
0385493622|5.0|A must read for all those who have read Pythagorus theorem any time in their life. The chronological description on the various attempts to prove FLT is narrated excellently. Probably Andrew Wiles himself would not have  been able to express his agonies and success stories so well. A marvellous  treatment on the historical nature of FLT and superb presentation how it  has been soved. A must read for any one interested in mathematics.
B0000025VU|5.0|Just one thing I can't let lie.  Some people think &quot;Sweetheart Like You&quot; is some kind of anti-feminist statement?  Since when does Dylan engage in such crude journalism? It's a song of self-examination, and one  of his best, at that. As is this album.
B000002W9Q|5.0|Great musi
B0000203YT|5.0|The BEST Film of the year!It is an absolute delight when a film this extrordinary is made.Acting,script,costumes,sets,music... all performed and made perfect!Elizabeth was dark and violent,but Shakespeare in Love was  light and romantic!Deserved all Academy Awards!Fantastic!
B00001OH1S|4.0|After watching the great movie, I just had to buy the soundtrack. The first four tracks are my favorite, while the others simply add to an already great CD. My only complaint is that the CD should have been longer.
0790745399|5.0|.......You have to see it for yourself. Let me tell you, this is probably the best movie I saw all year! (Not including post-september movies). I go to the movies at least once every 2 weeks, so I have seen it all this year,  and nothing can top this movie! The other 2 good movies of the year were  &quot;The Sixth Sense&quot; and &quot;Blair Witch&quot; but this, this is  one of the coolest movies ever created. I'm so glad that this new  technology was used in this movie, and not some cr@p like star wars. Highly  recommended to anyone who likes to experience something out of the  ordinary!
078401213X|4.0|Pi reminded me of Foucault's Pendulum by Umberto Eco, minus Eco's seven years of research and spellbinding detective-story style. Overall, the film's pretty good if you're interested in numerological mysticism, but is  at times self-important and overreaching. Gives you interesting stuff to  think about, though.
0345350499|5.0|As someone who *hasn't* read 20+ versions of the Arthurian legend, this was a very nice introduction with really strong story-telling and great character development....I guess you could say it's a little bit biased  towards the women (at least, if you were a man you might say that) but so  what?<br />I think this might especially be a good read for young teens  (girls?).  It's got a little bit of everything--magic, love, adventures,  conflict, friendship, etc.
6305263248|5.0|First, if you think that a good thriller must involve: (a) lots of special effects; (b) a lead actor called Arnie or Bruce; (c) lots of violence; or (d) shots lasting a maximum of 2 seconds (otherwise they're beyond your  attention span), then forget it, go and find another movie to watch whilst  drinking your six pack.<br />However, if you long for 'non-arthouse' films  which credit you with some intelligence, and reward you for being able to  pay attention (something which film makers used to be able to take for  granted), then you will *love* this film.  The basic plot is apparently  banal, but hides several layers of ambiguity.  Those who dismissed it as  'cliched' are well advised to take another look - there is layer upon layer  of deception, and I guarantee *nobody* will capture all the nuances the  first time round.  The action sequences follow with the  narrative (i.e.  it's not just a case of conversations being filler between the set pieces  as with so many recent films in the same genre), and the final car chase  through Paris is a modern classic.  Add to this some wonderfully  intelligent acting (De Niro is superb, but so are the rest of the cast),  and solid sensible direction (from the unfairly underrated Frankenheimer)  and you have a real treat.  <br />The director's commentary on DVD by the  director is excellent.  Often it is just an excuse for a litany of 'x was  wonderful, y did fantastic things', etc  but Frankenhimer's comments are  genuinely interesting and informative.<br />Buy this DVD - you will not regret  it.  And whilst you're about it, get yourself a copy of The Manchurian  Candidate by the same director.
0767814622|1.0|He got caught with drugs! Am I supposed to feel sorry for him? I don't think so! If you can't do the time, then don't do the crime! This low-life just wants to stab back at Turkey for his mistake. I am an American living  in Turkey and it is a wonderful country. This movie does nothing more than  show Turkey in a bad light. What do you think happens when you get caught  with drugs in America? They slap you on the wrist and send you home?! I  don't think so. Save your money and get another film!
0425170349|4.0|Typical and good Tom Clancy -- good action, fair character development, good plot (though bordering on the unbelieveable).  If you know some of the more intransigent people in the ecology and animal rights movements, it is  not too much of a stretch to see how someone could contemplate such a wild  and crazy scheme.   Clancy is erratic -- some good and some bad -- but  always compelling.  As long as he keeps writing, I'll keep buying.
6304366086|4.0|From the days when men were men, tires were skinny and Ford DFVs still had velocity stacks. Great victory party with a driver crawling around on a table, the other drivers (actors, presumably) filling his trophy with beer.  Play spot-the-driver during this scene; you can see Graham Hill among other  real drivers of the day, looking faintly horrified. Great stuff. Lots of  cameos (Phil Hill, the first American F1 champion among them) from the era  and Frankenheimer really brings the action alive. A little melodramatic in  spots, a goofy love story sub-plot, but Eva Marie Saint looks terrific.
B00000K0DV|3.0|Anchor Bay, still with their goal of releasing the most wanted films in horror history, have finally brought out their version of the classic Lucio Fulci film, 'The New York Ripper'.<br />To say that this film re-defines the  giallo is an understatement. It completely renews the killer genre, with  long, lingering looks at how life in the big city can affect, influence and  ultimately destroy its inhabitants.<br />Originally titled 'The Beauty  Killer', this film is relentless in its depiction of the frailty of the  human form. It contains perhaps the most violent and repulsive images put  on film, and will for certain make anyone cringe. Even the most rigid Lucio  Fulci fanatic will question the maestro's intent when watching this film.  Was Lucio Fulci really trying to make a point about modern urban existance,  or was he simply out to make the most disgustingly violent film ever made?  You decide.<br />As far as the DVD goes, it's a beautiful transfer, in the  original 2.35:1 aspect ratio. The Dolby Digital 1.0 soundtrack is perfectly  acceptable, and nicely highlights the pseudo-disco score by Franscisco de  Masi. The disc's menus capture the spirit of the film, and are accompanied  by the score, in stereo. Also included on the disc is a short Lucio Fulci  biography, and a theatrical trailer, which due to its supposed  international appeal, contains no voice-over, only dialogue.<br />However, one  word of warning. This DVD is not uncut. The trailer contains a scene of a  razor being sliced through &quot;Fay's&quot; hand, which is NOT included in  the actual film. Having said that though, the film DOES contain the nipple  slicing, and the close-up eye slitting that has made this film so  notorious.<br />So, the final verdict? Not a great film (the killer's final  identity is so far-fetched as to be nonsensical), but a definite classic  from a world of Italian cinema that sadly exists no more.
B00000420F|5.0|For me, this recording was a true gift. Through the intensity of Cecilia's voice and tone, I was given a furtheur glimpse towards the tremendous beauty created through the mastery of the great baroque composers on this  disc.Through this period arose the most sublime of arie for the voice, as  it was the period when vocal techniqe found its most lofty of achievements,  and the highest degree of skill imaginable, creating the study of the voice  as a true art, and  giving us the gift of the greatest singers to have  truly soared in that art, the great Italian castrati. Although we have yet  to rediscover such technique and skill, and beauty created through the  perfected voice, Ms.Cecilia Bartoli brought us furthur to great  vocalization, and that most sublime of accomplishments, and source, of true  pleasure. To Cecilia, and the great composers of this recording:    Bravissimi!!
B000002AS3|5.0|I listened to this again the other night, and boy has it ever held up! This is still Oasis' best album by far--its energy and freshness make the excess and overproduction of Be Here Now seem a little sad by comparison.  Ok, I could do without Digsy's, and Bring It On Down sounds a little  generic, but the rest of the tracks still rank among the strongest Noel has  written. By the way, I find the &quot;Oasis sound like the Beatles&quot;  complaints REALLY tiresome--if the songs are great (as these are), what's  the problem?  HIGHLY recommended--one of the very best rock and roll albums  of the nineties.
B00000064F|5.0|No words left, I just discovered it too early (at 32). Be smarter than me !
B000003TAR|5.0|This album is Worth every  single penny.Musically and Lyrically hightly violent and appealing.Just buy it if you like good music and lyrics.
B000002C1X|5.0|This classic album from one of the greatest bands of all time, is pure genius. They manage to combine amazing music and a beautiful story together perfectly. The lyrics are practically poetry, especially on &quot;Outside  the Wall&quot;. I consider this album to be up there with The Beach Boys,  'Pet Sounds' and The Beatles, 'Rubber Soul'. Great tunes often overlooked:  &quot;One of my Turns&quot; and Nobody Home&quot;. A must have for anyone  who really loves good, meaningfull music!
B00000K19E|5.0|Menneskene bak denne filmen br hylles og dyrkes videre fram slik at flere av deres produkter kan g ut over oss observatrer!
0441172717|5.0|This is truly a wonderful book that anyone who likes science fiction, wants insights on religion, or fascinates about science &quot;fiction&quot; that is almost a reality. The characters in the novel are great and despite  some early confusion, the book is an easy read. I look forward to reading  the prequel by Herbert's son when it comes out this October.
B000002H70|5.0|This is simply the best album of the rock era -- and I'm old enough to remember most of it!  It is a particular must-have for any thinking person who has ever felt psychological or spiritual pain (that may be a  redundancy) and wants to hear her/his feelings expressed profoundly in  lyrics and music.
0783233477|5.0|Brad Pitt is excellent in this film.  The movie leaves enough to the mind and imagination that you don't feel like a child they are explaining everything to.  I would recommend this movie to anyone who is in the mood  to watch something that really makes them think.
B000002J2D|3.0|some good shining moments but leaves a bit to be desired
B0000214F0|4.0|Sure, it's badly directed and edited and a bit too long, but the sets, the costumes, the actors, the gore, the sex and the girls are spectacular.<br />There's no way they would ever make a film like this again  and it was a very brave attempt by Bob Guccione. In fact, he should be  applauded for having the courage to make an adult film that had the power  to shock and repel. Yet he should also be lambasted as, ultimately, it is  down to him for the bad direction, bad editing, and for approving a script  that sorely needed an editor. If Caligula is not quite a success in terms  of filmmaking it is however in terms of money making as it became one of  the most successful independant films ever made.<br />Is Caligula a film of  merit? I think so. For lovers of horror and the bizarre Caligula offers  immense entertainment.
0790729733|4.0|This is an excellent film.  Because it makes you think, and rethink, the facts.  I don't understand how anyone could be CONVINCED Oswald was the lone gunman.  There is so much doubt everywhere you look.  And that is ALL  Stone asks his audience to do with this film: question the facts as  presented by the government, who's case is pretty flimsy.  By his own  admission, Stone has referred to JFK as an &quot;alternate myth&quot;.  He  doesn't know.  But if you look at all the facts, you can't help but be led  in other directions.  I think he does a pretty good job of busting up the  government's story, if not creating his own.
6304119046|2.0|Some critics said it's the best film ever made.  To me it's absolutely boring and doesn't deserve that much compliment. No offense! I can't pretend to rate it too highly than the level it should be.
0425107469|3.0|I don't want this to come across too badly, because he has great ideas and this story was absolutely incredbile.  I read it straight through in one night and cried and it took about a week to get it out of my head.   However, my biggest problem with the author is his writing style.  He has  great ideas and not a clue on how to pen them.  His descriptions are long  winded and often his characters are so one-dimensional that it is easy to  tell from the start who is good, bad, lives, dies, etc.  The story in this  is imaginitive and touching and I would recommend it to just about anyone,  but it seems that whenever I read a book by him I know the ending too soon  and I've sat through way too many pages of descriptions of a simple,  everyday town.  My take on it is this--for a good story, pick up this book,  have fun with it, be touched by it.  For quality writing go somewhere else.
B000002UAX|5.0|Anyone with even the slightest understanding of music would love this album.  I honestly feel that there must be something mentally wrong with the people who have an abnormal dislike for the Beatles and this album.   Are they so blinded by jealousy and ignorance that they actually believe  what they are saying?  I'm betting that that is the case, and I feel quite  sorry for them and those that they discourage from enjoying the Beatles.  <br />If you're reading these reviews, please ignore most of the negative  ones, and go to another site or the library to determine whether you should  buy this album.  There are some wackos out there who are trying to create a  misimpression of the Beatles musical legacy.
B0000062S0|3.0|I found this album extremely anoying.  I'm a giant Zep fan. but its easy to see that time has taken its toll on robert.  I did see them in concert though and it was unbelivable.  check out Jpj's new album Zooma.  It sounds  more like zep then this does
0792836510|5.0|This is one of the best westerns and best &quot;guy&quot; movies ever. It's long, but it's fun or at least interesting all the way through. If you like trains, the sight of the European rolling stock done up to look  American may strike you as kind of corny. But it sort of adds to the appeal  and the sense of the overblown story. Great stuff.<br />In one scene Tuco is  having his charges read at his soon-to-be curtailed hanging, one of which  is &quot;despoiling a white virgin&quot;. Like the distinction mattered.
B00000253N|5.0|I'm an older listener. I bought Blood On the Tracks  (LP) twenty-some years ago. I still hear it, but I haven't actually listened to it for many many years. I still sing it, word for word, as if I've just heard it.  That's the criteria by which I measure magnitude of the impact of this  work. &quot;Tangled Up in Blue&quot; still is searing to me,  &quot;Isis&quot; becomes so joyously salient with every new  experience,  adventure and the first snowstorm of every Winter. Measure the album by how  it becomes part of you, by how often your own life experiences bring the  songs to your lips. Indeed, the only point Dylan ever wanted to make was  yours.
B000003NA4|5.0|Diana Krall is backed up by superb musicians, especially Russell Malone, and sings songs in a way which is hard to find lately.  Pure beauty.  I could listen to her all day long.  I can't say enough about the enjoyment I  have in listening to her.
B00000IL1K|5.0|Sin duda el mejor trabajo de Sarah. Los arreglos de los temas clsicos son excepcionales. Lo mejor de este nuevo trabajo, creo es el Nessun Dorma de Puccini, y el tema Dust in the Wind de Kansas, que demuestran otra vez que  si los ngeles tuvieron voz, tendran la voz de Sarah Brightman.
6304119046|4.0|Let me make a comment for the benefit of those who contend they were &quot;bored out of their minds.&quot; As a film student I was struck with the creativity (not necessarily revolutionary!! just nifty, and rare) of  the camera angles, fade-ins, creative use of the black and white medium,  etc. Plus something no one seems to have debated, how he made the sound  work with the picture, like with &quot;Sing Sing&quot; - I guess someone  said that. I like the aesthetic qualities, of the sets, sound, and picture  combined, a perfect aesthetic mix. BUT!  I didn't appreciate this until a  second viewing, when I could anticipate a particular mood and see how  Welles evoked it, rather than sit through a stark, slow, impersonal  documentary (what I felt the first time). The pacing, yes, is tedious, but  you grow to appreciate it because 1. it's more realistic - life is not fed  to us in MTV-style sound bites, and 2. it fits Kane the character,  especially as he grows more conceited, decrepit, and shallow. Note the VERY  slow scene near the end in the gargantuan living room where he sits down in  an easy chair, a mile away from Susan doing her puzzle, and suggests as if  she were sitting right next to him, that they go picnic. If you've grown up  on MTV, it's harder to appreciate the use of silence to create mood. The  acting, some have said, is less than perfect. This is true. Susan is whiney  and intolerable and Kane's friends, like Bernstein, don't really betray any  substance and are, to be truly honest, dull as dirt. The best films from  Hollywood's &quot;Golden Era&quot;, or from any era, have memorable  characters; and if you really think, the only one here was Kane himself  (thanks to the incredible, articulate, bombastic Welles). The others were  (intentionally?) meant to be doorposts next to Kane, except Leland, and he  was only adequate. CK isn't the world's best film, since there are others  like it. But it's still worth a look, especially if you're into clever,  subtle bits that make you grin if you spot them.
6302969352|5.0|Quite simply, the most deserved and honored action film of all time.  The film community is still borrowing from this great film in cinema today.  The story and it's storytelling are timeless.
6301966988|2.0|This movie has all the ingredients for a truly beautiful movie, but they just never mix. I'm quite a fan of the &quot;Ghostly/Eternal love&quot; theme, but this movie just can't compare with the great movies of that  genre such as Always, A guy named joe and the best of them all, Gene  Tierney, and Rex Harrison's The Ghost an Mrs. Muir (1947)
068484267X|3.0|Though parts of this book are obviously biographical, I'll start by asking:Who compared it with Roddy Doyle...? Most of the childhood events are narrative and not original. And it reads that way! If I could hear the  author it may be different, but there are sections on sex, etc. which try  to out-Joyce Joyce's Portrait of an an Artist. I know: I heard exactly the  same lectures over 1/2 a century later with the same effects: hell-fire and  damnation for all you wankers! And how we laughed when face to face a  Jesuit tried sex-education. We responded as Frank might have: What do you  want to know, Father? The book is tremendous in narrative description but  the constant dwelling on the bog-side of life and his heroic effort to drag  himself out of it by any means show how desperate the situation was. All in  all when I got to the end, I was left dissatified and had a ton of  questions: where were the ashes? what about the promised land of fish and  chips? (I achieved that, only to skid in some-one's leavings!)I hate the  Jesuits as much as he hates the Church for slamming the door in his face.  That they did to me many times. Not because of my accent, North Yorkshire,  broad English! but because of my parent's job...he was  a manual worker and  he brought his money home every week!  So, Frank, lots in  common with you  but you hide too many things &quot;en passant&quot; or in your case with  the Church &quot; en pissant!&quot; I look forward to an improvement with  &quot;Tis&quot; and I bet the Church plays a little if no role in your  upbringing from age 18, 19 on, till later in life!
B000001F45|3.0|C'mon, Uriah Heep musically rates somewhere behind Tiny Tim's first cousin; their lasting value is that they provided a template for Rob Reiner's SPINAL TAP and provided a Jeopardy-style clue within Tom  Perrotta's book, THE WISHBONES (&quot;Who is Mick Box?&quot;). The title  track on this album is all that Spinal Tap's magnum opus,  &quot;Stonehenge&quot; tried to be, right down to the robed dwarves dancing  around a minature reproduction of same. And people called Yes pretentious??  But even lightweights like Uriah Heep can have their moments, and  &quot;Sweet Lorraine&quot; is the moment on this album. A four-to-the-floor  rocker, it shows off everybody, especially the late Gary Thain on bass, to  great effect. Thing is, there were always one or two great cuts on every  Uriah Heep album, and rather than wade through the DRECK that besots albums  like this one, go get their BEST OF URIAH HEEP collection, if you really  need your Heep. You'll get everything that was good about them without all  of the excelsior.
0345350499|2.0|I'm a big Arthur fan (fictional and historical), and read this because of its popularity and subject matter.  Very disappointing in its two dimensionality.  To sum up: Christianity = bad, men = bad, women = good,  earthy-crunchy women = better, godesses = best.  The book is too long to  carry such a one-note theme.<br />For anyone seriously interested in actual  Arthurian literature rather than Arthur-inspired drivel, I would recommend  _The Once &amp; Future King_ as the best of the genre, any books by  Geoffrey Ashe on the historical Arthur, Susan Cooper's _The Dark is Rising  Sequence_ as a good intro to Arthurian legend and characters for children  (or adults who know that good literature is good literature, regardless of  intended audience), and would marginally recommend books by Jack Whyte and  Guy Gavriel Kay (_The Fionavar Tapestry_).<br />And lastly (to address the  subject line), yes, Gwenhwyfar is a prissy whiner and Lancelot doesn't have  any personality.  I could have forgiven all sorts of offenses against  Arthurian tradition if the characters had been in the least bit engaging.
B000001FDI|2.0|I also remember when this album first came out, with the picture of the band as a last-minute replacement for the, ah, risque cover. Sorry, but all of these gents played better (and would later play better) elsewhere.<br />Over the years following Cream's demise, Ginger Baker proved to so many  that he really was and is a drum virtuoso. But here he's just plodding;  &quot;Do What You Like&quot; is a stone bore, making the live version of  &quot;Toad&quot; (from Cream's WHEELS OF FIRE) seem like &quot;At The  Hop&quot; by comparison. Rick Gresch was actually a much better musician  than pop history has had him painted (check out his work with Family and  the late Gram Parsons), but he's out of his depth with this band. Clapton  clearly sounds like he'd rather be anywhere else but here; his guitar  playing alternates between sloppy and invisible. This leaves Steve Winwood,  the only one who seems to come to life. His singing is spot-on and his  three songs aren't bad, just plowed under by the heavy-handed playing and  production.<br />There was a good reason this &quot;supergroup&quot; broke up;  nobody really had their heart in it. And it shows. Get a Cream, Traffic or  Family recording and pass this one by.
B00000K19E|5.0|I am not generally into sci-fi flicks but this movie is intense. I didnt expect much from Keanau Reeves but he did a marvelous job with his acting. The special effects were incredible, the soundtrack was fitting, and the  production was brilliant. This is one of the first movies I have wanted to  watch a second time over in a very long time. The DVD version only makes  this film more beautiful. Three thumbs up!
630463949X|1.0|The sound quality on the DVD is abominable. It does not come close to the James Taylor Live at the Beacon DVD.  The sound is flat and restrained.  What is worse is the poor use of the 5.1 format with percussion instruments  such as marachas eminating from the fromt and rear speakers without any  sense of spacial reality.  A terrible effort which will stand as an  embarrassment to the production staff and ultimately the band for allowing  its release.
6304935811|5.0|&quot;Patton&quot; is one of my favorite movies of all time.  I once watched it three times in the same day, I love it so much.  What makes this movie more than just another war movie is George C. Scott.  His Patton is  so engrossing that you cannot take your eyes off him.  The performance  shows ego unleashed and unchecked by any bonds of modesty or conscience.   While I certainly wouldn't like the man that is portrayed, you get an  understanding of him that is more complete than any charachter in any other  movie.  This is the fully realized man, both monster and hero at the same  time.  Only Scott could have given this performance, and without him the  movie would have been decent at best.  With Scott, this should easily make  everyone's top 100 list--despite the fact that ranking movies is idiocy  itself.  As I implied, it is the single most dynamic and engaging  performance I have ever seen, or will ever see.
B000002J0P|5.0|CSN's first masterpiece. Judy Blue Eyes is outstanding
038097617X|5.0|Recommend this to anyone. Hilarious. Could hardly put the book down. Keyes is a talented writer. Anxious to read her next book.
B000002LPD|1.0|Way back when, Van Halen rocked and had attitude. Now their brand of rock is stale and tasteless. Conclusion: an album by a band past it's prime; only for die hard fans and Van halen completists.
630179513X|4.0|The third installment in the Back to the future-trilogy is a love story and an ending, with boring passages, but still that magical touch of Spielberg/Zemeckis, that makes a movie charming. Fox is back as Marty  (...and Seamus McFly), Lloyd as Doc, ther're a nice duo and they form a  nice movie, for generations to come. But ... why did they changed the  original Jennifer into Elisabeth Shue ?
B000002MIB|1.0|I bought this CD, listened to it twice and then pawned it. Repeated listenings of this performance are impossible. It is so boring and stale. I also owned the live video, and never got through it once. Wait for a live  Van Halen album during the David Lee Roth era. It's your only hope.
0684867621|3.0|I have always taken King's books seriously, so this attempt to write a &quot;serious book&quot; confuses me. Unfortunately, King has to live with the stigma of sub-literature that people put on just about any genre piece.  This terrific novel by any other standards, did not hold up for me when  compared to other King greats. There are moments of pure brilliance - in  fact, page 100 to the end are terrific. Trisha's family history is very  realized, as are her friends, but sometimes the voice of Trisha wavers.  Sometimes she's too adult, sometimes too childish. The cacophony of her  terrible mistakes clashed against her moments of insight are difficult to  believe. Mostly, there are moments where we are wandering in the woods with  her, and unfortunately, are also lost and a little bored.
B000002HHB|4.0|natalie merchant &quot;bagus sekali&quot;, ya?  she is very good, i like.  But semua (how do you say?)  all same?  semua sama-sama.  says bisa tidur dengan ini, sesuatu bagus sekali, tidur di pesawat dekat ke orang-orang  prancis yang jelek!  Very calm, i like.
1573226521|3.0|There is so much great stuff in this book - a wonderful writing style, great characters, nicely described settings, and a distinctive voice of the younger generation.   With all these elements, this should be a five star,  hands down.   But...well, I think the story just wasn't for me.   As  another reader said, I was ethusiastic for the first 60 pages, then found  myself first dissapointed, then bored, with where the plot went.  (Even the  ending failed to creep me much.)  I have a feeling the next guy over,  however, would be enthralled - and that this rating is just personal taste.   Read the book (I recommend it just for its writing alone) and judge for  yourself.
068484267X|5.0|I had a hard time putting this book down.  I cried and laughed so hard, I certainly can not wait for the movie, I will read it again. Excellent.  Good job Mr. McCourt!
B000002GY9|4.0|Waits' theatricality and performance artist instincts I think are overdone on this particular record, whether he's doing his jazzy monologues or slower, more sentimental ballady numbers. His street-drunk demeanor seems  cliched (nothing as far out yet as &quot;Innocent When You Dream&quot;) and  isn't that interesting to me; a lot of the songs also have an affected,  maudlin feel.  This album was made after Waits had roughened up his persona  but before he'd done the same to his sound; it feels a bit  uneven.<br />However!  I generally love Waits and there are some songs I like  a lot here -- &quot;Tom Traubert's Blues,&quot; &quot;Invitation to the  Blues&quot; and &quot;Small Change&quot; particularly.  But I feel that  this album is pretty hit and miss.
B000003NA4|5.0|I was jumping around Amazon, listening to the Top Sellers, when I heard Diana Krall's voice and immediately ordered my first CD of her music.  What an incredible experience.  I put it in, as I was starting to fix my  family's supper.  But I was so captivated by the music, that I turned  supper off, my husband took the kids to McDonalds, and I sat and savored  the music.<br />Unlike others who criticized her voice, I really liked the  fresh phrasing.  I even liked that many  of the songs were old standards.   In her hands, they are sparkling and new.  And...I especially liked  listening to her playing the piano.  It was like listening to old friends  talk -- there's history, humor, and warmth.  This is altogether a wonderful  album.
B00000K19E|5.0|Watch this movie, it's the best Sci fi since Starwars
B0000057C5|4.0|Du Hasst is a really awsome song, thats what got me hooked. I don't have the cd and don't know wha the other songs are, but Du Hasst is a catchy song.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is the best movie of '99. The plot of this movie opens the whole film up to endless posibilities. The special effects are groundbreaking, and will no doubt be see in many movies to come.  This is a movie not to be  missed. Hopefully the sequels will be crafted as to do justice to this  film.
0783225970|5.0|Any movie that uses the F-word more than any other *must* rate five stars.  Oh, and the shootout in the disco was outstanding too.
B00000J615|5.0|No need to say more than all of my predecessors...DK is a great artist and a real treat if you ever have the pleasure of seeing her perform first-hand. I have admired DK for years, and now that she is finally  getting some publicity, the fickle personalities of the jazz community are  talking down this fresh talent that continues to improve. Nevertheless, DK  is a jewel with a style that i look forward to time and time again, and  this cd embodies all the musical qualities i have grown to love from Diana.
B000002H5I|5.0|The first time I heard &quot;Fast Car&quot; I was hooked! I had to listen to that song again. Before I knew it, I had rushed out to get the CD. I truly belive it is one of the most beautifully crafted album, coming out of  the eighties, when the music then was quite questionable! The album has the  mood of the nineties, and true to this day, it still sounds good. The  lyrics are so meaningful, especially &quot;Behind the Wall&quot;.
0061053430|5.0|I bought this book for a friend, and decided to keep it for myself when I recieved it. Very interesting and intriguing technical music.
0688156819|5.0|This poetry of Tim Burton is like nothing I've ever read before. I absolutely love this book. If you like out of the ordinary poetry and art then this is the book for you.
6303855474|4.0|This movie is not as bad as some would have you believe. What movie couldn't be a little better? Armand Assante's portrail of Rico alone makes this worth the money. My only question is; What happened to the ending? One  second there's some fighting and a few gunshots, then suddenly the whole  place is blowing up. There is definately some missing footage here. Where's  the DVD director's cut? My money will wait until then.
B000002JK4|5.0|Big Log came out in the fall of my Sophomore year of high school and I remember how it captivated me way back then.  I wondered who this wonderful artist was.  I had never even heard of Robert Plant.  When &quot;In the  Mood&quot; was released, I knew that I had buy the album which I still  have.  Three worn out copies of the tape and a replacement CD later, I can  still remember climbing into the backseat of my car, putting my head  between the two triaxial speakers, and letting &quot;Big Log&quot; take me  away to a lonely, far off place.
B000002MG1|5.0|well, it's been - what? - seven years now?  i guess it has....albums really can't be judged with any sort of accuracy until they've been around for a couple of years at least -- otherwise, the &quot;newness&quot; factor  has an odd way of interfering with rational judgement: works that seem  incredible at first listen sometimes just don't hold up over time. but  that's not the case with this enigmatic, beautiful gem of an album.  time  has proven it to be (apart from the unreal &quot;murmur&quot;, which is one  of the four or five greatest albums of the rock era) r.e.m.'s crowning  achievement and easily one of the greatest albums of this decade.
0783226063|4.0|Dune is a doomed film. The book is wwaaaayyyy too  complicated to film, so this is like watching  samples from it. Beautifully done samples!<br />Dune was a great book. Read the book, THEN see the movie, and you'll understand  why some people give  it 5 stars. By the way - don't read the rest of the  books in the series. You were warned...
B00000JG41|5.0|When I first poped this CD in, I was like, &quot;What the hell? This is Mr. Bungle?&quot;  But after the first run through, I couldn't stop listening to it, and I listened to it again.  It took me a while to warm up  to &quot;The Holy Filament,&quot; but now I love the whole album!  I think  it's definitely their best.  It combines the great lyrical/vocal prowess of  the first album, and the musical prowess of the second album.  This is  possibly the definitive Mr. Bungle album!  Patton explores the full range  of his godly larynx, Dunn is great on bass, Trey gets to explore more style  of guitar riffs, great precussion on &quot;Air-Conditioned Nightmare&quot;  by Danny, and poor Bar has to go it alone of the sax (with the departure of  Theo Lengyel).  Mr. Bungle is just funky circus ska metal anymore...okay,  maybe just a little bit.  Mr. Bungle, you rock my world!
0783233094|5.0|This movie is really good because it teaches you great lessons about the importance of friendship and love. the story talks about idgy who's brother gets hit by a train trying to save Ruth's hat and from then on idgy hated  Ruth until the day they became best friends. Idgy is a tomboy and Ruth is a  lady. I recommend this to anyone who loves their friends and who loves love  stories.this a movie you have to stick with or else you wont understand the  ending
B00000JPHG|5.0|COMEDY, COMEDY, COMEDY<br />I bought this movie from here a few days ago because it has not yet been released in England and I think its the second best in the whole series...Buy this movie..<br />You wont regret it...I  didn't!!
6301562941|4.0|Until today, I did not even know there was a director's cut. I have to see it! The story line was good, the acting (most of it) great. A lot of the customer comments focus on Ed Harris-- with good reason. He was  wonderful.  But so was Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio. Her drowning seen was one of the  most intense, believable, and heartbreaking scenes I've ever seen. It's the  reason I bought the video!      The very end though was a big  disappointment. The underwater city looked like it was made by  preschoolers. But the rest of the movie more than makes up for it. I highly  recommend it!
6305451591|5.0|This is the most wonderful movie I've ever seen!  It gives such powerful lessons about hope and love and the beauty of the human spirit.  In no way does it minimize the horrors of that period in our history but shows how it  is possible to rise above evil and despair. It is truly a salute to life  and a lesson in thankfulness everyone should see.
B000006NPY|5.0|Though I don't love it, I can't say I hate it, cuz I don't.  And I could never hate something the pumpkins did.  there is no bad pumpkin song.  But people, I must confess, siamese dream was definitely their best--it's  heartfelt like this album, and rocks like MCIS.  I'm really happy that  jimmy's gonna be back w/ the band, though.  No offense, mr. drum machine,  but jimmy kicks a**!  I think the new album comes out in february.  Best  songs on this cd: perfect, once upon a time, tear, pug, and shame.
6305508550|4.0|This movie was very funny and I highly recommend it.  It is a story of something we all wish we could do, leave our workplace and not have a care in the world.  In addition, the supporting actors provide lots of comedy  for the movie.
6303159966|2.0|The first hour or so of CUJO basically kills time.  Then comes the exciting part where the rabid St. Bernard dog terrorizes a mother and child who are trapped in a stalled car.  That half-hour would have been a scary  short subject but sitting through CUJO's boring first hour made me wish I  was late for the movie.
B000002UY3|5.0|I bought this record on a whim about five years ago. The hypnotic sound of Hope's voice and the dreamy guitar work combine to create a sensual, erotic feel. I like all of Mazzy Star's records, but this is the best, in my  opinion.
0671784560|5.0|This is one of the most amazingly bittersweet novels I have ever read. I will never forget it, and think about it frequently in seemingly unrelated places of my life. If you can come across this book, I definitely suggest  it!
B000000OAC|5.0|I often find it amazing when a group can make me fall in love with music, but Queen always seems to do just that.  Their music, their guitar, their vocals...nothing beats their unique sound and nothing ever will....Great  album
B000001XO3|5.0|Varnay had neither Flagstad's burnished old-gold voice nor Nilsson's shattering top but her instrument was big, tough and responsive; pity it went so fast.  What she brings to her Brunnhilde is a ferocious dramatic  commitment that carries her reputation into Valhalla. Skeptics can go to  Gotterdammerung, starting either with Act II's &quot;Betrug...&quot; or  straight to the finale (&quot;Starke scheite...&quot;).  This live,  mid-century, middle-European Ring will, despite obviously dated sound, go  right to or near the top of anybody's Wagner collection. An unmissable  bargain. P.S. Don't miss Varnay's hair-raising Ortrud, either.
B000003N89|5.0|i THINK THIS GAL HAS IT ALL IN HER VOICE AND FINGERS
078062369X|3.0|I used to read Blade when he was a supporting character in the Tomb of Dracula and Dr. Strange comic books during the 70's and 80's. Those were the days--Blade the Vampire Slayer, Hannibal King, Rachael Van Helsing,  Lilith...all brought to life by the mind of the incomparable Roy Thomas  rendered by the stylish talents of Gene Colan, an artist who has yet to  find an inker capable of enhancing, rather than obscuring, his work.  Ahhhhh. While this is not quite the same guy (and I haven't read the  redesigned 90's comic books), the film does deliver enough rock-em, sock-em  action to keep everybody entertained on Pizza Friday Night, with enough  brooding and situational (if not character) development to allow a quick  trip to answer Nature's Call. This movie is designed to be an action film,  not a cerebral thriller, and as an action film, it delivers exactly what it  advertises--evil bad guy and his cannon (or sword) fodder, stalwart,  implacable hero, and his trusty sidekicks. No problem there; just don't try  to dissect it too deeply.<br />I see a lot of comparisons to other movies,  notably Lost Boys, which took literally years to grow on me, and John  Carpenter's Vampires, which I did not see (after having read the book it  was based on, &quot;Vampire$&quot; and the same author's earlier  &quot;Armor,&quot; it was clear to me that the most intriguing aspects of  the books--what he was doing with Jack Crow and Felix--would NEVER  translate to the screen (the same Jack Crow and Felix were in both books,  but both had completely different histories, and the books were in  different genres, time periods, and planets)). I'd have to say comparing  this film and Lost Boys is an apples and oranges issue. The movies had  completely different purposes. Lost Boys was a grey comedy, and this is an  action flick. You might as well compare this with the Christopher Lee  Dracula movies from Hammer Films.<br />One thing I did like about this film  immensely: Ever since BarnabasCollins, for whom the following made SENSE  and represented a CHANGE, cinema vampires have increasingly been presented  as tragic romantic figures. Even when they were bad, they were magnetic and  sensual--the bite became a euphamism for the consummation of a  relationship, the ultimate example being Interview With the Vampire, where  EVERY bite was sexual in essence. Not so with these babies. When one of  Blade's enemies bites you, it's not because he likes you; it's because  you're dinner. You are expendable, and he has no more regard for you than  you might have for a slab of steak in your grocer's cooler. To me, that  strikes a chord that makes these guys even more dangerous.
0385486804|5.0|Reading this book was like rubber-necking when driving past a wreck.  It's so upsetting and yet I was unable to put it down.  I felt the same way about &quot;Into Thin Air&quot;.  It really makes me appreciate all the  blessings I have in my life.  In the end of the book he identified with a  passage from Dr. Zhivago and wrote &quot;...unshared happiness is not  happiness...&quot; and &quot;Happiness only real when shared.&quot;  How  sad that he came to that conclusion at a time when he would never have  earthly companionship again.
B000000W5P|5.0|This album was the Stones at their 1970's zenith.  Every Stones album in the 70's, from \\"Sticky Fingers\\" to \\"Black And Blue\\" had a few good tracks each, but this one topped them all.  All the songs are  good, though some are better than others.  <br />Best songs:   \\"Respectable,\\" \\"When The Whip Comes Down,\\" and  \\"Before They Make Me Run.\\"   Honorable mention:  \\"Far Away  Eyes\\" and \\"Beast of Burden\\"<br />Overall, though, this was the  Stones' finest album since \\"Let It Bleed.\\"  \\"Exile On Main  Street\\" would have given \\"Some Girls\\" a run for its money if  it were a singles album.  If anyone was first discovering the Stones, I'd  recommended this album to them.
0792841344|5.0|There are alot of movies that try to get to the level that phantasm has achieved.  I have seen this movie several times but first probably when I was about 6 or so watching late night fright shows with my father.  The  killing spheres seemed neat and interesting, but what was really  interesting was the tall man.  Trying to figure out where he comes from and  what he is kinds of holds you, not in suspense necessarily, but in morbid  curiousity.  Over time I followed the series as a dedicated  &quot;Phan&quot; of the series, and always rented or purchased the movies  when they became available.  Part one and four are the better of the  series.  Two was ok, but used a different actor for mike.  That's another  thing about the movie.  It uses the same actors, except for mike in part  two for all the movies, and the timespan is 20 years.  That is amazing to  me.  Anyway, I must go now.  Check out the movie, and give it a chance.  I  am happy this edition comes with these extras.
0780626966|5.0|I just recieved the Nightmare Collection.  All i can say is...get it...get it now. The box is so detailed, and the quality of the films have never looked better...they look better than ever before!... In Widescreen! The  Encylopeida is a mind blowing experinece... Just get it...think about it  after you buy it.<br />abe
6304117752|5.0|I'm very disappointed to know that this one of the greatese movie has not been released on DVD!
0385334206|5.0|This was suppose to be his last, thus paving the path for the most outrageous book he has written.  Funniest and most unique book I have read to this point in my life.
B00000JCOV|4.0|Slipknot is a good death-metal band, but they aren't exactly metal, more of a mix between metal and rap and alternative and techno. Overall a pretty good CD. Lyrics aren't THAT bad, just a little heavier than most. If you  can stand Kid Rock's (even though i really hate him) and Korn's and Limp  Bizkit's lyrics, you could handle this (it's all those combined, about). If  you are really mad one day, and you want to kill somebody and are just  really pissed off, this is the CD to listen to.
0780624890|4.0|To the reviewer who claimed that such vampire movies as FRIGHT NIGHT and THE LOST BOYS are better than BLADE: Lighten up.  Those were vampires in the 80s.  BLADE is defiently vampires for the 90s.  With the popularity of  games like THE MASQUERADE out there, it was inevitable that the classic  holy-water-and-cucufix vampire lore was going to change.<br />And what a  change.  BLADE rocks.  On one level, it is one of the best Hong-Kong style  action flicks to be filmed in America, with at least one very cool, very  symbolic, very well-choreographed scene that even rivals the fight scenes  in the seminal American HK Fight flick, THE MATRIX.  On another level, it  is one of the best comic-book-to-screen adaptions ever produced (speaking  as a comics fan, these are few and far between).  Not quite as good as  Burton's BATMAN, though obviously inspired by it, but much, MUCH better  than any of the bat's sequals.  Snipes is good and creepy, Dorff is a  likeable scumbucket, and Kris Kristofferson pulls off his best role since  AMERIKA.<br />And the DVD is great.  Superior picture, suprior sound, and  the absolute BEST set of extras ever put to disc.<br />It's not perfect;  there's a car chase that's laughably corny, some snippets of bad dialogue,  and one fight scene that falls flat.  But overall, well deserving of the  four stars.
B000009ED0|5.0|This CD is exactly what Kid's fans want. It is rap and heavy metal combined in to the greatest CD in this category!I recomend this CD to each and every one of yal'l rock fans!
6304118392|5.0|Oliver Stone paints a vivid picture of the American media's bloodlust.  Being from Colorado, this movie accuratly portrays the publics and the medias desire for increasingly bloody acts of violence.  While Mickey and  Mallory are out murdering people, the cheap geraldo rip-off is glorifying  them in every aspect.  For those people with weaker constitutions and a  fear of seeing the truth about the glorification of American serial  killers, go rent a disney film.  oliver Stone should be hailed for  masterfully directing an intelligent Quinten Tarentino script.  Don't judge  it for the violence, don't watch it for the gore, just put it on and get  ready to to bask in the glowing satire.
0385486804|5.0|Follow the compelling story of Chris McCandless as chronicled by Jon Krakauer. Both men seemed at once sensitive and at odds with phoney, stiff, sanitized society. Both men ran to find the thrill of independence and  self-sufficiency in the wilds of nature. Both seem to find what they  are  looking for. McCandless finds it and never lives to tell about it. His  story is compassionately related by Krakauer, who seems more kin than  journalist. A stunning, captivating true story, excellently told.
0783235607|5.0|As a 22 year old movie freak, I've seen tons on horror movies, but nothing compares to PSYCHO. Anthony Perkins is the best, perfectly portraying someone of that character, and the new guy in the remake(whatever his name  is)isn't even a shaddow of him. I almost diddn't even watch it because it  lacked Perkins. I did and it was very dissapointing, but i diddnt expect it  to be much. Psyco is the bomb, I've watched it nearly every day since I  first saw it over a year ago.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is the best movie I have every seen.   This non-stop action,thought provoking and romantic movie will have you glued to the screen from beginning to end.  I'll bet you money that you'll watch it twice and keep  it for the rest of your life.  TRY IT YOU'LL LIKE! I GURANTEE IT...
B00000JGOJ|1.0|The DVD version of the movie suffers from severe pixelization.  Terrible transfer from film to DVD format.  Unable to enjoy movie due to poor quality.  If you like the comments given by other viewers get the VHS  version.
0606049134|5.0|This is the first Vonnegut book I've read. I'm only 15 so I thought maybe I'd have trouble with it. But it was great! It's anti-war themes were terrific and really made me think about my beliefs on war. I can't wait to  read more. So it goes.....
0201485672|5.0|This book is the perfect complement to more theoretical approaches to OO.  Wonderfully useful and fun to read.  BUY THIS BOOK!!
0385493800|5.0|I have read several of John Grisham books and this &quot;The Testament,&quot; is one of the best? I found it very exciting particularly the trip to the jungles of Brazil. I followed the dealings and misdealing  of all the lawyers involved, cheered with and for Nate as he struggled with  his own past and his new found relationship with God. I was hoping for a  different relationship with Rachel. However the ending was good. I have highly recommended this book to  all, Grisham fans and those who might be first time readers.
0800141660|5.0|I wasn't going to buy this DVD. I already have the film on VHS normal and VHS widescreen. Now I have all 3 formats.<br />The commentary track by Emma Thompson and Lindsay Doran is the most entertaining I've heard on any DVD.  The two of them obviously enjoyed making the film and they have lots of  little stories to tell about it. Their comments fill in a lot of questions  I was left with after reading Emma Thompson's published screenplay.<br />I was  curious to see the infamous kissing scene. I see why it was left out, but  it's nice to have finally seen it. Mix it with brief cuts that are in the  trailers and not in the film, and there's some interesting extra material.  But of course films are best if they leave you wanting more.<br />The only  thing I'd change about this movie, if I could, would have been to have the  sisters both be teenagers. Emma Thompson did a great job as a  twentysomething older sister, but Elinor's character really should have  been an older, serious teen against Marianne's impulsive teen.  Pronouncements by Emma's Elinor carry too much conviction because she's  just those few years older. The &quot;I wish Marianne had a better  acquaitance with the ways of the world&quot; exchange with Col. Brandon has  a very different flavor if it comes from, say, a nineteen-year-old.
0790729350|5.0|I have a Sony VAIO that I use as a multimedia center on plane trips and at work, to listen and watch. Woodstock is a great find, that can be watched as a movie, listened to as music. I have two children, and the movie serves  as a good explanation of the confusion of the times.
0783230664|5.0|I saw it in cinema one day after class with my classmate when I was still living in California.  We were around 20 at the time and we laughed out loud like the children around when we saw the duck knocking at the window!
6303122647|5.0|Excellent movie: a masterpiece regarding the score, the creation of a completely new, different and fantastic atmosphere and wonderful characters. Tim Burton has a capacity of imagination and creativity beyond  limits, he is a veritable artist. For those who think the movie is violent,  I recommend they watch it again to capture the beauty and naivety of the  Halloweentown creatures. I wished to rate the movie with more stars, but  unfortunately, we only have five...
B00000J2L7|5.0|The movies' title itself is also satiric.  Yes, it is kind of crazy, but fun!  Haven't see it yet?  Go and rent it if possible, and you'll like it and buy a copy (unless you don't know what they're doing).
B00000JTB2|5.0|Albert King of the Blues with SRV in session 'CALL IT STORMY MONDAY'... but Tuesday's just as bad...,(i can' hear you...) 'ASK ME NO QUESTIONS,' but this is the best guitar work i've heard.  'BLUES AT SUNRISE'..., (do it  again i like that....)  This is a treasure !!!  Wish it could be done  again.  Guitar work is fine, i mean fine !!!  Pass the 'MATCH BOX BLUES.'   enjoy.
B0000009SY|5.0|If I was stranded on a desert Island and could only take a very limited amount of music, this would be one of my first choices.
B00000IQC8|2.0|My first viewing of &quot;Clerks&quot; was in a movie theatre, and I laughed so hard that I didn't even notice how bad it looked. It was made for $27000 and it shows. I think it's a great film and that homemade  quality adds appeal, but it looks particularly cheesy on DVD.  My main  reason for giving this a mediocre 2 stars is the quality of the extras. The  deleted scenes are just stuck on the disc, and the commentary track by  Kevin Smith and cohorts is poorly recorded and for the most part  uninsightful. It's funny in parts - particularly enjoyed hearing Smith  belch and hiccup, and Jason Mewes snore - but really not for the reasons  you'd expect. Still, I'd say buy the DVD if it weren't so damn expensive.  The film cost about a nickel to make, and not much more was put into  producing the DVD extras. This just isn't worth the money. IF you must own  &quot;Clerks,&quot; get the VHS version or wait for the price to come down  on the DVD.
B00000DQWT|4.0|While Side 2 (commencing with Bowie's crooning on the theme song) is pretty much a wash out in terms of jazz and film music - the chorales are just too much!), Side 1 is a different kettle of fish altogether.   Highglighting a string of 4 SUPER CUTS is the main theme &quot;Chris&quot;,  probably the seminal pre-hip hop rhythm of the 80s, layered with Lyle Mayes  poignant synthesizers.  &quot;Chris&quot; is one of those hypnotic groove  jams you immediately want to put on a tape loop and play for 60 minutes  until you've achieved that altered state of consciousness.   &quot;Dalton&quot;, another jam, is almost just as infectious.  So just  program your CD to repeat the first four cuts ad infinitum and you'll be  transported.
0385486804|3.0|I have read nearly all of Jon Krakauer's books and have enjoyed them all. He is a superb writer, however, I sensed that he admired Chris.  Sorry, that escapes me.  This book was aggravating to me from the  &quot;get-go&quot;.  Chris was a spoiled, lazy, thoughtless,selfish and  user brat! I had absolutely zero sympathy for the situation he put himself  in. He died because he wanted to.
B00000K2SC|5.0|I thought the story was a bit confusing at first.  Knowing the diffrence between what was supposed to be reality and what was dreamlike.  After a while you catch on.  Some of the characters were vague.  The three main  characters got the most attention (Reeves, Fishburn, and the darkheaded  girl).  The fighting scenes were adreneline pumped.  Although if you are  into martial arts I think that you'll find that some of the moves weren't  powerfull enough to do what they did.  Some moves looked too slow or  clumsy.  The special effects were the best I've seen yet.  This is a  definite buy.
0385484518|5.0|In a world that all too often seems callous, selfish and cold, Mitch and Morrie fill this small book with a selfless and unconditional love of life.  Neither sanctimonious nor unctuous, the simple truths described by the  people in this book are enduring and comforting.  If you can only buy one  book a year, make it this one.<br />Bec
B000002KO1|5.0|This should be an &quot;Essential Recording&quot;.  Sounds fresh even after, what, 20 years?!?  If they'd re-release this and change the band's name to &quot;Limper Biskit&quot; or &quot;Hynde Quarters&quot;, etc.  it  would go Platinum.  Some of the best rock-and-roll ever recorded.  The  excitement on &quot;Precious&quot; still knocks me over.  Every song rings  with energy and insight.  They should really re-release this with HDCD.
B00000K19E|1.0|The Matrix DVD has problems playing on many DVD Players.  Alot of PC DVD players don't work at all.  Many Home DVD players have severe problems.<br />Mine doesn't work at all with this DVD.
B000002KXV|5.0|I bought this album for a trek in Nepal back in 1984.  Half way into the trek I pulled it out and listened to it while hiking and the miles just melted away with every song.  Now everytime I listen to this classic Fagen  album I get vivid memories of that classic Everest trek.
B00000IQCZ|5.0|Meet Me In St. Louis is a lovely film, based on episodes in the life of a large family living in early 20th Century St. Louis at the time of the World's Fair. Judy Garland and Margaret O'Brien are both amazing in this  film and are very strongly supported by the rest of the cast. <br />My 6 year  old daughter is hooked on it too now (and I guess that's about the age when  I first saw it) and we often watch it together for a treat. I have watched  it countless times and am always happy to watch it again.<br />Meet Me in St.  Louis is essentially a &quot;pastoral&quot; musical that celebrates the  values of small town America, a popular theme in MGM musicals, especially  those directed by Minelli. The so-called delights of the big metropolis New  York are exposed as undesirable and compared unfavorably with the simple  &quot;purer&quot; family life of St. Louis - which is a big city too but  &quot;doesn't seem big, out here where we live&quot;. <br />But it is not just  a chocolate box movie, in spite of the beautiful music, romantic theme and  gorgeous costumes and photography. Of course it is full of great musical  set pieces - such as The Trolley Song and Skip to My Lou - but it has many  &quot;dark episodes&quot; as well. The best is when Vincente Minelli  borrows very sucessfully from the horror genre for the Halloween scene, and  the dark disturbing scene when the snow people are decapitated by Tudy who  would rather destroy them rather than leave them behind for strangers.  Also, I'm not sure what the two nuns at the Fair mean in the final scenes,  but I'm sure they are significant because the camera focuses on them rather  than the lead characters who are actually talking in that scene. Maybe I'll  need to watch it a few hundred times more to decide.
B00000K19E|5.0|What is the Matrix? I wasn't quite sure what to expect the first time I saw The Matrix. It looked like it would yet another special-fx movie with a boring cast (Keanu Reeves) and no story. But was I pleasently surprised.  Although I could still never refer to Keanu Reeves as talented actor at  least I can say he has been in a movie worth shelling out $7.50 for at the  theatre.  The Matrix gave me a new perspective on society. In many ways we  too live in a matrix--a future that is decided for us from the day we are  born. It makes you wonder if what we see and do is real or maybe we are  living in a dream world. It shows just exactly what can happen once you  become to dependent on your own creations. Now that's a scary thought--you  invent a machine to do your chores and it instead revolts against you and  takes over the world. It proves that ignorance is bliss, but that if you  really want to enjoy your life you need to learn new things everyday. I  would definitely recommend this movie to anyone.
B000006045|5.0|The best album of the century. Really i mean it. Those guys are incredible. Veeery Fascinating,impulsive, melancholic and... You describe it! Once again the Bristol`s back. You know guys, the Brits do it better  than anybody else. The Massive Attack does even better. The tracks Rising  Son and the title song Mezzanine make me feel like dying. If you are tired  of listening to crap tunes, that album is the cure.
080017948X|5.0|When I saw this movie for the first time, it was 2 o'clock in the morning. You can't imagine in what weird state of mind I got out of the cinema! At the one hand it should be nice to have the opportunity to do a day again,  but if it's the same day all over, again and again, you have to be a little  more creative. That's exactly what the writers had in mind, because he  (Bill Murray) changes his view on that same day several times. It's a  terribly unique idea to make a movie with that thought!
B00000K2SC|4.0|The role of Neo must have been written specifically for Keanu Reeves.  It was perfectly tailored to his abilities - He didn't have to say too much, and he looked fantastic in a long black leather trench coat.
B000002U9W|5.0|The title track is strange and wonderful--like a dream where reality seems slightly out of joint.  &quot;Fat Old Sun&quot; and &quot;Summer of '68&quot; are both strong songs which hint at Floyd's later work.   &quot;Fat Old Sun&quot; follows the same formula as &quot;Comfortably  Numb&quot;: a nice chord sequence, a refrain which is longer than the  verse, and a powerful guitar solo at the end.  &quot;Alan's Psychadelic  Breakfast&quot; is odd and rambling, but fun to listen to.  Really, the  only low point of this CD is Waters' &quot;If&quot; which is monotonous.   Regardless, this CD merits 5 stars based on the titile track alone, and  with three other good songs besides, it is an excellent choice.
B00000099Y|4.0|This is a great album.  I was not impressed by Opiate, but Undertow showed steps in the right direction.  Then came this cd, and I was blown away.  The melody on Stinkfist is great, Eulogy is awesome, and Third Eye is one  of the coolest songs I've ever heard.  All in all a good addition to any cd  collection.
6301647734|5.0|I have practically worn out my VHS tape of this delightful film, I watch it over and over and never tire of it!  Josephine Hull gives a hysterically funny performance which I believe won her an Oscar, if I'm not mistaken. I  am anxiously awaiting the DVD, at least I can't wear it out!!
8477201447|5.0|Coello simplifies the human quest for fullfillment and realization in a languaje that anyone can understand; everybody has a dream and the ability to make it come true. This book tells you how to do it in a nice fable.   Albertossi Arevalo
0440217563|5.0|This is one of the best books I have ever read.  I have bought all four paperbacks and wish I had invested in hard copies.  I have passed them on to 3 people who have also been as enthusiastic as I about them.  Can't wait  for the next installment to see what can possibly happen to Claire,Jamie,  and Brianna.  Each time I finished a book, I was sorry it ended and was  hungry for more.  They are all so rich in the history, culture, facts and  the love story is one that everyone should wish could happen for them.   Just when you think nothing else could happen, another adventure occurs -  great fun!
0131103628|5.0|This is, contrary to the Australian and SF reviewers below, the book that defines what is the C programing language, by the people who created the C programing language.  What seems to have been missed is that this is not a  happy-happy joy-joy &quot;We'll hold your hand while you stumble through a  book written for elementary school children, that teaches you trivial  concepts about programing while learning nothing substantive.&quot;<br />This  book is not for amateurs nor newbies.  Reviews that criticize it for that  are from people who simply have no clue.<br />It is quite simply the most  important resource for programming in C for anyone who is actually  concerned about the actual definition and capabilities of the language.   You can in fact learn C by reading this book, but I wouldn't recommend it  for that.  I would recommend it to someone who knows how to program, knows  the basics of C, and needs a reference for &quot;how things really work,  deep down in the core of the langauge.&quot;
B00000K2SC|5.0|This movie is well worth the price. It has some of the best special effects I have ever seen, some of the awesomest fight scenes I have ever seen, and it's a 2hr movie. All this for a low price.
B00001QEE7|3.0|The Little Mermaid is the only Disney DVD I'm going to purchase this fall.  It will be nice to see this movie in letterbox format after years of pan-and-scan mediocrity on the VHS version.  I was hoping for Beauty and  the Beast on DVD, but apparently Disney wants to re-release that in  theatres soon.  Anyway, LM will be under my Christmas tree this December,  no doubt!
6304044836|5.0|This remake of the 1954 Sabrina starring Audrey Hepburn and Humphrey Bogart adds its own wonderful twist on a classic.  Harrison Ford is Linus Larrabee, the eldest son of the Larrabee family who took over the reigns  for his father and turned the multi-million dollar family business into  some &quot;serious cash.&quot; Greg Kinnear makes his onscreen debut and  makes the younger brother, David, into a lovable hopeless lover.  Sabrina,  played by the incandescent Julia Ormond, admires David from afar, and is  the daughter of the family's chaffeur.  After a trip to Paris turns Sabrina  into a stunning beauty, David finds it hard to keep his attentions on his  lovely fance, Elizabeth Tyson (Lauren Holly).  Linus proceeds to court  Sabrina for what seems to be &quot;business purposes&quot;, but is he  really hinding his feelings for the beautiful Sabrina?  Nancy Marchand  plays as Maude Larrabee, David's and Linus's mother, and has some real gems  for lines, adding to the devilishly clever sarcasm that makes this movie  absolutely hilarious.  Definitely one of the best movies I know of.
0783225849|5.0|The curious thing about Psycho is that, like Citizen Kane, everyone admires it, but nobody could claim to love it.  The subject matter is fairly repellant, of course, but for a lot of the time, it's like  scrutinising a copybook exercise or listening to a beautifully played piano  study. You admire Psycho, but, unlike say Vertigo (arguably Hitchcock's  best movie) you cannot ever warm to it.  In part this is because it's too  familiar for many of the set pieces to shock.  Indeed, anyone coming to  this film fresh after more modern horror films may be surprised at: (a) the  lack of obvious violence (b) the sparsity of violent moments and (c) the  time it takes before the first violent act occurs.  <br />Put another way - by  the standards of later horror and suspense films, Psycho is at times rather  dull.  However, there wouldn't have been horror films of a quality to  surpass Psycho in sheer visceral terms had Psycho not existed in the first  place.  The historical importance of the film is inestimable.  Essentially,  it kicked the genre up the pants and made it far more intelligent. In  addition, the technical qualities of the movie (in particular the  cinematography) are superb, and of course the Bernard Herrman's music is  magnificent.<br />This is a movie which really is a 'must see'.  If you are  watching for the first time, don't expect to be too shocked or surprised -  you can see the murders coming a mile off, and  modern audiences will guess  the identity of 'mother' before the end, because the trick has been  repeated too many times since.  However, bear in mind that if bits of  Psycho seem familiar, it's because you have seen imitations of it - in  Psycho you are watching the blueprint.<br />The DVD special edition is  mangificent.  Lots of extras and a good clean print of the movie itself in  its proper ratio.
6305558167|5.0|The DVD of Excalibur was worth the wait -- marvelous conversion of a classic.  The quality of the cinematography in the movie is far better than I'd remembered -- color saturation is great even in scenes with low light  (i.e., about 1/2 the movie).  You can't make a great, dark DVD withough  great cinematography (and some tweaking in the mastering process) -- this  has some of the best dark scenes I've seen (esp. for a 20 year old movie).   Really great job.  Then, there's John Boorman's commentary -- wonderful,  very casual and informative, nostalgic and funny.  I would like to say  'thank you' to Mr. Boorman for sharing his thoughts on the making of this  great film.   A DVD I'll cherish.
B000001FY7|5.0|MUCH RESPECT TO A GREAT MAN WHO CREATED SOME OF THE WORDS FINEST REGGAE AS PORTRAYED IN THIS WONDREFUL ALBUM.
6302906636|4.0|I just saw this movie for the first time ever tonight.  It's ineteresting but dated.  You can really tell the movie was made in the 1980's - - not to mention, they say 1985 several times in the movie.  Why does the Egyptian  have a scottish accent, while the Scotsman doesn't?  It's just a question.   Where did Christepher Lambert get his accent in the first place?  It's a  nice accent, but I don't recognize it. Anyway, I can tell why it aquired so  many fans.  It's an interesting movie with an underdeveloped premis.  Or  maybe it's over developed.  It's a good movie.
B000001FXT|5.0|BOB MARLEY WAS ONE OF THE GREATEST ARTISTS IN HISTORY. ON THIS ALBUM THE REAL SOUL OF BOB MARLEY IS PORTRAYED. A GREAT MAN WITH ALOT OF AMBITION, BOB MARLEY GETS HIS REAL POINT ACROSS IN A CATCHY, FUN, YET EMOTIONALY  INTENSE ALBUM. ITS JUST WONDERFUL, I RECOMEND IT TO ANY REAL REGGAE FAN!
6301942647|5.0|The best movie I have ever seen. As art, as philosophy, as literature, as photography, as poetry, as narrative, as short story, as beauty. As yesterday, as today, and tomorrow.
0399143904|5.0|Great book! It left me hungry for more. I usually shy away from Clancy's great length, but this one is absolutely worth it. If you like action and swat/special ops stuff, this is it!!! I agree with some reviewers who say  the sinister plot is a little bit of a stretch. One of the later  techno-gadgets is a REAL BIG stretch, but hey folks, this is fiction!!!
0553573403|5.0|This is absolutley the best fantasy I have read since the David/Leigh Eddings books.  Great charachters, complex plot, fascinating world... and most of all, well written.  Based on the &quot;people have also  purchased&quot; links on this page I made the tragic error of purchasing  the first few of the Goodkind books after reading this.  The Goodkind books  feel like something out of Reader's Digest when compared to Martin's prose.  I'm on the waiting list at my library for the second, and whole-heartedly  recomend this book.
1572522089|5.0|this shows that the american oscars are one big fashion show joke. it won for costume design??!?! this was the best movie of 1985, no movie even scratched the surface of greatness that year, costume design...B S.  this  movie is great and everybody should see it atleast once.<br />costume  design.....
6300215512|4.0|A wonderful movie, however, I don't believe it deserves five stars because there are a few scenes, mainly those with Joe's girlfriend, which are rather dull and lack the general wit which courses thoughout the rest of  the picture.
B00001MXWX|5.0|The creators of this film have finally taken some time to give the charicters some more humanity.  It is not all the typical Star Trek serious and down to business attitude.  Enjoyed it thouroughly.
B00000IL1K|5.0|Sarah's San Jose concert changed me forever as seeing Phantom live did.  I cannot think of any artist in history having either the range or the talent of Sarah Brightman.  I told a friend after seeing her sing live &quot;I can  die now.&quot;  I also made the comment, &quot;do you know how many people  in the world who will live their lives not seeing something like  this?&quot;  The standouts for me were Nessun Dorma; Anytime, Anywhere; and  of course the encore of Time to Say Goodbye.  I couldn't believe it when  she came back out and sang that!  It has special meaning for my husband and  I.  the night we got engaged, Time to Say Godbye was playing in the  background at our favorite Italian restaurant in Carmel Valley, CA.  Also,  a string quartet at or wedding in Novmber, 1998 played it. Her voice is  pure and could only be from heaven.  What makes her even more special is  that she seems so nice and unassuming.  When the crowd applaudes, she  appears to actually appreciate it and is amazingly surprised by it.  I  anxiously await her next work.  Laura Wolting, Monterey, California.
6300263673|5.0|Anyone who does not like this movie should hace their head examined.  This has to be the greatest love story ever made.  I saw this movie for the first time when I was 10, the year it came out.  I have watched it probably  7-8 times a year EVERY year since (could be more but I lost count!) Now I  have my 5 year old cousin hooked on this movie too!  She's been watching it  every time she comes to my house since she was 3.  She would rather watch  &quot;Dirty Dancing&quot; over any Disney movie.  Children will always tell  you what they like, and she says this is her favorite movie. If you buy  this movie I promise that you will not be disappointed. It is truly a  wonderful movie that anyone can enjoy.
B000021Y7W|5.0|If you haven't seen it, get it!!! This video is wonderful. Get it while you can.
B000005S37|4.0|It's kind of tough to review an album that consists of noise and nothing else. Essentially, MMM is about 60 minutes of random feedback, distortion and noise. There is nothing even approaching melody or structure, and the  only reason that there is a break in the racket is that's where you had to  turn the record over (this is a 1975 album). There's not much that  distinguishes the first five minutes from the last. I've listened to this  cd about 15 times in the last couple of weeks and find that, for noise,  it's pretty good. If you want to concentrate for a bit, toss this in, put  on the headphones and zone away. The album isn't music by any stretch of  the imagination, but what it sets out to do, it does well. I don't really  think that I'd recommend it to anyone else for any reason, but if you like  industrial/ambient, you may find some value to this cd. Generally, most  reviewers rate this one of the worst albums ever, but they're coming at it  from the perspective that it's music, which it doesn't pretend to be. By  the same token, there are cds of birdsongs or ocean waves which would fall  into the same category, and I would have to rank this as being way more  useful and interesting.
B00000K2SC|5.0|This is absolutely one of my favorite movies of all times. The acting is incredible (e.g. the way the agents talk -- very slowly and sort of pompous -- is very appropriate). The costumes are very well designed, the colors  are matched well especially in the scene when Keanu R. is in the corner  office trying to escape from the agents -- the color of the walls, the  suit, the tie... I also like how well the oracle plays her role, her facial  movements communicate well what she is saying. The list goes on and  on...<br />The people behind this movie knows what attention to detail means.  I think I'll see it a third time before I return the video to the  store...<br />P.s. And don't forget the to check out the soundrack too!! ;)
6301942647|5.0|I am a huge Akira Kurosawa fan, I love all of his movies that I have seen.  I am always impressed at his masterful story telling and cinematography.  &quot;Dreams&quot; holds a special place in my heart because of it's  breathtaking beauty.  Beyond &quot;eye candy&quot;, however, this film  speaks intelligently of many things, life, death, solitude, guilt,  redemption.  This is one of those rare movies that can be discussed and  analyzed and questioned for hours after viewing.<br />The Amazon.com review  stated that this movie was &quot;slow&quot;.  How could one notice when one  is busy looking at the amazing color, scenery, and imagery that is so  masterfully created?  &quot;Preachy&quot;?  Perhaps, but they are good  subjects to be preachy about - nuclear distruction, environmental  distruction, not appreciating what one has...  These complaints are the  weak wingeing of shallow minds.<br />After every viewing of his films, I feel  compelled to bow respectfully and say &quot;Domo Arigato - Thank you very  much&quot;.
0783235666|5.0|This is one of Hitchcock's finest -- I'm confused by those reviewers who claim to prefer an imagined black and white version; THE BIRDS was filmed in color and is meant to be viewed that way.  They must have seen the movie  broadcast years ago on a B&amp;W television set.  The special effects are  pioneering and have aged beautifully; granted, they could be accomplished  far more convincingly (and effortlessly) today, but people should train  their eyes to assess a movie's special effects within the parameters of the  technology of the era in which the movie was made.
B000002GQG|4.0|I'm nine years old and I wanted to find out what this sounded like.  My dad chose to listen to it while we were going to the beach.  I thought it was pretty cool and I decided to listen to it while going to sleep at  night, because it's nice and calm. It's calm but it has a little enthusiasm  to it.  I like the man in the beginning with the deep voice and it gets  higher and higher and then it goes into the music.  I also like Dr.  Livingstone and Thinking is the Best way to Travel.  The Beatles are really  really good but the Moody Blues are okay.  Most of the time, I fall asleep  before Timothy Leary comes on, so I don't know who he is.
0790736314|5.0|&quot;The Exorcist&quot; is the greatest of all horror films. It dissects the nature of evil and to what lengths evil will go to manifest itself. It's also wonderfully filmed and written. The screenplay by William Peter  Blatty is a great work because it understands the story's spiritual yet  psychological elements. &quot;The Exorcist&quot; is a masterpiece in look  and feel. The cinematography is excellent as well the camera work. I have  never seen a horror film of such brilliance in design and performances.  &quot;The Exorcist&quot; is an inforgettable experience!
6304708483|5.0|I have been searching for the DVD version for weeks as I found out that is is currently out of print. None of the large electronic stores or even you have it available. I was in a small cd store today to see if they carry  DVDs. They had a small selection of about 20 on hand and I found this DVD  there for 24.99. They only had 1. Rare find!
B00000K19E|5.0|&quot;The Matrix&quot; is one of the most dazzling and spectacular films ever made! It never slows down and has a fantastic visual style few films have shown this season. The screenplay serves only as a base for the action  sequences. In fact, you could say that the only reason there is a script,  is so the action scenes can make sense. But &quot;The Matrix&quot; manages  to keep afloat an interesting plot and still present some stylish,  breathtaking action scenes. &quot;The Matrix&quot; is the type of film you  can watch without having to pay attention to the story. I had total,  complete fun during this movie from beginning to end. This is a  groundbreaking work in special effects. Like &quot;Spawn,&quot; &quot;The  Matrix&quot; can best be seen as an experimental art film. It's also quite  original and has some strange yet interesting characters. This is a  masterpiece in visual filmmaking.
B00000K19E|5.0|This is one of the best sci-fi movies i have ever seen. to anyone who wants to see something mind boggling, see The Matrix. ttyl.
B000001FC0|3.0|Head Over Heels.  Man, that is a great ballad
B00000K19E|5.0|The best sci-fi movie I've seen in ages
0783226543|4.0|This movie is really one of my favorites for several reasons.  The first is the winning performance of Al Pacino.  The second is the surprising, volatile performance by Sean Penn.  And the third reason is the great music  and setting from the disco era of my childhood.  I really think this movie,  while not a blockbuster, ushered in a 70's resurgence.  Also look for John  Leguizamo in a great supporting role.
B000002GYR|4.0|Considering this is is a blues record from (at the time) a young recorder, it's that good it's scary. Waits champions the poor, the broken, the heartbroken; to marvelous effect. From the opening freedom inspiring  &quot;Ol' 55&quot;, to the thoroughly spirit wrenching &quot;I hope that I  don't fall in love with You&quot; - who hasn't felt this way ?, this  recording will continue to project a maturity space ages beyond the  writer's maturity : nonesomore evident than on the track  &quot;Martha&quot;, which will reduce you to tears before the first verse  reaches conclusion. The only change in it's tune is the Dylanesque  &quot;Ice Cream Man&quot;, this CD will continue to break your heart right  through your grapefruit moon. Highly recommended.
6305291489|5.0|My kids died of laughter, and we all loved watching it.  It was absolutely terrific
B000001E18|5.0|This album is brilliant!  Especially songs 1 to 5 and Dirty Day.  This album is different from other albums, but it is still gorgeous. It reminds me of science fiction themes. I love it!  Bono's voice differs from song to  song, and that makes each song so unique.  The Edge is, without a doubt, a  genius.
B00000K19E|5.0|The casting, directing, the story line, plot, the entire film - this film embodies what very  few films have been able to accomplish since the beginning of film making. And, as an added bonus,  something that will make  you ponder about your own existence. Hmmmm......
6305177473|1.0|The old version is WAAAAAY better. First, the new Parent Trap already had the script. They copied off of Mills/O'Hara/Keith. Second, Elaine Hendrix was not a believable actress; she was an UNbelievable actress. Her screams  were forced, she couldn't move around without talking normally, and  overall, they should have used someone else.  Third, Dennis Quaid was a  user, just like Elaine Hendrix. (in the movie) He could have let her down  better. NO WONDER THEY FOUND EACHOTHER! Fourth, Natasha Richardson is dull.  She has no spunk, especially when she is tricking Meredith into going on  the camping trip. If you want to see some spunk, watch the OLD Parent Trap.  Although, the casting company did get SOME good actors. Lisa Ann Walter, as  Chessie, was casted well. Simon Kunz was believable, although kind of  disgusting at times. And Lindsay Lohan did a pretty good job of playing 2  girls.  THIS IS AN OUTRAGEOUS PIECE OF FILTH! IF ANYONE BUYS THIS, THEY  AREN'T USING THEIR BRAINS! (CAN YOU RATE NEGATIVE?)
6304030983|5.0|I loved this movie so much when I saw it in the theater, I went back to see it two more times.  When it finally came out on video, I bought it and since then have watched it over 100 times.  In my opinion, Jumanji is the  greatest movie of all time.
B000009ED0|5.0|I've been lsitening to Kid Rock for a long time, and I'm glad to see him famous now. He's got a lyrical genius and the music is great. He's got a terrific range and I will gladly listen to the tales of his life anytime  the way he tells them. Bawitdaba is the ultimate cool, and among the very  greatest songs of the 1990s.
B000002UZ1|5.0|Hearing this pathetic excuse of a song compilation  has only made me appreciate even more the wonderful talents of the Strolling Drones and their wonderful lead singer Mr. Jerry Atric. All the Beatles could muster  in a short eight-year recording career were unknown ditties like Hey Jude,  Strawberry Fields Forever and Revolution. Now, just compare that to the  sheer 'quality' of the Drones' wonderfully uniform output in the TWO  DECADES of the 1980's and the 1990's. (Frankly, I prefer music that offers  no surprises. At least with the Drones, you know exactly what you're going  to get.) There's simply no comparison, is there? I mean, it's not like  they're in it just for the money or anything. <br />Also recommended:  'RESTRING YOUR HARMONICA IN FIVE EASY STEPS' by Jeff Burns.
B00000K19E|4.0|The movie strongly reflects its influences: Hong Kong kung fu films, Japanese Anime and Cyberpunk fiction. It's definately not your bland, boring Hollywood studio action movie.        The synthesis of those above  elements with a comic book look produces an unique and thrilling film. This  is especially true to the viewers people unfamiliar to the above elements.        Actually, it's almost a Hong Kong kung fu ('wire fu') film with a   Hollywood budget.  This is strongly reflected in the hand-to-hand combat,  the shoot-outs and the liberal use of slow motion action (which has been  transformed innovately into 'bullet time').<br />Want more of the same action?   Go get some Hong Kong action movies!!
B000002UAX|5.0|The music here is quite good. The cover could use a few more pictures, though. Also, I bought it because Ringo is better looking than Christine McVie. <br />ALSO RECOMMENDED: 'Jeff Burns: Jazz-Keyboardist Extraordinaire'  by Chromatic Scale.
0790733226|4.0|Foster, McWhatever, and even Woods all give poor, cardboard performances. Despite this, Contact remains one of the most compulsively watchable movies in my collection. As others have also said, the DVD add-ons are top-notch.
B00000K19E|5.0|It will become a classic like Alien, Blade Runner, Space Odyssey. After seeing this movie I became a Keanu Reeves fan!
0553212478|5.0|Frankenstein is probably the story which has been the most mangled in the transition from book to film.  The book is much deeper and more philosophic than the traditional Boris Karlov-type movie.  Victor Frankenstein is not a  mad scientist and his creature is not a grunting, stiff-limbed automaton.  Victor brings his creature to life and then abandons him.  All other humans  which the creature encounters treat him cruelly (with the exception of a  blind man who can not see him.)  The creature is initially pure and gentle,  and becomes evil only as a response to mankind's rejection and brutality  towards him.<br />As in all great stories, the characters here can represent  many things.  Victor can be read as a symbol of God, a creator who may or  may not at times abandon us, or of mankind itself as we acquire ever  greater scientific powers, the results of which we may not be able to  control.  The creature may symbolize Satan, who resented and challenged his  creator, or Adam, who fell from grace because of his sin, or man himself,  who may become evil in response to his environment.<br />This book is perhaps  the best story of good versus evil that I have ever read.  Having seen some  of the movies made in the horror genre from this story, I can definitely  say that &quot;the book was better.&quot;
B00000K2SC|5.0|The whole idea that we live in a dream world isn't really that far fetched.  The Director, and the rest of the support group did an excellent job with putting the film together.  If they would have hired any other man  to play Morphus it would have been a tragedy.  Mr Fishburne did and  excellent job in his portrayal.  The rest of the cast also did an excellent  job. Just watching this movie once is not enough!  The best part of the  whole movie to me was in the end when Neo looked down the hall in the  apartment building and the only thing he saw was numbers, and letters, aka  the Matrix.  This action packed movie is a thrill ride for just about  anyone to enjoy.
