B0008ENHTE|5.0|classic movie, best iconic car chase. awesome cars, steve mcqueen was one of the best actors of his time.
B002JVWRAO|5.0|we usally have to wait at least 8 months longer to get superantural on our screens in nz so i buy it early on amazon    loved this season i didn't think i would like the episodes i did as summary on episode guides don't do them justice  i cannot wait for season six trying not to get spoilers if i can    Love the series
B002JVWR9U|5.0|this show is great. it has good extras. it gets better as it goes along.  good looking men doesn't hurt either.
B0013FYTA8|5.0|I hate listening to a band that one song sounds like a continuation of the last song. Not a problem with this cd. They have a great sound , a nice mix of songs and talented musicians. I guess that's why I have another of their cd's coming from Amazon. I look forward to seeing them in concert or on my 10' diagonal projection screen.
B001GCUO5M|5.0|movie was not what i expected but it was a good movie. ending a complete surprise.
B0040JHNZ2|1.0|I am appalled at the various comments I read on the reviews! Is this really happening? I was about to buy a Kindle but I think I will now wait until people come to their senses. I was in marketing for 45 years and can only think that some toddler was put in charge of this account!! Ebooks must be cheaper or the whole book market will gradually collapse between pirating and free downloads and of course free out of copyright!! Ereaders will no doubt thrive, but  although Kindle may be superior at the moment this may not be the case in 3 mths. time! Kindle as it is,is monopolistic by nature! Amazon should review its offer or put up with more mega bad reviews which are basically going to hurt the author in the longer term.  - Disappointed A.Kirk
B002JVWRAO|5.0|this is one of the best tv shows out there. gag reel was great. keeps getting every season.
B000ETQR3Q|5.0|The Long Shot is the original NERF sniper rifle. It was the first Clip System (CS) blaster and the first to use the Streamline darts... and it's been replaced by the Long Strike. That's a shame really, because the Long Shot shoots further, comes with more accessories and is 3 blasters in one... the extended barrel snaps off into an awkward but useful one shot pistol, leaving the main body as a cool assault rifle type blaster. The Long Shot also has an adjustable stock, a sturdy built in folding bi-pod, includes a neat looking but non functional scope, and if you can find an older (blue) one it came with 2 clips. All in all it's an impressive package, but I see why the lighter, somewhat better looking Long Strike replaced it... the feature packed Long Shot certainly must have cost more to produce! If you need to be a NERF sniper, the Long Shot is the one to track down. As a run and gun blaster tho, you're probably better off saving a couple bucks and grabbing a Raider.
0375846735|1.0|There are certain promises you make as an author, a sort of implied contract between you and the reader. Basically, you set up a story, and then, you finish the story.<br /><br />You do not, two thirds of the way through the story develop an entirely new plot, a whole mess of new characters, and shunt the original story you set up to the sidelines and just about ignore that story until you decide to take three pages to end it shoddily.<br /><br />The Golden Compass and The Subtle Knife were brimming with fantastic promises.  The Amber Spyglass not only didn't deliver on those promises, it seemed to forgot they had been made in the first place.<br /><br />I was expecting to see the great conflict between Lord Asriel and God. I wanted to see the conflict between Mrs. Coulter and Lord Asriel. I wanted to see the Church fall, the angels fight, and Lyra save the day. I wanted a climax to the story.<br /><br />What did I get? A depressingly awful ending. Some of the weakest theological thinking I've seen in a long time. (By which I do not mean his general anti-god stance.  That was fine.  The position of Dr. Mary Malone, on the other hand, had the theological sophistication of a-ten-year-old.  A slow ten-year-old.) Brand new critters which didn't seem to add anything to the plot. And a remarkably unromantic romance. It felt like he got to the point in the story where he had to put up or shut up, and realized he didn't have anything to put up.
B0036EH3XE|5.0|*SPOILER FREE*    Any review of season 6 would and should serve as a review of the series as a whole.  The final act in what is a brilliant body of work was done to perfection.  They managed to close the series with a bombardment of answers to questions that have developed for 4 to 5 years [some answering of questions actually begin in earnest during season 5].    In season 6 the writers have gone back to what they had done in the first season: character development.  They rounded off the characters and concluded their character arcs.  Everything feels satisfactoraly closed.  What was brilliant was how they rounded off the character development simply by going back to the basics of each character. Thats as best as I can describe it without spoilers.  They went back to the root characteristics that defined and distinguished each particular character and it was done so through the narrative.    Lost has always been about two things: character and [to put somethign complex in two words] the island mysteries.  The overall concept about what is really going on was perfect.  It all comes together. Everything could be traced back to that root concept if you think about it.  So for all the people saying that not all questions were answered, well they're wrong.  Some of the more major questions, that are plot related were answered directly, and I mean directly.  Just said outright by one character or another.  The remaining questions dont need to be answered and can easily be deduced. Its part of the fun.  If everything was answered it would feel like a class lecture.    Whenever a long running TV series ends theres always 2 \\"goodbyes\\" happening there.  One between the characters and one between the show and the audience.  Most shows hit one or the other, if any.  This one nailed both.  You will know what I mean when you watch.  The satisfaction you get of the resolution between \\"them\\" and of you not having more Lost is done just right.  No cliff hanger.  No walking into thesunset and wondering what happens next.    Simply said, this is a work of genius.  With so many intricate pieces created for our entertinament and thought provocation to, in the end, be realized to each be a cog in the figurative machine, I dont know what else to call this.  piece of art, entertainment, and brain massager all in one. Genius.
B002ZG98VE|5.0|I've read plenty of reviews with whiners who want to talk about if this film is Historically accurate or not. I'm just here for entertainment's sake. If you're looking for a film that delivers with emotion and well balanced action this is a great film you should enjoy. It is a long film as are most \\"epics\\", but for me personally the characters drew me in and before I knew it the film was over.
B0029LHW4U|5.0|I've been listening to it nonstop since its release and it truly is one of the greatest comebacks of all time, if not the. You don't even have to be a fan to love this album. I've heard some bands make some pretty horrible comebacks when they get a new lineup but this is possibly the greatest comeback ever and I am so glad they moved on after Layne Staley passed away. R.I.P. to Layne Staley by the way. William DuVall is incredible and if you're not paying attention, you forget it's not Layne Staley. He'd be proud of what they've accomplished with this album, that's for sure. I can honestly say this album is just as good as their previous albums. If anyone's hating on it it's obviously because they don't think it deserves to be called Alice in Chains. Half of these people probably haven't even heard the album and I feel sorry for them because they're missing out on a classic album. Well, the thing is, it doesn't deserve to be called anything but Alice in Chains. All of the original band members are still here besides William DuVall (who, again, is one of the greatest replacements for a lead singer ever) and the majority of the songwriting is handled by Jerry Cantrell. Not to mention, this is one of the most unique albums I've heard in years. If you're a fan, pick it up. I know Layne Staley not being on the album is going to turn off a lot of fans, but trust me. You won't regret it.
B001BMKOZW|4.0|I was very interested to hear this album as a die hard SOAD fan.  I must say that it is quite good in many ways.  However, I don't think that Daron has achieved the same level of genius with this album that he did with Serj in SOAD.  The songs on here are well produced, yet I find many to be underdeveloped SOAD songs.  The guitar playing is excellent.  I also disagree with other reviewers who take issue with some of the lyrics.  The lyrics are strange and that's what I like about them.  However, there is a hint of juvenile nonsense in here.  Whatever the case may be, the SOAD sound is on this album, but is it as good as Daron and Serj together?  I don't think so.  I really hope those guys get together again for more music.  This album was worth the buy for me, but it will not hold the special place in my heart that so many other SOAD works do.  One more thing, I love Daron's voice, and I love the pair both Daron and Serj singing together more than anything.  Not hearing Serj's voice on here made me feel like something was missing.  I have to best describe this album as good yet incomplete.  Get SOAD back together as you guys seem to do your absolutely best work TOGETHER!
B003TML0VO|4.0|Wow, the reviews from apparent Santana fans have been brutal.  This album isn't that bad.  I actually liked quite a few of the songs...a couple better than the originals.  The bad reviews seem to be coming from people who aren't Santana fans but just want to chime in that he is an overrated guitarist verus Santana fans that want original music from the guy with his band.  I'm really not that big a Santana fan but I can appreciate what he does.  However, he's not a Clapton where he's a singer/songwriter in addition to a guitarist.  Without the total package I think it makes it hard for Santana to actually write his own music or maybe he simply doesn't enjoy it anymore.  How do his albums sell without the guest writers or vocalists?  Hadn't he pretty much fallen off the mainstream radar prior to Supernatural.     Anyway, I'm a big Rob Thomas and Chris Cornell fan.  I love what they did with their songs.  Totally different vocal styles but I love both of them.  I also really like While His Guitar Gently Weeps.    If you are a fan of music and like good playing with some good to great vocals on songs that we all mostly like anyway, pick up the album.  If you are a Santana fan that wants original songs from him and his band, your best bet is to skip this one and wait for some original material from Santana.  Doesn't he release these albums anyway but to a lot less fanfare?  He seems to put out albums fairly frequently.
0312600844|3.0|I saw one national write up saying it's only half as long as War And Peace, but at least I read it all, unlike War and Peace. And did it in less than one week. You can read it sober or not, when you are bored with TV. It will fly by. No need to peruse previous sections for hidden meanings, it's all right there on the page for you. No wonder they keep saying Stephen King was the last to get on Time Magazine cover before Franzen- take the analogy to heart, only excepting the genre. Not super clever but amusing. My best analogous writer would be Barbara Kingsolver. don't expect to see Franzen on a English lit syllabi but do expect to see it on the front kiosk of every airport bookstore you go to. Hence a \\"3\\". Enough to get me to buy Corrections, at any rate.
B000AJIF4E|5.0|. . . don't get me wrong, I love my Sennheiser 580s (I treasure them), the Sennheiser-line  in fact, but the Sony MDR7506's are my default reach-for 95% of the time, whether for casual or critical listening and whether on the move or at a desktop or console.  I'd say I've lived with the MDR7506 for 8-months, though in truth that they've enlivened my head-space since then is more apt.  These headphones strip-away aural-layering to reveal voices and instrumentation that otherwise get lost in the mix, allowing the listener to go as \\"deep\\" into the mix as their equipment and source material will allow or yield.  Durability adds to their value and why I reach for them as I'd reach for a favorite pair of jeans before heading out the door - for nothing short of they'll allow me to do all things I want, within their purpose, with confidence.  Thank you for having read this far and in parting, believe me when I say, \\"You haven't heard what you're missing.\\"
0316069485|5.0|If you like Harry Bosch and if you like Mickey Haller, you will love Michael Connelly's new novel, The Reversal.  Connelly combines the best of both worlds--a courtroom drama with a police investigation.<br /><br />Mickey Haller (from The Lincoln Lawyer) is a defense attorney from LA.  But DA Gabriel Williams asks Haller to step over the line and serve as an independent prosecutor in the retrial of a 24-year old case.  Jason Jessup was convicted of kidnapping and murdering a 12-year old girl and recent DNA testing of evidence gathered in the case is not a match to Jessup.  But instead of setting Jessup free, the DA wants to retry the case.  There was some controversy over how the first case was handled, so Williams wants someone who is outside the system as lead lawyer.  Haller agrees, but only if he can name his assistants: ex-wife and prosecutor Maggie McPherson (McFierce) and half-brother and LAPD homicide detective Harry Bosch.  This book has it all--cut-throat courthouse competition, playing the media and blaming the other side, a silent witness, a possible serial killer, and even FBI profiler Rachel Wallings make a few cameo appearances.  One of the best new characters is Judge Brietman, and I hope that she makes return appearances in future Connelly books.<br /><br />The Reversal is told in alternating viewpoints.  Half the chapters are written in the first person of Mickey Haller.  The others are seen through the eyes of Harry Bosch.  Because of this, Harry Bosch takes a bit of a back-seat to Haller, but that just gives us a chance to learn more about both of them.  Connelly was a crime reporter and his writing reflects his expertise with both court scenes and police investigations.  It's also a haunting book because with many courtroom dramas like this, there are no absolutes.  Even though you may come out a winner, you still can lose.  The Reversal shows how so much of law enforcement is not black and white, but many shades of gray.<br /><br />I always look forward to a new Connelly coming out each October, and I'm always thrilled at the high-quality of Connelly's work.  Just when you think that maybe he's run out of stories, he comes up with something totally new and exciting.Connelly coming out each October, and I'm always thrilled at the high-quality of Connelly's work.  Just when you think that maybe he's run out of stories, he comes up with something totally new and exciting.
B002ZG98VE|5.0|Having already seen the Robin Hood film in the theater, I will be mostly reviewing the special features of the DVD.  For on thing, it includes the unrated directors cut version of the movie.  This was actually better, only slightly longer, with perhaps tow scenes slipped in that help clarify a few things and further the relationship between Marion and Robin Hood.  The special features have their own disk, and almost warrant a separate viewing experience because of how long they are.  There is a three part making of the movie section, along with the expected movie trailers and deleted scenes.    I found the making of Robin Hood to be quite fascinating, if a bit on the long side.  There was an astonishing amount of work and research put into creating the scenes and objects of that time period.  Just the fact that they actually filmed on location in some of the historic areas of England was impressive, and enough to make getting permission difficult.  It was also nice to know that there actually were hordes of extras on the set for battle scenes, rather than digital repetition.  Learning about details like these that went into the film made it that much more impressive.    Personally, I can't imagine anyone wanting to buy this movie without the special features.  Of course, I also can't imagine anyone not wanting to buy this movie, either.  It is one of those instant classics in the genre of heroic big action movies, where every viewing only reveals more about the movie to love.  For those worried that this Robin Hood is somehow a departure from the original myth, do remember that an English longbow of the time usually had a draw weight of over a hundred pounds, if nothing else, Robin Hood was probably even more muscular than Russell Crowe.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|These are the First Turtle Beach Headset that I have ever Bought and let me tell you if you are thinking you may get these but not sure, that maybe you should try another brand, DON\\"T. These are AMAZING. Worth every penny. I have not used any Turtle Beach headset prior to this pair but i would not think that any other model would be bad as Turtle beach seems to know what they are doing. they are made very well and the sound is crystal clear. the surround sound is so good after a few mins i forget that i have them on. they are kinda heavy i think but you will get use to it in no time. A++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
0439023513|5.0|This book was not what I was expecting it was better. It would have been easy to draw a line between good and evil, and give Katniss clear and easy choices then wrap it all up with a happy ending and sappy love story; but this book is dealing with complicated issues, issues that our current society has not found answers for. This book challenges the reader to examine their own values and actions or inaction, for that I think it is a great book and better than many of the negative reviewers deserved.
0800141660|2.0|This was not a beliveable story because of the casting.  The older sister was FAR to old looking to be beleivable(I really thought she was the mother figure in the opening scenes)and her love intrest was poorly casted as to young to be even intrested in her.  I liked Pride and Predgious far better.
B00004RYZT|5.0|I have been using my rammstein recordings to become more familiar with the German language, this has been very helpful, I can immerse myself in the construction and expression of the language.  Very helpful
B004132HZS|5.0|After the \\"Sherlock Holmes\\" movie in which Robert Downey, Jr. and Jude Law respectively played Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson, I've been obsessed with anything Sherlock related.  When I heard that BBC was doing a contemporary adaptation of everyone's favorite detective, I knew it was a must see.  I was not disappointed.    Benedict Cumberbatch makes one of the most intriguing Holmes I have ever seen.  He is impatient, rude, childish, and absolutely brilliant.  Martin Freeman makes a perfect foil as Dr. John Watson, a wounded veteran looking for a flatmate.  The interaction between these two is just priceless.  The dialogue is witty, hysterical, and the situations and mysteries are complex and intriguing.  It is a perfect blend of the original Sir Arthur Conan Doyle stories with a contemporary and modern twist.  I was utterly hooked, and eagerly watched each episode online.  Imagine my disappointment when I only found out three episodes had been created.    This is definitely a gold mine in TV series and now one of my favorites.  I am waiting with anticipation for the day that it is shipped to me.  If you are a Sherlock Holmes fan, you will not be disappointed with this series.
0345410025|5.0|This was purchased for someone other than myself, and they seem well  pleased with the book.
B003DZX44I|3.0|We all know that \\"Beauty & the Beast\\" is a \\"5 star\\" movie. It's too bad this transfer is not. This is exactly the reason Amazon needs a two-rating system. One for the movie & the other for the actual product. Nobody is getting their movie reviews from Amazon, believe me. What we need to know is if the DVD or Blu-ray is good.<br /><br />So, let me start by pointing out the good. You get all 3 versions of the movie. The sound is excellent. Very level, deep when it need to be & the music sounds clear & full. Colors in the movie are bright, while the darks are perfect, with no sign of artifacts in them.<br /><br />Now we get to the bad stuff. Let's face it, when we're buying any kind of video product, the picture is the most important thing. If the picture stinks, the whole think stinks. And although the picture on this Blu-ray doesn't stink, it's not perfect. Far from perfect in fact.<br /><br />Let's start with the first problem, the lines. In hand-drawn animation, the lines are everything. If they are not constant & clear, the characters lose some of their realism. The lines in Beauty & the Beast are very thin, which is great for details. However, digital media is just not able to handle thin lines correctly. Several times pieces of a line will disappear into the color behind it. Most noticeably on Cogworth's face. His clock face will come through & \\"bloom\\" over most of the lines on his face, losing most of the detail. But the main problem with the lines in this transfer are the white \\"halos\\" around them. It seems like they used edge enhancements on the characters. But I'm not 100% sure this is what they did, as this halo never appears on any of the backgrounds. All I know is that at certain times, characters will have these halos surrounding their lines. The Beast takes the brunt of this & looks terrible in every shot. Just check out the sharp ends of his fur to see what I mean. Gaston also suffers from this, especially his face. What I did notice is that for the first half of the film, the lines seem to have been drawn with a dark brown color. Later on, the lines are black & this halo problem lessens. So I'm thinking that the problem is the digital media of Blu-Ray, even though it's high-def is not able to handle the dark brown lines against any brown-based back (flesh, brown fur, tan). When I saw this film at an IMAX theater, I did notice some of the same problems with the lines. So maybe the problem isn't even the transfer, but the actual film itself. Maybe the transfer is just so high-detail it's showing the film's flaws. In any case, these line problems can be distracting at times & I found myself noticing them & focusing on them, rather than the movie itself. Which is not a good thing.<br /><br />Other video problems include graininess within certain colors, especially yellows or gold, like Lumiere. There is also an annoying strobe like problem, when the action seems to be going fast. This was most noticeable when Maurice is escaping the wolves.<br /><br />To finish up, we all know the movie is great. Unfortunately, this film just doesn't look as good as let's say Pinocchio or Snow White. Which is kind of amazing, considering those movies are 50+ years older than this one.the lines seem to have been drawn with a dark brown color. Later on, the lines are black & this halo problem lessens. So I'm thinking that the problem is the digital media of Blu-Ray, even though it's high-def is not able to handle the dark brown lines against any brown-based back (flesh, brown fur, tan). When I saw this film at an IMAX theater, I did notice some of the same problems with the lines. So maybe the problem isn't even the transfer, but the actual film itself. Maybe the transfer is just so high-detail it's showing the film's flaws. In any case, these line problems can be distracting at times & I found myself noticing them & focusing on them, rather than the movie itself. Which is not a good thing.    Other video problems include graininess within certain colors, especially yellows or gold, like Lumiere. There is also an annoying strobe like problem, when the action seems to be going fast. This was most noticeable when Maurice is escaping the wolves.     To finish up, we all know the movie is great. Unfortunately, this film just doesn't look as good as let's say Pinocchio or Snow White. Which is kind of amazing, considering those movies are 50+ years older than this one.
B0046MKWU6|5.0|\\"Supernatural\\" continues its winning formula of humor, actions and spooky plots, but throws new developments and new problems into season 6.  Dean has developed roots and a sense of paternal responsibility; Sam is carefree, reckless and perhaps not quite himself.  But both brothers are fantastic to watch, and the return of Castiel, whose \\"people skills\\" are \\"rusty,\\" brings more mystery and intrigue to the table.
B00005R24K|5.0|This a classic horror movie that stands the test of time.  Takes place in the middle of nowhere,  where everything goes wrong.  But, the main hero Ash makes it through it all with out going bonkers.  If you like movies that make you scream, cry and make you laugh and stuff, this movie is for you.  Great for Holloween and every holiday, weekends etc..
1441866868|2.0|I have not read a great deal of dyspotian fiction, but enough to consider myself a bit of a fan. And I had read some good, positive reviews of this book and was aware that it won the Nebula prize. So I was really eager to 'read' this book.<br />But ultimately, I really disliked it and I will admit, I did not finish it.<br /><br />Maybe part of the problem is that this was an audio book. This might be a book that is not suited to the audio format. Too many characters, too complex, too long. Yes, that might be part of the problem.<br />But I think my problems with it went deeper.<br />The basic premise of the book was just totally improbable. As others have written, in this future world it seems humans and lost all the knowledge of all the previous centuries when it comes to creating an energy sources. Mutant giant elephants..really?<br />And do I find a hint of a certain 'agenda' on the author's part or is someone hitting me over the head.<br />Over the top, brutish, explicit and not very enjoyable for me.
B000X5SPBI|5.0|It came Fast with no flaws. It was exactly what I ordered. I will buy other Season from this seller.
0307473473|5.0|SPOILER ALERT___SPOILER ALERT.<br /><br />Hi,<br />I'm very impressed w/this book. This was Larsson's first book. I know he was an editor, but this is different. I only found two things that I deem to be errors: one big, the other very minor. The small error was when Salander grabbed Martin's Glock, & flicked the safety on. One of the beauties of a Glock. Is that they don't have a traditional safety. There isn't anything to flick. The little lever in the trigger is the only safety. A little surprising given Sweden's proximity to Austria. I guess the author wasn't a gunny. It had no impact on the story line. The other error was much more substantive, though. Old man Vanger used to own/operate a newspaper. He would have known that staff photographers shoot many rolls a day. He would have known to check the newspaper's archives for the additional photos. It certainly would have dawned on him @some point during the almost forty years he spent investigating it. If not for a fresh lead? He would have done it for sentimental value. Those were the last pix taken of Harriett. Morrell was also quite competent. He too would have at least asked if other pix existed. That's a major plot flaw, IMO. Other than that, though. This was an excellent job of Larsson. The fact that it was his first book only adds to the achievement. It is a very enjoyable story to read.
0321701763|4.0|I have been very pleased with this Classroom in a Book series for Adobe Photoshop Creative Suite 5. The step by step instructions make learning the application a sure thing. After going through this book, there is no limit to what you can do with your photos to enhance or manipulate them.    Your satisfaction is guaranteed.
B0017VQB40|5.0|I'll start out by saying that my initial introduction to West Side Story was through the music of the original Broadway stage production of this musical.  It came while I was attending day camp out west in the summer of 1962, prior to entering the sixth grade.  A girl in the group I was with, who'd just received an LP copy of the original Broadway soundtrack of WSS for her birthday, brought it to camp and played it for the rest of the group.  My love of West Side Story took off...instantly.  West Side Story-mania was in the air that summer.  Kids roamed the hallways, sometimes in groups, snapping their fingers, and the various songs from WSS rang through the bus to and from camp every day of the week, as the kids sang all the songs.  It was cool.    I missed seeing the film version of West Side Story  during the heyday of its popularity, partly due to my relative isolation from most of the other kids, and partly because my parents refused to  take my sister and I to see it, at least in part because they didn't think (and my mom still doesn't think) that West Side Story was a kids' movie.  Having seen this great, golden oldie but keeper of a Classic movie/musical more times than I'm able or willing to count at this point, the more I think about it, the more I tend to agree with my mom on this point.  Since my parents also had an LP copy of the soundtrack of the original Broadway stage version of WSS, I played it on my parents' Hi-Fi whenever I had the opportunity to do so, because I'd come to so love the music and the story of West Side Story itself.  I would not get to see the movie until seven years later, as my high school years were coming to a close, and WSS, although there was a big national re-release of it, had passed the heyday of its popularity, freshness and newness.  I finally did get to see it for the first time, at around Christmastime of 1968, as a high school Senior, at a now-defunct cinema that was roughly 45 minutes north of Boston, and fell in lovewith this film the minute I saw it.  Little did I, or my family know, that this was the start of my own love affair with the film West SIde Story that would last all the way up until the present, much to their amusement, chagrin and resigned acceptence of this particular idiosyncrasy of mine.  Now for the real crux of my essay:  West Side Story, as everybody knows, began as a famous late-1950's Broadway stage musical, which played in NYC's Winter Garden for roughly two years before embarking on a national tour, and then an international tour, as well, becoming a hit national and internationally, as well.  The concept of West Side Story had actually been started around WWII, when the conflict between Jews and Catholics here in the United States was still fresh.  The two gangs were to be Jewish and Irish/Italian Catholic, while Maria was to be Jewish and Tony and Irish/Italian Catholic.  There were also afew name changes to this musical along the way as well;  It was originally named Gangway, then East Side Story, and, finally, West Side Story.  Based on Romeo and Juliet, the very concept of West Side Story didn't get really get off the ground until well past WWII, when the conflict between Jews and Catholics here in the United States was not nearly as new and fresh as it had previously been.  The large influx of Puerto Ricans into NYC and the Continental United States generally was now the catalyst of conflict, which was between the PR's and the White European Ethnic Americans.  Tony was a Polish-American and a former White European Ethnic American Jets leader,  while Maria, who became Tony's love interest, was  the sister of the newly-arrived Puerto Rican Shark gangleader, Bernardo.  After Walter Mirisch bought the rights to the movie version, West Side Story not only became a big hit on stage, both nationally and worldwide, but it became a big  hit as a spectacular film, which won ten Academy Awards, including Best Picture, after its initial release in late October 1961.  Since I was still a teenager in high school the first time that I saw the movie West Side Story, I was able to identify with the Jets, the Sharks and their girls, regarding kids being kids and so on.  When I got to be a little older, however, and began watching West Side Story every time it came around to an independent, repertory movie theatre, however, I still loved and appreciated this film, although I had a somewhat different viewpoint of it than I had as a  high school kid.  I was able to appreciate West Side Story as a dynamic work of art and cinematic technology, as well as the intense scenery, the brilliant Bernstein musical store, the wonderfully-choreographed dancing by  the late Jerome Robbins, and the very story behind it, as well as everything else.  With the exception of Richard Beymer (who I've always regarded as sort of a weak, lacklustre Tony),  I thought that WSS had a very strong cast, and was a very strong film overall.  West Side  Story, to me, carries a certain message;  It succinctly points out the destructive consequences of racial/ethnic prejudice and the violence that often ensues as a result, but there's also a detectable ray of hope in the end, when several Jets and Sharks come together to carry Tony's body off after he was shot to death by Chino in retaliation for Tony's having stabbed Bernardo to death.  The scene where Maria comes between the Jets and Sharks as they seem ready to clash once more, seems to have been the catalyst for that ray of hope to have arrived, or perhaps it would've arrived anyway.  No one knows.  Truthfully, I'm a devout fan of the film West Side Story (it's my all time favorite movie, hands down!), who's also seen several very good stage productions of this musical, including the newer, more up to date Broadway stage revival of West Side Story, which, although was enjoyable, I looked at with a harder, more critical eye than my sister in law and my then 8-year-niece, neither of whom had ever seen WSS onstage before,  The film West Side Story is a film that I never get tired of seeing over and over again, whether it be in a real movie theatre, on a great big, wide screen with the lights down low, or on TV, and i've seen it more times than I'm able and willing to count, at this point.  Regardless of how many people claim that seeing it on a great home theatre system on TV is fantastic, absolutely nothing beats seeing West Side Story in a real movie theatre.  In fact, WSS cries for a great big, wide movie theatre screen.  Although West Side Story is a strong movie overall (which is why I have a tough time picking out favorite characters and/or scenes and songs from it), the Dance at the Gym, The prologue/Jets song, Cool, America, the pre-Rumble quartet and the Rumble itself, as well as Ofcr Krupke are pillar scenes.  Regarding the cast, they're all strong, imho.  Not long ago, however, I learned something about the relationship between Natalie Wood and Richard Beymer off-screen that made me more willing to give Richard Beymer the benefit of the doubt.  Natalie Wood had a lot of hostility and resentment towards Richard Beymer (she was dating Warren Beatty at the time), and it showed, plus Richard Beyner was clearly pained by it.  Natalie Wood had, in fact, tried to get Richard Beymer kicked off the set on several occasions, as well, although they made up a number of years later, when they met in a California restaurant.  I believe that had Natalie Wood and Richard Beymer gotten along better during the filming of West Side Story, that Richard Beymer might've played a much stronger role as Tony, despite the way the original script both on stage and for screen, had been written.  Since West Side Story was filmed in Hell's Kitchen, where Lincoln Center now stands, the crew members and cast alike were regularly harassed by street toughs, who showered rocks and bottles, etc., from the rooftops at them.  The crew ended up hiring out an actual street gang for security and protection during the filming.  Oh, the irony in it..especially since West Side Story is about two warring NYC street gangs, as well as love and romance that develops admidst that conflict, only to go up in smoke due to the gangs' hatred for each other!  I have attended virtually every screening of West Side Story in our area (the one exception being in mid-March of 2001, when an afternoon screening of WSS conflicted directly with my late dad's memorial, so I didn't go that afternoon!), which have been well-attended.  Boston-area audiences, while more reserved than NY audiences, enjoy it about as much as New Yorkers, and West Side Story is especially wonderful in a real movie theatre, on a great big, wide screen, with the lights down low, and with a slew of other people whether one knows them or not.  West Side Story seems to take on a magic, almost 3-dimensional quality when shown on a great big, wide screen, in a real movie theatre, with the lights down low.  The scenery seems much more expansive, and one can see all of everything.  The intensely brilliant Leonard Bernstein musical score, as well as the richly-colored costumes and beautiful cinematography, and the beautifully-choreographed dancing by (the late) Jerome Robbins, as well as the very story behind WSS all seem be magnified by seeing West Side Story on a great big, wide movie theatre screen, as it's really meant to be viewed.  The various characters, from the warring Jets and Sharks, to the romancing Tony and Maria, all seem to move much more fluidly and freely, and in a wider, more open space.  Even Richard Beymer (who was sort of a weak, lacklustre Tony) came off as being much more vital and alive when the film WSS is shown on a great big, wide movie theatre screen.  Due to my intense love for the film West Side Story, I have a tough time picking out any favorite scene(s) and/or song(s), or characters in this great classic, but I'll say this:  Tucker Smith, George Chakiris, Russ Tamblyn, Tony Mordente, David Winters, Rita Moreno, and Elliot Feld, as well as Jose De Vegas, were all fabulous in their roles.  So were Russ Tamblyn, as Riff, and Simon Oakland as the bitter, bigoted Lt. Schrank.  Natalie Wood was okay as Maria, and Susan Oakes did well as Anybodys.  As for the songs/scenes in West Side Story,  America, Cool, The Prologue/Jets  Song, Dance At the Gym, the pre-Rumble Quintet, and the Rumble itself were strong pillars in this great movie, but all of the songs/scenes and characters contributed to what this great film is, and continues to be.  I can't wait for the next screening of West Side Story, which I've even made road trips to the opposite end of the Bay State as well as to neighboring states to see, over the years.  I attended the 40th year anniversary screening of WSS at NYC's Radio City Music hall with friends, a special event of the one-night 50th-year anniversary re-release of West Side Story, and a number of other screenings of WSS in our area.  West Side Story is a hard film for me to resist, and I'm looking forward to the next movie theatre screening, which I  hope will come in the near future.
B000000WG4|5.0|I remember hearing \\"Tubular Bells\\" when it was first released back in 1973 on a radio station that played albums during the evening hours.  Granted, I wasn't very old and I had to borrow my mother's portable FM radio, but nevertheless, it burned into my cranium and back then I believed it was a masterpiece.  So, by getting the CD version of the album I heard was all I needed to re-live that experience.  Like 'The Dark Side Of The Moon', 'Tales From Topographic Oceans' and 'Selling England By The Pound', this is what I consider progressive.  In my opinion, it is an orchestral maven and it deserves to be in the collection of those who lived this period and still enjoy hearing songs longer than 3:30 minutes.<br /><br />I realize the album version is different than what Mr. Oldfield expected.  But, THIS is the version I remember hearing and this is the version that I enjoy.  The infamous movie came later.  The album was first.  It is NOT the theme to The Exorcist.  It is 'Tubular Bells' and I will continue to enjoy its beauty, no matter how minimalistic or dated it seems.  At the time it was originally released, it was a monument recording and that is how I will view it.  Avant-garde, yet majestic, haunting and in my words, symphonic.<br /><br />I am pleased to finally have this in my collection.
B003YFIUW8|2.0|if the author was trying to turn us off breast feeding, she met her goal! it made the book, pardon the pun, suck.
0061537969|5.0|The dog who wrote this book has great integrity and talent.  I enjoyed every word that he wrote. When I recommend it to friends, I inform them that it is the best book that a dog has ever written.  Of course, they find my comment to be strange, but once they read it, they are in agreement.  Furthermore, I had scant interest in racing cars.  Never understood why people of Paul Newman's ilk ever bothered with such a sport.  Now, I have a metaphysical overview of the challenge it provides, thanks to Garth Stein.  Included yet again another interest to my ever expanding mind.  Absolutely loved the book.
B001OQCV6A|3.0|Liked the characters, but kept waiting for a story to begin. Needed more of the \\"bad guy\\" scenes to drive the plot. A nearly non-existant adversary makes for a simmering drama. Never pictured Holmes living in a messy apartment. First half of the film took place in grimy dark London, realistic perhaps, but not entertaining. Holmes seemed to mutter alot, eventually tiresome to have to decipher. The production values were there, the actors were there, good direction...but a thin soup of a story.
B0007OY2MG|5.0|This product was exactly as described arrived in decent time and has been wonderful! :-)
B000002U82|5.0|Dark Side of the Monn, By Pink Floyd, is the greatest love-making mood music I have ever heard. The vocals, music and beat are the best.
0312370849|5.0|This book was in great condition and the story is excellent.  Something I never knew happened in France.
B001AQO3QA|5.0|I'll be their the day it's put on the shelves! I love Sci-Fi and Aliens is the ultimate and my favorite of the genre! It's gonna be crazy!
0765348276|4.0|Author John Scalzi's \\"Old Man's War\\" is one of the most impressive debut novels I've read in a long, long time.  At least from my experience, it is probably the best first novel in the science fiction genre that I can think of.  His prose is smooth and never overly descriptive, and his imagination is seemingly endless.  I appreciated Scalzi's lack of ego, never trying to overwhelm the reader with scientific jargon by clogging the narrative or bombarding you with his world-building too quickly.  He has great restraint and it worked very nicely.  In fact, he made it look easy.<br /><br />Late in the novel, however, I wanted more to the story.  As good as they were, I wanted something to tie up the vignettes of John Perry's battles, and not just one cool scenario after another.  To have events in the periphery is fine, but an ultimate goal with early seeds would have focused the overall story more, keeping it grounded and not so scattered, many times feeling like a montage of loosely connected sequences.<br /><br />Scalzi did manage to bring many elements together that were quite satisfying towards the end with the Ghost Brigade, but I did discover some mistakes regarding his theory of these soldiers.  It didn't make sense they would use more than one dead soldier to replicate since once they found one with superior DNA, they would not need to seek out any more victims that could possibly be slower, weaker, etc.  They would simply replicate the best gene they could find and use that as a template, over and over.  Especially since no one on Earth has ever seen a Colonial Defense Force personnel.  Scalzi made it very clear that humans on Earth are kept in the dark regarding any details of the CDF.<br /><br />I also didn't like that the Consu race happened to be receptive to embassies from the colonies when they included a CDF soldier that has killed a large number of their people in battle.  It just seemed way too convenient, not to mention John Perry happened to be the fighter in question.  Small potatoes, maybe, but still.  The little things add up.<br /><br />Putting these minor issues aside, this looks to be an incredibly strong start to what is one of the better science fiction series in years.  I'm already hooked and have already picked up \\"Ghost Brigades\\", the second in the series.  This book, however, nicely stands alone by itself.  Highly recommended.Small potatoes, maybe, but still.  The little things add up.     Putting these minor issues aside, this looks to be an incredibly strong start to what is one of the better science fiction series in years.  I'm already hooked and have already picked up \\"Ghost Brigades\\", the second in the series.  This book, however, nicely stands alone by itself.  Highly recommended.
B0036EH3WU|5.0|When I saw the pictures of what the Complete Collection contained .... I expected it to be really nice.   But it far exceeded my expectations!   First ... it weighs a ton.   And I never expected the packaging to be so clever.  My only disappointment was not finding any instructions to play the Senet game.   However ... it's there ... you just have to find it ... as well as the other clues hidden here and there.   That's half the fun of owning this set!  It's defintely worth the price.
B000QCS8TW|4.0|Ill tell you &his is how this Kimdle book reads.<br /><br />Apparently, scanned in a hurry and then no editing.  Shockingly bad, the worst I have ever seen.<br /><br />Great book, but you may want a paper copy.
B0034G4P7G|4.0|Social Network a movie, an unauthorized biopic about Mark Zuckerberg.  There is also an actual person, Mark Zuckerberg, who created Facebook. I have no way of telling how accurate this movie is. He might be a great, unfairly maligned guy. All I can do is review the character in the movie, as presented.<br /><br />The Zuckerberg character is played well by Jessie Eisenberg. Zuckerberg, as portrayed, is a brilliant but antisocial IT geek at Harvard. Early in the movie he is in a restaurant with a girl he hopes will be his girlfriend Erica, a Boston University student. He arrogantly informs her he will get into one of Harvard's exclusive clubs (like fraternities) and bring her and that will make her socially successful, which is what she wants(!) Then he goes on to allude she won't have to study very hard in school because she's going to BU not Harvard(!) After a bunch of the rude, arrogant, patronizing, rapid-fire speech, she dumps him and leaves, not before telling him he will think girls reject him because he is a nerd, not because he is rude, thoughtless, a-hole, (or words to that effect). Zuckerberg goes back to his room and vindictively trashes the girl publically on his Blog site. This scene shows Zuckerberg and sets the tone for the whole movie.<br /><br />Zuckerberg sets up a web site, FaceMash, at Harvard where guys can look at pictures of female students and rate which one is hotter than the other and make a pecking order of hotness. It soon overwhelms Harvards computers and enraged women and It administrators get the site shut down. The plot gets more elaborate. Zuckerberg has one true friend at Harvard the rich(er) student Eduardo Saverin (Andrew Garfield), a Business Major who advises Zuckerberg and recognizes the facebook idea has commercial potential and lends him money and becomes a stockholder in his corporation.<br /><br />This happens very early, I'm not giving away too much plot. The rest of the movie is ironic, the creator of the world's largest social network is himself brilliant but a rude nerd, patronizing, argumentative, self absorbed, vindictive, hateful, hypercompetitive and antisocial. His character is very much like Sheldon on \\"Big Bang Theory\\" except Zuckerberg lacks Sheldon's charm and Sheldon, for all his funny self-absorbed faults, is never that vindictive and hateful.<br /><br />Zuckerberg has made Facebook the rest is two hours or court cases of people who think Zuckerberg has screwed them over or ones he actually has, his only friend. It's not a pretty picture. Zuckerberg is increasingly nasty. Eduardo is the only likeable sympathetic character in the movie.<br /><br />The movie is interesting, very tautly directed and well acted. Insightful. Actor Jessie Eisenberg does a great job of portraying Zuckerberg, the man you love to hate. The movie is a great character study. The director makes this very, very wordy movie flow along through the court cases and flashbacks of Zuckerberg with rapid-fire speech and rapid-fire editting. I separate the high quality of acting and direction in this movie from the abrasiveness of it's characters. Someone has said to be a CEO, you have to be a sociopath. A social network creator with no friends. Ironic, don't you think?<br /><br />Plot is a bit like Citizen Kane, but without Kane's spectacular camera work, and Zuck is never sympathetic at all, whereas Charles Foster Kane was, initially.lf brilliant but a rude nerd, patronizing, argumentative, self absorbed, vindictive, hateful, hypercompetitive and antisocial. His character is very much like Sheldon on \\"Big Bang Theory\\" except Zuckerberg lacks Sheldon's charm and Sheldon, for all his funny self-absorbed faults, is never that vindictive and hateful.     Zuckerberg has made Facebook the rest is two hours or court cases of people who think Zuckerberg has screwed them over or ones he actually has, his only friend. It's not a pretty picture. Zuckerberg is increasingly nasty. Eduardo is the only likeable sympathetic character in the movie.     The movie is interesting, very tautly directed and well acted. Insightful. Actor Jessie Eisenberg does a great job of portraying Zuckerberg, the man you love to hate. The movie is a great character study. The director makes this very, very wordy movie flow along through the court cases and flashbacks of Zuckerberg with rapid-fire speech and rapid-fire editting. I separate the high quality of acting and direction in this movie from the abrasiveness of it's characters. Someone has said to be a CEO, you have to be a sociopath. A social network creator with no friends. Ironic, don't you think?     Plot is a bit like Citizen Kane, but without Kane's spectacular camera work, and Zuck is never sympathetic at all, whereas Charles Foster Kane was, initially.
0316776963|5.0|This book is funny and awesome; An easy read. My personal favorite was the story about one Penny Midland.
143350393X|4.0|I have been reading this Bible a couple of weeks now and the only things my old NIV had that this doesn't is the tabs and the red words that Jesus spoke. The tabs always made it easy to find the book I was looking for and if I would have known that the words of Jesus were not in red I may have not bought it. I guess I will get used to it but I don't like it.
B003JSSPSY|1.0|If you loved the series then don't try watching this travesty.  No attempt is made by the series to even run parallel to the book.
B002AOWXQ8|5.0|This CD is awesome. Found out about this band on our local not for profit radio station- where more bands I like have been discovered...buy this CD!
B003DZX44I|3.0|I love this film.  Saw it so many times in the theater that I'm surprised my wife of then six years didn't dump me.  As many have said, the colors are beautiful; there is depth to the multi-layered scenery; the sound is great.  However, I'm having an issue with the picture quality on the animation.  When there is a long shot, everything is fine, but when there is a close-up of any character it seems there is a amall white \\"outline\\" around any ink-line within the character's figure.  We have a 50\\" plasma 1080, so it's distracting.  Is it just me and my set-up?  Anyone else notice this?
B0000AM6JI|5.0|Carlito's Way with Pacino,Leguizamo,Guzman and even Jorge Porcel.(A La Cama Con Porcel y Las Gaticas), I don't care for Sean Penn or his Performance, I can't stomach the guy.that being said, everyone else in the movie is great,the story and the narration.Al Pacino Doesn't Disappoint as A Boricua(Boricua A Fin).
6305327084|1.0|This movie is about a group of low class, small town boys, with big mouths and little brains.  The girls have wee bit parts which do not start until well into the movie. It should have been titled Small Town Boys because it has little to do beautiful girls!  I suspect that if you are from a small town and do possess a little brain, this movie will be quite appealing to you . . .
B001AQO3Z6|5.0|please just release the qatsi trilogy on a pristine transfer on big old blu disc with no extras eating into the print    !!
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|Found this band through our local not for profit radio station...can't stop listening to the CD (or the radio station). Band is great!
0316069485|4.0|This is the second novel in which Connelly uses both his series protagonist characters, Lincoln Lawyer Mickey Haller and Detective Harry Bosch, in telling the story.<br /><br />In this case, the California appellate courts grant a prison inmate a new trial on the 12-year-old case in which he was convicted of kidnapping and murdering a little girl. The Los Angeles District Attorney prevails upon Haller to handle the case as a special prosecutor, and Haller enlists his half-brother Bosch to act as his lead investigator.<br /><br />The book's legal wrangling is completely engrossing, and Bosch's investigation into the cold case opens the possibility that the original conviction was flawed in an unexpected manner: the defendant may actually have been involved in crimes of a much more sinister nature.<br /><br />But this book has a couple of problems. The first is the same problem I found in the last book that featured both Haller and Bosch: I find the Harry Bosch in these books to be a different Bosch from the one we see in his solo outings. Bosch is a complex character with a lot of subtle aspects to his personality that are simply absent in these two books. He comes across as a much more simplistic \\"cop\\". Almost an Adam-12 character. For me, that's very problematic.<br /><br />The other problem with this book is that it ends on a note of great ambiguity. That may well reflect reality, but I found it a bit unsatisfying in a novel.<br /><br />That having been said, Connelly is still a master of the genre, and it's definitely worth the read. Four stars.
0810997827|5.0|I am a hardcore eBayer and i believe i can find everything cheaper than usual in eBay but this product proved me wrong.  it comes with excellent packaging and hardcover a complete 4 book of the series which i was dying to read. I would definitely  suggest this product to everyone who might have interested in it or looking for a book for their children or even themselves to read.  The story telling is perfect full of pictures with entertaining events.
B003EYVXT6|3.0|What is up with the 2 1/2 star rating (as of this writing)?  Are there really that many religious fanatics out there who are intelligent enough to write reviews on a computer but not intelligent enough to \\"get it\\"?  The moral to the story is that science shouldn't mess with life, life isn't something that can be contained or controlled, and that there will be harsh consequences for doing so (or at least attempting to do so).  And in so trying to create/experiment with life, your morals and ethics will slowly begin to disintegrate.  What was once curiosity soon becomes obsession, and worse.    Anyway, yes, this movie can be predictable.  A lot of movies in the past have used this theme.  Species tends to be the one a lot compare this movie to, and rightly so.  The similarities are obvious, though the movie isn't a rip off.  This movie is an example of what Hollywood should be doing, not doing remakes or rehashes, but putting a spin on something familiar with a different story, and trying to make it stand out and be good on its own.  So how well would it compare to others of the past?  In my opinion, compared to Species, this movie is superior in every way.    That said, no it's not perfect, hence the 3 star rating.  For one thing I was never a fan of Sarah Polley, especially after seeing her replace Jodie Foster in Hannibal, and I'm not the only one who doesn't care for her acting here either.  On the other hand, she is supposed to play as a bitch character, but she did it better in that Nicholas Cage movie \\"Next\\" (which was also just an ok movie, at best).  Another reason why it's not so good is that you could pretty much tell what was going to happen in the movie before it happened.  And then the final 20 or so minutes of the movie change the pacing/mood too much in the movie.  The same thing could have been accomplished in a more closed out setting, without the running around, without the pointless deaths (save for one), while making it more effective than it was.But acting, pacing, and foreshadowing aside, this movie did stand out from the average, but it's just a rental recommendation.    Now, as most of you know the story involves splicing genes, creating a creature that has human genes which grows into something that resembles a human along with other characteristics (see the cover), and how that creature deals with its rapidly changing life.  Hence to say we all know that things aren't going to turn out so well.  The two scientists who worked on it in private soon began to lose their sense of ethics as quickly as the creature matures, with Polley's character become abusive in a way similar to her past upbringing, and Brody's character becoming seduced by the creature, which results in the sex scene that gets everyone so riled up about this movie (plus a rape that happens near the end when the creature turns male [foreshadowed by the 2 scientist's earlier project] and has his [or its] way with Polley, who pretty much deserved it after all that's happened).  The thing is, audiences are supposed to be disturbed by the scene.  That was the director's goal!  And yet people bitch and moan about it as if it was like an adult having sex with a minor on screen.    Anyway, with that said, I give the movie 6/10, good to watch once, but then not to see it again.  I'd recommend it as a rental to anyone who's interested in a \\"don't mess with nature\\" or \\"creature\\" or \\"ethically challenging\\" movie for the night.  Personal preference aside, come on people, this movie deserved more than 2 and 1/2 freakin stars!
1600242197|5.0|This story is amazing I highly recommend it for all. Marcus is a Hero and I encourage everyone to read or listen to this book. There is talk of a movie as well.
1593081154|4.0|A surprise to me - Frankenstein is the name of the creator of the monster, not the monster itself.<br /><br />The book is not only a cautionary tale; it also addresses responsibility and the pathos of loneliness.  It is a good selection for Book Clubs as the topics are stimulating<br /> discussion items.
B002R5V7MG|5.0|THE VIEDO CONFIRMS WHAT A GREAT ARTIST DUDAMEL IS.  WILL SEE HIM IN-PERSON THIS WEEKEND IN LOS ANGELES.
B001FBSMF8|1.0|First, I'm not one of those people who hate this cd, just because its a colloboration with Timbaland.  I actually listened to the entire thing and can honestly say its terrible.  The only song on here that is passable is \\"watch out\\" and thats being generous.  Everything else is abysmally bad.  The only reason that anyone could even pretend this is a five star album, is sheer blind devotion to Chris Cornell.    If Chris Cornell from the 90s could take a time machine to 2010, he would be really upset at what a sellout he became.  The 90s Seattle scene was about music for the sake of music, now Cornell is doing interviews on the red carpet, wondering how many grammies he's going to win.  Well at least Kim, Ben, and Matt are still making awesome music without worrying about awards.  Defintely going to cell this, or if no one will buy it, give it away.
B003ZK58WM|1.0|I would pay $20 if they offered both the hardcover and the digital download. They do that with DVD's. Why not with books.
B00095NX9G|5.0|Rachel Brice is my absolute favorite instructor and this DVD is beyond amazing,   the yoga is really helpful and really centers and prepares you for isolations like shimmies!  The two choreographies are beautiful and extremely fun to learn!  She is very knowledgeable and an awesome instructor!
B0038M2AZA|5.0|I saw the HBO movie, Temple Grandin, for the first time after it was released on DVD.  I loved this movie and my wife liked it too.  Our kids are too young and immature to understand and appreciate this movie.  They thought it was scary.  Temple Grandin is a true story about an autistic women who had special gifts.  She graduated from college and became an agricultural engineer who worked to get live stock slaughter done in more humane way.  It was a gripping movie.  I could not walk away from it.  It was an uplifting movie for me.
0060934913|3.0|Glad I didn't read this before I started working in the culinary world! It is a bit risqu and mostly talks about drugs and sex...which I realize is a big part of the culinary world. I guess I was just hoping to hear more about food than drugs. It was good a good read if you don't mind that other stuff.
B00004Y2FT|5.0|The CD arrived in excellent condition, the sound quality is wonderful.<br />Beautiful in every way, this is a gem to have in anyone's music collection.
B00005N6KG|1.0|i have used this type of sony ear headset for years and plan to continue. i like the fact that they allow me to still hear what is going o around me and i can hear the music clearly. i go through a set about every 6 to 8 months. they get handled a bit rough because of my work. i keep an extra set around when the one i am using go bad.<br /><br />Up date: $49.99????????????????????? are you kidding me. at about $10 a set I was ready to purchase them at this new price. no way. they do not last that long. the cable will loose connection with in  6 months. I know that if I was more gentle with them but I use them for work and play and they just do not stand up. at this price Sony should just cut the line . no one in their right mind is ever going to purchase these.
0439023513|5.0|this book is amazing! first of all, if you haven't read the hunger games and catching fire, then dont get this yet. thats probably the only reason this book got some 1/2 star reviews. i'll admit that the very end was a tiny disapointing but it it a very good book that will want you asking suzanne collins for more. when i finished, i was upset that i couldn't read more and more. if it was an inpendent book, it wouldn't be great but because of what leads up to this makes it a great book.
B00006FDCD|5.0|This movie, and Silver Bullet, is two of the better movies based on Stephen King's novels. In my opinion. I haven't seen all of the movies based on his books. Everyone says his books are better than the movies based on them. I had this movie in VHS tape originally. I wanted to switch to DVD. I don't have and complaints about the quality of the DVD. The picture and sound were okay. I didn't notice any missing scenes in the movie. Pleased customer!
630529142X|5.0|The title of my review comes from a question posed by the professor of a college physiology class that the title character is attending just because he \\"likes the view\\" displayed by the classroom window.  The answer that Bobby Boucher volunteers to the class is \\"Mama says alligators are so mean because they have so many teeth but no toothbrush.\\"  This ridiculous explanation just strikes me as really funny!  And there are so many odd moments to savor in this movie--like the football cheer \\"He loves his mama!\\"  The weird moments and funny lines just keep on coming--I could never guess what Adam Sandler's simple but sweet-natured idiot-savant of a Cajun swamp dweller might do next.  Kathy Bates is great as his \\"mama\\".  I wonder if they got they idea to have her play the owner of the Florida-based Printer company in the TV show \\"The Office\\" from her role in this movie.  Like Steve Carell's Michael Scott said to Kathy's Bate's character \\"I understand that you live in a lawless swamp\\" or something to that effect.  Well, that's what we have here--and Bobby Boucher commutes to and from that swamp every day on his riding lawn mower!
B0020TS5LU|3.0|A most underwhelming Blu-ray transfer unfortunately. I was expecting/hoping for a sumptuous pristine picture but there's too much grain and noise on the picture. It's not awful but it's not Blu-ray standard! Sound is fine. Not a single extra, you don't even get a proper Menu. Why do they even bother wasting their time producing this sort of a release? Oh, that's right...to pilfer some quick cash out of our pockets and to insult a late, great director it would seem. On the up side, the more I watch this film the more I like it, so I'm sure I'll enjoy it even more when a decent transfer gets released, one day.
B003Y7L5W8|5.0|Way back in the 80s whenever I bought a new album, I'd play it to death and drive everyone insane I'd play it so much.  I haven't done that in many a year......until now!  If I could give this 10 stars, I would. I just LOVE this album. From the stunning, stunning ballad \\"Green\\" which sends shivers down my spine every time I hear it, and the beautiful \\"Bondage of Fate\\" to tracks like \\"Pulse\\" (the adult nature of which, I have to admit, was a bit of a shock at first!) with its infectious beat.  I've been a fan of OMD for over 30 years and I've always loved their instrumentation, and this is no exception, it's superb. I absolutely love every track and just can't decide which one is my favourite. This is OMD doing what they do best, they've gone back to their electronic roots instead of trying to be mainstream. I've only got one tiny, tiny gripe and that's that Paul doesn't do any of the lead vocals at all. But still, this album is BRILLIANT. I've no idea what that BBC reviewer on Amazons UK site was listening to, but he sure wasn't listening to the same album as I did. Well done OMD and welcome back!!
030745455X|5.0|I'm a bit of a contrarian and often steer clear of what everyone else is reading.  But there was too much buzz around this to ignore it, and I learned there's a reason everyone's reading this book.  It's amazing.  Great characters, great plot.  I don't read a lot of foreign authors because I feel I'm missing something as far as the specific cultural references.  For instance, referring to neighborhoods in a particular city -- if an American novel, set in New York City, states \\"she used to live in Brighton Beach, but now she lives on the upper east side,\\" I understand what that connotes.  If it's said about two neighborhoods are in Copenhagen, I have no idea what that signifies.  I ran up against a little of that in this book...it makes me feel like I didn't get it, one hundred percent.  It's my basic problem with non-US-based literature.  That being said, the 90 or 95% I did get was wonderful.
B002N5N4M6|5.0|I've been a fan of The Big Bang Theory since day 1.  It is what comedy should be.    The characters in this show are real people - thanks to the writing and the acting.  The comedy is not forced - it flows from the situation just like in real life.  And the show demonstrates what all of us already know - humor is all around us and everywhere, even in comic book stores and physics labs.  We don't have to have toilet jokes or dirty language to laugh.    Also, while Jim Parsons got an Emmy for his work on this show - and deservedly so - the reality is that he succeeds because of the cast around him and the great work they all do.  In particular, Sheldon would not be as funny without Kaley Cuoco doing such a great job of playing Penny as his polar opposite in personality type, and Johnny Galecki's job of making Leonard a perfect foil - the startled looks or retorts to things Sheldon/Jim Parsons says are priceless.  The fact that this show has multiple characters all of whom are highly believable and very rich in personalty is another factor in making this show the success that it is.
B001LF4ARC|2.0|This book is very sympathic towards Steve Jobs and Apple. It is very difficult to get any objective facts from it. The lessons that are summed up on the end of the chapters are a good laugh sometimes but almost never contain any solid advise. Simple advise like 'Never compromise' or 'fire all dumb people' is not really the business advise I expected.  But if you do your best to filter out all this 'Steve is a god' stuff you will get an overview of how Steve tends to work. I think there is a lot of information in the book but it is extremely difficult to read between the lines and pick out the lessons that are valuable.    For me this book was disappointing.
B002RKXO6S|4.0|I hate to say this, but I was a bit disappointed in this album.  I've been a huge fan of Bon Jovi for over 25 years and have always absolutely adored them and thought they could do no wrong.  I've been to see them live 5 times so far and I'm going to see them again in December.  Don't get me wrong, there's some good tracks on this, but there's nothing that really stands out like Wanted Dead or Alive, Bed of Roses or Last Man Standing.  Sorry guys, but this lacks the usual Bon Jovi energy, not their best album by a long chalk.  Still looking forward to seeing them in December though!
0240816250|5.0|This is a review for the 2nd edition of this book.     This book just arrived today, and I have been joyously flipping through its pages all afternoon! I'm an amateur photographer, having been bitten by the bug in college, and have a hobby darkroom set up in my house. I have never taken it too seriously, it's enough for me to simply enjoy the peace and solitude of the darkroom and to geek-out on all of the technical aspects of traditional black and white printing.     Of course I'd like to be more confident in the darkroom, and so much of my good work feels like it came about more by accident than by actually knowing what I was doing. I'd like to think that this book is going to help me in that.    This book is not recommended as a beginner's text. It assumes you know your way around the darkroom and know a bit about shooting and processing film. There are plenty of books to start you on the basics (Ansel Adams' book series, also Henry Horenstein's book \\"Black & White Photography, A Basic Manual\\"), but this book really takes it a step further by guiding you through the more advanced, nuanced areas of expert shooting and printing. Some of the topics covered in the book include creating unsharp masks, digital negatives, paper and print contrast, split-grade printing, paper flashing, print bleaching, print retouching, and all kinds of other tips and tricks and projects. I can't believe how well laid out this book is, and many of the techniques I was completely unaware of.     The actual production quality of the nook is amazing, too. There are hundreds of illustrations, examples, diagrams and graphs to help clarify the topics. The photographic examples are extremely well done, and the print quality is very high. This is a book people will ask to borrow from your library, and I guarantee you'll be evaluating your friendship before you lend it out to anyone! Seriously though, this is a book that is going to last. It's built like one of those bulletproof college textbooks, but it is beautifully and thoughtfully laid out.     To close, I'd like to suggest that anyone who is perhaps like me, very familiar to film photography and darkroom printing, but want to elevate their understanding of the art, please do not hesitate to buy this book. It is one of the most elegant, concise, and thorough texts on the art of photography, and it should not be missed!
B001G619C0|5.0|Como todos os filmes desta trilogia, efeitos excelentes e ainda com o formato FullHD do blu-ray a qualidade de imagem e som so um show!
B000002VSN|5.0|Very goods songs that still ministers to someone even though it was done over a decade ago.
B002VPE1XE|5.0|This is a nice soft bag, made of tough stuff, that can protect a digital camera or other small electronic device from the rough and tumble world. It has a velcro loop so it can attach to a belt, fanny pack, purse or backpack. It's light weight and the long flap that closes it is secure.<br /><br />Recently while using it on a trip to keep my iPod clone and accessories together, I discovered that I could use it to protect my glasses overnight. Very handy!
0525951652|1.0|I wanted to read this, but no sample chapter and a ridiculous price!  Give your head a shake Follett, I have spent money on your books without hesitation in the past, not this time.
B002GOAH1U|5.0|this is one darling movie !!!! nothing nasty and crude, no nudity, foul language. just a wonderful tear jerker.but a good tearjerker. wonderful ending, iv'e watched it several times and never of it !!! if you want a feel good movie for the whole family, this is the one for you !!!!
0143034901|5.0|Thoroughly engaging and entertaining characters. A thriller that was hard to put down. The writing is beautiful and captivating. A book that I will read again. Highly recommended!
B003BW0CB6|5.0|I loved this book.  I read all of Michael Connelly's books and haven't found any that are disappointing.  The Reversal combines the main characters from both of his series (Mickey Haller and Harry Bosch) and makes it work very well.  The plot is intriguing, the court scenes realistic and entertaining, and the characters are vividly portrayed.  The surveillance details were informative and educational. From the opening scene to the final scene, the book held my interest and made me want to keep turning the pages to see what else happened.  There were some places where the tension was very high and I thought I knew what was going to happen, but then something else happened instead.  I would never have guessed the ending.  The very end is somewhat ambiguous which may have been intentional for a future book.  Some reviewers have said they didn't like the story being told in both the first and third person.  I usually don't like this, either, but in this case it worked and was not at all confusing.  I can't wait for Michael Connelly's next book.  This was very well-formatted for the Kindle.
0811876373|5.0|Bakerella shares all her tips to make great treats for any occasion! I like all the step-by-step instructions and the pictures are close up and really show you what each treat should look like! I bought to give as a gift, but love it so much I'm keeping it!!!
B002GY9F9K|4.0|This shows writers are the weak point in the show as the show has larger potential than the result. The books were and are like a cult status in the world of readers and I dont believe myself and quite alot of other readers/viewers became as frustrated with characters with the books as we did in the shows. The actors portraying the characters are doing quite well, the budget is obviously low, giving a degrading value, and the job in all other aspects is quite good unfortunately the writers here are representative of my four stars not five.
B003R0LBVW|3.0|I am not that impressed with this book. My life has been more exciting than these characters. I didn't like the way he wrote especially the part where Walter is reading Patty's book and then he's in the room with her. There is no meat to the story. I agree with the other reviews it was too expensive.
B0044PQW8G|4.0|I thought Christian Bale and Bryce Dallas Howard had zero chemistry, though.  I felt no intimacy between the two of them.  His radio addresses seemed overly repetitive and empty.  I also thought it was odd how much fully functioning base infrastructure and military hardware still existed after J-Day.  I can suspend disbelief surrounding Connor having to rise up through the ranks to some degree.  And I thought the production values and action were excellent.  The opening sequence is breathtaking.  CGI Arnold worked.<br /><br />I still think the Sarah Connor Chronicles was vastly deeper and more thoughtful.  Fans who'd like to see more of TSCCs should know there's an effort underway to get direct-to-bluray or feature films done, possibly even the series brought back after Dollhouse and several other shows have been canceled and Glee is waning into cameo ridiculousness, but you will have to be vocal about it.  So post on the net.  Send letters.  Spread the word.  Don't just rely on a few of the actors and production people to push it through, as it's likely to never happen otherwise.
B003ODKZZU|3.0|If you have the original vinyl of Hounds of Love, you are all set. The Audio Fidelity version has a touch and I mean \\"just a touch\\" of fuller bass at the expense of clarity and definition. The older (colored vinyl)version has more snap and the backing vocals, keyboards and cymbals are more easily heard; creating a much higher resolution effect. This new vinyl remaster tries to soften everything to the point of exclusion of the instruments. The Audio Fidelity pressing is known for its defects on side 2 and I can tell you its is made without sufficient quality control. If you are looking for an ornament than buy it, but if you want the complete Kate Bush experience, buy the old version.
B003XMUFGQ|4.0|I bought this CD not realizing it was \\"just\\" released, which made things better in someways because it still isnt available in Jakarta where I live.    I played it without knowing what to expect... My very first reaction was positive. I was a bit tentative in wondering what the overall mood and sound would be - and was happy that the production wasnt one of the electronic simon climie type thinsg (nothing against him, but i got into hearing clapton from a younger era).     Then... for the first 4-5 songs its pretty disappointing. It's got a smoky loungy feeling to it, and as if it was made by a 60 year old :-). At its worst a lounge singer putting together some late night semi-ballads without stretching himself and at its best like someone trying hard to put together a JJ Cale sound. (Wait that one track was JJ Cale). I should say here that as an EC fan I am a bit of a purist, and love JJ Cale too...    But then the album really opens up around the 5th track - My Best friend the MilkMan, a Fats Waller cover, and from there on it sounds like EC starts enjoying himself, the Band lightens up and he even starts to get some feeling and blues edge into the music without sounding (adequately) raw or bitter. I can well visualise listening to Diamonds out of rain and hard time blues years from now, string sections notwithstanding.    Overall I think this album was a good EC album though not tops. Somewhat reminscent of the easy listening style that he was going for in the mid-seventies - with a similar pattern of walk on parts for superstars happy to play sidemen. They dont impose on any of the songs.    This album - especially after the 4-5th track is growing on me very very quickly...
0671449028|5.0|I bought these books for my daughter while i was deployed and my husband said they were an instant hit! she absolutely adores them! Sandra Boynton is awesome!
B001E45XT4|5.0|I have had these for about a month and they have done me well.  The mic is nice and clear and my friends have no problems hearing me.  I got this for 25 bucks so I think it was a good deal.  I love the look of these and would recommend this to anyone.
B003XQRZ7E|5.0|We need more music like this these days!  If you like 70s guitar driven hard rock, you should love this album.  It's definitely not all shredding.  The songs are all great, the vocals are outstanding, and the leads are very tasty.  A highly recommended release.
031606792X|4.0|I can't believe how long it took me to finally read \\"Breaking Dawn\\" I'm one of those people who love to leave a few books in reserve from an author I enjoy but with the popularly of this one pre-movie spoilers are becoming unavoidable so it was time. I'm so happy I finished the series but at the same time I feel a bit empty thinking that It's over, it's done, I know the whole story, from one side it's a relief and from the other it's a bit sad, having said that I loved Twilight and it's sister parts, it was such a blast to get to know these characters and read them with burning hot cheeks, flipping pages and dying to find what was happening between them, I won't rehash the tale nor spoil it for others, but I will say that I loved this wild ride of werewolves, vampires, wonderful scenic backgrounds and intense human characters, it was a real pleasure and a blast being part of this world and worrying about the love between Bella and Edward , hoping that they can guard this special thing they had from all those other forces which were so keen on keeping them apart.     Some people laugh at this series, they ridicule it, ok whatever, I honestly loved it and I'm more than thrilled to have spend so many of my hours on it, it was worth it and it was some insane new stuff happening in the last book, told from the views of Bella then Jacob and back to Bella it was a stunning conclusion that left me dreading the ending, you really have no clue what the end will bring, it can be good or it can be bad, but let me clarify that it's intense either way it goes, I see that many young people get so angry at these books and I really can't help but think that reading this in your late 20's is like drinking warm soothing honey, you get best of all the worlds, you get offended less and you really get to enjoy, so for those who think this is a bad way to show girls who their role model should be, realx, you will know the right answers as you age, this is just a story and a fun one, enjoyfor what it is, I'm glad that I read this and even wish there was more, it was above average that's for sure.     - Kasia S.
B001P3SA8U|4.0|ROck and roll is really just the blues b sped up. by 1947 you could really say the blues had morphed into rock (r nb)  somewhat and this gives you a feel for thisprocess. This like all biopics condenses stories and leaves out tons of people , the worst omission is the other chess brother however.  That was just not a good thing at all. However watching this movie you do a get a feel for how r and b (rock) came to be and how chess really helped to create it. the acting is great throughout. and beyonce proves she can act and she really needs to go away from the stale format of hip hop and become the diva she is musically. I would give this movie four stars just because it attempts to tell one of the most important musical tales of all time how rock came from the blues around 1947 or so long before allen freed gave r an b it's new name.  The characters are well defined and the story is a basic one but without this movie many people would never know how important muddy waters and the rest of them really were. Bo diddley is missing in action though and that is just not a good thing at all either. This movie looks great on blu ray and it has deleted scenes and other features.  IT's well worth watching to get the basic although distorted story of chess records and the early rock days. For that reason we need more stories about this era and I don't think one star reviews because they didn't give a character more time when they are telling a general story is a good thing either.  So only  watch  this on blu ray and then find some of these great artists whose music changed the world.
B002ZG99CC|5.0|As an adult with a 14 year old son i look at movies mostly what he wants to see,however the Karate Kid movie made me feel good and i felt my money was well spent.Now for those so call movie critics who hate movies they never see or compare remakes because of personal wet dreams,i say get rid of your pampers,grow up and stop hating highly recommended.
B003K07DUC|4.0|I was a little unsure after reading these reviews if I should rent this movie.  It totally exceeded my expectations as I found it thrilling, provocative and informative.  I think a lot of the negative reviews come from people not wanting to get this movie as it reveals the underbelly of our industrial war complex and our unquenchable thirst for petroleum.  Rent it if you want to be entertained on a more cerebral level.  Don't rent it you're looking for the usual America tears 'em a new one story line.
0143118420|5.0|The book is very well written. Of course there are many  more details vs the movie and is much more well organized than the movie.
B001OQCV2O|4.0|I felt it was not a very good plot. Tons of big CGI sceens. I enjoyed it and would reconmend it to anyone that likes movies with lots of special effects.
B00003CXDD|4.0|Product arrived in perfect condition. Works fine on DVD players though warned it may not suit our region. Only downside is the casing is quite flimsy, so I am glad I kept my old one to put it in.
B000HC2LI0|4.0|After struggling through the commercial laden presentations of the cable channel reruns of West Wing, I spent the money to buy the complete series. It was money very well spent. \\"The West Wing\\" was to my mind the best television drama series of its time -- maybe of all time. It cost a ton of money to produce, and it shows it. Today's trashy, cheaply<br />produced, \\"reality programming\\" will be forgotten as soon as its aired. Thankfully, these DVD's will endure, to remind us of what television...even commercial television.....once was.<br /><br />The quality of the DVD's seems as good as the televised originals. But the packaging of the set is trashy. The disks slip into tight carboard slots, in cardboard file folders. The file folders, one for each of the seven seasons of the series, slip into a cardboard box. Looks OK on the book shelf, and conserves space. But over time, the cardboard slots will surely damage the DVD's. Their only protection is in the form of thin polyethylene sleeves -- little sacks, which wrinkle up in the cardboard slots. Terrible packaging for a great set of DVD's.<br /><br />After watching many of the discs, I find that many of them have a poor surface appearance, with dirt spots and scratches. Some of the episodes play very poorly, with picture artifacts, stopping and starting, or they completely freeze. The surface condition problems may be caused by the trashy packaging I mentioned earlier. I would downgrade my rating on this item simply due to overall poor technical quality.
B0036EH3XE|5.0|Any LOST fan will enjoy this DVD! I know there were criticisms...but I just love LOST and season six is the ultimate LOST. I can watch it over and over! It has the extra Ben and Hurley part added on...love it! Waaaaalt! And the extra footage that didn't make it onto the episodes. Then there's all the season six episodes to watch over and over again!
0805047905|5.0|We have been reading this book daily for months, and my son (and I) still hasn't grown tired of it.  He loves this book.
0061733199|5.0|I'm very satisfied with the book - I got it for my boyfriend on his birthday and he absolutely loved it.
1554072840|5.0|My 19-month-old daughter loves this book, and we read it 2-3 times a day while she sits on the potty.  I don't usually read the words to her, but I explain the illustrations.  The pictures are simple and perfect for a young toddler to understand.  The book sends the message that the potty is the place to pee/poop without being overly cute or pushy.  I would highly recommend this book at the beginning of potty training.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|***BE AWARE THAT AT THE TIME OF THIS REVIEW THIS PRODUCT HAS BEEN DISCONTINUED BY THE MANUFACTURER AND REPLACED BY A BETTER VERSION.  LOOK IT UP.***    The sound and voice quality of this headset is amazing.  You can also use this on your normal computer with the use of an audio plug adapter(one of the improvements on the updated version).  I have gotten compliments many times when hosting shows over the internet using this headset!      I highly recommend this(or better the updated version of this) product.
B003ZK58WM|1.0|I will never buy this book at this price.  I will wait until it comes down in price or check it out at the library.
B000BW7QWW|5.0|This movie was done perfectly from start to finish  Make a movie  Make one season of the show (Firefly) on TV building up to the movie  Air the movie in theaters  And stop  No sequels, no specials, nothing  I watch the show now and then (I don't want to get tired of it) and enjoy it every time  Unique story line and interesting characters  Ten stars!
B0019NB9A2|5.0|Nice digitized update of a quintessential 1950's sci-fi, intorducing Robby the Robot with serious actors Walter Pidgeon, Anne Francis, Leslie Nielsen, Warren Stevens, Jack Kelly providing the drama, love story and light banter essential to the genre in this era.
078322804X|5.0|We loaned our copy out and never got it back, so we actually re-purchased this.  They are hilarious and the music is fantastic
0307473708|5.0|thumbs up :) got my order in a timely fashion and it was in excellent condition I am very happy that it all went well.
B000WS4QJG|5.0|What can you say about this mega-classic? The album that not only made Michael the King Of Pop but also made him the first MTV Superstar. It also let artists & record labels know that you can promote your song or album on the music network. Yes the videos from this album(\\"Billie Jean\\", \\"Beat It\\" & of course the greatest video of all time \\"Thriller\\") were amazing but Michael & producer Quincy Jones know you need a good song first before making that hot music video people will talk about the next day with your classmates or co-workers. And that's what Michael & Q did back in 1982. Classic tracks(that didn't had music videos) like \\"Wanna Be Starting Something\\", \\"Human Nature\\", \\"P.Y.T.(Pretty Young Thing), \\"The Lady In My Life\\" & \\"The Girl Is Mine\\" are still memorable tracks because they're good songs. That's what new artists & record executives are missing today. They need to listen to this album from the first track to the last. You need amazing songs to make a great album. Do you hear that Bieber & Ke$ha? If you want to be the next superstar, let the King Of Pop show you. This is one of the albums you need to study(the songs, the singing, the production, good musicians, the heart and dedication). That's all I have to say about this mega classic.
0439023513|1.0|Just horrid. Heartbreaking in all the wrong ways.I loved the fist two books, but now i wish I'd never even picked the series up- better to have not read it at all. By the end i hated every character, Katniss worst of all. Katniss, never my favorite protagonist, proves herself in this final installment to be  the worst kind of heroine- self-involved to the point of blindness, hysterical, small-minded, self righteous, and mean- a weak neurotic woman in the cast of a strong female lead.      Don't read this. Read Battle Royale. Read a Cassandra Claire or Kelly link. Read Taiyo Matsumoto. Read an almanac, anything! Because I'll tell you one thing, I'll never read a book by Suzanne Collins again.         I can't remember the last time i was so disappointed by a book. Such a shame, it was a great idea...
0739384171|5.0|I had read a few mild reviews before I bought the second installment of the \\"Millenium Trilogy\\", expecting it to be a weaker product than the first book. However, the opposite was true, I found this book to be superior to the first novel, and it left me eager to buy the third book to see how it all will end. I bought the Audio CD version, since I drive a considerable distance to and from work each day, and Simon Vance continues to shine as the reader of the master Steig Larsson's work. I can't wait until I get the final book! The only sad thing about that will be that I will reach the end, and we will all be left wondering \\"what might have been?\\" had Mr. Larsson lived to have a longer novel writing career. RIP Steig Larsson - you will be missed.
0307463745|3.0|Short, straightforward chapters, simple language. Good read if you are just planning to run your own business.    On every third page though is some dumb, useless, full-page illustration, complete waste of paper and ink; even if the book is on recycled paper.
0307577589|5.0|I drive a long way to and from work each day, so I am always on the look out for good books on tape. I had heard the hype about the \\"Millenium Trilogy\\" from Entertainment Weekly, and I bought the CD's. Being unabridged, I will admit that you have to plod through a bit for about the first CD before things become interesting and the litany of Swedish names can be difficult to keep up with, but if you can put up with that little bit - then it will all be worth it! The reader is very skilled and the book is a great whodonit. Considering this was Mr. Larsson's first novel, it was an incredible debut. The tragic death of Stieg Larsson leaves us wondering \\"what could have been?\\" since he clearly improves with each page. I highly recommend this book, it may be the weakest of the three, but they are all quite good. RIP Stieg Larsson.
B002ZG9788|4.0|title says it all, it didnt have the best script ever or the hottest females, but the girl was cute and the action was good.  got it cheap on blu ray and enjoyed it.
B000EDWKXI|1.0|The only problem with this item is that it hasn't arrived yet. Online tracking says it was delivered two days ago, but for some reason I still don't have it. I have seen the movie before, however, and it is a good one :)
B003L1ZWG2|3.0|I didn't hear of this film until recently - but after seeing the trailer (followed by some very positive reviews) it interested me. Unfortunately, the film was just disappointing and never seemed to go anywhere.<br /><br />The basic idea is a group of friends go to a ski resort, get stuck on a lift (and will be there for 5 days) and try to get out.<br /><br />From the trailer, I was expecting some twist or SOME horror elements - the coverart even says \\"A brilliantly conceived gut-wrenching horror film\\" and \\"A vicious, scary and horribying experience... Frozen is Hitchcock with teeth\\" - after watching it, I definitely wouldn't call it a horror film. From the director of Hatchet and producer of Saw? I liked both and decided to give it ashot.<br /><br />The movie runs just 93 minutes, and within the first 70 minutes only one thing happens. The majority of the film are the 3 stars sitting in a ski-lift talking about nothing (Whats your favorite cereal?) - I have a high tolerance for these things, and even enjoy bad movies, but usually something happens. In this film, that really wasn't the case. I never really cared about the characters, and with a movie focused on caring about them, that's a bad thing.<br /><br />My thoughts after watching the movie were \\"That's it? Its like the director sat around and came up with that idea in 5 minutes.\\" Turns out I was wrong - In watching the 90 minute featurette included on the disc (yep - same runtime as the movie!) the director admits to coming up with the idea in 20 seconds, and I don't doubt it. They also admit to making it \\"on the cheap\\" (which I also wouldn't argue with - it seems like they shot it all in one weekend).<br /><br />For the blu-ray itself, the picture is \\"OK\\" - the colors seem a bit inconsistent (changing from shot-to-shot sometimes), there isn't a huge amount of detail other than  in closeups, and the picture is filled with grain throughout (I normally have no problem with grain, but found it distracting in this one). For a movie shot almost entirely in daylight, I didn't expect to see so much grain.<br /><br />Audio was decent (Dolby True HD), but nothing special. Extras were also good (a 90 minute featurette if you care to sit through it).<br /><br />Overall, I just didn't care for it. I enjoyed some parts, but with all of the nonsense in it (~85 minutes talking about nothing, ~5 minutes action, ~3 minutes credits) I just wouldn't want to sit through it again. Probably a rental at best - I know I left disappointed.in daylight, I didn't expect to see so much grain.    Audio was decent (Dolby True HD), but nothing special. Extras were also good (a 90 minute featurette if you care to sit through it).    Overall, I just didn't care for it. I enjoyed some parts, but with all of the nonsense in it (~85 minutes talking about nothing, ~5 minutes action, ~3 minutes credits) I just wouldn't want to sit through it again. Probably a rental at best - I know I left disappointed.
B0007DFJ0G|2.0|My adult son recommended American History X, a movie I would never normally watch, but he reommended it so highly that I watched it and loved it (violent, yes, but such a great story and so well done).  He also reocmmended Fight Club -- um, not the same thing! Certainly well done FOR WHAT IT IS, but not a fun movie, hard for people like me to follow the story or see the point of the story (like The Matrix, and American Beauty)and brutally violent and unpleasant.  To each their own!
0807014273|5.0|This book was incredibly impactful for me.  We search for meaning in our lives, but, as Dr. Frankel says, I can't hope to find the meaning of my life as a whole until I'm at the end of it, and maybe I can't even know it then.  Instead, following his example and writings, I can find meaning in my life every day by being the best me I can be today.  That's all there is, anyway, because we don't know if we will even have tomorrow.  He says finding meaning in life is an art to engage in every day, not a scientific search to reach a conclusion once and for all.  For me it was a new perspective to look at the meaning of my life from the perspective of just being my truest self today, rather than deriving my meaning from my activities and accomplishments.
B003TML0VO|2.0|...enough already with these endless collaborations! This smells like something somebody at your label thought of as being a great idea. Well guess what...it's not!<br />Do we really need to hear Carlos playing these classics? No we don't. And do we need to hear Nas of all people butcher the classic Ac/DC song? We absolutely do not!!<br />I need that as much as I need Brian Johnson covering a Jay Z track. This CD should have never been made, simple as that. I'm sure Carlos has a nice enough of a bank<br />account that he can skip projects like this. Hey Carlos, why not give us fans who have been onboard from day one an album or two of the classic sound of Santana's first three albums?<br />What's wrong with that? Tell your record company execs that to get off their high horses, they don't always know what's best. This album clearly illustrates that.<br />We want steak and potatoes, not baby food!
0525951652|5.0|After seeing that Follett's new book only received an average of TWO stars I almost did not purchase the book. Until I saw that the 233 one star ratings are simply from bitter Kindle owners.<br /><br />1. For Bitter Kindle Owners - Music on iTunes costs the same whether you purchase the cd in the store or online. Movies that are downloaded are the same. You should pay the same amount for a 'digital' book that I pay for the physical in the store! Don't slam an author and write a review about a book you haven't even read just to turn people off because you are bitter about the download price set by a publisher. Why should you get a discount just because you have a Kindle!?! The Kindle is about CONVENIENCE.<br /><br />2. For People Interested in Fall of Giants - I found the book to be in the same vein as both World Without End and Pillars of the Earth. The world is rich. The characters captivating. And the story..... Being in my late 20's, it's nice to have something that goes deeper into World War I. Deeper in a way where I can picture being there and understand it on an individual human level instead of the detached historical textbook level. We often forget that these were people that fought, who had mothers, fathers, brothers, sisters, wives and children. I can't wait for the next installment!<br /><br />Hopefully there are plenty of people that see past the pettiness of the Kindle owners and will start giving this book the reviews it actually deserves. Take your issues with the price up with the publisher! Amazon reviews should be on the quality of the product you have purchased - something few if any of you did!
B002FE5XVK|4.0|Great dvd thank you for the great sev. glad to do business with you co. again THANK YOU
B000IVW25M|5.0|Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs is one hour and twenty-three minutes and premiere in theaters on December 21, 1937. This would be the first full length animated film and the one that started it all for Walt Disney. Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs tell the story of Snow White who is the beautiful step-daughter to the evil and vain Queen; full name is never given in the movie. The Queen dresses Snow White in rags and makes her work as a scullery maid. Everyday the Queen asked the Magic Mirror who was the fairest of them all and as long as the Magic Mirror told the Queen she was one sexy babe then Snow White got to live another. One day the Magic Mirror told the Queen she was no longer the fairest and the land and that Snow White was the new beauty babe in town. This upset the Queen to no end so she devised a plot to kill Snow White. The Queen tells the Huntsman to take Snow White to the hillside to pick some flowers and to kill her and to bring Snow White's heart back as proof of the jobs. The Huntsman could not bring himself to do the job and to tell Snow White to flee and never come back. Snow White finds shelter in the cottage of the Seven Dwarfs. The Seven Dwarfs discover Snow White in their cottage and decides that she can live with them, mainly because she can make gooseberry pie. Grumpy is the only who want her to scram because in his opinion women are nothing but trouble. To some husbands and boyfriends that statement may be true.<br /> Well the Queen finds out from the Magic Mirror that the Huntsman did not do his job and as the old saying goes: \\"if you want something done right then do it yourself\\". The Queen turns herself into an old Peddler and creates a poison apple that will make Snow White take one long nap. The Queen, now an old hag, finds Snow White and tricks her into taking a bite out of the apple and Snow White is now in snooze land. The animals of the forest rush to warn the Seven Dwarfs and it is Grumpy that leads the charge to save Snow White. The Dwarfs chase and traps the Queen to a mountain cliff. The Queen tries to loosen a boulder to kill the Dwarfs, but a bolt of lightning strikes the cliff and she fall to her death; and you the folks out there already knows the ending to the story.<br />The only thing I did not like was the extra DVD that came along with the movie. The case itself is thicker then your usual DVD case. The information was bit overkill and Disney could have just done a one hour documentary instead of all the details listed below. Also what is not included in this special two DVD set are movie preview for which I don't mind at all. Barring the negativity about the second DVD, Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs is a great movie to own and gets an AAAAA+++++.<br /><br />Disc 1<br /><br />Play<br />Chapter Selection<br />Set Up<br />Bonus Features<br />1. Guided Tours<br />2. Still the Fairest of them All: The Making of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs<br />3. Audio Commentary<br />4. Goddess of Spring-Animated Short<br />5. Heigh-Ho: Sing-Along Song<br />a. Sing-Along<br />b. Karaoke<br />6. Dopey's Wild Mine Ride' Game<br />7. Some Day My Prince Will Come: Performed by Barbra Streisand<br />8. DVD-ROM<br />Guided Tours<br />1. Tour 1<br />2. Tour 2<br /><br />Disc 2<br /><br />Snow White's Wishing Well<br />1. History<br />2. Storyboard To Film Comparisons<br />a. Introduction<br />b. The Forest Chase<br />c. Cleaning House<br />d. The Dwarfs Chase the Witch<br />e. The Queen's Order<br /><br />The Queen's Castle<br />1. Art and Design<br />2. Visual Development<br />3. Layouts and Backgrounds<br />a. About Layouts and Backgrounds<br />b. Layouts And Backgrounds Gallery<br />4. Camera And Tests<br />a. Excerpt from \\"The Story of Silly Symphony\\"<br />b. Excerpt from \\"Trick of Our Trade\\"<br />c. Camera Tests<br />5. Animation<br />a. Voice Talent<br />b. Live Action Reference<br />c. Excerpt From Tricks of Our Trade<br />d. Character Designs<br />i. Snow White and The Dwarfs<br />ii. The Queen/The Peddler<br />iii. The Huntsman/The Prince/The Animals<br /><br />The Queen's Dungeon<br />1. Abandoned Concepts<br />a. Introduction<br />b. Snow White Meets the Prince<br />c. Some Day My Prince Will Come-Fantasy Version<br />d. The Prince Is Captured<br />2. The Restoration<br /><br />The Dwarf's Mine<br />1. Deleted Scenes<br />a. Introduction<br />b. The Witch at the Cauldron<br />c. The Bedroom Argument<br />d. Music In You Soup<br />e. The Lodge Meeting<br />f. Building A Bed<br />2. Original RKO Opening and End Credits<br />3. Disney Through the Decades<br />a. Introduction\Trailer<br />b. 1930s\Trailer<br />c. 1940s\Trailer<br />d. 1950s\Trailer<br />e. 1960s\Trailer<br />f. 1960s\Trailer<br />g. 1970s\No Trailer Available<br />h. 1980s\Trailer<br />i. 1990s\Trailer<br />j. A New Century\Trailer<br /><br />The Dwarf's Cottage<br />1. The Premiere<br />a. The Los Angeles Premiere<br />b. Original Premiere Radio Broadcast (Audio Only)<br />2. Trailers<br />a. 1937 Trailer #1<br />b. 1937 Trailer #2<br />c. 1944 Trailer<br />d. 1958 Trailer<br />e. 1967 Trailer<br />f. 1987 Trailer<br />g. 1993 Trailer<br />h. 2001 Trailer<br />3. Publicity<br />a. Scrapbook<br />b. The Premiere<br />c. Pressbook<br />d. Merchandise<br />e. Posters<br />4. A Trip Through Walt Disney Studios<br />5. How Cartoons Are Made<br />6. Vintage Audio<br />a. Lux Radio Theater September 28, 1936<br />b. Lux Radio Theater December 20, 1937<br />c. Mickey Mouse Theater Of The Air January 9, 1938<br />7. Radio Commercials<br />a. 1958<br />i. Radio Spot #1<br />ii. Radio Spot #2<br />iii. Radio Spot #3<br />b. 1967<br />i. Radio Spot #1<br />ii. Radio Spot #2<br />iii. Radio Spot #3<br />iv. Radio Spot #4<br />8. Songs<br />a. Silly Song (Recording Session)<br />b. Deleted Song: You're Never Too Old To Be YoungThe Prince Is Captured  2. The Restoration    The Dwarf's Mine  1. Deleted Scenes  a. Introduction  b. The Witch at the Cauldron  c. The Bedroom Argument  d. Music In You Soup  e. The Lodge Meeting  f. Building A Bed  2. Original RKO Opening and End Credits  3. Disney Through the Decades  a. Introduction\Trailer  b. 1930s\Trailer  c. 1940s\Trailer  d. 1950s\Trailer  e. 1960s\Trailer  f. 1960s\Trailer  g. 1970s\No Trailer Available  h. 1980s\Trailer  i. 1990s\Trailer  j. A New Century\Trailer    The Dwarf's Cottage  1. The Premiere  a. The Los Angeles Premiere  b. Original Premiere Radio Broadcast (Audio Only)  2. Trailers  a. 1937 Trailer #1  b. 1937 Trailer #2  c. 1944 Trailer  d. 1958 Trailer  e. 1967 Trailer  f. 1987 Trailer  g. 1993 Trailer  h. 2001 Trailer  3. Publicity  a. Scrapbook  b. The Premiere  c. Pressbook  d. Merchandise  e. Posters  4. A Trip Through Walt Disney Studios  5. How Cartoons Are Made  6. Vintage Audio  a. Lux Radio Theater September 28, 1936  b. Lux Radio Theater December 20, 1937  c. Mickey Mouse Theater Of The Air January 9, 1938  7. Radio Commercials  a. 1958  i. Radio Spot #1  ii. Radio Spot #2  iii. Radio Spot #3  b. 1967  i. Radio Spot #1  ii. Radio Spot #2  iii. Radio Spot #3  iv. Radio Spot #4  8. Songs  a. Silly Song (Recording Session)  b. Deleted Song: You're Never Too Old To Be Young
B002ZG98LO|4.0|yes, i liked this movie but, this is about the coming dvd.................just wondering why the art work is nicer on alot of the dvd-bluray covers overseas........so many of them have a more intresting cover. somewhat classier than ours.
0525951652|5.0|Don't let the length of 985 pages put you off from reading this highly readable book.  I easily read it in less than a week (while taking care of 3 grandchildren during the daytime).  I have a KIndle but chose the hardback because the e-version was more expensive than the ink version.  I was very impressed with the format of the book in hard-back; light smooth pages, that lay open without effort on the reader's part.      Ken Follett tells the story of WWI, it's causes and the class conditions  from the point of view of England, Russia, Germany and the United States. I have stayed away from war novels before but this one focused on all points of view without casting judgment on any one country.  The class conditions in England, Russia and Germany that contributed greatly to the war are observed through the stories of families in all 3 countries.  I came away with a feeling that WWI was a totally political war, and not worth the millions of lives that were lost.  Mr. Follett is reputed to be writing 2 more books in this trilogy and I anxiously await to see how he will treat WWII and the holocaust, which seems to be a far more \\"just\\" war.
B00003CWL6|5.0|Released in 1999, \\"American Beauty\\" has gone on to be recognized as one of the best films from the 1990's. Kevin Spacey stars as Lester, a middle age man living in a suburb of Los Angeles who is going through a mid-life crisis. While married to his beautiful and articulate wife, played beautifully by Annette Bening, he realizes he has strong feelings for his daughter's best-friend Angela, and it is throse feelings that he has to struggle with. Part dramatic fare and part comedic, \\"American Beauty\\" is a class act film all the way from its exceptional well-written script to the outstanding performances by its cast. Regarded by many critics as a \\"satire of American middle class notions\\" the film will make you laugh, cry, and critique your own family value system.<br /><br /> The film was a huge boxoffice hit culminating a gross of over $350,000,000 and would go on to win five Oscars including Best Picture, Best director, Best Actor for Spacey, Best Cinematography, and Best Original Screenplay.<br /><br /> The DVD includes a small booklet by director Sam Mendes who talks about the creation and making of the film, a behind-the-scenes featurette, commentary by Mendes and writer Alan Ball, two theatrical trailers, production notes, and more.<br /><br /> The movie comes with captions and subtitles and runs 2 hours and 2 minutes in length.<br /><br /> Enjoy one of the best films in American cinema!
0671027344|3.0|Okay, I admit 'The Perks of Being a Wallflower' is hard to dislike.  In a diary-like format the travails of a 15 year old nerd tugs at the heart strings.  The kid is confused, his friends are confused ... yet he learns and moves on.  But it seems the author is viewing high school life while wearing rose colored glasses.  In the real world freshman boys do not hang about with seniors, let alone date them.  In the real world high school boys don't cry in front of their peers.  In the real world homophobia and bullying are much more pronounced than what is portrayed in this book.  Life in high school can really suck.  But you wouldn't know it from reading this book.  And in 'The Perks of Being a Wallflower' everyone seems to be of the same race and socio-economic level.  Now how real is that?!?      Bottom line: a likable book that doesn't reflect reality.
B00000G3PA|5.0|Budgeted at $140,000,000, \\"Amageddon\\" was one of the most costliest disaster epics Hollywood has ever made. Released only a few months after another disaster film \\"Deep Impact\\", \\"Armageddon\\" deals with the fact that a giant asteroid is on a collision course to earth and it is up to a group of deep core drillers working for NASA to stop the dreaded outcome. Extremely well-produced with top-notch special effects and a cast of some of Hollywood's best actors including Bruce Willis, \\"Armageddon\\" would go on to be the top grossing film of 1998 and gross nearly $600,000,000. It was also one of Michael Bay's first films in which he directed, and the success of \\"Armageddon\\" would allow Bay to direct many remakes of former Hollywood horror films like \\"The Texas Chainsaw Massacre\\" and \\"The Fog\\".<br /><br /> The movie is well known for the song \\"I Don't Wanna Miss A Thing\\" and its video is included in the bonuses of the DVD along with the trailer.
1849162743|5.0|Awesome!  Larsson has produced just what I was hoping for - another spectacular story full of intrigue and suspense.  It may be a fat book but it is impossible to put down.  And, oh how I wish there were another to look forward to.  Stieg Larsson will be missed!
1439190275|5.0|I bought this book as a gift for a friend. I read the original book and lost 50 pounds. It helped to know the reason why low carb works. I helped another friend lose over 30 pounds. So I ordered this book on Amazon to be shipped directly to our friend who lives far away. She was happy to recieve it.
B00402FGEE|5.0|This was amazing! Season 2 has started and is looking to be even greater. I love this show!!!!!! ;)     FEATURES! THIS SHOW HAS THEM AND MANY MORE TO COME!! ;) ;) :DDD
B002LCCNW8|5.0|I liked the first two albums by Arctic Monkeys, but I don't agree at all with the people who like those two better than this one. Those are fast and energetic, while this is intricate, melodic, and much more mature. I like this and Turner's work with Last Shadow Puppets more than the previous AM albums. Go new Arctic Monkeys!
B000O8OTNC|4.0|Good for the price, plastic case, ceramic portion clogges up after repeated use, .  The redi edge lasts longer with reversable carbide blades and a aluminun handle.  It only has the carbide blades though. In all the pocket pal is a good sharpener for infrequent use / emergency use to touch up blades.   I would of gave it five stars if the carbide was the whole \\"V\\" notch instead of a little carbide piece brazed into the each side of the \\"V\\".
B002ZG9800|5.0|Be advised, this is not your typical harmless, feelgood, \\"rubber-faced\\", family-friendly, Jim Carrey-kind of comedy like \\"Liar Liar\\", \\"Yes Man\\" and \\"Bruce Almighty\\". This is a black comedy. As black as they come. Jim Carrey portrays the (gay) con artist Steven Jay Russell, and this is actually based on a true story. I don't want to go too much into detail, because the whole story will probably just sound weird, but it kind of reminds me of \\"Catch Me If You Can\\", only way more funny, sick and twisted. I recommend it.<br /><br />I'm not gay, but I think this movie is funny nonetheless. Mostly for Jim Carrey-fans. I doubt I would have even seen it if you removed Jim Carrey. Much less found it amusing.
B002KS1IJC|5.0|In some ways it has elements of Beowulf and Highlander.  The cinematography, acting, and special effects are all spot on.  A good flick when you feel like something a bit different.
B000VS20M2|5.0|I waited 28 years for this! The Blu-ray \\"Final Cut\\" edition is worth every penny.  Unless of course you just don't like \\"Blade Runner\\". The re-mastered 5.1 sound track it like I imagined it should have been in 1982. Fortunately, it was originaly recorded multichannel and mixed down to stereo for the theatrical realease.  The video transfer to digital was directly from the negatives with the result that the Blu-ray is better than what you would have seen in the theater.<br /><br />One might be distracted by anachronisms:  The setting is LA in 2019.  There are no cell phones, iPhones, GPS devices and all the screens are CRT's that might have come from an Apple II. On the other hand by 2019 we're not likely to be emigrating off-world with our genetically manufactured puppets. For me it works to let this be an alternate/parralell universe scenario.
B002ZG99CC|4.0|From my wife Sarah: I agree with the other reviewers that if you've seen the original, there won't be any major surprises with the plot. Despite that, it's easy to get pulled into this nicely made movie. It succeeded at making me feel Jaden Smith's character's loss, isolation and hopeless. It made me cheer and hope for him to find a way out of the desperate situation he was in.<br /><br />Jaden Smith did a terrific job, and I was really surprised by Jackie Chan. There was some real acting going on here, and I've never seen him do that before in any of his movies (I've seen many of them). The martial arts scenes were beautifully choreographed. The fantastic footage of China brought the film up to another level.<br /><br />The film did drag at times, and probably could have been shorter. It felt to me that there was an attempt to make this into an epic blockbuster, but it did fall a bit short since the story just didn't seem tp support that. Despite these things, it was entertaining, and worth viewing.
B0015AARJI|5.0|The PS3 Dualshock 3 controller is terrific.  The Bluetooth connectivity gives so much freedom when using it.  As the controller runs on an internal rechargeable battery, I highly recommend having at least two on hand - that way one may keep a controller charging while using one.
1416589473|4.0|GuildWars Ghosts of Ascalon by Matt Forbeck and Jeff Grubb<br /><br />Seeing what I post here most of you will be surprised that I am not a gamer.  I view RPG as crack for the scifi fan.  I am frightened of the possibility of  immersion and a subsequent sublimation of my personality.  In other words, I'm afraid I could get hooked on a game and spend all waking hours playing it.  Since I am already hooked on reading and donuts, I avoid the temptation of RPG.<br /><br />Getting on topic, Ghosts of Ascalon supposedly is setting the stage for the the role playing game Guild Wars 2.  Haven't played it and so I don't know if that is true but it is what I have read.  A typical quest band of intentionally mismatched adventurers  set out on a quest for an artifact that can bring world peace.  The pitfalls and pratfalls along the way feed the plot.<br /><br />This is not an intellectually challenging read but frankly my intellect needs a rest now and again.  I enjoyed the characters and their bold characteristics.  I liked the introspection and need for redemption exhibited by Dougal.  I  found the book entertaining and enjoyed reading it.  What more can you ask?  I'm looking forward to the likely sequels.<br /><br />I recommend the book.
1857885082|5.0|The book was in even better condition than it was advertised as. It also arrived more swiftly than Amazon deliveres - from England to Autralia.
B0024FAR5M|5.0|Great show! When one episode is over, you want to watch the next one as soon as you can.
B002N5N5M0|5.0|Dexter is my favorite Serial Killer. BUT, I believe he stands for JUSTICE In the way that all of human kind likes to think of everyone getting their just deserts. What you sow, you shall also reap. I like to watch Dexter whenever I can, and tell all my friends to watch it also.
B0000024UX|5.0|\\"Bridge Over Troubled Water\\" was the fifth and last studio release from the duo of Paul Simon and Art Garfunkel.  It was released in January, 1970 and was immensely successful, having sold over 25 million copies to date.  The album had four hits:  \\"The Boxer\\" (#7 U.S. Billboard), title track (#1 for six weeks), \\"Cecilia\\" (#4), and \\"El Condor Pasa\\" (#18).  It swept up the Grammy awards of 1971, taking Best Album of the Year and Best Engineered Recording; the title track single won Grammys for Record of the Year and Song of the Year.  Once you listen to the album, you'll see why - it's truly an incredible listening experience.<br /><br />As a child of the 1980's, S & G was played occasionally on the softer rock stations.  I frequently heard the album hits played and they became favorites of mine.  Then, in 1984, my father gave a bunch of his old LPs to my brother and I, of which I received \\"Bridge.\\" I was telling my Dad what a great song \\"The Boxer\\" was and he said, \\"But have you listened to it on headset?  Listen to the voices in the final chorus.\\"  I quickly put the album on the turntable with my enormous headset and began to hear details I had never heard before.  Voices in thirds, then an octave lower, then a third above the top voice - it just kept building.  I still love listening to it.<br /><br />This album is full of variety, from the beautifully orchestrated power ballad of the title track to the gentle melody of \\"Song For The Asking.\\"  The duo shifts gears with a shuffle, \\"Keep The Customer Satisfied\\" and it's screaming brass finale, to the Peruvian cover \\"El Condor Pasa,\\" which features a pair of recorders, giving it an other-worldly tone.  The album also reflects the culture of the Vietnam era with \\"The Only Living Boy In New York\\" and \\"Why Don't You Write Me.\\"<br /><br />Though it was released in 1970, it really should be considered one of the best albums of the 1960's - after all, the music for it was composed then.  If you're looking for great music of the era, I would urge you to purchase this disc.  You will not be disappointed!ou to purchase this disc.  You will not be disappointed!
1416589473|5.0|I would encourage old fans and new fans to read this novel.  Truly enjoyable!
B003F3NDOE|5.0|haven't even opened it up but i sure got a great deal from the seller because it still had the best buy label on it yet thank-you amazon seller...tonylfriend...
B001PL4HZW|4.0|Excellent soundtrack. Great variety of songs. Not quite as good as the New Moon soundtrack
B000NTPDSW|5.0|Before I buy it, I have red few reviews. Especially those about HD re-mastering. I got what I expected to get. Thanks to well informed reviewers.
B002WDD8TS|5.0|This is by far the best movie-sound track I have in my collection. I typically do not purchase soundtracks, but couldn't resist the titles in this one. This CD has an excellent variety of songs and is incredibly easy to listen to.
B003954I9C|5.0|This album is so good! I have been a Backstreet Boys fan since I was a kid, so when I found out AJ had released his own solo album I couldn't wait to hear it. He has such a unique voice and I absolutely LOVE every song on his album. If you are as much of a Backstreet Boys fan as I am, you will love AJ's new album! Its a very upbeat and fun one. I love the fact that he wrote most of the songs and was also an executive producer. This is a MUST have - you won't be disappointed!
B003JSU2NU|3.0|The song selection is not as good as New Moon or Twilight. I find myself listening to only a couple of the songs and then skipping ahead to another CD
B002ZG977Y|1.0|I won't write a reveiew or sypnosis of this one...because there really isn't much of a story to write about....all I can say is most one star reviews here are right...this one is one big CGI movie with little or no substance....I say watch the 1981 original film if you want story & substance...yes, the effects might be a bit outdated by today's standards...but it is ten times better than this crappy remake!!
B001BNFR6W|1.0|I am going to wait til they re-release this box set also.  I really would love to own the complete series - but would ideally like it to be complete and on BLU-RAY!!!  After reading comments on here, it doesn't sound worth it to me to buy this box set!!
B0041YSBKC|5.0|Bruce Springsteen's anticipated \\"The Promise\\" (coing in November) may displace Brandon Flower's solo debut as the \\"best of the best\\" for 2010, but Flower's ambitious album is a magnificent work.  Flowers, on a break from The Killers, has managed to find his own voice and put out a fantastic solo album that is not just some Killers-redux.  This is a unqiue and gifted recording.  Tip: Buy this deluxe version of the album so you will get all 14 of his new songs.  Virtually every track is a gem, and there are enough catchy hooks throughout to fill a tackle box.    Flowers demonstrates admirable ability, taking cues from country, new wave, rock, and even some hymn-like arrangements to craft songs that are familiar and yet entirely new. His lyrics are also interesting and draw the ear and mind for repeated listening.  On \\"Playing with Fire,\\" for example, Flowers professes, \\"Ten thousand Demons hammer down with every footstep,/  Ten thousand Angels rush the wind against my back./ The church of mine may not be recognized by steeple,/ That doesn't mean that I will walk without a God.\\"  At times spiritual, and sometime sentimental, Flowers paints some artful images in these songs.  In \\"Welcome to Fabulous Law Vegas,\\" anyone who has ever visited Sin City will recognize his description of the Strip. On \\"The Clock Keeps Ticking,\\" he belts out a country ditty that is both poignant and funny.    My one beef with the deluxe album:  the electronic booklet does NOT contain any lyrics! What a waste.    I have given this album over a dozen full plays since purchasing it, and I'm still very drawn to the music and the lyrics on every track. This is a solid achievement.
B0026RHR6K|4.0|Love the series, love everything about the series. The acting, plot, action, myth, i can honestly say there wasn't an episode i didn't like. The only reason i gave this Product a 4/5 stars was the box. It's big, clunkey and takes up way too much space. Then there is the cases inside the box... ugh, the cardboard cases with flimsy dividers for the Blue-Ray Discs... makes me hesitant to pull/place the disc's within, scared I'm going to scratch them everytime.
B003XCVQ3C|5.0|Hi,<br /><br />I have a new 15 inch Macbook Pro Core i7 and wanted to connect it to my 42 inch Panasonic Plasma TV so i bought this moshi MiniDisplay Port to HDMI Adapter with Audio unboxed it i inserted it in my Mac then i inserted the HDMI cable into it and it immediately worked! then i went to system preference on my Mac under audio and chose to share Audio and the Audio worked 100% picture and audio quality are both excellent! and the adapter is top quality made of aluminum + plastic it feels and looks like a real Apple product i highly recommend this product to all latest generation Core i5-i7 Macbook Pro owners... please note that if you use this adapter with previous generation Macbook Pros Core 2 Due audio will not work just Video... all in all an excellent product that i highly recommend...<br />Thanks & Good Luck...
B003TML0VO|5.0|What a collaborations of musicians!  If you enjoy listening to Santana's guitar, and you like classic rock, this is a great combination of the 2.
B002QH2NUA|5.0|This CD/DVD is extremely entertaining. I saw Paul and his band in Pittsburgh in August at Consol E.C. They played non-stop for almost 3 hours. At 68, Paul can still bring it. He and his marvelous band put on a great show. When I saw the Good Evening NYC compilation on Amazon, and checked out the song titles, I noticed the play list was very similar to the Pittsburgh concert list. I HAD to have it. I'm a diehard Beatles fan so I love the old stuff Paul played. But coupled with Wings music and many \\"new\\" tunes I never heard before, this CD/DVD is a MUST HAVE for any music lover. I love the \\"newer\\" pieces like Calico Skies, Only Mama Knows, and Sing the Changes. The performances of \\"Live and Let Die\\", \\"Back in the USSR\\", \\"I'm Down\\" (which the Beatles played at their NYC visit in 1964)and the under-rated \\"Mrs.Vanderbilt\\" from the Wings Band on the Run, are tremendous! Grab a beverage, some popcorn, and put on the DVD. You'll have an enjoyable evening!
0316069485|5.0|In 1986, Jason Jessup was convicted of killing twelve year old Melissa Landry.  Recent testing of DNA evidence exonerates Jason who will receive a new trial.<br /><br />Los Angeles Office of the District Attorney prosecutors are embarrassed as they head to the retrial.  They ask defense attorney Mickey Haller for help; he agrees with the stipulation that he employs former LAPD cop Harry Bosch as his private investigator and his ex-wife prosecutor Maggie \\"McFierce\\" McPherson as the second chair.  Bosch works the cold case trying to find witnesses from the 1986 homicide of the tweener.  He especially wants to find the victim's older sister whose testimony hung Jessup.  At the same time, Haller finds working for the D.A. quite eye-opening as his every move is under scrutiny while he also distrusts Jessup's sleazy defense attorney.  However, perhaps the person all should watch is the one who hated the jurisprudence system before he spent a quarter of a century behind bars; now he obsessively loathes it and those who work it.<br /><br />The second pairing of this obstinate duet (see The Brass Verdict) makes for a fabulous investigative legal thriller with Haller's former wife on the team; he is thankful that having been married to her they can never meet in court as she is that tough and good.  Part of the fun is watching Haller switching sides for this case as fans of the Lincoln Lawyer will see how different what a defense attorney can do vs. a prosecutor.  With a strong investigation by Bosch and a powerful courtroom drama by Haller and McPherson, the audience will relish The Reversal.<br /><br />Harriet Klausner
B003ZK58WM|1.0|Let's see. How much does it cost to make an e-copy of a book?  How much does it cost to make a million more e-copies of a book?  How much more does the author get?  Does he get the difference between what a print edition costs and what a digital copy costs or does that go to the publisher??
B003UYUQZW|5.0|The movie is like watching an updated version of the book Arabian Nights.  Full of adventure, bad guys, and magic.  A great watch.
0439023491|4.0|This was the second book in The Hunger Game series by Suzanne Collins.  Once again, its an action-packed story.  It was still mostly plot based but I did get a little bit more feel of the characters.<br /><br />I started to like Katniss more in this book.  She still seems a little distant but she seemed more real to me in this book.  And I'm definitely Team Peeta.  I love his character and his personality.  I do have to say that usually when I'm reading a book, I can see the characters clearly in my mind.  But I can't really see any of these characters.  I don't know if there wasn't a really good description of them in the book, or if my mind just can't pick up on it but they're kind of faceless.<br /><br />This book was once again written so well.  The description of the world that Katniss and Peeta live in is so well described that I can easily see this part in my mind.  And the way the action is written, its like a real movie (with featureless characters) flowing through my mind. It's great!<br /><br />The ending left me a little confused.  Without giving it away---I don't think I fully get what happened at the end.  And the very last sentence of the book--huh??  Did it mean ever, or just now that there is an uprising?  I'm so glad I have Mockingjay to dive into!
B003F3NDWG|5.0|Yes, fun mysteries.  Who did it and why, of course, but the special relationship between the two main characters makes it fun.
1935251740|3.0|This could have been an excellent companion book to Hawking's The Grand Design.  I have just finished reading them both and the overlap was significant.  However, the actual writing of Biocentrism really left something to be desired.    Lanza's irritating lapses into nostalgia served no real purpose other than to sneak a some self-aggrandizing autobiographical content into the book.  If you're going to write an autobiography, write an autobiography.  Don't pretend it's relevant and dump it into the middle of a book you're trying to pass off as a serious attempt at shining a light on the nature of reality.    The heavy reliance on quotes from Thoreau and Emerson got old quickly.  They seemed to have been shoehorned into the text.  The same goes for the ridiculous and stale pop culture references.  Like the nostalgic anecdotes, they're very jarring and really detract from the overall subject being discussed.    Also, Lanza's incredible distaste for string theory was brought up again and again and again in the first two chapters.  I'm quite surprised that his co-author/consultant let it get to publication.  After I got past the beating of the dead horse, I felt really embarrassed for Lanza.  It was rather apparent that nobody ever sat down and explained how it works to him.    If the shoehorned personal anecdotes, stale pop culture references, and word-count padding Emerson quotes are stripped out of the text, Biocentrism is a good companion to Hawking's The Grand Design.  I have a personal rule to never write in books, but I think I will make a singular exception for this book and use a pencil to mark out the garbage.  Then it can go on the shelf right next to The Grand Design.  Lanza's editor should be fired.
B000000WA4|5.0|not only is this CD the greatest, but the package of it was soooo coooooollllll...and it was crazyly cheap... 6 bucks....whattt?! XD love it (:
B003ZK58WM|5.0|I almost passed over this because of all the one star reviews...until I saw that they are all people complaining about the e-book price. Well, I don't have an e-book so guess what? I DON'T CARE! How is THE BOOK? That's what I want to know!<br />I think it is just wrong to give a one-star review because of the Kindle price! That's reviewing the publisher, not the book. (I figure my five star, despite not having read the book(which I also think is wrong), balances at least a handful of single stars)<br /><br />UPDATE: I am letting my five star review stand, because now having read the book I would give it about a three star rating. So my review, balanced out by a one-star price review, comes out to an appropriate rating. Not the best novel. Far from the the worst, though. Entertaining enough. I am looking forward to the next in the series.
B00009P1O0|5.0|In the Amazon review of this album it's claimed that this was the first \\"studio recording\\" released after \\"Harvest\\" and the rejection of \\"Tonight's The Night\\", which is technically true but bypasses the great un-re-released live recording \\"Time Fades Away\\", released originally prior to \\"On The Beach\\". \\"Time Fades Away\\" and \\"Tonight's The Night\\" are really twins seperated at birth. Both are dark, ragged, mournful and drunken masterpieces. To turn in \\"Time Fades Away\\" after the Warner Brothers rejected \\"Tonight's The Night\\" must have been a shock to the execs there at the time as \\"Time...\\" is an even more forlorn and raqged record of where Neil Young was at than was \\"Tonight...\\". When Neil Young famously said he was headed \\"..to the ditch...\\" after the MOR \\"Harvest\\" he wasn't kidding.    That same review goes on to describe the album as \\"full of despair and little hope\\". But I disagree.    \\"On The Beach\\" is Neil trying to get the car out of the ditch, maybe not back onto the road but, at least, onto the shoulder. This is the third of the four great dark albums that he produced in the mid-seventies, \\"Zuma\\" being the last long bong hit before the mellowness of \\"Comes A Time\\". \\"Beach\\" offers hope where \\"Time\\" and \\"Tonight\\" are full-blown funeral dirges for the hippie dream run amuck and hanging from a needle's point. The hope is hard to find here, but it's there in almost every song if nothing more than having the strength to be defiant once again and give the finger to his critics(Walk On), or rejecting celebrity status (For The Turnstiles), or in realizing that sometimes you're just \\"...pissing in the wind\\" (Ambulance Blues). He revisits past lovers (Motion Pictures), comments on the oil crisis of the early seventies (Vampire Blues), and gives us a harrowing yet strangly beautiful view of the darker side of the hippie dream (Revolution Blues). Here is a man rejecting just about everything that stands between himself and the light at the end of the tunnel (On The Beach). The sky might be about to rain but this train is going to keep on rolling towards sunnier climes.    There's a lonliness that permeates this music. \\"Time\\" and \\"Tonight\\" were communal wakes. \\"Beach\\" is more a burial attended by one or a visit to the grave after the others have gone home. In burying the past along with the dead he seems to be better able to move on himself. With \\"Zuma\\" there is a completion in \\"Dangerbird\\" (...with the rain pounding on his back he recalls the moment that he cracked long ago in the museum with his friends, and like those memories the rain keeps pounding down and down and down and down) and \\"Barstool Blues\\" with it's Shakespearian reference to \\"...a man who died a thousand deaths\\", to what seems to be a complete recovery and a witness to a man with a very different attitude than the one we knew from \\"Harvest\\" backwards, with songs like \\"Drive Back\\" and \\"Stupid Girl\\". Only \\"Cortez\\" seems familiar and a little like \\"the old songs\\". He seems born again, bitten and twice shy, and not giving a f*** if you want to come along or not. It's inevitable and I, for one, admire the attitude.    \\"Beach\\" is a great record. All four of the albums, separately and together, constitute some of the best music in the rock'n'roll catalogue.  I wish those of you who've never heard \\"Time Fades Away\\" could hear it. Perhaps Mr. Young will include it in the next box set. I'm lucky enough to have it on vinyl.    Regards,  JS
B002N5N5M0|5.0|DVD arrived sooner than expected, and its condition was as advertised: perfect/New.<br />Very pleased.<br />Dexter's Great!
B002ZG97V0|5.0|One of the best movies I have seen lately. The animation is amazing- it couldn't be better it was real! The movement of the owls is perfect. The aerial battles are awesome.  The use of \\"slow motion\\" creates some very dramatic moments.  The facial expressions of the owls are great, not realistic of course, owls don't smile. but they are done in such a way that really fits with owl faces. The story is also inspiring if you like to see the triumph of good over evil. I saw it at the IMAX 3D which is definitely the way to go if you can. It is definitely appropriate for adults who like animation.
044654759X|2.0|Nicholas Sparks books are hit and miss for me...I liked A Bend in the Road and The Guardian but Safe Haven was disappointing. The characters were not engaging at all and although I read until the end, I found myself not caring what happened. After just reading the blurb on the back before actually reading it, I guessed that Katie was running away from an abusive husband and thats what it turned out to be. Very unoriginal story and again the characters were boring as was Katie and Alex's relationship. Boring. I don't even like Katie that much.    Also, the story goes into a lot of detail about the abusive husband's point of view. Not interesting. Yeah, I want to know about the bad guy but it was too much. Also, he is a bastard but the way he came at Katie at the end of the book was dumb...how about a smart bad guy? Also, the twist at the end was just plain silly. I'm hoping his next book will be better!
030745455X|5.0|I am still reading it but the book is what I expected it to be.  A great follow up to the previous books from this series.  PERFECTO!<br />[[ASIN:030726999X The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest]]<br />[[ASIN:0307594777 Stieg Larsson's Millennium Trilogy Bundle: The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, The Girl Who Played with Fire, The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest]]
B0007MWZEK|5.0|I am in my 70s and  have arthritis.  One day I was hauling my vacuum out of the closet and decided then and there not to do it again.  It was just too heavy. Since I have no carpet at all I decided to try this marvelous contraption.  I love it!   My hubby has a shop vac which I can use for  upholstered furniture so I haven't missed having my canister  vac..I haven't tried the  sweeper on carpeted areas  but for my hard surface floors it works great. I gave my vacuum to my son  and he's happy with it.   I haven't yet given away my broom and dust pan but I  don't use them much any more.  Wonderful product highly recommended by a 74 year old gramma!
0783225733|4.0|I loved this movie! And to think that they went to the moon using \\"computers\\" that had less memory than an average calculator has today! Just think - your cell phone is 10 times as advanced as the computers they used to get to the moon! Mind boggling!
B003ZK58WM|1.0|I, too, share the incredible frustration the $19.99 ebook price has stirred. As the owner of a Kindle and a Nook, I can tell you that both ebooks carry the same hefty price tag. And, even though I came so close to purchasing the book anyway, I just can't quite do it. I did, however, decide to contact Penguin books, and they have a link to Ken Follett's fan page. So, I sent my message to Mr. Follett directly inviting him to read the reviews regarding the price. Perhaps I'm naive, but I wonder what would happen if the 200+ negative reviews were read by the author directly???
0312600844|4.0|Taken in its own right, and not compared with Jonathan's Frazen's \\"The Corrections\\", \\"Freedom\\" is a good read.  The characters are fully developed, the plot deals with the realities of life in America today and the issue of environmental disaster is brought to light in living color.  Basically though, it's about a marriage and I couldn't help but feel compassion as well as impatience at the twists and turns it takes.<br /><br />Patty and Walter Bergland's lives are put under a microscope; I got to know both of them inside out though the writer's skill.  The details of their relationship made me feel a connection to both of them. She's a former college athlete who, in the 1970's, rejected her affluent Westchester New York family and relocated to Minnesota where she went to college.  There she met Walter, the quiet conservative roommate of rock musician Richard.  The relationships between these three people are the foundation of the book as their lives intersect over and over again throughout the years.<br /><br />Two sections of the book are written in the first person as Patty's autobiography.  This made it easy to identify with her.  However, we also get to know Walter well.  As a reader I soon got an understanding of the conflict between these two.  It made the events that happened really vivid because I could sense the clashes, upsets and complexities of their marriage.  As we follow them through the years, we also get to know their son, Joey, and it is through his eyes that we get to see America in 2004 - the polities, the war in Iraq and the endemic corruption in America at that time.  We also get to look at a complex plan that the idealist Walter gets involved in that seems to protect an endangered species and, at the same time create environmental problems.  At the core of all of this is the theme is that life is complicated and nothing is as easy as it seems.<br /><br />I enjoyed the book.  It is good, but not great.  Certainly it is worthwhile read, especially the parts that deal with the environment.with the environment.
B0041VV03A|1.0|This movie was complete crap and extremely predictable- If I could give it less than 1 star I would, thank you Amazon.com, Idiots.<br /><br />*** Possible Spoiler***:<br /><br />The whole 'Don't mess with Mother Nature' message was evident even from the previews but this took it to a whole new low with the creature sex et all. My friends and I were able to call pretty much everything throughout the movie and nothing surprised us but the visual effects were pretty impressive. Over all, I stick with my title as it is as accurate a description as I can find. Save your money! I'm very proud to say I only rented this for $3.99 and am glad I didn't pay full price for it or see it in theaters. No wonder people are pirating movies these days- we keep churning out crap!
0439023521|5.0|The New Yorker magazine featured a review of recent teen books featuring futuristic, dystopian states.  Collins' trilogy was the main feature -- it is wildly popular with the 8th - 12th grade set currently.  After all, writes the New Yorker, isn't this what high school is all about?  Getting thrown into a social cesspool, with treacherous peer undercurrents, mortal enemies, painful conflict and autocratic old folks superimposing their will on all individuality?  What fifteen year old can't relate?<br /><br />The nefarious central government of Panem, having obliterated all dissent in the outlying regions decades ago, must annually remind outposts that rebellion is fruitless, that all power remains with \\"The Capitol\\".  Hence, the culling of regional youth to be sacrificed in annual \\"Hunger Games\\" wherein teens are thrown into a mano-a-mano winner take all format.  Two dozen sacrificial lambs are led into the arena.  One will emerge.<br /><br />This brutal premise is the pivot for the trilogy.  Here in the first novel, it grips us.  Pages rip by, as the reader delves in wanting to learn more about how the game is staged, how it unfolds.  This is Lord-of-the-Flies times 12.  We follow the Hunger Games through protagonist, Katniss Everdeen, a moody but athletic tomboy young lady who struggles to keep her family together, to fight government demons, and to decipher her coming-of-age emotions.<br /><br />This is a terrific read for any young teen, depicting a broken world, but never getting heavy-handed in political statement one way or the other.  My teens never put it down...a quick read.  Would make a fine gift book for a favorite niece, nephew or grandchild.  Totally Dad-approved.  Of the trilogy, this book is best.
B0036TGSRG|1.0|After all of the critical acclaim for this movie, I had expected to really like it.  I'm a fan of thrillers, but it was an incredible disappointment.  Scenes are stilted, and often the actors project an urgency and paranoia before the plot has actually built enough suspense to warrant it.  As the movie progresses, the lead character (Ghost Writer 2) alternately behaves as if he's 1) scared for his life and 2) perfectly happy to be in harms way.  I won't dwell on the ending except to say that it's one of the worst I've seen in a long time.  When the movie ended, the only thing I felt was anger that I'd wasted over 2 hours watching it.
0439023513|4.0|Preposterous to imagine NOT reading the finale.<br /><br />So, fortunately this does not become The Hunger Games III.  No, it becomes a showcase of society breaking apart, of self-interested leaders, of win-at-all costs warfare.  To Collins' credit, she does not neatly tie up the ending, so there is a thought provoking, discussion enticing storyline that ends the trilogy.  The Capital v. Districts, and Peeta-or-Gale themes morph into more than one-dimensional, easily solved puzzles.<br /><br />My daughter and I disagreed on this one. She loved it, thought it the best of the trilogy.  I enjoyed the fresh exposure to dystopia we are given in the first HUNGER GAMES.<br /><br />And how wonderful is it to be able to discuss a book with your teen daughter?  Add an extra 1/2 star to the four above.
1577314808|5.0|While the practicality and wisdom of living in the Now at all times is widely open to debate, this book is essential reading to any true seeker. Eckart Tolle provides the reader with an extremely effective meditation practice that tames the mind, raises consciousness, connects to divine energy and lays the groundwork for fantastic visions and lucid dreaming. While it doesn't offer a complete system, it does give you many large pieces of the puzzle. This book is in some ways the antithesis of the Law of Attraction. My guess is that Napoleon Hill, someone else I greatly admire, would not rate this work highly as people he would regard as successful all have burning desires, build strong self esteem with affirmation, and set their minds to the manifestation of their desires, which requires forward thinking and is a fulfilling way of life in and of itself.  Indeed, along with Love, two of the main tenants of Christianity involve Faith and Hope: more forward thinking. Who'se the better spiritual teacher - Tolle or Jesus Christ? Part of the reason we are in this world is to learn creativity: the art of manifestation, which can't be perfected through deep introspection and stillness alone.  Tolle and so many other teachers preach against the ego. Well, the ego means different things to different people. To me it means personal identity, self esteem and confidence, all of which are tools we must possess to thrive in physical existence. To negate these things entirely, to forsake the cultivation of self and personal empowerment is a potential recipe for victimhood. The concept that we don't exist as individuals and that it is wrong to have possessions, even a personal identity can be just as psychologically damaging as the idea that we are each an island with no interconnectivity whatsoever.  Having said that, I agree with Tolle that while the conscious reasoning mind is a wonderful tool, it must be tamed.  If we spend all our time looking to the future or dwelling on the past, it won't be long before the conscious mind starts obsessing: causing one to worry about the future and begrudge the past.   Without spending time in the Now,  processing the negative happenings of day to day life becomes impossible - negative emotions build up and this pain body Eckart writes about becomes more dominant. My message to those who have given up on the Power of Now because of it's all or nothing approach is that an hour or even a few minutes a day of meditating the way Tolle teaches here can lead to enormous benefits.  Add some Law of Attraction, energy cultivation, and chakra development exercises to the practices outlined here and you'll have a complete system.
0439023491|4.0|If you want more Games, here they are again.  This is the nightcap in a Hunger Games double-bill. You just know that the Capitol and good old President Snow isn't going to be happy with the result of Hunger Games I, so in even more diabolical fashion, he decides to throw all past victors back into the soup.  It's patently unjust.  And as we are drawn to car crashes, we readers dig into CATCHING FIRE to find out how these follow-up games will break.<br /><br />But the central question of CATCHING FIRE is really character development...will Ms. Katniss Everdeen, our young heroine of THE HUNGER GAMES, now fall for her hunting soul-mate or her fellow victor and protector?  Gale or Peeta?  This plot-line is as purposefully confused as Katniss is.  Ahh, so many questions to resolve.<br /><br />Will this Hunger Games (called the Quarter Quell - games staged every quarter century) end with a single victor, with two victors, with any victors?  Will Katniss, or Peeta, or Finnick or anyone survive?  Who will it be?  Will she choose Peeta or Gale?  Will she have the chance?<br /><br />Will anything be decided or will we need to read the next book?  Will your teens keep reading? Do you need to buy all three books?<br /><br />Duh.
B003EYVXYQ|3.0|I gotta be honest:  not a good movie.  I feel like you have to be real loyal to Mr. Romero to say you liked this movie.  The acting was lame and so was the premise.  I know its not possible now, but maybe in a few months or his next term in office, Obama can make it so we can return movies that we feel are just bad.<br /><br />I was really let down and hope you won't waste your money on this.  Mr. Romero seems to be smoking some really horrible stuff to be happy with this movie.
B003DKJ5ZU|5.0|My daughter adored the first TinkerBell movie 2 years ago and then we got the second one and we didn't like it as much.  But we _love_ this new addition to the series, it is great!  For starters, we get to see a lot more of the other 5 fairy friends (and also Bobble and Clank) than we did in the last one.  But also, the plot was more interesting with the addition of the human plot line and characters.  Overall it was worth the money.  It was also worth the money to get the BluRay, it just looks gorgeous!
B0046LNDEO|5.0|best show on tv well right after star gate universe and caprica hopefully Allison Mack wont be absent for to many episodes it was bad enough they got rid of lex i mean superman without a lex Luther what the heck were they thinking and his evil clone jut dosent make it i am sorry to see that this is the last season it was really starting to become greatness
1439190275|5.0|Over my sixty plus years I was thin, fat, thin, fat, with fat getting the upper hand as I did vegetarian then vegan diets. Finally, seven years ago out of desperation, I bought Atkins' book and all the health problems I developed went away as I rid my diet of sugars/starches and stuck to meats, low sugar fruits and vegetables.     I grew up on a farm eating plenty of homegrown meat, dairy, veg, fruit. I remember noticing that my dad and other family members who ate more fatty meat, and less bread/ starch were the lean people, and thought it was just differing metabolism. Now it all makes sense.     Like most things in life, people usually believe what they WANT to believe. People are more dogmatic about diet than religion, so they often won't even look at other evidence.     When you see your life go from overweight, migraines, joint pain, allergies year-round, to slim, pain & pill free, looking & feeling really healthy for the first time in forty years, then you KNOW. The real denial is wanting to believe that the modern, tightly controlled food industry-- which has helped keep all areas of medicine fully employed-- has our best interests in mind.    As to this new Atkins book, done  by Dr. Atkins' successors, don't forget that ketosis is a miracle of human evolution, so to underplay it in the new book is unfortunate.  I do at least one 10-20 day fast each year, and always feel terrific. Every religious tradition has fasting, so living in ketosis has been  practiced for thousands of years of recent history  as well as the long evolutionary survival times.
B0011UF792|4.0|It's difficult to write a perceptive review when you're not sure what the film maker's intentions are. It's self-evident that the script is (as Kevin Smith says) \\"the product of 28 years of religious and spiritual meditation\\". You don't knock out such a complex piece of writing in a couple of weekends. But as for the why...<br /><br />Smith has multiple targets, one of which is the \\"cutesying\\" of religion, as shown in the \\"Catholicism WOW!\\" campaign and the \\"Buddy Jesus\\" statue. (Not to mention the idea that the church has to adjust to human needs, rather than human beings doing what God requires of them.) He's also poking fun at religious dogma, which can include ridiculous and self-contradictory beliefs (such as those that drive \\"Dogma\\"s plot).<br /><br />The issue that Smith only briefly addresses, and skips over the answer to, but which is at the heart of all arguments over God and His/Her/Its relationship to mankind is... Why would infinite eternal Spirit create a finite temporal universe, subject to change and corruption? It is the patently self-contradictory belief that the material universe is God's creation that leads to the mental and moral confusion about why we're here (we aren't) and what we're supposed to do about it (grow out it). The simple answer to The Problem of Being is that, if God is infinite, then there is no room for anything unlike God.<br /><br />There's no question that \\"Dogma\\" is a broad attack on organized -- and therefore materialistic -- religion, so no sincerely spiritual person could -- or should -- be offended by it. Organized religion doesn't need Kevin Smith to attack it -- to any reasonably thoughtful person, it's its own worst enemy. I am, however, offended by the almost-continual flow of vulgar language. Less -- much less -- would be more, and more-effective.<br /><br />Smith has done a good job of converting a philosophical essay into a watchable film. It sags at spots (particularly at the end), and Smith's direction could be a bit more focused and \\"stylish\\", but it's great that a film actually has something to say -- even if it isn't always clear what that something is.a bit more focused and \\"stylish\\", but it's great that a film actually has something to say -- even if it isn't always clear what that something is.
B0030Y11XS|5.0|Everyone who wants to understand why the economic and social system in which we live today doesn't work should watch Michael Moore's excellent documentary \\"Capitalism - A Love Story\\". Highly recommended. Forget the state propaganda, see the unadulterated truth.
B003WSFXKY|1.0|Santana is talented and so are his guests.  On paper this album looks like it might work but it turns out to sound like a bad generic mix tape made up of amateur bands doing cover tunes.  It's almost like everyone is trying too hard yet they still fail.   Sounds like he uses the same solo in every song.  He needs to get out of his Marin mansion and go back to his roots and do something original to catch that old spirit that first put him on the map.  But, in his defense I still respect the guy overall and wish I could play as good as him.
B0002IQNAG|4.0|What can I say, this basically started the Zombie film genre. I recommend this<br />as a starter movie for any George Romero fan.
160094048X|5.0|I've always been more of a \\"food\\" person than a \\"dessert\\" person. But other people like sweets. And they'll think you're an alien bodysnatcher if you don't like sweets. So, to fit in at family meals, office parties, and holiday get-togethers, I'm learning to care about cakes, pies, bars, and--yes--cookies.<br /><br />I trust Isa & Terry from my experience with theppk.com and their cookbook [[ASIN:156924264X Veganomicon: The Ultimate Vegan Cookbook]]. And in the realm of cookies, they've helped me to not only overcome my avoidance of cookies, but freakin' love cookies.<br /><br />The recipes in this book are creative, yet simple, easy to follow, and delicious. My non-vegan family members often request that I make cookies from Vegan Cookies Invade Your Cookie Jar. My dad's favorite are the Peanut Butter Chocolate Pillows.<br /><br />One thing I love about this cookbook (and the same is true of [[ASIN:156924264X Veganomicon: The Ultimate Vegan Cookbook]]) is that you can pick it up anytime and make something immediately: I never have to go get special ingredients or set aside hours of my day.
0439023513|5.0|I thought this was a very thought provoking and interesting ending to the book. I was very satisfied.
1423117166|5.0|If you love looking at the \\"blood, sweet, and tears\\" that goes into a drawing, this is a great book.  I love the diffrent construction lines from each artist.  I can spend hours looking at each drawing.  Perfect for any Disney Animation fan, or any one who likes art!
B003L20IFQ|4.0|You wouldn't figure a movie that spends the entire 90 minutes stuck inside a coffin with just a single actor could be anything but boring, but thanks to a real revelation of a performance from Ryan Reynolds, Buried defies the odds. The premise is simple. A civilian truck driver in Iraq wakes up and finds himself buried alive. Because it's shot in real time, every suffocating minute he fights through, we also share in the agony. I must warn you that patience is required. The movie moves along at a decent pace and there is plenty of suspense, but we as the audience experience nothing other than what this unfortunate character is going through. This includes a couple of minutes along the way of staring at a black screen as his various lights go out. Don't worry too much though, because he has a zippo, flashlight, two glow sticks and the faint light from a cell phone to help us see what is going on. The phone also come in handy for dialogue purposes. Why does he have all of these things? Well, I won't ruin it for you.<br /><br />This can easily be dismissed as a gimmicky film, but unlike Open Water and Frozen, where people are trapped in one area for most of the running time, Buried never loses steam and is very believable. I never considered Ryan Reynolds to be a good actor before, though I didn't dislike him, but his acting here is near Oscar nomination worthy. He makes one guy in a box interesting and more importantly, you care about what happens to him. I read the dude got a bald spot and dislocated his shoulder during the 17 days shooting days he spent in that wooden coffin. It would take some big bucks just for me to do that alone, without the whole trying to act while extremely uncomfortable part of the equation. Hopefully this will lead him away from movies like The Proposal and down the path of quality projects in the future.<br /><br />Definitely check it out on DVD, but if it's playing near you, see it on the big screen. It takes claustrophobia to a whole new level.
B000JRYOPG|4.0|one of my all time favorite movies i love reggee music danceing and action that keeps you tuned in .you will love this movie if you like reggee and gangsta movies like belly .
B003H6KRIE|5.0|Yes, you can have an intelligent movie with action in it. I guess you must start with a solid story. It seems to me that many movies are put together during Hollywood \\"brainstorming\\" sessions as opposed to there being a book/story first and then adapting it to the big screen. Damon is truly believable as the enigmatic Jason Bourne. The other characters add realism to this group of pictures. Oh, by the way, the script does not need to have people who cannot express themselves without using non-stop expletives. Refreshing, you say? Just shows how Hollywood has succumbed to crassness, and lost its way.
B002RWKSII|5.0|Brian Wilson shows how timeless Gershwin's songs are by resetting them in unexpected ways.  Great arrangements, great songs, well performed, what more could one ask?  A great album.    My favorite cut is \\"Someone to Watch Over Me\\" -- but they are all good.  Get it.
B002E01LUM|3.0|I liked a lot about this movie when I saw it, but I wasn't surprised when I heard Del Toro say the studio had basically ruined his movie. If there is the material to complete the film correctly, then a director's cut is in order. I can't say if this would make it one of his best films, but it has great potential.
B001C4CI8U|5.0|I've gotten picky about shows over the last few years since there seems to be a tendency by networks to cancel the good ones. I did, however, decide to give Fringe a try since it is J.J. Abrams. I was hooked immediately.<br /><br />It has essences of X-Files with a bit of forensics like CSI. The characters are very likable and creatively mastered (the actors chosen do a great job portraying them). The plot is unique and interesting. This set has been reviewed a lot so I'll just say that it has my vote for 5 stars. If you like science fiction, you'll love this.
0743289684|5.0|An absolutely wonderful read.  Especially in these times of Israeli-Palestine conflict and the Taliban, this book is an essential tool in opening up the conversation concerning Islamic extremism.  Their has been much prejudice and mislabeling of an entire group of people in western society, this memoir reveals in part, the modern rebirth of religious fanaticism which roots lie within war torn countries whose people \\"were grabbing for certainties.\\"  Very intriguing.  A must for all Poly Sci majors. Enjoy. Ponder. Discuss.
B002WY65W4|2.0|The movie came in a DVD case rather than the actual blu-ray case, very disappointing.
B003J27WFW|5.0|Great documentary you just don't see this kind of life story with other bands well worth it!
0553805371|5.0|A popular approach to define our existence from the universe (multi-verse) creation to our reality using the history of physics in a plain language. Just to conclude that using available science, no form of creator (forget religion) is needed to justify our creation. I really have been thinking that such possibility is really probable for long time. This book gave me additional tools to go much deeper in such thesis. While the book is written with a wide audience on mind, I feel that having at least college physics and related math would help you to understand concepts more clearly and enjoy more without guessing that such concepts make sense.
B002KSPKRS|4.0|This was an impulse buy, plain and simple.  I'm usually not too happy in the long-run with impulse buys, but I must say that I have been pleasantly surprised by how functional this headset is.    For over $150, you would expect greatness for gaming headphones when that money could have been used to... well... buy three more games.  To give you a better look into my \\"gaming situation,\\" I'll let you know that I have been gaming with a 5.1 surround system that has been doing me well for about three years, but I was looking for something that was more \\"quiet\\" since I game mainly in the evening.  I have no problems cranking up the volume during the day, but for those late-night Halo: Reach sessions, I wanted some good audio that would match the quality of my surround sound system.    Enter Turtle Beach Ear Force X41 headphones.  These things are amazingly responsive and sound great.  Upon receiving these, I was really quite happy with the packaging as well as the build quality of the base station.  Turtle Beach includes everything that you'll need to hook these up within minutes (yes, even the optical cable... albeit it's a little flimsy) and no extra cables are needed.  Because my television does not support 5.1 pass-through via the HDMI connection, I have my optical cable split between my 5.1 surround sound system and these headphones.    Upon turning these headphones on and firing up Halo: Reach, I was engulfed with some amazing sound quality.  Initially, I realized just how loud these cans can get and was quite shocked, yet impressed.  The sound quality is just really good... I know it's vague but it's hard to really explain sound quality of headphones.  For wireless headphones though (even wired for that matter), I haven't heard anything better.    In a gaming situation, I was really impressed with the amount of sounds that I heard.  I went back and replayed the first couple of levels of H:R with these things and I could hear every shot from every direction.  Even the subtle movements and shots can be heard and I felt like it was a new experience as it was hard for me to hear those subtleties on my regular surround-sound system.  I also tried these with Modern Warfare 2 and Alan Wake and was quite impressed.    Now, I will say that after owning these for about a month, I have heard some crackling sounds in the headphones, but these have all gone away after a minute or two of gaming.  It only happens on occasions, but it usually is occurring when there is deep bass sounds that are happening in-game (usually in-game theme music).  It's not annoying and sound mainly like the sound is clipping (think too much gain on a microphone, etc.).  This is not really a problem, but rather a slight annoyance that has received too much attention in these reviews.  I've alleviated this by turning the sound down slightly during those times and it hasn't affected my gameplay.    Speaking of gameplay, these headphones are really comfortable.  They are quite breathable and won't make your ears sweat or hurt in long gaming sessions.  They're also not too heavy, so they won't hurt your neck.    I do want to remind you though, that these headphones are not quite \\"all\\" wireless because in order to use Xbox live voice communication, you will need to plug in a cord to the controller and into the left-ear headphone.  I initially read on many reviews how this cord seems to come out of the controller a lot... this hasn't happened to me at all and the connection is very snug.  I even dropped the controller while the cord was plugged in and it stayed connected.    Since I've had these, I have pretty much stopped using my normal surround-sound system and switched over to these.  I think the coolest part about them is the ability for a second player to plug in their own headphones to the base-station.  This is great because any headset will work with an 1/8\\" jack.    If you have the money to spare and want some great headphones, these are worth the money.  Test them out thoroughly once you get them, though, to make sure you have a good pair.  I've had no problems with mine so far.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|This product was fairly easy for me to install. I also bought two, Cooler Master 120mm fans for the push pull setup. I have a silver stone TJ06 case which has doesn't have very good airflow with a stock heat sink. This product makes a huge difference with the airflow in my case. I do not have any issue with noise, when I close my case door sound is not an issue with the hyper 212+.
0817439390|5.0|This is an excellent book on the basics of digital photography.  It is well written, easy to read, and pleasantly illustrated.
B0018O4YT0|5.0|This movie was my surprise purchase of the year and on my list it scores right up there with &#34;Watchmen&#34;, &#34;Flash Gordon&#34; and &#34;The Dark Knight&#34; and is a thoroughly enjoyable mind bender of the 1st Degree. Seldom does a movie keep me guessing right up to the very end but when all is finally revealed it is one of the most satisfying cinematic experiences you'll have in a long time.  A true mix of Film Noir and science fiction unlike any other. I only wish I had seen it in the theatre but in upverted 1080p on a 60-inch Sony Bravia it is still a masterpiece.
0394818237|5.0|I have purchased this book more than once from Amazon and always have loved it as the children I have given it too!  Richard Scarry is a wonderful children's author and the illustrations are amazing!
B00127RAJY|5.0|I used to be a firm believer that one should workout at least 45 minutes a session to really work up a sweat and burn calories. Jillian has proven me wrong.  These workouts are tough! I don't think beginners should stay doing level 1 as you would get bored. I'd suggest you mix it up throughout the week. Whenever I am short on time for exercise I switch between levels 2 and 3.     The standard format for each workout is 3 intervals comprised of 2 minutes of strength training, 2 minutes of cardio and 1 minute of abs. Each strength and cardio section has 2 different exercises, performed twice. Then you hit the floor for an ab workout that will definitely help whittle your middle! This structure is repeated 3 times with all different exercises. As per Jillian's usual method she incorporates small muscle exercises such as bicep curls with a larger muscle exercise such as a lunge. So you're really doing two exercises at the same time to maximize fat burn and your time. Jillian isn't the best on tracking time. These workouts claim to be 20 minutes not one finishes in under 25 minutes. Still a great workout in less than 30 minutes that will kick your rear! And help shrink it!
B00003CWN3|4.0|This movie got my attention because Hilary Swank plays in it. I had expected it to be a fun fictional movie to watch, but I was wrong. However I learned how difficult life can be for people who have identity issues and the violence towards these people. It made me angry, but I learned something through it.
B000002RXS|5.0|This remastered Callas Carmen cd (EMI 1997) is the best Carmen that I have ever heard. Callas sings the role so convincingly that she IS Carmen. Her greatness was her ability to become one with the character she portrays and this is most evident with Carmen. The audio quality of this cd is very fine as this sounds like a new recording. As others have stated, the entire cast is very fine with no weak links in any roles. The Paris Opera Orchestra is excellent. This is one of the greatest operas ever written and it is a tragedy that Bizet was not aware of its great appeal and success before he died.
0439023513|1.0|Wow. This book was AWFUL.  She totally destroyed the character Katniss and made her extremely pathetic. its like she decided to hate Katniss. I wouldn't even bother with this book. Very truly disappointing.
B003EYVXT6|4.0|I'm not sure why this movie is getting such bad reviews. It is a very interesting movie which touches on a lot of different subjects like science and right and wrong.<br /><br />The acting of the main characters is great. There is character development throughout and the story is ever developing throughout.<br /><br /> I thought the special effects were great. The chick who played \\"Dren\\" was talented in her mannerisms and over-all performance.<br /><br />I can see why many people dislike this movie after a little over half way through it. Things start to happen which are odd, gross, sick, and just plain wrong. But those things are what keeps the movie going and hold the interest of the audience.<br /><br />This weekend I watched 4 horror/thriller movies. The Human Centipede, Triangle, Nightmare on Elm Street (2010), and Splice. All were pretty decent movies, but Splice was my favorite out of the bunch.<br /><br />It is at least worth a rent if you are a fan of the sci-fi horror genre.
B002ZG98UA|1.0|Or something. I don't know. Something needs to be done. That's two bad Resident Evil movies in a row.<br /><br />There's something about these last two Resident Evil movies that are lacking. There's this weird sense of bland, hollowness as you're watching it. Nothing about it engages you, it leaves you feeling like a distant spectator. I was bored out of my mind.<br /><br />There's just no feeling of purpose or goal. The characters are just wandering from scene to scene, with some vague sense of some nebulous destination in the near future, but it just doesn't feel significant. The relationships between the characters are never fully explored, such as between Chris and Claire Redfield, and you just generally don't care about anything that's going on, you're just \\"watching.\\"<br /><br />I like the inclusion of Michael Scofield, and his being \\"broken out of prison.\\" Nice nod to the Prison Break series, of which only the first two seasons count, as everything after that are just abominations to mankind in its purest form.
B000001Y2U|5.0|I was in my early teens when MM came on the scene. My mother was a religious zealot who convinced me that MM was a deranged mouthpiece of the devil. I eventually came to leave my conservative, repressive upbringing behind, but I will always wish I could go back in time & go to an MM concert during this era. This album is amazing.<br />Highlights:<br />Angel with the Scabbed Wings-- This has an addictive tribal-like beat that will make you want to move. My favorite on this CD.<br />Antichrist Superstar-- A high-energy frolick into the world of MM. I love it when he growls \\"repent\\"! ;)<br />Tourniquet-- A lovely little dark song. Feel the angst. Ahh.<br /><br />The rest is good too, but those are my favorites. Buy this, but be forewarned: MM will ruin it for other music!
0545310601|5.0|I am surprised to know that I am one of few who closed this book with satisfaction on the ending. I will admit, there were parts where I hated the Mockingjay, I hated Peeta, Katniss, Gale, and so on. By the end I was extremely happy because I did not expect it, but I did hope for it. For those of you adults who have read the books I would like to let you know I am a young adult which the book was intended for. I read one review where the author was an adult, and she did not like the book partly because \\"The main perk of young adult literature is that you can have both good writing AND a hero who can inspire you by example to rise above and triumph.\\" I would like to clarify that YA books are not meant for that purpose yet some do meet those expectations. I think YA books are written for entertainment, and I believe they should tell us the truth and the reality of things as Mockingjay does. War does not end with a happily ever after! Every soldier that comes out of war is to be held honorable and so I do hold Katniss honorable as well as Peeta and Gale. Especially when that soldier doesn't come out of war. To say that this book doesn't have inspiration is a lie because it showed me that you can always become independent as Katniss proves at the end of the book with her stunt. (I won't mention the stunt for those of you who don't know) Mockingjay does not have a perfect fairy tale ending, but in reality whoever does?! That is what I love about this whole series because it comes to life in a very real way. Katniss does get more than she ever dreamed of, and the opinion that she never finds joy or happiness again is false because while she still worries for her children and Peeta, she knows she shouldn't and that they are safe. The nightmares of war never leave you. If you wish for that, I think you wish too much. In conclusion I put The Hunger Games at the top of my favorite reads, and I highly suggest this book despite other negative reviews. High praise to Susan Collins.
B002N5N5M0|5.0|I bought this DVD set for my son, who is on a humanitarian voyage with the US Navy.  In his free time, he watched all the episodes and thought that this season of Dexter was outstanding.  So, I get a happy US Navy Corpsman from this transaction.
B003F3NE1Q|5.0|I've read a lot of negative reviews about Grey's Anatomy, but in my opinion the show is getting better and better.  We are shown real character growth and development, and although story lines may not go the way the fans always want, I believe that Shonda Rhimes and co-writers have an endgame that will leave loyal viewers satisfied.  I was pleased with the price and condition of my DVD set, as well as the quick turnaround from when it was ordered to when it was delivered.  I've yet to have a problem with Amazon.  On a side note, I watch all my TV shows with closed captioning and it irked me a bit that there were a couple of typos on the subtitles, most noticibly in the season finale.
B003U4ZU7Q|5.0|[[ASIN:B003U4UNR8 LA X, Part 1 [HD]]]<br />This season was the best one of them all a real shocker...I really couldn't believe what happened it was worth the money to rent even though I have net [[ASIN:B0036EH3X4 Lost: The Complete Sixth and Final Season [Blu-ray]]]flix.
B002ZCY7PU|5.0|Great TV show , fun to watch . Must see season 1&2 for more fun !
0198326769|3.0|This is a good story for adults.  Wouldn't recommend for children because of the content not being understood by young kids
B000Q6GUW0|5.0|This was a gift....I knew the person wanted it.  I have never seen Dexter.
1608100197|5.0|This was a gift for my daughter, a very smart child who happens to be a big procrastinator. It is good and simple to read and understand & interseting.
B0042MEQVG|5.0|Usually when it comes to books made into movies they are so off that its just not fun watching the movies, and I'll admit the Twilight movies mix things up and change a couple things but for the most part are true to form, and the latest installment \\"Eclipse\\" was by far the most amazing movie in the saga, I loved every minute of it and it was well worth the hiked up opening weekend prices to see it. I have read each book in the saga (including The Short Second Life of Bree Tanner) at least half a dozen times if not more and I know every detail. I am completely in love with this series and can't wait for the Breaking Dawn films to come out.
B001PPLKI0|3.0|I bought this for my relative, a huge elvis fan. When I saw her next she thanked me but said some songs were missing, not included. It's missing Ave Maria and a song about the rosary. When I mentioned Elvis wasn't Catholic, she played those songs for me on a CD my brother gave her years ago.
0345337581|2.0|This book was not what I thought it would be, not so helpful and repetitive reading.  Did not help me at all.
0439023513|5.0|Not in a long time have I had a young adult fiction novel evoke so much thought and reflection.  I have read a large majority of the reviews from people regarding this book here on Amazon, and other fansites, but I have been unable to find a discussion regarding a simple question posed at the beginning at chapter 25, \\"Real or Not Real?\\"    This game, played between Peeta and other members of their small group of sharpshooters and camera crew, is an ever present theme throughout a large portion of the last half of the book.  Peeta will pose the question, the story, or the memory and a member of the group will answer if what he remembers was the truth or a shining lie implanted by the Capitol's scientists.  There are times that he will be able to answer his own question, but like before, the question will always be answered, \\"real or not real?\\"    This same question, as Katniss asks herself as she is burning alive from the fireballs shooting every which way from the horrific scene around her, is the only time in this ever present mind game that has been posed by the author, to not be answered, ever.  What follows this question is a recount of events, not unlike her morphling induced dreams, or the nightmares in the Arena, that are similar to the truth, yet somehow either unbelievably real, or just the opposite, unbelievably unreal.    What follows the simple question posed by author to her readers, \\"real or not real?\\" is an amalgam of everything leading up to this point. Foreshadowed events, Haymitch, asking Katniss who the real enemy is, or President Snow reminding her to \\"aim high in case she falls short\\" (as she hits President Coin above him during his \\"execution\\") among others make up this fanciful ending.    I believe this story has two very distinct endings.  The first is the \\"told\\" ending or the happy ending, District 12 is repopulated, Peeta and Katniss start a family and live happily ever after.  The two antagonists, Snow and Coin are dead, everyone can rebuild or start anew.  Everything in this ending is nice and shiney.    The second ending, the one time when the question of \\"real or not real?\\" is never answered, occurs at the beginning of chapter 25.  Katniss is on fire, she is dying.  And in the final moments of her life she sees all the things that were supposed to be, revenge, justice, and renewal.  There wasn't justice though, there wasn't revenge, there wasn't renewal, there was only the Capitol, there will always be the Capitol in whatever name it may take, there will always be the warmongers the senseless brutalized death that some find entertaining or others merely a reason for retribution.    But this has been the story throughout the entire Hunger Game series, what was real, and what was not.
0143118420|5.0|What a brilliant memoir. Shattered by a crippling divorce and a very unhealthy rebound relationship, Liz Gilbert strikes out to find herself through a year divided between pleasure (Italy), prayer (India) and the balance between the two (Indonesia).<br /><br />Through her journey she eats a lot of pasta and ingrains herself with the wonderful decadence that is Rome, she spends four months at an Ashram in India communing with God and getting in touch with herself, and spends time with an ancient medicine man in Bali, learning his secrets about how to live life to the fullest.<br /><br />She meets the most wonderful characters, that jump off the page and come to life under her excellent narration. I especially loved Richard from Texas, a crass and down to earth man whom Liz meets in India. He is so fully in tune with himself and has accepted who he is so completely--I admire him so much. And he makes me laugh.<br /><br />Throughout the book I really felt like a part of her journey, and rejoiced with her at the end when everything came into balance for her. She finally was able to come to terms with herself and to let go of the worry and the pain that had consumed her. I admire that very much, and hope someday to begin my own spiritual journey to aspire to the same balance. This book does inspire you to reach beyond yourself in order to see the better, more complete you. I highly recommend this book to anyone who needs this inspiration, or to those who would just like to read an entertaining story full of colorful characters and beautiful backdrops. I think all could get something different out of this book and still be entirely satisfied.
B002GJT4YQ|5.0|Very good - added scenes added to continuity - should have been in original release.
030745455X|5.0|This is shaping up to be a fabulous trilogy. Lisbeth Salander, the series' heroine, is in trouble-a couple investigating and attempting to expose the Swedish sex trade is murdered, and Lisbeth's fingerprints are found on the murder weapon. Her friend Mikael Blomkvist believes in her innocence, but will his help be enough to help her before either the Police or the mysterious thugs also looking for her grab her first?<br /><br />Another fast paced thoroughly enjoyable mystery with a disarmingly likable main character. It is Lisbeth against the world, and I for one and rooting for her all the way. The cliffhanger ending left me dizzy with anticipation for the next part of the series, so my advice is don't finish this book until you have the next book ready to go!<br /><br />It is simply a shame that Larsson never got to realize the international success his books have become. It has been the most visible series of novels coming from Sweden since Pippi Longstocking, and the buzz it generates never seems to cease. And now with the movies, both the already made Swedish ones and the upcoming US version, Lisbeth has taken the world by storm. I look forward to the last book in the series with both eager anticipation and a growing sense of melancholy, because I know there will be no more to follow.<br /><br />Other Books to Consider: The Da Vinci Code by Dan Brown, The Raphael Affair by Iain Pears, Beautiful Lies by Lisa Unger
B002GJT4XW|5.0|Added scenes should have been in original release.  Really added to the film.  Awaiting future ultimate editions.
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|Mumford and Sons music has a crazy foot-stomping drive at places and a tender bluesy drive at others. The melodies can stick in your head. You'll want to sing along with a few of the songs - like drinking songs. These serious musicians put it all out there - but in the end they don't take themselves too seriously.      The really fun part of the album is the poetry in the lyrics. For example, \\"Winter winds that litter London with lonely hearts... \\" just so easily rolls off the tongue.  Mumford has their own take on the all-you-need-is-love theme: \\"In this body you will live, in this body you will die, where you invest your love, there you invest your life...\\"  ...and like good poetry, the lyrics touch different listeners in different ways upon different hearings. Even though there are allusions to Steinbeck stuff, Plato's Cave, the Bible, and maybe even Shakespeare works, the songs are accessable.    I must mention that Mumford, the lead singer, is the King of Hawr. Hope these boys keep up the good work.
B0020BUWX2|5.0|This book is about life and death. It's about family and love. I was instantly drawn in by the characters and I could see many of my own family and friends reflected. It's about choices and how love can influence all of the choices we make and will make in our lives.<br /><br />What a wonderful way to spend my Sunday!
0553103547|5.0|I've read a number of different fantasy series.  Many borrow heavily from each other and only insert a small degree of distinguishing characteristics in their narratives.  When a friend of mine urged me to read A Game of Thrones by Martin, I brushed him off at first.  After continued pestering, I relented and picked up a paperback copy.<br /><br />And I'm glad I did.  Martin is a master of narrative, character development and suspense.  Once you actually start to want to learn more about any character or event, he has you hooked.  His simple language and excellent pacing allow you to fly through books that are +600 pages long.  The only downside I can recognize is that there are a lot of names to keep track of.  This is largely remedied by Martin's excellent index of important families and their followers at the back of each book.  The detailed map also helps the reader keep track of the story's progression and the decisions of the protagonists.<br /><br />Forget the book is about fantasy.  If you want a deep, mature story with rich detail and intricate plot development, you owe it to yourself to give A Game of Thrones a try.  You won't be sorry.
B003V5PPZG|5.0|Linkin Park has really stepped up their game with this incredible album! I definitely recommend it!
B002JVWQT6|5.0|Those who were fans of The Office during it's quality seasons will love this show as well. Love-able characters, not over the top, witty, dry. Just an overall great comedy!
0553805371|4.0|This book is written in typical Hawking style. While it is quintiessential to conveying the physics of the universe origins it is totally readable even to readers with only a rudimentary physics background. I think it conveys some of the deeper insights necessary for an insightful understanding of the mechanics of our universe. A reader that finds difficulty in comprehending this book should probably forget about trying to delve into the physical sciences.
B00122Z9DS|2.0|I have been a devoted Rush fan since I first heard \\"2112\\" and \\"All the World's a Stage\\" on 8-Track in my brother's friend's car. I have seen Rush live six times, starting back in 1977 at the Township Auditorium in Columbia, SC. I've known nearly every note in every song for decades, but I have to agree with the other negative reviews here. This album has the feeling of a hurried, thrown-together effort, which goes exactly counter to what Rush fans are accustomed to. I'll also broach another sensitive subject for Rush fans; Neil's increasingly pretentious lyrics! The lyrics are becoming somewhat preachy and almost resentful and more and more difficult for Geddy and Alex to put to music. Enough with the \\"You're all fools!\\" type of elitism and get back to some basic poetry. Take a listen to 'Bravado' to see how simplicity can be so much more powerful than being bludgeoned to death with ham-fisted cliche's.     I also agree that the music here seems very disjointed. One of the things I've always loved about Rush is their ability to go seamlessly from one tempo and/or time signature to another but here it just sounds forced and tired. I hope that the boys from Canada can take some time off and develop a better album next time.
B001EN71CW|5.0|As a science fiction fan I can say I enjoyed this series \\"Firefly\\". I found the story line different from other sci-fic series. A touch of the old wild west meets modern technology five hundred years in the future with plenty of humor. The Serenity (a spaceship) and its crew traverse space making a living anyway they can while keeping clear of the ruling authorities. Pleasantly missing for a change are any fancy robots and aliens to detract from the story. Not to distract from the rest of the cast, who are all terrific, but Ron Glass from \\"Barney Miller\\" TV series has been missed. He is a great actor. Too bad the series ended after one season. Only thing I can add is after the series get the movie \\"Serenity\\" It answers some of the lingering questions.
B00132GBRA|5.0|Now, I'm no boot or footwear specialist, but these are some good boots. I went on a research expedition to Indonesia and these boots got me through a month of jungle conditions. The conditions were especially wet and muddy because there was an abnormal amount of rain while I was there, but these held up just fine. The boots have pretty good grip and I only rarely had problems with slipping. The Gore-tex on these things works great, too. I crossed plenty of rivers and streams with them, and I couldn't feel any water enter the boot until the water got over the very top of the ankle. Worked absolutely great. The bottoms of these boots sure took some abuse, too. On the island where I was at, there were protrusions of old dead coral reefs jutting out of the jungle floor. These were razor sharp, but these boots held up and didn't get shredded at all; these boots are extremely durable.    Through all of this, the boots were very comfortable. With thick wool socks, they were warm, but not hot, and even though I had little time to break them in before I really started trekking with them, I never got a single blister. Or at least, no blisters bad enough for me to remember. They also breathed quite well. The insides of the boot are padded well and quite comfortable.    I honestly can't think of a single con to list here, so these boots get 5 stars. Get 'em.
B001GZ6QEC|5.0|Heath Ledger created one of the most enduring movie villains with his take on the classic Batman villain 'The Joker' in 'The Dark Knight.' If you grew up thinking of the Joker from the campy '60's TV show as played by the late Caesar Romero, get that out of your mind. If you thought of the Joker from Jack Nicholson's solid performance from the '89 film, forget that one as well.  Ledger does more than both of the previous two actors did with the Joker by making him scary, funny, psychotic, weird, and strange, all at the same time! Ledger also makes Christian Bale give one of the best performances in his career, because Bale had to match Ledger's scary charismatic Joker whenever Ledger was on the screen or not; Bale went toe to toe with Ledger, and he did well. It's a shame that Bale has never been nominated for an Academy Award: that is a bit odd in itself.  The Blu ray version of this movie is miles ahead of the DVD version I bought when the movie came out on DVD, the audio is crisp, clean, and you don't hear any distortion. The picture quality, however, is worth the price of the Blu ray alone. Close the curtains in your home, turn on the HDTV, and experience an exquisite thrill ride with `The Dark Knight!'
B0040YFR1Y|5.0|This movie was great i really enjoyed it the blu-ray looks amazing they shot this movie digitally it looks great the audio is perfect i really like all the stuff that they have for special features and conrats to antal/rodriguez they really redeemed the predator franchise can't wait for the sequel and yes there will be one they both confirmed it.
B003Y8YXGM|5.0|My favorite of all John Lennon's solo albums.  The critics' favorites are his first solo \\"Plastic Ono Band\\" and second \\"Imagine.\\"  But on this album he is going back to the days when he wrote songs, you know, for everyone's enjoyment, and not to express his inner turmoil or songs he wanted to be anthems like \\"Power to the People\\" or \\"Give Peace a Chance.\\"    Take \\"Bless You,\\" or \\"Old Dirt Road,\\" for example.  Strong melodies, and John's voice has a plaintive sweetness to compliment the lyrics perfectly.   Love it.
0240808452|5.0|This is a truly amazing book. It's not really a \\"how-to\\" book in the classic meaning of it; you won't find any detailed instructions as per how to create characters or how to draw an anatomically correct form. This book, however, will help you in understanding how to SEE a certain form correctly, and what are the forces that are affecting a specific form, making it look as it looks. If you follow this book's concept, your drawing and line flow is sure to improve significantly, no doubt about that!     This book is a must for any aspiring artist who would like to become proffessional in illustration/animation/any other practice that requires light hand and flowing forms.
0525951652|5.0|For those of you checking the amazon reviews, DO NOT pay attention to the measly two stars rated for this book.  Most people are complaining about the price of this book for Kindle and are taking it out on their reviews, which have nothing to do with the book itself.    If you liked Pillars of the Earth and World Without End, this book is just for you.  I didn't know much about WWI, and I found this book informative, entertaining, and entirely gripping.  Even though it is almost 1,000 pages long, once I started it I couldn't put it down and I got through it very quickly.  I got caught up in the characters lives and all of the issues of WWI and that era.    Now I can't wait for the next two books in the Trilogy series and am sad that I have to wait two years for the next book.
0440111498|5.0|Ah, Cat's Cradle. A heartwarming tale of petty family rivalries, a calypso-based religion openly full of lies, an absurd arms race over ice, and the end of all life on the planet. Cat's Cradle is the book that really put Vonnegut on the map, and it's not hard to see why; even all these years later, it's a marvelous mix of storytelling and barbed satire, one all the more remarkable for how light the whole thing seems on a cursory reading. I don't think Cat's Cradle holds a candle to Vonnegut's later work - it's more conventional, in its own strange way, and more bound to a story than to Vonnegut's more rambling works, which is what I love most about him. What's more, Cat's Cradle is a little sprawling - it ends up handling so much that the points aren't as sharp as you might like. But those are faint complaints for a book that packs so much into so few pages, and the fact that it still can pack an unironic emotional wallop in moments (I'm thinking here particularly of the speech before the ceremony at the end) is just more testament to Vonnegut's amazing mind and writing. And as for people who say the book is nothing but hopelessness and bitterness - I don't see how you can read Cat's Cradle and not see that Vonnegut may be a cynic, but he's one who finds it all funny, not depressing, and his bemused laughter at all the insanity is what made him such a joy.
B000A7DVR2|5.0|First, an aside. I don't know why so many reviewer say there is no plot. There is a pretty obvious plot, a very convoluted one, having to do with the payoff for a kidnapping. There are also more than a few sub-plots. What IS true, is, as an earlier reviewer said, the plot is just a McGuffin -- it doesn't really matter what it is, just so long as it brings together the various characters so we can enjoy their interactions. (Maybe that's why it had to be so convoluted.)    But the one thing of importance I wanted to add is that the movie is glorious to look at. The cinematography is brilliant as is are conceptions behind it. As a small example, pay attention to the fades between scenes at the bowling ally near the end. And more obvious are the Dude's dreams, or hallucinations. Many reviewers concentrate on the left-brain humor, but the right-brain is also rewarded.
B003L77GG0|1.0|After not watching smallville for a while I decided it was time to start up again. Needless to say I was disappointed. Lois is some undercover superhero that goes from a chauffer to a stripper and amazingly (not!) she knew her way around a club she had NEVER been to, stole a costume, managed to find a wig and ta da she was seducing the bad guy. They made the Lois character with too big of a head, Clark is too much a wimp to amount to much. Smallville has gone way down with the addition of Lois and her character.     I am curious if this will survive after season 10....
B002OSY2T6|5.0|\\"Whee!! Hahaha!!!\\" to quote this happy snail. My five month old loves this toy. It never fails to bring a smile to his face. It rocks, giggles, sings, reflects, and lights up. He likes to gnaw on the little antennas (everything goes in his mouth) and to hit the bright red ladybug. Personally, I like to see it slide across the floor... My brain might be turning into mush, but it's fun with this snail! One thing: It's on the large side, which actually makes it easy for baby to manipulate.
B0030ZOYHC|5.0|Ok, well I don't see why everyone has to leave such a detailed review, haha.  So I'll put it out there plain and simple: If you love Evangelion, this movie is legit, and I've already seen the second one, and it just gets better.  If you're new to Evangelion, this movie might seem slow, but it's worth the build to the second one, which only God knows when the hell it'll come to SlowMerica.
1597801585|3.0|A highly entertaining book and if a sequel is planned I look forward to reading that. The novel sets up some very intriguing concepts, even if some of them are arguably a stretch. A good job is done of establishing setting and culture clashes. Even with the fantastic setting it's somewhat relatable to anyone to anyone who's lived in Asia. There's also a nice buildup of events that keeps the reader hooked.    That said there are issues. One of the more glaring ones is characterization. Anderson Lake starts out interesting and falls flat. There's no real development and no good explanation for some of the decisions he makes. Those motivations are touched on, but not in enough detail to make it convincing. Emiko is about as stereotypical as you can get. Beyond some internal struggles with her programming and her struggle to survive she comes off as a wet dream fantasy. The most egregious example of weak characterization, however, is Jaidee. He's like a comic book superhero. It's groan-inducing to see how hard the author tries to depict this man as noble and selfless. It's particularly hard to swallow given that the position the white shirts find themselves in should lead to constant abuse of power.     To that end, the white shirts seem to display their viciousness only when convenient. They fly into a violent rage when confronted with an angry man on rickshaw and are merciless in meting out justice to an elderly woman. But then when faced with a windup girl they don't know from anywhere, a direction violation of everything they represent, cool heads miraculously prevail and she is spared. Bribery is still effective and foreigners, another perceived threat, are not hassled. Despite their open outrage they're able to go about routine business.    Other issues stem from the subject matter overall. There are a number leaps of logic I find hard to accept. Why is there a need for megodonts and workers to generate electricity? There are factories building kink springs. Why are the not factories building batteries? Or wind turbines? Bangkok has sun in excess, why are there not solar panels on every rooftop? In a world with no fossil fuel, well excluding coal which seems to be rare, solar panels suddenly become a very cost effective prospect. People still manage to burn methane with relative impunity which is ironic given how potent a greenhouse gas it is. Also ironic is how the white shirts seem to deal with contraband: by setting fire to it.     There also seems to be this undercurrent of the evil Westerner(specifically American) pillaging foreign cultures. As if reality is ever so clear cut. There's no real mention of Japanese, Chinese or European involvement which is a bit odd. Perhaps the intent was to depict a straightforward and clear antagonist.    As I've mentioned, despite all the criticisms, I did enjoy the book.
0553805371|3.0|This book is essentially a review of cosmology technology progress over the last 300 years and the author's spin on what it all means.  There are other more satisfying books on the current state of knowledge, such as \\"The Elegant Universe\\", for example.  \\"Satisfying\\" for me is understanding more about the technical details and the logic thereof.  So if you want the high level perspective, this book will work for you.    As for Hawking he proclaims that \\"philosphy is dead.\\"  But it seems to me that statement should really be \\"old philosophy is dead\\". The new philosophy is that creating mathematical models and other constructs followed by experimentation will determine what really happened 13.7 billion years ago.  The current model of choice is \\"M Theory\\".      It seems to me that the very thing that Hawking mocks, that is lack of knowledge, is what still is present today.  Philosophical and scientific positions were based on what people had to work with.  We know more today than they did 300 or even 30 years ago, but we sure don't know everything.  We have a long, long way to go in that department.    So don't expect answers in this book.  What you will get is the authors' conjecture of what the universe is, a philosophy so to speak.
B002RV01QI|5.0|I absolutely adore this CD-Enya's music is so hypnotic and relaxing to me-I have most of her CDs already, but this is just a wonderful collection of her songs all on one CD-Highly recommend!
0061537969|5.0|A great book written from the perspective of mans best friend!  How can you go wrong!  I laughed and cried and thats all I ask for in a book.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|Wow, I just finished the trilogy and sure wish there was more!  From clever and imaginative futuristic technology to the well developed characters, I thoroughly enjoyed the series.  I actually feel like I've made friends I'm now told I can't see anymore, darn!
B001AUEMFS|4.0|The beat of this song was stuck in my head for weeks because I couldn't figure out who sang it or what the title of the song.  When I found out the title it was a must buy song.
B001SGEUNI|4.0|Incredible vocals, excellent guitar, finally a band worth listening to.  Reminds me of some of the heavy metal bands I listened to in the 80's.  Halestorm rocks!
0525951652|5.0|What a fabulous beginning to the Century Trilogy!  I admire Mr. Follett's skill at creating, shaping, and presenting such wonderful characters.  I didn't want to set this book down...it captured my attention from the first page.  Cannot wait until the next installment.  Way to go Mr. Follett...thank you for sharing your talents and giving me such enjoyment!
B003B02O14|2.0|Enjoyed this book when I read it a number of years ago.  It was so long ago that I had forgotten reading it.  Recently, I was looking for a John Grisham book to read and saw that this was published in 2010.  Fortunately, I read the Kindle sample first and realized I had already read it!  It is deceptive to not post the original publishing date (2005) in the Kindle list!  I looked at several other books that I knew were originally published years ago.  Sometimes it lists the accurate date, other times not.  This is a serious problem.  I need to be able to trust Kindle to be honest about publishing dates.
B0000DZ3IG|1.0|Saw the movie and the whole time I was watching it I was thinking, \\"what a great soundtrack.\\"  Must have been deluded, though.  The songs were great - the versions on the soundtrack were not. Got the cd home and was surprised and disappointed in almost song.  Shared it with two girlfriends on two separate occasions and they both said the same thing - pitch it.  First cd I have thrown out in years.
B0041VIJQG|2.0|I first listened to this album at my desk thru my computer speakers I found the sound quality dismal.  I could barely hear his voice.  So then I tried to listen to it again in my car and to me, it sounded like his vocals were recorded underwater.  When I changed my setting from dynamic to vocal, his voice was a bit clearer, but quality was still less than desirable.   The over all experience was frustrating.  Sadly, I am not impressed.
0525951652|2.0|After having read about 40% of it I decided that I had wasted too much of my time reading about how each of the historic events of World War I was narrated from the point of view of a character coincidentally engaged in a recent, current, or impending amorous activity which was revealed with more vivid detail than the ongoing historic development of the war. Had Follett left out the sex scenes the bulk of the book would have been much reduced in a way benefitting the story and its value as a piece of historic literature. A few interesting insights regarding the war are revealed, however, the bulk of the book is second rate romantic trash.
B00005K3NR|5.0|Take note this review isn't on the dvd (I don't own it), but the movie itself. Stephen Kings Carrie is one of my all time favorite movies. Its one of those types of movies you just don't see made anymore. A movie that makes you sad, think, and root for the outcast over everyone else.     Carrie is about a shy, teenage girl named Carrie White. She has this crazy, f***ed up, religious nut of a mother who abuses and mistreats her since she was a little girl and often locks her in the closet to make her prey. Not only does she have to deal with a lunatic mother, but a bunch of evil, stuck-up b****es at school who torment her whenever they get a chance. One day in the lockerroom at school Carrie begans bleeding from her female area. Because her mom never taught her about womanhood she becomes extremely scared (don't blame her. Hurts like crazyXD) and on top of that them evil sluts at school throw tampons at her, upsetting her even more. In her intense emotional stress Carrie begans to slowly discover she has special powers. She has Telekinesis, meaning she can move objects just by thinking about them. Yall know where this is going.     I hope this brief summary explains the plot enough for those of you who aren't familiar with the story. The last 1/4 of the movie is my favorite part. Let me just quate what a woman on 100 scariest movie moments said \\"them bitches had it comin\\"! I watched the movie way before ever reading the book. One thing I found kind of disappointing in the movie is that it ends differently from the book. I liked the book ending better than the movies ending. I admit though the movie ending is much scarier and made me cry till my eyes hurt, but I found the book ending more emotionally scarring and intense. Other than that its a really good adaption that I watch every chance I get. I want to eventually buy it on DVD. There are two sequals. The second one is about Carries sister. Its pretty good. The 3rd is basically a remake of the first. ITs not as good as the first, but follows the original ending of the book more. I might buy them off Amazon. Carrie is a must watch. I also recommend the novel as well.
B0034C9CFK|5.0|I'll admit straight away that I generally prefer Alan's early albums, but this is still a magnificent album well worthy of listening to if you`re a country music fan. We should also remember that among country music's so-called class of `89, Alan Jackson is the one who has shown the greatest staying power, even though the attention back then was focused more on Clint Black and Garth Brooks than on Alan. That said, the first two singles off this album (it's just that way, A hard hat and a hammer) failed to make the top ten in the American country charts, so maybe those country radio stations are losing interest in Alan`s music now.<br /><br />The opening track (A hard hat and a hammer) gets the album off to a good start, paying tribute to ordinary workers everywhere. It bounces along nicely, though Alan might have rocked a little harder on this song in his early days. Most of the album is fairly mellow, but among the other highlights are the duet with Lee Ann Womack on a cover of Vern Gosdin's classic country song, Till the end, and the outstanding True love is a golden ring.<br /><br />The title track is a curious oddity where Alan wishes he were a freight train that didn't have a heart. In this, he seems to have confused his locomotives slightly, as he sings about a diesel locomotive (maybe the one pictured on the album cover) but mentions things that are associated with a steam locomotive. A minor point, but it perhaps illustrates how far trains have slipped out of the everyday lives of most people, particularly in America.<br /><br />I'm very pleased to own it, especially at the bargain price I paid for it. I still think his debut album [[ASIN:B00005KAST Here in the Real World]] is his absolute best original album, but this one certainly has plenty to offer country music fans.
B0015519VS|5.0|Product came within days of ordering, was in great condition, and there were no problems with it.  I would buy from this seller again.
1593272782|5.0|Some of the most sought after LEGO sets from the past include the Technic supercars. Built to a larger scale than the usual LEGO sets, these models had many of the same functions of a real sports car, such as steering, suspension and transmissions. However, building a model of that complexity without having built one of the sets has been a major challenge. As a result, there are only a few fan supercars out there.<br /><br />The LEGO Technic Idea Book: Wheeled Wonders is a book that shows builders how to make such features in LEGO fashion. Using photos and some simple diagramming, the book shows in a very clear way how to make motorized models that can drive, steer, and do other things, thanks to some gearing. Different motors are used in the models, so adapting from one type to another is not difficult.<br /><br />What's amazing is that some of the models are wonderfully elegant. Using basic parts, a car can be built that hugs table edges. No computers needed! Another model uses a polarity switch for a car that reverses when it hits a wall. Ingenious solutions are throughout the book and provide inspiration for both the beginning builder and experienced Technic builder.<br /><br />This is the second of the LEGO Technic Idea book trilogy, so this is only about wheeled models. Butas the others, this is a good reference and inspiration for building things with movement. Highly recommended for any builder!
B002RAREAK|5.0|This product was in brand new condition, no problems with the CD, came on time.  Good product, good seller.
1593272774|5.0|If you are a LEGO builder like me, you have gotten pretty proficient at building what is called the System type of models. These are buildings and vehicles that are the scale of the minifigure and are the majority of the things that are built with LEGO elements.<br /><br />However, there are other scales and other parts that are not the typical brick and plate. Once called Expert Models, these became the Technic theme, which are models that have working features, like working steering and gear systems. These are sets that are more complex, and as a result, are tough to explore building possibilities. With The LEGO Technic Idea Book: Simple Machines, using Technic parts becomes a much easier exercise.<br /><br />As the first book in the LEGO Technic Idea book trilogy,Simple Machines explains the parts and their uses in a clear, easy-to-understand format. There are no words used in the diagrams: all ideas are explained with graphics and colorful photos of example models. This makes it really easy and fun to pick up on building. The simplicity of the photos and diagrams also allows the builder to adapt the model to his creations.<br /><br />For the beginning builder this is a great guide to learning how to make working models. For the experienced builder, this is a good reference on building techniques. This book would also be useful for FIRST LEGO teams, as it explains how to use gears, which is useful for MINDSTORMS robot builders.
B000JIHP88|4.0|My three month old loves this mobile! There are two volumes but neither are very loud, which is not necessarily a bad thing.  It was easy to assemble and the remote feature is awesome!
1593272790|5.0|I had gotten this book a year ago from a Japanese publisher and am happy to see it translated.<br /><br />Funny thing is, this book didn't need much translating at all. Besides the introduction and bylines, everything else is visual. And that's the magic of this book. This is the last of the trilogy of LEGO Technic Idea books, so while it brushes on the techniques of the previous two books, it quickly goes into building working machines.<br /><br />The models shown have been built with colorful parts which show how the assembly is done without instructions, so this is a guidebook and reference for old and new builders to make their models move. The overall design of the magazine is clean, only showing the models. No notes are shown, nor are they needed - there are a set of graphics that are diagrams of the movement of a model, but the photos are clear enough on their own without any further description.<br /><br />The very raw builds also open up the reader to use and adapt the models inside to their creations - want to make a moving spider? Look it up in the contents, and build and then add your building to it. In that respect, the book lives up to its title as an idea book.<br /><br />Looking through the book will be instructional to the older builder and inspirational to the newer builders. As a reference, this will be a useful book to people using the LEGO MINDSTORMS systems to develop robots.<br /><br />I recommend the book to anyone who has a pile of Technic pieces and is wondering: What can I build? With this book, you'll be very surprised.
B001AGXEAG|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies!!! I'm so excited to have it on DVD. I bought 2 since it was such a great deal!! It arrived quickly! Great job, amazon!!!
B002GZQY6Q|5.0|Another flawless Porcupine Tree album. Steven Wilson remains ahead of the curve as far as pop/rock/progressive music is concerned. To me, that is the main reason there are SW junkies out there. Not having the burning desire to be heard on mainstream radio is a huge plus for PT, they are able to create for all intents a 55 minute continuous song masterpiece like The Incident. That being said, the songs can still be listened to as stand-alones and they remain dynamic. Easily the most underrated band in music today.
B003EYVXSW|5.0|Nice Segway, I can hardly wait for \\"SPLICE II\\", this was a natural lead-in, but keep it a 'GOOD' female creature (leave the slasher-stuff to others)...the pregnant star hinted at 'WHAT-IF'!
B003ZJJFKE|5.0|Once again, Satch blows me away. As a fan, my listening pleasure dates back to his first release, Not Of This Earth. To me, his sound has grown tenfold since his days of blowing your mind simply by his shredding. Maybe it's because I'm just a music listener as opposed to a \\"real\\" musician, but stating that he's not progressed at all the last decade is laughable. Black Swans starts out blazing with Premonition, an outstanding opener. A Hendrix-like Dream Song follows...Light Years Away rocks...The Golden Room has a flavor similar to Oriental Melody from Strange Beautiful Music, Wind In The Trees is a smooth, bluesy/jazzy treat, Wormhole Wizards is amazing...and God Is Crying has a title that lends one to assume it's a mellow, tearful tune...NOT EVEN CLOSE...so many sounds on this album...blues, rock, jazz, eastern melodies...it changes throughout, even within. For those of you complaining that Joe has been stagnant for the last so many years start lining up, I hear he's working on a stellar flute concerto next.
B002UZCJ8Y|5.0|As a Roboticist, it was mostly enjoyable. The Movie also has great potential to make many turns....still.
B002Z7FWBI|5.0|The Dirty Harry Collection has the entire film series, Dirty Harry, Magnum Force, The Enforcer, Sudden Impact and The Dead Pool.     This collection also has a full DVD of a retrospective of the Dirty Harry films and background on Clint Eastwood's career.    For Clint Eastwood fans and the character of \\"Harry Callahan\\", this is an excellent DVD collection to have and has a great price.     Jon Green
B003R0LBVW|1.0|An interesting start but that's it.  Who acts like these people? Who treats their family like these people?  By the end you can not stand anyone in the book.  I don't even think this book makes any sense.
B002VECM6S|3.0|Have been in contact with seller and have no negative comments as I feel she has been fair to work with.
006145205X|4.0|In recent years, conservatives have been pessimistic about safety and moral values whereas liberals were pessimistic about climate change and transgenic food. But it wasn't fashionable enough to look at the future optimistically.  This book has the great merit of proposing a pretty unique and marginal idea: an optimistic outlook to the future.<br /><br />Ridley claims that our planet and our species survived numerous disasters similar to the ones we apprehend today.  I was skeptical of his gung-ho talk in the first few chapters, but one can't help but listen to his well-researched and factual arguments.<br /><br />Most books on this [very sensitive] subject matter inevitably fall in emotional manipulation. This is not Ridley's case: I felt that my intelligence was respected by this author. But I primarily recommend this book for bringing up an interesting antithesis to the discussion in a world where the mainstream thesis, pessimism, dominates with moral censorship.
0307266303|5.0|I couldn't put it down. If you have any interest at all in running and enjoy a good yarn, then this is the book for you. The narrative is a rollick, the technical asides about running are informative and the characters are unforgetable. This story reads like fiction for more reasons then one. First, its  full of memorable characters, Second, the tale is compelling. Third, the feats of endurance recored in the book border on the fantastical. The day after I read the book I hiked a nearby mountain. At the top I met a group of triathletes in training. We started talking about the book. The thing we had in common is that none of us could put it down until we finished.
B002SJIO4A|5.0|A science fiction collectible DVD. The quality of the merchandise and the transaction was good. The DVD arrived quickly.
6074570027|5.0|Me gusto mucho este libro! todos los ninos deberian leer este libro.  fantastico y marvilloso!  &lt;3
B001TW69J4|5.0|I haven't heard a metal band that could hold my interest for more than 30 seconds in 20 yrs until now. No unintelegable barking scarecrow with a mic (and some marbles) in his mouth to befoul the music, just music. And, just when the banging might be getting to be too much it changes gears into jazz'ish or classical'ish interludes that are pretty seamless. The guitar work is outstanding, at times reminding me of Greg Howe, but for the most part very much an individual style. I have to give cudos to the drummer also, and even though on a couple of pieces it sounds like you're trying to listen to a cd with a helicopter hovering over your house, it works, and some of his timing changes are sublime. This is music worth owning.<br /><br />As an amendment, I was reading recently on Pandora that all the guitars and bass are done by Tosin and all the drumming and other add ins are programmed. If that's truly the case, the programmer deserves kudos (and a grammy for sound), I would never think those weren't real drums, hope a live one does it justice.
B003ITZBW2|5.0|This was a great video  story of the death of his second partner and  how he came back, and what it made interested was the appearance of Batman first partner that was really nice
B0006OBPTA|2.0|We received it in good timing. 3 of them work perfectly fine except the the karate kid 3 is missing. There was supposed to be 2 movies in 1 and there was just 1 movie to see.
142314189X|5.0|I first heard of Percy Jackson when they were making a movie of the first book, and knowing how movies can ruin books, I decided I would read it first. I was not disappointed. I've always loved Greek Mythology, ever since I was a young lad and this book is chock full of it. Most of it is accurately depicted within its own fictional setting. It's a wonderful adventure book, and while there aren't any major plot twists or unpredictable endings the journey is what makes the book so enthralling. I mean you don't watch The Mighty Ducks to see if they win or not right? It's all about how they get there.<br /><br />While the book is \\"aimed\\" at children 8-10 I think it's a good read for anyone who enjoys mythology and enjoys an adventure. Personally I like it better than Harry Potter, and I'm a little disappointed the movie for the first book was so terrible. I could've done a better job cutting parts for the movie while remaining true to the book.<br /><br />If you're deciding whether to pick this up or not, do it. I got to the third book and couldn't stop reading. I finished books 4 and 5 within 48 hours.
0765316978|3.0|After reading the first 2 novels, I was a bit disappointed in the conclusion to John Scalzi's trilogy. He brings together John Perry, Jane, and their daughter Zoe - but it doesn't really add any depth to their characters. The story itself was OK, but it didn't seem to build off of the previous 2 novels. It feels like the characterization was left behind in this story, and it didn't really feel like the personality of John Perry and Jane were captured. I'll definitely read the 4th novel (Zoe's Tale), and am hoping for some of the magic from before.
B00004SZWB|5.0|'Hotter Than July'...The 1980 album by Stevie Wonder,was a shockingly swift release.Released less than a year after his 1979 double soundtrack album,'Stevie Wonder's Journey Through The Secret Life Of Plants'a souvenir to a movie film that most audiences never had a chance to see,was panned,criticized and scorned by Motown and Wonder's fan base.When Wonder turned in the 'Secret Life Of Plants'tapes to Motown,they said to Wonder,'What the hell is going on here?'The music from the 'Plants' album confused and alienated Wonder's audiences.Stevie's response was the most becoming gesture of a consumate musical genius:he cut years off of his habitually lengthy gestation period of years in between albums and unleashed the powerful 1980 album,'Hotter Than July'/Wonder invites special musical guests greats such as the beautiful Angela Winbush,Betty Wright,The O'Jays,Michael Jackson and a few members of the Gap Band appear as background vocalists on the album.<br /><br />'Did I Hear You Say You Love Me'the album's opening cut is a funk r&b rock workout.It is the only funk track in Wonder's career that starts quietly,then explodes into a funk explosion with Wonder's high energy vocals.The track's title questions a lady in the song who may have love for a man she wants to be with.The track has lyrics detailing physical desire:'I've been standing on the outside/Trying to get on the inside'...The track is a non stop funkfest with strong backing'I Love You' vocals.<br /><br />'All I Do' a track whose origins date back to 1966 was co-written by Stevie with Clarence Paul(Wonder's mentor of the 1960s)and Morris Broadnax.Stevie Wonder was a 15 or 16 year old teen in 1966 when this track was written.The very beautiful Tammi Terrell sang on the original 1966 session version of the track with her beautiful warm vocals.One can only imagine the beauty of Tammi and Stevie working together in the Detroit Motown Hitsville Studios during the era of the mid sixties.Tammi's original version of 'All I Do'(Is Think About You)is included in the 2002 double CD compilation,'A Cellarful Of Motown!'(A collection of rare unreleased Motown tracks recorded by Motown artists of the 1960s.)The song is also on Tammi's recently released double CD of solo material.Wonder recorded an updated lovefunk version of 'All I Do'14 years later on his 1980 album 'Hotter Than July'/Stevie glossed the track over with his usual great musicianship and classic vocals with raved up passionate adult intimacy about a sensual lady of his dreams.For good measure,I recorded Tammi's original 1966 version alongside Wonder's 1980 remake of the song on a cassette tape from the eras that they were recorded in:The 1960s&1980s.<br />A beauty of a song with lyrics detailing desire and love from the heart:'You've made my soul a burning fire/you're getting to be my one desire/you're getting to be all that matters to me/and let me tell you girl/I hope and pray each day I live/a little more love I'll have to give/a little more love that's devoted and true/'cause all I do is think about you...<br /><br />'Rocket Love'is a soulful beautiful out of space ballad about betrayal from a woman.The song's lyrics details the fraud of love:'The passion burning in your heart/would make hell's fire seem like a spark,where did it go?/just why that you would overnight/turn love to stone as cold as ice,I'll never know/but you took me riding in your rocket gave me a star/but at a half a mile from heaven you dropped me down to this cold,cold world.Stevie's summary of love is that it can be a heart of gold,but it can also be very cold to the heart as well.'I Ain't Gonna Stand For It'(along with previous Wonder classics such as 'Happier Than The Morning Sun'/'Big Brother'/'Too Shy To Say' and 'Game Called Love' which was written for The Originals in 1974,have shades of c&w elements)finds Wonder traveling musically into country&western territory.Unlike the previous songs that were listed,'I Ain't Gonna Stand For It'is the first song of the bunch that Wonder fine tunes and transforms his classic vocals into the 'twang drawl' of country&western.The song centers around a funny 'hillbilly affair'about another man rubbin' on his woman(his good luck charm.)(This track brings back memories of my dad.My dad used to love to sing that line in the song:oh,oh,oh,oh,my,my,my,my,my,my...)<br /><br />'As If You Read My Mind'is one of my favorite tracks on this album.It is this album's hidden gem.The song's message is simple in being highly in love and a toast to love's simple pleasures.Wonder's ex,the beautiful Syreeta Wright provided sweet backing vocals.Stevie's piano playing is upfront in this mid tempo fast paced track and Wonder's classic harmonica solo.<br /><br />'Master Blaster(Jammin')'the album's lead off single was Wonder's funk political reggae tribute to the legendary Bob Marley.The track's Black Political Message was the theme of the times in the early dawn of the new decade of the 1980s as Zimbabwe won it's independence.The former British colony of Southern Rhodesia then flashed into the independence of Zimbabwe in the spring of 1980 when Zimbabwe(under the rule of Robert Mugabe)won it's war of liberation against the British.Wonder was highly aware of Zimbabwe's winning it's independence.In a key verse of 'Master Blaster(Jammin')'Wonder addresses Zimbabwe's freedom for justice:'Peace has come to Zimbabwe/Third World's right on the one/Now's the time for celebration/Cause we've only just begun/You ask me am I happy,well as a matter of fact/I can say that I'm ecstatic/Cause we all just made a pact/We've agreed to get together/Joined as children in Jah/When you're moving in the positive/Your destination is the brightest star/Didn't you know that you/Would be jammin'until the break of dawn/We're in the middle of the makin's of the master blaster jammin'<br /><br />'Do Like You'is Wonder's funky dedication to his young son,Keita and the track is a nod to 'Isn't She Lovely' which was dedicated to his daughter Aisha(from the classic 1976 double album 'Songs In The Key Of Life')/The track opens with Keita's baby talk as his dad sings about his baby son entering a dance contest at school.The cut ends playfully with Aisha excitedly exclaims to her baby brother Keita,'Oooh you done broke momma's lamp!'with Keita responding back excitingly:'No I didn't!'<br /><br />'Cash In Your Face'is the second song in Stevie Wonder's career where he addresses the master-slave relationship.Wonder first addressed this issue in 1971 from the classic album 'Where I'm Coming From'with the track 'I Wanna Talk To You'...'Cash In Your Face'is a racial rave up that details housing discrimination about a Blackman tryin' to achieve the american dream.No matter how much a Blackman achieves in his life,doors are still being slammed in his face.No where is this more evident in this angry cut as Wonder delivers this powerful piece of musical sound bite to the amerikkkan social order of society:'Well I thought the bill was passed that said you could not discriminate/but I know some excuse you'll find/I know your bottomline is:say you might have the cash/but you cannot cash in your face/we don't want your kind living in here...(While 'Happy Birthday' is Stevie's tribute to MLK,'Cash In Your Face'is indirectly tributed to MALCOLM X,the Black Nationalist Leader of the 1960s who preached that most of white amerikkka was against intergration.Wonder's 'Cash In Your Face' is a truth telling example detailing racism and discrimination.)'Lately'is a soulful but painful sad eyed tearful ballad about the premonition of love ending in heartbreak.Stevie is the lone musician on this track,playing just the piano and bass synthesizer.<br /><br />'Happy Birthday'is Wonder's tribute to Martin Luther King,Jr.A beautiful message song with Wonder on the drums,arp,bass melodian,synthesizers,keyboards.The track details Wonder's own vision dream of Dr.King's birthday becoming a national holiday a reality.Thruthe power of Stevie's music and political activism from 1979-1981,Wonder's dream along with Dr.King's own dream for racial balance,a holiday was finally realized.The crystal glowing track backed with radiant background vocalists ending the album in upbeat mellow joy to the heart.<br /><br />My only gripe about this CD reissue of this classic legendary 1980 album is that Stevie and Motown omitted extensive musical treasures from this 2000 CD reissue.Inside the original album/lp release,there are additional lyrics for three songs with longer versions:'Did I Hear You Say You Love Me'(of which wonder released in 1984 as the b-side to the 12 inch single of 'Don't Drive Drunk'of which I own.'Did I Hear You Say You Love Me'is 8:40 long compared to the over 4 minute album version.'I Ain't Gonna Stand For It'also has additional lyrics and is a longer version than that of the album version.'As If You Read My Mind'also has additional lyrics and a longer version than the album cut.'Master Blaster(Jammin')'and 'Happy Birthday'are slightly longer 12 inch versions that were finally released 25 years later on Wonder's 2005 CD single 'Positivity'(from 'A Time 2 Love')/The question is why weren't these 12 inch versions of these songs included on the 'Hotter Than July'2000 CD reissue? By having these 12 inch remixes of the 5 songs mentioned would've certainly enhanced this 2000 CD reissue of the classic 1980 album 'Hotter Than July'/(Some Wonder fans have never heard the longer version of 'Did I Hear You Say You Love Me')It's going on 30 years and I've yet to hear the longer versions of 'I Ain't Gonna Stand For It'and 'As If You Read My Mind'ed to his daughter Aisha(from the classic 1976 double album 'Songs In The Key Of Life')/The track opens with Keita's baby talk as his dad sings about his baby son entering a dance contest at school.The cut ends playfully with Aisha excitedly exclaims to her baby brother Keita,'Oooh you done broke momma's lamp!'with Keita responding back excitingly:'No I didn't!'<br /><br />'Cash In Your Face'is the second song in Stevie Wonder's career where he addresses the master-slave relationship.Wonder first addressed this issue in 1971 from the classic album 'Where I'm Coming From'with the track 'I Wanna Talk To You'...'Cash In Your Face'is a racial rave up that details housing discrimination about a Blackman tryin' to achieve the american dream.No matter how much a Blackman achieves in his life,doors are still being slammed in his face.No where is this more evident in this angry cut as Wonder delivers this powerful piece of musical sound bite to the amerikkkan social order of society:'Well I thought the bill was passed that said you could not discriminate/but I know some excuse you'll find/I know your bottomline is:say you might have the cash/but you cannot cash in your face/we don't want your kind living in here...(While 'Happy Birthday' is Stevie's tribute to MLK,'Cash In Your Face'is indirectly tributed to MALCOLM X,the Black Nationalist Leader of the 1960s who preached that most of white amerikkka was against intergration.Wonder's 'Cash In Your Face' is a truth telling example detailing racism and discrimination.)'Lately'is a soulful but painful sad eyed tearful ballad about the premonition of love ending in heartbreak.Stevie is the lone musician on this track,playing just the piano and bass synthesizer.<br /><br />'Happy Birthday'is Wonder's tribute to Martin Luther King,Jr.A beautiful message song with Wonder on the drums,arp,bass melodian,synthesizers,keyboards.The track details Wonder's own vision dream of Dr.King's birthday becoming a national holiday a reality.Thruthe power of Stevie's music and political activism from 1979-1981,Wonder's dream along with Dr.King's own dream for racial balance,a holiday was finally realized.The crystal glowing track backed with radiant background vocalists ending the album in upbeat mellow joy to the heart.<br /><br />My only gripe about this CD reissue of this classic legendary 1980 album is that Stevie and Motown omitted extensive musical treasures from this 2000 CD reissue.Inside the original album/lp release,there are additional lyrics for three songs with longer versions:'Did I Hear You Say You Love Me'(of which wonder released in 1984 as the b-side to the 12 inch single of 'Don't Drive Drunk'of which I own.'Did I Hear You Say You Love Me'is 8:40 long compared to the over 4 minute album version.'I Ain't Gonna Stand For It'also has additional lyrics and is a longer version than that of the album version.'As If You Read My Mind'also has additional lyrics and a longer version than the album cut.'Master Blaster(Jammin')'and 'Happy Birthday'are slightly longer 12 inch versions that were finally released 25 years later on Wonder's 2005 CD single 'Positivity'(from 'A Time 2 Love')/The question is why weren't these 12 inch versions of these songs included on the 'Hotter Than July'2000 CD reissue? By having these 12 inch remixes of the 5 songs mentioned would've certainly enhanced this 2000 CD reissue of the classic 1980 album 'Hotter Than July'/(Some Wonder fans have never heard the longer version of 'Did I Hear You Say You Love Me')It's going on 30 years and I've yet to hear the longer versions of 'I Ain't Gonna Stand For It'and 'As If You Read My Mind'
B003TJ4YU6|4.0|I got this as a gift for my younger sister.  She was a Beatles fan before I even heard of them.  We watched it at her house with her grand kids and loved every minute as the memories of our youth came rushing back.  I cannot hear \\"I Wanna Hold Your Hand\\" or \\"Please, Please Me\\" without flashing back to the late 60's and early 70's.  As Yogi said, \\"It was deja vu all over again.\\"  It was one of the best gifts ever.  Oh, and the packaging was fine also.
0061433055|5.0|I felt like this book in the Tiffany Aching series went faster than the others. While the first is still probably my favorite because of all the Granny Aching lessons and wisdom, this is the natural progression. Tiffany is now back in the Chalk in her own steading and is certainly growing up. I began to notice that Terry Pratchett is writing as a woman instead of a child, and I think in general, I may have a problem with it, but in the Discworld, witches are so different from regular women that the writing really works. Witches are so practical in the Discworld that we are finally beginning to see that Tiffany was not just a gifted child, but instead she and the other witches are just humans wired differently.   I did not feel this story had the suspense that the others had, but the magic, the myth, the progression are all perfect. Her relationships with humans take the wheel rather than her relationship with the magic, which makes the story a little more painful at times. Painful in a good way, of course, but really aren't human relationships more painful anyway? The bad guy is truly the personification of human evil. The ending is superb and I pray there are more on the way.
B001CBWPSQ|5.0|It's so amazing, so epic...all the best from metal and AOR is in this Album. The best from the 2000's. The riffs are fantastic especially on \\"open your eyes\\".    Thank you mister Catley : amazing work !
B00008AOS5|5.0|All of Hannibal Lector's movies are excellent, but there is something even better about \\"Red Dragon\\".  A very attractive cast, thats it!  Let me be succinct, this is a movie that makes putting off a visit to the restroom possible.  Ed Norton is outstanding as is the rest of the cast.  Well worth addition to your video library.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|AMAZING! Amazing deal.  I've been looking forward for MTV to release this since Daria went off the air.  You'll LOVE it if you're a fan :)
B0015DROBO|4.0|I really liked this book!  It was difficult at first with the foreign names and business information.  I'm sure those reading in Mr. Larsson's native tongue would have no trouble at all but it took me a bit to get into it.  Once I got through the first few chapters I was hooked and couldn't put the book down!  As someone mentioned, I did have the major part of the \\"mystery\\" figured out early on but there was so much involved in the whole sordid affair that I didn't have it \\"all\\" figured out by any means!  I am looking forward to reading the rest of the trilogy.
0553062182|5.0|my doctor recommended this book for me years ago & i finally got around to reading it. so glad for this super helpful book and for a doctor who understands me better than i understood myself. the wisdom and information in this book are making a huge difference in my day to day experience, and my self-esteem. thanks, dr. aron, & dr. morris!!
B003R4ZMNQ|5.0|To start off, Hawaii 5-0 has a stellar cast:  Alex O'Loughlin, who is perfect as Steve McGarrett,  Scott Caan is great as Danno, Daniel Dae Kim is wonderful as Chin Ho and Grace Park is excellent as Kono.<br /><br />I was so excited about this show when I first heard about it, and it exceeded my expectations.  What more could you want?  It has the perfect blend of drama and humor, a brilliant cast who are not only talented but just as enjoyable to look at as the beautiful Hawaiian setting they are in - and the writing is smart, fun and witty.<br /><br />I love the way CBS has been advertising the show as a \\"reboot\\", not a \\"remake\\", as so many people had been calling it.  The whole story is new, the characters are new, and the writers are quickly letting you see the lives of the characters.  You not only have an exciting case filled with lots of excitement and drama each week, but you are drawn into what is going on in the lives of the four characters and it leaves you wanting to know more about them and where they came from.<br />Hawaii 5-0 is sleek, sexy and exciting, and it is no wonder that it is the highest rated new drama on TV.  I don't think it will take long before it is the highest rated drama on TV period.<br /><br />Congratulations to Alex O'Loughlin for finally getting the success and recognition he deserves so much with this new show.  I will be tuning in to watch each week - and then watching again after I have recorded it.  Now I can't wait for the DVD to come out for the first season, and I hope it has lots of extras.  Hawaii 5-0 is going to be on for many years to come, and I will be buying each new DVD as they come out.
0385504225|5.0|Very happy with the service I received. The book arrived quickly and in great shape.
0756405890|2.0|I had high expectations for this book, given its many good reviews here. But what a disappointment it turned out to be! The book starts out with a character named Kote, who spends a lot of time reflecting how bored he is, how his inn doesn't have many customers, and how depressed he feels, meanwhile displaying a singular lack of personality. AND THIS GOES ON FOR 40 PAGES. There isn't a speck of originality, menace, humor or enchantment for 40 FREAKING PAGES.    That's all you need to know. The way I look at it, if a book doesn't grab me 40 pages in, it's a dud, as far as I'm concerned.
B002JVWR9U|5.0|I am way past the target audience age for this series - I am 57 years old.  But vampires have held an attraction for me all my life.  I watched \\"Dark Shadows\\" when I got home from high school in the late 60's - early 70's.  Read \\"Interview with a Vampire\\" by Anne Rice when it was published in 1976.  Saw Frank Langella as \\"Dracula\\" on Broadway in 1977 (majorly SEXY - the movie cannot compare).  So when Twilight came out, I let my daughter drag me to it, and was immediately taken in - very impressed with the first film in the series (went straight home and read all 4 books).  BUT \\"The Vampire Diaries\\" is my all time favorite vamp entertainment.  Why?  One of the best ensemble acting shows on television - I'd easily compare it to the original Star Trek series.  But really - WHY?  Two words - Ian Somerhalder.  In the hands of a lesser actor, Damon could be a total cliche.  Ian makes Damon the bad boy you love to hate - and love!  The very essence of the outcast vampire.  He is clearly having a ball with this role - and I hope he gets to play Damon for a very long time.  The rest of the cast are also exceptional young actors and this is the ONLY show on television that I actually look forward to every week.
0802473156|5.0|Recommended by a friend and the books seems to be good.  Only half way through it.  But the advice is sound, its doing it that counts.
B001IAOEXU|5.0|Great trigger adapters. Simple snap on installation and provided a \\"no-slip\\", beefier feel to the triggers. Would recommend to any \\"shooter\\".
B0040YFR1Y|1.0|Horrible movie. Worst casting ever in the history of ever. No matter how much Hollywood wants me to believe that Adrian Brody is a leading man / action star, I just cannot willfully suspend my disbelief. He is to action star as Arnold was to comedic actor. All around bad acting with weak plot and despite the couple of recognizable faces (L. Fishburne, D. Trejo), this movie is an affront to good entertainment.
B000W93CXQ|5.0|I read this book in about 5 hours. It is amazing. I cried and I laughed and I literally could not put it down. I recomend this book to anyone.
B0015DROBO|1.0|These books by Stieg Larson are terribly over-rated.  His writing style is awful and hard to keep up with, not to mention the reader can not even pronounce all the 'foreign' names.  As a result the reader doesn't absorb the story.  I hated this book and did not read past the 2nd chapter.
159562015X|2.0|The book was very short and only mildly informative.  The reason I bought it was to take the online test and discover my strengths.  But I didnt realize you could only take that test once.  I sort of zoomed through it in my excitement and didnt answer the questions as best I could have...and was therefore slightly disappointed with my results.  They seemed accurate enough, but I now have the nagging doubt that they could have been even more so had I been more specific in my responses.  Its annoying that you have to buy a book in order to get the code to take the test, especially because I wanted my family to take the test too, and now they'd have to buy more copies of the book to do so--and that just is not worth it.
B0023RSZZU|1.0|Forcing myself to finish this book for my book club, I am curious about our upcoming discussion since I've heard many positive comments.  As a school librarian, I immediately decided it was not written was in a style I enjoyed, but wrote that off to the author's desire to pull in YA readers.  Then I began to be aware that there might be parents who would not appreciate some of the off-color language presented to their children.  Whereas I normally enjoy the use of figures of speech, it became annoying how frequently the author used metaphors and similes with regard to death -- they were used ad infinitum.  Knowledge of history was an important ingredient in understanding the content.  I question that this book should have been published for the YA level.  It hovered between youth and adult fiction too frequently to be enjoyed by this reader.  I called my friend who purchased the book for her granddaughter to say that she might want to read it before giving it as a gift.
0152067043|5.0|Hands down this is a fantastic book for kids!  We bought it after seeing the adapted play that has now been made from the book and thrilled by 2 year old son.  It is so awesome and I highly recommend it!
0375842381|5.0|If you like fantasy then these stories are just the thing for you. Great writing and a story that keeps you turning the page. The spiritual twist is fascinating. Our young people may save our world and in this story the young girls is a powerful figure of just how brave we can be and do the right thing.
B003PIUBZS|5.0|If you are expecting this Starz original series to be similar to the<br />1960 Academy Award-winning version with Kirk Douglas and Tony Curtis<br />then you've got another thing coming! (-: That was general audiences<br />material there!---Made in more gentile and conservative times.<br />This version is probably closer to actually how things might have been<br />back in ancient times....brutal savage fight scenes with lots of<br />blood and gore, the wildness, heathen decadence, and bloodlust of the ancient<br />Roman fans gathered at the colosseum to witness the battle of the fittest and<br />the drama of life & death played out right in front of their eyes!<br />If that wasn't enough, then what goes on behind the scenes in the household of<br />the very pragmatic and manipulative \\"domino\\" and \\"domina\\", who rule over a large<br />menagerie of slaves of all types, but mainly those trained as gladiators for profit<br />is something to rival the most tawdry of modern antics!<br />There's plenty of drama, lies, backstabbing, lustfulness, full-on nudity<br />and sexuality which spans the whole spectrum of human interaction!<br />Oh yeah, and more blood, guts and gore added in to round it out! (-:<br /><br />But beneath all of this sensuality and sensationalism is a very well-filmed,<br />well-acted, well-written, well-produced, well-casted, and well-marketed<br />original series for the Starz network which rivals anything you might see<br />on HBO or Showtime.  I repeat, this isn't for everyone...<br />so if you have objections to anything I named above, then you probably<br />won't like this series. After screening this, THE COMPLETE FIRST SEASON,<br />over the past weekend, I must say that I enjoyed it immensely, even though<br />I don't subscribe to STARZ.<br />If it reminds you a bit stylistically of the blockbuster film \\"300\\",<br />then it's because their producers are one in the same.<br />It's too bad that the star of the show who plays Spartacus,<br />british actor Andy Whitfield, a beautiful male specimen among many in<br />the series, fell victim to non-hodgkins lymphoma while on hiatus after<br />the first season was completed.  He was treated with a series of chemo and<br />radiation over a few months and was cleared to return to work for season two,<br />but sadly the cancer has returned and he is unable to resume the role<br />as of the present time. Now the powers that be at Starz are trying to<br />figure out what their next move will be. I hope Mr. Whitfield will make a full<br />recovery and this series can at least go for another two seasons before<br />closing itself out. I mean, we all know the story of Spartacus and how it ends.<br />But I'd love to see how this crew would play it all out.<br /><br />**In Memoriam**  I was so sad to hear that Andy Whitfield, the original Spartacus in this series,<br />passed away last week after battling Non-Hodgkins lymphoma for 18 months. He was just beginning to be known<br />as an actor when Spartacus came along and catapulted his career...then the cancer reared it's ugly head.<br />He was only 39 yrs old...so sad and such a waste, but who are we to question the divine order of the universe?<br />R.I.P. To the late Andy Whitfield (1972-2011)
B0000009RX|1.0|This is unlistenable. I could only get half way through before giving up. Too clever for me.
B002VPE1WK|5.0|This backpack its wonderful, excelent construction, big inside but compact and light. Perfect for traveling a easy to save 3 lens, 2 camera bodies, one flash, and all accesories that imaging, bateries, memories...
B003O86FMW|5.0|I was blown away by the Hunger Games and thought it couldn't get any better.  But, I tore through Catching Fire and was captivated until the end.  I am immediately going to go pick up Mockingjay and I hope it doesn't disappoint.  This is a FANTASTIC series!
B0036EH3WK|5.0|If you like Lost, this is the collection you must have. It was a good surprise to find out that not only Spanish and French subtitles were included, but also English and many others including Portuguese.
B003ZK58WM|1.0|What a scam!  Get us to buy the Kindle and then jack up the prices of the books. It's like the airlines who keep requiring more and more frequent flier miles to get a free ticket. We are at the mercy of Kindle and Amazon's greed. I will switch to another reader--or go back to old fashioned books (but not from Amazon) before I'll pay $20 for an e-book.  This is EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTING.
B003PIUBZS|2.0|Although, the actors are tremendously talented, it's simply not my cup of tea.  I'd rather watch reruns of Sanford and Son.        I'm not quite sure why I even bothered.  I \\"donated\\" the DVD to my co-worker.  He was quite pleased.
B002N5N5QQ|5.0|you can't beat soa and amazon is a most reliable shopping experience for me, thank you.
0439023521|5.0|The Hunger Games is an easy read that is a unique idea.  I think Catniss is a good hero for young women.  It is kind of like a modern day, young adult version of 1984 in a way.  Good for the next generation to learn about the cautions of too powerful totalitarianism.
B0024FAR5M|5.0|AGAIN AMAZON IS THE BEST, I WILL USE AMAZON AGAIN AND AGAIN FOR MY HOLIDAY PURCHASES
B00005JMFQ|5.0|Love Actually. with Bill Nighy as the link between other characters, just before Christmas & later. It's funny, sad & ultimately touching. There is humor, ironic humor, crassness, & sweetness all expertly played by the other characters in their stories.The music& songs fit the various plots with the Bill Nighy character's \\"Christmas\\" song the linchpin   It all ties together with out being corny. Good to watch any time of the year.
B003W5C0VW|5.0|Just watched this on blu ray. Superb show with the best possible image that technology can currently provide. They would never be this good again. Watchin the Glimmer twins on Dead flowers is classic \\"old\\" Stones. They have rarely shared a mic much after this period. What we need now is something from the 75/76 tour to be given the same treatment. Maybe Les Abattoirs,Paris 76 which was pro shot by French tv. Bring it on Eagle vision and prove we can always get what we want
B003VSVWA0|5.0|I couldn't wait for this CD/DVD to come out because I have been seeing him on PBS specials and he has become so much more Leonard Cohen than in the beginning.  The years between his first \\"albums\\" have increased the fullness of his words.  He sings with wisdom, authority, fondness for life and love and people.  His delivery of each song is nuanced with experience and memories of other times.  I just love it.  He looks terrific and seems to really love and appreciate every audience, and the feeling is certainly mutual, as one can see from the DVD.  I had lent a very early album (now on CD, of course) to an 85 year old friend.  She loved \\"Sisters of Mercy\\" and \\"Bird on a Wire\\", and then we happened to catch him together on PBS.  She was crazy for him so I got her the \\"Songs from the Road\\" and she plays it and sings to it all the time.  Although Leonard Cohen has been down \\"a long and winding road\\" over the years, his appeal is apparently ageless, and is increasing!
B0015DROBO|1.0|I ordered this based on all the great reviews. I didn't get too far because it was too boring. I read about 1 book per week but this one couldn't hold my attention.
B001CTUI8M|5.0|It's the best show I've ever seen!   Everyone who likes Within Temptation must have it! And everyone who likes symphonic metal will definitely enjoy it!
B003102JDM|2.0|I heard a lot about \\"A Serious Man\\" before I saw the movie. The Village Voice, in a scathing review, condemned it as anti-Semitic; others praised it as the best thing since the Book of Job. I didn't see either \\"Serious Man\\" - I didn't see the Village Voice's anti-Semitic film, and I also didn't see the masterpiece Coen Brothers groupies insist, against all evidence, that this film is.<br /><br />\\"A Serious Man\\" has style to burn, and little substance. The Coen Brothers' production team worked very hard to recreate the look of a Midwestern suburb in 1967, and their success is breathtakingly evident. During opening scenes, I wasn't caring about the paper-thin characters or the plot that could be summed up in one boring sentence fragment - bad things happen to a man the film's directors don't care about - rather I was obsessed with the fly-in-amber 1967-era suburb the Coens were able to recreate in what is obviously a low-budget film. The pristine, uniform, lawns, the blindingly white, crackless sidewalks, the vintage cars, the skyline absent of the crowns of mature trees, the spotless just-moved-in look of the homes, really do strike you. Sadly, the surface of this film is much more impressive than anything else going on onscreen.<br /><br />Michael Stuhlbarg, a stage actor I've never seen in anything else, is poignant as Larry Gopnik, a married, suburban dad and physics professor experiencing a run of bad luck. In spite of the Coens' signature coldness and sadism, I actually cared about Larry. I fervently wished that he, and Stuhlbarg, were in a much better movie. The Coens' complete absence of investment in Larry leaves you, the viewer, free to laugh at the sadistic traps they set for him. I did laugh when Larry's torpedo-shaped wife brusquely demands a divorce, and when her lover forces a hug on Larry and presents him with a bottle of wine. Secondary characters were also amusing, often stereotypically so. There's the icebox frigid Korean student, with the incongruous name of Clive, and the comical rabbis. Rabbi Scott is eager as a bunny but too young and unsure; Rabbi Nachtner is older, arrogant, and all too sure of himself. The jokes are funny and, edited down, this could have been a rewarding thirty minute film. It's padded out, though, and the film goes well past the point where the Coens ran out of ideas. Fans struggle to apply meaning to the film's opening, a pointless excursion to a sort of low-budget, high school production of a shtetl tale the Coens invented themselves. The movie itself goes off the rails and starts dramatizing Larry's dreams, none of which has any point that hasn't already been made.<br /><br />I think the real headscratching, slightly funny, slightly heartbreaking, slightly Ashkenazi fable around \\"A Serious Man\\" is not so much the film itself; the film itself is rather flimsy and shallow. Rather, what's noteworthy about this film is fan reaction to it. Read fan reviews: you must understand Schrodinger's Cat in order to understand this film! You must understand the Talmud to understand this film! You must understand a recently discovered, highly cryptic, 1905 email that Albert Einstein sent to Sholem Aleichem in order to understand this film! You get the idea. Hardcore Coen fans insist on seeing depth in what is a very shallow, half-baked movie. I suspect that these fans experience a movie the way some might experience doing a jigsaw puzzle while stoned and while working their way through the required reading list of an elite college for precocious, but troubled, boys.<br /><br />Finally, the Book of Job, allegedly the inspiration for \\"A Serious Man,\\" is actually a magnificent work of literature. \\"A Serious Man\\" never so much as touches it.ve, and the comical rabbis. Rabbi Scott is eager as a bunny but too young and unsure; Rabbi Nachtner is older, arrogant, and all too sure of himself. The jokes are funny and, edited down, this could have been a rewarding thirty minute film. It's padded out, though, and the film goes well past the point where the Coens ran out of ideas. Fans struggle to apply meaning to the film's opening, a pointless excursion to a sort of low-budget, high school production of a shtetl tale the Coens invented themselves. The movie itself goes off the rails and starts dramatizing Larry's dreams, none of which has any point that hasn't already been made.     I think the real headscratching, slightly funny, slightly heartbreaking, slightly Ashkenazi fable around \\"A Serious Man\\" is not so much the film itself; the film itself is rather flimsy and shallow. Rather, what's noteworthy about this film is fan reaction to it. Read fan reviews: you must understand Schrodinger's Cat in order to understand this film! You must understand the Talmud to understand this film! You must understand a recently discovered, highly cryptic, 1905 email that Albert Einstein sent to Sholem Aleichem in order to understand this film! You get the idea. Hardcore Coen fans insist on seeing depth in what is a very shallow, half-baked movie. I suspect that these fans experience a movie the way some might experience doing a jigsaw puzzle while stoned and while working their way through the required reading list of an elite college for precocious, but troubled, boys.     Finally, the Book of Job, allegedly the inspiration for \\"A Serious Man,\\" is actually a magnificent work of literature. \\"A Serious Man\\" never so much as touches it.
B001M5UDGS|5.0|What is there not to like about this? Oh yeah they didn't personally come to my house sing these awesome catchy songs and then give me a new hundred dollar bill.    More people need to know about this wonderful production!
1416549447|5.0|Run with gravity not against it. What a novel running concept that I found really works.  After running countless painful marathons and 5k/10k's, I read \\"Chi Running.\\"  I revamped my style as the author indicated. Then after a few practice runs I kinda felt a small feeling of chi...  Then after a couple weeks, a slightly bigger dose of that chi feeling.  All kidding aside, it was only after a month and a half of running and practicing with gradual increases in distance that I felt much more comfortable that I was on the right track. I know that that may seem like a long time for some of you, but, the increase in energy and more importantly the very noticeable decrease in effort was very dramatic for me.  After a 5 mile run, I felt like it had been only 2.  After 8 miles it felt like only 4-5.   The most important thing was I had absolutely no aches or pains in my knees, back or legs.  The pains were something that I had thought came with the territory.      It's been over a year now and still perfecting the technique, but, I absolutely love this concept.  The book is easy to read and combines a lot of philosophy within the book.  The actual Chi technique can be highlighted in a couple of chapters, so it is not extremely complicated.  But, putting it all together in a smooth fashion does take work, focus, and practice.  Did I say patience as well.  Once you have the technique down, you will truely love and appreciate the Chi running concept.   (Someone I tried to teach once told me it did feel a lot like learning how to golf...   Lot's of detailed instructions on what to do with different body parts.  I learned later, not to teach much in the first lesson..  just like when you go out to practice.  Focus on only a couple things at a time, adding something else piece by piece as you can absorb it.     After several months of training with the Chi method, I dropped 15 minutes off my half marathon time, and almost 30 minutes off my marathon time.  I did these times withmuch less training, but, more focus on the Chi technique and making it 'my own.'   That pretty much says it all.   So hope you all get that Chi feeling!
B003PIUBZS|4.0|We've probably all heard the story of Spartacus, or at least watched the Kirk Douglas movie. This new series takes it up several notches, with gory action akin to the movie 300, and a lot of nudity to top it off. The action is plentiful and fast, but the character development is also very balanced. There's a good connection between the viewer and each of the main characters. The CGI seems pretty cheesy at times, but it gets the job done without distracting you with 3D or other whiz-bang stuff. The key to this series is the story-telling aspect, and all of the hot female actresses like Lucy Lawless.<br /><br />Pros: Action, gore, and the ladies.<br />Cons: Not really a family series, and there's a lot of cheap CGI effects<br /><br />Overall: 4/5 stars
B002FL3JA0|1.0|This is about the Kindle ed. of \\"The Real Book: Sixth Edition\\". Every other page is a blank with just a copyright notice on it. This is absurd. I really would like a refund. Surely Amazon can do better than this.
0061367036|1.0|I wish I could have given this more stars but I just couldn't. This is poorly-written, inconsistent and a dull read - and to make anything to do with 'Supernatural' dull is quite a feat in my opinion. Irvine has just taken a random collection of creatures that have appeared on the (superlative) show, and written a litttle about each - sometimes no more than a paragraph. There's also entire pages of possibly 'real' historical quotations - not exactly riveting - and almost three pages of untranslated latin exorcism rituals..cut and paste much? The worst aspect is that Irvine has tried to write in the 'voice' of the Winchester brothers, failed, and this makes it a little embarassing. Also - let's be honest - what's the point of a book about 'Supernatural' with no photos? Especially an authorized one. There's fanfic out there that's far more interesting and better written than this...I mean, not like I know but I'm just, you know, guessing. [[ASIN:1845766571 Supernatural: The Official Companion Season 2]]at least has great photos, and [[ASIN:1933771631 In the Hunt: Unauthorized Essays on Supernatural (Smart Pop Series)]]is at least witty and very readable.
0316098337|5.0|Totally unique, engrossing, and insightful about human nature.  One of the best books I've read so far this year.
0312600844|4.0|Reading this book, I'm reminded not so much of the 19th century literature that others want it to strive to be, but more the adult relationship movie plots of our current time.  The characters are just as pointless as \\"ordinary people\\", but maybe they would be pleasant enough to look at as they went through their self-important, exceptionalness, lives. Here, instead of the joy of actors buffed looks or a directors crafty framing, we have Franzen's literary gifts as entertainment.  Reading this, I was conflicted between my distaste for the characters and the lack of scope of the novel, with my ongoing joy of reading great passages. In fact, I thought that I could enjoy reading Franzen write about most anything, and then I got to the part describing the operation of the Cerulean Trust.  Beyond that, other mechanics of the book were hard to forgive. The worst being the Patty journal. If he didn't want to be more of a meta-fictionalist, why even bother with this plot device and why make it so extensive in the book?  Is he making some allusion to this books own function in an autobiographical role? Or one level removed - how realist fiction is always approached with the question of the autobiographical?  The little to nothing that I know of Franzen are: his friendship with David Foster Wallace and his ambivalence to Oprah's bookclub, have some resonance in the themes of the book: depression and the relationships between art and popular culture. If the voice of Patty is ultimately Franzen's, is Patty's story his as well?  Then there is the pun of Richard Katz, and Walter becoming a cat-hating curmudgeon. Groaningly funny... The slight resolution at the end, where nothing is resolved except that Patty and Walter's parents have mostly died off and they can't fight their childhood battles anymore, is perhaps often accurate, but it does leave me to wonder what the purpose and goals of fiction can be these days?  At times I think Franzen is taking this on, but in the end, retreats to his his craft and hopes its purpose will emerge from there (which isn't a bad tactic, as long as you are always looking at the multiple engagements of your craft).  If he writes like this, then he probably should have written a book 3 or 4 times as long (look at how science fiction authors often work in trilogies), but to leave at the chicklet stage is ultimately not a complete meal.  Is 4 stars too high with all of these gripes? If I had read better books published this year, it might go down a notch, but so far, it stands apart.
B001DELX08|5.0|If I had to choose one opera to show at home to someone who hasn't watched any (or states that he doesn't love opera, since he never saw one) I would choose this one to start with. For starters, the sound and the image are great (Blu-Ray played with on a \\"good\\" surround system) and no doubt will impress the viewer. The opera has everything, big and luxurious stage, character development of Violetta, passionate scenes, love, anger, death and so on. Tears will come to the eyes of any novice to opera. The music so well expresses every emotion that most people will be moved by it. The production is a traditional one, well done and adding to the music. Kudos to La Scala for this great production. If you have seen many versions of La Traviata, this one will still move you. Gheorghui and Vargas are great. A pleasure to listen and watch it many times.
B004307O1G|3.0|This was not your usual Nicholas Sparks book.  It did not have the 'I HAVE IT ALL TOGEHTER' EFFECT OF THE OTHERS.  Its best to read it and form your own opinions.  It would be too easy to give away the plot if I start writing more.    It makes your heart beat too fast at times and is a bit scary.
B002ZCY7PU|1.0|this is not a god season i love chuck ses 1 and 2 butt this ses 3 is just crap hoping ses 4 gets better
B001PA0FFO|4.0|It was a pleasure watching two of America's greatest actors play a mellow, perhaps molesting priest and her doubtless antagonist nun go at it in this thoughtful and suspenseful drama, the adaptation of a Shanley play.  Bravo! Bravo!  The meaning was left ambiguous, and was a clever comment on the controversy swirling around the Catholic priesthood today about which there can be no doubt.
B003R0LBVW|1.0|Blah blah blah Hate isn't a strong enough word for how I feel about this book blah blah blah
B003OF3R0S|5.0|This album is amazing and I can't stop listening to it. This band has come so far and they continue to get better and better. However, they will never sound the same in the drums like Jimmy did...R.I.P. The Rev!I definitely recommend getting this album and adding it to your A7X collection like I did. Very much enjoying this CD! =o)
B003DZX44I|5.0|The new Diamond edition is beautiful. You can tell they remastered it with sound and quality..I'm a disney fan so I give 5 stars. But it was worth the wait.
B003ZJJFKE|5.0|Literally, from start to finish this album great! This is def one of his best pieces of work!
B0019X3ZZY|1.0|This movie sucks, don't see it.  I really wish I would have streamed this film before I paid $18 for it.  I wanted to see this movie simply because I refused to believe it was as disgusting and horrible as everyone seems to say it is.  Short answer is it's not, it's just stupid.  I get that it's supposed to be an artsy movie and a graphic analogy for fascism or whatever but that doesn't mean it's a movie worth watching.  The only redemptive quality it had was almost putting me to sleep because of how extremely boring and bland it is.  Full to the brim with bad acting, bad dialogue, and bad \\"special effects\\".  What a waste of time and money.
0753801728|4.0|...I would just have loved to know more about Hannah's background, her family, how she grew up.  But, maybe that was intentional on the author's part, for Hannah to remain a mystery.  Recommended read.
B000GFLEAY|1.0|put this dvd in 3 different machines and did not work in any of them.  Said that it did not recognize disc.  will cost more to return than I paid for it so I guess I'll look elsewhere for dvds now.
0385512058|5.0|This book is to be read many times, with a highlighter and a pencil. It changed my concept of networking. Life, in all its aspects, is not a lone endeavor, but a social experience. The most important things in my life are related to people. The people I love, the people I admire, the people I want to get closer, the people who have mentored me, and the people I want to help. Business and organizations are all about people. Success is built with others help. This is not a self-help book, but a reference guide throughout all your professional life.
B002N5N5M0|4.0|Product came undamaged and in a timely manner. Good price. All was well until we got to the disc 4 of season 4 and our Sony Home Theater DVD player wouldn't play disc 4! It kept saying no disc. We tried a different slot in the machine and the same thing happened. We thought there must be something defective with the disc until we borrowed disc 4 from someone else who had season 4 and the same thing happened! We moved the disc to a different DVD player and was able to watch it. It is really strange that every disc in season 4 worked fine in the Sony Home Theater DVD player until the final disc. Amazon may want to check this out with the DVD manufacturer and/or Sony.
0807014265|4.0|If you are intrigued by human nature this is a book for you. If you need a change in perspective this is a book for you. If you feel like a victim, this is the book for you.  If you are in recovery for PTSD, Substance abuse, or just plain flat in life, this is a book for you.
0439023513|1.0|I want to say first the I loved the first two books in this trilogy.  The first 2 books had an edge but always had a positive underlying tone.   You always feel hopeful that Katniss will win out over the Capitol in the end. In this final book, everything and everyone is destroyed by either the actions of Snow and the Capitol or by the Rebel's president Coin.  It was utterly depressing, many of the main characters die, and even the ending does not end on a positive note.  Peeta and Katniss end up as broken individuals at the end.  The first two books had suspense, but Katniss always ended up outsmarting the Capitol and President Snow and was essentially the victor.  In this book, everyone loses, and there is no real winner.  I am sorry, but I felt depressed, defeated, and terrible after I finished this book.  I am very disappointed, because really, if everything Katniss goes through (plus all the deaths of main characters)and the book does not end up on a positive note, you just feel like \\"what was the point\\"!    Also, at the end you really don't like any of the characters including Katniss.  It is very heavy handed on the horrors of war (OK we get it already, WAR is terrible!), and Katniss really seems pathetic and a pawn in this book.  Even the niceness of Peeta has somewhat been destroyed.  The reason the first two books worked is because although there are terrible evil people, the goodness in others shows us that goodness usually wins out over evil.  In this book, evin wins hands down, and destroys everything that is good and nice.  What kind of message is that????  Also, the plot is put together sloppily, and the ending feels rushed and unrealistic.  I hated this book.
B001SGEUNI|3.0|It's good.  It is.  It's entertaining and energetic listening.  But it ain't groundbreaking.  If you are looking for some good, solid rock, this is a good purchase.  But don't get it expecting anything new or different.  Good, solid effort.
B003VQM2M4|5.0|If you're a fan of Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds (especially their more varied and recent work) but passed on the first Grinderman album, you might want to pick up their second entry, Grinderman 2, which (in my opinion) could have easily passed for a Bad Seeds album.  Grinderman 2 is musically richer than the first Grinderman album, with a sound and track diversity rivaling most of the Bad Seeds albums.    (I also recommend picking up the deluxe edition, as the price difference on Amazon is a mere 31 cents at the time of my writing this.  The deluxe edition comes with an illustrated booklet which transforms the album into more of a themed experience.    If you want to listen to music samples, however, you'll need to visit the page for the standard edition here on Amazon.)
B001RXB4FY|5.0|Something new and interesting in every song.  It won't take long before you can't decide which song you want to hear next and wish you could hear them all at once.  Definitely a must-have addition to your collection.
B000002J03|2.0|What an outstanding album, that brought back great memories. However, as I listened to the CD of the recording I was disappointed by the distortion in the bass and loud passages in general. I wasn't much of an audiophile when the album came out, but I would guess the vinyl sounds lots better.
B003HEWSZ6|5.0|I bought this sharpener specifically for the diamond taper sharpener (for serrations) since I needed a tool to sharpen my serrations. For that, the Smith's PP1 Pocket pal works very well! It also has carbide and ceramic serrations to sharpen the blade, but I do not use that for my more expensive knives (although it works fine for cheaper blades). Money well spent.
B002N5N4M6|5.0|who could go wrong with Sheldon and the boys - wonderful the first time I watched it and wonderful over and over!
B000O8OTNC|5.0|I bought this sharpener specifically for the diamond taper sharpener (for serrations) since I needed a tool to sharpen my serrations. For that, the Smith's PP1 Pocket pal works very well! It also has carbide and ceramic serrations to sharpen the blade, but I do not use that for my more expensive knives (although it works fine for cheaper blades). Money well spent.
B000FVE3A2|4.0|I am a repeat customer of Invicta watches.  This was my 5th invicta purchase.  I love the size and look to this watch.  It stands out from the rest, and the price point is several hundred dollars less for the same components and quality.  It is a great bang around watch and weekend watch.  The reason it is not an everday watch, is I wear a suit everyday, and the mere height and size, makes it difficult to fit under the cuffs of my dress shirt.  This is not a watch for the faint of heart. The weight of the watch takes getting used to, but once you do, you cant take your eyes off of it.  I like the automatic feature of the Grand Diver. I recomend this watch, and I would always check Amazon, they have the best prices and delivery is usually very quick.
B0019OP0GU|5.0|I was looking for this item in the stores for more than a month... it is a really good movie..
B0036EH3XE|1.0|I did not receive what I ordered from this seller.  My lost DVDs are lost in translation and I lost my money.   DONT BUY FROM THIS SELLER
B002BU0DPE|1.0|BROKE AFTER ONLY 3 USES.TOTAL PIECE OF JUNK, AND AMAZON WONT LET ME RETURN IT OR GET A REFUND OR EXCHANGE. AFTER THOUSANDS OF DOLLARS IN PURCHASES AND SENDING PEOPLE I KNOW TO THIS PLACE TO PURCHASE.. I NOW AM GOING TO ADVICE OTHERWISE. STAY AWAY. GO TO A LOCAL STORE AND BUY. YOU WONT SPEND MORE, AND YOU HAVE A FACE TO FACE OPORTUNITY TO RETURN DEFECTIVE MERCHANDICE!!!!!
B002Z7FWBI|5.0|like the movies of course, gotta have them in widescreen now that all my tvs are widescreen, my only pet peeve is tvs are only in two forms, square or 16 x 9 widescreen, and of course you can't buy new square ones anymore, so why do i have to buy movies with bars on the top or side, make the darn movies in either mode, i have some movies in 16 x 9 widescreen and i love it when they fill the screen, hate for wide screen formats like the original movie, the bars are just too big, now the movies themselves, the transfer is really good, i had old copies of the movies and glad i bought the dvd set, looks good on the new high def tvs, worried some of the movies would not be in widescreen but they all were, sound is ok but i found older movies are better watching in all speaker surround, which means all the speakers carry the sound, fills up the room better, unless of course they are made in 5.1 surround, even then older movies to me are better in that mode, the newer ones i like the 5.1 dolby surround instead, so if you like dirty harry and have old copies, this set will work for you, and of course amazon had the best price as per usual...
0316069485|5.0|I love Michael Connelly's books and this is a fine addition.  Incredulous?  Far-fetched?  Sure!!  This is fiction!  It kept me reading way into the night and I finished it in one sitting.  If you have never read any of the Bosch or Haller books, be sure to read them in order.  Each one stands alone, of course, but the characters age and their lives change with each book.
0316069884|5.0|Every time I order and receive an item from Amazon, be it a book or another product, I say the same thing in the review.    The service (packaging and time of arrival) is always great and I love Amazon.  Keep up the good work and I'll keep ordering. Thanks!
0061537969|5.0|This book was great!! It was an easy read.Once I gean, I hated to put it down.I hated to see it end.It is a must for all dog owners/lovers as well as those who are not dog owners.
B000XUBFE2|5.0|This book illustrates the extremes of good and bad in us.  The words sing.
0307454541|2.0|I read this book for the same reason most people did, because it was everywhere and I didn't want to be out of the loop. From the beginning the references to Swedish ideas such as the Kalle Blomkvist nickname are never explained and without looking each item up individually you feel like you are missing something important. This book seems like it was written for a Swedish only audience. It practically assumes that every reader has an intimate knowledge of Swedish finance and industry.<br /><br /> The pacing of the book is atrocious. It seems like it will never start going and is then resolved so quickly it feels like the climax is more of a rough outline than a thought out story.<br /><br /> I also had an issue with the violence and sexual imagery in the book. I felt that in most cases it was not treated with the proper seriousness and doesn't add to the story the way it could have if it was less sensationalized.<br /><br />*Spoiler alert*<br />  I felt that the entire premise of the book was very contrived. The setup was so obvious that most readers will, as I did, immediately figure out the mystery of the missing girl and only doubt themselves through the authors repeated insistence that she is indeed dead. This makes the closing chapters of the book a huge middle finger to intelligent readers who thought they had the answer from the beginning but are only distracted by very obvious red herrings throughout.
B00288KNL8|5.0|There's not much I can say that hasn't already been said. I will say that I love animated movies that involve so much creativity as this one does. I love Neil Gaiman as well. This is a fantastic film and it is enjoyable for the whole family.
039472903X|5.0|I picked this book up before interviewing with Ogilvy & Mather. I have to recommend this book to anyone who wants to work Madison Avenue anytime in the future. David Ogilvy, undoubtedly one of the foremost ad-men of the last century, writes his book with an authoritative pen that can only be found in the most self-assured men who roam this planet. Throughout it's length, he blatantly and emphatically outlines the keys to his successes, as well as his downfalls. While some of the content is rather dated (there is obviously nothing written about the internet) it still serves its purpose. If you want to know what made one of the most successful men in advertising tick, then this is the book for you!
B0041VXGRS|1.0|First of all, I want to apologize to the author for rating this book one star, because the contents really are outstanding (and I love her blog!).     What I'm rating is the Kindle version of this book. The formatting is HORRIBLE! I've flipped through some of the \\"Look Inside\\" pages, and the representation in the Kindle edition is nothing like the actual book. I wish I could return my electronic copy and order a hardcover- I'm missing so much of the great formatting and cute graphics that make this book really special.
B0037RDPEG|5.0|good reading  entertaining  ...but I didnot like very much the ending  I have yet to see the movie
0783240287|5.0|I guess if you have seen this on Broadway you may be disappointed as stage shows generally do not translate well to the small screen or DVDs.  However, I thoroughly enjoyed this movie.  Donny Osmond was wonderful and the music was catchy and fun to listen to.  One of the 'one star' reviewers said the women wore pasties.  No, they didn't.  You can clearly see they have on a leotard which is covered with a sheer coat.  None of the actors were nude. In fact I thought the actors did a wonderful job.  The settings were a little over the top but this is not meant to be a serious movie.  It does stay true to the Biblical story.   I've already watched this movie twice and I'm sure I will watch it again.  The music is wonderful, the songs are funny and I love the fact the narrator interacted with the characters.  If you're looking for a serious Biblical movie, this isn't it.  If you're looking for a fun, colorful, well acted movie then you will not be disappointed.
B002ZG98XW|5.0|It was wonderful reliving the glory day of Secretariat in this movie, having witnessed them on TV.  Actually, it was very moving.  Diane Lane & John Malkovich were simply outstanding in their roles.  A great must see family movie about one of the greatest atheletes of all time.
B0019NB9A2|3.0|I have always liked sci-fi movies with this one being no exception. Receieved the movie in good condition, watched it and enjoyed the movie, but really expecting a little better picture in hi-def thou. When watching it either on my 47\\" samsung 1080p or my hp 720p computer, the picture had alot of like grain in it and was not smooth or that clear..(That of course is just my opinion), others may disagree... I thought cause maybe its an older movie, but have a few others just as old that don,t have this. Otherwise good movie..
0375842209|5.0|This book was written really well.  I would consider using it, at least in some way, in my classroom when I start teaching.  It creates another perspective that we don't read about very often.  And I'm not just talking about Death (which is probably one reason some pre-teens/teens read it).  But the perspective of a small girl just trying to survive something that has caused her to pick up and move.  Something that she doesn't really understand what is going on.      Overall, I think this book was written really well.
B000I2J6K0|4.0|I thought this was a good work out DVD for pregnancy.  I am in my fifth month and the workout wasn't challenging.  I always exercised before I got pregnant and I am keeping up with that now.  I think this might be more useful for me later in my pregnancy- we'll see.
B003U0AHBO|2.0|This is a good story.  And it's a good movie.<br /><br />But it has nothing to do with Robin Hood.  They use the names, they use the places; but they don't care about history, people or events.  If you care about the Robin Hood stories, this will not be a good idea to buy.
0553805371|3.0|Some scientists and their published works are celebrated because they articulate a heretofore unknown truth about Nature. These scientists discover something new, and they document their novel findings through the scientific method. Pop celebrities, however, such as Paris Hilton and Stephen Hawking, are celebrated because they are celebrated. They are famous because they are famous, rather than because they have contributed anything substantive. Hawking's appeal to the mass media here is, very sadly and unfairly, similar to the media appeal of Ripley's two-headed calf or to a dead whale's cruising through town on a railroad flatcar. The visual effect is so bizarre that news of the spectacle overshadows other stories of deeper significance and relevance. Our legitimate compassion for a courageous and brilliant scientist, unfairly afflicted, has paralyzed our own objectivity and afflicted our own thinking with \\"appeals to authority\\" fallacies whenever Hawking's books are discussed. Publishers Weekly's \\"starred review\\" of this book is truly a joke, written by a professional reviewer too timid dare to criticize the work of a celebrity superstar.    This book, The Grand Design, written by Hawking (allegedly) and Leonard Mlodinow, was published solely to cash in on Hawking's celebrity. (Recall Hawking's self-stated reason for writing A Brief History of Time: \\"I wanted to write a book that would sell in airport bookstalls.\\" ) This book contains nothing new whatever -- as many other Amazon reviewers have already correctly noted -- and it contains no material that hasn't been regurgitated on The Science Channel for years in their never-ending marathon of series on Black Holes. (Just once I'd like to see a program about the periodic table.) Moreover, The Grand Design fails even to adequately address the questions that the promotional material hawks (a form of hawking fallacy) : Why do we exist? Why this particular set of laws and not some other? Is there a unified theory of everything? What is it?    About ninety-five percent of this book is filler: a stale rehashing of the history of science, which, if presented properly, is a story of exciting adventure and profound intrigue. Most of you reading this review, however, could easily have written this book yourselves. Could you write a paragraph or two from memory about Aristotle, Galileo, Copernicus, Newton and Einstein? If not, could you look them up on Wikipedia and rewrite what you read? If so, then you could have written this book. How is it possible that two such brilliant men (i.e., Hawking and Mlodinow) could say so little, and say it in such an unenthusiastic, un-Sagan-like way? I said that this book is a \\"stale rehashing\\" because it is not particularly illuminating or entertaining even as a summary of science history. This book in no way compares to Carl Sagan's Cosmos nor to Jacob Bronowski's The Ascent of Man for a recapitulation of man's journey from religious superstition to enlightenment. And there is no airtight logical coherence evident here as in, say, Bertrand Russell's ABC's of Relativity.    The final chapter especially is a disjointed assemblage of unexplained, take-it-or-leave-it, clumsily presented non sequiturs. Only the final three pages of this book -- I repeat, only the final three pages -- even attempt to answer the big questions posed above. After reading these \\"answers,\\" I thought to myself that the book seemed mysteriously truncated, that there should have been four or five more chapters to flesh-out the last-minute \\"answers\\" shoved without comment into the final paragraphs. I wondered whether the authors had suddenly lost interest in the project or perhaps suffered a personal or health setback that caused them to cut the project short. I then read the acknowledgements, which, in this book, are printed at the book's conclusion. There, Hawking and Mlodinow mention their agents, Al Zuckerman and Susan Ginsburg, who repeatedly scolded the authors (and I quote): \\"It's time to finish the book already.\\" (page 187)  Believe me, this rush-job attitude is obvious as the book reaches its fizzling, dry-hump climax.    If you think I'm being cruel, then ask yourself these questions, particularly those of you in the scientific community: If you made an honest list of the top fifty physicists of the last 100 years, would Hawking's \\"discoveries,\\" as described in this book, earn him a place on that list? If so, then why has he not received a Nobel Prize for these past \\"discoveries\\"? The answer is that he has made no such discoveries, at least no verified discoveries. A perfect crystallization of this book is found in the final paragraph (page 181) where Hawking and Mlodinow claim that The Grand Design (of the universe or multiverse) may be found (later, not now) in M-theory. Yet the book comes to an abrupt close without ever detailing M-theory to any degree. And, as unbelievable as it may sound, Hawking and Mlodinow admit that neither they, nor anyone else working on M-theory, even knows what the \\"M\\" stands for! (page 117)  No, I'm not making that up. Check it out for yourself. We are told in the promotional material for this book that its pages will reveal the Grand Design to us and answer the big questions. Then, after we buy the book, we're told that we won't know these answers until M-theory (whatever that stands for) is completed -- an event which may never occur. A man selling a vacuum cleaner under such false advertising might face legal penalties. But if Stephen Hawking makes an equally dubious claim about vacuum energy, then it must be true. Why? Because Stephen Hawking is a celebrity and the vacuum cleaner salesman is not. Our justified compassion for Hawking has become unjustified credulity. How did his Hawking Paradox pan out? If an unknown author had submitted this identical, verbatim manuscript to his publisher, there is little chance that it would have been published, due to the total dearth of new ideas within its lackluster pages.    On a more specific, scientific note: the \\"answer\\" given for why the laws of physics operate as they do in our universe is that there are supposedly billions of other universes, all of which have differing laws of physics. Our own laws are simply one particular manifestation of many possibilities. Even if we charitably concede that Hawking has demonstrated that there are multiple universes -- again without receiving a Nobel Prize for this rather significant \\"discovery\\" -- this \\"multiverse theory\\" in no way explains why our own universe displays the laws of physics that it does. It's like my asking my neighbor why his house has four windows in the back and none in the front, and he responds that there are many houses in the neighborhood other than his own. That is not a satisfying answer.    Similarly, this book argues, again at the very last moment, that the laws of universal gravitation are partly responsible for the appearance of the universe from nothing. Here's a good question -- at least, I think it's a good question: Isn't gravity a property of mass? How could gravity help to bring the universe into existence without there being an already-operating gravitational field, which itself results from already-existing mass? (This smells of creationist, first-cause crap, I know.) Now I have no doubt whatever that if Hawking and Mlodinow were sitting beside me here, they would have a beautifully reasoned, well-thought-out answer to this question. I'm certain of that. I am equally certain, however, that no such answer was presented in the book. And I don't think this question is so off-the-mark that it should be dismissed without even a passing comment. Sadly, theologians like William Lane Craig (who spout religious drivel at every opportunity) are going to have little trouble, fairly or unfairly, punching holes in this book's arguments. Again, I'm certain that the combined genius of Hawking and Mlodinow could handily win the debate with anyone. But this book does not represent the best that either of them has to offer. Hawking, though, will find another one of his books on (or in) an airport stall.    If I sound irked or emotionally embittered, it's because I feel that I pretty much wasted $28 and, more importantly, a week of my life studying this book in detail. And, by the way, it is confusing to claim that \\"empty\\" space is filled with energy. If it's empty space, there's nothing in it. If there's energy present, it's not empty. Please sharpen your use of language. And don't pretend that you're saying something profound about the empirical universe itself when you point out that the laws of physics break down at certain points. What you mean is: We don't have a clue what's going on at certain points. The universe isn't behaving irrationally. Your theories are.     I have a very cynical thought about why this book was written: When A Brief History of Time was written, there were, I'm told, no references to \\"God\\" in the original text. At the publisher's suggestion, a few such references were inserted to stir up a little controversy and to increase book sales. It worked. Today, by contrast, with atheist books on the rise, a book directly rebutting religion was seen as a better marketing ploy. It worked again, at least with me. As an atheist, I eagerly purchased this book the moment it became available. While I enthusiastically applaud the authors for their conclusions, rationality forces me to admit that their conclusions are not substantiated by the \\"evidence\\" they present, simply because they present no evidence. They may possess this evidence elsewhere. But it is not offered, as advertised, in this book. Moreover, most of their \\"supporting\\" arguments seem to be based on the assumption that string theory or M-theory is going to eventually work out, possibly, maybe, allegedly. Only time will tell. I am certainly no expert on the subject. But I strongly suspect that string theory and M-theory will prove to be thegrandest scientific boondoggles since the luminiferous ether.    David Mills
0525951652|1.0|Here I sit on ten bucks in my Amazon account that I'd like to spend on a Kindle book.... too bad I can't.
B002ZCY7PU|5.0|Chuck, Season 3 picks up right where Season 2 left off, only Chuck isn't told to \\"wait in the car\\" anymore. Viewers can expect to see the same high-octane action and bit of humor that they saw in previous episodes, with a few more interesting plot twists and turns. A definite must-have for any fan of \\"Chuck\\"!
B002C6A6N6|5.0|I received my purchase in a timely matter and it was a good as brand new!  Only because it was brand new!  But I really enjoyed this buying experience with this user.
B0019N8P2W|3.0|Back on the 90's I was a great fan of the series, mostly because of the soundtrack featured in the series which included many songs from popular bands and artists.  I was very disappointed to find out that the original soundtrack has been deleted and replaced with an new \\"generic\\" soundtrack.  On the other hand there's no subtitles (not even in English) and no Spanish dub. If you happened to watch the series in both English and Spanish, this is quite a letdown.  Despite all the niggles, the presentation is vey good and it's a great opportunity to enjoy Daria's trademark sarcasm all over again and remember those days when MTV was a cool music channel before it turned itself into a reality show network.
0316098337|5.0|I read \\"Room\\" in one day, and I can't stop thinking about it.  It may sound corny, but it really is a story about the triumph of the human spirit.  I will never forget this book.
B001GCUO4S|1.0|I liked final destination 1 & 2, especially the way Death put time and attention into killing one person at at time and making it look like an accident.  Take that teens!!!  Then in 3, death takes a few bystanders along with some cast at the end. Maybe they were saved from some other near death event.  And now, since there wasn't an asteroid nearby that could be slammed into the earth. Death just wants to kill as many people as possible.  Some of them as CGI skeletons!!!    PROS  - 2 deaths were interesting.  - There is a recap at the start of all the great deaths of the series.    Although whenever there is a recap of previous excellence in a film, you know you should worry.    CONS  - Liver failure!!    Scared of animal livers lying around signifying someone is dead?    Avoid this film like an idle animal liver then.    Since it looks like they reused the same one multiple times after someone died.    In fact, instead of the classic \\"show a grave after you seen the person surprised\\", just drop a few livers.  - Lazy car crashes. The cars in this film don't crash, they transform into explosions!!    No need for wreckage, they just completely explode, cause it was friday afternoon where CGI was made.  - 3d \\"effects\\", meanly household items move closer to the screen, telling us all how the next event will happen.    Creepy, no with, awful, considering if you're not watching it in 3d you get the same effect by picking up something with your hand    and MOVING YOUR HEAD CLOSER TO IT!!!  - Characters you couldn't care less about.    I liked the security guard, he deserved an original death, instead he got a recycled death.    Every other character is so annoying you wish they died at the start and the film was 10 minutes long.    Honestly, you wish they all just fell down some stairs or something.  - Disbelief!!    Death is after us, thats crazy!!! I don't think its possible that death is STILL after us EVEN THOUGH YOU JUST SAVED ME FROM DROWNING!!!  - Death can't count!!    So a handful of people were saved at the start, well i guess death should KILL EVERYONE IN A CROWDED MOVIE THEATRE.    Yeah, death is balancing the scales like a drunk accountant who HATES his job.  - Some die as cgi skeletons.    Because these guys couldn't even act like they were dead, which means being covered in blood, eyes open, and LIVERS!!    And this was probabaly too much for them.
0385342047|3.0|I have always adored Becky Bloomwood and been thoroughly entertained by her over-the-top antics.  Sophie Kinsella's razor-sharp wit has made the most ridiculous situations funny and enjoyable.  But, this time, something is different and I wasn't laughing as much and was actually pretty disgusted with Becky.<br /><br />I know she's a fictional character.  I know this is chick lit.  But perhaps Kinsella has milked the situation for all it had to offer me.  Becky is now 29 and has not matured one iota.  She is still the same ditzy spender, but this time her lies, her manipulation of others, her crazy schemes all seemed to point up the fact that she never learns from her mistakes, and why should she since there is always someone to come in and rescue her.<br /><br />Of course, I knew to expect this because the main character is, after all, Becky Bloomwood Brandon.  But what totally turned me off to Becky in this book is that she is a terrible mother.  That is something I was not expecting.  From the title of the book, I thought her little Minnie would be an adorable toddler taking up the shopaholic tradition.  Minnie is far from cute.  She is a brat, a child totally out of control, and most likely starved for attention.  If Becky gave her half the time she devoted to her schemes, there might be hope for Minnie.  We see no mother/daughter bonding, no loving scenes with the two of them, no hint that Becky sees Minnie as anything but another reason to shop.  Why Becky is so intent on having another baby is beyond me.  She spends very little time with the one she has and seems far more interested in everything else.<br /><br />The main thrust of the story is Becky's preoccupation with planning a party for Luke, not Minnie.  I was never sure why this was so important and why in today's troubled economy and with even shopaholic Becky trying to cut back, she felt it was necessary to spend thousands of dollars on this one night event.<br /><br />The ending definitely sets up the next in the series....and I will probably read it hoping that Becky finally matures. But maybe not.  I think the author may have played the shopping card one too many times for my taste.nd I will probably read it hoping that Becky finally matures. But maybe not.   I think the author may have played the shopping card one too many times for my taste.
1400031567|5.0|This is a book of astonishing skill. There is no need for me to sum up the \\"What\\" here, because others have done so very well. Besides, for a book of such artistic quality I'd rather focus on the \\"How,\\" since in art the How (the form and the technique) is far more important than the What (the content).  As for the \\"How:\\" I am not sure how many would note the deft technical expertise displayed by Mankell here, but it's nothing short of amazing. Using various PoV (including that of the killer) is of course nothing extraordinary. Others have done this. But Mankell's occasional and casual switch from 3rd limited to (briefly) omniscient-- especially at ends of segments-- is done so deftly that the unwary readers may not realize why they suddenly feel elevated above the story by a fleeting feeling of epic grandeur. But, of course, the omniscient PoV is the classical tool for epic tales, so that its use cannot fail to expand the readers' vision, no matter what the story is. Yet it is not easy to do, and in most cases the switch from one PoV mode to another in the middle of a scene is a strict no-no. Yet Mankell manages it. Furthermore, the constant movement in time and space, and the segue from such lateral movement (if one may call it so) to vertical movement-- as the PoV character delves down into his own heart, or upwards into the heart of others-- creates an extraordinary feeling of richness and motion, the likes of which few other authors have achieved. And I won't say anything about the narrative drive. Mankell summarizes conversations that have no conflict, while providing the one item of conflict between quotes, as proper; and he never misses a beat. There are a few literary ticks every now and then-- just as a character does something, something else interrupts-- but this is just one more mechanism for providing tension and movement. Better a bit too much than too little. (I said 'a bit.') Even the (very) few instances of polemics, when Mankell allows himself to express his own bitter view of Swedish society via the mind of Wallander, sound real and properly in place. And all this, in an unadorned language, bereft of any fancy display of unneeded poetry or over-description. Everything is just right.   As for revealing to the reader who the killer is before the very last pages, I do not share others' criticism of this. IMHO it rather elevates the book from a mundane mystery (whodunit) to a mystery-thriller (will the hero be hurt?), which can raises emotions in the reader far more intense than those raised by a mere puzzle.  All in all, there is no doubt in my mind that this book, as well as some others (not all) by Mankell, will be read for a long time, and, like some books of Simenon's detective stories, or (fewer) of le Carre's spy books, will transcend their genre and be seen for what they really are: literature, timeless and magnificent.  Bravo, and well done.  AM
B003XMUFGQ|4.0|A lot of pre-release hype was attached to this. It is not quite what I expected, will not \\"Rock you out\\" and is more jazz and blues oriented than his more commercial successes,.. but he has been past that for some time. This is clearly an album he made for his own enjoyment,.. and if you are Clapton fan you will enjoy it too.
0345457692|5.0|This book is a classic cyber punk that manages to rise above the genre-- but I am afraid that this was probably an accident, because no other book by Richard Morgan ever attained the level that Altered Carbon did. The flowing plot, the vivid characters, the implied evil wrought by the mind-recording technology, the casual observations about the impact on society, let alone the sheer virtuosity of doing all this without much exposition, all led me to hope that a new master has burst on the scene. Alas, no. Morgan's next books had only an occasional flash of the original skill and vision, and none managed to captivate me as this one did. But no matter. Some authors do not get to write even one such lovely book. Morgan did, and I congratulate (and envy) him for it. Like the \\"Fifth Element\\"-- Luc Besson's film that manages to transcend its genre-- this book, too, manages to transcend its type. The casual implied musing on the nature of love-- spiritual, yes, but by necessity based on chemical, physical attraction; on the nature of 'what it is to be human;' and on the nature of loyalty, friendship, and courage, all make this book special. If you haven't read it yet, read it. It will stay with you just as it had stayed with me.<br />Five stars.
0887307280|5.0|I first read the original E-Myth in the mid 1990's a few years after starting my business in 1987. I didn't have a business background before starting my company so the book opened my eyes to the error of my young entrepreneurial ways and definitely impacted my business strategy. I often purchase copies of this book and pass them out to other business owners who I see struggling with running a business.     I believe this is a great book for any business owner that is trying to improve processes and can't understand why their company can't run without them.    I also had the opportunity to meet the author Michael Gerber a few years back and had him autograph a copy of one of his books for me. He was a very pleasant and down to earth individual and has built his own solid business and brand by following his own philosophies.
0553805371|5.0|It was easy to read.  You don't need to be a physicist to understand it.  There were some corny jokes that prove that Hawking & Mlodinow aren't as funny as Richard Feynman was.  Overall I really enjoyed it and reccomend it to all.  It was well worth the money.  in fact, I'm going to read it a second time soon, to cement all the ideas in my mind.
B002ZG98XW|5.0|I am old enough to remember when Secretariat raced at Arlington Park in Chicago and the how excited everyone was over this unbelievable horse that literally ran away with the Belmont.  Go see it. Take the kids. Take the grandkids. If you have no one to take, go by yourself. It does this great horse and owner proud, as well as the actors who portray them.  Bravo!
B0000AZJXQ|4.0|This album had to grow on me, but I enjoy it nevertheless.   Mer De Noms is quite simply a brilliant album.  If there is another APC album, hopefully it will be more in line with MDN.    Whatever the sound of the next album is, I'm sure it won't be bad like a lot of the garbage put out these days.
B002JVWR4A|5.0|We eyeball BONES and we're maybe drawn to the quirky cases and perhaps even marvel at the disgusting corpses, the gristliest in this season, by the way, being that corpse which sloughs off its skin and organs onto the floor with juicy wet noises (in &#34;The Gamer in the Grease&#34;). If you've been watching this series all along, then you've probably even become invested in the side characters. Me, I love Brennan's rotating crew of odd interns. But let us not talk falsely now, our eyes are glued because of the charming FBI Agent Seeley Booth and the icy and very literal Dr. Temperance Brennan. Nothing quite so frustrating as platonic romance in the workplace in a television show. But this fifth season does throw us a few, er, bones by sort of advancing that whole &#34;Will they, won't they, why the hell won't they?&#34; thing. Even if the season does end unsatisfyingly.<br /><br />To backtrack some: In the Season Four finale, Seeley Booth's brain tumor surgery had induced him into a coma. In this coma he dreamt that he and Bones inhabited an alternate reality in which they were happily married. As Season Five opens, Booth has been cleared and fully reinstated with the FBI, except that he still has concerns deriving from the tumor: memory lapses, his suddenly subpar marksmanship, and his lapsed sense of intuition. But the biggest fret is that Booth now harbors romantic feelings for Brennan, except that these feelings may only be temporary aftereffects of the tumor. But, as we learn later, this goes even further back.<br /><br />The winning formula has always been predicated on the characters, and you've probably heard ad nauseam about David Boreanaz and Emily Deschanel and that space of intimacy they share; it's what floats the boat for BONES. Cast chemistry and character interaction trump the dry, hi-tech forensics and the murder mysteries, however gruesome and cleverly staged. Season Five produces some pretty head-turning episodes.<br /><br />My personal favorites: Brennan gets her anthropological geek on in &#34;A Night at the Bones Museum&#34; when an ancient mummy is found dangling from an electrified fence. Stephen Fry returns as psychiatrist-turned-chef Gordon Gordon in &#34;The Dwarf in the Dirt.&#34; In &#34;The Goop on the Girl&#34; Emily Deschanel's real-life sister Zooey guest stars as Bones's second cousin who likes to quote Ben Franklin. In tongue-in-cheeky &#34;The X in the File&#34; Bones and Booth get all Scully & Muldery as they look into a murder in Roswell, New Mexico. Superstition and religious beliefs bump heads as the team investigates a burnt skeleton affixed with horns and a vestigial tail in &#34;The Devil in the Details.&#34; There's also this hot but creepy angel.<br /><br />So, hey, we all know that Dr. Temperance &#34;Bones&#34; Brennan is not only a forensic anthropologist but that she also has a side job as a best-selling mystery novelist. &#34;The Bones on the Blue Line&#34; has a Japanese journalist writing a piece on Brennan and her latest mystery novel and the squints conjecture as to which characters in Bones' recent novel are patterned after themselves (and then there's the steamy page 187). Oh, and if you've ever wondered how an emotionally detached, socially inept, facts first person like Dr. Brennan is able to write such popular, character-rich mystery novels, this episode addresses the issue.<br /><br />&#34;The Death of the Queen Bee&#34; ventures into the teen slasher genre, with Booth and Bones posing as a married couple to attend Bones' high school reunion and catch the urban legendary Butcher of Burtonsville High. I don't want to say this episode is awesome... but Robert Englund guest stars and has fun spoofing his horror film persona. Meanwhile, &#34;The Boy with the Answer&#34; puts paid to the Gravedigger case as the cunning serial killer goes to trial. And when I say &#34;puts paid&#34; I'm really meaning that the Gravedigger will probably be back. She's simply too wicked diabolical not to match wits with Bones again.<br /><br />And if you've ever been curious about how Booth and Bones first met, the flashback episode &#34;The Parts in the Sum of the Whole&#34; recounts that puppy (Eric Millegan as &#34;Zach Addy&#34; even pops in). I won't say anything more, other than this episode is kind of a game changer.<br /><br />BONES - THE COMPLETE FIFTH SEASON comes in six DVDs. Bonus stuff includes: audio commentaries for &#34;The Proof in the Pudding&#34; (with actors Tamara Taylor, John Francis Daley, & Michaela Conlin) and for &#34;The Beginning in the End&#34; (with series creator Hart Hanson and producers Stephen Nathan & Ian Toynton, all chortling and patting themselves on the back, maybe too much); a feature about the show's 100th episode &#34;The Parts in the Sum of the Whole,&#34; with David Boreanaz directing (00:07:05 minutes); a gag reel (00:04:26); three deleted scenes - one from &#34;The Dwarf in the Dirt,&#34; two from &#34;The Beginning in the End&#34; (totalling 00:03:39); &#34;The Bodies of BONES&#34; - focus on the special effects/make-up crew that creates the icky, icky corpses (00:10:50); and &#34;The Nunchuck Way&#34; has actors Pej Vahdat and T.J. Thyne prepping for &#34;The Devil in the Details&#34; episode by undergoing nunchucks training from a stunt guy (00:02:43).olical not to match wits with Bones again.<br /><br />And if you've ever been curious about how Booth and Bones first met, the flashback episode &#34;The Parts in the Sum of the Whole&#34; recounts that puppy (Eric Millegan as &#34;Zach Addy&#34; even pops in). I won't say anything more, other than this episode is kind of a game changer.<br /><br />BONES - THE COMPLETE FIFTH SEASON comes in six DVDs. Bonus stuff includes: audio commentaries for &#34;The Proof in the Pudding&#34; (with actors Tamara Taylor, John Francis Daley, & Michaela Conlin) and for &#34;The Beginning in the End&#34; (with series creator Hart Hanson and producers Stephen Nathan & Ian Toynton, all chortling and patting themselves on the back, maybe too much); a feature about the show's 100th episode &#34;The Parts in the Sum of the Whole,&#34; with David Boreanaz directing (00:07:05 minutes); a gag reel (00:04:26); three deleted scenes - one from &#34;The Dwarf in the Dirt,&#34; two from &#34;The Beginning in the End&#34; (totalling 00:03:39); &#34;The Bodies of BONES&#34; - focus on the special effects/make-up crew that creates the icky, icky corpses (00:10:50); and &#34;The Nunchuck Way&#34; has actors Pej Vahdat and T.J. Thyne prepping for &#34;The Devil in the Details&#34; episode by undergoing nunchucks training from a stunt guy (00:02:43).
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|I love every song on this CD. I had only heard a few songs from Mumford and Sons before I bought the CD and I'm so glad I did!! It's awesome.
030758660X|5.0|The photos in this book are lovely.  The book is called \\"Vampire Knits\\" and that is initially why I had to have it, but all the patterns could be used in other colors -- or even As-Is -- and never be associated with anything \\"vampire\\".  There are a few kitschy patterns, but mostly they are just lovely, adaptable patterns.  It was the kitschy patterns that caught my eye and made this a have-to-have book for me, but it is the practical ones that will keep me coming back to \\"Vampire Knits\\" -- that hoodie is TDF- and I'm way too old to say \\"TDF\\". :)<br /><br />I haven't checked to see if my copy is one of the apparently-few books that have missing and repeated pages, but even if it does, I know that Amazon and the publisher will make good and swap it out for me. That is a publishing snafu and even IF mine is one of the defective, I will still give this book a five-star.<br /><br />I'm almost finished with the Tourniquet Scarf for my son; he can't wait for the weather to get cool enough to wear it.<br /><br />I love the premise of the book, the patterns and the photos.<br /><br />I just hope the next book is 'Zombie Knits'  :)
B0031R5K72|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book. The only reason it only got four stars from me is because it's a hard topic and so part of me was sad the entire time I read it. It couldn't be any other way really. The charming narrator, sometimes humorous, other times poignant, saves the story from becoming too heart-breaking. A must read.    I would like to make a note to whoever is responsible for making books available to Kindle - this note is obviously only for the Kindle version. The punctuation is atrocious! The Kindle version is obviously an OCR scan of the book, but there are so many full stops and opening and closing quotation marks left out it appears that no one proof read the scan before publishing it. I initially thought the author had some deep love of exclamation points, but it seems that often a full stop followed by a closing quotation mark (.') has been turned into an exclamation point (!). I am a bit of a stickler for this kind of thing, and it would be lovely if someone could put a bit of proofreading effort into the Kindle edition, but even this couldn't dampen this beautiful story for me.
B003DKJ5ZU|5.0|This DVD was part of our lifesaving package during our recent vacation in the Smoky Mountains. Our 4 year old girl and her 2 year old brother watched this movie whenever we drove somewhere - and the time for traveling in the Smokies during peak season is extensive, plus the drive from home (6 hours) and back (6 hours) ... we obviously have a DVD player in the car.  Both kids absolutely love this movie! It is funny, tells a great story and apparently does not get boring even after twenty plus viewings in one week.  I would highly recommend this DVD to everybody with small kids.    It also comes with a BluRay disc - which is useless for us right now, but could come in handy after we decide to upgrade to the new format eventually.
B003V5PPZG|5.0|Intelligent, inventive, ethereal, brilliant! LP continues to evolve and make music that challenges the mind and moves the soul.
B002N5N4M6|5.0|These guys (and gal) are funny. Sheldon is my wife's favorite character.  The writing is great.  You really need to see the first two series to appreciate the third, so go out and buy those first two.
B0019NB9A2|5.0|Despite the age, this movie holds up well against much of the current crop of what poses as scifi - and the blu ray version is amazingly clear and sharp. It was well worth the cost to have the wide screen view as well as the high quality visual. Loved the bonus package, too.
B00383UJ2U|5.0|Let me start by saying that I was around in the 80's, but I was not really a fan of synth/electro pop by the likes of New Order, Japan (David Sylvian) and Depeche Mode. I was much more mainstream with Duran Duran, Human League and Nik Kershaw, which is probably why I love this album.<br /><br />From the epic Illuminated (my fav) to the lyrically haunting Wonderful Life (about a man contemplating suicide), this whole album rocks the ear drums. Nostalgic 80's pop is back and its utterly brilliant even without Kim Wilde!
0800141806|5.0|tom hanks doesn't make a bad movie.  in this case he helped make a truly great movie.  this movie has a strong cast and provocative subject matter.  even the music is terrific.  i have collected a lot of movies over the years and \\"Philadelphia\\" is one i can watch over and over again and still enjoy.
0061134007|5.0|\\"Redbreast\\" is just about the coolest, highly-sophisticated, highly-enthralling thriller I have ever read. I can't help but compare it to Stieg Larsson`s \\"Girl with the Dragon Tatoo\\", which is also a very high quality thriller, and to find \\"Redbreast\\" at another, higher, level. I think what differentiates \\"Redbreast\\" is a plot that at the same time is intricate, complex, yet realistic. Most importantly, the complexity never gets pretentiously complicated: the novels (many) twists and turns are unexpected yet believable. The quality of the plot was also a strong point of \\"The Girl...\\", but for me the last 100 pages or so were anti-climatic once the main murder mystery was solved: in \\"Redbreast\\" the last 100 pages rip. \\"Redbreast\\" makes powerful socio-political points, in particular regarding nationalist sentiment in Norway, without ever getting preachy or overbearing, something that \\"The Girl..\\" unfortunately does, quite a bit. Finally, Harry Hole makes for an incredibly captivating \\"hero\\", and, unusually for a thriller, many of the other characters are equally captivating, original and powerful (including, refreshingly, both the bad guys and the girlfriends, especially Ellen). Lisbeth Salander (The \\"Girl with...\\") is also original and interesting, but her moments of James Bondish prowess strain credulity, to say the least.    I did give \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\" 4 stars, which I maintain, and I will read the remainder of the trilogy. But after \\"Redbreast\\", I think I will read Harry Hole`s stories first!
B003TJ4YU6|5.0|I'm enjoying this immensely! I also remember when it was aired and seeing it then! Thanx!
B000G73U5Y|3.0|This is a repackaging of \\"A Decade of Steely Dan\\" which I will keep because this reissue doesn't really do a Steely Dan collection much of any improvement.  It's great that they added \\"Dirty Work\\", however they happened to remove \\"East St. Louis Toodle-oo\\" which I kinda grew fond of.  But, the last two tracks they added to this collection? \\"Cousin Dupree\\" and \\"Things I Miss The Most.\\" I never heard these songs.<br /><br />If they wanted to add two more songs, why didn't they just add \\"Black Cow\\" and \\"Josie\\" instead?  Most everybody loves those two tracks, and I'm sure everyone would agree that an improvement to the \\"Decade of Steely Dan\\" collection would be to add \\"Dirty Work\\", \\"Black Cow\\", and \\"Josie\\".<br /><br />Their double best of release called \\"Showbiz Kids\\" did have all the essential Steely Dan tracks and more.  Much, much, more.  Actually, too much more.  So, I guess we are left to have to download and create our own \\"Essential Steely Dan Collection\\" since they don't want to bother to get it right for us.<br /><br />That seems to be what I always end up having to do.  Create my own CDR's of greatest hits collections.  No wonder the music business is hurting.
0316113506|5.0|Spark is one of the best books that I have read in the last decade.  It is inspirational to anyone who works in the therapy field, whether a PT, OT, Psychology, or Exercise Physiology, this book is a must read!  Also, everyone who has anything to do with children including PE teachers, principals, and reg/SPED teachers should be required to read this book.  It is fantastic.  To read more go to my business facebook page:  Centers of Development and click on Discussions tab an read a local magazine article I wrote regarding this book!
B003TVMIDO|4.0|This box set is for the serious Lennon fan: it contains all five of John's original solo albums (JOHN LENNON/PLASTIC ONO BAND (1970), IMAGINE (1971), MIND GAMES (1973), WALLS AND BRIDGES (1974), and ROCK 'N' ROLL (1975)), and his three joint albums with Yoko Ono (SOME TIME IN NEW YORK CITY (1972), DOUBLE FANTASY (1980), and the posthumously released MILK AND HONEY (1984).  Each album is in a digipak reflecting the original cover art, with new booklets containing complete lyrics (except for ROCK 'N' ROLL) and expanded liner notes.  The albums are the original mixes that appeared on the LPs, not the 2000-2005 remixes that appeared on the most recent reissues, and the original track listings are intact.  SOME TIME IN NEW YORK CITY also includes the complete LIVE JAM album, which was truncated for the single-disc 2005 release, perhaps because of legal problems with the Frank Zappa estate (Zappa was not happy with Lennon's mixes of his songs; years later, he issued his own mixes of the material on a compilation CD called PLAYGROUND PSYCHOTICS).<br /><br />The set also includes a CD of six of John's non-album singles (\\"Give Peace A Chance,\\" \\"Cold Turkey,\\" \\"Instant Karma (We All Shine On),\\" \\"Power To The People,\\" \\"Happy Xmas (War Is Over),\\" and the B-side \\"Move Over Ms. L.,\\" which last appeared on THE JOHN LENNON COLLECTION CD in 1990, as well as a CD of 13 previously unissued studio outtakes and home demos (it will be interesting to compare these tracks to THE JOHN LENNON ANTHOLOGY versions, if they exist).  NOTE:  They are interesting to hear.<br /><br />Also included are a hardback book titled YES with an Anthony DeCurtis essay and rare archival photos and artwork; an oversized \\"greeting card\\" with messages from Yoko, Sean, and Julian; and a framed Lennon art print called \\"Family Tree\\" that is stored in a pull-out drawer at the bottom of the box.<br /><br />I have not yet listened to all of the tracks, but what I have heard so far sounds excellent compared to the original CDs.  I'm anxious to compare each title to its remixed version; I will update this review as soon as that is done.<br /><br />Here are my comparisons of the 2010 CDs to to the earlier remixed versions, in order of personal preference:<br /><br />1) WALLS AND BRIDGES - My favorite album in JL's solo catalog.  A few songs, such as \\"#9 Dream\\" and \\"Going Down On Love,\\" sound better remixed, but most of the others sound better in the original versions.  EDGE: The 2010 version, slightly.<br /><br />2) MIND GAMES - EDGE:  The 2002 remix, although the 2010 version sounds better than the original 1987 CD.<br /><br />3) ROCK 'N' ROLL - EDGE:  The 2004 remix, by a mile, and the bonus tracks make it even better.<br /><br />4) DOUBLE FANTASY - This title was NOT remixed in 2000, only remastered, so the 2010 version sounds almost identical. EDGE:  The 2010 version, if you include DOUBLE FANTASY STRIPPED DOWN (the bonus tracks on the 2000 version don't add that much).<br /><br />5) MILK AND HONEY - Also not remixed in 2001.  EDGE:  The 2001 version, because of the bonus material.<br /><br />6) IMAGINE - EDGE:  The 2000 remixed version (slightly). No bonus tracks on either version.<br /><br />7) JOHN LENNON/PLASTIC ONO BAND:  Not one of my favorite albums.  EDGE: The 2000 remixed version (better sound, plus the 2 bonus tracks).<br /><br />And last but not least:<br /><br />8) SOME TIME IN NEW YORK CITY:  The weakest album in the whole Lennon-Ono canon - not just the radical politics, which seem dated, but the strident tone of the whole thing and the cacaphony of LIVE JAM.  The 2010 version does sound better than the 1990 original, although the new CD does have an indexing error:  the appropriately named LIVE JAM track \\"Scumbag\\" ends at 6:00 on the old CD, but at 4:27 on the new one.  This is not noticeable if you play the whole album, but if you program the next track (\\"Au\\") by itself, you get the last minute and a half of \\"Scumbag\\" on the new CD.<br /><br />On the 2005 remix, Yoko mercifully cut out the last two minutes of refrain from her \\"We're All Water,\\" shaved a few seconds off of \\"Don't Worry Kyoko\\" and \\"Well (Baby Please Don't Go)\\" from LIVE JAM, and eliminated the last 3 \\"songs\\":  \\"Jamrag,\\" \\"Scumbag,\\" and \\"Au\\" (possibly for legal reasons).  She also added the bonus tracks \\"Listen, The Snow Is Falling\\" and \\"Happy Xmas (War is Over).\\"  The addition of these 2 tracks seems to soften the stridency just a bit.<br /><br />I'm not a fan of either version of this album, but if you want the original version with all of LIVE JAM, buy the 2010 version.  If you don't care about missing part of LIVE JAM, get the 2005 version.<br /><br />If you want any of the remixed CDs, hurry up and get them now:  according to Beatles Examiner and other sources, once existing inventories are sold, the remixed CDs will be gone forever.<br /><br />I would have added \\"Do The Oz\\" to the Singles disc, as well as the three live tracks with Elton John from 1974 (\\"Whatever Gets You Thru The Night,\\" \\"Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds,\\" and \\"I Saw Her Standing There\\").  The only current CD that has all three of these tracks is Elton's HERE AND THERE.  I also would have added the unique single mixes of \\"Stand By Me\\" (with strings on the intro), \\"Love\\" (the 1982 single release with full volume intro), and the John-sung version of \\"Every Man Has A Woman Who Loves Him.\\"  One home demo that should have been included is the original version of \\"Free As A Bird,\\" so that fans could hear what the track sounded like before it got the BEATLES ANTHOLOGY treatment.  The other Threetles track, \\"Real Love,\\" was issued in its original form on THE JOHN LENNON ANTHOLOGY, although it may not be the same take.<br /><br />When I purchased this set, I thought that DOUBLE FANTASY - STRIPPED DOWN was included, but it was not; only the original version was in the set, so I had to purchase STRIPPED DOWN separately.  Perhaps STRIPPED DOWN will be deleted at some point, and the original remastered version will be the \\"core\\" release; I don't know.<br /><br />I'm hoping that the live material (LIVE PEACE IN TORONTO 1969, JOHN LENNON LIVE IN NEW YORK CITY, the Elton John set, other unissued live material, and the complete SALUTE TO SIR LEW GRADE TV special) will surface in a future set.  As for the \\"unfinished music\\" avant-garde trilogy (TWO VIRGINS, LIFE WITH THE LIONS, and WEDDING ALBUM), they were released by Rykodisc in 1997 along with eight of Yoko's solo albums; Yoko will likely repeat that release pattern in the future.<br /><br />Perhaps we will also get remastered versions of MENLOVE AVE. and the IMAGINE: JOHN LENNON soundtrack down the road, as well as a collection of the bonus tracks from the previous releases that were removed from the new versions.<br /><br />While not perfect, this set is a definite buy.  As for those who ask, \\"Why do we have to buy this stuff again?\\" - well, no one is forcing you to.
B002JCSRKC|5.0|I bought the size 6 yellow and I'm sometimes a size 7 or size 6 1/2 but it was on sale for $27 so i couldnt pass it up and it fits great and looks great. they are a little heavy to walk in, but what rain boot isnt.  the target ones have a tendency to rip and the croc ones are very longlasting
B003Y8YXH6|5.0|When I ordered THE JOHN LENNON SIGNATURE BOX from Amazon (along with POWER TO THE PEOPLE: THE HITS (CD/DVD) and the GIMME SOME TRUTH collection), I thought that DOUBLE FANTASY: STRIPPED DOWN would be included in the box. Unfortunately, I was wrong; the box only contains the original album.  So I purchased STRIPPED DOWN elsewhere, and I'm glad I did; Yoko and Jack Douglas did a fantastic re-creation of this classic work.  John and Yoko's voices are clearer and more expressive than ever, and you can hear a lot of things going on that are buried in the original mix.  Nevertheless, I haven't decided which one I like better; some songs are better stripped down, others in their original form.<br /><br />Perhaps Yoko will do a similar STRIPPED DOWN project for MILK AND HONEY.<br /><br />I've always thought that Yoko got a bum rap; she did not break up The Beatles (there were many other factors), and she also brought them back together for the Anthology with John's demos for \\"Free As A Bird\\" and \\"Real Love.\\"  As for her music, while the \\"ai-yi-yi-yi\\" material from her early days may be a bit much to listen to, she is a serious classically trained musician who has produced many fine records over the years.  In addition to DOUBLE FANTASY and MILK AND HONEY, check out some of her early B-sides (e.g., \\"Remember Love,\\" \\"Who Has Seen The Wind?,\\" and \\"Listen, The Snow Is Falling\\"), her albums APPROXIMATELY INFINITE UNIVERSE, FEELING THE SPACE, A STORY, SEASON OF GLASS, IT'S ALRIGHT (I SEE RAINBOWS), STARPEACE, RISING, RISING MIXES, BLUEPRINT FOR A SUNRISE, her dance remixes, and her current CD, BETWEEN MY HEAD AND THE SKY, plus the new TAKE ME TO THE LAND OF HELL.  Not every song on these albums is good, but there are a lot of fine selections herein.  Listen and discover for yourself.
0312600844|3.0|Jonathan Franzen does know how to tell a story, but I still can't decide if it's one I'm glad to read.  I read The Corrections and found his description of the character with dementia amazing; most of the rest I either didn't care about or disliked.....I skimmed through whole sections.  This time I read the book, every page of it, and although I didn't hate any of the characters--okay maybe Jenna--I didn't actually like any of them very much.  Through all the highs and lows of this novel, nothing touched me at the heart.  And with more than 600 pages, there was plenty of time and opportunity.  And I'm just wondering why the need for bowel movements to be an ongoing part of the plot.  Or maybe it's just a guy thing.
1439156816|5.0|If I'm being honest, I have to confess that I've never read one of Stephen King's novels. Having said that, there is no mistake that the man is one of the best selling authors of all time, a true success.<br />I really, really enjoyed reading 'On Writing.' It was funny, enjoyable, educational, and interesting. Who better to seek advice on writing from than Stephen King.<br />Great book, even if you're not looking to become a writer.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|First of all, the packaging is wonderful. All of the discs fit nicely into one DVD \\"book\\" that's about the width of two normal DVD cases. Each DVD has a couple different characters printed on them. So it all looks really nice, like someone took the time to make this package presentable. My girlfriend has the Gilmore Girls Boxed set and the packaging is tacky/gross/sloppy. Daria's is well put together and looks clean. I also have The Maxx complete series, and its obvious that it was just slapped together to make a quick buck. No liner notes, no nothing. Just a disc in a case. So, that why I had to make a big deal about the Daria packaging. It looks really nice, and someone obviously put some thought into it. (Oh did I mention I''m a designer? I pay attention to these sorts of things.)    The Menus:   The menus are also well made. The \\"La-la-la-la-la\\"s play in the background and everything in the menu is done in the Daria style, right down to the text. It all looks amazing.     The Episodes: Every single episode is still funny, clever, well drawn, awkward... Its like being in high school in the '90s all over again. The clothes, the technology, the social commentary. It's all there.  The only thing missing, which you probably already know, is the music. Like the State, the Daria people couldn't get the rights to the songs they used in the originally aired episodes. You won't hear Rage Against the Machine, Garbage and Reel Big Fish. However, the production people did a really good job of putting very similar , in instrumentation and tone, instrumental sound bites in their place. Every now and then you'll think, \\"Is that Portishead/Cyprus Hill/Smashing Pumpkins?\\" Will you miss the original songs of your misspent youth? Yes. Are the episodes just as awesome with the replacement music, absolutely.    I would definitely recommend this to anyone who grew up in the 90s. In fact I've already been recommending it to some friends who apparently grew up under a rock, and have never heard of this show. Get it. You will enjoy it. Every episode.
031237593X|3.0|I got the sample on my Kindle.  When I went back to buy the book a few days later, it was no longer available.  Does anyone know what happened?
076781326X|4.0|This is an old classic that I love.  I was very happy to find it on Amazon.  Great musical.
B003ZK58WM|1.0|This is my first review and it is really an anti-review.  I just had to add my comments about the price.  I love Ken Follett, and I love my Kindle, but I will never pay more for an e-book than the hard back costs!  In fact, it already kills me to pay $14.95 for the new releases!  I always figured that the Kindle price was a bargain because, eventually, you recover the purchase price back in savings on the e-books.  However, if the trend is goind to be for e-books to cost the same as bound books, then I am going to stop trying to talk all of my friends into buying Kindles.  I will not purchase one for my mom for Christmas and I may stop using mine.  It is outragious that we should be charged more for an e-book, which requires a small fraction of the production costs, than a hard bound version.  Amazon - please work with the publishers to STOP THIS MADNESS!
B002JVWRAO|5.0|As with the other seasons of Supernatural, season five does not disappoint!  It picks up immediately where season four left off but you can still follow the story line if you haven't seen previous seasons.  Some new characters are introduced and some of the old favorites return.  The are some twists and turns not anticipated which keeps the series fresh.
B000R8YC1S|5.0|i loved this movie when i was a kid & has been years since i have watched it so was very excited to buy this dvd!!!
B000EXDS5M|5.0|The train robberies and the chase scene are classics.  What can I say Redford and Newman? Most of the movie is tongue firmly in cheek.  5 popcorn bags with plenty of real butter.
B000W10FWU|4.0|I have a 360 so while the HD-DVD format might be dead it's nice to get a cheap good movie with hi-def quality.
0316098337|5.0|I love this novel.  Who would have thought that an author could so successfully employ the voice of a 5 year old to deliver such emotional power, philosophical challenge, social commentary and biting (at times, hilarious) satire, and then wrap up in such a gripping and moving story?    Strangely, though, we probably won't be seeing \\"Room: A Novel\\" on the Puffy-Hair Woman's Book Club....unless, I suppose, the Puffy-Hair Woman determines that the whole story -- the shocking detail -- really is breastfeeding.
B0040Z9H5K|3.0|*update 6-21-2016*<br /><br />I bought the 3 disc Blu-Ray/DVD combo thinking that the digital copy would be from Amazon or some other retailer, but it's not. It's a disc that you insert, and then you go to a website (Columbia House I think?) and try to redeem it. The only issue is that they no longer have Iron Man 2 as a choice...so if you want a digital copy, just save yourself the hassle and just buy the Amazon VOD version. At least you'll get it on Disney Movies Anywhere and play it from basically any streaming device.<br /><br />-----<br />Original Review:<br /><br />I was a huge fan of the first Iron Man movie, and could not wait for the sequel. Having rented Iron Man 2 at Amazon VOD, I was surprised at how little action there was, when compared to the first movie. The majority of the action takes place in the last quarter of the movie.<br /><br />Now don't misunderstand me, this was a good movie and a good sequel, but I don't feel that it was better than the original. Some of the side stories were interesting, but this movie felt more like a setup for the Avengers movie. Scarlett Johansson was pretty good as The Black Widow, and Don Cheadle was a suitable replacement for Terrence Howard, though I would have preferred that Favreau swallowed his pride and kept the original cast in place for the sequel. Unfortunately Mickey Rourke didn't receive enough screen time in my opinion.<br /><br />All in all the movie was a 3.5-4.0, compared to my 5 star rating for Iron Man. It was a good movie, but Favreau could have done better.
B003DKJ5ZU|5.0|This is a superb dvd/blu-ray combo that plays well both on a regular dvd player as well as a blu-ray player. The story is great for kids and it was entertaining enough for me.     I first played the regular dvd on a dvd player attached to a HD television. It looked like I was watching the movie on a blu-ray player.  The quality was surprising considering I was using a regular dvd player.    I then played the blu-ray on my friend's blu-ray player that is attached to a HD television and watched the movie with his family. The picture quality was amazing.    The story is great for young children. Since the story focuses on Tinker Bell and a girl named Lizzie I think older girls will like it much better than older boys. I found the movie entertaining enough considering its' target audience is likely young children and older girls. I did have fun watching my friend's children's excitement during different parts of the movie.    The Disney extras are great. Unlike some dvd/blu-ray combinations I have seen in the past the dvd and blu-ray both had great extras. I have seen some combos that have great extras on the blu-ray and little on the dvd. Here they are equal.      This is another superb Disney movie for children.
0743270754|5.0|I have recently fallen in love with books about President Lincoln.  Before reading Team of Rivals, I read David Herbert Donald's Lincoln biography - simply called Lincoln - and was mesmerized by what I discovered about Lincoln's life.  That being said, Goodwin's biography of Lincoln, though not as devoted to Lincoln's early life, raises this feeling of mesmerization to a higher degree.  Goodwin's book has given me a sober appreciation and new understanding for why Lincoln has been dubbed by most as our greatest President.  I think that anyone who works in a leadership capacity should read this book and reflect on how Lincoln's patience, intuition, confidence, and his innate ability to see situations through to the other side when his colleagues did not made him perhaps the greatest negotiator the country has ever known.  Though the book is a whopping 750 pages, Goodwin's narrative style actually allows the book to move at a swift pace.  This pace is enhanced by her alternating between the personal accounts of letters from Lincoln's rivals - Seward, Chase, and Bates - and their families.    [[ASIN:0743270754 Team of Rivals: The Political Genius of Abraham Lincoln]]
B002RWKSII|3.0|The LP is well done.  The \\"Beach Boy\\" harmony twist on the tunes was very good.  It would have been awesome if the tunes were ones I was more familiar with.  Still a Brian Wilson fan!
B00335EQ0E|5.0|My 5-yr-old gets scared by most Disney movies, but other than the Queen of Hearts who yells a lot, there isn't anything that can scare a small child in this one.  This was one of my favorites as a child, so it's nice to see my kids enjoying it as well.
0525951652|1.0|It is absolutely ridiculous when publishers charge this kind of price for the electronic version!  Heck you can buy it brand new in hardback here on Amazon for less money!    I'd like to read it but I'll wait for a good used price or maybe even a bargain special at brick and mortar store years down the road.  I'm in no hurry, I have plenty of other books to read.
0525951652|1.0|If I did not know better, I would not believe that the same author who wrote World Without End and Pillars of the Earth, wrote this book.  It was horrible, no real story, just war, war, war!  There was never enough time spent with any one character to make a connection.  Awful book.  I do not look forward to the sequel.
0307266303|5.0|This book was recommend to me by a swimmer no less. I am a 54 year old getting back in touch with my running roots. I was very concerned about injuries, stamina and just getting going. This book inspired to me to train and look at running just for the sake of running. I am now running marathons and 1/2 marathons with less trepidation and more inspiration. You will not regret it!
B001HNE3NO|5.0|I loved the structure of this book. Perfect for the story that was told. The chapters alternated between Paris 2002 and Paris 1942. The 2002 story was told by Julia Jarmond, an American journalist living in France, married to a French man. The 1942 story was told by a ten year-old Jewish girl ousted from home and separated from her family. Julia's daughter Zo, is eleven.<br /><br />The two stories seemed unconnected at first, but the reader knew something would bring them together somehow. And it did. The young Jewish girl searches for safety and for her family. Julia searches for happiness, and eventually, she searches for the girl who would be in her seventies.<br /><br />When the stories cross each other, the story of the little girl stops. The reader is left wondering what happened to her. As a Kindle reader, I can tell you this happened at the 57 percent read mark.<br /><br />It is a work of fiction, but the events that happened in France during the 1942 time are based on facts. While this roundup of Jewish people by French police is described, it does not turn the book into a documentary. It remains an interesting story about the people affected by the event.<br /><br />There is much more I would like to tell you about the story, but I don't want you to miss out on the surprises to come.
B002SAUCBC|2.0|I knew the premise of this story before I read it, and my disappointment does not stem from that fact.  The first 3/4 of the book was great.  King does his normally fantastic job of developing the characters, giving you incredible insight into who they are.  He also dropped many tidbits of information that gets you thinking about side stories (was this an alternate time dimension, etc.)<br /><br />Unfortunately, the last 1/4 of the book doesn't hold up well.  Main characters are killed off almost unceremoniously.  I expected DeVries to be the 99th one to buy a ticket, but he was dispatched much earlier.  The end of the story came so suddenly, I had to go back and see who #99 was.  The story Olson (?) told of the end of the walk he witnessed was far better than the end King gave us.  I don't mind being left wanting more, but I was left wanting a real ending.  Not King's best work.<br /><br />A comment about the Kindle edition -- there were extra spaces sprinkled throughout the entire text, which I found annoying and, quite frankly, unacceptable.  Seriously, how hard can it be to fix things like that?  A simple spell-check of the raw document would have turned up most of those errors.  This was my first Kindle ebook and, sadly, I'm disappointed in the quality.
B003HTPHSQ|5.0|At first listening I didn't like this recordning. I'm glad I gave it another chance! This record is just growing on me and I really think Cyndi's voice is perfect for singing the blues. And what a genuine blues sound they put together in that studio in Mephis! Perfect genre for the incedible voice of Cyndi!
B002ZG977Y|5.0|Since the many other reviews addressed the drama of the film, I will address another question. The clash between the gods and the humans, according to this film, was caused by the gods noticing that the humans stopped praying to them. The gods created the humans so that they would pray to them, and they need the prayers. The prayers make them stonger.<br /><br />The pagans offered many reasons why the gods created humans. One, for example, was that they needed slave labor. But this tale says that the gods needed prayers. What do we think today? Does God need prayers?<br /><br />Most people today would reject this notion. God, they would say, is perfect and needs nothing. Then why pray? Prayer, they say, helps humans in various ways.<br /><br />Yet, people will be surprised to learn that not only some ancient pagans thought that God needs prayers, but there were and are Christians, Muslim, and Jews that thought and think so as well.
0061537969|5.0|If you are a dog lover you will love this book!  Even if you aren't a dog lover you will love this book.  If you are a race fan you will love this book.  This is one of the best books I've ever read.  It has everything: love, joy, heartbreak, betrayal, exhilaration, anger.  I read it as fast as I could, then gave it to my husband who stayed up until 1am to finish it.  Great book.
B003DKJ5ZU|4.0|My daughter and wife loved the movie.  The picture quality being a blu-ray is absolutely first class.  The animation is first class.  Sound quality is also great.  I'd recommend for children (girls) under 12.
B003DKJ5ZU|5.0|My daughter just loves the Tinkerbell movies.  I've purchased all of them so far and this one is her favorite.  We can't wait until the next one comes out.  I recommend this for everyone, I just loved it.
0393312836|5.0|*SPOILERS*  I took this vesche out from our Public Biblio, and oh my brothers, was I not disappointed.  In this we learn of the like sad and weepy jeezney of young Alex: in the beginning of the story, we viddy the life of all happiness and joy which he has with his droogs.  All the vesches he commits with his worthy droogs are like govoreeted in the first person, so you get the full effect of being one of the gang and stealing and tolchoking and slurping white moloko and slooshying lovely Ludwig van.  But alas, poor Alex is betrayed by his droogs, and gets caught all on his oddy-knocky for a crime they commited.  He gets sent to a prison where it's all like boo-hoo boo-hoo and no more listening to Ludwig van, oh my brothers.  Then our poor narrator gets out, only to be treated to the terrible Ludovico vesche.  They give him the hypo and force him to viddy films, terrible vonny bits of ultraviolence.  And he gets sick from the needle but he like associates it with the gratchny films they're forcing on his young innocent weepy glazzies.  Our poor droogie Alex is set free, but violate can he not, for he has been conditioned--now he feels the needles when he viddies anything like in the films.  Depending on which version of this story you get, our droog will either be doomed or saved in the end...
0393075966|5.0|Simply excellent. Stiglitz does well to give an in-depth analysis of policies that got us into Freefall, and the ones that are trying to get us out, as well as offers many specific answers of his own. On top of that, he makes it fairly easy to comprehend, and it is not hard to keep turning the pages. If you want to learn about what got us into the recession, and how to speed up the recovery, Freefall should certainly be on the top of your list.
B001G8XON0|5.0|Why do I like this so much? It's not at all the kind of movie I usually go for... but it's a real fun romp.
0451529308|5.0|This book is without a doubt one of my all-time favorites, and I have read it over and over without tiring of it.  I am a teacher and just ordered several copies to share with some of the students in my class who are avid readers and will love the storyline.  It's filled with moments of joy and sorrow, and by the end of the book you almost feel as if you are a part of the March family. A MUST-read!
B001F0VHEM|4.0|I am not a big rock fan. I like some rock but I mostly like Country. I heard the song \\"So What\\" and had to have this album. This album has turned me into a P!nk fan. I know all the songs by heart and have two albums by Pink. This is a good album. I wish i would have found her sooner!!
B00000FCBC|5.0|I love this album. I espically like  \\"Am I Evil\\". It used to be on  \\"Kill'em All\\". But they tranfered it to \\"Garage Day's when they created that album.    I could keep on going on...
B002JVWRAO|5.0|With how great the ending to Season 5 was I am almost hesitant to accept Season 6.  The season has its up and downs, some memorable characters and character development, and some great hilarious moments (killing Paris Hilton, or Sam as the Impala Kitt for example...).  Definitely worth the buy.
B003NWS5AO|2.0|I've listened to this several times since I received it. I just don't like it.   Don't know what I was expecting but it wasn't this. The voice is there but the songs aren't. Robert needs to get his head out of his a__ and do a tour with Led Zeppelin while there's still time.
B003TJ4YU6|4.0|Since I was in England when these shows were recorded, it was interesting to me to see what the full shows looked like. I'd seen the performances of The Beatles many times, but not the context in which they were set. There were several things that were surprising to me.    First, I hadn't realised how minimal the staging was. Not only were there no fancy sets, there were hardly any sets at all. Most of the acts just came out and performed in front of curtains. Coupled with that was the low-key nature of the presentation, exemplified by the style of Mr. Sullivan himself. These days it seems that presenters don't feel that they've done their job unless they scream their introductions. Ed Sullivan simply said a few words and then allowed the acts to speak for themselves.    Second, an area which has improved considerably is the lighting of the stage. Evidently at that time lights were very bright and very hot, with the result that the performers were visibly drenched in sweat after the first couple of minutes. Paul was glistening like a marathon runner and poor Mitzi Gaynor was actually dripping. I found it quite distracting, as obviously did Ms. Gaynor.    Third, if indeed these are the full shows, I was surprised by how limited the commercial interruptions were. There was generally only one or at the most two advertisements between each act and The Beatles and Mitzi Gaynor, as the biggest stars on view, were able to perform several numbers without commercial interruptions. The commercials themselves were rather endearing in their earnestness, striving to show what good quality the products were. Only cosmetics and medical products appear to have that as their primary objective now, most of the others being either humorous or appealing to the desire for status.    I'm not a believer that everything was better in the good old days, and a program like this would have to be considerably reworked to get any kind of an audience now. However, it is commendable that these shows are still available to allow people like myself to see what America was watching in 1964. The British TV companies, alas, didn't do nearly as good a job at retaining archival material and much of what was broadcast in Britain at that time has been lost forever.    Well worth purchasing for fans of The Beatles, Ed Sullivan and the early 1960s period.
B000002JNJ|5.0|Their best work next to \\"Vulgar display of power\\". Not as heavy, but great music.
B000002H2H|5.0|I love this album. Especally \\"Fade To Black, and Creeping Death\\".   But the whole album is GREAT.                  THANKS                                METALLICA
B002QB1910|1.0|Two words:\\" Utter catastrophe\\"... When she first came out, I really thought she had potential. However,with each cd it seems that she is schreeching the same one bad note over and over again. Then, what is it with the cursing all over the place? I don't get her point on this one...  She has gone from decent to disappointing, to bad, to outright garbage.. which is EXACTLY  where this cd belongs.
B000VNMMQG|5.0|Do you want to reawaken your faith in the human race? Or perhaps be inspired to be a better citizen? Or just enjoy wonderful acting and sweeping cinematography? This movie is for you. It's my official favorite movie of all time.
0812973992|5.0|This book was used in anthropology class that I am enrolled in. I had no prior knowledge of it, but having read the entire book I enthusiastically recommend it to all readers interested in a gritty telling of urban life.
B002ZG9968|5.0|This movie was wonderful, so sweet and so funny.  The combination of these two very talented people Alex O'Loughlin and Jennifer Lopez was incredible.  Both Alex and Jennifer added so much to this movie and their performance left you feeling so good.  I would recommend this movie to anyone - this movie is a must see!!!!
B001FB4W0W|5.0|Item came exactly how it was described and I received it quicker than I thought I wouldl
B0036EH3X4|4.0|Season Six was excellent and kept you on the edge of your seat. A fantastic rollercoaster ride until the end.. Which in my opinion was a cop out by the writers. Chances are if you're purchasing the BD you've seen it and know what your getting into. The discs are excellent with great sound and picture. Most importantly the set includes a mini epilouge \\"The new man in charge\\" while this may not completely satiate your thirst for more information, I thought it was done well and answered a few of the many lingering questions. If you're a fan of the series who wants to complete your collection then go for it.
B0002NRRAG|5.0|She is awesome in concert.  Saw her in Colorado Spgs.  Can' wait to see her again.  This CD is great for romantic dinnners.
B000089RVX|5.0|Amy Lee proved herself on this album! It is so grat and tender and emotional that maked people feel the songs. It is an absolutely amazing album and I personally think that there is no rubbish song in this album.(whick I usually think that there is at least 1 bad song)      WAY TO GO EVANESCENCE, WAY TO GO AMY LEE!!!
B00427X9WI|4.0|Title: Eat, Pray, Love<br />Director: Ryan Murphy<br />Writer: Ryan Murphy, Jennifer Salt (Based on the Memoir by Elizabeth Gilbert)<br />Cast: Julia Roberts, Javier Bardem, James Franco, Viola Davis, Richard Jenkins, Billy Crudup, Tuva Novotny<br />Year: 2010<br /><br />A memoir is the exact opposite of a screenplay. A memoir is full of inner monologue, emotion, endless stories that take place over a great amount of time and it's all told in a first person narrative. A screenplay has to be short, concise, pure dialogue and contain very little obvious emotion (thats for the actors to interpret). So when a memoir is chosen to be adapted into a feature film it's quite the challenge. You have to stay true to the events and the person telling them but you also have to work within the constraints that a feature film demands. This is what writer/director Ryan Murphy ([[ASIN:B000M5B98A Running With Scissors]], TV's [[ASIN:B0032JTV6U Glee: The Complete First Season]]) was faced with on his film \\"Eat, Pray, Love.\\"<br /><br />Elizabeth Gilbert's classic memoir of self discovery, spirituality and love by traveling to Italy, India and Bali is a wonderful book full of wit, wisdom and meaning that can be appreciated by anyone; though only about 2/3s of that is translated to film. In any adaptation, whether it be novel, comic or memoir, there is one thing that I personally want to see faithfully portrayed: the themes (think Marry Harron's adaptation of Bret Easton Ellis' [[ASIN:B0009A40ES American Psycho (Uncut Killer Collector's Edition)]]). Of course there are going to be adjustments to the narrative and characters due to the difference of artistic mediums, but thankfully Murphy pulls it off with his film. He is able to find the right balance of addition and subtraction to properly honor the source material yet also create a satisfying stand alone film.<br /><br />The film beings with Liz (Julia Roberts, [[ASIN:B00003CXFV Erin Brockovich]]) struggling with her unfulfilled life and loveless marriage to Stephen (Billy Crudup, [[ASIN:B0029NY9YO Watchmen (Theatrical Cut) (Widescreen Single-Disc Edition)]]). Divorce proceeds and so does a rocky rebound relationship with David (James Franco, [[ASIN:B001QUF3SW Milk]]). Living an aimless life without passion and against the better judgment of her best friend Delia (Viola Davis, [[ASIN:B001PA0FFO Doubt]]), Liz embarks on a round the world journey to reconnect with pleasure (eat), her spirituality (pray) and self esteem (love). Along the way she meets many 'the wise stranger' (Richard Jenkins, [[ASIN:B0015OKWKI The Visitor]]; Javier Bardem, [[ASIN:B00118T63C No Country for Old Men]]) and visits some of the most beautiful places on earth.<br /><br />Sure, this may sound like a seriously sappy and contrived film, but in all honesty, it's not. Murphy never lets the film dip into melodrama and handles his story with a smooth, confident hand. While he could have taken some of the more edgier parts of the book (ex: Liz's severe depression) to the screen, the movie ends up being cleaner and crisper and all the more fun without it. The picture is meant to inspire the audience to have fun, to connect and to live life, if the darker issues were included the message could have missed the mark. Murphy accomplishes this sense of euphoria visually and ascetically with the help of master cinematographer Robert Richardson ([[ASIN:B002T9H2LA Inglourious Basterds (Single-Disc Edition)]]). The shots of Italy, India, Bali, and heck, even New York, are so georgous that if you can't afford to take a vacation this year, a ticket to Eat, Pray, Love will do the trick.<br /><br />What ties the film together is, of course, the luminous Roberts. She is, of course, a bon a fide movie star and this material is something that she can easily use to showcase her talents. She is backed by a terrific and believable supporting cast of Hollywood stars and native Italians, Indians and Balinese actors- all equally great.<br /><br />\\"Eat,Pray, Love\\" may not be a groundbreaking motion picture, but it's certainly a film that is enjoyable. It engages you emotionally and to me, that is the first and most important thing I look for in any film. It might not be the most faithful adaptation fans of the book were hoping for (and how could it have been?), but on it's own it's a picture with an easy charm and it's a harmless way to spend two and a half hours.<br /><br />Rating: Bit's certainly a film that is enjoyable. It engages you emotionally and to me, that is the first and most important thing I look for in any film. It might not be the most faithful adaptation fans of the book were hoping for (and how could it have been?), but on it's own it's a picture with an easy charm and it's a harmless way to spend two and a half hours.     Rating: B
1594481784|5.0|I decided to read High Fidelity after seeing the film (like so many others) and reading Hornby's short story \\"Nipple Jesus.\\"  The story was excellent and I wanted to see what the man could do with a novel.  While NJ was more profound than HF, HF was much more entertaining.  Hornby has a certain conciseness of style that manages to fit one scene into a couple of pages, which means that you're finished with the book before you know it.  This is one of the hallmarks of popular fiction (don't let your reader go!), but I found it nice because I could easily pick it up and put it down on my lunch break.<br /><br />So what about the content in those numerous two-page scenes?  On the one hand, there isn't a lot of depth to the characters (Rob excepted) and the writing is nothing to get excited over; subtle implications and crux-like situations are wholly absent.  For example, one might ask themselves what the frame narrative of this story is--is Rob writing this down?  Speaking into a recorder?  Thinking to himself?  HF seems to be unaware that a frame narrative might heighten the sense of verisimilitude, but the story really doesn't lose any of its charm by not attempting to be uber-literary.  In many ways, Hornby knew exactly the kind of book he was writing and he wrote it well.<br /><br />On the other hand, I would say that this book could, does, and will have profound meaning for particular individuals.  I think that, read at the proper time, High Fidelity could positively alter the course of some young person's life--simply because it has much to say about the enigma that is human attraction.  For being a popular novel, High Fidelity does not have the ending one would expect.  Hornby respects his audience enough to not patronize us with some overcooked rom-com slop and instead we get something a bit dirtier, a bit more honest and quite a bit more realistic.  And besides--it's funny as hell.  I highly recommend it.
B0032UYFA6|4.0|I watched it until Comcast ripped the channel away.  I got rid of cable so I now have to buy or rent these.  Thanks for keeping me up on what is happening.  I can hardly believe we are headed for a 4th season.  Sopranos again.
B001KEGRCA|4.0|Beautiful photography, worth the price, but watch out for the \\"greenie\\" messages, especially toward the end.<br />Actually too short for such a great subject.<br />Would be weary of buying from this director in the future because of the environmental messages in the naration.
0374158460|2.0|I looked forward to reading Freedom with much anticipation; I had heard Franzen's eloquent interview on NPR, I had greatly enjoyed The Corrections, and I was impressed by the accolades the novel received. The first two chapters (which I'd read earlier in The New Yorker) are terrific--compelling and well-written. Alas, the remainder of the novel needed serious editing. It's over-long, abounds with characters who become tiresome, and is filled with sloppy language.    It IS possible to write a novel about contemporary life, and about any strata of society, that contains graceful , controlled language, viz. the works of Colm Toibin, Ian McEwan or Philip Roth. And it IS possible to write about middle-brow folks who enjoy a spiritual/imaginative dimension to their life. Again, I invoke the aforementioned authors.... Why, for example, are there no passages in Freedom in which Walter actually observes the warbler and is moved by its delicate beauty? Why don't we feel Richard's passion for music more fully?    And although I love \\"happy endings,\\" the conclusion to this book ties up the characters' lives a bit too tidily and happily.    Although Myer's review in The Atlantic is overly rabid, I agree with his contentions about the language and characters in Freedom.
0143118420|3.0|This book hits the zeitgeist swamping publishing these days - books about ghosts, otherness, spirituality. The writing is excellent and keeps you glued to the page but the content is dire - me, me, me. This is not an intelligent book. Three countries and not the least interest in the economics, politics or infrastructure of any of them. Just soul-searching which could have taken place with a guru group in New York State. In the first part, Eat, I thought when will you get to the point; skip, skip, skip to the second part, slightly more absorbing, and then limp on to the last part to find there is no point - well she gets her man. No wonder the film is a flop.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|This final book in the Twilight saga was excellent. I would love to continue to follow the characters in the next phase of their lives. Unfortunately, that does not seem possible from the author.  Too bad...the adventures could have been fun!  Do not stop reading the Twilight series without reading this final installment...and enjoy!
B00127RAJY|5.0|I just completed my first 30 Day Shred Workout at Level 1 and loved it! I am a 22 year old female student, 5'4, and 130 pounds. I live a pretty active lifestyle-I live in an urban area, so I walk and bike everywhere. My personal goals are to gain muscle mass, maintain my weight, and keep my heart healthy.  Normally I do not use fitness videos because they are too easy for me in terms of cardio/strength, and they sometimes have movements that require ridiculous amounts of coordination, which I do not have. However, this video is challenging, concise, and doable!      Jillian Michaels utilizes basic, effective strength moves and mixes in bursts of simple cardio moves. The cardio, at least for level 1, consists of a lot of jumping. While this may not be the best for people with knee problems, or people who are significantly overweight, it is a fantastic way to get one's heart rate up in the comfort of home and without fancy equipment! In addition, high impact activities are great for increasing bone density, which is especially important for young females like myself. Between sets there is hardly any downtime, and this makes the workout fly by. Beyond the exercises themselves, I enjoy Jillian's genuine attitude. She isn't overly peppy and annoying, and she is realistic about the amount of work it takes to lose and maintain weight.       If you like working out at home and are serious about getting fit, but you have a hectic schedule, I highly recommend this video!    Update: These are my favorite at-home workouts by far. I do them about 3-4 times per week. In particular, I've noticed my shoulders and chest are more toned!
0743487486|5.0|Our daughter's psychologist recommended this as a way of coping with a kid who may just be wired differently when it comes to how they see the world and what control they try to have over it. After reading the book a few weeks ago, we've already been able to implement some of the thoughts behind it. First off, you have to be either fairly open-minded to accept what the book has to say (or perhaps so much so at wit's end that you'll take any relief). The first 5 chapters or so are tough to handle because it essentially deconstructs what most of us consider parenting. As the chapters go on, you'll be surprised at how much of it can make sense. The remaining chapters build up techniques and ideas that you can actually use in real life.<br /><br />I liked this book so much after reading it at the library that I purchased it from Amazon so that I could highlight passages that mattered to me. I even ended up taking notes from the book so that I always have a cheat-sheet handy. Some of the premises can be pretty radical, but no one is saying you have to adopt all of it, it's just a matter of respecting another human being (in this case, your kids) and allowing them to have some choices. For example, the main premise is that traditional parenting is conditional -- do something right and you'll get love (and attention) from a parent. Instead, author Alfie Kohn turns the thought around to say that we should always offer love, even when we're tempted to withhold it. As such, get ready to read about stopping punishing, spanking, and time-outs. Instead, the book keeps the reader from worrying about being over-permissive and instead concentrates how to build self-esteem in children without offering false praise (well, really much in the way of praise in general) or even grades (which are just a form of judgment) but instead making observations that keep the child interested in learning or whatever it was they were doing for the praise.<br /><br />I actually think that the book is applicable to human behavior in general, and apparently the author has explored this beyond the topics covered in this book. Still, I've thought about how to apply some of his thinking within the workplace. For example, by offering praise to my staff am I just creating praise junkies, or is there a way I can truly recognize what they are doing and by doing so, keep them from being self-conscious about rewards or punishment and instead continue to be creative? It's all good stuff and even if you don't buy into it all, I think there's some eye-opening thought provocation for every parent in here. Like I said, it's starting to make our household more peaceful and I feel better about the type of parent I am for having read it.uman behavior in general, and apparently the author has explored this beyond the topics covered in this book. Still, I've thought about how to apply some of his thinking within the workplace. For example, by offering praise to my staff am I just creating praise junkies, or is there a way I can truly recognize what they are doing and by doing so, keep them from being self-conscious about rewards or punishment and instead continue to be creative? It's all good stuff and even if you don't buy into it all, I think there's some eye-opening thought provocation for every parent in here. Like I said, it's starting to make our household more peaceful and I feel better about the type of parent I am for having read it.
0375836675|5.0|Expect to be surprised with this profound YA novel. What makes this novel so extraordinary is that the writing is simplistic, yet the author weaves a complicated tale that will keep you wondering until the very last page. This is one of those novels you will appreciate keeping in your library so that you can go back and read it again from cover to cover or even just the last chapter. Brilliant!
0767802624|5.0|This just a good movie, it's funny and the whol family will like this movie.
B000BTJDGC|5.0|I don't scare easily.  When I was thirteen, I would walk to the video store right after it got dark and I would rent a few scary movies.  Then, I would go into my bedroom, turn off the lights and watch them by myself.  For the most part, my imagination can conjure up scarier things than anyone has put in movie or book.  I must admit though that The Exorcism of Emily Rosefreaked the crap out of me!  I know that part of that is because it is a true story.  I know that demons can possess a person and to me that is the scariest thing that could ever happen to someone.  If you watch this movie, I hope you are prepared to be terrified.
B000002KAT|5.0|simple. this is a perfect album.  very few albums come even close.  I can name 3 or 4     this is better than all of them.   it must be listened to over and over again - in various emotional and sober (or not) states.
0786955554|4.0|Okay, I like this set, but like others I wanted more tiles.  That said, the best thing about this particular set is the box.  Have you ever had a room with a 5 foot ledge, followed by another ledge that's 5 feet higher than that?  Turn the bottom of the box over and set it down.  Now set the top of the box up, right side up.  Now set this in the middle of your Chessex battle mat, add the summoning circles, the water, stairs up the center and a throne at the top.  Now put your minis in and attack the party with an extra helping of box text.  Like others, this is largely a reprint of tiles I owned some of.  Unlike others, I don't care.  The tiles wipe off with dry and wet erase, go back in the box for easy transportation and are mildly water proof so they can go on top when I'm transporting them from car to location if I'm moving.  There are several iconic items, but the rest I draw.  They add some spice and for the discount, they make an excellent addition.
B001F7XIJW|5.0|Really original and technical metal. I can't really compare these guys to anyone. They just flat out rip. It's great to see bands like Gojira that have an original and unique sound. I'll be getting their other cds for sure!
B001FB4W0W|5.0|Great collection! I was only a Twilight fan at first but then heard of the True Blood series & now I'm most definitely addicted to this show! It's got sex, drugs, vampires and other \\"abnormals\\"...I love it! Can't say enough  About it!
B000YI7MRM|5.0|This is one of my favorite films. I love the way it was made to resemble Diego de Velasquez' paintings, with its vivid ciaroscuro, strategic positioning of the bodies in each frame, and a lot of drapery and textiles that you can actually discren from one another be it leather, silk, or parchment.<br /><br />Action content is sufficient and not boring. We can see fencing as it was during that century, a bloody ordeal - far from sport. In particular i really enjoyed a show in the use of the left-hand dagger, or the gauche which greatly empowers the fighter. Needless to say, El Capitan is a master fencer with hands on experience...almost or as good as his arch-foe - a Sicilian...<br /><br />This is a film filled with emotions, in part due to a great play of the actors involved in its making. In short: idea of love for the rich and the poor greatly differs, while our hero is neither - he seems to be in the category of his own, a conquistador, which allows him to mingle in different strata of his society from top to the very bottom. A woman who has his unquestionable love, is an actress, who unwittingly (but surely) betrays him. That nevertheless does not change Captain's feelings even a bit - in fact he keeps loving her till (her) bitter decay, which is by the way i think one of the most touching scenes in the movie.<br /><br />Through vivid scenery and true-to-life representation of the time epoch, this film conveys a very positive message. That of love transcendence, but not peace, which is only possible when the Uninvited Guest conquers it all.
0553378384|4.0|Overall, I liked this book. It is clear, easy to follow and well put together. You know exactly what you are getting, what you are looking for, and where to find it. The opposite of Elizabeth Spring's North Node Astrology book which is good for it's psychological approach, but takes 165 pages to get to the discussions of the North Node.     Each section in Spiller's book contains an overview, attributes to develop, tendencies to leave behind, the achilles heel or trap to avoid, what people with this North Node really want, talents/profession, healing affirmations, personality, needs, relationships, goals, and a healing theme song. Every sign gets about 30-40 pages, so you're getting a good amount of info related to your specific sign.     Be aware that if you are new to astrology, you need to know what sign rules each house so that you can check both your North Node sign and the house that your North Node falls in.     Spiller goes through each \\"tendency to avoid\\" and details what our past lives were like and why we need to release those traits in order to be happy and fulfilled in this lifetime. She is clear and specific and gives useful examples. She explains what gifts these past lives give us that we can use today (kind of like good karma in the bank that we can use to carry out our life purpose).     For me, I had trouble with the book but only because of my actual North and South Node placements. I have the unusual circumstance of having my North Node in the house of my South Node. I'm a libra rising with a North Node in Libra in the house ruled by Aries. So, 80% of the things Spiller discusses about the shadow side of having an Aries South Node didn't apply to me. In fact, I related more to the North Node in Aries/Libra South Node because my tendency is to be too aware of other people and their needs and to put their feelings above my own (rather than the description of the North Node Libra which is a person who tends to be self absorbed and demanding and needs to learn cooperation and listening skills). There were a few traits in my North Node section that did apply to me, but the majority didn't, so I have to assume my house placement takes more precedent than my North Node position at this time in my life if I am to make use of this book.    So, I think Astrology for the Soul is great for most people and I can use it in the charts of friends and clients, but for those of us that have a North Node in the house of our South Node, things get quite murky. You've got to sift through both chapters to figure out where you are and which tendencies actually apply to you and which don't. This is the only reason I gave it a 4 instead of a 5. There's no clear sense of how to deal with this situation.
1416594795|5.0|For anyone who doesn't fully understand evolution or who is on the fence about the matter, this is a must read.  It's not for the faint of mind either.  Dawkins doesn't spare anytime with good old light hearted debate, he discharges pure scientific data and empirical research to make the point clear and un-debatable.    Richard not only uses the traditional forms of fossil records to validate evolutions case, but more importantly he delves deeper into an array of scientific disciplines that together authenticate evolution as fact.  It's time we open our understanding and come to grips with the truth.
B003UYUQZW|3.0|THE MOVIE WAS ENTERTANING BUT IT REMINDED ME OF A VIDEO GAME WHICH COULD BE GOOD IF YOUR ARE A GAMER BUT i AM A GRANDMA. i THINK THE GRANDKIDS WILL LIKE IT ,
0307454541|5.0|Larsson's book is a fantastic story. I highly recommend it. I can't wait to read anything else he has written.
B003K025TQ|5.0|This is a great CD. What I like about it is that it is all over the place. There's something for everyone. This is a hard one to keep out of the CD player
B003HARV3Y|5.0|this is one of the best movies there is. didnt expect the movie to ship so fast but it got here quick and i was able to enjoy my movie
B003HARV98|5.0|Marina's Family Jewels is a fantastic CD.  The lyrics are catchy and meaningful.  Marina's voice is very sweet when she does what seems like a high falsetto.  There is a good rhythm and beat during most songs.   I wish Marina and Lady Gaga would do a joint concert together.  Marina would do a much better introductory set than Semi Precious Trash.
143911000X|5.0|If you watch How I Met Your Mother, this book will make the show much more emjoyable. Great Quick read, funny, sometimes real.
0061989142|5.0|I was skeptical at first when I bought this book but now that I've started reading it, I'm glad I bought it. I love Lauren Conrad from The Hills and I love her style. This book is all about clothing basics, make up basics, and accessories basics with lots of helpful hints (like \\"How to pack for a weekend getaway,\\" \\"What to wear on a date or to an interview,\\" and \\"How to sew a quick hem\\"). I am the same age as Lauren, working on building my adult wardrobe, and I want to do it stylishly. My only complaint is that the bulk of the recommended clothing examples (about 95%, I'd say) are all designer brands that I will probably never be able to afford. I wish she would have put in where to find cheaper - but quality - versions of the designer brands.
B0026P3G12|3.0|The case the CD was in was shattered when it arrived but the CD was fine. Don't know if it w as a lack of packaging or the Post Office handling. It was easy to replace the case though, but annoying.
B000LC55F2|5.0|This movie was amazing. It's now one of my favorites, and I'll be watching it multiple times
B003ZJJFKE|5.0|Great work on this album. I've enjoyed most Satriani albums, but Prof. Satch/Musterion of Rock didn't do it for me.... the opening to songs were great, but once the groove kidded in, I'd feel the music was getting lost in all the speed and tech skills in the guitar playing...   BLACK SWANS & W.W. is the opposite. All the songs have a great groove and sound. All still Satriani, but with a lot of passion behind it.     I personally think the new keyboardist makes the music come alive more. Excellent choice Joe!
B000X107GI|5.0|Priced perfectly... has a long shelf life... tested them and each one has an optimum charge! saves you a lot of money in buying this pack just in case you have a lot of remote controls using this type of battery.
0312600844|1.0|Where do I begin with this mess of a book? I usually can rely on Oprah's picks, some are better than others. But I had also read that the supposedly arrogant Franzen is one of the country's most talented authors. Really? I only got to the end because I kept hoping there was more to this. There was not.    This book is so unbelievably boring that I could barely get through five pages at night before I was knocked out. The characters are unbelievably unlikable -- there is not a single one for whom I feel anything other than disdain. Almost the first half dwells on the annoying and ridiculous Patty and yet, after reading her autobiography, I still dont \\"get\\" her. I kept hoping some natural disaster would wipe out every single character.  Walter makes me dislike liberals -- and for Pete's sake, I AM A LIBERAL! I wanted to hug Glenn Beck after finishing this awful book.
B003V5PPZG|3.0|With the first 5 tracks of the CD being 2 songs and 3 short sound clips, Linkin Park really feels like they pushed this a little too hard. They have a few great songs, but I don't feel like it warranted purchasing this CD. Linkin Park's new sound is OK, but the this CD is not the typical LP CD where there are multiple hits.
B003ZK58WM|1.0|Sadly, I just purchased my Kindle thinking I could get this book (it would be my first) for $9.99 prior to the Kindle's arrival. I will wait until the price comes down. I sincerely hope this is not a trend. I held off on my Kindle purchase, but the notion of making up the cost via price difference won me over. When the price is in-line with other hardcover Kindle e-books, I will purchase and revise my review to reflect the book's content. Apologies for venting about price in a review, but it seems I am not alone.
020530902X|4.0|this was a black and white film that was a hard to find movie. But I needed it for a school assignment. Amazon made it easy to get. And worth watching.
B003U0AHBO|4.0|I'm telling you now, if you haven't seen this film then don't judge it.  So many people I know were all \\"not another Robin Hood movie\\" and \\"we don't need to see this\\" and \\"looks like the same `ol same\\" but I'm telling you, you will be pleasantly surprised.  This movie has serious bite and really works within its genre, and while it has flaws and fails to be perfection it does walk a thin line and really edges itself out in the end, producing something memorable, exciting and entertaining.<br /><br />It does the legend justice.<br /><br />Telling the story of Robin Hood from a more realistic and gritty perspective, Ridley Scott's epic retelling doesn't really feel much like the Robin Hood we are all familiar with.  Opening with a grandiose battle scene where King Richard The Lionheart is fatally wounded, the film follows one of his men, Robin Longstride, as he takes on the persona of a fallen warrior (one with a better reputation) and winds up fitting neatly into the mans life.  In an attempt to restore the departed man's belongings back to his family, he finds that the man's father (now blind and near death) is more than willing to go along with the charade, accepting Robin as his son and even persuading his daughter-in-law, Marion, to accept him as well (begrudgingly, of course).  When their small village of Nottingham becomes the target of some unwarranted aggression, Robin flexes his warrior muscle and begins to (attempt to) restore some much needed peace to the people.<br /><br />Add a dash of political betrayals and believably mature sexual tension and you have a remarkable well rounded film for adults and teenagers alike.<br /><br />Russell Crowe has a knack for playing these kind of warm hearted heroes.  He's done it many times before (`Gladiator', `Cinderella Man', `Master and Commander') and it never grows old with me.  He understands the dynamics of this man and portrays him effortlessly.<br /><br />For those who saw the trailer and assumed that this was `Gladiator' redux, understand that you are mistaken and watch the film already.  This is not just a remake of a similar styled film but a whole entity all its own.<br /><br />The directorial efforts here are outstanding.  For those who love them some swords and sandals type epics, Scott knows how to piece these together the right way, and it shows.  The battle scenes here are phenomenally structured and feel intense, raw and brutal despite the shielded PG-13 rating.  The cinematography is equally impressive.  The way that these actors and set pieces are framed is intoxicating to watch.  The acting is also a treat.  Crowe and Blanchett are two of the best actors working today (we all know I worship the ground that Crowe acts on) and they show their strengths carrying this film.  I loved the subtle yet forceful upheaval that Blanchett does on Marion, creating a very different character than one we are used to.  The cast is rather expansive and quite stunning when you think about it.  Besides Crowe and Blanchett you have Max von Sydow, William Hurt, Eileen Atkins, Danny Huston and fresh faces like Matthew Macfadyen, Oscar Isaac and Mark Strong (not to mention Mark Addy, who I kind of adore).  Everyone (for the most part) soaks up their assignment and delivers top notch.<br /><br />Seriously, the one issue I do have with the film is that there are awkward moments (especially in the beginning) where it was clear that Scott wasn't sure what direction he wanted to go, thematically, with the film.  When he tries too hard to pay homage to the original interpretations he comes off a tad clunky and unrealistic (some of the dialog spilled in the films outset was unintentionally humorous and took you out of the film instead of placing you in it) but when he allowed his personal vision to take precedent the film soared.  It may seem like a small quibble, but it was popped up enough in parts to take this film down a peg for me (thus the B+ grade as apposed to an A).<br /><br />Allin all though, this film is a MUST SEE.  It is far from your typical (forgettable) summer movie blockbuster.  This action flick has guts and a richness about it that makes it above average!typical (forgettable) summer movie blockbuster.  This action flick has guts and a richness about it that makes it above average!
B000GDH9JQ|5.0|I searched a long time for this I had it on a video cassette but could never find it on dvd. This movie dates back to when we were still in the cold war with russia.  The true essence of this movie is the dancing and how 2 men found common ground not only in their dancing but in there way of viewing each others desire. This is a movie you can watch multiple times for the delight of the dancing alone.   Patricia
B003XQM2YU|5.0|this movie was great it was not the typical special effects movie. But just a great movie in its self. I would definitely recommend it.
B00275EHJG|5.0|So, I probably know this movie better than the people there at Pixar (the curse of having a `Toy Story' obsessed 3-Year-Old) and I still think it's one of the best films of the year, easy (the BEST next to `The Social Network').  Why?  Well, for one it is beautifully constructed to excite and entertain.  It is a lovable piece of animated heaven.  On top of the obvious though, there is warmth presented within the films surprisingly deep themes that make this stand out as heartfelt and honest.  When you watch this beautiful movie you cannot help but become a part of the story.<br /><br />It's hard to come off of the success of films as wildly lauded as the first two installments in the pitch perfect trilogy, but somehow the folks there at Pixar made good on their promise and saved the best for last.<br /><br />Seriously, it's THAT good.<br /><br />The film follows the adventures of your favorite toys, Woody the Cowboy, Buzz Lightyear, Jessie the Cowgirl, Bullseye, Slinky-Dog, Hamm, Mr. Potato Head, Rex and the rest of their friends (which has been dwindled down to a select few over the years.  Years have passed since we last saw them and Andy, their owner, is now full grown and on his way to college.  The toys are devastated at the prospect of being thrown away, never to be played with again.  When an unfortunate accident lands the toys on the curb they take immediate action and donate themselves to Sunnyside Daycare, a seemingly magical place where toys can enjoy love and affection from kids forever and ever.<br /><br />Nothing is as it seems though.<br /><br />Yes, this film is funny, but it doesn't end there.  This film is also devastatingly sincere.  While no one watching this film is a `toy' the feelings and emotions presented by the toys themselves is so earnest and believable that one cannot help but find a piece of themselves within these lost souls.  The foreknowledge that you have been outgrown is a powerful message about growing up and moving on, about losing the ones we love whether it is by our own hands or by events out of our control.  Relationships in general are outgrown, and this film tackles that understanding with a depth not often attributed to animated films (I love Pixar for making SMART animated films).  What is even more powerful is the loss of innocence that is broached in the final frames, with Andy and his toys and their eventuality.  It is a beautiful and moving statement about leaving childish things behind but never forgetting the beauty that abounds within them.<br /><br />Yes, I was bawling at the end of this film.<br /><br />I will throw a mild disclaimer out there in regards to your kids and this movie.  The film is a tad scarier than the other two in the trilogy.  In fact, my daughter was petrified of Lotso-Huggin'-Bear the first time she saw this film.  He is VERY mean hearted and the way that the film is shot and his sequences done (with dramatic lighting and music) can be overwhelming for some children (there were multiple screams in the theaters).  That said, when all was said and done my daughter loved the film and actually saw it three times in the theater and we have it on pre-order, so you be the judge.  I just thought I should put that out there.<br /><br />In the end, this was one of the more rewarding experiences I had in the theater this year, maybe even this decade.  It was everything I wanted it to be and more; much, much more!ur own hands or by events out of our control.  Relationships in general are outgrown, and this film tackles that understanding with a depth not often attributed to animated films (I love Pixar for making SMART animated films).  What is even more powerful is the loss of innocence that is broached in the final frames, with Andy and his toys and their eventuality.  It is a beautiful and moving statement about leaving childish things behind but never forgetting the beauty that abounds within them.    Yes, I was bawling at the end of this film.    I will throw a mild disclaimer out there in regards to your kids and this movie.  The film is a tad scarier than the other two in the trilogy.  In fact, my daughter was petrified of Lotso-Huggin'-Bear the first time she saw this film.  He is VERY mean hearted and the way that the film is shot and his sequences done (with dramatic lighting and music) can be overwhelming for some children (there were multiple screams in the theaters).  That said, when all was said and done my daughter loved the film and actually saw it three times in the theater and we have it on pre-order, so you be the judge.  I just thought I should put that out there.    In the end, this was one of the more rewarding experiences I had in the theater this year, maybe even this decade.  It was everything I wanted it to be and more; much, much more!
B003YBNRHU|4.0|I watched the CD launch live on Cisco Telepresence. The Doobie Brothers played an awesome set and the album is just a great listen.
0399536108|5.0|I cannot put into words how much I love this book.  I bought this book three times because its worth it.  I read it and discuss the theme with my children because this is what life is all about.  Choosing you own direction and living life to the fullest.
0307346617|5.0|If there was ever a story told about a zombie apocolypse Max Brooks nailed it
0312370849|2.0|This book really dissapointed me. It was writen like a cheap novel.. so fluffy, so novelish, like a previous reviwer said, so \\"novel 101\\". The subject was interesting enough that I finished the book, but really felt empty after. No credible characters, NOT beautiful writing. Just blah!
B003CIG7AE|2.0|This disc has to be one of the most incredibly boring collections of musical notes ever recorded in the history of music. A complete snooze from beginning to end with some of the lamest lyrics you will ever hear, although the musicianship is good the music itself is intensely forgettable. Instead of buying this CD purchase yourself some sleeping pills & you will get the same result.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|Even without the wonderful 90's music playing in the back drop, this is by far still one of the most consistantly hilarious series around. Great extra features, and happily both full length movies are included.
0553805371|4.0|I read the book and found that it gave a good strengthening of things I read in other books about physics. I was somewhat underwhelmed by what was new. Not the books fault, it is just that science hasn't come up with a theory with as much bite as the title suggests. If you want a lucid overview of contemporary physics I recommend it however.
B002ZG99CC|5.0|I find it interesting when people ask was the film necessary.  Is any film necessary?  This movie stands on it own and the negative comments I've read here is sad and pathetic.  Most young people don't know anything about the original Karate Kid and could even less about seeing it.  It seems many reviews here are from old people who will be gone in twenty years so who really cares what they think.    The Karate Kid 2010 is a wonderful movie. I say don't base your reason not to see this movie on the racist, jealous and sad reviews here.  $360 million should tell you a lot, not the rants of the haters found here.
B001TO8JGI|5.0|First and cutest of the Harry Potter movies.  Great for kids and families and just about everyone in between.
0060853972|4.0|I am a huge Gaiman fan and somehow I had never read this book.  I was eager to read it since I used to read Pratchett's Discworld series and enjoyed the humor in that too.  Overall this was a good book and fairly humorous.  I thought the humor went a bit over the top at points; but overall still liked it.  Think of this book as kind of the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Apocalypse; it is written in that type of style with lots of footnotes.<br /><br />When Crowley, original Crawley the serpent from Eden, gets the Antichrist he makes a mistake.  The babies are switched out and Crowley and his arch-enemy Azrael spent a good portion of their lives trying to influence the wrong child.  All you have to do then is get the Four Horsemen involved, a young woman who is a descendent of Agnes Nutter (the most accurate phophetess history has ever known, and a young man who is a witch hunter in the story and things begin to get out of hand.  The real Antichrist, aptly named Adam, is making a bullocks of things using his unholy power to save whales and make nuclear power safer.  General chaos ensues, legions of angels and demons prepare for war, and the world as we know it may or may not end.<br /><br />This was a pretty good book.  Given it's cult status I was expected it to be hilarious and to be blown out of the water by it.  I really wasn't.  The book switches viewpoint a lot, making it a bit hard to keep everything straight in the beginning.  There are a ton of footnotes throughout (which I am not a huge fan off because they interrupt the story), and while some of them were funny, some of them were just plain silly and rambled on a bit too much.<br /><br />The story takes a while to get going and I struggled to stay interested initially; but as events build to the final Apocalyse the pace picks up and the book is much more engaging.  The characters are interesting but never really personable because you don't get to spend much time with them.  I am thinking this book may be a bit dated and was more unique and original when it was written.  To be honest this book reminds me a lot of the movie Dogma and in writing style, of the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, books.<br /><br />In general I have mixed feelings about this book.  There are some funny parts and some excellent irony, some very creative ideas and characters.  The story takes a bit to get going through and constantly switches viewpoint so it was hard to really engage with any of the characters.  The humor got a bit campy at parts and some of the footnotes rambled on way too much.  I thought it was missing the wonderful classic story structure and tone that most of Gaiman's books have.<br /><br />Overall I am glad that I read it but it was not my favorite Gaiman or Pratchett book.  It was a bit too campy for me and a bit too scattered.  There are some funny parts though and the story itself is very ironic.  If you like Christopher Moore or Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxay, or religion spoofs (like the movie Dogma) you will probably enjoy this book.que and original when it was written.  To be honest this book reminds me a lot of the movie Dogma and in writing style, of the Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy, books.     In general I have mixed feelings about this book.  There are some funny parts and some excellent irony, some very creative ideas and characters.  The story takes a bit to get going through and constantly switches viewpoint so it was hard to really engage with any of the characters.  The humor got a bit campy at parts and some of the footnotes rambled on way too much.  I thought it was missing the wonderful classic story structure and tone that most of Gaiman's books have.     Overall I am glad that I read it but it was not my favorite Gaiman or Pratchett book.  It was a bit too campy for me and a bit too scattered.  There are some funny parts though and the story itself is very ironic.  If you like Christopher Moore or Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxay, or religion spoofs (like the movie Dogma) you will probably enjoy this book.
B0013LL2Z2|3.0|Old cult classic, science fiction, when people are not allowed to live past 30.  Small role with Farrah Fawcett.
B003SWNRU2|4.0|I was a bit sceptical when I first heard that Accept were recording a new album without vocalist Udo Dirkschnieder, as I didn't think Accept could be viable without Udo in the band (remember 1987's Eat the Heat?). Fortunately, my fears are completely unfounded. This is solid old-school metal with a great production from Andy Sneap. While the album isn't quite on par with the old classic Accept albums from the 80's, every song is strong and the result is an album that marks a great return to form by the band.
B0018M6J90|4.0|Frances McDormand and Amy Adams at their best.  Warm, funny, different from the norm.  Takes place in England as WWII is underway.  Not entirely realistic, but a great feel good movie with historical undertones.
B003UYUR10|5.0|I really love this movie. Its probably my favorite movie of all time right now. But what is really great is the bundle it came in. With the blu-ray digital copy and DVD it makes it really easy to watch it just about anywhere. Its not worth buying the blu-ray unless you can at least get the digital copy, the dvd format is just a huge bonus.
6304712944|5.0|What can anyone say about this classic musical?  They don't make 'em like this anymore.  Superb acting, great music, King Arthur and Lancelot and the Knights of the Round Table.
B0000013G9|4.0|I liked the lyrics used on \\"Crazysexycool\\" from TLC because they're basic. Including 4 top-ten hits, the album became the most sucessful of the band since it went an amazing 16x platinum. \\"Creep,\\" \\"Diggin' On You,\\" \\"Red Light Special,\\" and \\"Waterfalls\\" were all singles. \\"Case of the Fake People\\" carried an attitude. \\"Let's Do It Again\\" and \\"Take Our Time\\" are hot.
B003JSSPSY|1.0|Just a short review for clarity.    This tv show is NOTHING like the books. It is sad that they say it is loosely based on the books, because the characters are so completely dfferent from the books that it shouldnt even be used in the same breath.  The books were amazing in thier own right, but the TV show is bad when used in comparison to the books. If I had seen the show, and not read the books then I might have been able to handle it. However, having read the SOT books now 3 times over as they have progressed over the years, I find it to be a jarring clash of things that happened in the books, jumbled together to make a tv show.    I do like Sam, and the crew of his regulars, as well as all the shows he has done over the years. However this one I cant stomach.    Comparing this to Lord of the Rings ios a horrible comparison. The Lord of the Rings movies were good because they were very close to the books. They stayed true to the characters, and story line. And didnt change the character to match the random actor they found for a part.    Step away fromt he TV, and read the books. They are so much greater than the TV show.
B0000033IS|4.0|\\"I Never Loved A Man The Way That I Love You\\" from Aretha Franklin is good because of the vocals she stressed, the horn compositions, and piano creativity. I give this album a 4 instead of a 5 because the lyrics were direct and clear, but the album has 3 songs (\\"Drown In My Own Tears,\\" \\"Soul Serenade,\\" and \\"Don't Let Me Lose on this Dream\\") that express loneliness, and the rhythms weren't brilliantly made. The sentimental \\"Do Right Woman-Do Right Man,\\" the popular \\"Respect,\\" and the sassy \\"Dr. Feelgood (Love is Serious Business)\\" caught my attention attractively.
B0036EH3WK|5.0|This box set is by far the best box set I have ever purchased. It's full of geeky goodness and offers lost fans a real treat.  Having seen an image of the UK version I decided to buy from Amazon.com, it took about 3 weeks to arrive but was well worth the wait. It actually works out cheaper than the UK version and you also get the black light to read hidden messages on the lid.    SPOILER: The hidden disk under the lid is fantastic however getting the island back into place was very difficult which is a very small design floor considering how well the whole package has been put together.    UK buyers, I seriously recommend you getting you hands on this version of the Box set.    I can also confirm it works fine in my PS3 Slim.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I should probably start by saying that I am not a Jillian Michaels fan. Her scream-in-your-face, I'll get you `shredded' naturally approach to fitness while selling detox supplements really is not my cup of tea. That being said, this DVD is fantastic. It does not waste a second of your time, which I really appreciate when working 12 hour shifts. As an intermediate/advanced exerciser, I find it rare in a DVD that my heart rate gets high enough and stays there for the majority of the workout. Although the workout is only 25 minutes, you are working every minute. Level 1 is appropriate for beginners, in my opinion, and useful if you have an injury/need a recovery day. Level 2 is a decent workout on its own and nice to throw in the mix when doing Level 3 regularly. And Level 3... gets the job done when you're in a hurry. I like using 5 to 8 lb weights for these workouts, but I believe they use 3s in the DVDs, so use your own discretion. The music is okay, but I normally turn the volume down low enough just to hear queues and pipe in my own music so that I don't have to hear Jillian babble about shredding you into your skinny jeans. All in all, this DVD is still in my rotation months after purchasing, especially on busy days. Five stars for time-saving factor alone.
B00005J73X|5.0|You're in for one wild ride with this CD!  Seriously, love all the songs on here, it's definitly a MUST to purchase.  You'll be happy!
B0041VV03A|2.0|Nice idea, but the dialog was silly and trite, not to mention their was no plausible reason for creating this thing at all.  The plot meandered all over the place and obviously there was little or no research into the science of biotechnology to support it.  The film rushed through as quickly as it could with no real point to make except the same warning that was given to Victor Frankenstein with a bizarre sexual twist..  I don't see how this film created such a stir or that it even got produced.
B000MRAAJM|5.0|Video presentations like this are one of the reasons that I decided to purchase an HD television and a blu-ray player.  I had heard about this series a few years back when it first came out and I put it on my \\"to do\\" list. Well I'm certainly glad I followed through with the purchase.  This series will take you places and teach you things that you've never heard of or seen before.  The colors and scenes are absolutely stunning!  I've never experienced anything like this outside of a professional theatre in my life.  If you're considering this item at all, go ahead and make the purchase. Your eyes and your brain will thank you!!
B001FB55H6|5.0|The extra footage on the film worth the exellent Amazon Price.  The special features are also a blast.<br /><br />I would buy it again.  I highly recommend it.
1140418041|4.0|I greatly enjoyed A Passage to India and A Room With a View.  Howard's End shares many of their assets - character development, period description, adventure, surprises, cultural and political awareness.  However, many of the events seemed disconnected or irrelevant.  None of the characters were especially lovable or heroic.  The author highlights the difficulties of finding meaning (or a place) in life for a wide variety of individuals.  Perhaps the disruption of the historical comforts of a settled social structure is the main message of this 1910 work. Like the other two novels, this work focuses on the frustrations of making meaningful connections with others during a time of change.
0316069485|1.0|The Kindle version of this book is more expensive than the hardcover! What kind of nonsense is that? I will absolutely not pay more for the e-version. I don't know what these publishers are thinking. Why would an author want to use one of these clueless publishers, who are hurting their e-book sales?
B002ZG97RE|3.0|i was a little disappointed in the movie,i thought it was a little to political.
B000OLGCI4|5.0|great kid-friendly movie-my toddler loves to sing and dance to the songs in this one; though there are only 3-4 songs
1400052173|5.0|Shipped fast and came in the package without any dents or creases.    The book is very interesting.  I had to read it for a science literature course.  Good read to anyone in a science-based field, more specifically to those in Biology & Health.
B001JRB16U|5.0|my toddler loves this film-especially the music...he recognizes the songs and actually sings along with them, even though he is not yet two and his speech is extremely limited. great child-friendly film
B003YUC9JI|1.0|This movie SUCK..... the kid can't act.... only because his father got him the job... same....waist of time... watch the orginal....
B004306Y3U|5.0|In season three Leonard and Penny finally start dating and even Walowitz gets a steady lady. Things are all roses for awhile, even with Sheldon as a roommate but things get either muddled or completely clear for Penny when Star Trek's The Next Generation Will Weaton nudges her over the edge and she dumps Leonard. They try to stay friends and it is comical to see how things work out. It's like a couple got divorced and they have to deal with their adult child, Sheldon. It's a mystery of what's to come. Just have to keep watching.
B0036EH3XE|5.0|YA YA I heard all the bad things about the ending of our beloved show lost,, And I do say yes the ending could have been soooooooo much better. but it's LOST and I have to have it. I have 1 to 5 so gotta have 6 oh well OK watching it again maybe I missed something! OK after watching 3 ep so far I still think maybe I'm missing something.  heeeeeeeeeeee maybe not! Miss LOST and all the wonderful people in it. awwwwwwwwwww Ben and Lock
B000HDNPM0|5.0|I've owned the videotape pictured above for a quarter-century. Its oversized cardboard box (not a slipcover) opens like a book to reveal the tape stored at right in a plastic tray. At left is a cast list. Picture quality is good on this full screen SP speed dub.<br /><br />THE FORBIDDEN PLANET (1956) is loosely based on Shakespeare's [[ASIN:B000LSAIYE THE TEMPEST]]. The movie was shot on MGM's [[ASIN:B00000JS62 WIZARD OF OZ]] soundstages. Flora from the Munchkin village was recycled for Altaira's garden and dark forest apple tree trunks can be seen. Animation and special effects are provided by Walt Disney's Joshua Meador.<br /><br />SYNOPSIS--<br />All but two colonists of planet Altair-4 are dead; communication with Earth has ceased. Commander J.J. Adams (Leslie Nielson) and crew are sent to investigate this mysterious radio silence. When they arrive above A-4, the sole survivor of the original mission, Dr. Edward Morbius (Walter Pidgeon) warns that if Adams lands, his ship and all aboard may be in danger. Morbius' daughter 'Alta' (Anne Francis) has never seen any men but him, now more than a dozen are about to visit.<br /><br />Robby the Robot was taken out of mothballs in the mid-1960s for two episodes of [[ASIN:B0000DC3VM LOST IN SPACE]]. Robert Kinoshta designed Robby and LiS's robot, thus their similarity in appearance and function. Robby's voice is Marvin Miller, best remembered as check-bearer Michael Anthony on TV's THE MILLIONAIRE. The robot's cramped interior was inhabited by little Frankie Darro. For years Darro was a juvenile star in 'B' pictures, even until age 30. Forced to do all his own stunts as there was no one Frankie's size available, stunting became a second career once he was too old to play teenagers.<br /><br />COMMANDER ADAMS' CREW--<br />George Wallace (Bosun) was Commander Cody in the 12-part serial, [[ASIN:B000YDKAJO RADAR MEN FROM THE MOON]] (1952).<br />Robert Dix (Crewman Grey) is son of actor Richard Dix.<br />This is the last of Jimmy Thompson's (Crewman Youngerford) seven screen appearances. He was primarily a chorister in musicals.<br />James Drury (Crewman Strong) starred in TV's only 90 minute western, [[ASIN:B0036G064A THE VIRGINIAN]].<br />Richard Anderson (Chief Quinn) played Oscar Goldman on both THE SIX MILLION DOLLAR MAN and [[ASIN:B003W5C0TY THE BIONIC WOMAN]]. He was married to Alan Ladd's daughter, also the daughter of Norma Shearer and Irving Thalberg.<br />Jack Kelly (Lt. Jerry Farman) was brother Bart on the TV western, [[ASIN:B00005JO2C MAVERICK]].<br />Earl Holliman (Cook) starred in the first [[ASIN:B00068NVMK TWILIGHT ZONE]] episode and appeared opposite Angie Dickenson in TV's  [[ASIN:B000E1EHPY POLICE WOMAN]].<br />Peter Miller (Crewman Moran) attacked Margaret Hayes in [[ASIN:B0007TKNHE BLACKBOARD JUNGLE]] (1955).immy Thompson's (Crewman Youngerford) seven screen appearances. He was primarily a chorister in musicals.<br />James Drury (Crewman Strong) starred in TV's only 90 minute western, [[ASIN:B0036G064A THE VIRGINIAN]].<br />Richard Anderson (Chief Quinn) played Oscar Goldman on both THE SIX MILLION DOLLAR MAN and [[ASIN:B003W5C0TY THE BIONIC WOMAN]]. He was married to Alan Ladd's daughter, also the daughter of Norma Shearer and Irving Thalberg.<br />Jack Kelly (Lt. Jerry Farman) was brother Bart on the TV western, [[ASIN:B00005JO2C MAVERICK]].<br />Earl Holliman (Cook) starred in the first [[ASIN:B00068NVMK TWILIGHT ZONE]] episode and appeared opposite Angie Dickenson in TV's  [[ASIN:B000E1EHPY POLICE WOMAN]].<br />Peter Miller (Crewman Moran) attacked Margaret Hayes in [[ASIN:B0007TKNHE BLACKBOARD JUNGLE]] (1955).
0553805371|5.0|I could not have asked for more information in one small book.  Great reading, easy to follow and understand!
0790792141|5.0|THE FORBIDDEN PLANET (1956) is loosely based on Shakespeare's [[ASIN:B000LSAIYE THE TEMPEST]]. The movie was shot on MGM's [[ASIN:B00000JS62 WIZARD OF OZ]] soundstages. Flora from the Munchkin village was recycled for Altaira's garden and dark forest apple tree trunks can be seen. Animation and special effects are provided by Walt Disney's Joshua Meador.<br /><br />SYNOPSIS--<br />All but two colonists of planet Altair-4 are dead; communication with Earth has ceased. Commander J.J. Adams (Leslie Nielson) and crew are sent to investigate this mysterious radio silence. When they arrive above A-4,  the sole survivor of the original mission, Dr. Edward Morbius (Walter Pidgeon) warns that if Adams lands, his ship and all aboard may be in danger. Morbius' daughter 'Alta' (Anne Francis) has never seen any men but him, now more than a dozen are about to visit.<br /><br />Robby the Robot was taken out of mothballs in the mid-1960s for two episodes of [[ASIN:B0000DC3VM LOST IN SPACE]]. Robert Kinoshta designed Robby and LiS's robot, thus their similarity in appearance and function. Robby's voice is Marvin Miller, best remembered as check-bearer Michael Anthony on TV's THE MILLIONAIRE. The robot's cramped interior was inhabited by little Frankie Darro. For years Darro was a juvenile star in 'B' pictures, even until age 30. Forced to do all his own stunts as there was no one Frankie's size available, stunting became a second career once he was too old to play teenagers.<br /><br />COMMANDER ADAMS' CREW--<br />George Wallace (Bosun) was Commander Cody in the 12-part serial, [[ASIN:B000YDKAJO RADAR MEN FROM THE MOON]] (1952).<br />Robert Dix (Crewman Grey) is son of actor Richard Dix.<br />This is the last of Jimmy Thompson's (Crewman Youngerford) seven screen appearances. He was primarily a chorister in musicals.<br />James Drury (Crewman Strong) starred in TV's only 90 minute western, [[ASIN:B0036G064A THE VIRGINIAN]].<br />Richard Anderson (Chief Quinn) played Oscar Goldman on both THE SIX MILLION DOLLAR MAN and [[ASIN:B003W5C0TY THE BIONIC WOMAN]]. He was married to Alan Ladd's daughter, also the daughter of Norma Shearer and Irving Thalberg.<br />Jack Kelly (Lt. Jerry Farman) was brother Bart on the TV western, [[ASIN:B00005JO2C MAVERICK]].<br />Earl Holliman (Cook) starred in the first [[ASIN:B00068NVMK TWILIGHT ZONE]] episode and appeared opposite Angie Dickenson in TV's  [[ASIN:B000E1EHPY POLICE WOMAN]].<br />Peter Miller (Crewman Moran) attacked Margaret Hayes in [[ASIN:B0007TKNHE BLACKBOARD JUNGLE]] (1955).:B003W5C0TY THE BIONIC WOMAN]]. He was married to Alan Ladd's daughter, also the daughter of Norma Shearer and Irving Thalberg.  Jack Kelly (Lt. Jerry Farman) was brother Bart on the TV western, [[ASIN:B00005JO2C MAVERICK]].  Earl Holliman (Cook) starred in the first [[ASIN:B00068NVMK TWILIGHT ZONE]] episode and appeared opposite Angie Dickenson in TV's  [[ASIN:B000E1EHPY POLICE WOMAN]].  Peter Miller (Crewman Moran) attacked Margaret Hayes in [[ASIN:B0007TKNHE BLACKBOARD JUNGLE]] (1955).
B002JVWRAO|5.0|This series was really great.  In these days, people are worried about \\"end times\\" and this series covers it in such a dramatic and gripping way.  You are on the edge of your seat the whole time.  The tv show in and of itself is movie quality....great work!!!!
B0009TU79G|5.0|FORBIDDEN PLANET (1956) is loosely based on Shakespeare's [[ASIN:B000LSAIYE THE TEMPEST]]. The movie was shot on MGM's [[ASIN:B00000JS62 WIZARD OF OZ]] soundstages. Flora from the Munchkin village was recycled for Altaira's garden and dark forest apple tree trunks can be seen. Animation and special effects are provided by Walt Disney's Joshua Meador.<br /><br />SYNOPSIS--<br />All but two colonists of planet Altair-4 are dead; communication with Earth has ceased. Commander J.J. Adams (Leslie Nielson) and crew are sent to investigate this mysterious radio silence. When they arrive above A-4,  the sole survivor of the original mission, Dr. Edward Morbius (Walter Pidgeon) warns that if Adams lands, his ship and all aboard may be in danger. Morbius' daughter 'Alta' (Anne Francis) has never seen any men but him, now more than a dozen are about to visit.<br /><br />Robby the Robot was taken out of mothballs in the mid-1960s for two episodes of [[ASIN:B0000DC3VM LOST IN SPACE]]. Robert Kinoshta designed Robby and LiS's robot, thus their similarity in appearance and function. Robby's voice is Marvin Miller, best remembered as check-bearer Michael Anthony on TV's THE MILLIONAIRE. The robot's cramped interior was inhabited by little Frankie Darro. For years Darro was a juvenile star in 'B' pictures, even until age 30. Forced to do all his own stunts as there was no one Frankie's size available, stunting became a second career once he was too old to play teenagers.<br /><br />COMMANDER ADAMS' CREW--<br />George Wallace (Bosun) was Commander Cody in the 12-part serial, [[ASIN:B000YDKAJO RADAR MEN FROM THE MOON]] (1952).<br />Robert Dix (Crewman Grey) is son of actor Richard Dix.<br />This is the last of Jimmy Thompson's (Crewman Youngerford) seven screen appearances. He was primarily a chorister in musicals.<br />James Drury (Crewman Strong) starred in TV's only 90 minute western, [[ASIN:B0036G064A THE VIRGINIAN]].<br />Richard Anderson (Chief Quinn) played Oscar Goldman on both THE SIX MILLION DOLLAR MAN and [[ASIN:B003W5C0TY THE BIONIC WOMAN]]. He was married to Alan Ladd's daughter, also the daughter of Norma Shearer and Irving Thalberg.<br />Jack Kelly (Lt. Jerry Farman) was brother Bart on the TV western, [[ASIN:B00005JO2C MAVERICK]].<br />Earl Holliman (Cook) starred in the first [[ASIN:B00068NVMK TWILIGHT ZONE]] episode and appeared opposite Angie Dickenson in TV's  [[ASIN:B000E1EHPY POLICE WOMAN]].<br />Peter Miller (Crewman Moran) attacked Margaret Hayes in [[ASIN:B0007TKNHE BLACKBOARD JUNGLE]] (1955).th THE SIX MILLION DOLLAR MAN and [[ASIN:B003W5C0TY THE BIONIC WOMAN]]. He was married to Alan Ladd's daughter, also the daughter of Norma Shearer and Irving Thalberg.<br />Jack Kelly (Lt. Jerry Farman) was brother Bart on the TV western, [[ASIN:B00005JO2C MAVERICK]].<br />Earl Holliman (Cook) starred in the first [[ASIN:B00068NVMK TWILIGHT ZONE]] episode and appeared opposite Angie Dickenson in TV's  [[ASIN:B000E1EHPY POLICE WOMAN]].<br />Peter Miller (Crewman Moran) attacked Margaret Hayes in [[ASIN:B0007TKNHE BLACKBOARD JUNGLE]] (1955).
B0021L8V0M|5.0|I gave this a Five Stars and a Two Thumbs Up. Very well entertained movie. I loved it. Just Pre-Ordered the Blu-ray.
B003TVMIDO|3.0|To the extent that i do or have ever \\"idolized\\" anyone, john lennon is certainly in my personal pantheon, absolutely.  unquestionably one of the greatest composers, performers, visionaries of twentieth century music, his solo career was unfortunately inconsistent.  we can take a critical approach to lennon's solo work without being iconoclastic or knocking him off his aphoristic pedestal.  here i go....    Two reviews: here's the SHORT REVIEW first:    three stars to the box; four for the music as a whole, though five star music abounds within.    the box set may not be worth the money.     it's a fancy package, but the book adds nothing to the \\"lennon legacy\\", as it were, and the brief statements from yoko, julian, and sean are obvious and unilluminating.      the lithograph that comes with the box is nice, but it and the other printed matter aren't worth the additional expense of the box over the individual discs.      and now let's turn our attention to the discs, since they are what really matter.    the remastering definitely provides improved sound quality: good!  does the average lennon fan need \\"some time in new york city\\", \\"rock and roll\\", or \\"milk and honey\\"?  probably not. the worthwhile tracks on those discs are available on the \\"gimme some truth\\" compilation.  of the two discs unique to the box set: one contains a handful of non-lp singles that are on \\"gimme some truth\\".  the other contains outtakes that are unlikely to be of interest to all but the more (if not most) hardcore lennon fans.  get them from a friend who has the box set or buy them as bootlegs or download them from somewhere online--they themselves don't merit the price of the boxset.      beyond that, most fans of lennon will likely be well-served with the single disc editions of \\"plastic ono band\\", \\"imagine\\", \\"mind games\\", and \\"walls and bridges\\", which present a lot of overlap with \\"gimme some truth\\".      i was one of apparently many who thought the \\"stripped down\\" version of \\"double fantasy\\" was in the box set.  it isn't. (my response, which seems to be quite disagreeable to its audience, to the disc is offered in a separate review.)    unless a lennon fan is a real fan of his albums--and i can understand why many who appreciate lennon's music wouldn't be great fans of his often inconsistent albums--i think \\"gimme some truth\\" definitely provides a good overview of the music.  i don't like the sequencing: in this era of ripping and burning, i'd resequence the songs to have a sort of lennon album highlights collection.     the box set did encourage me to begin listening to my lennon bootlegs again, and i enjoy the demo sessions and rough mixes of his albums a whole lot more than the commercial products with their horns, glossy production, and muddy mixes.  that's why i'm looking forward to the \\"stripped down\\" \\"double fantasy\\".  i wish EMI would release a box set of each of his \\"stripped down\\" albums.  they are much better!    BEFORE THE LONG REVIEW, if anyone is still reading, one Amazon reviewer asked me why i was disappointed with the box set since the sonic qualities of the music are undeniably better than ever before, even the original vinyl releases.  my response: That's a good and fair question, and one i still struggle with each time i look at it or take discs from it or listen to lennon.  to respond to the question, i have to split my response to the box set in two: first, with regard to sonics, there is absolutely NOTHING disappointing about it.  as you indicate, lennon seemed always to master his albums as though each was a single destined for AM radio airplay.  finally, we can hear these albums as though they were recorded and mastered as albums.      but--big but--do we need a huge, fancy, celebratory, and quite costly box set to appreciate the improved sonics?  i do not think such a box set is necessary: each album can stand (or fall) on its own merits (or lack thereof).   the sentiments of that last sentence are, i think, where my disappointment with the box set begins.  john lennon, beatle, and john lennon, solo artist, are two fairly distinct personae.  as a beatle, i think lennon could do no wrong.  as a solo artist, he produced an unfortunately inconsistent body of work.  to the extent that his solo career is to be presented in a box set, that box set will not be one that could possibly measure up to, for argument's sake, the \\"bob in mono\\" box: those first eight albums are each important and groundbreaking.  same for the beatles box sets, mono and stereo.  however much i like lennon, and it is a tremendous amount, the same cannot be said of his solo catalogue.  if there's any truth to what i'm saying, then it leads right to the question of what is the purpose of this box set?  if i did not know lennon's career well and was introduced to the depth of it in this collection, i think i'd walk away very confused about what is the big deal: certainly, i'd say to myself, \\"what the hell is this \\"some time in new york city\\" thing?\\"  at best i'd find it an interesting artifact in lennon's career, but not something that would get lots of play on my stereo/ipod.  if the purpose of the box set is to provide this sort of insight and overview, then it misses the mark by omitting the zapple releases and \\"live peace in toronto\\".  of course, there is little commercial viability in those records, so, yes, it's kind of obvious why they were omitted.  the textual matter in the box set simply leaves me flat: it reveals little to long term fans of lennon; little to neophytes.  nice photos, etc., but all that stuff could be in cd booklets.    in terms of box sets, to look at lennon's music critically, i think the \\"lennon anthology\\" box provides a much more insightful, revelatory perspective on lennon's career because of its selectivity.  i think \\"gimme some truth\\"--despite the forced and awkward sequencing--provides a much better perspective on the significance and importance of the commercial product (and i use neither word on its own or both in conjunction as pejorative to any extent whatsoever) of lennon's solo career.      finally, i just don't see the big box set as anything other than an expensive and sort of self-congratulatory collection of lennon's commercial solo recordings.  sonically, we do get to hear lennon better than ever before; no question.  but that opportunity is not contingent upon the box set itself.  i suppose i'd've liked the box set better if it either: cost about $30 less and was a handsome box containing just the discs; or if it were a lavish production that allowed me to gain some new perspective on or insight into lennon's career, life, musicianship, etc.  but the box set just occupies some nebulous position between the two, and looks to my eyes like some tawdry bit of ornamentry for a music collection.    and here's the LONG REVIEW.      Three stars to the box; four for the music as a whole, though five star music abounds within.      There is little to add to the Martlett and Klein reviews: what i feel inclined to add is my disappointment that presentation of package trumps production of music.  Lennon turned me on to music and to a whole new plane of mental existence.  He was my childhood hero, and i never tire of his music and his words however humble or bombastic they were depending on the day, the size of the tumorous chip on his shoulder, or the phase of his career.  The package is beautiful.  But similar emphasis on the presentation of his musical legacy, which--except for the album booklets that are available without the box set--is missing.  The box set seems to take the music for granted and feels lazy.    Similar to the Beatles' box sets of 2009, but to a much greater extent, i wonder who is the audience for this product.  I guess i'm one: against my better judgment i bought it, but only after being persuaded that the sound quality merits the purchase of the remasters.  The box set is an attractive concatenation of paper and cardboard,but it itself is not worth the price of admission.  Consider how exciting the package of \\"The Wedding Album\\" was, or the original \\"Live Peace\\" with its calendar, or even the original cover of \\"Walls and Bridges\\".  Even \\"Imagine\\" and \\"Some Time in New York City\\" had their very cool inserts.  Aside from the well-presented lithograph, nothing in the box besides about 60 % of the music merits the purchase of the package.      While the digi-packs and booklets are worthy accompaniments to the music, the fancy little book and ancillary matter in the box are trite, especially given all the material published about Lennon since his solo career began and since his murder in 1980.  I cannot imagine many purchasing it will be new to Lennon: novices will probably buy individual discs based upon the myriad reviews of them and the buyers' favorite tracks.  Most people, i assume, will buy the four disc compilation, and they will likely be best served by it.  Many will buy the \\"successful\\" Lennon albums.  I wouldn't be surprised to find that the \\"Double Fantasy Stripped Down\\" is the biggest seller of all.  (So why not include it in the box set?!?  We all know why!  The answer is too obvious and insulting to waste time putting into words!  And yes, i'll be buying it too.)  The book feels hastily put together, unsurprisingly congratulatory, too Ono-oriented, too dull!  Some overview of Lennon's solo career that could put it in perspective thirty years on, some thoughtful, insightful statement about Lennon's work, its successes and failures, where it came from, whom it has influenced, its relevance today, would be a pleasure for all to read, be they new to Lennon or those who remember anticipating the releases of his new albums way back when.  So, i'm back to my question about who the audience for this product is supposed to be.       Despite the painful self-indulgence  of the Zapple recordings and \\"The Wedding Album\\" and \\"Live Peace in Toronto\\", these recordings are not so irrelevant that they deserve to be omitted from this collection.  Do they merit repeated listening?  Probably not.  Are they essential recordings?  No.  But neither is disc two of \\"Some Time in NYC\\", or almost half the content of at least of five of the discs in this set.  Better questions would consider their relevance as artifacts and and their influence on music and \\"pop art\\" ever since: tremendous!  Do they provide insight for those interested in the person John Lennon?  Absolutely!  Do they contain moments of brilliance?  Listen to \\"Radio Play\\" on \\"Unfinished Music, No. 2: Life With the Lions\\" for another moment of \\"genius\\" along the lines of \\"Revolution 9\\".  But with the sort of revision in which this box set and reissue program engage, many listeners may never get that opportunity.  And if insight into Lennon's career is important, there are many, many more \\"bootleg\\" recordings that could have been included: alternate takes, demos, songs Lennon gave away, sketches from the hours of \\"Dakota demos\\", etc.    Definitely Lennon's catalogue, perhaps more than any other analogue-era musician, needed remastering.  Lennon was self-destructive in so many ways, and his choice of producers on every commercial solo recording (save for \\"Plastic Ono Band\\", which by virtue of Lennon's arrangements avoided the infernal and antithetical sensibility of Phil Spector) was a manifestation of that self-destructive tendency or at least the self-destructive consequences of his equally massive insecurities.  And how Lennon ever accepted the final mastering of most of his 70's output astounds me--noise reduction and compression that anticipated the MP3 era by decades!  Lennon's albums are well-served by the improved sound quality of these remasters.  But i don't need the whole box set to enjoy that--just the discs.  So again, to whom is this box set being targeted?    This box set being targeted at any sucker--there's one, like me, born every minute--willing to shell out the bucks.  I'll flatter myself and claim that my ardent devotion led me to it.  But to quote Lennon out of context, i'll offer this advice in closing: \\"Children, don't do what i have done\\"!    [ADDENDUM: I listened to the box set three times yesterday (I had it playing all day at work), and was so frustrated by the lack of revelation it offers that I began listening to Lennon bootlegs last night and this morning, especially the Vigotone sets featuring \\"stripped down\\" versions of \\"Imagine\\", \\"Mind Games\\", and \\"Walls & Bridges\\", the last of which is actually an outstanding collection of songs when stripped of overdubs and studio \\"jiggery pokery\\".  So here's an idea for a box set that would be worth the price: a whole series of remastered, stripped down Lennon albums.  Such a collection would introduce a new John Lennon, one whose music would re-establish him with the public.]
B001U7B4T8|2.0|I am very, very disapointed with this DVD. After waiting all these years all we get is, maybe, half the concert. Very sad. In addition the material was poorly remastered. It is a pity. We deserved more, in many ways.
B002BU0DPE|4.0|This is a great upgrade over the p21's, with the exception the extra wire i now has.  Also this headset seems to become tangled more, but the mic works great for me and the new cushioning is 10x better than p21s.  These are a good alternative to trittons if you want to save the money.
0691143692|4.0|Byzantium Judith Herrin<br /><br />While preparing for a trip to WWI sites in Alsace-Lorraine Wikipedia Verdun, France mentioned a 1,000 AD reference to castrating and selling orphans to the Arab world. What?! Follow-up on the reference brought me to this trip reading.<br /><br />What is the karma of place? If you emasculate and sell off your orphans in 1,000 AD, is there a price to pay in 1914-18? Or is the price ongoing and Verdun simply isn't the place to reincarnate into, given a choice, especially if your karma involves being an orphan? Disturbing footnote: it wasn't just orphans. Full Disclosure: That was my motive for reading about Byzantium, but I'm assuming it wasn't yours.<br /><br />Perhaps your Italy trip includes Ravenna. There is a concise, useful history of Ravenna and how it fit into the Arab, early Christian, Jewish and Byzantium world. Rulers, wheeling-dealing and treacheries are exposed. Icon art is explored in depth. You can potentially dazzle your bored children with insider gossip about the church builders as you view their not-even-disguised portraits in religious paintings.<br /><br />Herrin wrote this book to be of interest to non-scholars, so it is accessible without a dictionary. She loops through centuries in non-Chronological order, basically touching upon aspects of Byzantium that would be of interest to an assortment of contemporary readers, such as early law court rulings (to get a couple that hated each other to consummate their union, they were locked in a room together for a week. It works for horses. Didn't work for humans.), tax breaks bringing about financial peril of governments, Arian disbelief of early Christian lure of eternal salvation (very divisive issue at the time. I marvel why, if you are drawn to the possibility of Eternal Salvation, you would join the faction that says it can't be true), women rulers, slurs to people with snub noses, the new mathematical field of algebra, purple dye, and military methods that still have not been duplicated. I kept underlining, aware that if a paper were required there were 100 possible interesting topics provided.t underlining, aware that if a paper were required there were 100 possible interesting topics provided.
B001NOAJVW|4.0|The mirrow worked great.  I just finished a 130 mile ride over smooth and rough roads, and the mirror stated put.  I vibrated, due to the rough roads, but It allowed me to see traffic behind me.  I recommend it.
B001FB55YE|5.0|I'm a big fan of this movie, and i highly recommend it, you go hang out with some friends, you need something to watch, then this is it.
B000SCHBGQ|5.0|after summer break i was planning which book i should read to get points ( i go to my school library to read books and each one has points and this one was 14 points) and i looked at the shelf and saw a book called &#34;The Alchemyst&#34; and it sounded interesting so i checked it out when i got home i started reading it and i said &#34;this is the best book i will read in a lifetime and i got that book a week ago and i am halfway there!!! u should definetly get this book on your kindle or look it up in your library or bookstore or etc,
B003EYVXT6|1.0|SPLICE is one of those films that should have been so good.  I wanted to like it so badly.  Sadly, the movie falls short of the mark not by mere inches but by giant chasms.  The plot is plodding and slow.  The cast do a fine job, but Adrien Brody is so underused in this film.  He comes off as a \\"whipped\\" man that has no spine until it is too late.  The creature itself is pitiful and exotic.  I will not give anything away, but as an audience we are asked to make absurd leaps in logic to follow a plot that jumps in silly directions.  It is like the film tries to do too much and never does anything very well.  Skip splice, it is not worth the time.  It is a fine idea poorly executed.
0439023521|5.0|Action packed, romance, danger, it has a bit of everything! Read the trilogy in a week; Suzanne Collins is a genius! I hope they make this amazing trilogy into a movie...
B0011NVC98|3.0|The story of Beowulf is one of the most important works ever written in the English language.  The epic poem is most certainly epic with its gory and heroic battles, especially Beowulf's encounters with monsters like Grendel and his mother.  Most everyone knows the epic, but the ancient story has been taken to a new level by Robert Zemeckis, a director who has created the film version of the epic poem.  The film version is made in 3-D, almost like a cartoon, which is a debatable aspect.  The movie would be better had it been shot in real life, with real people.  Let's be honest here, the movie does not definitely follow the story lines of the poem, and if that's a grievance for some viewers, do not watch this movie.  Sure, the plot line is exciting and is filled with gruesome violence which is NOT cartoony in any way, but that does not make up for the differences between the poem and this film.  There are some similarities between the film adaptation and the poem: heroes, boasts, Grendel has a mother, Beowulf is the epic hero, Hrothgar is king, etc.  However, there are some huge differences which may disappoint some viewers.  For instance, we all know that in the poem that Beowulf kills Grendel's mother as soon as he gets the chance.  In the film, it is learned that Grendel's mother is a beautiful seductress covered in gold who gives Beowulf a child in which Beowulf kills by the conclusion of the film.  Another major difference is the fact the Christian theme is absent from the movie.  The poem is considered to have a strong feeling towards Christianity because Christian monks added Christian aspects to the poem, but in the movie, there is no sense of Christianity.  Furthermore, another difference, is Beowulf's funeral.  The movie depicts a Norse funeral in which Beowulf's body is laid on a boat and sailed under burning fire/ember in order to catch it on fire. The movie is certainly different because Beowulf is just cremated and there is no Norse funeral of any kind.  Clearly, the remaking of this poem into a movie was not a good choice because of directors' changing of certain aspects.  Clearly, the directors wanted to make this story more modern and more likable to viewers by including sexual innuendos and immature actions between Beowulf and other characters, especially Grendel's mother, who is played by Angelina Jolie in the film.  The movie is definitely enjoyable, but as for every film that is made out of a famous piece of literature, the directors must make decisions which may alter the story line and ruin it for those who liked the original work.  Out of five stars, this movie deserves a three, especially because of the differences from the poem.  If a movie is to be made from the first work ever written in the English language, film directors should honor that and follow the poem exactly.
B00005RDRO|5.0|i been looking for this movie everywhere, it means alot to me and i am glade i got it and so fast to, i am REALLY happy
B003ZK58WM|1.0|Ok, charge us full price for an e-book.  But also let us give that book to another Kindle owner when we are done with it.
6305781427|5.0|Yanni at the Acropolis, a once in a lifetime event.  The video and sound are both excellent, and the filming is professionally done.  If you like Yanni, this is a must-have.
B003EYVXYQ|4.0|I notice in quite a few of these reviews that folks are a little disappointed in this entry by Zombie-Master George Romero.<br /><br />While I admit it's not MY favorite of his either (although I DID enjoy the film), I temper that with what I hope is an accurate understanding of something I picked up watching the special features.<br /><br />In an interview contained on this disc, Romero mentions that he would like to create a \\"mythos\\" (using \\"The Lord of the Rings\\" as an example to illustrate what he means) of his \\"Zombiverse\\" (MY term, not his...yeah, I know it sucks).  Some may argue he HAS, in many respects, with his original trilogy, but HE seemed to think he wanted something more cohesive, more epic in scale...<br /><br />If this is really what is in the maestro's mind, perhaps this entry into the series is laying groundwork for future releases, much as George LUCAS had to do with the first of the \\"Star Wars\\" prequels...a lot of people didn't like it, either (I did), but I wonder if they really thought about just how much backstory he had to lay down in just one chapter.<br /><br />Indeed, perhaps Romero had this in mind all along when he re-booted his franchise (aren't you glad I didn't say \\"Zombiverse\\" again?) with \\"Diary of the Dead\\"...maybe we fans are going to be in flesh-munching heaven over the next few years as George serves us up an interlocked series of movies that form a fabric unlike any done before in the genre of fear.<br /><br />Anyway, grandiose postulation aside, I wanted to give any of you interested MY take on \\"Survival of the Dead\\", so here goes:<br /><br />Fans of Romero get what they expect:  The zombies are not the real threat, PEOPLE are.  The shambling undead are there as a catalyst for what transpires between the breathing characters in the flick, in this case a \\"Hatfield and McCoy\\" family feud scenario, taking place on a small island (with the added bonus of the rogue National Guardsman from \\"Diary\\" caught up in the game).  The main conflict raises the question of are the undead STILL who they were; can they be cured?  Or are they just soulless shells now, better to put the body down and celebrate the memory of who they WERE?<br /><br />Heady stuff, on the one hand, but for Romero...well, I'm surprised it took him six films to get to it.<br /><br />I was honestly impressed with the acting...the characters were believable, although some of the situations stretched my suspension of disbelief considerably...moreso than the obvious, of course.  All of the principal cast were well-played, each offering something different to the overall flow of the story, as we the viewer make up our own minds, along with the Guardsmen, just whose side we will take.  Most impressive to me (and this is owed to both the writing AND the acting) is you see characters strugging with themselves; a basically good, compassionate man struggles to convince himself he's emotionless and selfish; two men of questionable moral fiber fight to convince themselves of their perspective \\"rightness\\", even playing up \\"God's will\\"...a hefty emotional sum, not absent from Romero's previous films, but showcased in a still subdued but more  obvious manner.<br /><br />Now lest I get you all thinking this is \\"The Notebook\\" with zombies, rest assured, there's plenty o' gut-munchin' and torso tearing to be had here...some of it viscerally excellent, but some...well, that brings me to why it only gets a three-and-a-half-star rating from me...<br /><br />...my primary issue was the preponderance of digital effects.  I realize that CGI is more economical, both monetarily and in terms of time, and in an independent film such as this will typically be the prime focus, but being a fan of what has gone before it just seems ludicrous in a Romero flick, at least in several scenes.  Maybe I'm being picky, but after Savini's work in \\"Dawn\\" and \\"Day\\", the digitized blood and gore in certain scenes just looks gaudy and amateurish.<br /><br />A final note:there is one interesting departure from the \\"accepted\\" rules of zombies in this film (although not really from Romero's work) that those of you that watch this will see in the latter half of the film, and I'm interested as to whether or not that will play a part (and what part that may BE) in future films (hoping ferverently, of course, that there will BE more).<br /><br />All in all, for Romero fans, it's a definite purchase; you get all that you know and love from George.  For those that are more current in their zombie affections, you should at least give it a rent...it's not a bad film at all, but it may fall a little flat on those that are looking for \\"the next big zombie film\\" from this one...but I DO believe that if you love the genre, you'll find something here you enjoy.<br /><br />...and George, should you happen to read this...we fans are waiting, at least SOMEwhat patiently:)(although not really from Romero's work) that those of you that watch this will see in the latter half of the film, and I'm interested as to whether or not that will play a part (and what part that may BE) in future films (hoping ferverently, of course, that there will BE more).    All in all, for Romero fans, it's a definite purchase; you get all that you know and love from George.  For those that are more current in their zombie affections, you should at least give it a rent...it's not a bad film at all, but it may fall a little flat on those that are looking for \\"the next big zombie film\\" from this one...but I DO believe that if you love the genre, you'll find something here you enjoy.    ...and George, should you happen to read this...we fans are waiting, at least SOMEwhat patiently:)
B0036EH3XE|4.0|The long awaited final season of LOST. The writers made a few choices at the outset that i personally would not have made, but in their usual style they made the choices and stuck to them to the end. the season is just as tense and well written as the ones that came before and the scenery and acting is also up to par. if you were a fan of the previous seasons then you'll already be planning to watch this one. it was not the expected way for the series to end, but it was a fitting one.
B002WIDRM6|4.0|This is a great new group that is in the country music category. \\"Need You Now\\" is one of the best songs released in the past year.
B002ZG98Y6|5.0|Many of the reviews said it was overbearing, dull but don't believe it. \\"Secretariat\\" was entertaining and inspiring from beginning to end.   It brought back many memories from the horse's victories. Being from NY, I especially enjoyed the scenes from Belmont Park.   Even though \\"Secretariat\\" is classified as a \\"family\\" movie, it is not just a movie for kids. Adults will enjoy it as much, if not more, than children.  It was also a nice change from the current crop of movies that are made for shock value or without any semblance of a  story.   I can't wait to see \\"Secretariat\\" again.
0811876373|5.0|I love the book, Its in detail. I have to make some Cake pops, I am collecting the different candies. It looks fun.
0312600844|4.0|It seems that some reviewers can't believe that there are families this screwed up. Wow. I have little reason to read about fully functional families who'se lives are all streamlined and airbrushed happiness. It was Tolstoy after all who wrote at the beginning of Anna Karenina: \\"All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.\\" Most great books are about unhappy families and the good ones always surprise because of there are so many different ways to be unhappy. There's plenty of unhappiness in this book -- which I enjoyed much more than THE CORRECTIONS, so if you liked that book you'll most probably like this one too.  The unhappiness is revealed in stages, peeled back in layers, and paralleled by the awfulness of the political events swirling around the characters. Healing and redemption are part of the story too.  I have some questions about some of the characters (especially the one-dimensional Connie -- never met anyone like that) but most of them are fully realized.  This is a big story, involving some of the big issues of our time, but also a very small story of one family, and the pain that family members can cause one another. What's not believable about that? The best moments of this book are as good as any in any other Franzen novel, and if you like his other books -- and I think they his work is great -- then I can't see why you wouldn't love this book too.
0316069485|4.0|It wasn't his best work and it wasn't his worst one. There were a couple of chapters in the middle that were just great and I was reading so late that I wanna keep going. I woke up early and read them the next morning. I really like Harry Bosch and Mickey Haller is really growing on me and he can hold his own against Bosch. It's another enjoyable read from Connelly.
B003ZJJFKE|5.0|Great album. Best Satch since Crystal Planet. Last ChickenFoot track, Future is the Past, a hint of things to come. Time in the barren Baja desert with ChickenFoot strips any possible overproduction. The bonus cd is worth it. Great tracks are Premonition, Dream Song, Light Years Away, Longing. Enjoy.
0307593525|5.0|Wonderful! Even if you are not interested in all the French recipes... you MUST know and UNDERSTAND all the techniques. With this book everything becomes easy and funny.
0439023513|4.0|I actually gave the book 4.5 out of 5 stars, but we can't do half-star ratings here.<br /><br />This will be in no way a full review, as EVERYone and their mom (and dad and uncle too) have reviewed this book.  You can Google \\"Mockingjay book review\\" and get so many hits that you'll be dizzy!  Even here on Amazon, there are close to 800 reviews! So here goes:<br /><br />Not-So-Bebe Girl Autumn read this book.  Her Facebook status changed to:<br /><br />\\"Reading mockingjay was like being on my period and menopause at the same time ...\\"<br /><br />I didn't really get it, and she really didn't want to explain it to me until I read it.  She said, \\"Mom, you'll understand then.\\"<br /><br />OK .. so I did.  And I was reading .. pretty pleasant .. I like it ... interesting ... Katniss, you are a stubborn kinda girl, aren't ya? ... ahhh .. that was sweet .. OK, I like it ... nothing earthshattering, but still a pretty good read .. then ...<br /><br />BAM!  Oh, my gosh!  That sucks!!  Poor guy!!  He didn't deserve that .. at all.<br /><br />BOOM!  OH, here come the tears.  Can ANYone just find happiness and keep it in this series?<br /><br />BING!  That is sooooo sad.  Wow ....<br /><br />REALLY?!?!  I flippin' can't beLIEVE how treacherous some people are!<br /><br />OK, Katniss ... I think I would have done the same ... she deserved it.  She MORE than deserved it; may she rot in hell.<br /><br />Katniss, I will miss reading about you.<br /><br />I tottered between how I would rate THIS book, as some of my feelings may have been enhanced by reading the others.  So I tried to read it with an eye toward not really having the background stories, and as a stand-alone.  This is why it's not a 5, and the only reason why, because I don't think that enough blanks would be filled in for someone new to the series if they hopped on at this book.
B00005JKGZ|5.0|I just ordered this and so have not seen it yet.  Just wanted to post that AMC's TV show Rubicon forced me to order this!
B003KUSUG8|5.0|F I N A L L Y ! -   Eminem makes great comback. I've been waiting for this CD since 'The Eminem Show'.  Every track is great, and he's thankfully over the tired 'dance tracks', and done being tastelessly obnoxious.   You could tell that this album was in his works for a while, just because it's practically flawless.  It's still funny, but grown up; and a more mature and centered Em.   And the fact that he addresses on more than one occasion how 'wack' his work has been (in his lyrics) is a true sign of growth-     RECOVERY is an understament-
B002WS8U9G|5.0|booth struggling to find himself, everyone wants to help, great mystery too...this is always a very entertaining series
0767834739|2.0|Was unfortunate that the last 30-40 mins the dvd was messed up... kept stopping and slowing down- distortion etc.
1573300403|4.0|This is a very good film with footage probably not seen on other DVD's.  I enjoyed it wey much. Michael at his best. I didn't realize that ther are 2 sides to play on this disc. Well worth the $.
B003L1ZWG2|4.0|Quite a few of these movies have been popping up lately: a horror / thriller film where characters are left stranded in one central location and the chills come not only from anything outside trying to encroach in but also the paranoia and the mental and emotional breakdowns of the characters. The Ruins I felt did this really well as it not only provided the gore and things you'd expect but provided some nice character moments of people losing sanity. Frozen goes for this kind of storytelling as well and actually did something that made me get interested in the film: the characters, or rather, character but I'll leave that for later. Watching Frozen knowing that director of gore-filled \\"Hatchet\\" Adam Green did this makes it kind of surprising like wow, more to this guy than gross stuff and while a couple of things hurt the film, I still found myself getting kind of tense as things get worse and worse.<br /><br />The film centers on 3 characters, Dan (Kevin Zegers), Joe (Shawn Ashmore) and Dan's girlfriend Parker (Emma Bell) going to a ski resort on a Sunday to hit the slopes. Not wanting to spend the money on the ski lift, the 3 eventually talk the lift operator to let them on with a money bribe but thanks to Parker's escapades on the bunny hill, the trio never got any \\"real\\" ski time so before it closed, the 3 decides to take one last chance to ski the mountain but thanks to a misunderstanding, power shuts off, lights go off and the mountain won't re-open until Friday. It's too high up to jump off, wires connecting the chairs are too sharp to cross and the weather is dropping fast. Add to that, howling's heard off in the distance...<br /><br />One thing that tends to be slightly hard to pull off in horror movies is to actually care about the characters. Sure in cases like slasher movies or movies about monsters, the characters are just there to show off how creatively they can be killed, but in a movie like Frozen, it's mandatory that we care about them since the gore will be relatively minor and there's no figure brandishing a sharp...something to fear. Frozen does it pretty well but mainly in the case of one character: Parker. Whether it's just my guyness not wanting a pretty girl to die or whether Emma Bell did a really good job making me care but I actually wanted her to survive the whole ordeal. The problem is with the other 2 is that they either have a certain personality or they do the \\"lazy\\" way of character building which are telling life stories. You know the \\"back when I was 11, my father...\\" type stories where instead of the actor providing a real feeling that this is a person, they just say some backstory and we're supposed to go \\"oh now I sympathize with this person\\". Ashmore does pretty well, same with Zegers but I actually wanted the character of Parker to live through the whole movie.<br /><br />One thing the film doesn't do so well is the weird little things you'll be shouting at the characters in frustration. One character loses their glove and instead of sticking it in her pockets, she keeps it free to be put anywhere on a metal chair that's extremely cold. Characters suffer frostbite on their faces yet they don't zipper up their coats. One tractor operator is about to rescue them until he's called back but then a heavy ski equipment lands on his tractor. Something metal, so instead of going outside the tractor to figure out what the hell hit his vehicle with all that snow and frozen trees around...he keeps backing up. One character decides to jump...straight down onto his legs rather than let his side take the impact or least curl up, and even takes his skis off. They're might be more but that's something I noticed throughout the movie: those weird little contrivances that characters either don't do or they're just not possible. And there's one minor annoyance involving the wolves and considering what the film seems to be hinting could be the main character's fate, funny how they use the easier method.<br/><br />Frozen is the kind of movie that you put on with a partner and you just let the film have fun freaking you out but when you decide to really pay attention to the film, a lot of things could get on your nerves. Not a complete indie triumph but it works pretty well. Just too bad I think Adam Green loves his gore too much to at least try to progress as a filmmaker.ovie that you put on with a partner and you just let the film have fun freaking you out but when you decide to really pay attention to the film, a lot of things could get on your nerves. Not a complete indie triumph but it works pretty well. Just too bad I think Adam Green loves his gore too much to at least try to progress as a filmmaker.
006056251X|5.0|I have been reading Ms. Kleypas' books since 1997 and I have to say that I really loved this book!  I thought it was funny, sad, heartbreaking and all in all a good read.<br /><br />My favorite part most definetly was when Evie told Sebastian that she would like to have a marriage in name only the night after they consumated their marriage and in a fit of rage he advised her that upon his return to London he was \\"going to embark on a spree of orgiastic debauchery that won't end until someone is arrested for it.\\"  (p. 87)<br /><br />The one thing that I find a bit artificial though is how the characters from previous books interact in each book that they appear.  I guess it is Ms. Kleypas' way of separating their personalities and making it so that they don't override the main characters' story, but I would still like to see something other than a mention of their name, or a \\"hollow\\"  appearance in a section of the book.
B000001Y42|2.0|To not know that looooooots of people don't like/respect Limp Bizkit would be the equivalent of not knowing people disliked Adam Sandler's 2001 Little Nicky, that Huckleberry Finn has been a banned book, or that Allen Iverson is a basketball player of questionable character.    Why is that?  In other words, what do people say about Limp Bizkit?  Let's start with the negatives:  - drivel  - heavy amount of cursing  - \\"wish they were black\\" / bad-boy lyrics  - inappropriateness for children (\\"middle school bathroom\\" lyrics)  - 2-3 chords per song  - redundant song structure throughout album  - no key changes within songs  - receives the brute of the \\"angry teenage America\\" complaints from parents  - Limp Bizkit lovers can't spell (there's a review on here that states that and then calls it a day - no joke)    But if this is album with nothing enjoyable to offer, no one would listen to it.  So let's examine the pros:  - groove  - catchy, especially the singles  - high production/sound quality  - impressive array of guest performers (not until later albums)  - accessible, ever so slightly than Korn  - various vocal styles (rapping, screaming)  - overall uniqueness (name a handful rap rock bands?)    (I credit previous reviews for much of the above lists.)    The bottom line is that you gotta know what you're getting if you're looking into Limp Bizkit.  Limp Bizkit is a band I avoided like the plague while I was heavily into the mainstream (1999-2000 with my favorites being Evan & Jaron, Mandy Moore, Lifehouse, The Crystal Method, ATC, Fuel, Local H) because of their cursing and lyrical content and saw no way I, as a 13-14 year old, was ever going to explain to my mom and dad how I could stand to listen to such stuff.  (Now I've heard all of their material up through Gold Cobra.)  Then a friend introduced me to Nightwish (Finnish power metal at the time) in November 2001 and by the end of 2003 I was into melodic death metal and black metal and now I listen to just aboutany metal Europe/Japan/Brasil throws at me (Emperor, Dissection, Stratovarius, Evergrey, Blood Stain Child, Angra, Domine, Primal Fear, etc.).  During this time, I was of the ones who would curse out Limp Bizkit as being the most mindless band (along with Korn, Marilyn Manson, and a few others) one could conceive.    But I've had a revelation in these 10 years I've been into European metal (and that I've grown up and graduated from college):  Bands write what they want to and it's our choice as the listeners what we do and don't listen to.  If we don't like what we hear, we shouldn't be so dumb as to still listen to it!  Duh!  We should be bright enough to look elsewhere, as I have the last 10 years.    Here I am 10 years later looking at Limp Bizkit once again and now I'll tell you what I hear this time around.  I still have no idea who'd want to listen to such angry music, at least without the historical background that actual rap (that is, African American rap) provides us.  What is Limp Bizkit so angry about?  At least black metal bands +believe+ in something; they have religion to hate, churches to burn, and Satan to praise.  And guided passion goes a long way.    Limp Bizkit's songs reek of ego, and a self-proclaimed ego at that.  As said in the lyric \\"book\\" (it folds), vocalist Fred Durst wrote all of the lyrics while the music is credited to the band as a collective whole.  Little is printed there - as far as the lyrics are concerned, it seems just the choruses are there.  (Why can't mainstream bands print +actual+ lyric books???  damn they should take a lesson from Rhapsody [of Fire])  So I went online to get the lyrics.  I'm going to go into a select few individual songs.  I figure I'll start with Sour, a song I heard for my first time on a compilation CD waaaay back in 1997 when it first came out and literally the only CDs in my collection were Jock Jams releases.  I hadn't even owned a Backstreet Boys album yet and now I have over 700 CDs including a small handful of limited quantity black metal albums, such as the 15-year anniversary release of Vinterland's Welcome My Last Chapter and Winter Funeral's Bnis Les Tnbres,  Mon me.    If this album had a title track, Sour would be it, for the last words before the first chorus are \\"three dollar bill.\\"  The song starts off sounding like it could come off a Streets of Rage soundtrack (remember that game for Sega Genesis?).  Aside from one use of \\"s***,\\" this is a total legit breakup song - not offensive, not arrogant, groovy, and I can identify with it.  I think that's the key thing here:  here is a song the listener can actually identify with +++before+++ having listened to the song, as opposed to sheer anger/hatred/violence songs like Break Stuff from Limp Bizkit's next album (where the stereotypical \\"angry American teenager\\" is going to say \\"what?  break stuff?  well hell yeah, let's go destroy stuff!\\" because Limp Bizkit said so).  Kudos for this song.    Let's go back two songs to Stuck.  Polar opposite (almost).  I am repulsed by the spelling of fat as \\"phat\\" well before we even get to the meat of the song.  Shortly thereafter, I hear \\"I get paid to take the microphone and slay the stage / Stay away from all the bros. in my band.\\"  You gotta be kidding me.  Can someone explain to me +why+ I should stay away from the... what bros?  Hammer bros?  Boomerang bros?  Super Mario bros?  This is the egocentric side showing that I don't care one bit for.  I can't identify with this!  No way!  Nor can I find any reason I'd want to indulge in this!  What does an attitude like this accomplish for one in life?  The part that bothers me the most about this is how calmly Fred Durst raps these lines.  If you're angry, then sound angry, dammit!  When he does start to scream several lines later, it's a general anger and the context is forgotten.  This is the fakeness/\\"wish they were black\\" showing.  I'd be willing to bet that a good deal of fans of this song (or haters, for that matter) only hear either the rapped verses or screamed chorus and don't put the pieces of the puzzle together to see the whole picture.  The concept(s) in this song would (I feel) be more appropriately featured in a hardcore song screamed at the top of the vocalist's lungs.  Passionate lyrics need passionate music to accompany them, right?  Seems like someone forgot that when he wrote this song.  (Take this song Betrayed by Antestor, for example.  Christian symphonic black metal.  asks questions rather than states/complains anger.  If it was between this and Limp Bizkit to play for a 12-year old son, it's Antestor.)  And by this point, all I want to do is argue against the lyrics that the rest of the song just goes in one ear and out the other.    This album is comprised primarily of the latter type of songs.  Unfortunately for me, that means it's a hit-or-miss album on a song-by-song basis.  The album isn't horrible.  The album isn't great.  I still shake my heads at the 1-star and 5-star reviews alike (see the above list of pros and cons).  I'll keep giving it a spin from time to time.  And as I understand (this being my only Limp Bizkit album), their later albums feature much more offensiveness.  This is a good starting point for anyone wanting to expose him- or herself to the band, as is the debut album of many mainstream bands from this era (Chumbawamba, 3 Doors Down, Linkin Park, Backstreet Boys, etc.).  I just wish it showcased more of the rest of the band; if this +is+ rock, let's hear some more guitars and drums (Faith has a moving groove, though).    I'll close the review here hoping I've shed some light on the phenomenon that is Limp Bizkit, coming from my unique perspective (which, as you've probably guessed by now, is primarily but not limited to European metal - I love a good Chopin piano piece or a well-mixed trance mix to offset the metal).
B002ZG994U|1.0|Save your money folks. This ones a real sleeper. Nothing in this flick    makes any sense whatsoever. The cast is boring. The plot is boring.    Everything about this new a- team is all wrong. I saw this one at the     theater and the only good thing i can say is that i didn't die watching    it. It even made the popcorn taste bad! I hope that they are not planning    another one. Some things should simply be left alone!
B0044XV3R8|1.0|Hey, Jim! Avatar was a great movie! We saw it in 3D, and we bought the DVD. And now you hand us this...extended cut garbage? Don't you know how to edit your own movie? Gouging me for every last bit of money! That's what's wrong with America, Jim! Absolute Greed! Don't you have enough money? Do something useful--give me a grant to pay for my health insurance! This money-grubbing sucks! I thought you were better than this!
B002XHN776|5.0|This might well be the best Album you are going to hear of 2010. It proves that there is still great music being made by new bands. If you like U2 at all, you have to listen to this album!  If you know their two earlier albums, you will find that they have been working up to this, getting better and better. Still, this is the master piece and will surely pass the test of time as well.
0439023513|5.0|This book is a great final addition to the Hunger Games series. The book has a couple of unforseen twist and a unexpected ending that realates the themes of the book. It is a great book and i recomend it and the 2 others books to everyone. You will not regret this purchase!                           Thanks for a great series Suzanne Collins
B00000K3D4|5.0|This is one of my all time favorite movies.  And now my kids are hooked on it too.
0525478183|5.0|This book was very good i loved the beginning! It was very mysterious as they try to find Margo! The ending is amazing and all the clues coming up to it as well this was a very awesome book!
B000009N6M|5.0|i bet that everyone already knows this classical album, so i won't comment that, but i'd like to say, that it quite surprised me how much different this vinyl version is compared to the cd version. i think that it's not only the medium, but i think that it was mixed bit differently + it is MONO...biggest difference between CD and vinyl i've ever heard...and i like it a lot.
B000RK3JOC|4.0|This was a good book overall but the only thing i disliked about it was alot of the things were predictable.
1416550550|4.0|I admit the switching in time sequences at first had me a bit confused, but as I settled into the story liked the way it unfolded.   It's been a very long time since I read the \\"Secret Garden\\" but think I'm going to go back and revisit that as well.  I enjoyed the historical England chapters the best but thought the author did a good job of tying everything together.  If you like a bit of mystery and if you loved the Secret Garden, give this a try.
0525421580|4.0|This was a good book especially how David and John make the will graysons lives clash together. This was a very creative way but left me wanting just a little more stuff from the book.
0525951652|1.0|With this novel, you see the fall of a great writer.  I enjoy Follett's books but with this one he has fallen way short of his lofty goals.  The problem is with the main characters-WWI, socialism and a woman's right to vote.  These are the main characters not Fitzherbert, Maude, Ethel, Walter, Gus, Bernie, Grigori, Lev etc.  They exist only to spout the platitudes of socialism or of the reasons for or reasons against a woman's right to vote.  Pages upon pages upon pages are spent debating strategies for battles or Lenin pontificating. The human characters are caricatures, Fitz, the pompous vain Lord of the manor, Ethel, the servant girl who is very smart but still falls for Fitz and of course finds herself pregnant, Maud, the strong willed woman who gives as good as she gets and Billy, the uneducated coal minor who outsmarts his colonels and generals.  If you are into WWI and are also interested in the beginnings of socialism, this book is for you. I really am truly sorry I spent money on this book...
0393072231|4.0|Good Read.  Especially if you understand our financial system.  Shows the true corruption on Wall Street.
B003C1QIO6|5.0|Not much that hasn't been written already about Jack.  His music appeals to many, and doesn't appeal to people who crave emotional depth in their music.  Jack is a happy guy.  And why wouldn't he be?  Married to the love of his life, rich, can spend his days surfing, playing with kids, etc.      Amidst all the calls for him to change it up, I ask \\"Why?\\"  He's successful making music that he enjoys making;  why change his style?  If you don't like it, don't buy it! I can't stand when people change so much that they are unrecognizable as artists (yes, Matt Costa, I\\"m talking to you!).  Jack is predictable in a good way.    That being said, this album is Jack's finest musically.  He shows that he has electric guitar chops, he uses harmonica, a woman singer for the first time, and the piano is more muted than Sleep Through the Static, which I felt used piano too much.  Every song has a little something in it to make it just that much more interesting.    If you aren't a Jack fan, this won't change your mind.  If you are, you will come away from this album happy with your purchase, and probably wear out your media drives with how many times you listen.  More of the same, but that's not a bad thing.
0735619670|4.0|I do feel that this should be required reading for anybody serious about doing software development.  If you are a junior programmer or fresh out of college, I don't really care what you know (or think you know) you should read this book cover to cover.  If you are a more advanced you can still find some value in it or at least show it to the junior programmers and tell them that you aren't the only person who cares about variable names :)    I just felt this really reminded and enforced the idea that software craftsmanship is worth spending some time on and quality code/coding standards make life easier for everybody.
B000024V8E|3.0|I first heard this groups music at a friends Thanksgiving gettogether. And  maybe because my friends family and me too are all of Irish/Scottish ancestry?  there was something about Enya music that really appealed to me.  But now  I bought quite a few CD's and even some sheet music, but I tired of it pretty  quickly-for some reason, and don't much care for it now.
0596007124|4.0|I really feel like I came away with a solid understanding of the topics presented.  While they justify the presentation medium in the beginning, I do feel that at times the pages felt a little busy and were sometimes difficult to focus on.  Only other complaint was the lack of real world examples.  However, I still have yet to see anybody describing the patterns using real world examples.  The only time I see realistic use of patterns is actually real patterns found in various programming frameworks that I use.  Perhaps its just our OO lot in life to see example of Dog inheriting from Mammel which inherits from IAnimal (or Starbuzz coffee).  But I do highly recommend this book looking for a good book on design patterns.
0312370849|4.0|Julia Jarmond, an American journalist living in France, is told to write an article on the 60th anniversary of Vel' d'Hiv, a roundup of Jews by the French police in 1942. As Julia discovers more about the Vel' d'Hiv, she becomes fascinated with the story of a particular ten year-old girl and her family who were arrested. Julia discovers that Sarah, this girl, locked her little brother in a hidden cupboard during the arrest, thinking they would be back shortly. Julia uses this intricate research as an escape from her own life, her own little girl, and a husband who is becoming increasingly distant. The life of Sarah even begins to parallel Julia's life in certain ways.     Tatiana de Rosnay wrote a masterpiece in Sarah's Key. For the first half of the book, the story jumps from Julia's life with first person narration to Sarah's life with third person narration. I appreciated that different styles of narration were used because it is more difficult to follow otherwise. Eventually, we stop following Sarah and only find out things about her life as Julia discovers them.     To be completely honest, I was not enamored with Julia as a protagonist. Sometimes I just wanted to shake her and yell that she was doing it all wrong! On the other hand, Sarah's story was absolutely captivating. I wanted more, more, more! Eventually, I had to just tolerate Julia in order to find out what happens to Sarah. I do not think we are supposed to love Julia as a character-she is meant to be stubborn and self-absorbed (at times). In an author's interview in the back of my copy (Reading Group Gold), Tatiana de Rosnay states she \\"created a character who could really exist and that women can identify with!\\"     I was a child who was always fascinated with the Holocaust. I mainly could not believe people would do something like that! Of course, politics and war are lost on a child, but I could certainly understand the horror and tragedy. There are many children's books written about the Holocaust, particularly about Jews in hiding, and Sarah's Key took me back to those. Even if it takes a little while to get into, this book is a must read for people interested in the Holocaust or historical fiction in general.    This review originally published at [...]
B002ZCY7QY|5.0|CHUCK is the best show on TV.  My wife & I really enjoy rewatching the previous seasons on Blu-Ray.    Chuck, Sarah, Casey, Morgan are a great cast along with the many other wonderful characters, actors & actresses.
B000MQC9H4|5.0|Sometimes you see a film where all of the actors are perfectly cast.  This one is definitely in that category.  I can't think of who else would be as appropriate for the parts.  This is a delightful film, a good Sunday afternoon view.
0545265355|5.0|Absolutely fantastic trilogy that deserves all the praise it gets.  I read the entire set in a 36 hour period.  I also worked and took care of my family but spent every other moment reading.  I couldn't put them down.
B002ZG98XW|5.0|Best movie I have seen in a long time.  Oscar worthy!!!  Even though I knew how it ended, couldn't help but tear up at the end.  Truely a wonderful picture!!!
B0019N8P2W|4.0|Dang, it's great to see this show again!  There are very few animated shows that attempt to capture real life in a remotely intelligent way, and I haven't yet seen anyone do it more intelligently than Daria.  Sure, lots of the individual characters are dim, shallow caricatures, but that's the point; aren't most of the people you know wasting their human potential, too?  It's how Daria sees the world.<br /><br />It's a real shame that the originally aired music couldn't be included... maybe in 25 years, after all of the copyrights have run out, we'll get the full glory of the original.  In the meantime, this is a great way to remember the 90s and/or your high school years.
B00127RAJY|4.0|Great workout, specially for beginners, even that it last just half hour, you sweat a lot.
0979660742|3.0|This review is for the \\"original edition.\\"<br /><br />I ordered this not knowing what was meant by \\"original edition.\\" It turns out the text was greatly expanded in later editions, so this one is missing much surely useful content. The quality of the printing is also crap. What's there is very good, extremely concise (perhaps too much so) English grammar advice, but the more recent editions are a much better choice.
B00006J3WH|5.0|As most Buffy fans will tell you, along with \\"The Body,\\" \\"Once More With Feeling\\" was probably the best episode of television ever produced.  This sound track immortalizes that same episode as well as providing moving C. Beck pieces from \\"Restless,\\" \\"Hush,\\" and \\"The Gift.\\"  This CD is both halarious and moving as every episode of Buffy tended to be.  It is surely a must for all avid Buffy fans.
0060254920|5.0|This book is great. We had to have a copy for our little girl and we actually have 2 copies, one being in Japanese that we found on a Navy base during a book give away while stationed overseas.
B003ZK58WM|4.0|A liitle drawn out in places - overall a great book - like other reviewers the Kindle price is outrageous! sorry Amazon got my copy elsewhere.
0316098337|5.0|This book is so haunting that it stayed with me long after I finished reading it. Of course, it is very much like the Duggard story and that's in the back of your mind the whole time. Still, it reminds you how much time you really have if there's nothing of the Outside intruding. It also reminds you that one person's prison is another person's whole life.
0525951652|1.0|Well, well, well.  I bought this book because of Follet's successful recreation of Medieval England in his The Pillars of the Earth and World Without End.    But, regrettably, this attempt at a repeat in the history of the early 20th century is a marked failure.  It is neither good history nor is it good fiction.    If you want to read good history, for the Russian revolution, go to Orlando Figes' A Peoples' Tragedy and to any number of good histories dealing with the First World War.    And if you want to read good fiction, you can't do better than Stieg Larsson's triple blockbusters on   The Girl with the Dragon Tatoo, The Girl Who Played with Fire and The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest.  (Now Larsson is a real writer of gripping fiction)!    But Follet is reduced to attempting to hold your interest by dropping in (about every 20 0r 25 pages) a bit of gratuitous sex that has absolutely nothing to do with either the history or the fiction.    I certainly won't be buying the next two volumes of this contemplated trilogy.  In fact, the first volume of that trilogy which is the subject of this review will remain on my shelf as I do not plan to share it with any of my friends as I normally do.     What a disappointment.
B0006AAS5G|4.0|although slightly larger than normal, this is a very handsome watch, easy to size and read
B0030Y11XS|5.0|This is a true depiction of what is happening in America. Presented with a constant wisp of humor, it presents a system founded on greed and propelled by greed. I would highly recommend this documentary to everyone. It deals with a slow cancer in our culture that will eventually destroy us. Like the proverbial frog in a pan of water gradually heated to a boiling point, the question is will the American people wake up and change their condition before it is too late. Definitely a five star documentary.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|I ordered this headset on a Saturday and got it on the following Monday. Amazing. First off the sound is great and I love the voice chat function because I'm always using the mic to talk to friends. Second, I love being able to walk around my house without worrying about tripping over a wire. My mom hates these though cUse I can never hear her when she calls me. There was a small hissing sound but that was just because the controller had low battery so don't get scared if you hear that, just change your batteries.   Peace, happiness, and love.
6305428042|5.0|I love this movie and have since I was a kid (I'm 28 now). I watch it every Fall!
0529060892|3.0|I was looking for the New American Bible, 1970, and what I received was a more recent edition.
B0025VLELQ|4.0|THE LAST STARFIGHTER is one of those films--not really well-written, effects that are ground-breaking but unpolished, and actors that range from just wonderfully classic (Robert Preston) to just so-so.    This film really benefits from the Blu-Ray treatment--it's sharp, clear, and artifact-free--something quite important due to its early Computer effects.  The extras--particularly the long making-of are a joy to watch.    A great buy all around!
0375703764|4.0|I really wish the sex in this book had been less graphic.  I understand why it's there, but if Danielewski had found some way to stay true to his phenomenal vision while being a little more subtle about the sex, then I could buy a copy of this book for each of my friends without feeling like a pervert.  Because, the pornographic parts aside, this is one of my favorite books ever.  It is basically a love story of a complicated family made of complicated people, and they find themselves in a Gothic horror story, which becomes a fictional documentary, which is analyzed in a pseudo-academic work full of hilarious footnotes to sources that don't exist, which is then edited by a hopeless but lovable loser who watches his life fall to pieces as a result, and the book finally reaches the reader with one more layer of visible editorial input.  This is definitely a book for people who like reading footnotes - I feel snobby when I say this, but I wouldn't recommend it to someone who hasn't done at least a semester of college to get familiar with an academic writing style.  It is also hilarious, deeply unsettling, and challenging on a number of levels (for example, when characters enter the labyrinth, the footnotes become non-linear, so the reader must navigate the labyrinth of the book itself to know what's going on, and sometimes the words take on a visual dimension, as a character climbs a ladder in a passage that can only be read from the bottom line to the top, or he squeezes through a passageway that is so small that the author can only fit a few characters on the page).  For all the creepiness, this is a pure joy to read, and I devoured five hundred pages of it in one day, with a hunger for more.  It has been a long time since I've read any book that I've been so eager to recommend to friends - at least, the friends who won't be too offended by the sex.
B0019NB9A2|5.0|FORBIDDEN PLANET is one of the most ground breaking SF films ever made--the very first time a major film studio put its full effort into doing such a film.  The new Blu-Ray makes the film more beautiful then ever--a flawless transfer and great sound makes this film look the way it did on the big screen 54 years ago!  If you haven't seen Forbidden Planet--or you don't think 50's SF can be thought-provoking, this is the version to get!
B000O77SOK|5.0|Every so often, a program on television transcends the medium and becomes such a riveting, emotionally-compelling yet intellectually-stimulating experience for viewers willing to engage themselves in it. In 1997, David E. Kelley reached a crescendo in his creative writing with the debut of \\"The Practice\\", which abandoned the light-hearted, quirky \\"dram-edies\\" that viewers previously associated him with in \\"LA Law\\" and \\"Ally McBeal\\" in favor of a truer, less-heralded look at the moral and professional dilemmas attorneys and prosecutors face within the judicial system. From it's debut, the show's storylines always seemed to touch on many of the issues and situations from real world news - be it the death penalty; assisted suicides; the sanctity of attorney-client privilege; or challenges to religious themes. The scripts were superbly supported by an extremely underrated yet exception cast - highlighted by then-little known Dylan McDermott in the lead as Bobby Donnell. McDermott's ability to convey passion and emotion, either in staunch support of his client and profession or in humility and vulnerability as a man struggling with his internal demons and sense of morality, was reason enough to watch this series every year but, when his ensemble added in brilliant efforts by Steve Harris (Eugene Young), Camryn Manheim (Ellenor Frutt), Michael Badalucco (Jimmy Berlutti) Kelli Williams (Lindsay Dole) and Lisa Gay Hamilton (Rebecca Washington), the overall result was incredibly captivating.     A major part of the engine driving the weekly storylines was the duality Kelley used in revealing the legal issues and challenges from both sides of the \\"fence\\"; the obvious perspective from the defense attorney's side was a given but gained significant appeal and interest for the viewer when balanced against their opponents, the district attorneys representing the state. From the 2nd season through the 7th season, Lara Flynn Boyle was a mix between a fierce adversary and a sympathetic ally as one ADA; in between, some wonderful characters in the DA office (Jason Kravits as the pack-dog DA Richard Bay in Seasons 4-5; Bill Smitrovich as the jaded and bitter DA Kenneth Walsh in Seasons 6-7 were 2 of the more prominent ones) were wonderful as opposing forces for the law firm. Add in equally colorful and distinctly diverse acting performances by several of the judges that recurred throughout the run of the show and a viewer couldn't help but fall in love with this show. Behind all of that was an incredible use of lighting, instrumental music, photography, sets and film techniques used to separate the simultaneous storylines with the different characters.    In a nutshell, the first 7 seasons with largely the same cast offered its TV audience a wonderful blend of legal drama that was built around the full range of emotions inherent in the law. Sadly, due to production costs that were mandated by ABC to be cut in the wake of a crippling shift in the show's scheduling (from its ratings-winning home on Sundays for the first 6-1/2 seasons to Monday half-way through the 7th season), the series underwent a massive (and in my mind, unjustified) overhaul by eliminating the majority of the regular cast (including McDermott, Williams, Boyle and Hamilton).    While the 8th and final season offered some remaining appeal with the retention of Harris, Manheim and Badalucco, the shift to James Spader in the lead led to far more eccentric, off-the-wall cases and stories that seemed to try to \\"lighten\\" some of the grittiness that was intrinsic in the previous 7 seasons and make Spader's character (Alan Shore) the focal point of every episode. Kelley admittedly was already developing an off-shoot series centered around Spader that eventually materialized into \\"Boston Legal\\" after ABC canceled \\"The Practice\\".     All I can say is that, for me personally, \\"The Practice\\" remains one of my all-time favorite shows. Whether it was \\"realistic\\" in how it portrayed the law isopen for debate but, given that Kelley is a lawyer-turned-writer, it appeared very credible and, more importantly, very entertaining and stimulating to watch. For anyone who craves a viewing experience that captures all of the desired qualities I mentioned (great acting, stories, production), you owe it to yourself to invest in the only DVD release to date.
1416594884|1.0|After you get to the very unsatisfying non-ending, you'll wish you had not wasted your time or money on this book. It would make more sense to reread one of his older novels instead.
B003HLM2QO|3.0|Unfortunately, there aren't a lot of memorable songs on this one, Let me hear you scream is great (great video too!) but other than that the songs don't hold up all that well.  It may be time for Ozzy to hang up the mike, know when to say when.  Only true diehard Ozzy fans should entertain owning this one, and even then I'm not sure how much they'll like it.
B00005JKEZ|5.0|Now this is a Movie with a capital \\"M\\" from Hollywood's greatest era. Errol Flynn, the action hero successor to Douglas Fairbanks, forever defines the cinematic Robin Hood in this 1938 classic. Flynn's Robin Hood leaves all other interpretations in the dust. ROBIN HOOD is a good old-fashioned swashbuckling adventure story that has all the elements---drama, comedy, romance, action---in just the right proportions.<br /><br />England is in the midst of an insurrection. Sir Robin of Locksley is a Saxon baron who is battling Prince John (Claude Rains wearing an absurd Prince Valiant haircut) and Sir Guy de Gismond (Basil Rathbone). The Norman Conquest of 1066 has displaced the old Saxon nobility. It is now 1200, and Norman-French rule is slowly being asserted throughout the countryside, mostly (but not always) peaceably.  The usurping Prince and and his henchman have seized control of the country in the absence of the Crusading King Richard The Lionhearted, and are overtaxing their subjects in order to fill their own coffers. Robin Hood, accused of outlawry, takes up residence in Sherwood Forest in order to do battle with these evil men.<br /><br />ROBIN HOOD is a romantic fantasy about Good versus Evil, with a stirring Korngold score, colorful and amusing characters, corny, intentionally stiff dialogue, knights in shining armor, and a damsel in distress, Lady Marian FitzWater, played by the lovely Olivia DeHavilland, (who would go on the next year to cinematic immortality as Melanie Wilkes in GONE WITH THE WIND), insanely sexy in period costume.<br /><br />This is very much a highly stylized stage play with Shakespeare-like pretensions. It's all pure fun. Heroic Robin and his Merry Men swing through the forest engaging in dramatic swordplay with one-dimensional bad guys, stealing from the rich to give to the poor, and putting their hands on their hips, throwing back their heads, and roaring with laughter---\\"Ha ha ha ha!\\"---at every opportunity. Whole pigs roast on spits, people are drinking mead out of horns, and lute players are doing their thing. This film has all the stereotypes (which we had never seen on film before in 1938). Everybody is wearing tights.<br /><br />This film was made in Technicolor, and the vivid primary colors add a wonderful and fantastical quality to the movie. In terms of sheer shine, it even outperforms the innocent, enjoyable Disney cartoon version (which was very much based on this one). It made me wonder why they stopped using Technicolor for certain films.<br /><br />Actually, watching ROBIN HOOD made me wonder why they stopped producing bright, heroic escapist action films at all. To hell with \\"reality.\\" When I look at the Kevin Costner or Russell Crowe versions compared to this, they have no magic at all.<br /><br />Want to see \\"the real\\" ROBIN HOOD?  Watch this one.mead out of horns, and lute players are doing their thing. This film has all the stereotypes (which we had never seen on film before in 1938). Everybody is wearing tights.     This film was made in Technicolor, and the vivid primary colors add a wonderful and fantastical quality to the movie. In terms of sheer shine, it even outperforms the innocent, enjoyable Disney cartoon version (which was very much based on this one). It made me wonder why they stopped using Technicolor for certain films.     Actually, watching ROBIN HOOD made me wonder why they stopped producing bright, heroic escapist action films at all. To hell with \\"reality.\\" When I look at the Kevin Costner or Russell Crowe versions compared to this, they have no magic at all.    Want to see \\"the real\\" ROBIN HOOD?  Watch this one.
0385342047|3.0|I usually disagree with negative reviews of Shopaholic books. Some reviewers, I think, take the books too seriously, finding heavy themes where there are none intended. Yes, Becky is a bit shallow and financially irresponsible--that's the point! Yes, the books are extremely light and somewhat silly--and thank goodness. In my opinion, the chick-lit genre was nearly killed by pretentious books that try to deal with major issues, while disguising their intentions with a cute cover and title. There is no artifice in Shopaholic books--what you expect is what you get.    However, this was not one of the better books in the series. I hate to say it, but this one really was too shallow. In the previous two books, the emphasis was more on Becky's relationships and less on her shopping. In this one, though, the book focuses on plans to throw a big party--and that's more or less it. Interestingly, there are several mentions of a bad economy in the first part of the book--but then that plot is scrapped and it's onto how much money Becky can spend on the most lavish party ever.     It also seemed like a book was skipped in the series. Becky mentions the settling of a trial, and about how several house purchases fell through as though these were plotpoints in another book--but they weren't. I wonder if the book that would have taken place during Minnie's infancy was abandoned at some point. It was an odd two year jump in the continuing story.    All in all, I enjoyed it, but it wasn't up to the level of some of the other books in the series. I'd give it 3 and a half, but since there are no halves, I'll round down.
B003DFJW9E|5.0|This soundtrack is honestly amazing! The music adds such a great quirky/dramatic/interesting element to the movie - I would not change anything about it. I couldn't get the main theme out of my head for a week after watching the movie for the first time.  I think it's Hans Zimmer's best work so far - even considering his scores for the Pirates of the Caribbean movies, which are also excellent.
B003UTUQ3E|1.0|First, an apology to Bowie fans - this is one of his best albums, and I love every note of it. And the live show is a must-have.<br /><br />However.....<br /><br />This was originally listed (in 2009) as another of his surround remixes, ala \\"Ziggy\\", \\"Young Americans\\", \\"Stage\\" and \\"David Live\\". Now it ends up it's all in stereo. Arrrgggg.<br /><br />Many, many people have surround setups in their main AV rooms. All of these setups have, at the very least, dolby digital surround sound. And all of the aforementioned surround releases would play on these people's systems. And all four surround remixes were revelatory, to say the least. \\"Stage\\" caught my attention like never before.<br /><br />So it's one star only, directed to whoever made the decision to go with stereo only, even if it was Bowie himself (shame on you, David!). DAMN, but I wanted to hear \\"Station to Station\\" in surround. Hopefully they'll eventually release the Berlin trilogy in surround before I die. My god, I'd wet my pants over that.
0345505387|4.0|I must be used to Diana's giant books because I finished this in one day! The cartoon lay out is different and in my opinion just ok. I understand you cant do the whole book in this form so unless you read the original you might be somewhat lost. It was different and I hope no more time is wasted doing another one.
030745455X|4.0|Though I did enjoy \\"Tattoo\\" (I gave it 3 stars), this volume in the trilogy is better than the first in my opinion, and I'm starting to get what all the fuss is about.  The plot is suspenseful from the beginning pages of the book and thanks to Salander's questionable morality, there are many mysteries throughout the book that keep the pages turning fast.  Lisbeth Salander is, by far, one of the most interesting woman protagonists I have read in literature and I can't wait to read more about her in book 3.
B003VANOFY|5.0|This is absolutely the most amazing earphones I have ever used.  The bass sounds deeper and more rich than my current 12\\" pioneer connected to my surround sound setup.  The range runs pretty far as well through two solid brick walls with no quality loss.  The app software works well and extremely simple and easy to use.  Overall the best investment one could make when going for gaming earphones!!!
B003A03RRU|4.0|I read Doyle's Complete works of Sherlock Holmes in the early 60's as a youngster... a red, cloth covered volume that was more than 2 inches thick. Looking back, these stories helped me learn to observe my surroundings....    If you're interested in \\"All His Adventures\\" you should look for: (this is an edited version from Wikipedia)    The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes    Contains 12 stories published between July 1891 and December 1892 with original illustrations by Sidney Paget.        * \\"A Scandal in Bohemia\\"      * \\"The Red-Headed League\\"      * \\"A Case of Identity\\"      * \\"The Boscombe Valley Mystery\\"      * \\"The Five Orange Pips\\"      * \\"The Man with the Twisted Lip\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Blue Carbuncle\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Speckled Band\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Engineer's Thumb\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Noble Bachelor\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Beryl Coronet\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Copper Beeches\\"    The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes    Contains 12 stories published between December 1892 and November 1893 with original illustrations by Sidney Paget.        * \\"The Adventure of Silver Blaze\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Cardboard Box\\" (this story is included as part of His Last Bow in American editions of the canon)      * \\"The Adventure of the Yellow Face\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Stockbroker's Clerk\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Gloria Scott\\" (Holmes's first case, described to Watson)      * \\"The Adventure of the Musgrave Ritual\\" (another early case, told by Holmes to Watson)      * \\"The Adventure of the Reigate Squire\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Crooked Man\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Resident Patient\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Greek Interpreter\\" (Mycroft appears for the first time)      * \\"The Adventure of the Naval Treaty\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Final Problem\\" (Watson reports the death of Holmes)    The Return of Sherlock Holmes    Contains 13 stories published between October 1903 and January 1905 with original illustrations by Sidney Paget.        * \\"The Adventure of the Empty House\\" (the return of Holmes)      * \\"The Adventure of the Norwood Builder\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Dancing Men\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Solitary Cyclist\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Priory School\\"      * \\"The Adventure of Black Peter\\"      * \\"The Adventure of Charles Augustus Milverton\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Six Napoleons\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Three Students\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Golden Pince-Nez\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Missing Three-Quarter\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Abbey Grange\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Second Stain\\"    His Last Bow    The collection was originally called Reminiscences of Sherlock Holmes and did not contain the actual story His Last Bow, which appeared later, after the full-length The Valley of Fear was published. However later editions added it and changed the title. Some recent complete editions have restored the earlier title.    Contains 9 stories published 1908-1913, 1917.        * \\"The Singular Experience of Mr. John Scott Eccles\\"      * \\"The Tiger of San Pedro\\"              (the above make up a two-part story usually listed in anthologies as \\"The Adventure of Wisteria Lodge\\", but originally published simply as \\"A Reminiscence of Mr Sherlock Holmes\\")        * \\"The Adventure of the Cardboard Box\\" (this story is in The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes in British editions of the canon)      * \\"The Adventure of the Red Circle\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Bruce-Partington Plans\\" (Mycroft appears)      * \\"The Adventure of the Dying Detective\\"      * \\"The Disappearance of Lady Frances Carfax\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Devil's Foot\\"      * \\"His Last Bow\\" (told in third-person)    The Case-Book of Sherlock Holmes    Contains 12 stories published 1921-1927.        * \\"The Adventure of the Mazarin Stone\\" (told in third-person)      * \\"The Problem of Thor Bridge\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Creeping Man\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Sussex Vampire\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Three Garridebs\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Illustrious Client\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Three Gables\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Blanched Soldier\\" (narrated by Holmes)      * \\"The Adventure of the Lion's Mane\\" (narrated by Holmes)      * \\"The Adventure of the Retired Colourman\\"      * \\"The Adventure of the Veiled Lodger\\"      * \\"The Adventure of Shoscombe Old Place\\"    Enjoy!
B002O5M4SA|5.0|This is what you call a Sleeper Movie and a feel good movie. Even though it has violence in it, it is poignant and the performances by a young Natalie Portman, a frenchman Jean Reno and a villanous Gary Oldman are fantastic.  I also got a $10.00 gift card to Staples reducing the price of this video!
0142000655|5.0|This is my favorite work of fiction, and I think it could be in contention for the best work ever.
B00003CXDB|2.0|The connoisseur of women will no doubt agree with me that a woman's back has a special beauty, and the shots of Daryl Hannah's back in this film were by far its high points.  I went to see the sequel--Money Never Sleeps--thought it poor, and decided to watch the original to see what all the fuss had been.  Truly a poor film.  Silly, transparent plot.  Awful writing and acting, although to be fair to Michael Douglas, an actor can do only so much with the lines given him.  Charlie Sheen was completely unbelievable, and underperformed even his 2-1/2 Men TV appearances. I don't understand why this film gained or has retained any sort of reputation.  I really was surprised at how bad it was.  Don't waste your money.<br />-----------------------------<br />As for the VOD service, I am once again disappointed.  It cuts out far to often, and rather than recovering itself, requires a browser restart or least a page reload.  I don't understand why Netflix outperforms Amazon's VOD so clearly (to be fair, you can't use Netflix on Ubuntu, while you can use Amazon VOD).
B003F8LSCS|5.0|In my personal opinion I think this doble CD is a gift from Njord because we can listen a different gotic metal or sinfonic metal , She (Liv Kristine) has a beautiful and sweet voice and these atributes are a excelent complement with the music. When I listened for first time the song (Njord) I said! I NEED TO BUY THIS ALBUM but the Special Edition because is a gift for all NEW FANS like Me!!!
0525951652|5.0|I have anticapated and read Ken Follett's books for years!!!  I have every one and have NEVER been disappointed.  Take that back, the prison dairies were not good. However, everything else is well researched and the pages fly.  If you are a Follett fan, you will not be disappointed.
B002A4Q652|4.0|I like this band, in general I think DELAIN is gotic metal gruop like others, but She has a special voice and of course She is beautiful, Delain has a excelent keyboardist like a Martijn Westerholt ex- Within Temptation. Sincerelly I never hear this band but when I listened the song April Rain, I said! sounds great! I don't have the first album LUCIDITY!!! but the second album it's very interesting. This album is part for my personal collection  now!!!
B002ZFQD0E|5.0|I was walking in Athens Georgia when a poster of Janelle Monae in that art deco headdress caught my eye.  My 17-year-old daughter said \\"That is Janelle Monae, a very good singer, you might like the album.\\"  We went in the shop and got the last copy of the CD they had, and I have been diving deeper and deeper into this delicious confection ever since.  It is the soundtrack to a hip-hop opera that has not yet been written.  It is surreal, touching on many themes that resound in all of us: relationships, institutional oppression, conformity, unfolding of the Self, the nature of reality.  With a beautiful & versatile voice, body, imagination (she is beyond a triple threat) and dance moves that won't quit, Ms. Monae weaves a tapestry of musical ecstasy that encompasses many styles and feelings, telling a story in an authentically original voice that ends with inspiration.  You go girl!!!  I was thinking she could never perform these songs live with all the incredible effects on the album, but I hear she's also fabulous live; hope to catch her somewhere soon...
B0035V35P8|5.0|I would have to give this movie a 10 out of 10 because, as far as ninja movies go, it's as good as they get.  They deliver on the action, costume's, set design's, and props.  The acting isn't going to win any awards but it's not bad, and could have been much, much worse.  The scenes set in Japan look amazing.  Rain-the actor who plays the main character does a very good job.  Naomi Harris and James McTeigue are a good match for each other and the storyline as well.    If you're in the mood for mindless entertainment and you feel like watching a ninja movie, this movie is perfect!  It fulfills every need a movie called \\"ninja assassin\\" should have, and then some!
B002VECM4A|5.0|A Must See! Moving and emotional- a peek into a world and a culture that will open your eyes! Don't Miss This One!
1591843162|5.0|Linchpin - Are You Indispensable? has book format, but in fact is a gift, a piece of art. It has been a long time that a book didn't spark me so much. I started reading it around 10pm and I couldn't sleep, even when I forced myself to bed at 1am. The thoughts, the ideas, the possibilities (within myself!) that the book unlocked is just comparable to a good kick out the nest that a mother eagle might give to its baby eagles.<br /><br />Linchpin is a manifesto of greatness - not to get more money, not to get rewarded, not for any selfish other reason, but just because we can be amazing artists and give gifts that change the world into a better place.<br />A linchpin is an artist that gives away the gift of her art. But we are not talking about painters (not only at least - a painter can also be a factory worker, following the rules and the regulations, the exact opposite of linchpin).<br /><br />Linchpins are doing their art everywhere and they are indispensable. It's art when you call the customer service and that person treats you like a human being, it's art when you don't listen to the lizard brain and put that new idea in practice at work, it's art when someone solves problems that no one even identified, it's art when a designer shows us how amazing it can be to have something that is more than a phone. Linchpins are the people who are leaders, not managers, not employees, not factory workers - and, first of all, they lead themselves, so they can lead the world to great things. The best part is that anyone can become a linchpin. Some people might not want, but certainly can.<br /><br />That's my gift to you. I hope it sparks your curiosity enough for you to buy it, borrow it in the local library (or from me!), download it in iTunes or even - coff coff - go for an illegal way of getting it. Just don't let the factory crush what you can be. Unleash your potential and become a linchpin - you will be happier as a side effect.
1401900682|1.0|Don't get me wrong, these are nice cards, but really OVER priced for what you are getting. I feel ripped off. This item should not be over [...] bucks. Read item description closely, you can make your own affirmation cards for much less. Plus they send it to you Federal Express and you MUST be home to sign or they will not leave package. Really disappointed.
B003Y8YXEO|2.0|Prior to it's release, Power To The People was declared to be a great improvement in sound.  I have a hard time agreeing with that opinion.  Like the sonically enhanced Beatles collection last year, there is really no reason to upgrade discs you may already own.  The EMI engineers did a very good job the first time around.    I don't think there is anyway to clean up the oversaturated messes of songs like Power to the People, Cold Turkey, and Instant Karma...but that was part of their charm to begin with.    The biggest problem with this album is its song selection.  Nothing from John Lennon Plastic Ono Band or Live Peace. Couldn't they have included more songs. The whole disc clocks in at under an hour.     I do think the cover photo to be quite nice.  But, I hate these cardboard covers that force you to touch the disc each time you play it.
0060922583|5.0|I became interested in the holographic paradigm as a result of doing some other wiki searches. I then stumbled upon Talbot's essay which led me to this book. I cannot say enough about the clarity of his writing style. He has taken an extremely abstract concept and a way of thinking that defies our \\"everyday\\" logic and written a book that is mind-blowing. Not only do I \\"get it\\" but I want to know more. The implications of this research are so broad I can see why mainstream bias sweeps it under the rug. Incredible read. Kept me up for hours.
B003J27WFW|5.0|This was a gift, and the recipient loved it.  We saw Rush in Syracuse, NY at the NYS Fair.  Our friend Steven went with us.  We all totally enjoyed the concert.  Ages of our group ranged from 23 to 56.  What band can completely mesmorize an age group like this!!!  RUSH can!!  AND DID!!!  Thank you Rush for your awesome talent and your stage presence, you ROCK!!
B0032JTV6U|1.0|Can't rate this item because I never received it! This is due to the terrible delivery service (not) provided by UPS and the awful follow-up by Amazon. After 6 telephone calls (long distance!) it was still never delivered. I am extremely disappointed and angry at this. It is now more than 1 month later and I have still not received a refund, either!
0312600844|5.0|Okay let's agree about several things.  Franzen can write some disgusting prose.  His characters remind me of people I have known -- and continue to know.  His Washington sceenes capture the \\"who can we use\\" nature of this city.    That said there is something very positive and uplifting about this book.  And some of the prose is absolutely breathtaking.    A totally satisfying read -- my first kindle book.
B00000JG41|5.0|... seeing them live off the back of the California Tour, this album's material was easily the strongest on the night.    If you think it's obscure then one listen to Disco Volante will make you think California is a walk in the park to listen to in comparison. However, trademark Mr.Bungle means that just when you think the music is settling into a traditional course, it changes tact and flies off in another direction - yet still staying with the main theme - it's quite music genius really.
0439023513|5.0|I enjoyed this book very much just as I did the previous two in the series.
1741048303|5.0|Most reviews concentrate on the main tourist attractions. I will concentrate on the capital - Jakarta. Sure, it's a concrete jungle of 9 million (and 11 million more in the suburbs), but it's also a place that has such a negative and undeserved image in the media, that this guide is a must read if you want the real picture.    1) Jakarta is SAFE. Asian megalopolises are amazingly safe by western standards (like Bangkok or Seoul) and Muslim megalopolises are also amazingly safe by western standards (as Cairo). Jakarta combines both of these in one. It's a city of 20 million with a crime rate that must be multiplied by a two digit number to reach that of London, Paris or New York, not to mention Johannesburg or Mexico City. Violent crime is virtually non-existent when compared to the above cities. Yet in the media, two bombings (of 2003 and 2009) get a lot of press time, but the everyday truth gets almost none. And the truth is that you are more likely to encounter violent crime in even a mid-sized city or many small towns in the USA & Europe then in Jakarta! For a city with such a population and so much poverty this is a true miracle.    2) Jakarta does have good shopping, very cheap prices for hotels and a fast and uncrowded system of public transportation. These things are omitted by many guides, especially the last one. And the Transjakarta buses are a true miracle. Many people don't spare them a glance as they are no metro or rail system, but they are ingenious (as experts say). They have their own lanes along the roads and stops every 1 km or so. And the system covers most of the city today, but is still planned to grow almost double in size. The 2010 edition of LP Indonesia in the moving around section (and a boxed text) gives justice to Transjakarta. Another first as publications are concerned (as with crime).    This may not be much if you need a guidebook to Bali, but as you already know from the other reviews that the book is comprehensive and covers all ofIndonesia (as almost no other does), the fact that it gives justice to a place with bad and undeserved reputation should also count for something. Most of you readers come from a country that shares the same problem. As many due. Think about what the Europeans thing of the USA or the French of the UK. All the negative stereotypes. Wouldn't you like a book that truthfully challenges all the lies about your country? Well this book battles such stereotypes on Indonesia and yet doesn't give ANY propaganda, just the bare truth. That's one more reason to buy it!
6305428042|5.0|Hocus Pocus is a Halloween classic. I look forward to the month of October just to watch this movie. I hope it stays televised for a long time!
B003KGBIRU|5.0|The first disc starts off with \\"Hotel Chevalier,\\" a short film that acts as a prequel of sorts to The Darjeeling Limited and provides a backstory to Jack. In France, he meets with his ex-girlfriend in his posh hotel room. The usually modest Natalie Portman shows quite a bit of skin in this film and shares quite a sensual moment (especially for an Anderson film) with Jason Schwartzman's character.<br /><br />Also included is a theatrical trailer.<br /><br />There is an audio commentary by writer/director Wes Anderson, co-writers Jason Schwartzman and Roman Coppola. The three of them start off discussing their writing process and how one's subconscious plays a role. They touch upon various aspects of the production, including production design, cinematography, and so on. Interestingly, the three of them were responsible for their own Whitman brother to write for. A lot of the commentary is spent recounting all kinds of filming anecdotes.<br /><br />The second disc starts off with a \\"Conversation with James Ivory.\\" He and Anderson talk about the Indian music used in the film. Anderson was influenced by and used several musical cues from Ivory's films. The veteran filmmaker talks about some of his early Indian films with clips illustrating some of the music from it that Anderson used.<br /><br />There is a visual essay by Matt Zoller Seitz about the film and how it best sums up everything about Anderson's films. Seitz provides fascinating analysis over clips from the film and the short film as well.<br /><br />Also included is a 40 minute making of documentary by Barry Braverman. It takes a fly-on-the-wall approach to the production with plenty of footage of Anderson and his crew filming on location. The documentary provides some fascinating insight into what it must be like to make a film there and how Anderson adapted his methods there.<br /><br />\\"Sriharsh's Audition\\" features footage of a child Indian actor trying out for the film.<br /><br />There is a deleted scene and two alternate takes that run just over three minutes. We see Peter Whitman playing cricket with some Indians. There is an alternate take of the three brothers running down a hill and then one of them trying to board an airplane.<br /><br />Also included is a clever American Express commercial that Anderson shot around the time of [[ASIN:B0007UC8Y4 The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou - Criterion Collection]]. In it, the filmmaker slyly parodies the notion of making a film while also paying homage to Francois Truffaut's film [[ASIN:B003VA3JTA Day for Night]].<br /><br />\\"Oakley Friedberg/Packer Speech\\" is a slideshow presentation that a boy made while his parents were working on Darjeeling Limited. He and his folks about helped out the locals while they were there.<br /><br />\\"Trophy Case\\" is an amusing little bit about the \\"awards\\" that the film won.<br /><br />\\"Waris' Diary\\" is a collection of very brief snippets of behind-the-scenes footage not shown in the documentary. They provide additional insight into the production.<br /><br />\\"Stills Galleries\\" features photographs by on-set photographer James Hamilton and also candid snapshots by Owen Wilson and Adrien Brody's mothers.<br /><br />Finally, \\"Sketch by Roman Coppola\\" is footage of Anderson, Coppola and Schwartzman traveling through India while they were talking about and writing the screenplay for Darjeeling Limited.es. We see Peter Whitman playing cricket with some Indians. There is an alternate take of the three brothers running down a hill and then one of them trying to board an airplane.    Also included is a clever American Express commercial that Anderson shot around the time of [[ASIN:B0007UC8Y4 The Life Aquatic with Steve Zissou - Criterion Collection]]. In it, the filmmaker slyly parodies the notion of making a film while also paying homage to Francois Truffaut's film [[ASIN:B003VA3JTA Day for Night]].    \\"Oakley Friedberg/Packer Speech\\" is a slideshow presentation that a boy made while his parents were working on Darjeeling Limited. He and his folks about helped out the locals while they were there.    \\"Trophy Case\\" is an amusing little bit about the \\"awards\\" that the film won.    \\"Waris' Diary\\" is a collection of very brief snippets of behind-the-scenes footage not shown in the documentary. They provide additional insight into the production.    \\"Stills Galleries\\" features photographs by on-set photographer James Hamilton and also candid snapshots by Owen Wilson and Adrien Brody's mothers.    Finally, \\"Sketch by Roman Coppola\\" is footage of Anderson, Coppola and Schwartzman traveling through India while they were talking about and writing the screenplay for Darjeeling Limited.
B002ECN4P0|1.0|Kind of expensive, took a long time to ship, and many of the Stones best songs are missing from CD??? I would not classify the content as 'The best of the Rolling Stones'. Mild mis-representation.<br /><br />Gravy1
B00127RAJY|5.0|...if you know how to work it!!    These 3 workouts (level 1 through 3) are fantastic as they each take about 27 minutes including warm up and cool down, but they are highly intense and you will see results for sure after about 7 to 10 times through. You are getting a great cardio work out that doesn't only boost your cardiovascular system in no time while building lean muscle simultaneously.  Yes, there are only 3 minutes of abs in each workout, but your abs are called into action throughout many of the other moves as well. There are a lot of plank exercises, specially in level 2 and 3, and they alone work your abs far better than any crunch, so no worries about your abs being short cut here!    This DVD doesn't include any instructions on how to use these workouts, other than a vague suggestion to keep working on one level daily till you are ready to move up to the next level. I have an ACE certified trainer license, and I knew right from the start that this wouldn't work for me. I was already in somewhat decent shape, I started on 127 lbs on a 5'7\\" frame. I practice power yoga for about 5 years now but recently found myself doing it only once a week for maintenance, and after gaining a little weight a felt I had to step it up a notch.    As there is a lot of jumping and plyometrics involved in the 30 day shred, I am doing these workouts every other day to protect my joints and give my muscles a chance to recover and rebuilt. I think doing these every day will backfire on you and sabotage results unless you are already really strong and in tip top shape. The last thing you need is injury or burn out half way through. Remember, more is not always better! To prevent getting bored to death, and keep my muscles guessing, I also rotate through the levels. I never did one level two times in a row, let alone 10 times like suggested. Don't be intimidated by the more advanced levels, just keep modifying and do what you can. Level 2 is more strength oriented and level 3 ismore about cardio, it makes sense to change things up.     If you need to loose a lot of weight, throw in some moderate intensity low impact cardio on the in between days, and don't forget to clean up your diet - practice portion control and avoid hydrogenated / trans fat and high fructose corn sirup like the plague!!!    What I love so much about this DVD is that it helped me to push into a new fitness level and provided me with an enormous boost of confidence. I love to watch my abs shaping and my whole body getting stronger, and I am inspired to get back into teaching and finally going after my yoga teacher certificate. I kept pushing that off due to low back problems, but now I feel I am strong enough to make it through.    If you need a good boost of motivation, I recommend reading \\"The Body Fat Solution: Five Principles for Burning Fat, Building Lean Muscles, Ending Emotional Eating, and Maintaining Your Perfect Weight\\" by Tom Venuto, that should keep you on track no problem, very inspiring! [[ASIN:1583333290 The Body Fat Solution: Five Principles for Burning Fat, Building Lean Muscles, Ending Emotional Eating, and Maintaining Your Perfect Weight]]    And remember to be good to your body, don't punish it for years of neglect by over exercising or starving it, instead train it, shape it, fuel it with the right foods, and watch the magic happen..... :-)      By the way, I don't own the DVD, but bought the 'video on demand' version right here on Amazon. I run it on my laptop, and I don't have to bother with the issue of skipping the intro so many people complain about, also it is only $[...], and no shipping :-)
B0041VV03A|4.0|Excellent make up/creature development in this film. Not over the top like many sci-fi films but realistic and believable which adds to a good storyline and well acted characters.
B00356CO1E|5.0|...if you know how to work it!!    These 3 workouts (level 1 through 3) are fantastic as they each take about 27 minutes including warm up and cool down, but they are highly intense and you will see results for sure after about 7 to 10 times through. All you need is 3 -5 lbs dumbbells and a mat. You are getting a great cardio workout that boosts your cardiovascular system in no time while building lean muscle simultaneously.  Yes, there are only 3 minutes of abs in each workout, but your abs are called into action throughout many of the other moves as well. There are a lot of plank exercises, specially in level 2 and 3, and they alone work your abs far better than any crunch, so no worries about your abs being shortcut here!    This DVD doesn't include any instructions on how to use these workouts, other than a vague suggestion to keep working on one level daily till you are ready to move up to the next level. I have an ACE certified trainer license, and I knew right from the start that this wouldn't work for me. I am 40 and already in somewhat decent shape, I started on 127 lbs on a 5'7\\" frame. I have practiced power yoga for about 5 years now but recently found myself doing it only once a week for maintenance, and after gaining a little weight a felt I had to step it up a notch.    As there is a lot of jumping and plyometrics involved in the 30 day shred, I am doing these workouts every other day to protect my joints and give my muscles a chance to recover and rebuilt. I think doing these every day will backfire on you and sabotage results unless you are already really strong and in tip top shape. The last thing you need is injury or burn out half way through. Remember, more is not always better! To avoid boredom and keep my mind and muscles guessing, I also rotate through the levels. I never do one level two times in a row, let alone 10 times like suggested. Don't be intimidated by the more advanced levels, just keep modifying and do what you can. Level 2 is morestrength oriented and level 3 is more about cardio, it makes sense to change things up. After six weeks I am still exited about every workout, and I haven't gotten bored yet one second.    If you need to loose a lot of weight, throw in some moderate intensity low impact cardio on the in between days, and don't forget to clean up your diet - eat 4-6 times a day, practice portion control and avoid hydrogenated / trans fat and high fructose corn sirup like the plague!!!    What I love so much about this DVD is that it helped me to push into a new fitness level and provided me with an enormous boost of confidence. I love to watch my abs shaping and my whole body getting stronger, and I am inspired to get back into teaching and finally going after my yoga teacher certificate. I kept pushing that off due to low back problems, but now I feel I am strong enough to make it through.    If you need a good boost of motivation, I recommend reading \\"The Body Fat Solution: Five Principles for Burning Fat, Building Lean Muscles, Ending Emotional Eating, and Maintaining Your Perfect Weight\\" by Tom Venuto, that should keep you on track no problem, very inspiring! [[ASIN:1583333290 The Body Fat Solution: Five Principles for Burning Fat, Building Lean Muscles, Ending Emotional Eating, and Maintaining Your Perfect Weight]]    And beginners remember: quality over quantity, do this every other day and then give it your all! Be good to your body, don't punish it for years of neglect and overeating by overexercising or starving it, instead train it, shape it, fuel it with the right foods, and watch the magic happen..... :-)
B00138CXJY|5.0|Good Lord! I'm the first to review this album? This is one of the masterpieces of western popular music -- an album that hit like a bombshell and effected the culture of the 1960s. Dylan was like a comet, a freight train, a semi barreling down a lonely night highway. We were all caught in his wake as he articulated things we vaguely felt. He was a startling talent, a monumental singer, guitar player and, especially, a Shakespeare of song. He was the Bard of our time, we 'Boomers'. This album, transitional from the folkie days into the power of rock, was played a million times as the soundtrack of our lives. Every other song is a brilliant milestone; the rest are merely better than most artists ever achieve. If you haven't heard this album, GET IT!
B002RVZV9K|1.0|I honestly don't know how a film maker could make such a boring piece of dribble with a) the budget, b) the time spent on the film c) three guitarists of this caliber.      Anyone hoping for insights on the craft, technique, gear, or anything of depth for that matter might be disappointed.  So much of this film was staged or scripted, it barely feels like a documentary.    On the other hand if you're the type that can listen to droll guitar playing for an hour and a half, and gets excited seeing stock footage of U2 and Led Zepplin, then this is the film for you.
0316069884|5.0|I have been eating mostly vegetarian since I read this book.  I have been very careful to eat meat from responsible farms since reading this book.  I understand that there are two sides to every story, but this book really spoke to me and I have changed my life because of it.  I am so grateful to Jonathan Safran Foer for writing this book.
B000FC0ZEO|5.0|From the first time I read a Robin Hobb story, I was hooked on her style of writing. Definitely start with the Farseer Trilogy series, and the Liveship Traders before reading the Tawny Man series. There are so many pieces that fit together as you read through this series.<br /><br />When I first read the Farseer Trilogy, I was left with an emptiness inside. Not from the story itself, but a feeling of loss from leaving the stories behind. It was more an feeling of wanting to read more, even though the series had come to a close. As the first two books built the story up, this third book in the Tawny Man trilogy put together a lot of answers. Not only to this trilogy, but taking things I loved about the first trilogy and completed the series for me. I could not think of a better way to bring everything together. I found myself in joyful tears while reading through the final chapters.
B00005Y7AW|5.0|Up to now, I have only had his initial album.  This offering somehow did not come to my attention, and it is just a great addition to his foundation.  I recently heard in Portland extensive excerpts of his opera which has a lot to say for it.  I fully expect that this writer may be the one to actually cross over between modern and classical,  and do what Gershwin did with \\"Porgy & Bess.\\"
B000FBFMIO|5.0|From the first time I read a Robin Hobb story, I was hooked on her style of writing. Definitely start with the Farseer Trilogy series, and the Liveship Traders before reading the Tawny Man series. There are so many pieces that fit together as you read through this series.<br /><br />From the first page of this new series, I found myself jumping through my memories about all the characters from the Farseer Trilogy. It was great to see how they all fit back together, and how Robin crafted details from the first series into this one. She is an excellent storyteller, and made this trilogy as much a pleasure to read as the first.
0553805371|1.0|p. 5: \\"Philosophy is dead...\\"<br />This is the Grand Claim of Mr. Hawking and Mr. Mlodinow. They may have well as written: we'd insult you, but you probably wouldn't understand it.'<br />p. 164: The Earth is \\"a mere garden variety.\\"<br />p. 165: The Earth is quite \\"unremarkable.\\"<br />p. 178: [verbatim]: \\"Imagine a entity like that.\\"<br />No, I did not leave the \\"n\\" from the \\"a\\".<br /><br />In summary: This book is a mere garden variety of unremarkable Theories and Bad Analogies. Further, they have proven beyond doubt that great learning does not carry with it, sense.<br /><br />In this instance, save your money and instead, get On the Shoulders of Giants or go to Wikipedia for similar content.
B000FBFML6|5.0|From the first time I read a Robin Hobb story, I was hooked on her style of writing. Definitely start with the Farseer Trilogy series, and the Liveship Traders before reading the Tawny Man series. There are so many pieces that fit together as you read through this series.<br /><br />I found that I ended up reading the Tawny Man series back-to-back (which I ended up doing with each of the Robin Hobb trilogies prior). Book 2 wasn't as ground-breaking or involved as the first book in the series, and left a feeling that it was just leading into the third book more than anything. Even so, it was a pleasure to be a part of the journey.
B000002KGT|5.0|After their second self-titled album (this one with new recruits Stevie Nicks and Lindsey Buckingham), the new look Fleetwood Mac deliver yet another easy-listening 5/5 classic. Overall, this album too has an easy-listening ambience, but it does do rock and a little bit of country rock too...maybe you'd call it roots...at least one song reminded me of the kind of music you'd hear in the George Clooney movie \\"O brother, where art thou?\\".       The best songs: \\"/\\"      Go your own way - an uptempo rock song with a great drum rhythm during the verses...will have to add this song to my list of songs with good drum sections to them. Has a distinctive bass guitar and a great electric guitar outro. Also features a steel string acoustic guitar too, I believe. I like the latter's steely faintness.  Buckingham sings. Biggest tick for this song.    You make loving fun - has a distinctive beat in by drummer Mick Fleetwood. A bassy track...perhaps via the keyboard. Christine McVie carries the song with her floating vocals. Good lead on the electric guitar. Has good variety and texture in the guitar sounds. Keyboard also features. Multi backing vocals too...by Christine McVie and Stevie Nicks.    Never going back again - dual acoustic steel string guitars, I think. Their note playing is delicate and carry a nice melody. Song is just guitars and Lindsey Buckingham's gentle voice.  Hmm...maybe Stevie Nicks does a little backing vocal on this too?    Second hand news - dual acoustic guitar, delicately playing, one in each speaker. Buckingham sings with Nicks backing on the right hand speaker. Electric guitar and organ feature at the end. Catchy song.    Dreams - has a distinctive bass and country style electric lead guitar. Nicks sings in her trademark sensual and delicate style.  Nicks  and Buckingham and Christine McVie provide the backing vocals. Acoustic guitar and organ also feature. Small tick song, as well as the next one.    The chain - this is the song which reminded me of the \\"O brother, where art thou?\\" soundtrack. Buckingham and NIcks harmonise on dual lead vocals. Christine McVie on backing vocals at times. Think I can hear a banjo in this song. Electric guitar and organ also feature.      The rest:      Don't stop - hmm. Not sure how much I used to like this song in years gone by, but now I pretty much consider it \\"The Democratic Party theme\\". They used it as their theme in an election campaign. Their use of this song wasn't as egregious and wrong-headed as The Republican Party's use of \\"Born in the USA\\", but still.... Anyway, the song has a nice tone to the piano and also features an organ. Not sure how you'd describe that music...honky tonk? Boogie? Rag? Maybe it reminds me of the style of music that Fats Domino music plays in \\"Blueberry Hill\\". Was listening to a classic pop/rock station here in Australia and it had Christine McVie saying the song is a message of hope for her partner - John McVie - after they broke up. That's nice...but I keep thinking Democratic Party though! In any case, this is a lively rock song with electric guitar. Buckingham and Christine McVie sing.     Songbird - a pleasant ballad with piano and delicate guitar strumming. Christine sings gently and prettily.     I don't want to know - has a sort of Lou Reed song type intro...maybe I'm thinking along the lines of \\"Sweet Jane\\". There's a small glitch 0:22 minutes into the song. Buckingham and Nicks once again harmonise in a catchy way. Bassy, acoustic and electric guitar, hand clap percussion.    Oh daddy - gentle song with delicate keyboard notes and a pipe organ sound to it as well. Christine sings with a pure voice. She also provides the backing vocals sometimes too. Dual steel string acoustic guitars, piano and bass.     Gold dust woman - has dual slide guitars, perhaps. Nicks sings with Buckingham providing backing vocals. Mick provides a tribal rhythm on bongos or some such at times. Song has a country flavour to it...the strings sound tightly wound. Interestingly, you can hear something smashing in the background...that's 55 seconds from the end of the track (according to the cd display).       Recommendations:      Fleetwood Mac - Fleetwood Mac (the one with Buckingham and Nicks on it). 5/5    Fleetwood Mac - Tusk.  5/5    Billy Joel - The nylon curtain. 5/5    Billy Joel - Glass houses. 5/5
B003PIUBZS|5.0|Awesome quality picture. love it. my husband and i wanted to keep this season as a collection, cant wait for the 2nd edition.
0143058134|5.0|Thank you for your prompt service with the merchandise. I appreciate it greatly and it was in proven condition.  Thanks!
B00335EQ0E|5.0|It's a nice animation if you have kids or not. You can't miss it on your collection.
B003EYVXUK|5.0|After having first viewed the American release (Let Me In), I simply had to take a peek at the original Swedish version (Let The Right One In).  I have to say, save for a few liberal moments, the American version was far superior.  Of course, that could simply be a matter of perspective:  If I had seen the Swedish version first, I might feel differently.  That being said, I loved this film (Let Me In).  Owen (Kodi Smit-McPhee) and Abby (Chloe Moretz) were outstanding.  An instant vampire classic -- as entertaining as Anne Rice's Interview With The Vampire and Bram Stoker's Dracula.  Can't wait to see it again.  Highly recommended.
1600247253|2.0|I have the whole Harry Bosch series. Love that character! I was looking forward to this release since I first heard of it. I'm so disappointed. Rather than a whodoneit, most of the emphasis was on the court room. Then it ENDS with a teaser of Bosch taking off to track down a lead. Connelly could have at least concluded the book with the resolution of those murders since it was the same murderer. But no. It just ends with no resolution. I will do much more research before ever buying another Connelly/Bosch book again.
B000000WHX|5.0|delighted to have bought a second hand cd. it was in perfect condition and arrived very quickly from the UK. Thanks!
B003F3NDWG|5.0|I pre-order in may and then on october 6th it arrived. The dvds are awesome!! The entire order is great because the dvds are amazing and the price is very nice!!
0385040253|5.0|This book, although written towards sailors, is the definitive knot book in existence. Everything is in it, from boating knots, to fishing knots, to household knots, even a dozen ways to tie a neck tie. Don't waste your money on the other books, get this one and you'll have it forever. The illustrations are plentiful and accurate, very useful if you really want to figure it out.
B0044430H8|5.0|I frankly don't know if there's any positive \\"cool factor\\" to Nine Inch Nails and Trent Reznor anymore.  Probably the opposite.  But for anyone who's held on long after the beginning of the popular decline of NIN, you'll know that Reznor continues to be a really amazing, trailblazing composer and producer.      His work has always had a really cinematic feel (just look at the vocal-less Ghosts, which could by itself provide a compelling score for dozens of films, and is often used to create unique storytelling atmosphere in This American Life).  It seems far overdue for him to make a full score for a film, and it pays off.  I listened to the album a lot before seeing the movie, so I was already a fan.  But the music contributes so heavily to the energy-building first act of the movie, it surprised me by how effective it is.  It's no small contribution to the critical and box office success of the movie.  I'm hoping to see Trent on the stage at the Oscars next year.
0385342047|5.0|Our adorable but frighteningly out-of-touch protagonist, Becky Bloomwood is back.  The biggest change in the life of Becky and Luke is Minnie....their adorable and slightly out-of-control toddler.  The story opens with the Bloomwoods being escorted out of the Santa Grotto in the local shopping mall--after a stellar performance in \\"toddlers run amok\\" by the inestimable Minnie.  Becky is in complete denial about Minnie's behavior....meanwhile, Luke is concerned enough to consider \\"consulting specialists\\" and is certainly putting their plans for growing their family on hold.    Fans of the series will love the drama as only Becky can bring it; from stuffing her mouth with carrots in an attempt to fool the nanny into thinking Minnie is a good eater, to developing a completely deceitful way of personal shopping for her clients at The Look, to her determination to throw Luke a suprise birthday party--while Cutting Back.  Meanwhile, Minnie has learned how to say \\"Visa.\\"    Kinsella has brought back Becky Brandon, nee Bloomwood, in all of her glory.  Laugh out loud fun.      DYB
0756659841|5.0|An instant hit.<br />We use them as a kind of reward for both of our kids (8 and 5), giving them the right to choose one and stick it where they fancy when they have been behaving well. Meaning I can foresee that this stickers book will last forever :)<br />It has a lot of stickers and a number of pages where to stick some of them as you are used to finding in sticker books, but many stickers are to be used outside of the book - very nice.
0375842209|5.0|I might not have ordered this book if I had seen the \\"Young Adult\\" label.  I am so very glad that I didn't.    I spent a good deal of time pondering this book and I think it excels at showing an interplay between the extraordinary and the ordinary.  Death narrates but not as an evil figure...he's rather ordinary despite having the job of carrying souls away from bodies.  Death's not happy about his job but he isn't the cause of the end of a life...he just comes in to deal with the ending (and these are busy times for him with the war and the death camps).  Likewise, the novel's characters are ordinary citizens living in Nazi Germany before and during WWII.  Most are swept along in their times, there aren't many bad people and Hitler Youth and swastikas are just part of their world...it is their normal, their ordinary...even if some recognize something is amiss.  Some, including the main character and her family, show extraordinary bravery in their quiet resistance.  These are truly acts of heroism, but they are (in some ways) just acts of ordinary humanity (handing bread to a hungry man, sheltering a Jewish man) that are rendered heroic by the context of their times.    The style of the novel is a bit unique, with the omniscient narration at times interrupted with short, bulletpoint thoughts or facts.  The style appealed to me (a lover of lists, bulletpoints, and non-traditional stories).  I saw a review that said this wasn't a quick read but I found the pages flew by fast and I was through the 550 pages in no time at all.  It is, however, a story that I'll ponder for much longer than it took me to journey through the words.  Strongly recommended
B0027BOL4G|5.0|This dvd was VERY insightful and informative. To understand where exactly our food is coming from and who has control (greedy politicians) was eye opening. Organic all the way!
0321525655|5.0|I was positive surprised about the easy to understand concepts in the book. Even if I knew that the current PowerPoint presentations were awful, I didn't know how to communicate better. I completely agree that presentations nowadays serve as documentation with the corresponding result: the presentations are awful documentation.    I look forward when these concepts will be applied in our company.    I can fully recommend this book.
159448385X|5.0|Gripping story! I couldn't put the book down.... amazing what people are able to endure. The strength & courage displayed by the 2 main female characters was extraordinary! LOVED IT!
B000784WMW|5.0|Awesome presentation of a well-known classic,.  Have most renditions in my video collection, and this one, by far, is one of my favorites.  Timothy Dalton does a smashing performance as Mr. Rochester.  Worth getting.
B0019N8P2W|4.0|Overall I am impressed with this package.  The designs and packaging are cool, the show is still amazing.  Really the only downside is the licensed music issue, but in reality it had been so long since I had seen this show that I didn't really notice I was missing out on anything.
0896760278|5.0|I have always loved historical fashion and after the first time using this and Janet Arnold's other books while working in a costume shop I had to get my own copies of them. The patterns are wonderfully drafted and scaling them up is a breeze. Yes, there are alterations that had to be made to some of them size-wise, but nothing worth sweating about. My books have seen lots of use though I still haven't managed to make anything for myself. The details that are provided with sketches and the patterns are wonderful for anyone looking to reproduce any of the garments. That being said, they aren't the best representation of the time period nor of the different classes, but it is still an amazing series of books.
0316069485|5.0|I am getting very tired of the stupid reviews of a book based only on the price.  I am more interested in the quality of the book.  If people think that the price is too high, they certainly have the option of not buying it.  But basing a review on the price is totally irrelevant.  I wish that Amazon would filter these reviews so that only germane ones would be reported.
B003Y8YXH6|5.0|The original slick-as-snot production of Double Fantasy has not been improved by remastering--the Stripped Down version, however, is a different story. First off, what a joy to hear (Just Like) Starting Over without the cloying choir! The alternating songs by John and Yoko sound like they belong to the same sessions now, instead of some clumsy editing job of separate solo efforts. Each song benefits from the more intimate (and rocking) sound. The album as a whole is infinitely more listenable. John's humor and rock and roll instincts and Yoko's, sometimes brutal,  directness play well off each other. I give the Stripped Down version 5 stars not only because the songs sound great, but because I can happily play it in my car--which is the real test of a classic.
B003YWUTKM|3.0|It has been a while since the last Orb album release.  Actually, it has not been that long since Baghdad Batteries  was out in October of last year.  It seems Dr. Paterson is up to some more audio trickery, incorporating one David Gilmour of prog, psychedelic , rock masters..., well you know who.  How this particular setup was conceived, thought-up, dreamed, will most likely be info only those that contributed to this will be privy to.  But all is well, cause an Orb project with Gilmour should be out of this universe, right?<br /><br />Different set up here.  Youth is probably the main producer here, with Nock and Bran assisting both on the mix and in programming. You hear through the mix all kinds of samples thrown in at what seems to be random moments.  These samples seem distant at times and filtered or effected at other points in the mix.  The albums' sound has an airy, delicate and dreamy ambience to it.  At the beginning of side 1, there sounds like an audio humm level brought up in the mix for musical effect and then as soon as it came in, it was faded back out in to more static and then some very cosmic sounding melodies.  Could almost hear the air blowing through the speakers at some very quiet parts of the album.  Love how the music just slows right down, almost blown to a stop by an Orb conductor with about nine minutes left in side one.<br /><br />It would be interesting to know what samples Alex was using for this one, but then again, that might be missing the point.  Maybe at points, he was resampling older Orb? Will never know I guess-maybe after copyright clears!<br /><br />Playing this album reminds me of listening to Dark Side of the Moon over and over again with friends in the dark.  Nothing but a black light and silence as we studied the brilliance of what made that record so enduring.  I think this record is kinda low on real structure. (Although there seem to be quite a bit of starts and stops) It doesn't really present itself as whole concept.  Just go in and jam away over this sequence and edit it together in the end.  That said, I feel like this project is supposed to be real ambient in feeling overall.<br />Also seems to be less of an Orb contribution on overall mix.<br /><br />The Orb is back with a LP that demands a few listens before the listener truly hones in on the nature of the sound that was intended by all involved.  A very relaxing way to spend an hour.way over this sequence and edit it together in the end.  That said, I feel like this project is supposed to be real ambient in feeling overall.  Also seems to be less of an Orb contribution on overall mix.    The Orb is back with a LP that demands a few listens before the listener truly hones in on the nature of the sound that was intended by all involved.  A very relaxing way to spend an hour.
1416914285|5.0|City of Bones, which is the first book in The Mortal Instruments series, is an excellent read.  Clary, Simon and Jace are wonderful, with Jace being especially captivating.  Clary is a take-charge person and her situation of trying to put her life back in order is easy to relate to even though this series is fantasy fiction.  The series will have you addicted and you won't be able to stop reading until you have finished the triology.  This series is listed as YA fiction, but I would definitely recommend it to anyone who loves the fantasy fiction genre.  I can't wait until the fourth installment, City of Fallen Angels, is available in 2011.  In the meantime, there is the prequel series, The Infernal Devices, by Clare.  The first book in this series is Clockwork Angel.  The Mortal Instruments series is a must read!
B004132I4S|4.0|In 2009, Sufjan Stevens contributed a song called \\"You Are the Blood\\" to the excellent compilation album, Dark Was the Night.  At the time it was released, it was one of the first original Sufjan pieces I'd heard in years, and at 10 minutes, it seemed to signal a change in the style of music the artist was interested in creating.  It was not only the song's length that gave it away, but also the heavy emphasis on electronic instrumentation.  While the more dedicated fans out there know that electronic music is nothing new to Stevens, he had yet to really combine it with his more orchestral pieces in the way that he did in that song.  I, for one, found it to be a refreshing take on his usual schtick which, like it or not, just wouldn't have been as enchanting now as it was in 2005 (if only for the fact that we've all been listening to it for five years).  With The Age of Adz, Sufjan continues to evolve his sound in a similar manner to \\"You Are the Blood,\\" with almost-perfect results!<br /><br />The album begins with \\"Futile Devices,\\" a beautifully soft acoustic song that serves more as a palette cleanser than as a track indicative of the whole of Adz.  Sufjan's billowy vocals float lightly over his delicate guitar-picking, putting the listener at ease and giving us the chance to enjoy the wonderfully-written lyrics.  It ends abruptly, if not beautifully, running head on into the glitchy percussion of \\"Too Much.\\"  This song is the real primer for  The Age of Adz.  It adds synths and electronic percussion to great effect, but simultaneously retains what was always so great about Sufjan Stevens' music - namely, a brilliant composition, lively vocal arrangements, and music that is constantly engaging.  It literally sounds like a classic 50-states era song with some newly-introduced instruments.  It's easily one of the album's catchiest tracks, and the one on which most opinions will be hitched; positive or negative.<br /><br />From here, Sufjan continues to trek into new territory.  Title track, \\"The Age of Adz\\" begins with a flood of horns and flutes that make it sound more like the soundtrack to an epic battle scene than a Sufjan Stevens song.  Unfortunately, a lot of that momentum is thrown out soon after and the song reveals itself to be a bit more ho-hum than it led on - like a sheep in wolf's clothing.  \\"The Age of Adz\\" reveals pretty plainly what the album's greatest flaw is, and that is Stevens' reoccurring difficulty to write a compelling vocal melody.  The same guy who was able to make a song about a serial killer into a oddly-catchy sing-along can barely assemble a strong string of notes on a few of the songs on Adz.  Granted, on tracks like \\"All For Myself\\" or \\"Bad Communication,\\" he seems more focused on creating an atmosphere than a melody, but he does so at the expense of arguably one of his greatest talents as a songwriter.<br /><br />\\"Get Real, Get Right\\" picks up where \\"Too Much\\" left off, blending upbeat glitch percussion and more traditional instrumentation with a strong hook.  Surprisingly strong, in fact, considering it features Sufjan and Co. singing \\"Do yourself a favor and get real, get right with the Lord.\\"  Sufjan's never been one to shy away from his faith in music, but it's rarely been so plainly written and joyfully executed.  Whether it's done in jest or in earnest is debatable, but the brilliance of the song is not.  A person with a less open mind might be quick to judge then when Sufjan proudly declares just a few songs later that he's [..] - but I personally find it to be one of The Age of Adz's most-enjoyable moments!  The moment happens in the second half of \\"I Want to Be Well.\\"  On first listen, I was caught off guard by the sheer brazenness of the language.  Sufjan has always been a very delicate writer.  However, by the time he's passionately shouting the line over a chorus of vocals singing \\"I want to be well,\\" I'm right there with him, cheering him on!  This is not an emotion we are used tofrom this guy, and it is made all the more powerful as a result.<br /><br />A lot will probably be said about the way that Sufjan decided to end The Age of Adz.  Any song that clocks in at over 25 minutes is certainly a sign of overindulgence, and \\"Impossible Soul\\" is certainly not an exception to this rule.  But to its credit, the song never tires, never bores - not once in its 25 minutes!  Plus, the song gives us a featured performance from Annie Clark, a dance section, and one of the most tragic endings to a song I've heard all year.  Is it unnecessary?  It's hard to say, really.  To be sure, his use of auto-tune in one section is questionable (and perhaps unintentionally funny).  But at the same time, the technology has definitely been used to worse ends in the last few years!  And let's not forget that \\"Impossible Soul\\" is perhaps more accurately viewed as the second half to a double album or an EP within an LP.  Even without its inclusion on Adz, the album is brilliant, however its place at the end of the album gives The Age of Adz a more touching ending and an increased depth.  There is a lot to take in here that many of listeners may not appreciate until after repeated listens.<br /><br />Whether people end up hating or loving The Age of Adz, one can't really fault Sufjan for wanting to try his hand at self-reinvention.  In 2005, this guy was on top of the indie music world.  It would have been easy to milk that success with a few more albums about states in the same vein as his previous critically-acclaimed albums.  Instead, he retreated into pet projects and relative obscurity, all the while crafting an album that is bold, entirely unique, and unfailingly captivating!  The Age of Adz is refreshing in ways few albums have been since Illinois was released over half a decade(!) ago.  While it won't hold a candle to some of his past albums, The Age of Adz stands entirely on its own as a brilliant work of creative genius!  Sufjan is back, and thank god, he hasn't lost it!  Not even close.<br /><br />Key Tracks:<br />1. \\"Futile Devices\\"<br />2. \\"Too Much\\"<br />3. \\"I Walked\\"<br />4. \\"Get Real Get Right\\"<br />5. \\"I Want to Be Well\\"<br /><br />8 out of 10 Starsmade all the more powerful as a result.    A lot will probably be said about the way that Sufjan decided to end The Age of Adz.  Any song that clocks in at over 25 minutes is certainly a sign of overindulgence, and \\"Impossible Soul\\" is certainly not an exception to this rule.  But to its credit, the song never tires, never bores - not once in its 25 minutes!  Plus, the song gives us a featured performance from Annie Clark, a dance section, and one of the most tragic endings to a song I've heard all year.  Is it unnecessary?  It's hard to say, really.  To be sure, his use of auto-tune in one section is questionable (and perhaps unintentionally funny).  But at the same time, the technology has definitely been used to worse ends in the last few years!  And let's not forget that \\"Impossible Soul\\" is perhaps more accurately viewed as the second half to a double album or an EP within an LP.  Even without its inclusion on Adz, the album is brilliant, however its place at the end of the album gives The Age of Adz a more touching ending and an increased depth.  There is a lot to take in here that many of listeners may not appreciate until after repeated listens.    Whether people end up hating or loving The Age of Adz, one can't really fault Sufjan for wanting to try his hand at self-reinvention.  In 2005, this guy was on top of the indie music world.  It would have been easy to milk that success with a few more albums about states in the same vein as his previous critically-acclaimed albums.  Instead, he retreated into pet projects and relative obscurity, all the while crafting an album that is bold, entirely unique, and unfailingly captivating!  The Age of Adz is refreshing in ways few albums have been since Illinois was released over half a decade(!) ago.  While it won't hold a candle to some of his past albums, The Age of Adz stands entirely on its own as a brilliant work of creative genius!  Sufjan is back, and thank god, he hasn't lost it!  Not even close.    Key Tracks:  1. \\"Futile Devices\\"  2. \\"Too Much\\"  3. \\"I Walked\\"  4. \\"Get Real Get Right\\"  5. \\"I Want to Be Well\\"    8 out of 10 Stars
0312360266|5.0|I've only read the first book in this series, but I liked it so much that I purchased the other books in the House of Night series.  I really like the character of Zoey Redbird.  I love the Native American references in the story.  The other characters are also engaging and I especially love Erik, Zoey's vampire boyfriend.  Although these novels are listed as YA novels, as an adult I certainly enjoy them.  They have quite a bite!
2070518426|5.0|so i got the package late because my college is silly but it was in good condition when i got it. the cover is a bit thin, as are the pages, but it has held up to my abuse, such as dropping it on the floor, shoving it in my backpack.
B000MV90B2|4.0|This is a unique film and a favorite of military historians since the entire film focuses on the battle of Waterloo with minimal interference with other storylines. Directed by Sergei Bondarchuk, the film is a visual masterpiece for its ability to depict warfare, especially the complex games played between Napoleon and Wellington in the battle of Waterloo. The film gives just enough background story to make the battle of Waterloo make sense. We see Napoleon defeated and sent into exile, the return of the rotund obese Louis XVIII, and then Napoleon's amazing return from the island of Elba to raise France again in arms against the world. However these background scenes take up less than 45 minutes and the entire final half of the film is dedicated to the battle of Waterloo. Rod Steiger gives an interpretation of Napoleon as a military and political genius who is not quite up to the brilliance he demonstrated in his early career before the defeat in Russia. He plays and temper driven Napoleon. The script calls for Napoleon to also be highly concerned about his young son Napoleon, whom his wife has taken back to Vienna with her. In contrast to the emotional inspirational Napoleon, Christopher Plumber plays a cool and distant Wellington, a man who keeps strategy to himself, never revealing his final plans even to his highest officers. Wellington, as played by Plumber, is a distant man, not emotionally connected to his officers or his men, who sees warfare almost as a chess game full of moves and counter moves and efforts to out think the opposition leadership. Orson Wells plays the obese Louis XVIII, called back for the Bourbon restoration after Napoleon is sent into exile, only to have to leave France again once Napoleon escapes from Elba to raise an army.  The primary strength of the film is the depiction of the battle scenes including all the complexity of the cavalry, artillery, and infantry moves on both sides. The battle scenes must have used thousands of people to convey the scope of the battles.  The colors of the uniforms certainly also helps the viewer understand the battles. The French wore red, white, and blue while the English wore red and white. This was contrasted with the Prussians, fighting on the side of the English, who wore all black.  The cavalry charges were especially well developed and filmed with amazing coordination of horses and riders. The aerial photography of the French charge against the British squares was indeed fascinating and the photography told the entire story of these contrasting strategies.  Napoleon's charismatic leadership was captured well by Steiger and certainly helps explain this amazing time in history. During much of the battle, the results could have gone either way and this keeps the viewer engaged as fortune shifts back and forth between the two armies. In the end, I admit I was amazed that so much attention and detail was put on this battle in this production. It is a movie about a significant final battle in a significant war, photographed perfectly, with incredible detail focuses on the art of warfare.convey the scope of the battles.  The colors of the uniforms certainly also helps the viewer understand the battles. The French wore red, white, and blue while the English wore red and white. This was contrasted with the Prussians, fighting on the side of the English, who wore all black.  The cavalry charges were especially well developed and filmed with amazing coordination of horses and riders. The aerial photography of the French charge against the British squares was indeed fascinating and the photography told the entire story of these contrasting strategies.  Napoleon's charismatic leadership was captured well by Steiger and certainly helps explain this amazing time in history. During much of the battle, the results could have gone either way and this keeps the viewer engaged as fortune shifts back and forth between the two armies. In the end, I admit I was amazed that so much attention and detail was put on this battle in this production. It is a movie about a significant final battle in a significant war, photographed perfectly, with incredible detail focuses on the art of warfare.
B003E6K1VK|5.0|I'll keep this short and snappy. I received this for my birthday and boy does it deliver! I've used it on Monsters Beats Studio by Dr. Dre and Bose around ear. I've been using the E5 for awhile now but doesn't compare to this (E7). The bass control is my favorite. Boosts the bass really nice. My genre of music is Hip-hop for those who are wondering. I'd say buy this! well worth it, battery lasts long and it comes with a band to wrap around your iPod and a amp rubber casing!
B003R0LBVW|4.0|Only reason I'm giving this 4 instead of 5 stars is because I haven't finished it yet but I am loving this book and wish he wrote more and faster!
0670034711|1.0|What a total snorefest about a self-absorbed narcissist.  She leaves a marriage because she feels 'unfulfilled' and gets applause, yet what would happen if a man did the exact same thing?  He'd be lambasted from every side imaginable.    In essence, the author had a mid-life crisis, abandoned her husband for a younger man and so she could 'self-indulge'.  Really---what's the difference between that and a 45 year old man who had the same mid-life crisis, leaves his wife for a younger woman, buys a '68 Ford Mustang all zooped up and starts working out at the gym?    There is no difference, except it's become politically correct to give a two thumbs up to a woman who has a mid life crisis and goes off, while giving a man two thumbs down for the exact same thing.
B0021L8V1Q|5.0|While not quite as good as the original (IMHO), this movie doesn't disappoint at all. There are new \\"bad guys\\" to root against, good guys to puzzle over, and more special effects than you can shake a stick at. Robert Downey Jr does a great job, as usual, and brings the character to life in a way that is both believable as well as getting the strengths/flaws across. The plot is fun if not terribly deep or well explained. If you are looking for a good time, I would suggest this flick.
B001HN694K|5.0|Just finished watching the movie. Creepy and yet beautiful. The movie is outstanding. I'd watch it twice with a joy. Great movie. Awesome cinematics, good and great actors. Just loved it. Of course I don't like too much of creepiness, so it took me a little while to start liking the movie. But it's absolutely great. After 30 minutes I liked it more and more with each moment until I realized that this is it. I love it!
B003Y8YXH6|2.0|Okay, the well has run dry. Stripped: what we get is 2nd string vocals, pushed too far up in the mix, harmonies and guitars removed.... What if Picasso's widow had decided to strip some of the paint off his most famous paintings? John and Jack Douglas worked hard to make DF sound the way they thought it should. John loved the sound of slapback echo on his voice, not dry vocal takes that he later sang better. This is embarrassing, unnecessary, and has no artistic merit, only financial.   If you want more John Lennon, get the Anthology, they pretty much scraped the barrel to make that one. Everything since then has been yellow matter custard.
B00192KCQ0|2.0|Two years later and it still needs to be said, the mastering on this album is terrible. It's mastered too loud and there is no dynamic range. Now I don't consider myself an audiophile, but when I listen to this album, it's like someone's using a cheese grater on my eardrums. The ONLY reason it's mastered this loud is because the producer, Rick Rubin, thinks everyone's stupid and the louder music is the more likely people are to notice it and then buy it. Rick Rubin does this kind of mastering on a lot of the albums he produces, but this is by far the worst example of it. Rubin used to be a great producer, but now he just needs to hang it up. The production on this album is also lacking. Metallica has some great songs here, but they don't have any bite to them. If Metallica were looking to return to their thrash metal roots they should have gone with a producer who produces thrash metal.    I give this album two stars because, yes, there are some great songs here, but what good are great songs if they are practically unlistenable? In my opinion, along with the entirety of St. Anger, the mastering on this album is the biggest misstep of Metallica's career.
B003DKJ5ZU|4.0|When the original Tinkerbell movie came out, we were blown away with how much Disney has matured in its offering of family entertainment.  The original movie had real comedy, a good message, and nothing too scary or inappropriate for young children.    I was expecting even better in the second Tinkerbell movie, but was a bit disappointed.  The movie was darker, the humor was not as enjoyable by either the kids or the parents, and it was slightly a strange plot.    The Great Fairy Rescue was a revisiting of the goodness of the first movie.  This movie centers on Tinkerbell as she meets her first human.  It's interesting that the antagonist fairy from the first movie plays such a large role in this movie, but it all comes together when she is brought into the \\"nice\\" fairy group in the rescue.    I found the movie not as enjoyable as the first one, but it was levels better than the second one.  The acting again is top-notch, the animation is very good, and the plot ends up tying some loose ends from the first movie.  It also has a good message about trust and the difficulties of telling the truth.  The only thing that I can think of that is slightly odd is that this is yet another Disney movie in which the child is from a one-parent family.  Our girls love the movie, and as a parent, this is one movie I don't mind showing them over and over.    I (and our girls) can't wait to see the next one.
B003XWEQ1G|5.0|The movie was delivered as promised but robin hood fell short of my expectations, long movie that did not keep my attention
B003TSEL7S|5.0|great plot. excellent characters. i am optimistic for the next book. a lot of fun to read. its familiar but new and fresh. i highly recommend this book. buy it
B000MRAAJM|5.0|It is a really nice collection to understand our planet Earth, most of its enviroments and the relantionship of the macroorganisms depending on them.
B003JTHXN6|5.0|If you're wondering why your company or division just cannot get it's act together and make money, this book might give you the hints you need. Think culture, or the lack of it.
B001NLL93W|5.0|As the first two books in the Mortal Instruments series, City of Glass is unpredictable! Just when you think you know what's going on, you're hit with a curve ball.    There are still some points that it feels to boring because the back=story is repeated, but you WANT to hear it. Every time someone explains their past, you learn something new that you weren't expecting.    Again a WONDERFUL read, regardless of age. If you haven't already, start reading the Mortal Instruments. Can't wait for book four!
B003TXSF5C|4.0|It's good to know that Feynman's sum of all histories still finds application at the forefront of physical and mystical thinking. What I'm left to wonder is if a physicist and Nobel laureate who played bongos in a strip club would, this day and age, would find acceptance in our peculiar and ever so proper world. I hope so, but I have the feeling that we'd find some manner to marginalize Feynman, make the world feel that his contributions were substandard, and relegate him to the backs of napkins at Starbuck's. We are silly in many ways like this.
B002F6FQGK|5.0|This CD is amazing from start to finish.  I have been listening to it for weeks on end and I never get sick of hearing these beautiful, sometimes haunting songs.  Florence + The Machine is creative and not like everything else out there that you have already heard.  Stop reading and go buy this CD, you will not be disappointed!  I am obsessed and if you appreciate great music you will be too!
0735201684|5.0|This is a must book for anyone wanting to crawl out of the darkness into the light of life.  Our power lies in our thinking and Joseph Murphy guides us in how to focus our thoughts to change our lives.  Read it more than once to get the most from it.
B0001I55NS|5.0|Timeline is a great movie.  This is an excellent quality video.  Arrived promply, great value.  Definitely would purchase from this seller again.  Thank you.
9706271821|5.0|La primera vez que le&iacute; El Principito, yo tenia 10 a&ntilde;os.  Lo he le&iacute;do incontables veces desde entonces y descubierto la filosof&iacute;a que rige mi vida.  \\"Lo esencial es invisible a los ojos\\" . Lo &uacute;nico que puedo comentar es acerca del papel y la calidad de la impresi&oacute;n, ambos mediocres, pero por el precio est&aacute;n muy bien.  Aparte lo que importa es el contenido y este es invaluablemente rico.
B002U0KHMY|5.0|this is an amzing tv show that delights a huge range of audiences. It is both thrilling, and thought provoking. Be careful, after watching this gripping show you might think more kindly to those on the wrong side of the law. well maybe only if their as good looking as Matt Bomer is.
B0030IIYWA|5.0|The DVD came in a great amount of time. It looked brand new. I would definitely purchase again.
B000002OZY|5.0|If you have ever seen the movie Tommy, you will live the album that was done before the movie, this is not a soundtrack to the movie. Or if you never saw the movie as a kid, like I didn't, and heard the soundtrack, you will love the movie.
B000JQU1VS|5.0|This is a truly fascinating book!!!!<br />These stories are great for people from about 10+<br />Also great for studying logic.<br />Makes a good bedtime read!!!!
B003AO1SVS|5.0|What a great album for only $9.95!!  The Black Keys have done an excellent job with their latest album with several easily recognizable songs from popular tv shows and movies.  The album includes a poster with lyrics to all their songs and the cd changes color!  Overall I highly recommend this product.
B003P2WO5E|4.0|This story has great characters and character development, great storyline, and several unsolved mysteries (which I assume will be clarified in future books).  Sanderson has done a great job getting me very interested in future books.  I would say that there were parts of this book that were what I would consider a \\"page turner\\" and other parts that were less so.  All in all though, he has created a unique world (not the typical fantasy world with wizards, goblins, etc), with very human complex characters, and I look forward to the next books.
030745455X|3.0|I'm not going into a long drawn out explanation of what the book is about as so<br />many others seem to do but I found the book slow and quite boring at times.<br />The first in the series had a slow start but picked up rather quickly and turned out to be a very good read.<br />Unfortunately, this one never seems to get off the ground.  The exerpt shown at the end of \\"Dragon\\" seemed interesting and gave the impression of more action than actually happened.<br />I was terribly disappointed and would not recommend anyone spend their money on it - check it out of the nearest library if you decide you need to read it.
1427210497|5.0|Jonathan Franzen's FREEDOM is a remarkably smart story that focuses on an upper-middle-class family from the Midwest, the Berglunds, and their musician friend Richard Katz.  Told from the point of view of the different characters, FREEDOM is a very real story of how life is for many people today. Although the characters in FREEDOM are best friends and family, and have been together over many years, they are mostly so self-centered that they really have no idea what the others are all about.  As I read, I realized that even if they all got what they think they wanted, it wouldn't matter. They would still be unhappy and depressed, and I could relate as I know people just like that.<br /><br />Somewhere I saw someone write about FREEDOM \\"What's the big deal?\\", and the answer was \\"The people\\". How true this is! I found myself really not liking what these characters did or said, and yet I was so intrigued that I had to continue. At times I was even a bit uncomfortable because, for the most part, I agreed with Franzen as he used his characters to tackle the things that most of us dislike about our culture and society today. There are so many problems we have no answers for and perhaps I hoped to see how these characters might handle some of the same issues I read about, or even am somehow involved in, daily.<br /><br />Patty and Walter Berglund are students at the University of Minnesota when they meet. This meeting eventually leads to marriage and they settle in what is at first, a rather shabby neighborhood in St. Paul. It is there that they raise two children. Patty is a former student basketball player who rebels against her mother who is a very involved politician and working mom back home. So Patty, of course, is a stay at home mom with amazingly too much time on her hands, and too much into her children's lives. Walter is a lawyer who later becomes an environmental activist in response to his own rebellion against his alcoholic father. Both Patty and Walter had a relationship during college, and after, with Richard Katz, a rock and roll singer, who was Walter's former roommate.<br /><br />Patty Berglund is the main character in the story. Patty seems to spend the whole story trying to be loved. With an obvious lack of love from her parents, she first centers her \\"love\\" on her son Joey but when he grows up and no longer lives by Patty's rules and in her desired image, she pretty much loses it. She later allows her old feelings for Richard to resurface, as she seeks this love and approval from him, and proceeds to have an affair with him. This is Walter's best friend which only reaffirmed my belief that Patty probably never loved Walter but used him as having a husband seemed to be what she needed at the time.<br /><br />Walter Berglund reminds me of several men I know. He is just a really good guy, however, he is too good for his own sake. His relationship with Richard is almost like a competition. He likes Richard and considers him his closest friend, however, in some ways, Walter is jealous and hates Richard at the same time. It doesn't, however, stop him from being loyal to his long time friend, even when Patty has the affair with Richard. I personally found Walter to be the most likable of the characters as I did think he had some redeeming qualities.<br /><br />Richard Katz is a rock and roll singer and song writer, who has a way with women...all women, including Patty. He also winds up being Walter's best friend, that is, as much as Richard is capable of being a friend to anyone. Richard for so long ignored Patty, but then winds up having an affair with her only to find out over the years that he really loves her. This is something Richard never knew he was capable of.<br /><br />I found that although there were times when I wasn't sure if I even liked certain parts, FREEDOM was still a very compelling, very real, and very extraordinary read. The characters seemed to become part of my life over the course of listening tothe twenty-five hours of the audio book (which actually went by MUCH faster than I really thought giving credence to the fact that the book is one people say they can't put down once they start). These characters were people who I wanted to know about and wanted to see what happened to them. Jonathan Franzen makes one more aware of how much influence love and family have over us, and how the choices we make for our own \\"freedom\\" may effect another person's life.actually went by MUCH faster than I really thought giving credence to the fact that the book is one people say they can't put down once they start). These characters were people who I wanted to know about and wanted to see what happened to them. Jonathan Franzen makes one more aware of how much influence love and family have over us, and how the choices we make for our own \\"freedom\\" may effect another person's life.
0451228731|5.0|I didn't read the book, but I did listen to the unabridged audiobook of Daemon.  I just wanted to note that it was great - a total techno-thrill-ride.  Hope they make it into a movie someday.
B002JVWR9U|4.0|I realy enjoy the TV series. Well directed and well written. Too bad the books are so incredibly bad.
B0016MJ6HY|5.0|It's interesting to see what WKW does when he's got the liberty of the US's wide open spaces.  He quotes from Thelma and Louise!  Also, unlike his Hong Kong characters, the characters in this movie can connect and ostensibly become a couple. We truly enjoyed this.
B0036EH3WK|5.0|What more can I say?  Lost is by far the best TV series to ever come on television, it's in excellent HD quality on Bluray's, comes with loads of extras...This is the ultimate Lost fan's gift.
0061433047|5.0|Was having a rough few months, major health woes. When I saw Terry Pratchett I hadn't read yet, my mood skyrocketed 8-) Thanks, Sir Terry!
1439153663|1.0|I came across this book on a \\"required reading\\" table for local high school English classes. Have to say, I am shocked to the core that any teacher would make this part of a required curriculum! All the positive reviews have me puzzled, I feel that the reviewers either read a different book or, those that praise the authenticity of the writer's research must not know much about antebellum Southern life. The historical depictions are seriously flawed, lots of inaccuracies, and frankly, the book reads like a soap opera trying to include ALL the hot button issues of the day's news channels. Let's see, absentee father, pedophilia, torture, child abuse, drug addiction, alchoholism, mental illness, rape, incest by rape, a CHILD produced by incest by rape, spousal abuse--have I left anything out?  Oh yes, there is the utterly inexplicable viewpoint of Lavinia, who was raised by and with slaves, on her realization that her husband Marshall was sleeping with a slave woman with whom she had been raised. Lavinia was furious with the SLAVE and as she said to Mama Mae \\"she didnt even PRETEND to say no!\\" That's when Mama Mae reminded her abruptly that SLAVES COULD NOT SAY  NO to the Master!! What was Lavinia's response? The author's stylized, historical version of today's eye rolling \\"whatEVER!\\" I mean, really, someone who is supposed to have been raised by slaves, living with them, observing the abuse of them, not understanding that? Not to mention that the only people on the plantation who seemed to be ignorant of the paternity of Belle's son were Marshall and Lavinia!  What, is Lavinia incapable of understanding human relationships, unable to  understand  and interact with others on a social level? Is that the author's attempt to inject a suspicion of something like Asperger's Syndrome, autism being perhaps the only \\"hot topic\\" of today that she left out?    This is really a dreadful book. I can not recommend it to anyone, and I dont know that I have ever said that about any other.
B0043X7WLA|5.0|It's beautiful, personal, heart-wrenching, edifying, and meticulous. It subdues emotional apathy. It challenges mediocrity and slays dragons.
0553805371|5.0|There was not much I learned from this work, as I have studied the subjects that he is master of for quite some time.  But that is not why I purchased this particular volume, but only to read what I've been waiting my whole life to hear someone important say.  God is not necessary to understand the workings of the universe.  Maybe he set this all in motion, but understanding God is NOT intertwined with our understanding of our universe.  Science will win, because it works!
0553381687|5.0|I'm going to review the series instead of the book, because it's likely that if you read the first book, you'll continue.  This story is like no other.  It could be read for its richness of characterization, where you will come to know and love dozens of men, women, and children - high born and low, royal and peasant.  It could be read for its clarity of vision - several thousand pages of full-tilt action, with relatively few slow bits.  It could be read for its insight and universal themes - there are enough quotable moments and slices of wisdom to make the story memorable and personal to any reader.  In the end, it should be read because it's a damn fine ripping yarn, the likes of which you're not likely to best during your personal reading lifetime.<br /><br />There are faults to this series.  It is bloody violent.  Prepare yourself for chopping and slicing and burning and stabbing, mostly of human flesh.  Primary characters die, and they die slowly and with great narrative detail.  You will cry.  Also, as of book 4 where most of us are stuck (because book 5 hasn't been published in a decade of waiting), absolutely nothing is resolved and very few of the secrets have been revealed.  Also treatment of women seems to be worse than it should be, even given the time and place of the setting.  It would seem the author takes perverse joy in human, especially female human, suffering.<br /><br />Yet I recommend this wholeheartedly and without reservation to all fans of the fantasy genre.  This is the series that will satisfy you, where no pale Tolkien-imitators could.  There's just the right combination of court life, magic, war, quest, wit, romance, comedy, and dragons.  You will read it, then share it with your spouse.  Then you'll have a bevy of household phrases, all borrowed from this book, to last you a lifetime of geeky reference.  Give it 100 pages and it'll swipe 6 months of your life.
1439156816|5.0|I don't read scary books and I haven't read a single one of Stephen King's books until this one.  I knew he was super smart and funny from the article he writes in Entertainment Weekly.  After reading \\"On Writing,\\" I just like him so much.  Part-way through the book I went out and bought a copy for my best friend.  I really don't know how someone could not like this book.  I loved the autobiographical section and it made me hunger to know more about him and his life.  The writing section is told with a passion for the craft and humor that somehow makes it all stick in the brain. Other reviews are far better at formulating what is really good about this book but I just had to write something to add another five star to the pile!
0887081770|5.0|I remember as a child having this read to me.  I love the story; it is sweet and meaningful.  I would strongly recommend buying the pop-out version, too, especially for younger children! It makes the reading experience much more entertaining.  My favorite part about this book, by far, are the illustrations.
0385342047|2.0|and I love Sophie Kinsella, honest I do. But I really do think that either Becky has to develop on a personal level, just a little bit, or I just can't read them anymore. I didn't get past about 5 pages ! I loved Twenties Girl and other non-Shopaholic books, but I think Becky Brandon (nee Bloomwood) has reached the end of the road.
B003E6FW5A|5.0|Miklos Rozsa is great, & it took a long time to get this complete album out. What else can I say between this & the other 5-star reviewer? One of the best movie scores ever.
B002JVWR4A|5.0|I do not enjoy drama's, life is way to short. However, Bones is the one show I will change my mind and enjoy.  Funny as well as entertaining, sit and enjoy the ride.
B001ECQ4AS|5.0|When Supernatural premiered on the CW Network in 2005, fans couldn't have dreamed it would ever last five seasons.  In fact, series creator Eric Kripke had originally planned to end the show after the fifth season but the ratings had been so good that the CW wanted a sixth season.  As one of the very few true horror shows on TV that doesn't (thankfully) feature vampires, Supernatural has become must-see TV as we've watched the two stars Jensen Ackles (Dean Winchester) and Jared Padelecki (Sam Winchester) transform from fresh-faced and wide-eyed young men, to hardened, battle-weary monster-hunters who've dealt with the tragic losses of nearly everyone who is close to them.<br /><br />Warner Brothers has released the first season of Supernatural, all 22 episodes on Blu-Ray, complete with two new bonus features exclusive to this set.  The pilot episode relates the story of their mother Mary being killed by a demonic force when Sam was still an infant.  Years later, Sam is off at college and estranged brother Dean arrives to tell Sam their father, John Winchester (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) has disappeared.  Dean has his father's journal and hopes to use it to track him down but Sam is reluctant, wanting no part of this wandering, demon-hunting lifestyle.  But when Sam's girlfriend is killed in the same way as his mother, he is left with little choice.  Kripke gets the show off to a high-energy and terrifying start.  These guys may be \\"slayers\\" but this show was no Buffy the Vampire Slayer.  Supernatural was raw and edgy from the beginning combing its horror elements with the strained relationship of the brothers.<br /><br />Much of the first season is spent looking for their father and encountering various monsters, demons, and spirits along the way.  What kept the show fresh and still keeps it fresh to this day is that it wasn't about hunting exclusively demons, or vampires...The boys hunted those down but also all manner of spirits, creatures of myth, cursed objects, and urban legends.  One of these urban legends was encountered in episode five, \\"Bloody Mary\\".  Here the boys take on the vengeful spirit who is summoned when her name is uttered three times in front of a mirror.<br /><br />The writers showed how they drew on myths both well known and obscure in episodes like \\"Scarecrow\\" where a spirit of Norse mythology is being summoned in the form of a scarecrow to protect the town in exchange for annual sacrifices.  It is during \\"Scarecrow\\" that they first encounter Meg Masters who will become one of the early recurring villains during the early run of the show.  In \\"Faith\\" they have their first encounter with a Reaper, spirits who are the underlings of Death, that come to claim the spirits of those who have died.  They also have a run-in with a haunted house in episode 17, \\"Hell House\\".<br /><br />In the final episodes of Season One, they will finally track down both their father, and the demon that killed their mother and Sam's girlfriend, culminating in a jarring season-ending cliffhanger.  In the season finale we also meet fellow hunter Bobby Singer who will become a semi-regular over the entire series run.<br /><br />Another aspect that makes the show unique is that they are always on the road, spanning the entire nation and ending up in primarily small towns throughout the USA.  Saginaw, Michigan; Toledo, Ohio; Hibbing, Minnesota; Rockford, Illinois...It was pretty cool if an episode was set in your town or one close by.  As the guys drive from town to town in Dean's classic 1967 Chevy Impala, the show treated us to a diversified selection of classic rock.  It's rumored that Kripke threatened to quit the show when the network refused to allow the music to be used because of the cost of royalties.<br /><br />The show quite easily could have become a mundane, monster-of-the-week battle but the show's writers managed to keep the storylines constantly invigorated with new sub-plots, characters, and a liberal injection of satire andoften gut-busting humor.  The sixth season may be the last but we can always relive this fantastic show on DVD or Blu-Ray.<br /><br />Blu-Ray Special Features<br /><br />First lets cover the special features that were on the previous DVD release.  There are two audio commentary tracks on the \\"Pilot\\" by Series Creator Eric Kripke, Director David Nutter and Producer Peter Johnson, and on \\"Phantom Traveler\\" by Co-Stars Jared Padalecki and Jensen Ackles.<br /><br />Supernatural Tales from the Edge of Darkness (23:00) A behind-the-scenes look at season one and how creator Eric Kripke was influenced by his love of urban legends.  Takes a look at creating the pilot episode in which the boy's father was originally intended to be killed.<br /><br />Day in the Life of Jared and Jensen (10:37).  The two stars take you through an average day on the set.  Much of it is spent simply passing time and waiting to be called to the set.  Jensen practices his knife throwing in his trailer.  Finally they are called and go first to makeup and then to costuming before going to the set for filming.<br /><br />Gag Reel (7:40)<br /><br />Deleted Scenes:  There are numerous deleted scenes that are specific to episodes<br /><br />New Features:  OK to what you really want to know is what is new to the blu-ray version, right?  Well probably not enough to make you buy it if you already own the first season on DVD but the two new extras are very good.<br /><br />Paley Television Festival Panel Discussion (1:12:00)  This hour plus feature was shot during the Paley Television Festival after the first season.  Jared Padelecki and Jensen Ackles are joined on stage by Eric Kripke, Director/Producer the late Kim Manners, and Executive Producer Robert Singer.  They do a Q & A session with the fans in attendance.  Kripke mentions how his original pitch was about a reporter but was too similar to the old Kolchak: The Nightstalker series.  The actors discuss their auditions, favorite episodes, and some of the creepy events that happened on set.<br /><br />Devil's Road Map:  Even better is this very cool interactive map of the U.S. showing the location where each season episode took place.  Clicking on each location will bring up all new interviews with cast members, writers, and producers about that specific episode.  You can also click on each city to learn more about local legends and urban myths from that region.  In all this feature includes about 90 additional minutes of interviews.son may be the last but we can always relive this fantastic show on DVD or Blu-Ray.    Blu-Ray Special Features    First lets cover the special features that were on the previous DVD release.  There are two audio commentary tracks on the \\"Pilot\\" by Series Creator Eric Kripke, Director David Nutter and Producer Peter Johnson, and on \\"Phantom Traveler\\" by Co-Stars Jared Padalecki and Jensen Ackles.    Supernatural Tales from the Edge of Darkness (23:00) A behind-the-scenes look at season one and how creator Eric Kripke was influenced by his love of urban legends.  Takes a look at creating the pilot episode in which the boy's father was originally intended to be killed.    Day in the Life of Jared and Jensen (10:37).  The two stars take you through an average day on the set.  Much of it is spent simply passing time and waiting to be called to the set.  Jensen practices his knife throwing in his trailer.  Finally they are called and go first to makeup and then to costuming before going to the set for filming.    Gag Reel (7:40)    Deleted Scenes:  There are numerous deleted scenes that are specific to episodes    New Features:  OK to what you really want to know is what is new to the blu-ray version, right?  Well probably not enough to make you buy it if you already own the first season on DVD but the two new extras are very good.    Paley Television Festival Panel Discussion (1:12:00)  This hour plus feature was shot during the Paley Television Festival after the first season.  Jared Padelecki and Jensen Ackles are joined on stage by Eric Kripke, Director/Producer the late Kim Manners, and Executive Producer Robert Singer.  They do a Q & A session with the fans in attendance.  Kripke mentions how his original pitch was about a reporter but was too similar to the old Kolchak: The Nightstalker series.  The actors discuss their auditions, favorite episodes, and some of the creepy events that happened on set.      Devil's Road Map:  Even better is this very cool interactive map of the U.S. showing the location where each season episode took place.  Clicking on each location will bring up all new interviews with cast members, writers, and producers about that specific episode.  You can also click on each city to learn more about local legends and urban myths from that region.  In all this feature includes about 90 additional minutes of interviews.
0385342047|5.0|I loved Mini Shopaholic.  Becky Brandon is back in the latest installment and back to her always endearing and hilarious escapades.  This book is funny and charming, and a great way to kick back and forget about life for a while.  Becky seems to always find ways to dig herself into deeper and deeper holes, and then finds creative ways to resolve the situation, usually with the help of her many friends.  Becky is lovable and you really want her to succeed, even as you cringe at her latest mistake.  Well-written, fun, and hard to put down.  If you like Sophie Kinsella and want to know what's next for Becky, you'll like this book.
B004132I4S|5.0|His best album BY FAR. not like his others...    the last song is literally 25 minutes long...and sounds like an Issac Asimov robot on acid...best way i can describe it.
142311339X|4.0|The Lost Hero is another wonderful tale of Camp Half-Blood and its universe, complete with but not overshadowed by the charectors from the first series. That being said, while the story is quite wonderful, rarely predictable, and impossible to put down, I felt it lacked some of the magic of the original Percy Jackson books. Still, it is a definate read - though a familiarity with the orginal series is nessicary for this one to make sense. 4 out of 5 stars.
B000W7JWUA|5.0|I bought this for my 11 y.o. son.  Like most boys, he loves computer games - Age of Mythology, SPORE, and many others.  Settlers of Catan incorporates the fun of those games, but we can play and interact as a family.  Even 7 year old brother enjoyed it.  This game is terrific!
0446569895|4.0|Ozzy's memoir is split in two parts: his time growing up through his being ejected from Black Sabbath; and his time since then in his solo career, and through the MTV show to present quasi-sobriety.  But, frankly, it's Ozzy from the first page through the last, clearly dictated into a tape recorder or transcribed verbatim from interviews and then edited down to this very fast reading book.  And, frankly, while the Sabbath split makes for a convenient bookend for one part of his career, Ozzy himself doesn't really change a bit.  So what's it all about?    Turns out Ozzy did a good bit of drinking and drugging.  I know: who knew?  And if there is one theme running more strongly through the book than any other, it's his continual drunkenness and general near-inability to function.  He loves music, knows he isn't qualified to do much else (although his review of his jobs out of school before Sabbath got off the ground is very funny), but what he really loves is to get messed up.  It's only much, much later in life that he sees the effect of his own rather rampant irresponsibility on those he loves; not to mention that his body rebels and shuts down in fairly dramatic ways, forcing numerous stays in rehab and eventually his current somewhat cleaned up state.    The charm of the book is in reading and 'hearing' Ozzy's voice, uncensored and often very funny; certainly unafraid to make himself look like an idiot or worse.  I learned nothing important about the music, or much at all about the people he worked with (if he remembers them) but a lot about groupies, practical jokes, some management issues and lawsuits, househunting at Roger Whittacre's home (this is hilarious), and still more about drugs.  There is a lot that is not mentioned, which is a shame, but I thoroughly enjoyed what's there.  Moreover, there are lots of personal pictures, family stuff, and so on.  It does remind one that rock stars are in fact people, too - only more so.    If you like Ozzy, you will love this book.
B003TSEL7S|5.0|I thint the lost hero is a good book. It's hard for me not to spoil the book, but I like Leo the most, and I think Rick did a good job puting us in he mind of other people. I highly urge you to read this book
B0043X7WLA|5.0|I've always been a Sufjan fan... and the new album does not disappoint.      For me, there is nothing quite like the joy of discovering a new track (or musician) who breaks all the rules with absolutely brilliant results.  Sufjan Stevens may not appeal to all, but there is no denying the heart in this music.  When it comes to works of art, as vast as the array may be, there are two primary categories that apply to all: (1) work that is created as an expression and extension of emotion, or (2) product that is derived out of passion for the all mighty dollar.  Congrats and kudos to Sufjan for making it into the first category with flying colors... hope this release generates lots and lots of dollars for an artist who truly deserves them!
0765328321|5.0|I've never read a book of a game but I love Halo and wanted to check out this book. I'm glad that I did because it has made my Halo experience deeper and more fulfilling. Beginning with the start of the Project ORION, in which a group of children were recruited to be super soldiers. The book deals with most of the characters from the original game and provides the background to enrich your understanding of the Halo universe.
0375507256|5.0|This novel has an accordion-like structure where story plots, characters and traces of their traits interweave and resonate off each other, reminding me of something I was told about how karma cycles back and forth in past and future lives - a concept that Mitchell also alludes to. The author is deft with his character portrayals and also the descriptions of the eras and circumstances they lived in. Each story/chapter ends in a coda that leaps to the next, and yet which somehow ties everything together when you reach the end. An intriguing structure that may be challenging to keep track of if you have more than one book going at any one time (like I do) but which is nonetheless interesting.
B000XGDO04|5.0|Great cd.  In wonderful condition.  Arrived quickly.  Will order from this seller again.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|At first glance at the main character, you just didn't know what to expect with the movie.  But we absolutely loved it.  We saw it the first time around in regular view and the second (Yep had to see it a second time in the theatre!) we saw it in 3-D.  It was great both ways.  Clever, witty and sweet humor.  I can't wait to get it on DVD.  It's hard to impress my husband with animated movies, but he really loved it, also.  You couldn't help but adore the characters.  Very well made.
0060005696|3.0|The author isn't saying too much is bad, but that there are things to consider with our choices we make everyday.  This may help those who are overwhelmed by choice make sense of the feelings they may have about making decisions.
0061743526|5.0|To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the most famous novels to have ever been written. It is a fiction story told from the perspective of young Scout Finch, the daughter of Maycomb, Alabama's lawyer, Atticus Finch. The novel is set in the deep South in the 1930's, during the country's Great Depression. The essence of the book deals with Atticus' struggles in defending a black man accused of raping a white woman and the repercussions that Scout and Jem deal with. Boo Hadley, the town recluse, and the children form a friendship and all become involved in the trial as well. I love this book because it is a wonderful read and it deals with many relevant issues today. This book is a classic and should be read over and over by both students and adults.
0385333846|4.0|The book slaughter house five is a excelent book, that has a very in depth plot.  It  starts out in the point of view of the author, describing how he wrote the book.  It then moves into a character who thinks he can move through time.  It is almost to fictional to believe but the narator inserts himself into the story to make ist seem real.  It allows the reader to decide if it is true story or fictional story.  For example, one person might see it as a the character trying to escape reality while someone else might see it as the main character really depressed and drugged out person.  Personally, the way I see the character is as a war verteran with PTSD.  Even so, every persons opion will differ.    To enjoy this book there are a few key points one should know.  1. The first chapter is written by the author and therefore not in the same point of view as the rest of the book.   2. The bombingof Dreesden was a very large part of the main characters wartime experience.  3. It has some very dark humor, and therefore the whole book should not be taken seriously, rather it is for the reader to decide what is serious and what is a joke.
B0007SM922|5.0|two of my favorite savoy brown albums,on one disc.these albums have been remastered and i am very pleased.raw sienna was given to me in album form in the late 70's by a friends older brother.he said you will love this....he was right.blues,horns and some rockin' tunes makes this a 5 star package in my humble opinion.if you are a rocker  in your early 50's,this is a must have.
B003GK22HK|4.0|The book is great, that goes without saying!     I've been reading it in my own native tongue (quite a good translation, apart from those places where the word 'blanket' is confused with 'towel', and 'dress' is translated as 'skirt'; and there are many many others. Well, that's translations for you). I was quite happy to get my hands on 'The House at Riverton' Kindle edition, 'till I realised that there is a number of pages gone missing - no script, letters, brochures, and newspaper clippings (well, I wouldn't that much mind those) except, whole chunks of text are missing in various places in the book. Should it happen only once, well, I could live with that, but it happens every few pages.     I cannot conceive of a reason for erasing those passages.    Four stars is too much already for the Kindle edition, but five stars goes for the story itself - I love the book!!!    Haven't reached the end yet . . .
B0031YJFCQ|5.0|The last in a Bestseller series of three that must be read from end to end.  Althought the second book seems to loose its way a little, the final book brings it all together in a glorious and very satisfying conclusion.<br /><br />The story is filled with iconic characters and, although one has to get to grips with a few skandinavian names and cultural norms, it is a great read.  In the beginning the outcome looks bleak, but as the bad guys maneuver to protect themselves, an alternative is building steadily in the background that keeps you glued to the pages for the final crecendo, which more than satisfies the anticipation, but with a few surprizes still left for the last few pages to keep you on your toes.
0765326353|5.0|Having enjoyed this genre and moved on to others, I've come back in a big way. 1000 pages that flew by. I understand the reviewer who had aching wrists. One of the joys of reading a book of this size on a Kindle, if you fall asleep reading you don't wake up bruised! Totally worthwhile to my mind. I did miss the maps and artwork provided, they just didn't transfer clearly to a Kindle. In one way I wish I'd found this author at least a couple of books into this series, instant gratification and all that. As it is I'll have to wait patiently for another volume. A fully fleshed, yet still intriguing and mysterious world and characters that captivate. If you're already a fantasy fan, this is the real deal. If like me you're a returning reader, this will remind you why you liked this sort of story in the first place.
0316069485|4.0|After the disppointing Nine Dragons, good news. This is a good, solid Connelly, with a good, solid plot and lots of twists and red herrings. The problem is that the idea to have all \\"the usual suspects\\" i.e Bosh, Haller, exwives, ex-girl-friends and assorted children in one book does not really mesh. Connelly finds it difficult to change style from one narrator to another and the interaction between Haller and Bosch is contrived. Still, a very good read. The interest never flags and you cannot put the book down.
044654759X|1.0|Safe Haven was the first book I've read by Nicholas Sparks, and it will be my last. I found the book pedestrian. The plot was predictable and at times far-fetched. I've heard wonderful things about Mr. Sparks' books, but you couldn't prove them   with this book. A major disappointment.
B001FB4W0C|5.0|I tore into this item the minute that I got it! i was so excited! For anyone who loves the Supernatural Series, this is a must have!
0765326353|5.0|This was quite possibly the best Fantasy Book I have ever read.  I have been reading Sci-fi/Fantasy books for over 25 years (Basically since I could read), with the Hobbit being one of my first 'Big' books.  My favorites include: Tolkien's 'Lord of the Rings', George RR Martins 'Song of Ice and Fire', Raymond E Feist's 'Riftwar Sage', Robert Jordan's 'The Eye of the World', and so many more.      This book, \\"The Way of Kings\\" was incredible.  I kept catching myself commenting to co-workers and my spouse how good it was.  This happened throughout the book.  I am shocked that some of the poor reviews suggest the middle of this book could be skipped, or that the characters are in any way one dimensional.  I was intrigued throughout.  The characters and their conversations had me admiring the detailed and thoughtful imagination of Brandon Sanderson.    Sanderson did a masterful job releasing enough bits of the story to keep me intrigued and allowing me to connect certain dots throughout the story allowing for multiple illuminating moments throughout the story.  And of course there were plenty of surprises.    I cannot recommend this book strongly enough, and look forward to many more to come.  I also have high hopes that Sanderson can keep them coming at a much more regular pace than Jordan did, or George RR Martin is... So here's looking forward to many years of good books to read!  I can't wait for the next one.    Spoilers hereafter.    Jasnah and her conversations with Shallan were wonderful.  The demonstration Jasnah performed for Shallan was thought provoking and made their pursuit of scholarly knowledge very real.    Dalinar was a true gentleman.  The visions were a perfect way to teach tidbits about the past.    Kaladin was the perfect hero to me.  His mastery of the spear and, as Teft noted, his use of stormlight to enhance his skills was perfect and made him a believable hero.  As believable as any magic can be.   :)  It makes him powerful enough to be awe inspiring, but believable and slightly vulnerable.    The moment when Dalinar slammed his Shard Blade into the stone for Sadeas in exchange for the Bridge Crews was shocking and a joy to read.  What a great situation to perfectly highlight Dalinar's honorable nature.    I loved this book and look forward to reading them as they come out in the years to come.  Hopefully not too many of the years to come.
0471267554|5.0|We all are trying to better ourselves and it always seems to come down to diet and exercise.  The Paleo Diet is a great way to look at how and what you eat.  It is time to forget the last 20 years of fad diets and focus on what your body really needs and how it manages what you eat.  Read this book and learn how to change your eating habits.  Processed foods are killing all of us.  Let's get back to the basics. Fresh produce, fruits, and lean protein.  You will be amazed at how much better you feel and the weight loss that occurs naturally.  A great read!
0525421580|2.0|Forgot to review this book- that should tell you something. Underwhelmed is a good word.  This book tried to be very pleased with itself & I never like that. If you're going to write without any capital letters, you ought to be really impressive- this wasn't. I found that stylistic trick to be more annoying than anything else. It was used to set the two Will Grayson's apart, but it wasn't necessary.  They were easy to tell apart, one was slightly well-adjusted & less cloying, the other was depressed, whiny, easily manipulated, self-loathing... & otherwise not someone I want to read half a book about. In a word- meh.    Had the second chapter been the first chapter (the sample I read on my Kindle) I would have never purchased & read the book.  The first chapter was rather interesting & enjoyable- as is the first Will Grayson.  But every time the second Will Grayson takes over it's an exercise in misery.  It has nothing to do with the fact that he's gay, it has to do with the fact that he makes ridiculous decisions & is generally an unpleasant individual.  Not to make light of depression, but there are books where it's written better & in a more interesting fashion & quite frankly, where the character is less annoying.      The secondary characters have some interesting moments, but I need more than clever moments to make a book worthwhile for me.
0066620996|4.0|Good to Great is informed by significant research and data. Its premise is that through leadership, good organizations can become great organizations.  Through Good to Great Collins distinguishes six key competencies that lead to business success: Level 5 Leadership, First Who Then What, Confront the Brutal Facts, Hedgehog Concept, Culture of Discipline, and the Flywheel. The substantive data, gathered from CEO surveys, stock indexes, and other statistics, support the six competency claims and lay the foundation of Collins' leadership philosophy. I highly recommend Good to Great.  It is a book geared towards business people in organizations and not necessarily a leadership \\"how to\\" book.
B003UGLCIA|3.0|Ok, if you have a copy of The Exorcist The Version You've Never Seen...  then don't buy this version, unless you purchase the BluRay which includes a making of video. Unfortunately the \\"regular\\" DVD of this \\"Directors Cut\\" is NO different than the \\"Version You've Never Seen\\" with the exception that some of the CGI demon images have been removed.   I was bummed, thinking this had more footage than the previous two releases and finding I just wasted time and money.
B00466H3I6|5.0|Thanks, Universal! After the stellar job on the blu-ray of \\"Psycho\\", I am sincerely hoping for the same great quality on a film I like even more than that, \\"The Birds\\". There are a ton of process shots here, and hopefully they will remaster the film properly. Look past the basic 'horror story plot' and to the themes of the picture. Loneliness, family, fear of abandonment. Fellini called this film 'a visual poem'. I will post a review update once I see the blu-ray.
B000UJ48VI|5.0|One of my favorite movies, 1960's Kubrick is brilliant.   Great casting, as always. Sellars is his regular brilliant self, and James Mason delivers a disturbing and memorable performance.    Shelly Winters is perfect too!! Check her out as well in Pete's Dragon and Poseidon Adventure.
0143118420|5.0|This book is a must read - whether you're male or female, you will find inspiration and humor on every page of this novel. It's FAR from the love story that is portrayed in the movie (I read the book first and was sorely disappointed in the movie)!  It makes you see how our life is, all at once, in our own hands as well as \\"the universe's\\"... Half \\"under our guidance\\" and half \\"out of our hands\\".<br /><br />This book truly turned my depression around - and even helped me to laugh at it!  If you only read one book this year (or even in this life), make it Eat, Pray, Love!  You will thank yourself...!
0545265355|5.0|This is a very intense read. I would recomend it for Jr. and Sr. High, not younger kids. It was a page turner, and kept me up late a few nights. I read the three books in one week. Loved it!!!!
B0019NB9A2|5.0|Ok, I'm a Baby Boomer and grew up watching science fiction, both good and bad.  This movie is still my favorite. I never got a chance to see it in a movie theater, but now that I have my 55 inch LED and blue ray player, heck, who needs to?  \\"Forbidden Planet\\" is truely a classic and will be enjoyed by any generation.
B0039UTDFG|1.0|Before watching any of the series, I was indifferent to Oprah.  I don't watch her show but she's not bad as a daytime host from the little that I have seen of her.  My friend wanted to show me Life and I was very excited because I loved Planet Earth.  I didn't know who the narrator even was at the time, but it took less than a few minutes to realize it was absolutely terrible narration.  I also guessed that it was Oprah and decided that I no longer am indifferent towards her after watching just a single episode of Life with her voice.  Just like what everyone else has said, she is condescending and I am literally embarrassed to be listening to her narration while I am around other people because if I enjoyed it, then I am an idiot.  At least, that's how she makes me feel with this piece of work.  Do yourself a favor and enjoy Life the way it was meant to be experienced...watch the original BBC version.  I'm not even a big fan of Sir David, but I've grown a new-found respect for his work as I realize that not anybody can just grab a microphone and walk you through the absolutely stunning video.
B003W9KDQ2|5.0|Rewarding storyline for both loyal Doc Who fans and one-time viewers. Great fun and the love story is very touching.
B002N5N4M6|4.0|It a fun show that anyone can follow the jokes, It not rocket science so the program follow for easy viewing.The Big Bang Theory Star good study of far everyone to enjoy.
B0031YJFCQ|5.0|so glad i didn't have to wait to read this last book, i loved the way the author didn't spend half the book rehashing the 1st and 2nd books. great read
B003V6L94Q|4.0|I like the album; however, I didn't find it as good as their \\"Foundation\\" CD. I would still recommend the CD for anyone that has enjoyed past Zac Brown Band albums.
0439023521|3.0|This had an excellent, unique premise and kept me on the edge of my seat throughout. The setting is dark and dreary, which gets depressing if read for too long, but the suspense is second to none and there's little \\"predictability\\" in this one. Post-Apocalyptic America is not a pleasant place to be, especially for a teenager.
B003ZK58WM|5.0|I loved this story! It draws you in and takes you along and makes you wonder when you are not reading it what will happen next. After you finished, you find yourself wondering what happened to the characters and then you remember oh yeah they were not really real! Excellent just excellent!
B0000YEE7Q|2.0|i purchased this version of the movie because i had bought a $1 dvd of jane eyre.  the cheaper dvd had some missing scenes, and i came across this dvd.  i bought it, and the quality is so much worse than the cheaper dvd.  i'd rather watch the cheaper dvd with the missing scene than to have to watch the poor quality of this dumb thing.  if i had watched it before i threw away the receipt, i would have returned it immediately.
0800141660|5.0|I watched this film 4 times already and I still find it very agreeable. It's really funny and very well done. First time i watched it, for some reason Emma thompson and Kate winslet looked the same to me and I didn't know who was Elinor or Marianne either. Clearly I must have drank to much beer at the time. If you are a Jane Austen fan, then by all means pick this film up.<br /><br />The book was very good as well though long and confusing in the beginning at least. I dare say though that just like Pride and Prejudice, you should see the film first before reading the book. It will make the reading so much easier for you in the end.<br /><br />The story is simple enough. It's about two sisters, Elinor and Marianne. Marianne is basically open to everyone about everything and Elinore keeps her emotions and feeling in deep check. I am somewhat like Marianne and i've had the most unfortunate experience with an \\"Elinor\\" of my own who was an absolute complete waste of my time, but i digress.<br /><br />They both meet guys and go through trivial experiences and balance each other out along the way.<br />All the other characters were also very well like and fun to watch.
B003V6L94Q|5.0|This was a great album and has grown on me even more since my initial listening.  It has yet to leave my cars CD player and I don't expect that to change any time soon.
B000E1ZBGS|4.0|I read Pride and Prejudice and Zombies and now after watching Pride and Prejudice, i'm finally reading the regular book itself. Anyway, this film stuck to the book. The cast was well choosen and the whole of the film was entertaining. I enjoy the story of Eliza Bennet and Mr. Darcy. I must watch the film again though since i can't recall certain parts that i'm readin from the book right now. The book is easier to read than Sense and Sensibility but watching the film first does help you with understanding the plot and characters for sure.
B001MYIXAC|5.0|I wish people would stop giving LTROI a 1 star review just because of the subtitles!  It makes it's average go down and makes it look like a 4 star movie instead of 5 star that it is.  I love love love this movie and did buy the DVD with the theatrical subtitles, I don't know how bad the other ones were but surely you can't give the movie 1 star because of it?!  I get that you are reviewing the DVD on sale and not the actual movie, but you can give it 5 stars and say something like \\" don't buy this DVD, make sure you get the one that says theatriccal subtitles\\"  That's helpful, you give it 5 stars and you avoid coming off as whiny  :)
1600610234|5.0|This book is incredible!  I followed Doug's methods, and now I am turning out work that is leagues better than before.    Firstly, the book teaches you to draw sci-fi machinery. Maybe you thought you had to go to engineering school to work out the drive-train for a walking tank or a rocket-powered aircraft? Well, the book teaches you to invent and draw all the mechanisms and pseudo-engineering that make sci-fi machines look realistic. And Doug makes it fun. It takes practice, but he gives you simple guidlines to work it out.  For example, you would use an actual photo of a tractor engine and drive-train construction to develop the design for the leg mechanisms of a walking robot, etc.      Secondly, this book does not cover 3-D digital imagery/auto-CAD/computer-generated-imagery.  It does cover digital painting, but only as a method to color render designs; usually first rendered on paper in black-and-white. The book focuses on developing designs on paper, first.      The author often draws the designs on paper with full tone rendering, and then he scans them into the computer, and renders effects, color, texture, background, error correction, and much much more.     There isn't a great depth of technique discussion on digital painting, but the book does much to specifically detail many fundamentals of digital painting, with screen-shots to teach many tools and tips and tricks of digital painting.  Still, it is the focus on paper-drawing that is exactly what I was looking for.    The methods are easy and versitile; yielding quite varied styles.    The author varies the sequence and combinations of mediums and techniques depending on the subject to be rendered.  The mediums covered are blueline pencil, varied strengths of cool-grey markers (20%, 40%, 60%), a simple airbrush technique for background haze effects (optional), and finally digital painting 101. I was able to follow the majority of the digitial painting methods without using a computer drawing tablet! But,I have now purchased one, so my quality should improve all the more.     The paper-based methods covered in the book have been staples in  concept-drawing for decades, apparently.  After viewing the book, I now recognize the techniques in concept-design drawings going back to the 80's.    The book covers many wheeled machines, space-ships, an ornithopter, 2 jet-fighters, and more, but the author is obsessed with walking machines/tanks/robots of all sorts.  Personally, I think walking machines are a silly concept (1 leg down, and it ceases), but I have no complaints about this book!    The author discusses the impracticality of walking-machines, and  windows on a spaceship, and a steam-powered tank, but his focus is on aesthetic design, iconic design, and sellable designs.  He's got to sell his designs to get them on the big-screen, afterall.  You will appreciate and learn and enhance your own design ability!    Lastly, the book has a really strong plastic-coated dust-jacket that seems to hold up against abuse of all sorts, and the pages are printed in super high quality resolution of strong paper.
1441412840|5.0|This should be a bible, or mandatory class in school.  What a difference would it make to know this truth about our brains- right&left, male&female, conscious&subconscious, logical/rational&non-logical.. it's like heaven&earth, ego and soul, limited&unlimited, and only if we knew.  If you say enough is enough and done with a struggle, must read to change your life, it is a classic!!! Thank you Joseph Murphy for his dedication!
B003F3NE1Q|5.0|Season 6 maintains the same high standard we have become accustomed to in Greys Anatomy, with the addition of a few new characters. Despite the medical inaccuracies and increasing tendency of the docs to discuss their personal lives over an open patient on the operating table while scrubbed, the storylines themselves are addictive. The explosive finale will leave you asking - why didn't Bailey just use the stairs? Can't wait for Season 7!
B003YOZNBK|1.0|Because apparently, in order to overthrow the US Government, you need the Dragon Balls.    Seriously.  They fire off some large mortars of some sort into a city, then fire a glowing orb that literally looks like a Dragon Ball to make the mortars explode, thus destroying the entire city.    Oh, and because it's supposed to be a superhero film, they give Hex the ability to resurrect the dead simply to talk to them.  The actual character has no literal super powers, and is basically just a sweet cowboy character.  You'd think giving him a power like this would be awesome, but it's basically a McGuffin which serves no other purpose than to provide Hex with information he needs to move the plot along.  Never mind the actual character is one of the best trackers in the world, and could likely find his way to the bad guys faster than having to dig up dead bodies in graves at night.    Were the actual character to have any sort of power, it would more or less be how awesome he is, because his enemies become scared when they learn he's on their tail, and usually wind up making stupid decisions as a result.  I mean how great would that be?  He's so awesome, his reputation makes his enemies stupid.    This is easily one of the laziest attempts at film making I've seen.  They took what could have been a fun, crazy western with one of the sweetest characters you'd ever see, and turned it into a farce.  I'm not some fanboy, either, I'm simply familiar with the actual character.  I'm all for creative freedom in comic book adapted movies, because I realize they're made for a wider audience than the comic book crowd.  However, this movie makes no attempt at actually being good, or providing a compelling or interesting story.
B003QNXPUK|2.0|I ordered 2 of these products for iPhone 4, one of them is great. but the other one they delivered the wrong product what they delivered was for blackberry and i ordered for iPhone.    I opened the package without checking if its for iphone or blackberry, i trusted them, but i opened it and it was for Blackberry therefore i cannot return it.    it is a good company but the service is extremely BAD !    I advice who ever order from this company to check the item he/she got twice before opening it.
B002BSHWUU|5.0|If you have not bought this boxed set, do so before they vanish from the warehouses.  These are the Beatles in a clarity and strength not obtainable any other way.  The unique, clean sound is recreated.  I still miss these guys.  Don't transfer this material to MP-3; keep the whole spectrum to enjoy fully.
0385341008|2.0|I was surprised to find that the author was a native of West Virginia, because the cliche of the rich but boorish American man and the idea that the American soldiers just didn't suffer much during WWII all seemed to reflect the British attitude I encountered so often during my years living there.<br /><br />There were moments when I found the book interesting and could see the potential for either a light comic novel, or a tragic novel centered around a brave woman who suffered during the holocaust. This book tried to be both but was neither.<br /><br />Contemporary social values about single mothers and gays were imposed upon the 1946 characters to an almost laughable degree and the cardboard character of the snobbish church lady, whom we were all encouraged to hate (and slap,) was the most irritating factor of all for me.<br /><br />If you believe that all Americans are shallow and all Christians are hateful you may enjoy this book in spite of the choppy narrative and lack of plot.
0740748475|5.0|Got my books super fast and in perfect condition.  My husband wants these so bad, so guess what he's getting for Christmas? Thanks for the great service!!
0451205766|5.0|You have most likely seen the movie. You most likely loved it.     If you haven't read the book, you must. Like all novels adapted to film, the original is better. And this is the prime example of it. Puzo makes you fall in love with the characters, with 'bad guys' in the mafia. It's hard to write a review for such an achievement in literary history. All I can say is, read it. It is amazing.
0316017922|4.0|This book has great insights into what makes people successful. A very quick easy read.
B002N5N4M6|5.0|This was just a joy to own! I lived overseas and missed the third season so when it came out on DVD I was able to watch the whole thing before the fourth season started! I absolutely LOVE Big Bang Theory.
B003EY7IUY|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed the latest installment in Becky's misadventures. Kinsella fans have come to expect lots of outrageous situations, compounded by a well-meaning but misguided heroine, wrapped up neatly with a heartwarming ending. Mini Shopaholic delivers on these as usual. I found myself laughing out loud at times, and that's why I look forward to Kinsella's books so much.  However, I would have liked to see a bit more character development for Becky. After six novels, I really think she deserves better than the sneaky way she is written in this book. Becky actually comes across as more immature than ever in this book. Most of it makes for hilarious reading, but if we're going to keep rooting for Becky as our herione, we're going to have to see some growth at some point. I also would have liked to have seen a bit more of a believable connection between her and Minnie. The title implies more devotion to the storyline of Becky's out of control daughter, but in reality the Minnie storyline was more of a subplot, taking a backseat to the surprise party Becky tries to throw for Luke, which, again,was entertaining, but seemed a bit desperate as far as storylines go.    Overall, I recommend this book based on what it is: an enjoyable book, light, fun and easy to read. Fans of the Shopaholic novels will likely enjoy it as I did, and we can all hope for a bit more depth to the next installment, which appears to be forthcoming judging by the ending to this one.
B001992NW4|5.0|There was a time when horror flicks thrived on creating tension and actually had some character development in addition to the shocks and chills of the genre. Is \\"The Exorcists\\" a \\"theological thriller\\" or a \\"supernatural mystery\\" (as Linda Blair and William Peter Blatty call it respectively)? Does it really matter? It's a powerful film that still resonates due to brilliant performances by everyone (particularly a young Linda Blair and the late playwright Jason Miller who gives a vunerable performance in his debut). While exploitation horror flicks have always been around, director William Friedkin (\\"The French Connection\\", \\"Sorceror\\", \\"Cruising\\", \\"To Live and Die in L.A.\\") and writer/producer William Peter Blatty tucked elements of those films into a film examining the issues of faith, science and the cost of redemption with \\"The Exorcist\\". Much like Roman Polanski with \\"Rosemary's Baby\\", Friedkin and Blatty chose to use the horror film to dig into human behavior as much as they shock us.<br /><br />The new 2 disc Blu-ray gives us both the original theatrical cut and the 2000 \\"Extended Director's Cut\\" that Friedkin reworked adding in a couple of scenes, shuffling the order of a few scenes and editing out a few others in his pursuit of perfection. Both versions have their merits and both look marvelous in a stunning (for a 1973 film) transfer that doesn't betray the grainy look of the original film while still capturing the film with sharpness only hinted at in the previous DVD releases. As to which you prefer, that'll be your call. As much as I enjoy the addition of the show stopping \\"spider walk\\" sequence (and it does, indeed, stop the movie cold as the screen briefly goes to black)and some of the editing/digital tricks up Friedkin's sleeve, the original film resonates more for me and allows our imagination and the psychological terror a bit more free rein. The original film runs 122 minutes while the \\"Extended Director's Cut\\" runs about 132 minutes.<br /><br />Be aware though that Friedkin has tinkered with the 2000 \\"Director's Cut\\" that appeared on DVD removing some flash images of demons, etc. that evidently he felt might have been a bit cheesy in retrospect. Nevertheless, this is, largely, that 2000 DVD release with the exception of these minor differences. There isn't any additional footage beyond that edition included in the film that I could tell.<br /><br />The sound is marvelous throughout with a 5.1 mix that adds a wallop to the impact of the film. There's also a featurette on the different versions of \\"The Exorcist\\" that is quite interesting and an insightful commentary from director William Friedkin (although Friedkin occasionally falls into the bad habit of telling us what we're seeing he usually comes up with some interesting insight in the process). These are located on the first disc which features the \\"Director's Cut\\" from 2000.<br /><br />The second disc features the original cut of the film, two commentaries one with Friedkin and one with Blatty as well as the 1998 \\"The Fear of God: The Making of The Exorcist\\" from the original DVD release. We also get the interview gallery featuring various members of the cast and crew discussing everything from the original ending intended for the film to the meaning of the film. Friedkin's introduction of the 1998 DVD is included here as well.There is, of course, the original ending of the film which differs subtly from the final version with a bit more ambiguity.<br /><br />The film comes complete with a three part documentary on the making of the film which reveals a lot of the difficult issues that dogged the production both prior to release and after it hit theaters where many religious groups condemned the film which is ironic given the themes that are at the heart of the film.<br /><br />The first edition of this also comes with a handsome looking booklet looking like a hardcover book with biographies of the cast members, behind-the-scenes and production stills aswell as a one sheet with thoughts on the film by the director.<br /><br />Warner has done a fine job of transferring the film to Blu-ray (although some may quibble a bit with the choices by Friedkin and his DP in regards to color saturation--but it IS their film)and have brought over all the extras from previous editions as well as adding a three part documentary on the making of the film. Grain has been kept intact without the over use of digital noise reduction that can often mar a film like this. Of the two, the \\"Director's Cut\\" looks slightly better than the original theatrical edition of the film.<br /><br />Is \\"The Exorcist\\" the scariest film ever made? That's for you to judge--it all depends on whether or not you like your horror served hot or cold (i.e., shock value exploitation type horror or a mixture of that with psychological character driven suspense) either way Warner has once again done a brilliant job of creating the ultimate Blu-ray of the film for home video.<br /><br />Friedkin and Blatty managed to make a horror film that touched on our deepest, darkest fears AND also managed to deal with a number of major themes all while giving us complex, interesting characters an accomplishment that very few directors have managed when creating a horror film (Ridley Scott's \\"Alien\\" also does much the same thing) that is psychologically claustrophobic.<br /><br />(For an expanded version of this essay/review-go to my blog the address is listed on my \\"About Me\\" page at amazon.com)<br />Highly recommended.well as a one sheet with thoughts on the film by the director.<br /><br />Warner has done a fine job of transferring the film to Blu-ray (although some may quibble a bit with the choices by Friedkin and his DP in regards to color saturation--but it IS their film)and have brought over all the extras from previous editions as well as adding a three part documentary on the making of the film. Grain has been kept intact without the over use of digital noise reduction that can often mar a film like this. Of the two, the \\"Director's Cut\\" looks slightly better than the original theatrical edition of the film.<br /><br />Is \\"The Exorcist\\" the scariest film ever made? That's for you to judge--it all depends on whether or not you like your horror served hot or cold (i.e., shock value exploitation type horror or a mixture of that with psychological character driven suspense) either way Warner has once again done a brilliant job of creating the ultimate Blu-ray of the film for home video.<br /><br />Friedkin and Blatty managed to make a horror film that touched on our deepest, darkest fears AND also managed to deal with a number of major themes all while giving us complex, interesting characters an accomplishment that very few directors have managed when creating a horror film (Ridley Scott's \\"Alien\\" also does much the same thing) that is psychologically claustrophobic.<br /><br />(For an expanded version of this essay/review-go to my blog the address is listed on my \\"About Me\\" page at amazon.com)<br />Highly recommended.
B002ZG997M|5.0|An amazing story of what can happen when GOD provides his GRACE!!  Have FAITH, he will not lead you astray!
B003XMUFGQ|4.0|This is a great effort release by guitar maestro Eric \\"Slow Hand\\" Clapton titled \\"Clapton\\". The CD opens with a country-ish rock track, \\"Travelin' Alone\\", it does give one the mood of the album : easy listening & great guitar work by Eric Clapton. The remaining 13 tracks are of Blues Rock Music, with solid tracks including, \\"The Rockin' Chair\\", \\"River Runs Deep\\" (a great song composed by JJ Cale & has a great grand piano sound), \\"That's No Way To Get Along\\" (JJ Cale is great on guitar & vocals), \\"Everything Will Be Alright\\" (a composition by J.W. Cale, with great vocals by JJ Cale) &  \\"Diamonds Made From Rain\\" (this is my favourite track from this album, a composition by J.W. Cale with great vocals by JJ Cale, song also has great grand piano sound & Eric Clapton is great on guitar). Great tracks include  \\"How Deep Is The Ocean\\", \\"Can't Hold Out Much Longer\\", \\"When Somebody Thinks You're Wonderful\\" & \\"My Very Good Friend The Milkman\\".    Eric Clapton does play mandolin on tracks \\"Hard Times Blues\\" & \\"Run Back To Your Side\\" with some success. The late soul singer, Johnny Burke's song, \\"My Very Good Friend The Milkman\\" is well covered by Eric Clapton with Allen Toussaint playing great grand piano on that track.    In the overall analysis, this is a great Blues Rock album by Eric Clapton, aided by his friend & hero JJ Cale, Wynton Marsalis (on trumpet on \\"When Somebody Thinks You're Wonderful\\") & Sheryl Crow among many guest featured artists on this CD. A highly recommended easy & enjoyable listening if you are Eric Clapton or JJ Cale fan or you're into the Blues Rock Music.
B001CDWFPC|1.0|I bought this bible during church and was surprised to find out that there is no provision for navigating to the scripture you want.  The ESV version is fine, but unless you want to read straight through from the introduction, this isn't the right Bible.  I was very disappointed and felt I had wasted money on it.
0316077054|5.0|I loved Beautiful Creatures, the setting, the characters, the places it took you to....but I couldn't put Beautiful Darkness down.....it keeps you on the edge of your seat. It takes you to new & exciting places. I loved, loved , loved this book!!!!! Keep them coming...can't wait for the next one......
B0043X7WLA|5.0|Sufjan Stevens is one of the most interesting musicians that I know of. The fifty states project, a symphony devoted to an expressway, Christmas EP's, the list of intrigue goes on and on. After dabbling back and forth with the idea of ending his public music career for the last couple years, his All Delighted People EP surprised the heck out of most of us. Then the announcement came about The Age of Adz, and years of built of anticipation have culminated into this LP. No, I'm not exaggerating.<br /><br />Technically Sufjan Stevens has released several projects since his earth shattering Illinois album, but this is the first one people are truly looking at. It's not outtakes, remixes, a compilation, an EP, or symphony. It's a bonafide, brand new, traditional album with lyrics, music, and interesting cover art. This album does exactly what it needs to do.<br /><br />Though to most people it will probably not hold up in comparison to Illinois, in terms of importance I see the two albums of equal. As if he needed to do so, this album PROVES Stevens' unending skill at songwriting while at the same time exploring new territory. Do many other musicians maintain the balance between creativity and originality as well as Sufjan? I can't think of an example.<br /><br />I'm not going to go through each song or award the album a number out of ten; there are probably 9000 websites you can go to for that. I am going to say, however, that this album is a spectacular work of art, one of the best albums I have ever listened to, and does not disappoint at all. It's different, but in the sense that each Jones soda flavor is unique yet equally satisfying. The five minutes or so starting at 13:00 of the track \\"Impossible Soul\\" are possibly the best five minutes my ears have consumed in years.
1591396190|2.0|The good news:  The book is not wrong. It is indeed a positive to find/create a market that is no contested.    The bad news:  It doesn't tell you how to create and sustain one.     The veredict:  A good book to give to highschool students, this might be \\"news\\" to them. But if you are more advanced in your career this is defo trivial stuff.
B0012QE4Q2|1.0|If you've read Gregory's book, you'll be disappointed in the many things that were left out of this film. If you've read a number of Tudor biographies and/or sources, as I and many of the audience with whom I saw this film had, you'll be in a major rage upon the film's conclusion.  Costuming and cinematography were very well done, but a pretty picture does not a pretty accurate movie make.<br /><br />The best part of watching this film in it's entirety (twice if you're a glutton for punishment and nit-picking as I am) was the opportunity to start counting the number of historical mistakes and jumps to conclusion that were paid, undoubtably for 'dramatic purpose'. Among the most egregious:<br /><br />1. Mary Boleyn did not enter her first marriage to William Carey an innocent virgin. She and Anne had both been at the French court (there goes another one. Anne was never exiled to the French Court; she went there directly from the court of Margaret of Austria. It was a position of prestige not dishonor). Mary was unfairly maligned as the Great Prostitute, but she had been the mistress of the French king. She was Anne's sexually experience, though probably naive OLDER sister.<br /><br />2. Anne's betrothal to Henry Percy was NOT consummated nor did she trap him into a secret marriage.  Henry was a page in Cardinal Wolsey's household and Wolsey and Percy's father, the Duke of Northumberland opposed the union.  Henry was a member of the council that ultimately convicted Anne of treason and contemporary sources have found evidence that he bore the guilt of sending her to the block. He died in 1537 - a year after Anne's execution.<br /><br />3. Speaking of Wolsey, where the hell was he?  He was Henry's Lord Chancellor AND the major figure during the trial to determine the validity of Henry's marriage to Catherine.<br /><br />4. Henry was enough of a tyrant in his later years. There was no need to make him a rapist. That was just shockingly bad and unfounded.<br /><br />5. Anne and George did NOT commit incest. I hated this in the book and hated it on screen.  Tudor scholars are almost entirely in accordance that the charges against Anne, Sir Henry Norris, Sir Francis Weston, Sir William Brereton, and Mark Smeaton were all fabricated with the only evidence presented in court the confession of Mark Smeaton (this gotten after torture).<br /><br />5. At Anne's trial, the onlookers were stunned by the verdict.  Even Eustace Chapuys, the Spanish ambassador and fervent supporter of Catherine of Aragon believed she would be found innocent. In the film, it was a forgone conclusion that she would be found guilty.  Cromwell was the major player behind the scenes and instrumental in the determination of Anne's guilt.<br /><br />6. Speaking of Cromwell, where the hell was he?  Again a MAJOR character isn't even given a cameo role. The man was Henry's Lord Great Chamberlain!<br /><br />7. Anne's final words before her execution in real life contained NO admission or allusion of guilt.  They were 'Good Christian people, I am come hither to die, for according to the law, and by the law I am judged to die, and therefore I will speak nothing against it.  I am come hither to accuse no man, nor to speak anything of that, whereof I am accused and condemned to die, but I pray God save the king and send him long to reign over you, for a gentler nor a more merciful prince was there never: and to me he was ever a good, a gentle and sovereign lord.  And if any person will meddle of my cause, I require them to judge the best.  And thus I take my leave of the world and of you all, and I heartily desire you all to pray for me.  O Lord have mercy on me, to God I commend my soul.'<br /><br />8. Mary Boleyn did NOT witness the execution of her sister. She had been banished from court and disowned by the Boleyns for marrying William Stafford, a common soldier who was not considered a proper consort for the sister of the Queen of England. They were very poor and Marywrote to Cromwell on several occasions asking him to intercede on her behalf to the king.  They lived out their lives on a Boleyn estate - Rochford Hall in Essex - where she died in 1543.  After her banishment, Mary never spoke or saw Anne, George or her parents again.<br /><br />9. Elizabeth was NOT at Greenwich Palace at the time of Anne's execution. Such as had been the case with her older sister Mary, once she was a few months old, she'd been given her own household in Hertfordshire (Hatfield House).  Unless Mary's horse had wings AND armor, there was no way she could have traveled from the Tower of London to Hertfordshire and taken the child away from a royal household.  She would have been arrested on site.<br /><br />10.  Elizabeth was NOT raised by her aunt.  She grew up at Hatfield House, though she did spend much time at Enfield Palace (her beloved brother, Edward's home) as well as Henry's other palaces when she was called to court.<br /><br />Such a waste of actors, resources and plot. The story of the Reformation and in particular the Anne Boleyn years warrants a better and more accurate on-screen interpretation. This was definitely not that.the king.  They lived out their lives on a Boleyn estate - Rochford Hall in Essex - where she died in 1543.  After her banishment, Mary never spoke or saw Anne, George or her parents again.    9. Elizabeth was NOT at Greenwich Palace at the time of Anne's execution. Such as had been the case with her older sister Mary, once she was a few months old, she'd been given her own household in Hertfordshire (Hatfield House).  Unless Mary's horse had wings AND armor, there was no way she could have traveled from the Tower of London to Hertfordshire and taken the child away from a royal household.  She would have been arrested on site.    10.  Elizabeth was NOT raised by her aunt.  She grew up at Hatfield House, though she did spend much time at Enfield Palace (her beloved brother, Edward's home) as well as Henry's other palaces when she was called to court.    Such a waste of actors, resources and plot. The story of the Reformation and in particular the Anne Boleyn years warrants a better and more accurate on-screen interpretation. This was definitely not that.
B000003CMD|3.0|This is of course, a classic album. The music is terrific.<br /><br />The quality of the transfer to CD is good. The midrange is sounds natural, if a bit thin. The high end is crisp but attenuated. Snare drums sound like thumps without any underlying detail or resolution. The low end is also very thin. Bass does not go down very far, but what's there is not muddled. The best part of the transfer is the air -- you can hear the space around individual instruments and at times sense the sound stage in which the musicians are playing. The best examples are on Jelly Jelly with the organ, electric guitar solo and to a lesser extent, piano.<br /><br />All in all, a pretty good deal for an album from 1973.
B003PIUBZS|3.0|This is a historical TV drama series, which debuted on Starz TV in January 2010, is somewhat similar to other series like \\"Rome\\" and \\"The Tudors.\\" This is a story of a man betrayed by the Romans, and forced into slavery and reborn as a gladiator. He comes alive in this graphic and visceral series of violence, sex, and adult language enacted in the brutal world of blood and death. But not all battles are fought upon the sands. Treachery, corruption, and the allure of sensual pleasures will constantly test Spartacus. To survive, he must become more than a man, more than a gladiator. His masculinity and superiority is challenged by Batiatus in Capua. He has to fight for his freedom, and he ultimately becomes the head of all slaves and becomes their legend. TV viewers who like action drama would love this; the set comes in four CDs which have some bonuses including \\"Make-Up Effects\\", audio commentaries, trailers, bloopers, and behind-the-scenes footage.
B0034G4OVS|3.0|With an abundance of over-the top gore and exaggerated effects, this type of film conveys real-life horror,without reliance upon supernatural, serial killer or monster plot lines. For these 3 people this is the worst thing that could have happened during their casual ski trip, and as an onlooker, I was sad for their plight. The simple fact that they were threatened by the elements and the physical height of their predicament, made their fear palpable, and realistic-two factors that are marks of every-day horror, for me. Though one theorizes how you get out of a situation like that, which is natural, their hopelessness and idealism (we can jump to get help) clearly represented a natural and human response to a situation that left them no other choice.<br /><br />*Spoiler*<br /><br />The scene where the boyfriend is torn limb from limb by wolves, after having jumped to escape the situation and attempt to get help was just aweful, and for the two people caught in the ski-lift at physically dangerous heights, to have to endure the sight of that situation was horrible. The extras were interesting as the film maker explained how the physical obstacles impeded them at times, and were interesting as no green screens were used, in order to create the most realistic terror possible.<br /><br />The story was interesting and horrifying, but unfortunately a little more character development may have made me get more attached to these characters. Perhaps the story of the one guy telling his girlfriend experience should have come earlier. But either way, the realism of the story, and the fact this could actually happen, made the film resonate with me-especially in a sea of films that rely on blood and gore, for terror.
0307346617|5.0|I found this book to be a fantastic account of a fictional war between Humanity and Zombies.  I had a feeling I would enjoy this book, with all of the great reviews here on Amazon.  Though, I believe you always have a little nagging feeling that you could be let down.  However, not with this book.    The book is told by a writer who travels around the World, interviewing various survivors from \\"World War Z\\".  The war has ended, and humanity has survived.  Each chapter of the book, outlines the various individual and group encounters of humans and the undead.  Some chapter titles include:  \\"Warnings\\", \\"Blame\\", \\"The Great Panic\\", \\"Total War\\", and others.  I enjoyed the different account of how individuals, groups, and nations dealt with the rising problem of zombies.    A few of the stories I especially enjoyed were:  1)  the adventures of a blind homeless man in Japan, who takes it upon himself to personally eradicate all the zombies from his Homeland.  2)  how the Israelis built a war around themselves, and shut everyone else out 3)  and how the US learned the hard way in New York, that conventional war tactics did not work against the zombies...  There were many other short accounts that were fascinating to me, in how people respond in times of extreme distress, gloom, and trauma.  Could you bash in your child's head if they turned into a zombie?    I will not go into more detail, as many reviewers have done a great job here.  I never felt that the book lagged in parts, like some of the reviewers on here did.  I was always engaged, and often in thought of what I would do in the situations that these survivors were in.  Hopefully, I will never find out.  haha  If you are a zombie or an apocalypse book fan, you will like this book !
B002ZG99CM|2.0|After seeing Jackie Chan 10 times or so in the preview, I thought...I will give it a try. I watched the movie for over an hour to see if anything exciting happens...NOPE! First off...The kid is a carbon copy of his dad, which is not a good sign, because his dad can actually do some damage on screen. However, carbon copy? It's obvious why he was cast by seeing the producers credits (Dad AND Mom signed up!). I once received a free Taco Bell pass to go see it, and I decided to skip it just for the reason that it is so racist for an african american kid to be in CHINA and call it the Karate Kid. The original had a white kid in the U.S. and they called it that because the teacher knew Karate because he was from JAPAN. As I watched the rental, I turned it off not really knowing what happens at the end, because I simply didn't give a poo. I thought for a second that Jackie was going to teach him Karate in China, which seems odd, but in my mind it would still make sense because of the TITLE. It's the cyclical ignorance of casting Asians generically and feeding it to the western audience, as if we are morons. Another case in point- Memoirs Of A Geisha. The idea is terrible and racist, the story was too slow, and the acting was sub par from the kid, who took all the screen time. I didn't even see if he is actually a good martial artist.
0061765236|3.0|This book was written in typical Picoult style.  Taking an emotional, thought provoking topic and putting it in real life context.  The story moved quickly and was easy to read, however, the whole story line was troubling for me to get my mind around.  It's the kind of book that keeps me up late, mind racing.  By the end, I was exhausted for the characters and glad it was over!  I don't know if I can read another Picoult novel or not!  Being the mother of two small children, I find that they just touch a little too close to home for me!  That is part of Picoult's mission in the books she writes, so I guess she is successful in what she wants to achieve with her writing.
B0045MRLCE|2.0|When they debuted the first song from this album I was stoked for a fresh new artist. The song \\"If I Die Young\\" had it all! Haunting lyrics delivered by a soulful voice mixed with a surprisingly uplifting harmony made this a quick favorite.   The remaining tracks appear to have the lead vocal styling of Taylor Swift. The promise of smooth, soulful vocals instead gave way to screechy, range & tone jumps. While I admit Kimberly Perry has a pretty amazing talent, she hasn't proven the ability to control and maintain a sound my ears yearn to hear.   The music is pretty much the only thing making this album worthwhile for me. Neil and Reid Perry deliver consistently on each track.
B003TSEL7S|5.0|This book will keep many entertained and on the edge of their seats. It is a fairly easy read (target audience 10-15y/o), but not so simple to make it boring for adults. It is fast paced and answers some of the questions from the last series while raising many more.    If you are a fan of the series this is a must have, if you are a casual reader or new to the Riordan world of Olympus on earth, prepare to be hooked.
B00006ZCFH|5.0|Eryka Badu is always a human being whom I admire and respect,even more so after reading her recent interview for Waxpoetics magazine. She's insightful,has a good socio-musical understanding and manages to deal with her unique variation on afrocentrism very well. One of the things I will say about her though is that musically she often has some level of difficulty bringing her ideas into a clear musical focus. Her \\"neo-funk' sound always grooves with jazzy rhythmic touches and as much electric piano layoring and psychedelic soul musical touches as she can pack into her music. As such the three-four minute pop is not exactly her friend. On this album there's a concerted effort to remedy that. This album,originally intended as an EP is a ten track album running about ten minutes short of an hour primarily featuring songs of either very short or very long in lengh. The overall effect is not so much that of a jam band mentality but more over that of stretching out her broadly chorded and scoped melodies and harmonic effects to their maximum limit. That is exactly what happens on \\"Bump\\",\\"Back In The Day (Puff)\\", and \\"I Want You\\". The overall songs stick within her basic musical framework:spare funk with an MG's like quality of every instrumental lick counting although it's loose rather than precise and far far cleaner produced,with puncuated bass synthesizers added for an important measure. The songs also totally split apart by the end,either with a few minutes of free form vocalese or simply slowing the tape down gradually on the songs conclusion. On \\"The Grind\\" and \\"Danger\\" she brings more hip-hop up front as she brings out that the modern inner city problems of money and the stress that comes with it are as if not more vital today than they were during the period when the music that inspired her was originally being made and the rapping in the songs,by her and others further look to that concept. Her lyrical focus on general,sometimes non sexual romance (either internally or externally focused) are similarly open ended. The album comes to a very strong conclusion with \\"Think Twice\\", a song in her signiture style with fully acknowledges the strong influence of Donald Byrd in her music as well as \\"Love Of My Life Worldwide\\",a more mid lengh and very well crafted funk song (emphasize song) with a rap provided by Queen Latifah and a very dynamic and inventive bridge. As with just about everything Erykah Badu does musically one does have to expect the unexpected from this album. That is after all part of the essense of who she is as a person and an artist and the lines aren't as far apart as one might think. Because of the extended runs here she is about to find a little more focus than usual by stretching out the songs so her broad approch doesn't seem too confined and held back and for the listener and music lover it's an excellent way to present her artistry.romance (either internally or externally focused) are similarly open ended. The album comes to a very strong conclusion with \\"Think Twice\\", a song in her signiture style with fully acknowledges the strong influence of Donald Byrd in her music as well as \\"Love Of My Life Worldwide\\",a more mid lengh and very well crafted funk song (emphasize song) with a rap provided by Queen Latifah and a very dynamic and inventive bridge. As with just about everything Erykah Badu does musically one does have to expect the unexpected from this album. That is after all part of the essense of who she is as a person and an artist and the lines aren't as far apart as one might think. Because of the extended runs here she is about to find a little more focus than usual by stretching out the songs so her broad approch doesn't seem too confined and held back and for the listener and music lover it's an excellent way to present her artistry.
142311339X|5.0|This book will keep many entertained and on the edge of their seats. It is a fairly easy read (target audience 10-15y/o), but not so simple to make it boring for adults. It is fast paced and answers some of the questions from the last series while raising many more.     If you are a fan of the series this is a must have, if you are a casual reader or new to the Riordan world of Olympus on earth, prepare to be hooked.
0385339607|4.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book. I am a new fan of Mr. Grisham's and found this to be quite a page turner. However,  I could have ended it one chapter early and been more satisfied.  I hated the ending with a passion!
B0039Q7QKE|5.0|1. Very accurate to the latest Start Trek movie.<br />2. Not as thick as you would think (while the picture above does not show a side profile, it looks thick)<br />3. Real metal. A good thing in this world-o-plastic.<br />4. The writing and badge design on the box pictured above is photo-manipulated (\\"photoshopped\\") as the writing on the box you get is barely visible.<br />5. The background behind the badge in the box that you get is brown, not yellow/gold as seen above.<br />6. It has two pins to hold it securely and upright to whatever garment you attach it.<br />7. The badge is heavy. You may want to find a way to anchor the back of the garment you use or ensure you are using a thick enough fabric to prevent sag.<br />8. Brushed finish is nice. These are still obviously mass produced, so a little cleaning up via better brushing and removing some flash may be necessary to make it picture/conference perfect.<br />9. Will try to remember to post detailed pictures once my new HTC Evo 4g arrives.<br /><br />Overall great product. Looking forward to obtaining the rest of the badges. Someone want to gift them to me? They are on my wishlist... (hint, hint) :]
B00169N0BK|5.0|Alright, no one wants to listen to me ramble or wax poetic, so here it is, short and sweet: I have used other monitor profiling hardware in the past, and all of them work to some extent, but nothing, regardless of cost, can compare with the X-Rite ColorMunki Photo. It is the most accurate and predictable piece of equipment like this I've ever used, and if all it did were accurately profile my dual displays, so that they finally matched for the first time since being purchased, that would be reason enough to be completely satisfied.<br /><br />However, the real reason that I love my ColorMunki is that it also accurately profiles my Epson large-format printer. For the first time since buying this expensive puppy, what I see on my monitor actually appears on the prints that I produce. Regardless of whether the paper is watercolor, semi-gloss, glossy, or professional velvet, when the appropriate profile is created and then selected, the results are always 100% accurate and predictable. When you're spending approximately $15 out-of-pocket for every print that comes out of this machine, mistakes are costly and amount to considerable money very quickly. In the first month since acquiring it, I have easily paid for my ColorMunki in paper and ink savings alone, to say nothing of the enormous amount of time and frustration that has been saved. Recently, I created a dozen large-format prints that I had orders for using only twelve sheets of paper. Previously, I would've used between thirty-six and forty-eight to end up with perfect final products. That means, from this one print job alone, my ColorMunki saved me between $360 and $540!<br /><br />Buy your X-Rite ColorMunki Photo with absolute confidence, but don't second-guess the setup or calibration procedure in any way. Follow the steps exactly as they are outlined in the extremely simple onscreen tutorial and your results will always be spectacular.
B001SGEUNI|5.0|I bought this CD immediately after seeing this band live at the Uproar Tour this past summer.  They were absolutely amazing.  The whole band is talented and no one member outshines another, which is rare for a femaled-fronted rock band.  They were great live, but I didn't really, truly appreciate the band until I heard the whole album.  Buy it - you'll love it!
B002FID3M2|5.0|THere is something special about this simple story, spanning just a few days. Waller's ability to express emotion is outstanding.
B003HLM2QO|5.0|I get a kick out of those people that think they are qualified to judge the music of the Ozzman. Odds on the greatest musician, songwriter and lyricist of the 20th and possibly the 21st century. A true professional and grand artist if there ever was one. Every album, every song speaks to his genius. And yet there are those who do nothing extraordinary in life who critisize.<br /><br />You people need to get a life. Otherwise just enjoy the music that flows from the best of the best. Peace.
B003EYVXYQ|4.0|I had to give this 4 stars due to the fact that if you're a true die-hard Romero fan, you just \\"get\\" what he was trying to accomplish here.  From Night of the Living Dead through Land of the Dead, we've seen the progression of zombies from brainless killing/feeding machines to dead vessels that are still killing/eating machines, however, are beginning to recall some of their faculties from their previous lives as living human beings.  A scary prospect, but a fantastic one too.  These monsters were once us, and the only thing we had over them was the fact that we could think for ourselves and problem solve.  Now those differences seem to be less black and white, filling with lots of gray areas.    Now, as the synopsis states, this movie takes place after Diary of the Dead, and follows the military guy and his lackeys who harassed the film students and their instructor and stole their food and supplies.  They make the military characters actually likable in this film; you see things from their point of view in a dog-eat-dog world.      I'm not going to give anything away about the plot, but I will touch on what most people seem to be complaining about concerning this film: the special effects.  For whatever reason, be it low budget or whatever else may have swayed Romero, computer animation was chosen to create the special effects in this film.  We are used to seeing artfully spectacular effects by masters of makeup and effects in Romero's films, mixed with subtle computer graphics that keep things morbidly realistic.  Turning to all computer graphics for this film was a complete letdown of a shock.  I felt like I was watching a movie made for the SyFy channel; a bad B-movie when it came to special effects.  It was very disappointing.  And I think that Blu-Ray worked against the film in that respect: awful effects in HD are just awful more clearly for all to see.    Don't watch this film for the effects this time, as I have often done with Romero's previous films at first viewing.  This film needs to be watched from first view for the story line and social undertones.  Watch it to see how the zombies change from film to film and how the living people progress and digress.  Don't go looking for realism in special effects this time around.
B003VS0CWO|5.0|this is more of a question than review....?? love the movie, that was the 5 star, but does anyone know if there is a digital copy? this is an anniversary blu ray book edition, and i bought the batman one and it came with a digital copy....so just wondering...thanks
B0031RAOVY|5.0|I highly recommend this movie.  It is a simple but very lovely story. We were interested in this movie before it was on the market. But after the loss of our own dog, we could not decide to buy it immediately. In the end we bought and watched it many times and we think we made a good purchase.
0764207407|5.0|Ihave always wanted to read Jane Austen but, to be honest, have always been rather intimidated.  However, I have recently found two things that dramatically help put that intimidation aside- reading in an English accent (haha- seriously!) and using the Insight Editions of her work!<br /><br />If you haven't heard of the Insight Editions published by Bethany House, you have really got to check them out!  All throughout the books they sprinkle little trivia and helpful side-notes.  Everything from how things were depicted in film adaptations, to what was happening in Jane's real life at the time of her authorship, to giving the context and definition to various phrases and references in the books, the Insight Editions truly give that extra little verve and interest to the classic works.  The extras are well written and added with care by a fellow author (Julie Klassen) who has a genuine love and appreciation for Austen's work.<br /><br />Now, of course, Jane Austen stands on her own just fine, but having always been an avid watcher of DVD Bonus Features, the Insight Edition was right up my alley!  If you have ever considered purchasing one of these classics, I would highly recommend going the Insight Edition route!
B003ZK58WM|1.0|i won't be downloading this book by one of my favorite authors at this price.  amazon says this is the price point set by the publisher and so i can't fault the folks at kindle.  rating this book based on the price is a legitimate act and those who disagree can have their opinion, but quit telling everyone else what to do.
0345509617|5.0|[[VIDEOID:mo18ICJSGFZLR0Y]]This book is finally out after being postponed for a few times. It's actually 362 pages, slightly thicker than the previous book, [[ASIN:0345494768 The Making of Star Wars: The Definitive Story Behind the Original Film]], which is already a massive book. It seems that no paperback edition is available yet at the launch.<br /><br />Once again, I'm marveled by the amount of information packed into the book by author J.W. Rinzler. I can't even begin to imagine the amount of research and effort is needed to put everything together, after the movie was screened 30 years ago.<br /><br />The book details the arduous journey in the making of the film from the first story conference up to screening, and to the film awards won after that. The writing is excellent, filled with all sorts of stories and quotes. You get to read about the technical aspect of creating the movie, the little tricks used to create something believable on screen - see how they use fiber optics for lighting spaceships, painting the backgrounds, fixing up Yoda, and much more including production diaries of how they shoot.<br /><br />The pages are also loaded with concept art, sketches, storyboards, memos, film stills and photos. All well reproduced, very detailed. There are lots of fun stuff happening behind the scenes captured on camera.<br /><br />While the book is pricey, yes, it's well worth the money. With so much material, it will take more than one sitting to go through them.<br /><br />Definitely a \\"must have\\" for Star Wars fans.<br /><br />-<br /><br />Note that in the previous book, they took out some content from the paperback edition. Not sure if it's going to happen here again.
B003Y8YXH6|5.0|I want to preface this review by stating that I only downloaded the Lennon songs, not Yoko's.  I absolutely do not mean to slag Yoko, I only want to praise this re-release.  I think Yoko has done an admirable job of watching over John's music after he was murdered and I like some of her music.  That said, this is like the \\"Let It Be... Stripped\\" album of Paul's desired remixing, which I also liked, and the \\"John Lennon:  Acoustic\\" album, also great.  Lennon was apparently very uncomfortable with his voice, according to interviews with John, Paul, and George Martin, which is ridiculous, because he had one of the greatest voices in rock, along with Paul McCartney, John Fogerty, and Roger Daltrey.  But this re-release thankfully focuses on his voice and removes most of the Phil Spector-style crap-production (I also applaud George Harrison for de-Spector-izing his \\"All Things Must Pass\\" album).  This is just an already-great album of great songs stripped down so that you hear the actual artist at work rather than the producer.  I highly recommend this.    Yoko, could you please do the same for \\"Imagine\\" and \\"Plastic Ono Band\\"?  Because this one sounds great.    I believe this is how John's solo career should have sounded all along.  No Spector, all Lennon.
B0030N8Y4S|5.0|I was never a tv-watching person; I always thought there were so many other exciting things to do that were so much worthwhile - but once I started watching \\"24\\" I became addicted.  I never (and probably never will) got \\"into\\" a show like I did 24.  I started watching it at season 6 and knew I'd have to rent the other seasons to bring me up to date - and that's just what I did - sitting on the edge of the couch night after night.  I've never seen a show this compelling - this addicting.  Keifer Sutherland has quickly became my all-time favorite actor, this is the greatest thing he has done.  All episodes are worth way more than the reasonable price that Amazon charges to watch them.  I bet you can't watch just one episode.........
B000002I6V|5.0|Though it's a short album, and although it doesn't compare with the legandary Crosby, Stills and Nash albums of the late 60's/early 70's, none of that means a single thing when listening to the relatively unknown Songs for Beginners.      This album is loaded with a ton of emotion courtesy of Nash's distinctive style, beautifully sung vocal melodies, and really good early 70's vibes.  Plus it contains two of my all-time favorite songs.    Which songs do I absolutely love?  \\"Military Madness\\" is the first one.  I absolutely LOVE this track is more ways than I can possibly put into words.  I first heard this track from an XM radio station, and ever since then I've been totally hooked.  A beautiful vocal melody reminsicent of Neil Young's \\"Harvest\\" perhaps, this song takes that laidback country rock style and enhances it with a vocal melody that sounds both depressing and angry.  One of my favorite songs to just sing to myself whenever I'm doing something around the house.    The other magnificent track that brings me to tears is \\"There's Only One\\".  It has that early 70's dramatic level of sincerity to it, and you know, that's exactly why I like it.  I can think of a couple George Harrison and Paul Simon songs that are along the same lines.  That vocal melody is enough to bring a grown man to tears.  Yes, I'm talking about ME!    Other highlights are \\"I Used To Be a King\\" which actually reminds me of Nick Drake a little bit, and \\"Better Days\\" is another solid track.      Overall, don't expect Crosby, Stills & Nash level of brilliance, but expect a highly enjoyable quality album nonetheless.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|I expected to get a mediocre sharpener for this cost.  I was quite surprised at the edge this little guy is capable of achieving.  Haven't used the serrated sharpener, but the carbide and ceramic sharpeners allowed me to achieve arm shaving sharpness.
B00402FGE4|1.0|Outstanding science fiction classics Stargate SG-1 and Atlantis had pretty much run their course, especially with the cartoonish \\"Michael\\" story arc from Atlantis.     With the advent of Stargate: Universe, the producers and writers, and SyFy Channel wanted something different from the other Stargate franchises.   They wanted the kind of restless, jiggly camera work that film students like, because it makes them feel \\"edgy\\" instead of doing the same old thing. Rather than finding it creative, I find it just plain annoying. (In fact, it gives me a headache.) Unfortunately, this type of camera work has spread throughout TV and the movies like a malevolent virus.    SGU is just recycled premises from the 60's programs Lost in Space and The Time Tunnel (we can't get back!). To this, they added a shipload of annoying characters (apparently having tried it with McKay, they fell in love with the idea and tried it with an entire cast), plus one or two 40-watt bulbs for lighting, and created a dark soap opera in space. Yay. Meanwhile, the plots are just excuses to put these characters into situations where they can backstab one another, or gratuitously do the nasty.    There will always be those who will soak up any drivel that is served up to them on their television set (after all, Gilligan's Island was once a popular show) - and some discerning viewers will like SGU as well, for their own unfathomable (to me) reasons. However, the rest can vote with their feet and wallets, and refuse to support second-rate programming (phew, I almost called it science fiction before I caught myself). If you liked SG-1, I'd advise not buying this DVD.
0439023483|5.0|Loved It!!<br /><br />I'm not exactly sure why I didn't read this sooner. Maybe the idea of kids being placed in an arena to fight for their lives caused me to be a little weary of it, but hands down, this definitely earns a spot on my favorite shelf.<br /><br />A century after environmental catastrophes have changed the face of North America. The former US, now known as Panem, is divided into 12 districts and a capitol. At one point in time, the districts rebelled against The Capitol but lost. As a result, The Capital now holds The Hunger Games every year. The Hunger Games is a reality show where two children - a boy and a girl - from each district are put into an arena to fight each other and the last one left alive wins.<br /><br />Not many books have caused me to have such strong emotions, not only for the characters but for the setting as well. Collins created such a believable world and characters that it was easy for me to get lost in their lives and experience the intense situations they were forced to face.<br /><br />I love Katniss. Her determination to take her sister's place in the games made her a great heroine in my eyes. I couldn't help but root for her every step of the way. She's strong, stubborn, and by far, one of the best female characters in the YA world. Other players had just enough backstory to help me decide whether to love or hate them. There was no unnecessary info, nor was there any details left out.<br /><br />I completely devoured this book and can't wait to read more of Katniss...and Peta. All I got to say is if you haven't already read this yet, then you're missing out on possible the most exciting book ever!!
1400049628|4.0|A very fun read emphasizing form follows function.  It's nice to see that bolt-action rifles, motorcycles, and machetes are more practical and valuable than the whiz-bang stuff of the modern world.  Once that world comes crashing down, basics and grit will matter most.  Very enjoyable.
B003ZK58WM|2.0|I am upset with the ebook price....why would it be greater than the hardcover price?  I am sure it is a good read but not on as an eread!
B0011NVC98|3.0|In its attempt to portray a classic, the film Beowulf stays true to the epic themes originally illustrated by the poem.  The overarching theme of good vs. evil is still ever present, but the film version takes it one step further.  Hrothgar and Beowulf are both given a choice as to whether or not to succumb to evil temptations of beauty, power, and riches, and ultimately, both mighty heroes fall prey to the provocation.  Ultimately, both heroes must face their mistakes and battle against evil for the good of the kingdom.  However, because the heroes are tainted by their decisions in the epic portrayal, the author takes away from their original epic traits. Beowulf was a character that traveled the seas fighting against the evils of the world for justice and fame.  The film shows a side of him not seen before as he contradicts his Anglo-Saxon values and is overcome by the evil promises of a demon.  Additionally, the film shows Beowulf after he has reigned over the kingdom for many winters.  Beowulf is depicted as sad and remorseful for his actions.  This completely contradicts the egotistic, prideful, and valiant Beowulf of the epic.   The film version succeeds in its portrayal of the components of an epic.  Beowulf is an epic hero that we as an audience root for.  He is constantly battling various beasts and clashing with supernatural elements.  We see Beowulf battle Grendel, the giant and strong monster that was Hrothgar's curse. Beowulf also battles the great dragon, his son and the result of his sins.  The play highlights the classic boasts of Beowulf not only when he confronts Unferth, but when describes his great victories over the beasts.  In addition, the film shows Beowulf's funeral.  The film version successfully portrays all of the components of an epic.       I give the film a rating of three stars simply because the traits of the epic characters were tainted in the reproduction.  The film successfully illustrated the epic components and the various themes of the original play. However, in order to make the film flow and add interest for the viewers, they took away from the true character traits of Beowulf.  Additionally, the author made the film interesting for viewers while retaining many of the original aspects of the play.
1439153663|5.0|I heard about this book twice in the same week from two different friends who highly recommended it to me to read.  I went out after the second gleaming recommendation and bought it.  I was still a little hesitant as The Help had also been highly recommended by similar friends.  However, with the opening chapter I was hooked on this read and finished it in just a few days.  I found myself immersed in the story, actually wanting to put off other things to find out what would happen next.  Less and less books seem to have that affect on me so I was rather pleased with this read.  The story, as far as I'm concerned, was an honest read, not forced or contrived. I think that others looking for a well thought out story would also enjoy this book. I have already purchased this book as a Christmas gift wanting to pass on this wonderful read to someone else whom I think would enjoy it.
B002JIOQCO|4.0|First, yes, this is derrivative rock. Based on classic stuff from the 70's. A lot of Sabbath, Zep, a sprinkling of Purple and even Yes.  But man it is fun stuff. Especially in the current era of Glee, American Idol, and all the other crappola that is flooding the airwaves.  And everything sound so polished!  This is a breath of fresh air. Their first album I absolutely loved, and it still is a fav. And I was worried with the reboot of the back with only one member being the constant, but Adam is the man behind the curtain, his singing is fantastic, and he is solid riff master on the guitar. And he is just having so much fun, it is infectious.  Cosmic Egg takes a bit of time to settle and get into, but it is great! Full on heavy riffs, great spacy lyrics, and a solid sound that demands attention.  This is fun stuff and just relax and enjoy.
B002ZG999U|1.0|Please don't be fooled by the overwhelming positive feedback on this really bad movie. I love action movies. I love being able to spend 2 hours in the dark, watching guys shoot each other and blow up expensive stuff etc. I really do. But this film is really really horrible.   Apart from bringing 60+ action heroes of my childhood (I am 42) together, there is really nothing inetersting here.  People say they like it because it reminds them of the past action heroes. I also hate some of the new generation action flicks and I definitely despise twilight vampires. But if you really wish to see such movies just watch Rambo, Lethal Weapon again. Those movies were good and in the context of their timing they were actually great. Now and today if you try to repeat it, it only looks stupid.  I am sorry to say I wasted my time on The Expandables. I can only advise you not to do the same mistake...
B003TJ4YU6|4.0|I remember watching the last performance in this set on the floor of our living room. I enjoyed it just as much now as then. Now if there was a DVD of all the Beatles promotional videos shown on Ed's show, it would be so cool!
B003XKAZK4|4.0|(Note: This review is for the 6-Disc Ultimate Edition. It was written when the reviews for all 3 editions were merged together, for some reason amazon moved my review to one of the other editions)    Being a big fan of Robert Williams, I was extremely excited at the idea of him releasing a career-spanning comprehensive collection of hits, music videos and b-sides. Already having released his first Greatest Hits album back in 2004 which spanned his first 5 studio albums, Robbie now brings us In And Out Of Consciousness, which oversees all of those albums as well as his 3 albums since. And while Greatest Hits omitted some of his singles, this new collection includes ALL of his solo UK singles to date. The first 2 CD's contain 39 tracks including 2 new songs, \\"Shame\\" (UK Peak Position #2) and \\"Heart and I\\", as well as his rare first solo single \\"Freedom\\" (UK Peak Position #2), which was a cover of the George Michael song. Robbie's version had been previously unreleased on any album until now) and a sole track from his original tenure with Take That (\\"Everything Changes\\" (UK #1)).     The songs on the first 2 discs run in reverse chronological order, starting with the 2 new songs, then from the newest hits to the older classics.     From Robbie's 1997 debut solo album, LIFE THRU A LENS, the singles \\"Old Before I Die\\" (UK #2), \\"Lazy Days\\" (UK #8), \\"South Of The Border (UK #14), \\"Angels\\" (UK #4), and \\"Let Me Entertain You\\" (UK #3) are included. The songs showcase the rock-n-roll / pop beginning of Robbie's career, with \\"Angels\\" being his signature song.    From 1998's I'VE BEEN EXPECTING YOU, all 4 of the singles are here: \\"Millennium\\" (UK #1), \\"No Regrets\\" (UK #4), \\"Strong\\" (UK #4), and \\"She's The One\\", which was released as a double A-side with the non-album track \\"It's Only Us\\" [UK double-A side #1], which is also included in this set. By this point, the songwriting in his work was a bit more mature, and the production more solid. \\"Win Some, Lose Some\\", another track from the album, was released only in New Zealand as the final single, and is sadly not included on this greatest hits collection.    Robbie's third album, 2000's SING WHEN YOU'RE WINNING, produced 6 big international hits: \\"Rock DJ\\" (UK #1), \\"Kids\\" with Kylie Minogue (UK #2), \\"Supreme\\" (UK #4), \\"Let Love Be Your Energy\\" (UK #10), the double a-side release \\"Eternity\\" (at the time, a non-album track) coupled with \\"The Road To Mandalay\\" (UK #1), and \\"Better Man\\", which was only released in Australia, New Zealand, and South America. With this album, Robbie had found his stride, and had become a bonafide pop star. All of these singles are included on IN AND OUT OF CONSCIOUSNESS with the exception of \\"Better Man\\", one of Robbie's best songs ever, in my opinion. This is understandable because the song was not a UK single, but I feel that an exception could have been made for this beautiful song.    From Robbie's one-off 2001 swing standards album SWING WHEN YOU'RE WINNING, his duet with Nicole Kidman, \\"Somethin' Stupid (UK #1) is featured, as well as the European only double a-side tracks \\"Mr. Bojangles\\" and \\"I Will Talk And Hollywood Will Listen\\".    In my opinion, 2002's ESCAPOLOGY is still Robbie's all-time best album, easily shown by 4 excellent singles: \\"Feel\\" (UK #4. i still can't believe this didn't chart higher!), \\"Come Undone\\" (UK #4), \\"Something Beautiful\\" (UK #3), and \\"Sexed Up\\" (UK #10), which had originally been released as an acoustic b-side back in 1998 on the \\"No Regrets\\" single.    In 2004, Robbie's first GREATEST HITS album was released, and featured 2 new singles: \\"Radio\\" (UK #1), and \\"Misunderstood\\" (UK #8). Both songs are included on this new hits set as well, which kind of renders the original GREATEST HITS useless, except for the gorgeous album covers.    2005's INTENSIVE CARE contributes the 3 official singles \\"Tripping\\" (UK #2), \\"Advertising Space\\" (UK #8) and \\"Sin Sin Sin\\" (UK #22, at the time his first solo single to miss the top 20), as well as the airplay only single \\"Make Me Pure\\".    2006's underrated electronic/dance RUDEBOX album also contributes 3 singles: \\"Rudebox\\" (UK #4), \\"Lovelight\\" (UK #8) and \\"She's Madonna\\" (UK #16). \\"Bongo Bong\\" was released as a single in Europe and South America but is not featured on this collection.    From Robbie's latest album, 2009's REALITY KILLED THE VIDEO STAR, the featured singles are \\"Bodies\\" (UK #2), \\"You Know Me\\" (UK #6) and\\"Morning Sun\\" (UK #45, his lowest-charting UK single to date).     The third CD is where all of the major flaws come in for me. This is the disc of B-sides and Rarities. First things first: Robbie has nearly eighty (80!) b-side / non-album / compilation-only tracks (most of those being -b-sides) yet they only serve us up ONE disc including 18 tracks. Seriously?? To add insult to injury, the selection of some of the tracks that they DO include are questionable (\\"Lonestar Rising\\"? \\"Do Me Now\\"?? These are FAR from his best.) Where are \\"Ugly Love\\", \\"Come Take Me Over\\", \\"Ev'ry Time We Say Goodbye\\", \\"Berliner Star\\", \\"Appliance Of Science\\", \\"Bag Full Of Silly\\", etc.??? There are a few b-sides that exist only on DVD singles that should have been included because most people cannot rip DVD audio very easily into am mp3. The b-sides section should have been 3 discs, AT LEAST. and what about some remixes thrown in for good measure?       This Ultimate Edition also features 2 DVD's (Discs 4 and 5) with all of the videos of the songs featured on the first 2 CD's. It's going to be nice to have all the official videos in once place for the first time, although I wish they had included some bonuses like the U.S. version of \\"Angels\\" or other fan-release videos like \\"Dance With The Devil\\" and \\"A Place To Crash\\".     The 6th disc is a DVD of a previously unreleased 2005 concert in Berlin, Germany.      Also worthy of note is that the digital edition of this album feature 2 bonus previoulsy unreleased tracks \\"Dogs And Birds\\" and \\"Email From A Vampire\\". They should have added both of these the physical CD. You would think they would want to give people more of an incentive to buy the actual product to help the already dying cd industry.    Overall, this collection is a nice, comprehensive  taster of Robbie's history, and it is done beautifully, but I sincerely hope there is a complete, massive audio anthology collection on its way in the next few years.    EDIT 10/18/2010:    I finally received my copies of all the editions. Here are some additional notes:    AMERICAN STANDARD 2-CD Edition: Comes in a jewel case that holds both discs  INTERNATIONAL STANDARD 2-CD Edition: Comes in a trifold cardboard case with one disc inserted on each of the side flaps, and a booklet in the middle.  INTERNATIONAL AND AMERICAN DELUXE 3-CD Edition: Comes in a CD sized casebound book with the same basic booklet as the standard edition, but with a few additional additional photos.   INTERNATIONAL ULTIMATE EDITION (not available as an American Edition): comes in a longer version of the Deluxe packaging at 2 times the length. The booklet is much more expanded with lyrics, release dates, single cover, and UK chart positions. One of the first things I noticed is that the release date and peak position for Tripping is incorrect. Sorry, but I am a nerd and minor details like this get on my nerves SO much. The bad news is that the discs are inserted into flaps on the side panels, and then almost rub up against each other so there is plenty of opportunity for scratches on the discs with time. USA FANS: The DVD's WILL NOT Play in standard usa players (At least it didn't on mine). You will need a multi region player.
0634023020|5.0|Great Jazz guitar arrangements of Miles music. It was also enjoyable to just listen to as well.
B003YFIUW8|5.0|Simply beautiful. It has been a long time since a book has touched me so deeply. A wonderful picture of a Mothers love for her child. Heartwrenchingly wonderful.
B002ZMZBD2|5.0|I thoroughly enjoy listening to this soundtrack.  I listen to it in the car, on the computer and on the ipod. The selections are lively and playful.  It's hard to resist the tempation to tap my toes or move to the flow of the tune.
B003HGKJ3M|4.0|A-Ha made it big in America exactly one time, with this album and the number one single \\"Take On Me.\\" The rest of the world kept them at superstar status, with hits continuing through the band's 25 year career. Granted, \\"Take on Me\\" is one of the absolute best pop singles of the decade, yet A-ha deserved a better fate in the states than to be known for \\"Hunting High and Low.\\"<br /><br />Part of that issue is how the video and the record company obviously thought these Norwegian pretty boys were the next Duran Duran and set about marketing them that way. While much of \\"Hunting High and Low\\" does fit the bill of lightweight synth-pop, A-Ha had much more up their sleeves. Songs like \\"Train Of Thought\\" had a darker lyric hidden inside the confection, and the title track was a great ballad about lost love. The only other single a-ha pushed into the US Top 40, \\"The Sun Always Shines On TV,\\" is a dramatically produced song that highlights lead singer Morten Harkett's vocal flair.<br /><br />The only time the band stumble is towards the end, with \\"Dream Myself Alive\\" and \\"Love Is Reason,\\" which come off as filler synth-pop. They redeem themselves with the emotional closer, \\"Here I Stand and Face The Rain,\\" which was a harbinger of how much the band would change by the much darker \\"Scoundrel Days\\" follow-up and the emotionally deeper album that came yet after. But for sheer pop thrills, \\"Hunting High and Low\\" remains a great album, and the remaster sounds terrific.<br /><br />(Bonus disc contains a batch of so-so unreleased material, inconsequntial demos, with the real treats being disc one's bonus extended mixes of \\"The Sun Always Shines\\" and the title track.)
B003DZX44I|2.0|Bad quality...I have no problem with the movie disc at all. But my bonus disc has a major problem. When playing \\"Beyond Beauty - The Untold Story\\", the sound just continuously disappear throughout the whole section! This is so annoying. I have to pause the playback and hit play again, so the sound would come back. At first I thought it was a glitch on my PS3. But after replaying this section again (after rebooting PS3), the sound just disappear at the same spots again and again. Especially in the special section about Howard Ashman, the playback just simply stuck and crashed my PS3. I'm also surprise that the fast/back forward key operation doesn't work while playing the bonus clip. My PS3 has the latest firmware and there's not a single scratch on the disc. I don't think playback on PS3 is a problem here. I mean.. PS3 is a bluray player on steroid, if it can't handle a normal bluray I'd suspect that others with the standalone bluray player should have the same issue.    Anybody has the same problem? or I just got a lemon?
B0021L8V1Q|1.0|Had a good cast and so much potential. Story very poor and direction, none. Get someone like JJ Abrams to direct and it will surely be better. New writers urgently required for the next version. RD jr, was great in Sherlock, but nothing worked in this film, timing was way out. The Stark Expo was absolutely silly. One for young children, nothing for anyone over 12.
0307460444|5.0|I love this book. They have beautiful pictures so you know the best way to decorate the cupcakes, and the recipes are easy to follow.
B003Q6D25K|5.0|This is THE horror flick I have been waiting for all year! The first one was the SCARIEST movie I had seen in a LONG time! I saw it in the theaters, and the combined horror of the audience really added to the atsmosphere and overall experience! I will definately see this one in theatres as well! 5 stars for the anticipation, obviously not for the actual movie. lol.<br />NOTE: I have NOT seen this movie, nor do I own this product. It's specifically to hype ppl up for the big premiere this month!<br />Happy Halloween everyone! Forget about the latest Saw entry; PA 2 is the way to go!
0312600844|1.0|Who could/would care about these people?  I have tried and tried to see something profound or interesting in this book.  I don't like the syntax or the 'voice.'  Meandering, posturing, not real...in my lifetime anyway.
B0002Y69NG|4.0|Over 10 years later this trilogy (plus animated feature) is still pretty amazing. Aside from the silliness about this being some allegory to something or other it is fun to watch. They are very visually appealing and the stories interconnect. Could this series have been better? Of course it could have, there are very, very few movies that are simply great.
0765326353|5.0|First, let me say that I'm a huge fan of Brandon Sanderson.  I loved his earlier books (with Warbreaker being the only one I wasn't astounded by).  Mistborn was my favorite.  And, I think he's done a great job with the Wheel of Time.    For such a huge book, The Way of Kings had zero fluff or filler -- something I felt Robert Jordon's later books were full of.    I felt the main characters were very well fleshed out and complex.  There was also a distinctness in their thought process and dialog -- most fantasy has all characters seeming the same, just saying and doing different things.    Brandon truly built an entirely new and believable world, here.    Someone once said the best fiction teaches truth.  And, Brandon does that here.  The story shows an incredible insight into personality, motivation, and leadership.    NOTHING in this story felt contrived or forced.    I tend to dislike the pattern of jumping from one plot-line to another, but I recognize its value for keeping the reader always wanting more.    This book is just the first of ten, but it felt like a complete book.  Yes, there are unanswered questions, but I didn't feel I was left hanging.    The ending was quite satisfying.    Brandon said this story is near to his heart -- that he's been wanting to write it for many years.  It shows in his writing.      I'm torn between sadness that I won't get to the end of the full story for 10 years, yet looking forward to such a long and intimate relationship with these characters.  (Gosh, I hope the other books stick with the characters, rather than giving us a whole new plot line with different characters.    Well done, Brandon Sanderson!  BRAVO!!
B0019NB9A2|5.0|Product was in excellent condition when it arrived. Quick turn around too! Would deal with merchant again!
B003R0LBVW|4.0|This isn't the greatest novel ever written.  However, it is a good novel to read in this particular time of life in the US.  I read it while at the same time reading The People's History of the United States and it offered a perspective of the '00 decade that that book doesn't have. In other words, it's a vignette of a particular set of lives in this decade that is very soon to end. Also as a parent who has had difficulty with her kids, I found that aspect of the novel compelling.    Was it boring?  I find that inevitably a 600 page novel or book of any kind for that matter has its boring moments.  This one is no different.  However, the last 200 pages rolled for me and the fact that I (Queen of Adult ADHD) made it to those last 200 pages should strongly suggest that it is sufficiently compelling.
B0043X9PY2|5.0|A masterpiece.  Truly a gift.  It's what Robbie fans have been waiting for all these years.
B002ZG999U|5.0|For those of us who have fond memories of those full-throttle '80s action movies, \\"The Expendables\\" provides a glorious trip down memory lane.  Do I consider it to be a deep intellectual art-house masterpiece?  No (nor would I want it to be).  After having to tolerate the past decade of far-left anti-American garbage that was spat out by Hollywood, I find it refreshing to get a reprieve.  The rest of you can take your DVDs of \\"Green Zone\\" and shove them up your rectal regions.
B0036EH3U2|2.0|I am giving this BOXED SET a rating of only 2 stars.  I am a huge fan of the show, and give the SHOW 4+ stars...but I believe you are reading these reviews to find out if it's worth your hard-earned money to pay for the show on Blu-Ray.    Everyone else really covered the series. I loved every minute of it, though I could do without the useless throwing about of the word \\"Fr*k\\" and the gratuitous sex.    The bottom line is that the show was a masterpiece. I bought the Blu-Ray boxed set (no Cylon figure) and was VERY disappointed at the grain in every episode. I thought there was a problem with the Blu-Ray set and was going to send it back as defective.    When you buy Blu-Ray, you expect images that are smooth as glass...    Well, don't expect that here.  When you watch this, you will wonder why it's such  poor quality.  As it turns out, the producers actually shot the show with intentional grain to give the show a \\"gritty feel.\\"      I was not pleased.  For that, you can watch the show on DVD and get essentially the same quality.  In our day and age, who in their right mind ADDS GRAIN when the public is screaming for Hi-def??? Stupid.    So, if you think film grain will drive you mad, DON'T buy the Blu-ray set...just stick with the DVDs.      I'm keeping the set but I feel cheated...even though I paid only $137 through Amazon (they had a special running).  Had I paid over that amount, I would absolutely have returned the whole thing as \\"defective.\\"    Dave H.
0525951652|5.0|Excellent Storytelling & well developed characters.  Learned alot about history 1911-1925 -- WWI and  after.  Look forward to the next two of the Trilogy  following the families.
6305280762|3.0|\\"Towering Inferno\\" is arguably the best of the 1970's disaster pics, although Fans of \\"Airport\\" and \\"The Poseidon Adventure\\" might disagree. In fact all three are of a similar formula: put a Star-Studded Cast in a bad situation and watch havoc strike ! All three have a stereotypical villain: in \\"Inferno\\" it's Richard Chamnerlain's bitchy, sneering Roger Simmons, whose cut-rate electrical wiring sparks a blaze in the world's tallest building on none other than its opening night. And, as always, there are some unlikely Heroes: Fred Astaire's charming con-man and Jennifer Jones' doomed society lady. The action is predictable and the effects stunning, but the performances suffer from underwriting and overacting. William Holden is stolid and competent but he is outdone by Paul Newman and Steve McQueen, as the Architect and Fire Chef, respectively. Both men give it their all, but are outwitted by the real star - the fire itself. Besides Astaire and Jones, the impressive Cast includes Faye Dunaway, Robert Wagner, and Susan Blakely. Watch for Susan Flannery, the current Matriarch of \\"The Bold and the Beautiful\\" in an early role. This film is worth a look, but don't expect greatness.
1427210497|4.0|This is a review of the audiobook version of Jonathan Franzen's latest novel, Freedom.  The troubled marriage of Walter and Patty Berglund lies at the emotional center of this novel and propels much of its action.  In his typical hyper-realistic style, Franzen masterfully captures the details of the day-to-day existence of a typical family.  The dialog is sharp and realistic, containing just enough clich&eacute;s and exclamation points to mimic true speech.  Franzen's scenes place petty details next to more significant occurrences, creating a messy, sprawling narrative that resembles real life.  Some readers will fault Franzen for this story's banalities while others will give him credit for accurately capturing the current zeitgeist.<br /><br />The voice of the narrator of the audiobook is a bit overly dramatic and sarcastic.  This interpretation of the novel imparts a tone of smug sarcasm to every scene.  Perhaps Franzen intends for his novel to have this tone, but I find that it leaves no room for sympathy and sensitivity.  Ultimately, I believe Franzen intended a more nuanced and sensitive tone, and I would've preferred that the audiobook narrator reflect that.  That said, the narration is clear and easy to follow, including the voices used for the different characters.  Also, the narration is quick-paced, which fits the style of the novel.
B003F3NDOO|5.0|This show is fresh and hilarious. If you need a good laugh - you will not be disappointed.
B0036EH3WU|5.0|We received our order very promptly and it was everything we hoped for, since we are such Lost geeks!
B003ZDZ1WG|5.0|The Band Perry's self-titled debut album is amazing!  With hit songs like \\"Hip to my Heart\\", \\"If I Die Young\\", and \\"Miss You Being Gone\\" this band is sure to be around for a long time.  I can see this album have many number 1 single! Great job Band Perry!!
0596007124|5.0|This has got to be one of my favorite software development books.  I reference this book whenever I'm attempting to solve a new problem in code.  The author takes a topic that is usually very dry and obscure and makes it engaging and accessible.    This book is great for new developers looking to expand their coding prowess or experienced programmers needing to brush up.
B00001U0DP|5.0|This movie is a masterpiece!  It is amazingly funny and lighthearted.  The hope it portrays in a place that should cause such despair is pure genius.  We learn the father's character and fun spirit at the beginning which makes the second half of the movie so believeable.  When the protagonist plays music over the PA - incredible.  This movie is a must for everyone - not just movie lovers - but everyone!
B00000K3D4|5.0|this was my favorite movie when i was a kid and i haven't seen it for so many years and i bought it and have watched it 4 days in a row
B000NDI3SK|5.0|Saw this in the 70's..never missed an episode. Have been saying for YEARS that we wish we could see it again. It was WONDERFUL!!!!  This will be a Christmas gift for my husband.
1401324029|4.0|Richard Castle graces us fans with his second 'novel' based on Detective Kate Beckett, Nicki Heat.  This time Jameson Rook (Castle's on page persona in the Nikki Heat series) is found right in the thick of the crime.  Cassidy Towne, NYC gossip columnist and muckraker is found murdered in her home.  Who's there to greet Heat and company as they take the call? None other than Jameson Rook.    If you're a fan of the Castle TV show, this sounds strangely close to the season three opener, and it is.  But that's what I enjoy about the novels.  They're written by 'Richard Castle' so his experiences with the 13th precinct as depicted by the show should make their way into his Nikki Heat detective series.  The tie in is really very clever.  Heat is based on Becket (obviously..it's the premise of the TV show), Rook is based on Castle himself...'Castle' writes into these alter egos what he'd like to see happen on the TV show (ie, Castle's real 'life'); Rook and Heat in on solving crimes like Becket and Castle, them taking their relationship with one another to the next level, as Castle would no doubt love to happen in his real 'life'.     I think the most impressive thing is that whoever is writing these novels under the name of Nathan Fillian's character from the TV show really makes the reader believe it's Castle who is writing the books.  Aside from the fact that just enough of the shows plotlines, both story wise and character interplay wise, make it into the novels, the voice feels like that of 'Castle'.    In the end, a pretty solid murder mystery with plenty of red herrings and surprises and a similar charm that fans of the show should fine instantly familiar.
B003V63VNI|5.0|Open your mind and listen to this!  Unlike any other music out there...very beguiling!!!
B0036EH3WU|5.0|I got this product and was so excited! The excitement only continued after I opened the almost untouched package. It was like buying it fresh from Best Buy. The materials inside and the extras were wonderfully crafted in true LOST fashion. One of the best things I've ever gotten from Amazon
0981951252|5.0|First you make your habits, then your habits make you. This program will help you to become a better you by creating better habits and eliminating bad ones.
0440242401|3.0|I had previously read Kinsella's Shopaholic novels, which were fun and light reads, but her two stand alone books \\"Can You Keep a Secret\\" and \\"Undomestic Goddess\\" are my all time favorite, and had me declaring that I was an avid Sophie Kinsella fan.  I have to admit, I was surprisingly disappointed with \\"Remember Me\\".  I often found it hard to believe how Lexi skyrocketed from frumpy, bottom-rung junior sales associate job to glamorous director and wife of a millionaire within a matter of a few years, and also how her personality drastically changed.  Her character often annoyed me, and I had a hard time connecting with her, as well as her mother and sister.  I won't say much more, other than I did not like the basis of the love interest in this novel.  There were some funny moments, and I did finish the book, but this is not one that I would pick up and read again.  I do hope that Sophie Kinsella publishes future novels with the same wit and flair of the other two - I don't want to give up on her, but Remember Me has given me reason to question my next purchase.
B002ZG98VE|2.0|Again comes a tale about Robin Hood  That would entertain us if it could;  But 'tho loaded with stars  The tale is somewhat sparse  No wonder it was misunderstood!    There is Russell and lovely Ms. Cate  Which should have made the flick great;  Yet Ridley missed the mark  With a story lacking a spark  Don't waste your time here, mate...
0060263865|5.0|Book's condition was great, as described. My kid just loves to use it in school.  I will do business with you again.  Thanks.   Andrey.
0142501123|5.0|With a soft heart for animals, this unconventional sorceress with her tiger-striped cat embark on a windy flight full of accidents - first her hat blows away, then her hair bow and then her magic wand! But thanks to helpful dog, parrot and frog that retrieve the lost items, the witch is able to keep her cheerful grin and one by one the animals plead with eloquence to ride on the broom to which the witch with well-executed rhymes, pleasantly agrees. But too many animals on board become the last straw for the broom and it snaps in half in the worst middle of a bog where the witch is captured by a fiery dragon. The animals return the witch's good deed by making a joint monster to scare the dragon and save the day. With ingredients contributed by the passengers, the sorceress conjures up the last piece of super-magic that will surprise and delight the readers' mind! Funny and friendly, ROOM ON THE BROOM offers quite  a happy Halloween ride in the sky.
B003ZK58WM|1.0|Price is absolutely uncalled for. You are charging more for the hardcover than the digital edition????!!
0764169742|5.0|I got this book to use as an art reference books and it's loaded with color pencil drawings of many different plants, fruits and vegetables and they are really nice.  It's inspired me to get out my colored pencils, dust them off, and do some botanical drawings of my own!
B0027BOL4G|5.0|This movie was a real eye opener regarding how things get done in the food industry. I'm a person who enjoys a good burger, some chicken and loves my soda. After watching this movie, it really shows how much food has changed regarding all of these favorite thing. I take the time now to actually look at some of my favorite foods and have made some changes. Most of these changes were simple enough to make and actually taste better then some of the other stuff I got. I just wish it was cheaper to eat healthy than it is to eat crap food.     Watch this movie if you want a better idea of what really goes on in the food industry and you may be ready to make some changes in what you want to put into your body.
B00023B1LC|5.0|Super great movie...    Lot's of action (start to finish)  Will purchase again.
B0030Y11XS|4.0|One problem with Capitalism is the misapprehensions people have about it.<br />Firstly, its not a 'system' (something Moore makes the mistake of calling it). All it is is letting people behave without restriction in an economy (just as Free speech is letting people speak without restriction.)<br />Second is that, like [[ASIN:1405006579 Churchill]] said about democracy, it is the \\"worst form of government except for all those others that have been tried from time to time.\\"<br /><br />And these are two issues that prevent me giving this film the full 5 stars. Yes - it is a compelling critique and makes a number of good points (e.g. about Pilots being paid less that $20,000 a year & Dead Peasants insurance), but Moore really fails in some of his thinking.<br /><br />Several examples, the first being foreclosures. Though foreclosures have become far too commonplace in the US, Moore does not make this clear in his film, but instead goes on the offensive against the very idea that people can be turned out of their homes for not paying their bills. Yes - it is cruel to throw people out at short notice, but not throwing non-payers out *ever* is also bad. Surely there is a balance, but this is nowhere made clear.<br />Second, Moore makes out that socialism is an alternative system, rather than just being an adaptation of what is already there. Systems that go for pure socialism tend to have little ability to generate Wealth and so fail (even Fidel Castro has begun admitting this recently). Again, its a balancing act, and not one system vs another.<br />Third, Moore has big issues with lay-offs and even makes the false correlation that General Motor's lay-offs in the 80's lead to bankrupcy in the 2000's. Truth is that big companies have to lay-off people to stay competitive and, even if fat-cat bonuses could be trimmed, that wouldn't mean that you should good money after bad and keep loss-making plants open.<br /><br />Anyways, aside from those issues, I really enjoyed this film and found it refreshing to see someone stand up for the principles of Roosevelt and Liberal democracy.<br />In an ideal World, all of Moore's ideas would be implementable and Heaven might dawn on Earth. As things are, there are only a few ideas of his that hit home, but these all have great potency.<br /><br />For instance, Why does America not have more workers cooperatives? Why not tax the 1% richest more? And, most importantly, how dare the rich claim that their accumulation of wealth is in line with the teachings of Christ?<br /><br />And since few others are offering alternative arguments like Moore's (with the exception of the slightly crazy [[ASIN:3940845647 Zeitgeist]], the sadly overlooked [[ASIN:B000P1KTEQ The Corporation]] and the immortal [[ASIN:B003A4GBJ2 Bill Hicks]]), then I do recommend all and sundry to watch this film.<br /><br />The day that the World gains a new [[ASIN:0199535701 Karl Marx]] (with a moral compass and a dash of self-affacing humour) will surely be a good day for all...nd up for the principles of Roosevelt and Liberal democracy.  In an ideal World, all of Moore's ideas would be implementable and Heaven might dawn on Earth. As things are, there are only a few ideas of his that hit home, but these all have great potency.  For instance, Why does America not have more workers cooperatives? Why not tax the 1% richest more? And, most importantly, how dare the rich claim that their accumulation of wealth is in line with the teachings of Christ?  And since few others are offering alternative arguments like Moore's (with the exception of the slightly crazy [[ASIN:3940845647 Zeitgeist]], the sadly overlooked [[ASIN:B000P1KTEQ The Corporation]] and the immortal [[ASIN:B003A4GBJ2 Bill Hicks]]), then I do recommend all and sundry to watch this film.  The day that the World gains a new [[ASIN:0199535701 Karl Marx]] (with a moral compass and a dash of self-affacing humour) will surely be a good day for all...
0307463745|4.0|A spot on how-to guide for creating a successful and healthy team, division or company. The only thing missing is a strategy guide for getting it in the hands and heads of the folks at the top.`
B002VECMAE|5.0|Awesome lineup in an awesome film.  It was really funny without being a comedy, serious without becoming a drama.  All in all a really well presented, well acted movie.  One I will come back to and watch time and time again.
B002YIHO7I|5.0|This isn't the Sade that emerged in 1984 with the big radio friendly hits Your Love Is King and Smooth Operator. The groove is still there in tracks like Babyfather, Bring Me Home, Moon & the Sky, and the hit title track. But on the whole the album is more spare and acoustic, continuing on the bold progression the band began with 1988's Stronger Than Pride. The overall effect is haunting, sometimes raw like a gaping wound (Morning Bird), but always compelling. There is an odd moment on the album--the country-ish Be That Easy. It comes out of left field, and remarkably it fits with the whole, a pure piece of that Sade magic. You may have to mine a little deeper for this album's treasures; like my other favorite Sade album, Stronger Than Pride, Soldier of Love doesn't wear its appeal on its sleeve. Like that album, it's subtle, its soulfulness hidden in unlikely places. And that's precisely why this album is so rewarding to listen to every time.
B003A4IFGY|1.0|I absolutely disagree with all the raves about this album. Simply put, it does not sound like a Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers album. If you're expecting a sound similar to some of the classic Tom Petty records, you'll be disappointed. It sounds like slow moving blues to me, and not particularly good blues. If you're looking for some unique blues, grab a Koko Taylor or Willie Dixon album. They're both better than this.
B001AVCFK6|4.0|Not having grown up on the original Star Trek and having barely any exposure to the seemingly endless series that have come after, I wasn't really sure what to expect when I first saw the movie. But WOW - the story is interesting, keeps you guessing, and paced fairly well (however, there are some parts you'll want to skip). Not having seen the original, I can't comment on how this compares but I can say that you need absolutely no knowledge of the old series to thoroughly enjoy this movie (on the other hand, I would imagine knowing about the old series will make the \\"inside jokes\\" in this movie more relevant, for example: something about Admiral Archer's dog?)    In terms of the DVD itself - the quality is fantastic. The BluRay format really does justice to all the special effect and the sound emphasizes the action when appropriate but also balances out some of the more emotional scenes.    Definitely a movie I would suggest for any viewer out there - Trekie or not.
B00005OM4K|5.0|boxset arrived within the time frame it was promised to arrive. it arrived in pristine condition. great service. I am very satisfied. it is an outstanding boxset. sound is awesome.I am very happy with my purchase. again, the service provided by importcds was great.
B0015DROBO|2.0|[[ASIN:0307454541 The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo]]I haven't finished this book, and I don't know if I will.  I have had a very hard time getting into the story.  It seems that I am still stuck in background information.  Unfortunately, I have no idea what it is background for.  Where is this story leading?  So far, there is a lot of deadly dull information.  Perhaps, if I had some idea how this information ties into whatever will eventually happen - assuming that something eventually does - it wouldn't be so difficult a read.
B0041OJ0Y8|5.0|This album is dope. Not the same as the internet release. Evil Boy is my favorite track plus it has Diplo on it.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|FINALLY!!! Daria has needed to be released on DVD for a long time. Now that it's out, was it worth the wait? The answer is yes. This is one of those shows that definitely stands the test of time. Daria's sense of humor is still perfect. The show is still an accurate depiction of high school in the 90s. The DVDs are the show as we all remember it, except some of the music is different. Within the DVD box there is a note from the creator, Glenn Eichler, in which he says that \\"99 percent of the music has been changed, because the cost of licensing the many music bites we used would have made it impossible to release the collection (and for many years did).\\" With that minor change, the rest of the show is still fantastic. Not only are all of the episodes here, the set also contains the two movies, and music videos for Mystic Spiral (Trent's band). This is a must-have for anyone who is sarcastic and loved the 90s.
B00004CYAE|1.0|I guess you get what you pay for.  Only $2 plus another $2-3 for shipping.  It's a DVD for the UK or Ireland.  It's printed in tiny letters on the DVD.  I obviously thought I was buying a DVD for the U.S.  Bummer
B0021L8V0M|5.0|If you've read the other reviews you know the basic plot.  I just want to add that Angelina Jolie does an excellent job pulling off the action as does an equally fantastic job with the acting.<br /><br />This movie is great fun and you care about the characters in this movie -- even the minor characters like Salt's husband.<br /><br />Plus, the movie has some great twists and will keep you guessing until the end of the movie.  The movie ties up all loose ends at the end.  As a footnote, when I saw this movie in the theater, the audience applauded at the end.<br /><br />I highly recommend seeing this movie! :)
0316098337|5.0|I started this book as part of a book club that selected it.  To be honest, I hated the book when I started reading it.  The author describes the sense of being isolated in a room so well that I actually felt claustrophobic and irritated while reading the first 40 pages.  To be fair, I am not usually a fan of \\"suspense\\" type novels.  I had already given up the book when a few people in the book club promised that it would get better if I could get halfway through the story.  Well sure enough, I kept going and it sucked me in.  By the middle of the book I was completely invested in these characters.  I cried more than once while reading this book and had to keep reminding myself that it was fiction.  I won't say anything about the plot because I don't want to spoil it, but I promise that you will love this book if you stick with it.
B00453YBE4|5.0|Unbelievable!!  Halford is a genius and endures the test of time, or \\"Till the Day I Die\\".  Great Work!!!
B000BFH2S2|5.0|I have all of his albums thus far and loved everyone one of them. His voice is amazing; definitely the next Frank Sinatra. Can't wait to hear else he has in store for the future.
B0045XY1FS|5.0|This is another amazing episode of Castle, well written and the chemistry between Nathan Fillion and Stana Katic is great this show has a little of everything Its funny but also can be serious. Good cop show and very character driven.
B001GWK2MC|2.0|Received this bounce castle for my 2-yr old child's birthday- it broke only after one week. I am very disappointed in this product and have a sad kid as well!
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|This book was a very satifying ending to the trilogy. I'm only sad that it had to end!
B003ZK58WM|1.0|Given the resources and trees necessary to make, ship, store and sell big papers books, this publisher has it all wrong.
1848566190|5.0|I whipped the keys out of my pocket and plunged the teeth of one into the strip of packing tape. The bold amazon.com logo rooted with that trademark half smile printed on the sides told me everything that I needed to know about the box's contents. I threw back the flaps of the box and plunged my hands into the dense peanut packing foam. My fingers found purchase on the edges of the hard bound cover and I lifted the book free with the care one would give a sacred tome. It was here; The Art of Drew Struzan.    Seven years ago I had met Drew for the first time. He was lecturing at the studio I was working for. One of the things he shared with me was the story of how his career as an illustrator had begun with an interview with the enrollment councilor at Art Center College of Design. He rocked slowly back on his heels, and cocked his head down, looking at me with a twinkle in his eye, like he was about to bestow upon me a great gem of wisdom. He wore black from neck to knee; I don't think I've ever seen him wearing anything but black, and most often a turtleneck, with the cuffs of his pants rolled up shin-high. His thinning hair beginning to frost and deep within his trademark peppered beard he cracked a thin smile, and related with the soft voice of a Tibetan monk:    \\"While I was sitting in the office of the counselor, he asked me; \\"Are you intending to enroll in the Fine Arts Program, or the Illustration Program?\\" \\"What's the difference?\\" I asked.  He replied; \\"Do you want to make money when you're dead, or while you're still alive?\\" Being a starving young man, I answered; \\"While I'm still alive.\\" \\"Illustration it is.\\" He replied, and the rest is history.\\" (Struzan)    It was at that moment that I realized who Drew Struzan really was. He was J.C. Leyendecker. He was Maxfield Parrish and J.W. Waterhouse. He was Norman Rockwell. He was an art genius cuffed with the title \\"illustrator\\" not knowing true respect until he died.    In Drew's case his death is only metaphorical so far.     When I first heard that this book was being published I was excited. I had been a fan and supporter of Drew's work for as long as I can remember. Like many people growing up in the 80's, my first experience with Drew Struzan's art came in a dimly lit lobby of the local movie theater. It was 1983 and bustling moviegoers patronized the concession stand, oblivious to the small boy that stood transfixed before the most powerful image he had ever seen in his short lived life. The movie poster that was framed in a silver plated shadowbox was dominated by the most violent of reds, designed to invoke the most visceral of emotion. In the midst of that crimson field was the broken silhouette of the foreboding death's head mask of Darth Vader. In the bottom right hand corner the silhouettes of the heroic Luke Skywalker and the menacing Darth Vader were locked in the mortal struggle of father and son. All around the poster's subjects were flecks of frenetic paint. A rich spattering of black infused the negative space of red. A gaseous swirl of purples and blues framed the figures. At the bottom of the poster emblazoned in red text were the words; \\"RETURN OF THE JEDI\\" stamped like a statement of fact. This image did not come from the ether, it came from the mind of a man, and that man had placed that image in my mind forever.    So here I sat with a book that held the title that seemed to encompass the whole of Drew's Art. Turning the book over to inspect it, I couldn't help but smile when I realized that the bold semi-gloss black dust jacket was appropriate for a book representing a man who almost always dressed just that way. On the cover beneath the title were paneled images of Anakin Skywalker, Harry Potter, Marty Mcfly and Harrison Ford as Decker from Bladerunner. All of them excerpts from the posters Drew had illustrated.    As you'd expect from a book chronicling the works of a master artist, the pages were pregnant with illustrations that are evocative, entertaining and immersive. You cannot help but look upon the images of Indiana Jones, or Dustin Hoffman's Hook without the memories of those films and the positive emotions associated with them coming back to you. Titan Books spared no expense on the publication of this title. The books dimensions are near coffee table in size and weighs in with 160 pages, almost all of them filled with Drew's illustrations. The reproductions of the artwork are vivid and of the sincerest fidelity to the artist's work.      In years past Struzan had made two attempts at publishing his artwork in book form. His first came in 2004 entitled [[ASIN:0762420839 The Movie Posters of Drew Struzan]] . It was a worthy publication highlighting some of the most memorable of Drew's posters. However it was far from being a comprehensive collection of Struzan's artwork which spanned beyond just movie posters. Two years later Drew invested heavily in a joint venture with Dreamwave Productions, a publishing company located in Toronto, to print his massive [[ASIN:0973278676 Drew Struzan : Oeuvre]]. The word literally means the lifework or body of work of an artist, writer or composer. This book was enormous in dimensions and scope. Its coffee table format was perfect for presenting what was at the time nearly his entire collected works. Unfortunately, shortly after its initial run Dreamwave Productions went under, taking any future prospect of Drew's book seeing reprint with it.    What could I expect from a new book that the other two hadn't addressed?  Similar to the recently released book Norman Rockwell: Behind the Camera, The Art of Drew Struzan focuses on the artist's process and personal experiences with working in the illustration industry. I found it curious that some of Drew's most memorable posters like the Star Wars Trilogy Special Edition 3-up were absent from the book, while  more obscure posters such as the unused comprehensives from the Money Pit were included.      Presented in chronological order, individual posters were selected to point out landmark experiences that Struzan had while working in the movie poster illustration industry. The artist shares in his own words compelling, inspirational and sometimes infuriating tales of what it meant to work with some of the most influential filmmakers of our generation. I was fascinated as I delved into the story of his working with the Walt Disney Studios to create the Adventures in Babysitting poster. A series of never before seen photos document the changes that Drew had to make to appease the studio heads. These included an image where Drew took an exacto knife and cut out the characters of his original poster and pasted them to an entirely new background. My frustration was off the charts as Struzan tells how years later that poster was found stored in a Disney Studio sound stage  in \\"a pile of artwork nearly four feet tall, sitting in a pool of water...on the very bottom, face down\\" (Struzan and Schow 50). Luckily the man who found the discarded poster was a friend of Struzan's, and the poster was returned to its rightful owner who later restored it.    It was inspiring and joyful to read how Struzan commanded the respect of such great filmmakers as Steven Spielberg, George Lucas and Guillermo Del Toro. However as I continued reading through, I felt an emerging bitterness seeping into Struzan's text as his experiences working with the studios began to sour. With the new generation of buzz-word businessmen heading the studios, they didn't understand the value of artwork as it related to movie making.  Never mind that Drew's posters were the primary marketing tool for over 30 of the top 100 grossing films of all time. Emptiness filled me as I read how most of the posters directors commissioned Drew to paint for their films were no longer being used in the promotion of the movies. On one occasion Del Toro had commissioned Struzan to paint the poster for Pan's Labyrinth, the studio declined to use it. I nearly jumped from my seat and flung the book across the room when I read that during a press conference a journalist asked one of the marketing people, \\"How come you didn't use Drew Struzan's artwork for the poster.\\"...The suit's reply was: \\"We didn't use it because it looks too much like art\\"(Struzan and Schow 138). After having read that, I realized that The Art of Drew Struzan was in actuality, a cautionary tale.  It is the pictorial history of the rise, decline and eventual retirement of one of the world's greatest illustrators. It is not a collected works like his other books. It serves as both inspiration and warning voice to all aspiring illustrators.    I remember how I felt when Drew Struzan announced his retirement in 2008. My heart sank, just as it had when I had learned of Charles Schultz death. He made his choice largely due to the ignorance of the modern film marketing machine, and to the Photoshop copy/paste designers that have saturated the movie poster industry. Despite that he has enjoyed a recent revival of interest in his work, as evidenced by the popularity of the book; The Art of Drew Struzan. Perhaps it is a buyer's remorse response to the void that his retiring left behind.  Drew relates this to having died:    \\"I dunno, maybe it's that retirement, you know what, people come when you die, people come to your funeral and talk about all the cool stuff you did. Well, I died and now they're talkin' about it so now I realize that it actually did reach people\\"(Donahue).    As I closed the book and contemplated the self portrait of the artist on the back of the dust jacket I couldn't help but think that perhaps Drew's interview for Art Center was a bit paradoxical in the end.  From its slick dust jacket, to its incredible reproduction of Drew's work, to the artists own words, The Art of Drew Struzan is a unique and insightful book that gives you a peek into the life of  the  man Time Magazine calls \\"the Last Movie Poster Artist\\" (TIME \\"TheLast Movie-Poster Artist\\" - Photo Essays)
0765326353|5.0|\\"The Way of Kings\\" slowly starts \\"The Stormlight Archive\\", a ten volume saga, destined to follow four characters of various backgrounds.  In typical Brandon Sanderson fashion, the magic skillfully develops in a rich world of complex creatures.  While not strong on romance at this stage of the series, drama and politics play a significant role in the storyline.<br /><br />I have mixed interest in the primary characters.  The deceptive academic Shallan's weak start hurts holding a reader expecting a lot of action though I can imagine a lot of potential.  The structured customs and rituals Szeth-son-son-Vallano, the Truthless, blindly follows frustrates.  He cleverly performs awesome feats of combat, utilizing his magic exceptionally, but he navely suffers the rules of his lifestyle.  Dalinar Kholin, a king's brother, and son Adolin provide the political maneuvering and battle situations.  The most fascinating however is Kaladin, a Squadleader of extraordinary luck and the trials and tribulations he endures.<br /><br />The Shardblade and Shardplate concept and uses are well thought out, excellent magical items in a mostly complete world.  The major plot hole was the lacking attempt to capture or offer serious dialogue with a Parshendi and learn about the assassination or why they desire gemhearts through 6 years of fighting.  For a novel over 1000 pages, a couple minimal editing errors like \\"...angry at being forced belong the horizon... \\" and \\"maybe you'll you happen upon a place...\\" get a mention.<br /><br />An enhanced map of the significant terrains and a more comprehensive appendix would have been useful.<br /><br />I highly recommend the series to any fan of the fantasy genre.<br /><br />Thank you.
B003F3NE1Q|4.0|As usual, anytime I get DVDs from Amazon, I am fully satisfied.  Season 6 to Greys Anatomy was no exception and I appreciate the discount of pre-ordering DVDs.
0767827716|3.0|A Gearhead's Movie,Any true Motorhead must see this! The only thing Is I don't care for MoPars, I am a much bigger fan of the car from \\"Sometimes they Come Back...\\". That's not to say to pass on Christine unless you want her to come after you! It is a Good Story despite being implausible and I have noticed Stephen King's hangup on \\"Evil\\", Evil Cars,Evil Clown,Evil Mist,Etcera, so it's the same twisted yet fun pattern,you can tell he is a car guy though.  Great Movie.
B0045LK31Q|5.0|A cross between the early days of Pink Floyd, the toned down feel of On An Island, and the ambient house mix of The Orb, and all cut in a style similar to Tubular Bells, this album has the legendary signature of David Gilmore all over it. For those who want to stare up at the partly cloudy skies on a nice warm Spring Day and just zone completely out for about an hour or so, this one will do it for you.     Thanks for the wonderful collaboration!
B002VPE1WK|5.0|I have been using the Canon 200EG backpack camera case since about 2007, and love it.  Correction:  loved it.  I think, on my short sample, that I prefer the Amazon.<br /><br />The outer size is nearly identical, although the Amazon seems a bit larger only because its squared profile is harder / less collapsible than the Canon.  The interior size is nearly identical, and is laid out identically.  The small touches definitely favour the Amazon -- the inner zip compartments [perfect size for SD cards, lens cleaning pens, small manuals, tripod quick mounts, etc.] have a flap covering the zipper, which protects your expensive glass and camera bodies.  The foam \\"foundations\\" for the velcro-ed compartments are firmer and a bit more sturdy [and padded] in the Amazon.  As others have noted in reviews, the shoulder strap is better-padded on the Amazon, and there is a belt cinch for ease and a healthier walk when the sucker is weighed down.  Not much difference, but a slight edge to the Amazon.  Add in the price (and no \\"Canon\\" magnet for thieves), and the Amazon comes out ahead.<br /><br />Make no mistake -- this thing will hold a LOT of gear.  In the Canon, I took to Paris two Nikon DSLR bodies, an 80-200 pre-DSLR 2.8 constant zoom (big!), a 50 1.4, an 85 1.8, and a 20 2.8, SB-600 flash, along with table-top tripod, large air cleaning syringe, and assorted.  Cramped, but do-able.  And I've since put the same rig in the Amazon (but without traveling).<br /><br />Finally -- I also have Tamrac backpacks, as well as a Crumpler 8 Million Dollar Home Case (Blue/Orange) MD0810A.  [what can I say -- I'm a bag junkie!!!].  The others were all more expensive, sometimes over a C-Note more expensive.  And NO layout is more accessible than this Canon / Amazon full-zip opening backpack.  Lay it flat on the ground, and you can grab anything/everything in moment.  No digging, no hassle.<br /><br />Buy this sucker.  I got it in a lightning deal, but the normal Amazon price is still a great one.<br /><br />And no -- I don't object to the Amazon zippers. . . . .ect to the Amazon zippers. . . . .
0140157352|5.0|Separate the People from the Problem:  Negotiators are people first. A working relationship where trust, respect and friendship are built up over time can make each new negotiation smoother and more efficient.   People have egos that are easily threatened.  They see the world from their own personal vantage point.  Routinely, they fail to interpret what you say in the way you mean.  The book says to focus on three basic categories: perception, emotion and communication.  People problems fall into one of these three buckets.  Getting to Yes shows you how to put yourself in someone else shoes to reduce the conflict.  It also demonstrates how to deal with someone who blames your side for not delivering or who goes off the handle.  The principles teach you how to turn someone from finger pointing to working with you on the problem.      Focus on Interests - Not Positions:  Positional bargaining is  one of the most common mistakes people make in negotiating.  A position is a stance on an issue - for example \\"I won't take less than $3,000 for my used car\\".  When negotiators bargain over positions, they tend to lock themselves into those positions.  The more you try to convince the other side of the impossibility of changing your opening position, the more difficult it becomes to do so. Your ego becomes identified with your position and now you have a new interest \\"saving face\\". It's much better to focus on the person's interests, which are their desires behind the position.  Getting to Yes goes into great detail on how to use interests to create the best agreement for all parties.      Invent Options for Mutual Gains  This was the most fascinating part of the book.  I have tried this on numerous occasions and was amazed at the result.  It teaches you how to split the pie so that all parties are happy.  Instead of negotiating on an \\"either/or\\"  basis, Getting to Yes shows you how to create multiple options for mutual gains.  People often stumble in negotiations because they are looking for a single answer and are focused on a fixed pie.  What happens when you expand on that pie and consider other options?  Most people don't do this because they see their job as narrowing the gap between positions, not broadening the options available.  The book says they tend to think \\"We're having a hard enough time agreeing as it is.  The last thing we need is a bunch of different ideas.\\"   The book shows you how to create multiple options.  It's a lot easier than it sounds and people are impressed with this type of forward thinking.      Getting to Yes was written 30 years ago and is still relevant today.  I have implemented this approach in high level negotiations as well as smaller, more routine things.  It has strengthened my business relationships and taken the pain out of negotiating.  I would highly recommend this book.    Also, for those who are looking to achieve a goal, I would recommend \\"Goal your 30 Day Game Plan for Business & Career Success.\\" [[ASIN:1884956955 Goal!: Your 30-Day Game Plan for Business and Career Success]] I used this book to increase my sales performance - it's recommended by the CEO's of Clorox & Office Depot.  The book was easy to use and I reached my goal.
B0036EH3WK|5.0|if you watched Lost like me, then you will have been waiting for a release like this since the shows epic conclusion.  I, unlike alot of people, was massivly moved and happy with how the show finished. There were many things that didnt get explained and no-point storys.  But the show was always about the fellings and emotions of the characters, it was just dressed up with a great mystery theme.    this box-set is without doubt the best on the market!  if your from the uk, woundering if you should buy this.........  just ask, are you happy with second best?    in all fields this set champions above any set avalible in the uk. obviously they both have the same disks, but this packaging is special, with many cool things to find!!
B000099T2L|1.0|Wrong cd to begin with ..I ordered dangeroulsy in love and it had the D/I/L cover but NOT the audio cd ..It was a total diff Beyonce and it was a DVD .. Yes, I emailed them nothing back yet ...So far I would never buy or tell someone to buy from them again
B002ZG98XW|5.0|Loved the movie - even though I knew the ultimate outcome there were still surprises and things I did not know.  Great photography and angles.  Excellent acting - loved the 60s genre and the strong, educated woman Diane Lane potrays.  Great family film too - devoid of the usual offensive sex, drugs, profanity, and violence.  I'm going to see it again in the theatre and will get the DVD - it's a keeper.
B003ZK58WM|1.0|Asking $19.99 for a digital book?  Really?  Think I'll pass this one up.
B001FB4W0W|5.0|I would highly recommend this series.  There is something for everyone and, while I wouldn't recommend that children view it, you will likely not be able to stop watching it.
B00004XMTJ|5.0|I have seen ALL of Andrew Lloyd Webber's musicals live or on video.  Cats is the best of all, in my opinion.  The actors, costuming, make-up, special effects, music, and staging are absolutely incredible.  This movie is a must see for all ages.
B000ZN8036|5.0|A decade ago, shortly after losing a friend in a plane crash and going through the hell of waiting for wreckage to be found, etc., I read the book that this movie is based on. Between wondering what had become of my friend and reading of Chris McCandless and his travels, I wrote a long poem for a literary journal, \\"Gone\\", which is reprinted to this day, and when asked, I always explain where Chris McCandless comes into it. I have received some feedback, then, from fans and defenders of this young man, and before I comment on the movie, I have to say this: I am a great admirer of Chris', although, somewhere, somehow, some way, I wonder whether he could have did things differently, to insure his safety and to spare his family the grief and loss they have gone through since his death. I will never bad-mouth anybody who goes in search of their dreams, their reason and their vision, and if more of us in this world did stay true to ourselves, and believe that what we want for ourselves is right and true, critics be damned, I think that we'd be a much happier lot, and not so inclined to be flipping each other off on the freeway or hating our neighbors for parking in our spaces. But - I lost a friend that wasn't found, much like Chris, for weeks, and it was one of the most gut-wrenching, heartbreaking situations I have ever experienced. To lay awake and wonder where somebody is, whether they are safe, whether they are thinking of you - it's a killer. And so, I just really want to stress: I think that Chris was somewhat a misguided angel, and he doesn't deserve the ridicule and negativity sent his way. But I also think that his situation should be used as a touchstone for anybody else thinking of trying something like this - think, plan, take supplies with you. And this is coming from a mother: Call home if you can, let somebody know that the trip is going all right and that you're a big boy/girl, now, and everyone needs to chill out.I more than openly write about my background and am known for stating that my parents shouldn't have raised corn, much less kids, but even they, IMO, deserved to know what was going on. I'm telling you, nobody should end up hurting like the survivors always end up hurting. Ok, the movie. Brilliant, absolutely brilliant, from the writing and direction, to  acting to the photography. Sean Penn has created a masterpiece with this film, and it's obvious that he loves the subject of the movie, Chris McCandless, as much as Chris' supporters continue to do. The movie respects the book by Jon Krakauer - the characters are more fleshed out in the film than the book, but it works here. Some movies should stay unflinchingly true to the book that came before them, but Penn wisely brought to life Chris' family, their moments of comprehension of Chris (granted, very few, it seems, other than for the loyalty shown to Chris by his sister), hangups, warts and all. I especially have more compassion for his parents after watching the movie than I did while reading the book (again, everybody is a jerk in some way, I'm a jerk more often than I care to admit); I think that it's important that the film showed the 'other side' of the story, because if you only read the book, it's pretty easy to make a pretty harsh call about a couple of Chris' family members. William Hurt brings humanity to be a very unlikable individual, and Marcia Gay Harden, as Chris' mother, is shown to have layers to her personality that Chris, being young and disillusioned, may not have caught. Again, I may personalize this movie more than I should when it comes to some facts in the McCandless family as related to my own life (the scenes of Chris' sister Carine, and the over voice narration by the actress portraying her are shattering to me, as my own brother died at 20, and I continue to think many of the thoughts Carine offers), but this is that kind of movie. You're going to see it because you can identify with the Chris character, and you long to walk off into anonymity and self-survival/preservation, or you're going to see it because you've had something even close to it touch your own life, and you want to see how others handle the loss, heartache and uncertainty. It actually is a film where the actors could have been swallowed up by the people they are portraying, and so it says something that Emile Hirsche is astonishing as Chris, William Hurt brings more to his role as Chris' father than just our wanting to blame him for everything that would come about, and, as I said, I really, really liked the actress Jena Malone as the movie's narrator/Chris' sister. Hal Holbrook had the misfortune to be nominated for an Oscar the same year the late Heath Ledger rightfully won for his portrayal as The Joker; any other year, I think that Hal would have taken it for his turn as the old man, Ron, whom Chris tries to urge back to Life, to Experience. Vince Vaughn is great for his few scenes - as I said, the movie, IMO, is flawless. The music by We're-Not-Worthy Eddie Vedder is fantastic. In closing, this movie, and the young man whom inspired it, will continue to be argued and disputed for some time to come. I think that if you want to watch it, you should, and if you think people like Chris McCandless should be eyed with the same skepticism as ghosts and UFOs, then you should steer clear. But don't trash a dead man because he followed his dreams - like I said, maybe more of us should be that true to ourselves. I loved the movie and the book, and I admire the man for trying to do what he felt he had to do.ff into anonymity and self-survival/preservation, or you're going to see it because you've had something even close to it touch your own life, and you want to see how others handle the loss, heartache and uncertainty. It actually is a film where the actors could have been swallowed up by the people they are portraying, and so it says something that Emile Hirsche is astonishing as Chris, William Hurt brings more to his role as Chris' father than just our wanting to blame him for everything that would come about, and, as I said, I really, really liked the actress Jena Malone as the movie's narrator/Chris' sister. Hal Holbrook had the misfortune to be nominated for an Oscar the same year the late Heath Ledger rightfully won for his portrayal as The Joker; any other year, I think that Hal would have taken it for his turn as the old man, Ron, whom Chris tries to urge back to Life, to Experience. Vince Vaughn is great for his few scenes - as I said, the movie, IMO, is flawless. The music by We're-Not-Worthy Eddie Vedder is fantastic. In closing, this movie, and the young man whom inspired it, will continue to be argued and disputed for some time to come. I think that if you want to watch it, you should, and if you think people like Chris McCandless should be eyed with the same skepticism as ghosts and UFOs, then you should steer clear. But don't trash a dead man because he followed his dreams - like I said, maybe more of us should be that true to ourselves. I loved the movie and the book, and I admire the man for trying to do what he felt he had to do.
B00012QM86|5.0|IF YOU HAVEN'T SEEN THIS MOVIE, IT IS WORTH WATCHING. THIS EVIL MAN DID THINGS THAT WERE SO HORRIBLE IT'S HARD TO IMAGINE ONE COULD EVEN THINK THIS STUFF UP. MY HEART GOES OUT TO THOSE WHO HAD TO GO THROUGH SO MUCH HORROR.
B002I9Z8B2|3.0|The movie itself is an all time classic without doubt and deserves a full 5/5 stars.     My review is about the Blu-ray version of this movie. What happened? It truly looks more like a DVD (if not slightly upscaled even) than the Blu-ray sharpness I've come to know. Many of the scenes even appear almost out of focus. Something either went wrong during transfer or they did not use a proper, original source. And I've seen too many much older movies on Blu-ray that look like they were filmed yesterday for anyone to tell me that the problem here is the fact that it's an older movie. Hogwash.     If you don't own the DVD (I didn't), then at this price, it is worth grabbing on Blu-ray - but I would doubt that it is worth upgrading to if you already own the DVD.    My question is: What was restored?
0316098337|4.0|I can't believe this book isn't already on the fast track to be developed into a movie for it's high concept premise, and yet I can't help buy wonder how the strength of the novel could possibly transfer to the screen, since it all revolves through the eyes of a five year old protagonist named Jack. The beginning of the book starts innocently enough with the young boy describing the room his Mother and he share. However it becomes obvious very quickly that the 11 by 11 room he's talking about is the only world he knows, and a prison for he and his Mother. What works so well is we see everything through his eyes, his discoveries, the universe as he knows it, and the larger world beyond. To tell too much would spoil the ride, and at times it's a literal nail biter. I think the first half of the novel is a solid five stars, with the second half slipping a bit due to what I felt were some moments that require some suspension of disbelief, culiminating in a situation that felt device rather that truthful to the story. These are small quibbles though for a book that has one of the most original and compelling plots this year.
0865479186|5.0|I read this book several years ago, after ordering it from amazon.co.uk, and am very pleased that it's coming to North America. Although many of the examples used will be UK-specific, and thus perhaps unfamiliar to readers, the content remains very pertinent. Science and skepticism are sorely needed everywhere, but most especially in the field of medicine. In this book Dr. Ben Goldacre provides us with a wonderful primer on evaluating claims made in this most important of areas.
0525951652|1.0|Absolutely will not pay this price for a kindle book. Planned to buy Kindles for Christmas presents but now that I see the price of this book that will not happen. Shame on the publisher for price gauging and shame on Amazon for going along with it and offering a kindle book at this high price.
0385333846|5.0|Slaughterhouse-Five is, as its jacket cover boasts, \\"one of the world's great antiwar books.\\" Centered around the infamous firebombing of Dresden in late World War II, the novel takes its readers on a ridiculous journey through the life of Billy Pilgrim, a detached sort of fellow who has become unstuck in time. As sad as it is hilarious, Slaughterhouse-Five is a thought-provoking novel whose morals are disguised by absurdity. Be prepared for Vonnegut's refreshingly strange writing style; the book is much more enjoyable if you let Vonnegut carry you away to his unique and darkly humorous world. It takes some effort to decipher the novel's abstruse themes, but there is much to be learned from Billy's search for meaning in a seemingly meaningless world.
B004289ZW0|3.0|I purchased this GPS for my WiFi Apple iPad and even though my emails said the expected delivery day would be more then a month ahead of my order date, I recieved it within a few days (it took some time to get to the US from Germany).  The initial setup with my iPad worked flawlessly and I was able to pickup an extremely accurate GPS signal lock within seconds using the Maps app that shipped with the iPad.  I was very impressed ... Until I couldn't shut the unit off.  It worked a couple of times turning on and off, but now I am unable to just swipe my finger across the touch sensor to shut it off.  Without a real switch, I'm stuck waiting for a reply from their email team as to what I should do to resolve the problem.    Otherwise it works great.  I have tested it using the Maps app, Google Earth, and WiFiFoFum (yes, I snagged this lovely app from the app store when it was still available, no jailbreak here ;).  I'd rank it a 5 star if the switch would still be working after less then a day of testing it.
B000AP04OM|5.0|Whenever I get a yearning for great music and need a mountain fix (since I live on the plains - no mountains in sight) I love to watch The Sound of Music again.  The music and story are uplifting. They remind me of the importance of trusting God and that Freedom is NOT free!  We dare not take it for granted!  [[ASIN:B000AP04OM The Sound of Music (Two-Disc 40th Anniversary Special Edition)]]
B00004VW0V|5.0|This a great example of the \\"Concept Album\\" of the 70's...not 3 minute radio songs, but extended pie[[ASIN:B00004VW0V Foreigner]]ces that are more symphonic in nature and style. Another important Cat Stevens work to complete your collection of this major Pop artist's work.
B002ZG9788|1.0|Why would I want a Japanese/Chinese version of this movie if I didn't request it?  This I was totally shocked that someone would do something like this without informing you.  If I missed it, then that's my error..even then, that makes no sense to do this to someone and try to get away with it. Shame on the seller.     I have always purchased movies from this website, never a non-American version...ever.
B002LVVCQM|5.0|If you have read Dawkins' earlier books and found answers about the meaning of life, then this book is just the cherry on top. It will update and enforce what he has started in \\"The Selfish Gene.\\" I certainly recommend this book. But mostly I want readers to see it as continuation of what Dawkins likes to refer to as 'awareness raising' of the role of evolution in our lives.
B000F1IQNC|5.0|Nanny McPhee is one of my favorites - great for young and older. Read between the lines and learn a great life lesson.
1905654294|5.0|this is an excellent book. good writer. the book was received in a timely manner, good condition. my son loved it. thanks.
0345505387|4.0|Some of the story was just too familiar because I've read Outlander so many times, but the artwork was great and the parts that really showed what Murtagh and Jamie were thinking and doing was wonderful!
B0039TD7PY|4.0|I saw this concert on PBS and really enjoyed it.  When I saw it being offered on amazon.com along with a CD version of the concert, I decided to get it.  While I find the video concert appealing for its nostalgic value and the enjoyment of hearing so many classic tunes done live, the image quality is not the greatest.  I think it looked better on TV!  And the CD somehow does not manage to recreate the magic that watching Carole King and James Taylor performing their signature tunes on the video does.  I can't explain why that is.  I much prefer watching the video.      But, overall, these are wonderful songs performed by two very talented artists.  Their collaboration, vocally, on their duets are \\"right on.\\"  And you can see and feel the affection and respect that they have for each other.  It is quite touching.  A true \\"walk down memory lane\\" for me.  I've seen both artists in concert and think its great that they are still around, performing the songs we've grown to love and cherish, and sounding better (though a bit weathered from life's experiences) than ever.           So if you're looking for a video with top notch production value and high definition images, this is not it.  If you're wanting a CD that has the punch and dazzle of a memorable live performance, this falls short.  But if you just want to spend a pleasant evening with old friends singing the songs that really made an impact on your life some thirty years ago, GET THIS SET!!!  It's like going through an album of old photos and memorabilia.  Even though the pictures are slightly tattered and worn, they'll make you smile and feel so good.
B003K1EYM6|5.0|Really like the small size and worked right away with the small usb compact flash reader I use with my camera.
B003TSEL7S|5.0|I am so happy! im uing my moms kindle; but she lets me get books still. and this is my favorite!
0345509617|5.0|This book is awesome! For any Star Wars fan that doesnt have much knowlegde on how the moive was made this is just for you. The book goes over everything and much more in the movie. Many interviews, never before seen pictures, great artwork, and much more. It seems like your apart of the crew working on the film for how much detail they provide. I normally dont ever buy books but couldnt resist this one. Even diehard fans will appreciate this book. Any Star Wars fan will love this book, and for the price its a good deal.
B003D5X3VM|4.0|I first discovered Porter through listening to WRTI-FM.  They seemed to give \\"Pretty\\" a lot of play.  Then a friend of mine recommended Porter's version of \\"Skylark.\\"  This indeed is a wonderful version of this standard.  The first track is like a tone poem.  Very nice.  There's only one track on the CD I don't care for.  It's kind of political rant towards the end.  I recommend this CD, but be ready to give it solid listening time.
B0019N8P2W|5.0|I found a lot that just don't get this, but I find Daria one of the funniest.  Sometimes I wonder why some of the funniest animated series' are canned.  Mission Hill, Oblongs, and this one.
B00127RAJY|5.0|This is an excellent workout. You will see results quickly. And once you reach level 3, you can still do 1 and 2 just for a variety. I'm very glad I purchased it and bought a couple other biggest loser dvd's. They are great, but this is still the best workout.
B000002LHX|3.0|Okay, this album was alright. It's not my favorite, but I'm glad I have it. The best song on it is Batdance. Definitely worth getting if you don't already have it. Don't spend more than $7 on it though (Plus S&H if you're ordering online).
B00005JPSM|4.0|I was entranced enough by this film's trailers to actually go see it in a theater. I enjoyed watching it, as it didn't stray from the romantic dramedy formula at all.  Great acting by all, and some good one liners that you can take away with you.
B000002KY8|5.0|Okay, I didn't expect this! There's nothing that I would have wanted to know before I got this album. The only thing I don't like about it is that there are only two sings shorter than 5 minutes. Also, the \\"Filler\\" songs were way too long, but not bad at all. I would highly recommend this to somebody (But not my parents!)
0385342047|4.0|First of all, let me say that I've read all of Sophie Kinsella's books.  Mini Shopaholic will probably appeal most to those who are already fans of the Shopaholic series.  The novel is a light and easy read, and though Becky's antics get somewhat tiresome, you can't help but want to keep reading.  Now that she has little Minnie by her side, her quirks provide an even greater challenge for her to overcome.  Kinsella also involves many of the recurring characters from the other novels who also contribute to the book's plot.  Mini Shopaholic doesn't exhibit quite the same depth as Twenties Girl (another book I recommend!) but still:  For me, reading these books is more fun than actually shopping.
B001AQR3IU|5.0|Matthew Vaughn's vision of Neil Gaiman's novel is a treat for the eyes and the heart. The visuals are stunning and luscious. The characters are memorable and are weaved into a story of adventure, peril and love. I have never read the novel but because I am a fan of Mr. Gaiman I saw this film when it was released theatrically. A true treat for anyone who likes adventure and fantasy with a little bit of comedy.
B002G1X350|4.0|I have read many reviews for this album.  Some people think it's fantastic, and some people don't like it.  They think this is not what Leaves' Eyes should be...    This album is definately different.  Leaves' Eyes are evolving, and I like where they are going.  When I first heard a friends' copy of this album, the word that ran through my mind was that this album was more \\"involved\\" than their other albums.  Although, I liked it so much,  I had to purchase a copy of my own.    It is true that this album has some run-of-the mill/take-or-leave songs.  The ones that you have to listen to many times before you think, \\"OK, this is catchy\\".  But for me, all of Leaves' Eyes albums have that.  However, the catch here is that this album has some songs that are so awesome they make the album worth it.     Liv Kristine's voice is beautiful, this is widely agreed.  Her vocals on this album are fantastic.  She uses an operatic style more, which is amazing.  I am so glad she did this.  Her vocals get better with every album.  I saw a lot of complaints about Alex's grunting on this album.  Really, Liv and Alex have found a good combination of their vocals- they work better together than on their other albums.  They actually complement each other more on this album.     They begin with the title track \\"Njord\\" which instantly has me hooked.  I really like this song.  I won't go into depth on the songs, other people have done that.  Just know this is a good one.    \\"My Destiny\\" was, at first, take-or-leave with me.  However, after hearing it maybe 3 times, I really like it.  I like the way this song is constructed.    \\"Eemerald Island\\" is one I almost really like.  It's lovely, but lacking something.    Their cover of \\"Scarborough Fair\\" is beautfiful.  Liv sings this so pretty, then they put a touch of metal that really works.  At first I wasn't impressed by this one.  I love this song, and I think perhaps expected more.  But when I opened up to it, I realized it is done very well.By the way, Liv's voice works great for Celtic style music.  She does Celtic style quite a bit on this album, and I love the way it sounds with her voice.    \\"Ragnarok\\" is one of my favorites on this album.  This is probably the hardest song they have done (at least, in my opinion).  This song hits a type of metal that I really like.  Alexander and Liv have really made their vocals work together on this album, and this is a song that supports that.    \\"Morgenland\\" is simple, soft, beautiful.  I know some people don't like it, but this song will sweep you away if you let it.    The absolute gem of this album is \\"Froya's Theme\\".  This song is progressive metal, and it's just amazing.  If there ever is a question that Leaves' Eyes is evolving as a band, listen to this song.  This is advanced, and it's fantastic.  It's done beautifully.  I can't express how much I like this song, you just have to hear it for yourself.  Don't rely on the music sampler for this one.  There is a lot to this song and the sampler doesn't even begin to touch it.    These are opinions coming from someone that likes this band a lot, but I'm no worshipper, so these are honest opinions.  The songs I mentioned are all my favorites on this album.  \\"Njord\\", \\"Ragnarok\\" and \\"Froya's Theme\\" are ultimate my favorites on here.  The bonus tracks are quite good too.  \\"Lanscape of the Dead\\" is catchy and grew on me by the second listen.  I am really glad about the bonus tracks.    In conclusion, try not to see this as Leaves' Eyes abandoning their style.  This is definately still Leaves' Eyes, but they are growing, and I hope their fans welcome this.    *NOTE: Although the album art is pretty, this cd is not packaged well.  It has one of those cardboard covers that flop open, which I am not a fan of.  Also, this album didn't come with their music video like they normally do.  I thought this cd would include the video for \\"My Destiny\\" but sadly it doesn't.    UPDATE: Upon further listening, the songs I wasn't fascinated by at first have definately grown on me.  Especially \\"Take the Devil in Me\\", \\"Through Our Veins\\".  They really are very good.
0316077054|5.0|I picked this book up at a book fair, and from the first page to the last, I could not wait to see what would happen next. Kept me on the edge of my seat the entire time. When I wasn't reading Beautiful Creatures I was thinking about it. The title had me thinking, oh heres another vampire story, but what a surprise!!!! Loved it and told friends and co-workers alike. Even they enjoyed it. Had to go right out and get the next one. Keep em Cummin.... :)
B000069HZP|5.0|This is an excellent movie that really has you thinking and you probably need to watch it more than 1 time!
0316067938|5.0|This was a good book. I read all of the Twilight books because I wanted to read them before my daughter did to see if they where okay for a young girl to read. Well, I could not put the books down and this one was the best one of all of them. Enjoy...
0634022296|5.0|Best purchase of music I've made in years. It has it all. And not just the simplified chords, but the AUG7ths and 9th, etc. that gave the Beatles their unique sound. Highly recommend.
B003U0I9U0|5.0|My favorite song on the cd is \\"take on me\\" but the whole cd is full of good songs. A-Ha has 25 years worth of really good music and this cd really does cover most of the best.
B0028KGD8I|5.0|I am a fan of any medical-based shows.  I got hooked on Dexter years ago but don't have Cable.  Got up to 2 season via Netflix, but was aching to seen the next season.  Tried Amazon and while I made it through a few episodes, for which Amazon charges for each and every one (Netflix gives you the entire series via on-line/instant play for ZERO $$) I stopped watching because of their POOR STREAMING!   Eegads, Amazon needs to fix that!
B001P9EQH8|5.0|I bought the FiiO E5 to give my Sennheiser PXC-450's a little more power to work with. The little E5 headphone amp did just that. Everything sounds better, more defined, more powerful. A night and day difference that even my girlfriend noticed immediately. Immediately big bass sounds \\"big\\", highs are crisper and less fatiguing, the whole sound stage is expanded to give each sound its own \\"space\\" as opposed to a monotone muddled sort of sound before. I don't know anything about the specifications for this amp or its musical accuracy. I do know convenient useful gadgets when I see one, this one fits the bill of a must buy. At least with my Sennheisers with an impedance of 150 ohms this amp makes a world of difference.
B0042K4ZZK|3.0|No pun intended-ha!  Loved the preview; albeit short, Amazon's streaming sucks, at least it did for us.
B003ZK58WM|1.0|$19.99 - Really? I don't think so. Can't share it with friends? Can't pass it on? And if I stop using Kindle, it's gone?
B002G1YPH0|5.0|This is the best weight/size/price performer you can get for any CPU, I love the fact that it comes with am2/am3 brackets.  To help with install:     I read the best way to apply thermal paste on direct touch heatsinks are the following:   To apply thermal paste. First, fill in the gaps just between the heatpipes, you can use a card for that, then add 3  short lines in the middle of the cooler on to the gaps you just filled, that way you create no air bubbles when you apply to cpu, so there is no need to apply any paste on cpu itself just the cooler.    also you can watch youtube video on cooler master 212 install.
0596806027|4.0|This book is a very good introduction to the basics of HTML5. It provides a good heads-up on what is momentarily coming down the pike, and what the new standard will offer.
B0019NB9A2|5.0|Truly a remarkable movie given the technology limitations of the '50's. The acting is absolutely first-rate,understandable by looking at the quality of the cast. The computer generated music?(sound effects) gives the movie an other world feel while not intruding on the script. The story keeps the attention at a perfect pace while the story line develops to a reasonable ending. It would have been better to have let the Earthmen at least escape with some Krell technology to bring home with them, thereby setting the stage for, dare I say it, a sequel!!!
B003UYUQZW|1.0|The Disney money making formula is as follows: First, hire nepotistical writers of previous Disney writers to use the same tired/worn eighty year old in-a-rut formulas and cliches that were once novel in the thirties and since have been continuously repackaged to each generation.  Hire writers whose life experiences are derived from the explorations of Beverly Hills H.S. hallways and parking lots interspersed with a few non-creative BHHS creative-writing classes. Second, rely on the eighty year old tactic that when writing and acting are weak just invest in good props, sets and CGI to compensate. OK,  there were a few Moroccan scenes that didn't feel like sets.     Only Disney can ruin the fantastical ambience of several thousand year old ancient Persia by having the actors look and speak like 21st century models with bleached white porcelain veneers smiling at every photo op (even the bad guys). As for action, like the original 1980s Apple computer game, it still consists of really weak and over done swordplay, running & jumping and cheapened by being  contemporized into Parkour free running.     People that think this movie is magical lazily still believe that Disneyland is magical.
B003L77G2Y|5.0|Fringe has just the right actors playing just the right parts with an incredibly compelling story line.  Owning Fringe on DVD is very rewarding as you get to go back and see little, but meaningful things you missed the first time through.  I will buy every Fringe Season...not a boring moment to be had.
B003UYV08E|1.0|Fireworks for explosives; simplistic flashy gunfire; cartoonish quality CGI; poorly performed martial arts; juvenile dialogue; really bad science - all should tell you a lot about the quality of this disappointing sequel.
0525951652|4.0|I am a big Ken Follett fan and while \\"Fall of Giants\\" didn't create the vivid images in my head that his other historical novels did I enjoyed this book very much. I think the characters are strong and I wanted to know what happened to them. I have no interest whatsoever in World War 1 but I learned quite a bit as Follett wove in 'real' people interacting with the main characters.
0439023513|1.0|What happened?  I loved the first two books and hated this one.  Katniss was destroyed as a character for me.  She moped around for the entire book.  Peeta and Gale were barely present.  The whole book reeked of depression, confusion, and bitterness.  Where was the goodness and hope that shone through in the first two books?  I don't like to have anti-war sentiments rammed down my throat.  I thought this series was about something bigger.  I'm very disappointed that the series ended this way.  It had such possibility!
B003JSSPSY|5.0|I loved the first season and the second was even better! The characters and actors are amazing along with the scenery and FX. Sad the shows over but it is one to give a go
B0032JTV6U|4.0|Love this season!  The only complaint I have is that the episodes were spread out into too many DVDs.  It could have just been on about 4 DVDs and a bonus DVD.  Other wise, awesome. =)
0446402397|5.0|This book was very well written and a definite page-turner. Each page was packed with action and suspense!
B003EYVXYQ|4.0|First of all, let's face facts: even GREAT zombie movies are not really great movies.  If you're reading this you probably love all the classics and enjoy them to no end just like me, but even the uber-classics Night of the Living Dead and Dawn of the Dead are not great movies on the same level as The Shawshank Redemption, The Deer Hunter, The Godfather, or pretty much any other certifiably great motion picture.  Therefore, I have rated this film compared to other zombie movies.  In my opinion this is a four star zombie movie, but you'd have to be crazy to call this a four star film in general!<br /><br />I'm not going into a lengthy review here.  All I'm going to say is that you should give this film a chance, even if you hated Diary of the Dead and Land of the Dead.  In my opinion this is the best Romero zombie flick since Day of the Dead, or possibly even since Dawn.  There are a few key drawbacks that I believe are distracting people from the overall quality of this movie.<br /><br />First of all, there are two or three fairly dubious digital effects shots in this movie, and the worst offender is in the opening scene.  Don't let that discourage you though, as there are lots of great practical effects shots later in the film, and plenty of zombies chowing down on practical (non-CG) guts!  Let's be honest; in a zombie flick, things like whether there are some good scenes of zombies chowing down on intestines are important!<br /><br />Secondly, there is really no explanation as to why the two feuding families on an island off of Delaware both have Irish accents, and why one of them wears old-West style cowboy clothes.  However, just because this makes absolutely no sense, doesn't mean it hurts the film.  You just have to accept that somehow there are a bunch of Irish dudes on this island!  Personally I think the movie would have been taken much more seriously if Romero had populated the island with realistic characters with American accents, but whatever.<br /><br/>Other than those two factors above, I think Survival of the Dead is one of Romero's best films.  The acting is solid.  It's certainly one of his most visually appealing and beautifully shot films.  It's not very scary and takes place mostly during the day in full sunlight, but you can say the same of Dawn of the Dead, so no problem there.  The story moves along quickly without too much time ever elapsing between zombie action, and the plot actually does manage to make you think a little bit at the end, without beating you over the head with a message like Diary of the Dead.  Most importantly, this is a good fun zombie flick that is SO MUCH BETTER than Diary of the Dead.  Don't count Romero out yet; watch Survival of the Dead!
B001RQ0SJO|4.0|The way they sing, I like a lot, is the kind of music that we like to hear. I would like you to meet these works
B003ZK58WM|1.0|Reading these reviews is probably more enjoyable than the contents of the book.  On one side you have what I refer to as the \\"Print Purists\\". This clan of extremists feel that no book can be reviewed based on a books value proposition. In the case of the \\"Price Protectors\\", that means negative reviews because the price of the content is not worthy of a sale.  But the real fun begins when the \\"Print Purists\\" feel that those negative reviews are not reviews....confused yet?  I certainly am,so here is my review. Buy the book if you want to.  Everyone has a right to their own opinion/review!
0811876373|5.0|I was already a huge fan of  Bakerella!<br />I snatch this book up as soon as I saw the title. Love it!<br />A must have for any true baker!
B003JTHXOK|4.0|Before I purchase a book I always read the reviews....some say its a wonderful book and right next to it it says worst book ever written by this author...so you really can't tell by the reviews most of the time.  If there are more good than bad I usually take the good ones to heart.  This is my first Nicholas Sparks book although I have seen the movies...I loved this book and was so surprised by the ending...I read all day and into the night ...became teary toward the ending and was truly surprised by it.  Great book and I am now ordering another Nicholas Sparks book to start today.
1591843162|4.0|\\"LINCHPIN\\" is engaging and easy to read, challenging and inspiring. The book questions the way we play it safe in our professions and Godin argues that continuing to play it safe is the riskiest thing you can do in the current economy. He shows how becoming a linchpin is a better way to give value to the company than our traditional approaches. He gives concrete examples throughout the book of people and businesses that took this approach and had amazing success. To begin, you see the work you do as art and yourself as an artist. He describes art as \\"the intentional act of using your humanity to create a change in another person.\\"   Godin outlines a number of other important components to being a linchpin, someone that your company or your profession or your community can't do without.  It begins with art, of course, and includes the willingness to give it away, the desire to do it, as well as getting over the reluctance that keeps us from doing it.  The book explains all this in the context of the reality of rapidly changing technology and social networking.  This book delivers content up to the last page. My main take aways are a renewed excitement about my role at work and the conviction that I will \\"ship it\\", whatever it is I'm working on.
0547338023|5.0|The Little Prince as a graphic novel is a great way to experience this story again. The graphic novel is completely faithful to the original story, and it vividly and colorfully illustrates it. I did miss the scarce and simplistic whimsy of the original illustrations, but once I got accustomed to the new style, I preferred reading this story as a graphic novel. Joann Sfar has honored the original spirit with her new illustrations.<br /><br />I hope this new rendition brings many new readers to this wonderful classic! This little story has stayed with me all my life. It sweetly reminds us that what's important is invisible, and that when we are \\"tamed\\" into friendship, tears may happen, but what's special about each other will give us joy forever.
B002JVWQSW|5.0|There is nothing not to love about this show: the writing is stellar and the cast is wonderful. I adore all of the characters, but Manny especially has a special place in my heart, and each episode is a gem, with \\"Travels with Scout\\" being my favorite. This is hilarious and heartwarming TV at its finest.
B003L77TZI|4.0|I was wary about this album.  I shouldn't have been.  I really liked her debut album and despite her `trashy pop princess' persona, I indulge on Perry and her undeniable talent (she is far more than polished up gimmick, she has a voice).  Still, I had heard a lot of negative things about this album and so I was scared that it failed to live up to my expectations.  While it still isn't a perfect presentation (she suffers from her own playfulness at times), this album is just as good (if not a tad better) than her debut and has been playing on my stereo for the past few days none-stop, and I don't foresee it stopping any time soon.<br /><br />The taste of this album is so sweet!<br /><br />So, let's start with the singles.  While a lot of people went crazy for `Teenage Dream', I'm not sold on it as much as everyone else.  I actually don't like the sound of Perry's voice during the verses.  It just comes off mousy and unappealing.  I like the song, but it just fails to be `amazing'.  I like the lyrical message, it's sweet and charming, but the presentation could be sharpened up in my opinion.  `California Gurls' is still total LOVE in my eyes.  I just think it's the perfect summer anthem, even if you're not from California!  It's fun, fresh and exciting.  Sure, they played it out and continue to OVERPLAY it on the radio, but when it's on I'm listening!  `Firework' does what `Teenage Dream' couldn't do for me; it reaches that state of `awesome'.  I love what Perry does with her vocals (the strain is beyond beautiful) and the overall uplifting spirit of the song is well worked and effective.<br /><br />The albums only real low points fall on the `too childish' and the `too bland'.  `Pearl' is just dull to me.  Sure, it has a nice message and the lyrical structure is earnest, but the tracks construction is boring and too familiar.  It sounds dated, and not in a good way.  `Peacock' and `Last Friday Night' are typical teenage party songs, but they are a tad overly foolish for my taste.  One could argue that they are fun, but I'm not a teenager and so I don't find them as exciting as they may.<br /><br />Oh well, they can't all be as epically great as `E.T.' (yes, that song is out of this world good!).<br /><br />`Hummingbird Heartbeat' is fun and memorable even if it has an early 90's pop vibe going on.  It just bounces so nicely in your head.  I love the chorus, very catchy and engaging.  Seriously, Perry's voice has matured and really takes over this album.  `The One That Got Away' has a nice tone to it, even if it is a tad forgettable.  I like it, and I never skip it (to be honest, I don't skip ANY song here, even the three that fail to impress me).<br /><br />For me, Perry's more seriously toned tracks are her best.  `Who Am I Living For?' and `Circle the Drain' are brilliant.  `Circle the Drain' is (without hesitation) my favorite track on the album.  Written for her ex-boyfriend Travis McCoy, the song is very personal and very direct, speaking of the weight that addiction has on an entire relationship and the strength it takes to finally walk away from that situation.  The song is brutally honest and hits you where it counts.  `Who Am I Living For?' carries a similar musicality to it, dark and eerie almost.  Perry's vocals are astonishing here, she almost reaches Christina Aguilera heights (just listen and tell me I'm wrong...the deep tones she captures here are very reminiscent of Aguilera).  `Not Like The Movies' is a soft and gentle way to close the album, and it works beautifully.  It is a stripped down Perry, and she makes the most of every piano key.<br /><br />For those curious:<br /><br />1) Circle the Drain<br />2) E.T.<br />3) Hummingbird Heartbeat<br />4) Who Am I Living For?<br />5) Not Like the Movies<br />6) California Gurls<br />7) Firework<br /><br />8) The One Who Got Away<br />9) Teenage Dream<br /><br />10) Last Friday Night<br />11) Peacock<br />12) Pearl<br /><br />In the end, this album is certainly worthyour attention.  Katy Perry has rose above controversy and tabloid fodder and proven that she is here for a reason, and that reason is not the bi-curious fascination we once had with her.  She is here because she has talent, and that talent doesn't look to be going anywhere anytime soon.t reason is not the bi-curious fascination we once had with her.  She is here because she has talent, and that talent doesn't look to be going anywhere anytime soon.
0307341550|5.0|I've read both of Ms. Flynn's books, SHARP OBJECTS and DARK PLACES, and now have a new favorite author. I can't wait to read more of her work. SHARP OBJECTS kept me guessing and guessing wrongly until the very end. Her prose is dark and sharp, her characters are flawed and delightfully so. Her similes are gritty, true and unexpected, \\"I ached once, hard, like a period typed at the end of a sentence.\\" How can a reader not like that?    As a Missourian, I'm painfully familiar with the locations in her books and can attest that she has captured the essence of small-town life in the Midwest.     I would highly recommend her books to all readers, but especially to those who are not squeamish about the dark side of human nature.     Excellent writing, creative characterizations, twisted plot lines.
B000X1Z0BU|4.0|A feel good movie, and keeps you feeling good from begining to end.  Not many movies can do that!
B0025VNUIG|5.0|We read all his books many years ago. They are classics. Loved this one too!
B000AP04L0|4.0|I really enjoyed this movie and if you work in an office with 4 different bosses then this movie is for you. The movie is funny and you really get to feel bad for Milton who does not know he is no longer an employee but shows up every day asking where his paycheck is and he is told by the office manager Lundberg, I believe that is how you spell his name, to move his desk in the back of the room and then in the basement. I thought is was funny when one of the guys name was Michael Bulton.  This movie is a must see I don't ever think it gets old.  Especially like the part when the printer never worked, it always jammed and the 3 main actors took it to a field and beat the crap out of it with baseball bats.
B003DKJ5ZU|4.0|This is another enjoyable Disney DVD your girls are sure to enjoy and talk about.  The artwork and backgrounds are wonderful and the animation is great.  The \\"How To Believe\\" song is delightful.  With a cast including Mae Whitman, Michael Sheen, Lucy Liu, Kristen Chenowith and Faith Prince,this can only be a winner !
B002ZG97E2|4.0|Before I went to see this movie in the theater I thought it was going to be a waste of money but actually it was not.  One of the little girls out of the 3 that Gru adopted was sooooo cute. When Gru put them to bed one of the girls said that he was scary and the youngest girl said Like Santa. It was a heart warming and funny movie and cannot wait until it comes out on DVD.  I also liked Gru's workers, the little yellow guys that were wearing goggles, those guys were funny especially when one of them was making a print out of his butt.
B003ZK58WM|1.0|Blantant and arrogant overpricing!  I'm done with Penguin.  Maybe author should look for a more reputable publisher.
B004132I4S|4.0|4.5 stars<br /><br />The new album by the \\"coolest musician in America\\" (Sunday Times) starts off by flattering to deceive. \\"Futile Devices\\" the opening track to Sufjan Stevens new set of songs could have happily appeared on the outstanding \\"Seven Swans\\" and is a gentle bubbling track with a fragile folksy beauty which Stevens can appear to evoke with consummate ease. So then Stevens is clearly going to compensate for his abandonment of his 50 state album cycle promise with a return to earlier glories?<br /><br />No such chance, indeed while the \\"\\"he Age of Adz\\" has many transcendent moments, this is primarily an album of electronic soundscapes, whose trajectory can be loosely traced back in Stevens musical past to 2002's largely electronic Chinese Zodiac concept album \\"Enjoy your Rabbit\\". It is therefore not surprising that the critical reception to this album thus far has been in places bemused and quizzical (and in Uncut's case characterised by outright hostility questioning whether our hero is \\"a genius or just a show off\\").<br /><br />The line between originality and over indulgence is of course a thin one but in Stevens case his ability to make his music soar is the special ingredient. For example the second track \\"Too much\\" is Sufjan Stevens meets Yeasayer and a joyous electronic concoction. The funky electronica of \\"I walked\\" revolves around a trip hop big synth loop, combined with Stevens trademark angelic vocals and surreal lyrics where he asks \\"Lover, will you look from me now/I'm already dead/but I've come to explain/why I left such a mess on the floor\\". Other highlights also include the gently rolling 'Vesuvius' which concentrates on giving self advice and messages to himself plus \\"Bad communication\\" a short beautiful fragment of a song. The title track is alternatively; erm what's the word I'm looking for, yes thats it ....mental! A tribute of sorts to the weird abstract art of Louisiana based Royal Robertson it starts off with great Wagnerian voices then Stevens singing through cat calls and symphonic whistles over an eight minute hodgepodge powerhouse that has to heard to be believed not least the lovely acoustic end.<br /><br />And then we have the final track the 25 minute (I kid you not!) \\"The Impossible Soul\\" which is a mini album in its own right and a sort of Tubular Bells for the Twitter Generation which wanders far and wide. It starts conventionally and then leads into a strange exhortation where Stevens cheekily pleads with us \\"Don't be distracted\\", has a lovely vocoder section, at 13 minutes sounds like Kraftwerk for 30 seconds and then has one of those \\"Illinois\\" style chants for a further 8 minutes around the refrain of \\"boy we can do much more together\\" underpinned by all sort of beeps, electronic synths and weird machinations. It finishes with a fairly straightforward but gorgeous Stevens song with the \\"boy\\" lyrical refrain back again. Oh look, listen to it yourself and begin to connect with a song which has sections which will variously bore you, amaze you and often leave you in tears.<br /><br />The \\"Age of Adz\\" is album devoid of discipline, restraint or brevity. It is a smorgasbord of ideas some of which work brilliantly, others fail gallantly and a few never get out of the starting gate. Certainly this a very different proposition to the mix of orchestrated packed bravado combined with the wintry acoustics of \\"Michigan\\" and \\"Illinois\\". Yet if the masterful experimentation of both those albums left you gasping for more \\"The Age of Adz\\" should hold no fear for you for this is pop or rock music in its loosest sense. Last year Stevens wrote a Stravinsky inspired album dedicated to the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway and only two months ago he released an EP entitled \\"All you delighted people\\" which extended to well over an hour. Stevens is a composer packed with musical ideas some great, some claptrap, some challenging and some sublime. What is the truth is that there no one else out there working this distinctive seam in this manner. Thereby \\"The Age of Adz\\" is full testimony to Stevens uniqueness and it should be a cause of great celebration and rejoicing for this is not so much an album release as a musical event.Thereby \\"The Age of Adz\\" is full testimony to Stevens uniqueness and it should be a cause of great celebration and rejoicing for this is not so much an album release as a musical event.
0525951652|5.0|The practice of some Amazon.com book reviewers of panning a book because of Kindle edition pricing or formatting must stop. It's grossly unfair to authors - who have no control over those Kindle issues, but whose work and sales and reputation are hurt by bad reviews. It's like panning a play because parking was pricey - with this result: the play closes, the public is deprived of a worthwhile experience, the actors are out of work, and the playwright's reputation and future are damaged . . . .    But the parking lot continues to charge what it wishes.    It's irrational and unjust! The purpose of a legitimate book review is to ask and answer one question: Is this book worth reading and why or why not.    In days past, reviewers usually had to have at least a shred of legitimacy and responsibility to qualify as a reviewer - their work had to be accepted for publication somewhere and its fairness and objectivity were subject to the editor's and publisher's appraisal. Now, Internet vendors invite anyone who has a keyboard to \\"review\\" books.    Imagine! You wrote a book, by god. Maybe it took years, maybe a decade, maybe more. You poured your heart and talent into the project, and you never wavered; you worked as hard and well as you possibly could. And you executed a fine work -- of craft, maybe even of art. And one day that work is published. And some so-called \\"reviewers\\" with neither compassion nor good sense decide not to review your work at all but rather to destroy it by reducing its deserved five stars to one or two stars. Why? Because a publisher set your book's price a little higher than they want to pay. You are in no way the cause of their grievance, but for a few bucks, they're willing to crush your dream, maybe even your career.    Case in point: The great Ken Follett - for more than two decades a true artist, a bona fide heavyweight international megastar who gives real value in return for an audience and who deserves every one of his plaudits. His new work,\\"Fall of Giants,\\" offers more than a thousand pages of Follett's genius for deep research, historical accuracy, and richly developed characters. It's a steal at 19 bucks.  And it has two stars on Amazon! A travesty. The book's star breakdown: 85 five-star reviews; 15 four-star; 237 one-star. What? Something wrong with THAT \\"bell-shaped\\" curve.  But check it out and you see that the great majority of one-star reviews offer no intelligent discourse on art or literature -- they are there only to bitch about the Kindle cost.    I don't know how the rest of the world feels about this, but I think it's a crying shame, an outrage, a heartbreaker, and it has to be stopped! Please please please please, Amazon.com, DEAL WITH THIS. All you have to do is create a special box for comments that have nothing to do with the quality of the book AS A BOOK. Either those \\"reviews\\" should be unstarred, or their stars should not be tallied among those of legitimate reviews. Please fix this; it's unconscionable to let it go on.
B0040T7B2W|4.0|3.5 stars<br /><br />Come on what were you were you expecting, Belle and Sebastian sing death metal? This new album by B & S \\"Write about love\\" is largely about continuity despite a four year absence since 2006's \\"The Life Pursuit\\" and of course is full of charming, quirky and wryly observed indie pop songs with what John Peel used to describe as dangerous hints of melody.<br /><br />A friend once asked me to burn a \\"Best of\\" compilation of Belle and Sebastian songs, and sadly she is still waiting for it. The trouble of course is that the songs of this wonderful Scottish band more than just soundtrack your life they sometimes define it. Thus picking out favourites involves all kinds of agonies. \\"Expectations\\" and \\"We rule the school\\" from their debut Tiger Milk defines the period of formal education for many people. \\"Step into my office baby\\" is a salutary warning to every person embarking on a office fling while the whole of the wonderful \\"If your feeling sinister\\" is an album which has sound tracked more than its fair share of bedsit angst and broken romance.<br /><br />\\"Write about love\\" continues many of these themes and is a very nice and pleasant album which could be its big problem. In one sense its Belle and Sebastian \\"go mainstream\\" without the extremes of terrible frustrated heartache, minus the outright wistful melancholy and with lyrics not quite as witty and clever as they once were. They still produce great titles and in \\"Calculating bimbo\\" they have a song which is probably closer to their roots with the trademark Murdoch and Martin vocal interplay. Similarly there are excellent pop songs like the lovely five minute plus \\"Didn't see it coming\\" sung by Sarah Martin while actress Carey Mulligan star of the excellent British film \\"An Education\\", guests on the sunshine filled title track. It is almost a Motown sounding pure pop gem which will need a priest to exorcise the melody from your brain. Finally in the \\"The Ghost of Rockschool\\" they have produced a song which stands up to some of their best.<br /><br />A further big name guest namely Norah Jones can be found on a duet with Stuart Murdoch entitled \\"Little Lou, Ugly Jack, Prophet John\\". Ms Jones demonstrates her usual smokey trademark vocals but frankly the song would have struggled to get on \\"Come away with me\\". Ironically \\"Sunday's pretty icons\\" does sound like a Sundays song and ambles along nicely while \\"I want the world to stop\\" reminds your reviewer of one of those ever present Frou Frou songs that seem to comprise the bedrock of the OC soundtrack. There is of course nothing wrong with good pop songs but this is the band that wrote \\"Stars of Track and Field\\", \\"Like Dylan in the movies\\" and \\"The state I'm in\\" and you just want them to be on par with that level of exquisite songcraft whose strength was often the ability to unsettle as opposed to merely charm. Anyone new to B & S will probably love this set of warm harmony filled pop and undoubtedly it will grow over time. Consequently while \\"Write about love\\" is no classic its great to have them back.p to some of their best.     A further big name guest namely Norah Jones can be found on a duet with Stuart Murdoch entitled \\"Little Lou, Ugly Jack, Prophet John\\". Ms Jones demonstrates her usual smokey trademark vocals but frankly the song would have struggled to get on \\"Come away with me\\". Ironically \\"Sunday's pretty icons\\" does sound like a Sundays song and ambles along nicely while \\"I want the world to stop\\" reminds your reviewer of one of those ever present Frou Frou songs that seem to comprise the bedrock of the OC soundtrack. There is of course nothing wrong with good pop songs but this is the band that wrote \\"Stars of Track and Field\\", \\"Like Dylan in the movies\\" and \\"The state I'm in\\" and you just want them to be on par with that level of exquisite songcraft whose strength was often the ability to unsettle as opposed to merely charm. Anyone new to B & S will probably love this set of warm harmony filled pop and undoubtedly it will grow over time. Consequently while \\"Write about love\\" is no classic its great to have them back.
0553805371|2.0|I can only assume the popularity of this book stems from Hawking's notoriety, because it's content leaves much to be desired.    First, from a purely technical standpoint, the treatment of some areas such as QED,QCD and the standard theory is quite clear and comprehensive. But others, such as M theory, Multiverse and Inflation, are glossed over.  Too much discussion about Aristotle and Kepler, no mention of Guth and Witten. By the end of the book, it's not even clear why the authors delved into particle physics at all, because their final argument has noting to do with the first 170 pages of the book.    Second, the book reveals a clear anti-religion bias that distracts from the subject, or is that the purpose ?.  The book promises to reveal a grand design, an explanation of why reality exists.  It also argues that there is no need for a creator, AKA God.  And yet, as the expected final argument arrives, it is in the form of a game... a set of laws called \\"the game of life\\" .  This game is shown to create its own reality.  But on page 179 Hawking and Mlodinow, referring to this game, clearly state...'we are the creators- we chose the initial state of the universe by specifying objects and their positions at the start of the game'.     Their final argument contradicts the anti creator tone of the entire book......pointless    I would suggest for those hoping to understand the current theories of the uiverse and physical reality, they read Gribbin's \\" In Search of the Multiverse\\"    For those looking for proof that God does not exist, they should first explain to themselves how to prove a negative (philosophically)
B001F12J0C|4.0|all dvds work great, and comes in good looking box set.  delivery was prompt. very happy
B0034G4P7G|5.0|I must start off by admitting that this movie exceeded my expectations. I was at first uncertain how much I was going to like the movie because I read online that the actual Mark Zuckerberg bluntly stated that the movie is a piece of fiction, and that he wished that the movie was not made while he was still alive [...]. I decided to give it a chance once my husband convinced me to see it because my husband has good taste in movies. This movie was definitely one where both my husband and I felt that time flew by. This movie basically paints a good picture of the circumstances leading up to the creation to facebook and the major players instrumental in the creation.  Jesse Eisenberg masterfully portrays a very highly intelligent Mark Zuckerberg who seems to be very shocked but suprisingly calm when he gets sued by Eduardo Saverin (eloquently played by Andrew Garfield), the Winklevoss twins (played by Armie Hammer), and Divya Narendra (Max Minghella). The movie cleverly portrays events leading up to why he got sued, and it honestly left me wondering if there could have been a better way for things to get resolved. The reason why I title the review Soap Opera because it did portray the main characters in an exciting way as men who liked to love and have fun like everyone else. For one, the movie portrays some of the women that might have been romantically involved with them (Eduardo and Mark). In addition the audience is treated to an interesting story on how Mark and Eduardo may have met the Napster founder and Facebook Co-founder Sean Parker (wonderfully played by Justin Timberlake). Justine Timberlake does a very fine job as portraying Sean Parker as a very creative, talented, and controversial man. An October 7th, 2010 article in La Times online reads that Sean Parker has recently given $100,000 to the ballot initiative that would legalize marijuana in California.[...] After watching this movie I can honestly understand why Mark Zuckerberg did not want a movie about him while still alive. The main reason is because although I thoroughly enjoyed this movie, it may have been an invasion of privacy if the movie is possibly close to some of the events that played out in his life. I'm saying this from the perspective of if he (Mark) did not give his full permission to make the movie. In addition, the movie portrays him to be extremely smart, but needing to have more compassion towards people. The only catch with this portrayal is that some people may appear to have a tough and hardened exterior, but are actually craving to be accepted and understood inside. I have myself personally encountered people who appeared to be abrasive on the outside, but were actually compassionate deep down, but felt like they had to potray a hardened exterior to protect themselves until they had compelling reasons to show their more calm side. Regardless of how you are going to feel about the characters, I can safely say that this movie is definitely an engaging type of soap opera to watch regardless of how close to true life events it is.him while still alive. The main reason is because although I thoroughly enjoyed this movie, it may have been an invasion of privacy if the movie is possibly close to some of the events that played out in his life. I'm saying this from the perspective of if he (Mark) did not give his full permission to make the movie. In addition, the movie portrays him to be extremely smart, but needing to have more compassion towards people. The only catch with this portrayal is that some people may appear to have a tough and hardened exterior, but are actually craving to be accepted and understood inside. I have myself personally encountered people who appeared to be abrasive on the outside, but were actually compassionate deep down, but felt like they had to potray a hardened exterior to protect themselves until they had compelling reasons to show their more calm side. Regardless of how you are going to feel about the characters, I can safely say that this movie is definitely an engaging type of soap opera to watch regardless of how close to true life events it is.
B0000A1RJI|5.0|The score for \\"Pirates Of The Caribbean: The Curse Of The Black Pearl\\" is as much fun as the movie itself. The excitement begins with \\"Fog Bound\\" and never lets up, culminating in the exciting \\"He's A Pirate.\\" Very good CD. My personal favourite tracks are: \\"The Medallion Calls,\\" \\"Will & Elizabeth,\\" \\"Skull & Crossbones,\\" \\"Walk The Plank,\\"<br />\\"Bootstraps' Bootstraps,\\" \\"To The Pirates' Cave,\\" \\"Moonlight Seranade,\\" \\"One Last Shot,\\" and \\"He's A Pirate\\"<br />\\"Drink up, me hearties, yo-ho.\\"
0743496736|4.0|I agree with other reviewers that there are a lot of characters in this book and it sometimes makes it hard to follow the story. Then it doesn't help that the book is non-linear, but then so are some of Tony Morrison's books. My daughter had a hard time following the book and never finished it, but I trudged through and I wasn't disappointed. I will be getting her previous books that had some of the characters from this book. My suggestion to enjoying the book is to pick at least one or two characters that you can identify with or recognize in a loved one and walk in their shoes through the book. I think she did pretty good research, as the events that occurred were almost word for word the happenings in the horrible Columbine shootings. The biggest thing I didn't buy was how the characters in this book crossed lines from the legal to the personal.  I think they would have been disciplined or sanctioned had these things occurred in real life.    As an aside, I did some research after reading the book and found that the most horrible American school shootings involving students at the school almost always involved boys, and not girls. It supports my theory that boys often express their emotions violently, whereas girls internalize their emotions and commit suicide versus homicide.
0061433047|5.0|This is another in the \\"Wee Free Men\\" series, and it's the best so far. While it's kind of brooding and dark it doesn't linger there for too long at a time. In this book Tiffany (now age 16 and a full-on witch) has returned to the Chalk to take over for the late Granny Aching. Her relationships with the people of the town and the Mac Nac Feegle are definitely different from when she was first introduced, but they're handled with the deftness you would expect from Terry Pratchett. While the story moves from locale to locale (sometimes in the space of a couple of pages) and the plot takes a couple of detours you never loose sight of it and the characters are all the better for it. Buy this book and set aside some time to read it, because once you stop you won't want to put it down.
B003HLM2QO|3.0|This is the second album by Kevin Churko for Sharon and Ozzy.  As with Black Rain Ozzy gets a co-credit for everything....    Like Black Rain it is basically a very, very good album.  The songs bite, attack diverse subjects, and I suspect some would consider a couple of the tracks tread a little too hard on the hypocrites' feet.  Its mix is well balanced. The biggest musical downside is that Ozzy really doesn't understand that some of us at least don't want to hear even a couple of tedious Ozzy family or nostalgia tracks.    THE biggest issue is again the mastering of the CD.    For this CD we switch from the useless Vlado Meller, destroyer of music, to a name masterer, Bob Ludwig.  This should be great news, but if your aim is to drive a tank over a car, it doesn't matter who the driver is, you end up with a piece of flat metal, which is exactly what this CD is.  Wise up Sharon and Ozzy, this is not the road to success.  I feel sorry for Bob, if you look at this CD in an audio editor, he's tried so hard to minimise the impact of massive compression.    So fatiguing is this CD to listen too, I'm sure it will soon be in the discount bins with Black Rain.  Such a shame, as they are basically great albums.  Hope I live long enough for a good remaster!
B002T9H2MO|2.0|I didn't like this movie, and explaining exactly why will take some (hopefully minimal) spoilers. Moon has been hailed as a revolution in Sci-Fi, a tour-de-force of innovative small-budget design and excellent performance from the lead. Unfortunately, I disagree on all points.<br /><br />-The Setup<br />In the future, Planet Earth has a new source of nearly limitless energy thanks to some new and vaguely specified power source. It's most likely cold fusion, but this is never stated. All of this energy is apparently supplied by one mining station on the moon- or, that's what it seems like for most of the movie, there's kind of some vague information to the contrary later on. This station has one inhabitant, Sam Bell (played by Sam Rock-well). So all of the world's power is farmed by Sam Rockwell, who from the looks of it is a minimum wage space trucker. That makes no real sense at all, but let's go with it. The story from here focuses on this one man's isolation, as his relay to talk with earth has been cut off and he must live alone with only sporadic, pre-recorded updates from home.<br /><br />-The Budget<br />I appreciate small-budget films, but this is beyond small. The film gets absoltuely kitschy in some of the moon scenes, where Sam's harvester-rover-things are very obviously scale models. Now I love models, I still love seeing them in Star Wars, but there's no illusion here. It's terribly obvious in many scenes that you're watching a five-dollar remote control car with some cardboard taped onto it, and the film is slowed down a bit so it has a low gravity effect. This isn't just low-budget, it's art-house no-budget, but without the art-house soul. The budget didn't prevent the team from contantly inserting orange-and-blue lens flares in all the action scenes, something I'm utterly tired of seeing in Sci-Fi productions. The moon is not orange and blue.<br /><br />-The Acting<br />Sam Rockwell plays the character Sam Bell, who acts just like Sam Rockwell. I feel like I'm tuning in to a \\"Who's the Boss\\" re-run with Tony Danza playing Tony. Or was it Danza? I always mix those up. Many people have applauded Sam (Rockwell) for his acting here, and I just don't get it. There's barely a drop of acting in sight. Sam (Rockwell) doesn't portray any growth, as the limit of the emotions that he expresses ranges from \\"tired\\" to \\"Sam Rockwell\\". All of the \\"acting\\" in this film can be chalked up to how much fresh coffee was avaiable when a scene was filmed. And seriously, Sam Rock-Well plays \\"Sam Bell\\"? I feel insulted.<br /><br />-The Implausibility<br />The movie spans a three-year timeframe on a facility that's harvesting all of the world's energy- why are there no inspection teams milling about? The movie revolves around this one man not being able to talk to the outside world- how is the one man responsible for Earth's power not checked up on a little more frequently? Every major element of the movie is paper-thin, whether it's from a scientific or a dramatic standpoint.<br /><br />-The Twist<br />No spoilers, but the twist has no logical, financial, scienticfic, or other plausible explanation except to fulfill the \\"Big Evil Megacorporation\\" stereotype. The twist makes for rousing on-screen tension, but it doesn't stand up to one second of scientific thought- much like the rest of the plotting.<br /><br />-The Forcedness<br />The movie ends (non-spoiler) with news figures from Earth spewing various claims about events in the movie. If you didn't get the impression from the entire bulk of the movie, the director really wants you to talk about this film. The only thing missing is a title card at the end that should read, \\"Please turn to the nearest person the the theater and discuss the social issues this movie touched on. Signed, The Director.\\" I didn't feel intrigued by this ending, I just felt insulted- again.<br /><br />-Closing Remarks<br />I love small-budget psychological films, and I love Sci-Fi, but I never got into this movie. Sam Rockwell doesn't act, the low-budget effects just come off as cheap, and I found more plot holes than plot. I'll give this film 2/10 for having the guts to use practical effects in places where most modern Sci-Fi would resort to CGI, but that's about it. It's not unwatchable, but it's not the marvel that the critical community has made it out to be.found more plot holes than plot. I'll give this film 2/10 for having the guts to use practical effects in places where most modern Sci-Fi would resort to CGI, but that's about it. It's not unwatchable, but it's not the marvel that the critical community has made it out to be.
B0034G4OVS|3.0|When finishing looking at this movie...the special features are a must see, as they<br />show you where they filmed and the winter storms that they had while filming and<br />they also answer some of the questions you get when watching this film.<br />  The actors/actress were only ok ...but the script is to be blamed here.<br />I dont mind watching them though the movie sitting on that chairlift...but if as<br />per the special features they had lots of bad winter weather happening during filming, i would have taught that some of those blizzard scenes could have been<br />edited in the film to give the audience the feeling of snow and cold...but looking<br />at the film, there were minimun scenes of bad weather. Sure we saw the snow come<br />down.....but it really felt like snowmachine snow instead of the real thing.<br />Anyway...entertaining film...that could have been much more with better direction.
1405304677|5.0|Very helpful book if you want to learn and teach how to tie knots. It is shows every step with pictures and written instructions.
0812975219|2.0|I have to say, this is a book that has great content, but it is told in such a condescending fashion that it's a real turn-off.  There were actually times that I couldn't read any further because the tone was so smug.  It's too bad, because there are some real gems of knowledge in this book.  I would recommend this if you truly have an interest in randomness and trends, but the delivery is appalling.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|Well guys and gals, if you are looking for a wireless headset with built in mic for playing games on your xbox or for watching movies and TV while your family is sleeping.  Then look no further.  Installation and setup is simple.  Sound is crisp and incredible.  microphone works great too and is sensitive.  I have my system rigged up as follows:  XBox360 is HDMI to my Samsung Plasma TV.  From there I run the optical out from the TV into the the optical input of the EarForce X41.  Then from the X41 optical output to my Samsung DVD surround sound system.  This works out great, so that I can run the X41's without the stereo on.  Or run them both in tandem.  If you dont have fancy optical audio, you can still run the old fashion red and white RCA connectors; but honestly.  You are wasting your time and money if you are looking for  5.1 surround sound in your ears.  I always wondered how it was that guys could hear me coming while playing Modern Warfare 2, until I put this set of headphones on.  I can hear a pin drop in that game now!  Also, the wireless (RF) range is great.  I can be playing in the living room and walk into the kitchen and still hear whats going on.  The only draw back is batteries.  So get yourself some rechargeable AAA's to swap back and forth.  You can get a few weeks of playing in before swapping them out.  Pretty good if you ask me.  Needless to say, after a month of using them, I am not disappointed.
B0006B29Z2|5.0|I have never seen iron maiden concerts from the early days and it is unbelievable how awesome they sound. The concert was from early 80s but the video and audio quality is awesome. The sound is as good as Metallica's Binge and Purge Seattle DVD. The performance is simply awesome. I thought Cliff Burton is the best metal bass player, now I am torn between cliff and harris.
B0011Z5CV0|2.0|I bought this wanting something that my baby could use to make musical sounds. Unfortunately, it is useless for this purpose. The buttons to make music are so difficult to press that even I have problems with it. My baby is very frustrated with it, as she knows that it should make music (she's seen me press the buttons) but she can't figure out how to make it work herself. So for her, this is just a stuffed animal. While it's price would be fine if she could actually work it, it's very overpriced for a stuffed elephant. I love my other Lamaze toys, but this one is disappointing.
1560100842|3.0|I agree with some of the negative reviews about this book. I was actually surprised it was rated so highly. Don't get me wrong, it's an ok book, but a large majority of the book covers character design or talks about things other than actual animation. The previous reviewer was absolutely correct that there really isn't much info on animation in this book. There is some good beginning info here, especially on the walk/run cycles, and some decent info on character reactions and stuff.   Also, most of the animation is geared towards very \\"cartoony\\" animation like Bugs Bunny and that kind of thing, which is of course great, but many people want to do more realistic animations of people walking, talking, moving, etc. and this book doesn't really provide much of that.   It's not a bad book, but if you've already got books on character design or drawing cartoons, then this book isn't going to be much help.
0307454541|5.0|The book was great - covering everything there is - love, sex, money, murder, deceit and just plan life in the political spotlight.
0143143492|5.0|Every single word of this great work rings true for me. Thank you so much Eckhart.
B003NX75B8|2.0|For some people, the foul language and touchy topics might be no big deal.  It was a big turnoff to me.
B003DT19F0|5.0|We love this movie. My daughter wants to watch it every day. It's the best one of Tinker Bell.
B000F1IQNM|4.0|My daughter loves the Nanny McPhee movies, we saw the second one prior to the first one - now she is hooked!
1601252463|5.0|Nicely written, has tons of new features.  I believe it was best said in another review that this does not contain 6 new classes, it contains 90+ new classes.  + Feats +Spells +Some new rules(Not all that exciting of rules in my opinion but still, some of them are well worth the time to look over.)    The book is the quality I've come to expect from Paizo, good heavy pages, and content = to 2 or so 4th edition DnD books.  Worth every penny!    If you play pathfinder, this is not a must have.  It's a can't live without!
1416955070|5.0|I absolutely love this book and the two that follow it. They are fantastic! I can't wait till the fourth book comes out! I bought this book at Sam's Club and i could not put it down. I had to beg my mom to take me back to the store so i could get the second book, even though we had already ordered it. I think Cassandra Clare is an amazing writer. I can't wait to read anything else she writes ( i have already read everything that is currently out that she has written).
0765326353|5.0|Haha, I'm somewhat kidding about my title. However, the action parts are similar to the Final Fantasy system of Materia (where each type of materia has a certain aspect and you can equip it into your armor/weapons to enhance them, *cough* shardblades and shardplate). I mention Megaman because well...the people in shard gear reminds me of Zero from that series >_<    Anyway, if you like epic fantasy, then read this. What else are you going to do while you wait for the new WoT book, or the GRRM series. Heck, even Patrick Rothfuss is stuck in a rut and isn't releasing his book anytime soon.     Sanderson is awesome, he releases his books fairly consistently and even though his style of writing isn't as grand as the others mentioned earlier, he gets the job done. Besides, it's about the story, isn't it? And the book isn't sluggish or anything. When you reach the end, you'll want to tear your hair out because you'll have to wait another year+ to get the next installment.    With that said, *tears out hair*!!!!!!!!
157421327X|5.0|Because I could not choose, I bought all three of the Zentangle books by Suzanne McNeill. And Totally Tangled by Sandy Steen Bartholomew (see my review there) as well..    I like them all.    As other reviewers already stated, each of the Zentangle series books can be used on its own. But if you would like to begin at the beginning, the basics book is best.     I do not agree with the reviewer who said that Zentangle 2 is almost a repetition of Zentangle Basics. This is simply not true. The very basics of Zentangling are summarised in Z2, but this is a kind gesture for those who do not own both books.     Z1 gives you 24 designs - plus simple variations, such as reversing black and white, which gives the pattern a completely different look -, Z2 repeats four of them, and adds 25 more - also with variations -, as it promises. So, if you buy them both, you will have 49 different patterns.    Some reviewers complain that the books contain so few pages. True. But the techniques are so simple that I feel that adding extra pages would only fill out the book, without adding substance. There is no waste of space in these books, so I feel that you do get value for money: lots and lots of patterns to try out for yourself, and to experiment further with.    If you really do not want to buy all three of them, it does not matter very much which book you choose, as the basic steps are repeated shortly in vols 2 and 3.     If I really had to pick one favourite, perhaps I would choose vol. 3. This book focuses a tiny bit more on how to incorporate the patterns into your own drawings, with a whole page of spectacularly zentangled flowers. Really mouthwatering for anyone who loves doodling. Books 1 and 2 are slightly more basic, but the difference is small.    If you are a greedy person, like me, and seeing 20 patterns just makes you want to see MORE, then do buy all three of them.    Good luck! I hope my review will help you pick and choose!
B0007MWZEK|4.0|I really enjoy this product.  It is light weight; goes from tile to carpet without having to change from one position to another; it holds it's charge well; it goes around chair legs and under tables easily; it picks up most anything I've ever had on the floor.    It was easy to assemble also.
0671510991|4.0|My son needed this book for school and with the price and quick delivery Amazon comes through again.
B001MYIXAC|5.0|\\"The best vampire thriller on the planet.Nothing beats it.And always remember.... LET THE RIGHT ONE IN.\\"-Annie Marley,13,Lubbock,Texas 79404
0525951652|5.0|As any of other of Mr. Follett's, I thoroughly enjoyed \\"Fall of Giants\\" and am looking forward to the next in this planned series. I am somewhat dismayed by the number of people on here ranking the book 1 star just because they feel the electronic Kindle price is too high.  The review should not be about the price of the book - it should be about the contents of the book and the story. As in all of his books, he does a great job a building relationships and struggles and those are the stories I like the most. I think it would be safe to say if you have enjoyed his other historical novels, you will not be disappointed with this one. That's what a review should say - not that the price is too high.
1439181780|5.0|The Power has changed my life. This book is magic. Be grateful and be loving and happy and you can have the world. Simple and free. This is \\"the\\" best book i ever read and everyone should have one.  It can change the world!
B003EYVXSW|2.0|Anyone giving this movie high marks must be a paid review or hasn't seen too many movies. Now putting all the ethics, don't play God, don't mess with Mother Nature high horse preachy stuff aside let's review the movie and not the message.<br /><br />If it wasn't for the high dollar special effects the quality of the acting and script would be worthy of a SyFy Channel Original B movie. The script was so full of holes and dead-ends that even my 'I don't like sci-fi-thriller-horrors movies' wife was laughing throughout this film. The concept for the movie was great and had tons of possibilities but failed to deliver. Oscar winner Adrien Brody (Clive) even failed to deliver a quality performance and Sarah Polley (Elsa) couldn't act her way out of a wet paper bag. Both the characters: Clive and Elsa were two of the most unintentionally dysfunctional people I've seen in a while, working for a large research lab named N.E.R.D. to synthesize new proteins, chemicals, or something for drugs by splicing DNA and making new critters, but you never splice human DNA or do you? That's the premise of the movie... Frankenstein meets Ed Wood.<br /><br />****MAJOR SPOILER BELOW...****<br /><br />Not that you could spoil such a really predictable movie, but you've been told.<br /><br />First for a couple of many story problems - Throughout the movie Clive keeps referring to some issue Elsa has with her dead mother but while this seems to be a important part of the movie and Elsa character development it is never reveled what these issues are or what her mother did, no back story, no flashback, nothing - we are left to guess what this big piece of the puzzle might be.<br /><br />Now briefly on Fred and Ginger two flesh tone land living sea slug cucumber looking things that they designed and made/created - they had both male and female thing and they were all lovey dovey in the lab then later while they showed a big room full of scientist, investors and other in the need to know, Ginger had changed into a male and when they exposed Fred I and Fred II (formerly Ginger) to each other and you guessed it there was a big flesh-tone-land-living-sea-slug-cucumber looking thing fight in front of all these people and somehow these two small dog size creatures can in their struggle create enough force to bust several bolts loose from the floor holding there cage causing it to tip over and splatter enough blood on the members of the audience to fill a elephant. Which again predictably the audience flees as if King Kong broke free. Neither of these two noted great scientist can explain how this happened to the labs bosses - never mind the fact anyone with the Discovery Channel would know there are real lifeforms (fish, frogs, invertebrates) that can change there sex completely, but these two geniuses are clueless to this fact. OK. But not to worry it's not their fault it's the stock Shemp inept brother of Clive who didn't notice the sex change of this land living sea slug, Ginger.<br /><br />I ask in this day and age how many high tech science labs are devoid of nearly all surveillance cameras? Zero that's how many... but yet Clive and Elsa can sneak Dren (the creature played by Delphine Chan&eacute;ac) out of the place unseen and unrecorded - OK I'll let that slide. I'll even let all of the massive damage to the lab and high tech equipment by Dren go unanswered by Clive and Elsa to the stereotypical money grubbing bosses. However, as the movies moves along Clive goes from wanting to kill Dren as he suddenly developed morals ethics completely absent before all the way to being seduced by Dren and having sex with her as Dren saw Elsa and Clive having sex earlier, but ever so predictably Else walks in while they are getting it on to which Clive goes back to their house to explain - well Elsa sets stewing and the argument last... oh about 30 seconds. On what planet do you get caught screwing around and the fight about it last 30 seconds? Better yet screwing aroundwith some lab created potpourri of DNA? Yeah right! Elsa goes from the I want to be a mother, my clock is ticking to Mommy Dearest in 0.1 seconds and now wanting to kill Dren (perhaps this was Elsa's Mommy issues). Did I mention... Dren found a cat and loved the cat but Elsa takes the cat away stating we don't always get what we want (like a good movie) then feeling bad from her issues in unanswered childhood returns the cat to Dren, but Dren is mad at Elsa and kills the cat with her stinger tail and then try's to kill Elsa with her tail stinger thing and Elsa decides to cut it off only after completely stripping Dren nude for ever reason. Oh yeah the gratuitous nude shot of Dren's tiny breast. Well Dren who has gone through a few rapid metamorphoses already (eyes, legs, arms, aqua lung, wings  but not vocal cords go figure) is now seemingly sick and seemingly dies well with 30-40 minutes left in the movie you know it's not dead. So they bury her behind the barn they were hiding her in - suddenly evil male boss shows up wanting to see it - as Clive's predictably inept brother spills the beans and the boss claims it's the companies property - guess what Dren is not dead and has pulled a Ginger and changed into a male comes up out of the ground and gargoyle like flies from atop the barn and starts killing all the males there which is left unanswered for the rest of the movie - guess it was murder covered up by N.E.R.D. (the name of the lab). Well now Dren takes off and Clive and Elsa go hunting it in the forest and it's always a cliche foggy, smokey dark forest - Dren who has DNA from Elsa catches her in the forest and rapes her... see in movies - men are seduced and women are raped it's in the script in some sort of self incest violation and as you'd expect Clive shows up and tries to kill Dren who as you'd expect grew back it's stinger (duh) and kills Clive... well Elsa now grabs a big rock and smashes Dren's head in we think... you never see the dead Dren. So back at the lab other evil female boss offers Else a bunch of money to keep quite as some compound the lab was needing was created by Elsa from Dren's blood/fluid earlier that will save the lab from closure. Elsa signs the agreement and then stands up and you guessed it she is pregnant, but with who's seed Clive or Dren? Do I smell a Splice II? Yes I think I do and it's sure to be worse than the first.<br /><br />****END SPOILER****<br /><br />I left out a few parts so I don't completely ruin it for you but the major points are hit - needless to say that the movie is predictable from start to finish nothing really new here, but in all fairness we enjoyed the movie it was fun to watch, not scary, not really original (man plays God bad things happen plot line), lots of dead ends story lines, undeveloped characters and cliche's, but watchable at least once. Fortunately for me I rented it for only a $1.50 - if I had paid $10-$15 to see it in the theater I'd feel ripped off, so I'm giving it two stars... one for the special effects which were decent and one for not completely wasting my time by providing a few absurd laughs. It's nothing I'll be adding to my collection unless I find it really, really cheap. Watchable, just rent it before you decide to buy or skip it you'll not be missing much.lsa goes from the I want to be a mother, my clock is ticking to Mommy Dearest in 0.1 seconds and now wanting to kill Dren (perhaps this was Elsa's Mommy issues). Did I mention... Dren found a cat and loved the cat but Elsa takes the cat away stating we don't always get what we want (like a good movie) then feeling bad from her issues in unanswered childhood returns the cat to Dren, but Dren is mad at Elsa and kills the cat with her stinger tail and then try's to kill Elsa with her tail stinger thing and Elsa decides to cut it off only after completely stripping Dren nude for ever reason. Oh yeah the gratuitous nude shot of Dren's tiny breast. Well Dren who has gone through a few rapid metamorphoses already (eyes, legs, arms, aqua lung, wings  but not vocal cords go figure) is now seemingly sick and seemingly dies well with 30-40 minutes left in the movie you know it's not dead. So they bury her behind the barn they were hiding her in - suddenly evil male boss shows up wanting to see it - as Clive's predictably inept brother spills the beans and the boss claims it's the companies property - guess what Dren is not dead and has pulled a Ginger and changed into a male comes up out of the ground and gargoyle like flies from atop the barn and starts killing all the males there which is left unanswered for the rest of the movie - guess it was murder covered up by N.E.R.D. (the name of the lab). Well now Dren takes off and Clive and Elsa go hunting it in the forest and it's always a cliche foggy, smokey dark forest - Dren who has DNA from Elsa catches her in the forest and rapes her... see in movies - men are seduced and women are raped it's in the script in some sort of self incest violation and as you'd expect Clive shows up and tries to kill Dren who as you'd expect grew back it's stinger (duh) and kills Clive... well Elsa now grabs a big rock and smashes Dren's head in we think... you never see the dead Dren. So back at the lab other evil female boss offers Else a bunchof money to keep quite as some compound the lab was needing was created by Elsa from Dren's blood/fluid earlier that will save the lab from closure. Elsa signs the agreement and then stands up and you guessed it she is pregnant, but with who's seed Clive or Dren? Do I smell a Splice II? Yes I think I do and it's sure to be worse than the first.    ****END SPOILER****    I left out a few parts so I don't completely ruin it for you but the major points are hit - needless to say that the movie is predictable from start to finish nothing really new here, but in all fairness we enjoyed the movie it was fun to watch, not scary, not really original (man plays God bad things happen plot line), lots of dead ends story lines, undeveloped characters and cliche's, but watchable at least once. Fortunately for me I rented it for only a $1.50 - if I had paid $10-$15 to see it in the theater I'd feel ripped off, so I'm giving it two stars... one for the special effects which were decent and one for not completely wasting my time by providing a few absurd laughs. It's nothing I'll be adding to my collection unless I find it really, really cheap. Watchable, just rent it before you decide to buy or skip it you'll not be missing much.
B001J4E1D8|1.0|The story of Tess is interesting but I was dissappointed by the need to add so much sex to the piece.  I therefore do not recommend this for family viewing.      I own many BBC literary classics and although some have sexual reference, I've never run across one like this.  I love the book and the story by Hardy I just wish BBC had a more family friendly version.  The earlier version of Tess done in the 90's is a little better in this regard but still not family film.      Bottom line...I wouldn't recommend it.
0312600844|2.0|I definitely feel as though I must have missed something along the way. Although the writing is often very good, it too frequently lapses into gratuitous and vulgar descriptions that just seem unnecessary.The dialogue seems particularly difficult to believe as it does not seem to capture very plausible human interactions.     The biggest issue for me, by far, is that the characters do not seem real and fully developed.  They make choices that don't seem to have a large enough context that allows the reader to fully appreciate what led them to that choice. It was difficult for me to really LIKE any of these self absorbed and annoying people.  They all seem to spin within their own respective universes and they all just end up using each other. They're simply not very believable.      This book is way too long considering how little it has to say. I'm  disappointed in all the hype as it really does not seem to be warranted. If this is the best we can do in terms of literature, it seems that we have truly lowered the bar.
B003ZK58WM|1.0|No matter how good the book may be, pricing the ebook higher than the hardcover just makes no sense at all.  We really need to send the publishers a message that we will not participate in this ridiculous pricing scheme.    The publisher has every right to price their books the way they want, and consumers have the right to not buy them.  We must really exercise that right in this case.    When you buy the hardcover book, you have the ability to loan the book to others, and most importantly you can resale the book (or donate it to a library) when you are done.  With an ebook, these rights are taken away, so the publisher is asking us to pay more for the privilege of not actually owning the book (we can only license an ebook not own it).  The publisher actually maintains the right and ability to remove the ebook from your Kindle any time they want.    Pricing and ebook license like this is bad for consumers and will ultimately be bad for the publishers.
B003Y8YXH6|4.0|With the benefit of hindsight, this record doesn't represent Lennon's strongest work. That being said, knowing what transpired shortly after Double Fantasy's release, it's also undeniably poignant. Yes, Ono's milked that catalogue for all it's worth. The acoustic hodgepodge released a few years ago was icky and lifeless. Jeez, she just rereleased Walls and Bridges a couple of years ago! But this stripped down idea for DF works. With the unfortunate 80's production filtered out, these songs come to life. As she's alluded to in related interviews, JL's voice sounds great. Jack Douglas didn't do Lennon any favors in the production department. The studio superstars assembled as Lennon/Ono's band don't swing. The playing is perfect and tentative. The late Tom T-Bone Wolk said the best part of The Beatles work for him was Paul McCartneys out-of-tune bass playing. Nothing's out of tune on Double Fantasy. But if nothing else, DF gave the world Lennon's last great rock single(Starting Over,) and last sublime love song(Woman.) Not bad. Now, if Ono would just assemble all of the Lennon songs from those sessions(the balance released as Milk and Honey,)you would have a fitting swan song for the songwriter and artist who left so many masterpieces behind him.
B0036EH3WK|3.0|The LOST series was an expensive purchase for us.  Not because of the $200 price of the Blu-Ray disks.  Not because of the [[ASIN:B002EEP3MK OPPO BDP-83 Blu-ray Disc Player with SACD, DVD-Audio, and VRS Technology]] player we needed to purchase in order to play them.  It was because we could not connect our Oppo to our (old-style) HDTV, so we had to get a new (54\\") monitor, and to get that mounted, with surround, remote, etc., ended up costing some serious money.  It also took time to pick out the ideal monitor, get installation scheduled, etc.  Needless to say, we were very excited to experience my wife's all-time favorite TV series with all-new technology.    Instead of a wonderful experience, we were were subjected to the outrage of an unskippable commercial for...LOST--The Blu Ray edition.  What kind of IDIOT would force somebody who just paid $200 for the full box set to sit through spoiler after spoiler after spoiler of a series whose whole point is mystery and revelation?  Moreover, what kind of IDIOT would crank up the volume on that promotion to full-on USED CAR SALESMAN SCREAMING?  The ad volume was louder than the airplane explosion, for heaven's sake!  And with a program volume that was totally reasonable for late-night viewing, the stupid ad was so loud that it woke up our child (which meant we had to wait even longer to try out this new purchase).    Yes, the quality of Blu Ray is amazing.  Yes the production values of the series itself are fantastic.  But if anybody in Hollywood is reading this: please think of your audience first.  Everything about the first five minutes of the first DVD was wrong, and for that I deduct two stars, because every time I think about this product I think about my disbelief, disappointment, and the extraordinary inconvenience of compensating for the IDIOCY of those responsible for the final authoring of this disc.
0634022296|5.0|The chords provided sound very similar if not exactly like the chords used in the songs.  It would have been helpful to have the finger picking patterns.  This is by far the best Beatles chord book I have come across.  It would make a great gift for the guitar playing Beatles fan.
0793563836|5.0|There seem to be two types of bass guitarists out there: (1) those who just want to learn songs and play gigs with other song-learners, and (2) those who want to learn music and play gigs with other musicians. This book is for the latter group. If you want to learn music, learn to read standard music notation. If you just want to learn songs, learn to read tabs. Learning songs is pretty easy--everybody and his brother did that with folk guitar in the '60s. We didn't have tabs back then, but for each song we just learned \\"how it went\\" and memorized the finger patterns. Tab is pretty much the same concept, except for melody, too. (You still have to know how the song \\"goes,\\" though, because you can't read note durations with tabs.) But if you want to be a pro musician and play with other pro musicians and a leader who hands you a chart and says: \\"Okay, lets do this one . . . except in Db,\\" then you want to learn standard music notation. Ed Friedland's books teach you to be that kind of musician.
B000641Z90|1.0|I was so excited to receive the Phil Collins DVD!  Doesn't work.  Gost like images playing a fantastic show.  Not excited any more.
0316069485|2.0|I work in the justice system and like a lot of us, I'm a great fan of Connelly and Bosch.  This one, however, just didn't make it for me.  Too little Bosch, too much Haller, to the detriment of both.  It's like MC put this one on autopilot and set it to \\"barely readable\\".  Hope Harry's back in full form for the next one.
0553805371|5.0|This is a great read, (or two), which discusses some difficult scientific information in understandable terms. It is a look into the world of scientific discovery and the processes which lead to the discovery. Based upon convincing evidence and factual models the reader is guided through the natural workings of the cosmos in it's many possible forms. Whether you are a Creationist, Intelligent Design advocate, Atheist or inquisitive person you will find this book to be an answer to many of the questions which we ask about how we got here.
0525951652|4.0|I come here to check and the reviews and was shocked to see the rating. The only reason this book has a low rating is because of whiny e-readers. Here is an idea for you go to the library, buy a used copy, or go cry some more. Don't disrespect a good book and its author because you are really care more about technology than actual reading & books. Oh if only we could do reviews about e-readers. Please go away and let real readers review. You simply are annoying and hope all publishers begin to up prices on all virtual books.   Oh and this book is good. If you are a fan of Pillars of the Earth, you will enjoy this book. Follett has produced another epic novel and can't wait for the sequels.
0553381407|3.0|Issue with advice on Confrontation: It really depends on an individual basis. You can not make a blanket statement like that. Usually you already know your parents very well.  Most often I think, especially cases for NPD (Narcissistic Personality Disorder) parents, you CAN NOT confront because it just doesn't work--they always think they are right and everyone else is wrong.  Everything will be thrown back at your face and their rage will turn on instantly from the off position and the verbal/emotional abuse will surface again.  It is better to just minimize contact (I usually limit conversations on the phone to non-personal matters--taking care of business, between 5-15 minutes), don't share too much personal information with them about your life, and be respectful (like you do to a stranger at the supermarket) in your interactions.  I also don't visit her, and when she comes, it has to be a transit stop for her (meaning she is on the way to visit someone else like her mother), and we limit her stay with us (our territory) to one night only.  I haven't seen her for a few years and don't plan to in the near future, but our conversations on the phone are mostly 5 minutes.  It is very hard to let go, and sometimes memories still creep up on me, but my husband always tells me to just FOCUS on what we have now and our future together, and not on the painful past. I'm an adult now and no longer under her thumb, so MINIMIZE the emotional connection & interactions but no need to cut the cord. Let it go, and go on with your life by reading lots of self-help books, and be the best person you can be.  Don't dwell on it because it just draws you down. That's just my personal experience.
B003ZDZ1WG|5.0|If you're tired of the same ol' country sound, you need look no further than The Band Perry to find something new. The sibling trio brings a freshness to the country music scene that I haven't truly appreciated since I first heard Jamey Johnson and Miranda Lambert.  Simply put this is an incredible example of original music. The strongest track is by far one of the most sad songs released in several years. If \\"If I Die Young\\" doesn't give you goose bumps, you should probably check your pulse.  It's heartwrenching. Listening to this CD will most likely make you cry, laugh and dance. To me, that's a CD worth buying!  I believe The Band Perry will be around for a very long time.
1400064287|5.0|This book successfully dissects the psychology behind effective marketing and makes it digestible to any novice or expert alike. The lessons of this book are so widespread that they can be applied to getting your new idea out there for an upcoming product, becoming a better and more interesting teacher, writing more persuasively,and to even just understanding the consumer gimmicks being thrown at you every day. I highly recommend you stick to picking up a copy on your way home because once you do you'll have trouble getting yourself unglued from this intriguing read.
B003FSTN5C|5.0|GREAT DVD of a GREAT show. Liked the extras that they included in the set.
0312600844|1.0|Bought this book because of all the hype and that it was an Oprah selection. I  won't make that mistake again.  Like several other reviewers, I kept hoping it would get better so I did finish reading all of it, painfully.  It never got better.  It was such an unreal story with unlikeable characters who did not talk like normal people talk.  Don't waste your time!
B00000JCEC|5.0|Es un muy buen lbum con las colaboraciones de Tom Petty y Jeff Lynne que adems participa en la produccin de algunos temas. Recomendable para los fans de la Electric Light Orchestra.
B0024FAR5M|5.0|This dvd set was perfect!!! SOA is an awesome show and I am very glad to finally have season 1 in my hands!!! Great price, fast shipping!!! All around a wonderful experience!!!
B003ZK58WM|2.0|Refuse to pay $20.  I put my name on a waiting list and borrowed it from the local library.  It was a 7-day rental. Needless to say, I was too busy to read it all in a week and had to return it or pay .50 a day.  They did put my name back on a waiting list.
B000A6T1JU|5.0|I was a kid when the movie came out. It was awesome then & it's still awesome today ! ~ I ordered the video game for my adult nephew who liked the movie. Great movie with behind the sences interviews with the director & actors.
B000Q6GX5Y|4.0|Great movie. The picture quality of the blu ray was not as good as others ive seen.
0765342294|5.0|I thoroughly enjoyed this book, the entire series actually, and found it thought provoking.  It's not, however, a children's book, I ran across it while searching Amazon for books suitable for an 8 year old, and this was on the list. Definitely not something I would read to my son, or let him read, at this age!
B003NWS5AO|5.0|The more I listen to Band of Joy the more I love it.  Robert's voice is way back to his smoldering, intense, sexy, hotness a la Led Zep days.  His band members have become \\"one\\" with him and upon listening to many live shows (especially at the Bowery Ballroom in NYC) they are sounding better and better and morphing into this insanely intense creation of perfection that is so Robert. It's like Robert sings and they all blend and stream into him whether vocally or instrumentally and it's NEVER forced.  Whoever has not checked this record out, please do. The two songs \\"Silver Rider\\" and \\"Monkey\\" are so sexy and dark that you can almost hear Alice in Chains or Pink Floyd in them. And every other song is just as amazing.
B00007GZR5|5.0|I love this movie. Having recently lost someone quite dear to me (my husband's mother), I can only think of the movie's ending. Truth is evasive and perhaps impossible to find. Love is eternal and I so like the ending to this tale.
B002VWNIAY|5.0|No need to rehash the plot. Bogart's cool in this movie transcends time. Set against the backdrop of WW II we have a three dimensional nuanced (yes, I know the negative connotations for dummies) portrayal of the evils of those times.  Good Germans? Could this film be re-made today? Good Muslims? There would be spectacular explosions, special effects, and Ilsa would show more skin. I dunno. Some people like heavy handed broad brush strokes. May we live in interesting times.
143350393X|4.0|I chose my title because that was the first thing I thought when I opened my package. I work for a company specializing in study Bibles and this one is the biggest and heaviest I have come across in a while. I was looking for a Bible that I could both take to church as well as use at home and I have not taken it to church once. Definitely for at-home study, not carrying about. I have not gotten all the way through it, but have been looking for defects referred to by other reviewers. So far I haven't found any. I have been told that the first print run of this Bible was the one with the problems and that they have been replacing all defective copies without question.<br /><br />Love the look of this version. Love the colors and feel of the cover. Full of information, notes and articles. The type is pretty light and/or \\"thin\\" so it might not be the best for people with poor eyesight or in low light conditions. Definitely for serious STUDENTS of the Word who want to increase their Biblical knowledge and understanding.
B003UYUR10|3.0|Here's my pet peeve with video game adaptations...they hardly ever stick to the script of the game! A lot of video games nowadays have well thought out story lines and play out like movies. God of War 3, Red Dead Redemption, Uncharted just to name a few. So my question is, why do writers/directors essentially throw all that out and start from scratch? It's a waste of good material and often adds up to crappy movies. *cough* Silent Hill, Final Fantasy, Resident Evil *cough*    Prince of Persia isn't a bad movie...but I certainly wouldn't say it's a good movie. Obviously, it pretty much dismisses the entire premise of the video game, which upsets me, but I was able to stifle that until the credits. What I saw was just kinda...so-so. The action scenes were good, not great. The love story seemed forced, \\"Oh I hate you right now...okay now I love you.\\" And the worst part of all, the Dagger of Time is barely used! I think he used it once to stop her from trying to stab him and then another time he used it to kill snakes. Wow. Seriously? Besides the Delorean, the Dagger of Time is one of the coolest time traveling devices ever and it's used more as a parlor trick than an actual plot point. Which, in the game, it was a very crucial plot point.    Then there was all the added fluff. I get it, Disney wants to appeal to children. But Ostrich races? Come on! There were other instances where it seemed like they were just looking to fill 2 hours. Like how they escaped the city and then wandered aimlessly through the desert and were like \\"Okay, let's go back to the city now.\\" I don't know...it just seemed like the whole plot could have been tightened up...but maybe that's just me.    Anyways, I apologize for rambling. I just get peeved when I see my favorite video games turned into lackluster movies. If they pull this crap with Halo, I'm seriously gonna be pissed.
0553805371|4.0|I have just finished the Grand Design and I have mixed feelings about it. It does answer the questions posed in the beginning, but does so in a very brief and compressed form. Chapters 1 through 7 do not tell anything new (especially compared to the myriads of other books on physics out there) but are still fun to read. Chapter 8 is where the answers are supposed to be given, however, as I said before, it is way too short, and most of it is dedicated to Conway's Game of Life - which is, again, fun to read, but somehow I felt that answers to such complex and universal questions should be a bit longer.<br /><br />Overall, this is a great introduction to modern physics written in a simple yet accessible manner. If you want a deeper dive into this amazing world, I'd suggest reading one of Brian Greene's books - either Fabric of the Cosmos or The Elegant Universe.
