030746363X|5.0|I always enjoy reading Tim's work from around the web as well as in print. As an owner of The Four Hour Work Week and reader of his blog, I was very much looking forward to this book; it exceeded my expectations. Tim writes in the style he has mastered so well with a fun tone that makes it feel less like many books in the same category, and yet is still more informative than most. The topics covered, the theories posited, and evidence given along with thought-provoking ideas for self-experimentation and growth make this a fun and useful read. I've already attained a copy for a friend, I enjoyed it so much.    Keep it up, Tim. I look forward to reading more!
B003UYV08E|4.0|Good movie. Don't analyze and take it too seriously. After all he's a comic book character. Just enjoy.  Don Cheadle did a much better job in playing the colonel than Terrence Howard did in the first Iron Man movie.
030746363X|5.0|I was intrigued by the idea of finding the most efficient ways of tackling common physical goals, such as weight loss, strength building, improving sex, etc. Lots of people write books that detail long, arduous ways of attaining these goals. So what, I am not looking to have 3% bodyfat or a 500 lb deadlift. I want to be fairly strong, with solid endurance, and 10% less bodyfat than I have now. Tim's book has tons of strategies that he (and his test subjects) found to be effective AND efficient. I am a big fan of taking a claim and testing it for myself. This is what Tim's book has done for you. I have read it virtually cover to cover, skipping from section to section. I have used a legume-free version of his slow carb diet in the past to lose 30 lbs in 5 months with no calorie counting or excessive exercising. I also had blood work done and all my LDL/triglycerides were low and HDLs high, despite eating a fair amount of red meat (although I do avoid really fatty meat on a regular basis). In conclusion, there is really something in this book for everyone, you won't regret buying it.
B001GCUO5M|1.0|The movie is good then you get one hour and some minutes into it and it goes downhill and becomes obvious with all the circles it goes in,flashbacks TO WWII to some self Righteous Talk about how bad commies were treated(No they were not, They had due process in the 50s) to realizing half way what a bad idea this story has become and then Thanking God when it is over and that I didn't pay to see it,A good movie Wasted down the tubes when it unravels.
B004HYDL1K|1.0|This is a chessy movie with some big names. Jessica and Michelle are hot as hell as usual but thats about it. very disappointed. 1 3/4 hours I will never get back. Watch at your own risk
076781214X|3.0|I am not a huge fan of Francis Ford Coppola nor Nicholas Cage or Kathleen Turner or Helen Hunt but I found the movie worth watching and sad at times especially touching,I like how she meets all her relatives from the past that have passed on sadly,and the different era it goes back to it,although I hate when the Mom says she will vote \\"democrat\\"(Huge mistake)and that annoying Kerouac Quoting beatnik hippy kid. And Nicholas Cage's Annoying voice for the Part,but the movie is not Bad Overall a trip back in time to simpler time for most and those who did not have the chance to witness those times.
030746363X|5.0|I am a cancer survivor who has struggled with several issues while trying to reclaim my pre-cancer life, not the least of which was the use of huge steroids to combat the cancer cells.  Of course I gained weight like mad.  I have been searching for a smart and straightforward diet which would help me attain my goals without being an hour by hour minute by minute chore.  Fortunately for me, just before the Holidays, The 4 Hour Body hit the \\"book shelves!\\"  Besides Tim Ferriss' easy to read writing style, he crafted the book in a way the reader could just get the details necessary to successfully follow the diet,(my case) or if one wants to know all the thought and science behind the process, Mr. Ferriss provides that as well!    I studied the pages Ferriss said I needed to know before starting the diet, developed a plan, and began the diet.  Over the past three weeks not only have I lost just over 20 pounds, but I have gone back to the book and read more about the diet, and even slowly added more advanced weight shedding techniques.    If you care less how the car works and just want to go for a ride, or are a frustrated mechanic who wants to be able to name every part in the machine, this book is for you.  If you think you can't do a diet alone, relax, Ferriss' writing style style and attitude makes it seem as though he is right there with you doing air squats in the loo before dinner!    By the way Tim, eggs made with Ghee, Thanks!
B000T5O48U|5.0|St.Bernards never had it so bad!they later get the rep restored in Beethoven but we all know that A St.Bernard can take on a FORD Gremlin or similar and just as Ugly and badly engineered AMC Pacer,Thank God the Gremlin didn't catch fire from the Impact.This movie probably makes most tree-Hugging APSCA/PETA Members Cringe at the sight of a Rabid Rabies infested Crazed Dog who attacks the Family but it's just a movie and a Classic One at That.Cats are better anyway.
1596912863|5.0|I am a real Jane Austen fan and throughly loved this book.  For those who enjoy reading about that day and age, I guarantee they will find this book worth reading.
B001N1DPDE|3.0|After reading through all of the reviews I purchased this with high hopes. I have used it enough for most of the coating to come off of the middle portion of the blade. I have cut some food and build lots of fires, and I have to say that this knife is a beast. I can not imagine a situation where a person could break this knife even if they were trying. The cutting edge works fine, but it is so thick that it has considerable drag when passing through things which is not helped by the rough texture of the coating. This seems like more of a pry bar with an edge than a knife. It will hack through just about anything that is 5 and a half inches in width. Every time that I use this knife I can't help but pound fallen trees and think of myself as a gladiator of the wilderness. I Just don't use it for very many practical tasks because it is so wide and heavy. I usually leave this one behind and use one of my more practical knives. I think that this knife is a machete or cleaver trapped in a knife's body. I give this knife three stars because it is too heavy and the sheath that comes with it connects to your belt with a cheap piece of nylon webbing that does not inspire confidence. At the end of the day, the best knife in the world is the one you have with you when you need it, and this is just too impractical for me to haul around. I could carry three other knives that would weigh the same combined as the this one alone, and I am not going to be cutting up any apples or carving wooden spoons with this knife.
B000059H98|5.0|This is very toned down from the Tank Girl comics but is still super fun.  The musical number in the middle of the movie is my favorite part.
0618154248|4.0|Nice little set of board books.  Sturdy for little ones. They were very small and had their own holder but was disappointed when I saw that they weren't full size books. My fault, as I assume I missed that in the description.
B00127RAJY|4.0|By production I mean DVD production only. The workouts and film production therein are great.   Unfortunately DVD is designed like a typical movie with commercials.   They disabled navigation to skip thru commercials and intros so you need to sit thru quite a bit of 'fat' to get to the 'meat'. But if you put in the DVD and use that time to get your shoes on and your dumbells out, you will have time for a big sip of water before the menu comes on. As for the effectiveness, I defer to the other reviews but intense old school is how I would describe. Definitely wear shoes for this one since there are cardio segments. I would suggest low weight (3lbs) dumbells since a lot of the exercises are combos but maybe keep a set of heavier ones handy too for switching out. If you got carpet, you can skip the mat too. All in all, a GREAT set of short-no-nonsense workouts for the price. This is from 2007 but I would consider a classic. I dont travel for work anymore but this would be great for that too. Most rooms have players these days or you can usually get one at the desk. The dumbells are light enuf to be practically optional and you need minimal floorspace for the routines.
030746363X|5.0|After buying the book, I see the entire subject matter doesn't apply to my lifestyle. What I do find great is how much one chapter can change your attitude or lifestyle. I find the author's subject matter and writing style very interesting.
B001TH8UUA|5.0|Finally, an affordable HDMI cable.  Amazon has recognized that the HDMI signal is a digital signal and not analog.  What's the difference? Read below.    DIGITAL signals only have to get to their destination, that's the theory behind digital signals, it arrives or it doesn't, its either on or off.  Therefore thick insulation and exotic wires, boasted by many leading brands, is not as important.  Your biggest decision in choosing an HDMI cable should be which version to get [...] it is important to get the correct version as there is a difference between 1.0 and 1.4.  Including new features that will benefit users with the respective equipment, see your users manual to verify the version of HDMI cable you need.     ANALOG cables are thicker, having more insulation, and made from thicker or more exotic materials to prevent the signal from degrading while in transit.  This is important! Another multiplying factor in signal quality is the length of the run, the longer the cable run the greater the chance for the signal to degrade.  If your receiving equipment doesn't take in a high quality analog signal the end product will most likely be inferior.    Bottom line: if you feel like you need the high end cables, feel free to buy them and show them off to your friends.  Don't get mad when they laugh at how much you spent.  Your digital signal will get there just the same as those who spent much much less.  Maybe your fiscally savvy friends will invite you over to watch the new movies they were able to buy with the saved money.
030746363X|5.0|I've been following Tim Ferriss' blog for a while now to glean the diet and exercise tips from his posts.  I pre-ordered the 4-Hour Body back in November and let me tell you it was worth the wait! My husband and I have been following the diet, supplement and exercise strategies for the last two weeks and we can really see and feel the dramatic improvements he is talking about.  The AGG and PAGG stacks really kicked things into gear and I feel that my immune system has benefited from them as well, though that hasn't been claimed in the book.  We were already following a low carb diet, exercising and taking various supplements before Tim's book came along, but the ultimate body remained elusive.  When I think of the thousands of hours of exercising over a lifetime and the mediocre results... Well, I'm just glad Tim put it all together for us so I can finally have a hot body at age 47.    Someone at work had complimented me on my new jeans last week. I said \\"These aren't new jeans, it's my new [...] with the kettlebell swings twenty minutes a week!\\"  That was after only 3 workouts (and of course the diet and stacks)!  Needless to say she is excited about getting started on the program. I am proud to be a walking advertisement for Tim's book, though I am not yet where I want to be, it is a short time away from being my new reality.    I think most women undervalue putting on muscle. They just want to be without excess fat. We keep overtraining the new muscle away and not eating enough properly timed protien.  It feels like everyday I am seeing more definition somewhere on my body. I thought that I had a strong core with the yoga that I've been doing the last couple of years, but I just didn't know how much better it could be.    Do yourself a favor and change your life with this book!  I read it from cover to cover because it is filled with cutting edge information and Tim's writing style is very entertaining which makes it an excellent read.  Thank you Tim Ferriss!
030746363X|5.0|Absolutely fantastic piece of work! I've been excited about this book for months and now that I've finally got it in my hands it has totally exceeded my expectations. Not only have I already read the book more than 2 times I also bought 10 copies and gave them to all my friends and family!<br /><br />Cannot recommend this highly enough. Buy it. It will change your life.
B001LF347E|5.0|I LOVE THIS SHOW!!! it is awesome I wish the second and third season were out in the US already!! This was very affordable too for a tv show season!! All in all I would recommend this show to anyone the cast is hysterical and amazing even the commentary had me rolling with laughter.  Buy this it is GREAT!!
030746363X|5.0|I just recently bought this book for myself. I've been reading it and have just started putting it into practice - I've been on the Slow Carb Diet for a week and am already seeing results and feeling great. I'm eager to start putting the rest of the wealth of information in this book to good use!
B00447G29S|1.0|This is a good movie, but if you want 3-D do NOT buy the 2004 version. It has the RED/BLUE glasses. I'm holding out for the newest 3-D version when and if the price comes down.
0525951652|4.0|Almost on the level of \\"Pillars\\" (\\"World Without...\\" follow up, was not quite up to snuff) and \\"A Place Called Freedon\\"...two great novels, probably because the vast majority of us have limited knowledge of those periods (and slip right into the historical parts easily) vs. that of \\"Giant\\" WW1 and later.    To those stuck on the historical correctness stuffs, I say chill out, kick back-light up a Lucky, don't buy the next two books in the series...and keep in mind that this was an extremely prejudiced era. For you Kindle complainers...get back to building a real library!    I look forward to installment #2 of the trilogy.
B000KKPN5C|5.0|This is a simple flash to use instead of the pop up flash.  My indoor pictures look better than before with just using the pop-up flash.  It is small, light weight and easy to use.  The Nikon SB400 is inexpensive compared to other Nikon flashes and a perfect flash for those new to using DSLR camera.
030746363X|5.0|I read the whole book and can say it's a must have. It contains maaany experiments so we don't have to do them. buy it, get ripped!
030746363X|5.0|I was hooked after reading The 4-Hour Work Week and preordered this book based solely on how good the first one was.  I was completely right.  I sat down after getting The 4-Hour Body to just look it over and 2 hours later I was still reading.  It really does have a chapter for everyone and from the few that I've had a chance to implement the results were as advertised.    If you don't get anything else out of the book you'll at least get educated more about your body and what it can do.  Highly recommended reading.
B00006879E|1.0|I ordered this c.d Dec 7th and it is now Jan 9th and I still have not received it.  It was supposed to be a Christmas present.  I have not heard anything back from the company I ordered it from, I would like my money back!
B003JTHESA|1.0|I would actually give this album a 7 out of 10 if it had a different singer. Michael Kiske comes to mind.......Anyway.....Listening to Bruce on this album is beyond painful. He is completely and totally unaware of his own vocal limitaions. In his mind, he still sings like he's in his 20's. It's like he or anybody else for that matter cant hear the horribleness coming out of his mouth. Or maybe, because he's Bruce Dickinson, people are afraid to tell him he sounds horrible. Oh man he's gonna keep on singing until he's 90 years old and he'll still think he can hit great high notes! Nobody could possibly expect him to sing as well as he did 20 or more years ago. That just couldnt be possible. The human voice just isnt meant to last forever. But what I am saying is that he should just admit his own vocal limitaions and sing accordingly. he CAN still sing very well....when he's not aiming for notes that are well beyond his range.
B000002GZ1|5.0|Mike bloomfield elvin bishop two great blues musicians or guitar players anyways what a great blues album blues with a feeling is my favorite song they do a good job on elmore james shake your money maker this is 5 stars and if you love the blues buy this and east and west i rate them both 5 stars great blues tracks and mike bloomfield is one of the best blues musicians ever he plays from the heart
0439023513|2.0|This book was sooo depressing yet I couldn't put it down. I think that's the only reason Why I am giving it 2 Stars instead of one. I fell in love with Katniss and Peeta in book one. I had so much good things imagined for them. Their life has never been easy and it continues to be like that throughout the whole book. I was expecting a moment of happiness but I never got one. The last two pages were suppose to be the most positive yet I felt cold and angry. Angry at the fact that Boggs, Finnick, and Prim died. There's soo much death and blood it hurts to read. I hated Gale for what he had created in the moment I thought I was beginning to love him. I hated Peeta because he was so mean and violent. I hated Katniss for just living like a vegetable. I wish she would have had the strength to go out and fight and end Snow. I'm sorry I just really loved these books. I cried and laughed every moment with Katniss and Peeta, it hurts to see the book end like this. I will however, still respect Ms. Collins ending. She made me love her characters and hate them at the same time. Her books will always remain in my heart.
B00004Y6O9|5.0|This is the best and my favorite album by van halen eruption makes my hair stand on the back of my neck eddie van halen is one the best guitar players ever and he shows it with that masterpiece talkin about love is rockin the whole album is great trust me if you like guitar and like to rock get this eddie and the whole band is one of the best
030746363X|4.0|Upfront I am a fan of Ferriss. I have not implemented all suggestions, but working on it. Some of it I am skeptical. Where I am not is on the Slow-Carb issue.     I don't expect 100% of this to be right, but focus on what is important to you and work on it. Lots of ideas, but if there is no execution then this book is useless.     But I admire the basic premise of trying to do the maximum with the minimum/most efficient effort. Surprised that he did not talk about the Tabata method for exercising, which is along similar lines.     But if you are looking to improve different aspects of your life this is recommended a tool/guideline, even partial. Will it change your life overnight? Of course not.     But get going and it could help.
B00005AREQ|5.0|What a great instrumental guitar album this is i suggest if you play guitar every guitarists should have this and wired in their collection its a huge influence to me i love the guitar work on because we ended as lovers he tears it up on this album this is a classic
0743289692|5.0|I got recommendation for this book from a friend that promised me I would not stop reading it. And indeed, I did not stop listen to it (books-on-tape). It is great story of a child and a woman that live in different culture, Somalia, Ethiopia, Kenya, and Saudi, as a child and experienced Islam first hand.She then emigrated to The Netherlands and to the US. I do like to hear the voice of Ayaan reading her own words.
030746363X|5.0|I found \\"The Four Hour Body\\" a fascinating and enlightening read.  Tim tells it like it is.  He lets us know that most of the people we have regarded as authorities(ie doctors, fitness professionals) have been lying to us all our lives.  You don't have to work out 3 hours a day to have a nice body.  More isn't always better.  Sometimes shortcuts to work (read the chapter on hacking the NFL combine).  If you can take just a couple of his tips and make them work for you you will be better for it.  I truly feel this book has something for everyone.  I wish people would read the book before posting reviews clearly showing they did not.
B000W93CHC|5.0|I really was tentative about reading this book...it was soooo big... not really an 'epic' reader. I have not read this author before... first time. But once I started the book, I couldn't put it down!!! The characters, plots and subplots kept me fascinated!! I thought about the characters even when I wasn't reading the book... couldn't wait to find out what happened to them all.<br />I LOVED this book, it's history, I felt like I was living in the middle ages!!! Highly recommended book. Great characters. You will love it!!
030746363X|5.0|I'm testing the various methods highlighted throughout this book, but in less than a month I've already seen some very impressive results.  I'm noticeably stronger, have a lot more energy, and generally feel better. I can't wait to see the end result.    Thanks Tim!
B0033B5XCS|5.0|I've been a big Krueger fan since this series started in the 80's.  When I found this collection on Amazon and saw the price I thought \\"no way! 8 movies for around $30 bucks, whats the catch?!\\" I thought for sure these were going to be bootlegged version, but no! Its the original films. I would say a must have for any scary movie buff!
B004CURZFC|4.0|While this is more or less a children's movie, it is worthwhile to watch for all ages. I think younger children will have a hard time understanding some of the overall story of good vs evil, but I don't think the movie is so dark that children shouldn't see it either as some others have said in their reviews. The animations for the film are about as good as they get and really make the film stand out. The only downside to this film is that adults will watch it and feel kind of like they are watching a simplified children's version of Lord of the Rings, only with owls.
B002ZG981E|5.0|Wow!  what a refreshing movie to stand out among the mundane predictable movies that have been consistently rolling out onto the market over the last few years.  First of all, this is a great concept that everyone has talked about at some point.  Everyone knows someone who was started off a conversation with \\"I had the weirdest dream last night.\\"  The cast is fantastic and Leo DiCaprio has never been greater in my opinion.  The idea of not only being in a dream but sharing it with others is such a fascinating view on what we as people experience nearly every night of our lives.  Christopher Nolan (director) does a great job of getting the cast to explain how the manipulation within the dream works and the complexity keeps you watching closely throughout the entire two and a half hours.  I've never been the person to suggest that a soundtrack can make or break a movie but the score by Hans Zimmer is nothing short of fantastic.  This is the only move I've ever seen where the music had me completely engulfed into the action and resulted in multiple instances of goosebumps.  I will say, however, that the movie leaves me with questions and a few instances of inconsistency, mainly dealing with the age of the characters in different dream levels and the idea of a \\"kick.\\"  You will know what I mean when you watch. Basically this is an absolute MUST SEE movie even if you hate fictional movies.
B004HYDL1K|3.0|I have mixed feelings about this movie.<br /><br />It still has its grindhouse theme so it feels somewhat cheesy, but it was intentionally made to be that way, similar to previous grindhouse movies. Danny Trejo does a pretty good job with the part and is fun to watch, as is Steven Seagal. He does a poor job of playing a mexican, but hes a old action star from the 80's and 90's so its still amusing to see him now.<br /><br />The overall storyline is ok, but two things are so cheesy they are comical. One is how every girl falls all over Machete like they have never seen a man before and the other is the fighting between the mexican's and the so called american freedom fighters protecting the border. Its almost like they took the real news of today and made a parody out of it for the movie which is why it can be hilarious at times.<br /><br />Robert Deniro, Cheech Marin, and Don Johnson played their parts well. Lindsay Lohan was funny because she was basically playing herself. Ive never found Michelle Rodriguez that attractive in the past, but she really stood out in this movie with her part occasionally standing out more than Machete. Jessica Alba's part was both good and bad. Shes talented and great looking, but watching her fall all over Machete just didn't fit her.<br /><br />If you go into this movie expecting a somewhat cheesy action flick with a grindhouse theme you will probably be satisfied. If you expect more you wont like this movie.
1416594795|5.0|Prof. Dawkins presents an undeniable argument for evolutions, and he does it masterfully. I understand the topic of this book is not for everyone. . .but it should be.
B0046U4KG0|4.0|Karate Kid was a good movie overall, but left me still wondering why it was remade when it was over. The movie mostly matches the original in basic story even if the new version is in China.<br /><br />On the good side, the technology of today makes some of the scenes more realistic, especially the fights, but it still felt like something was missing in this movie when compared to the old one, as if they thought using today's technology would somehow make a better movie which seems to be a normal problem with modern remakes.<br /><br />Jaden Smith does a decent job with the role, but it felt like the character was a little too young. Maybe that's because I grew up watching Daniel Larusso who was supposed to be about 17 or 18 in the original. The love story is better in the new movie and was mostly a afterthought in the original, as was Jaden's relationship with his mother compared to Daniel's. The original movie focused mostly on the main plot, while the new movie attempted to branch off a bit to get a little more involved with other characters.<br /><br />Jackie Chan does a pretty good job with the part, but, again, it just cant compete with Pat Morita as Mr. Miyagi. The boy who plays the antagonist in this movie does a good job of making you hate him, similar to the original.<br /><br />The only part of the movie that seemed to defy reality a bit was the final fight scene. When Daniel Larusso did the crane technique in the original movie it was believable, but when Jaden Smith does the complete flip to kick the other kid down I was thinking no way. It just wasn't believable to me.<br /><br />This movie is worth seeing, but fans of the original will still walk away with a slightly sour taste afterwards.
1593080778|5.0|I owed it to myself to read the text which has influenced my life so profoundly. I fell in love with biology at my first year in college. I have been amazed by the beauty of perfect balancing act of nature since that time. Natural selection is more beautiful than anything I could ever fathom. Reading the text put me into the mindset of Darwin at the time when this idea was so much more controversial than I could ever imagine.
B000SGRONM|5.0|If you are a David Sedaris fan then this book is for you. It is a collection of Christmas stories about his family and working as an Elf.
B003H9MSPG|5.0|My son is 14 years old and loves this!   I thought it would be too young for him, but he has really enjoyed this!
B000EWD1KK|5.0|Loosely based upon James Thurber's short story.  It is said Thurber did not like the script, rewrote portions of the script, but those rewrites never saw the silver (actually color) screen.  The original story could have probably been done in thirty minutes.  This production, however, more or less, encapsulates the original story within a larger story involving Naxis and the realistic possibilites of murder and torture. The film works well as a post WWII comedy starring Danny Kaye complete with a happy ending and is, indeed an enjoyable watch.  (Read the amusing short story also.)  The picture and sound was fine.  I still prefer this film to the new one.
B00005N6KG|4.0|I been a big fan of these headphones from way back when they used to come with the sony walkman cassette players .<br />I Honestly tried to use the earbuds that came with my Iphone , but they keep falling out !<br />Also I wear them at work so if I need to her what is going on around me or have a quick conversation I can quickly drop them down around my neck.<br />They sound great!  and you dont look like your wearing headphones because they are black . I highly recommend !
0792839749|5.0|My grandkids in California are enjoying this video very much. Their mother had seen the movie when she was a child. I am happy that they can sing together the movie's beautiful songs many more times.
0800141660|5.0|Although the Pride and prejudice tv series with Colin Firth and Jenifer Ehle impressed me, I have to admit that my favorite adaptation of a Jane Austen novel remains Emma Thompson's and Ang Lee's Sense and Sensibility.<br /><br />This movie is an adaptation of Jane Austen's first novel in which three sisters, named Elinor, Marianne, Margaret, and their mother have to move out of their home and relocate in a small cottage, due to the death of their father whose house has become the property of their brother-in-law and of his avaricious wife. At the same time, Elinor and Marianne both fall in love with gentlemen, played by Alan Rickman, Hugh Grant and Greg Wise, (who became in real life the husband of Emma Thompson herself) and whose lives are not what they seem to be.<br /><br />As I don't want to reveal too much of the plot, I just want to say that what really impressed me was how Ang Lee managed to keep his direction very simple. There are no useless close-ups, no overbearing music and no over acting with his actors. Instead, he just lets them interpret their roles in the most subtlest way. And, unlike certain Jane Austen adaptations, Ang Lee doesn't use flashbacks to explain incidents that occur in the past or to enrich the character's dialogues. Instead, he just lets the actors speak and explain what happened. Finally, Ang Lee's shots look just like asian paintings and add details that were not included in the novel, but enhance the context of the british society in Jane Austen's novel, such as the grand ball which instead of occurring in a big room, happens through different rooms, each divided by a certain social status.<br /><br />As for Emma Thompson's very funny script, she manages to condense the novel's plot in two hours, with such efficiency that she doesn't lose any of the important elements of the story. Not only that, she also gives room to certain characters like Margaret, and even enriches the story with scenes that never occurred in the book, like the discussion between Elinor and Edward in the library as they manage to get Margaret out of her hiding spot. The scene is so funny and believable in its dialogue that you really think that it was in the book, which was something that a professor, or a viewer I'm not too sure, told Emma Thompson and her producer, something they both revealed in the commentaries on the DVD.<br /><br />Speaking of special features, I loved the details and information that Emma Thompson and her producer gave in their commentaries, some of which were also noted in the production diaries of the movie. You get to learn more about the movie 's production and also on her work as screenwriter and all the modifications she had to do to transpose the novel into a movie.<br /><br />Finally, there is, in the special features, an excerpt from the Golden Globes ceremony in 1996, during which Emma Thompson received a prize and did a great speech, imagining what Jane Austen would have said if she had been at that ceremony.<br /><br />In the end, I don't think the movie would have been as successful and as funny if Emma Thopmson and Ang Lee had not been working on this movie, which really deserved its Oscar for best scriptwriting, Golden Globe, and golden bear at the Berlin film festival.inor and Edward in the library as they manage to get Margaret out of her hiding spot. The scene is so funny and believable in its dialogue that you really think that it was in the book, which was something that a professor, or a viewer I'm not too sure, told Emma Thompson and her producer, something they both revealed in the commentaries on the DVD.    Speaking of special features, I loved the details and information that Emma Thompson and her producer gave in their commentaries, some of which were also noted in the production diaries of the movie. You get to learn more about the movie 's production and also on her work as screenwriter and all the modifications she had to do to transpose the novel into a movie.    Finally, there is, in the special features, an excerpt from the Golden Globes ceremony in 1996, during which Emma Thompson received a prize and did a great speech, imagining what Jane Austen would have said if she had been at that ceremony.    In the end, I don't think the movie would have been as successful and as funny if Emma Thopmson and Ang Lee had not been working on this movie, which really deserved its Oscar for best scriptwriting, Golden Globe, and golden bear at the Berlin film festival.
0618154248|5.0|Was bought for a 4 year old niece, very nice set of books! They were sturdy and easy for her to handle, and yes, read:) I recommend getting the Curious George puppet as well, she loved being able to read about George while holding him!
0061122416|2.0|The omen is all there in the foreword, is there any real artist who's impressed because Julia Roberts read their book? I don't think so. But I stuck with my Personal Legend and finished the Alchemist, and I was greatly disappointed. I thought when you pursue a book that takes alchemy seriously with all your heart and open your mind to the journey filled with cliches and gibberishes the forces of the universe are conspiring to make it interesting and worthwhile for you. But apparently, unlike the majority of readers, I don't speak the Language of the World and therefore couldn't understand the Soul of the Universe. If you don't know what I just wrote, it's ok, me neither, these capitalized pretentious mumbo jumbos filled the pages of this book.    Spoiler alert from this point    As I read the last sentence of the epilogue, like the boy who found out home is where the treasure is, I found out that the wisdom is there all along before I read this book. The Alchemy offers no new discovery or enjoyment. Follow your dream, listen to your heart, enjoy the adventures of the journey. These cliched themes are repeatedly thrown at you throughout the novel in a not-so-subtle manner.     The worst part is the ending where the alchemist actually turned lead into gold and the boy's treasure was actually lots of gold coins. Am I supposed to be impressed? People say you shouldn't take this literally, the gold treasure should be interpreted as something else. Yea? Wouldn't something else be better than actual gold? Even the image of the boy returning to the church empty-handed but with lots of experiences to tell and enjoying being the shepherd once again under the night sky is still better.    I only gave this book 2 stars because I thought the simplistic 12-year-old writing style makes it effortless to move through. The book's lack of style actually compensates for its lack of substance.
B0044XV3R8|5.0|Despite questioning my choice after reading several of the negative reviews, I am very happy with my purchase. I have no problems with the sleeves the DVD's are located in. I like that they are all in one place as well as the images and quotes in the package. I do not feel it detracted from the movie to have to change the DVD's after the first half was complete. My husband did say that it is not nearly as exciting without the 3D effects, but as I did not see it in the theater, I had nothing to compare it to. We enjoyed watching all of the additional footage as well.
030746363X|4.0|There is a lot of great interesting self-experiments in this and it addresses topics of universal interest -- weight loss, muscle gain, becoming stronger. Even if you already know a lot about these, you will learn something new.
B0000032LS|5.0|I've owned this Soundtrack for a while now and recently decided to buy one for my best friend. I love the bonus tracks at the end. The time warp is a FAVE in my house. XD  If you loved the movie you'll love the CD.
030746363X|4.0|This book is remarkable for its out of the box approach to health, but even more interesting if you read it as a study of the author. I write books also, and I'm sure that my fiction reveals a great deal about me and my emotional landscape. One doesn't expect non-fiction to provide the same revelations, but this book does.<br /><br />Why would anyone want to have a peek inside the mind of Tim Ferriss? Probably because he's one of the most successful entrepreneurs of our time. I'm waiting for the Ferriss version of \\"The Social Network\\"...Aaron Sorkin, are you reading this?
B002QW7AJY|4.0|I've had this film in my wish list for quite some time, and I decided to finally buy it. I was skeptical about this movie based on reviews that I read here on Amazon, but I was pleasantly surprised by how well done this movie actually is. Most reviewers have discussed the plot, so I'm not going to recite the storyline. The acting was pretty good. My only complaint about the film was some of the unnecessary hand-to-hand combat sequences and how the characters were not fully developed. Other than that it was definitely worth watching, and it is quite scary. I had that anxious \\"someone watching me/looking over my shoulder\\" feeling after the film ended, and, for a horror movie lover, it does not happen often. If you haven't seen it and are a fan of sci-fi/horror, then buy it. You won't be disappointed.
1439156816|5.0|Whatever genre it is you're writing this book is very helpful. King is wonderfully concise and clear with his rules and philosophies on writing, but we also get a glimpse of his own processes and the details of how his body of work played out.     For fans it's a good time. His personality, his voice as the writer we know so well, takes us through his own house this time, his morning, his Maine, his muse.    He helped me better understand some of the rules put forth in Strunk & White's 'Elements of Style' but as usual he was so much more accessible, which is his genius (and should be the goal of any writer).
030746363X|5.0|Big fan of the the 4-Hour work week.  Tim's first book helped launch me out of the executive role and 60-80 hours a week in hell to working gigs as a independent consultant.  I only have to work 3-5 days a month to cover my needs freeing up time to be with my family and to pursue my other dreams and interests.    I love Tim's straight forward no B.S. style about what is possible and that it takes less time to implement the ideas than to cry about what I dislike about my body.  A lot of the material in the 4-Hour Body is not new but Tim's zest for life makes you want to try it for a healthier you.
030746363X|4.0|I've been fortunate to have a body I'm happy with, if not proud of. Like many people, I bought this book because of The Four Hour Workweek. In reading large chunks of it, I've found a great way to get started on different workouts that already have made some difference (and this is only after a week).  At points I wish Tim would just give a list instead of a memoir... but the narratives do add to how engaging this book is - even if at times it seems haphazard. Yet for people like me who are interested in doing the least to get the most, and are new to the world of fitness science, this book is a great place to start. Have an open mind, give it a shot.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|Okay, maybe that was hyperbole, but this show was amazing.  I bought this as a gift for my Dad, who watched the whole thing in 3 days, and wants to see it again after my wife and I watch it and return it to him.  I have seen Band of Brothers and Saving Private Ryan. As the other astute reviewers have said, this is different. But it's just as good.  It makes it all perfectly clear why many Marines who served in the WWII Pacific theatre didn't regale their friends and family with \\"war stories\\". It also portrays the behavior of the Japanese military for what it was -- inexplicable and inexcusable.  I intend to read the true-story books upon which this fine program was based.
0307454541|3.0|My assessment:<br /><br />more sadism than I really like<br />excessive demands for suspension of disbelief<br />too much assumption that others are dumb
1595825045|5.0|The book is a compilation of artwork, dedication, love and hardwork from the animated series. It is divided into five chapters.. [early development]: you can see how Mike, Bryan and the team developed our main characters, the story and heaps of amazing ideas for the series along with awesome artworks, then followed by artworks and ideas from the 3 seasons which comprises 3 chapters from the book [water, earth and fire] and last but not least is the [ancillary art] where you can see the artworks they used for promotion, dvd covers and heaps more!<br /><br />I love the book, I am a huge fan of the series and all of you Avatar fans, anime fans, nick fans or anyone who has a passion for art/drawing this is a book that shouldn't be missed. Great book, awesome art!
B001C4AFOY|5.0|This is the best movie I have seen with Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend. The cinematography was very rich, the soundtrack was very BEAUTIFUL for this film; and the two main actors worked wonderfully together. I wish the movie was a little bit longer. I would have like to see all that Albert got to do with helping Queen Victoria with in her reign. This is the first movie where I really enjoyed Rupert Friend's role as Prince Albert, and Emily Blunt was especially wonderful as the young Queen.
030746363X|4.0|Tim Ferris seems to have pour out his heart and soul into this book.  The sheer size of it points to this..  In short, this is a great book if you are interested in transforming your body (whether it be losing weight, like me; or gaining mass like one of my friends).<br /><br />Pros:<br />-The methods are NON-time intensive, meaning you won't be spending an hour-a-day at the gym (I like this as I have a rather busy schedule)<br />-Large scope of advice/methodology: from diet, to supplementation, to exercise<br />-Topics outside of your area of interest may encourage fuller growth (I bought this book for weight loss, but the chapters on running and swimming have interested me in pursuing those activities)<br />-The sheer size of the book makes it double as a weight or weapon :)<br /><br />Cons:<br />-The only con about the book is confusion caused when wanting to implement more than one chapter.  Tim certainly attempts to correct for this, but I think the sheer volume of information he was sharing made it difficult to think of every detail.  For example, I read the chapter on the PAGG Stack and the chapter on testosterone.  Is is safe to combine these methods?  How would I combine it with the Slow-Carb Diet and the Binging chapters?  Now this isn't a huge problem, but it is the draw back of provided such a wide scope of information (rather than a dedicated program).  And to be honest, this isn't enough to prevent me  from recommending the book.<br /><br />Good job on the book Tim!
B004132HZS|5.0|Great viewing and storys and the pace is fast and entertaining.Great acting from both main stars and Unna Stubs is a dear.Great mystery solving stories.and Steven Moffat has done it again.
030746363X|5.0|Great book! I found his stories and studies interesting and easy to read. While it would be difficult to start using all of his techniques at once, he does break it down with where to start and how to progress from there. Even if none of the suggestions are used, I still think it is an interesting and enjoyable read. I am personally going to try some of his suggestions because with the promises made, I'll be thrilled if they work and if they don't, then I really haven't lost much.
B002ZG981E|5.0|I love this movie! The special features were actually really interesting and I even watched the movie with the director commentary and they gave interesting information about how the scenes were filmed.
0061777250|5.0|Consciousness Beyond Life goes beyond the Near Death Experience - whether you are in it for some compelling stories of NDE's, or into cutting edge developments in quantum physics and how it relates to consciousness and life after death, this is an amazing book, something for everyone.  It can be dry and hard to digest at times because it gets so deep, but the author lets you know when you can bipass a section if you not as interested in the science.
030746363X|4.0|If you are familiar with the 4 Hour Work Week, then think of this book as the sequel for your body, mind and well being. This book takes some of the best and little known diets, workout protocols and fitness tips and brings them all together and bound into one book. What it is NOT, however, is a book chalk full of new information, workout plans or crazy new diets. Thankfully, it is none of that.     I was impressed by the amount of sheer information in this book, and a lot is backed my his own scientific experiments and data and data from other subjects as well to back its credibility. It says it all in the title, \\"An Uncommon Guide...\\" so if you are looking for a different approach to your goal of either losing weight, gaining muscle, sleeping better or running a marathon, this is the resource for you.
B0042JTDXK|5.0|I am enjoying this CD so much. I have been watching them on youtube as well and I cannot wait until the video comes out so I have it all. Josh's voice soars as always. Rising from low and soulful to the heights. He wrote most of the music himself. You can't go wrong buying this CD.
B000056BOR|1.0|The case for this DVD is environmentally damaging.    The case is full of holes, is lightweight and flimsy. This of course, requires the case to be replaced with a more substantial one (with no holes) and the original case goes into a landfill.    Light can also pass through the DVD case, shortening the life of the DVD.    If a sturdier case with no holes were used this senseless waste could be avoided.    I like the movie.
030746363X|4.0|Ok, let's be serious.  Why did any man pick up the book to start with?  Yeah, THAT chapter.  Some interesting and useful tips.    All the rest was also interesting.  Ferris' writing style carries over from The Four Hour Workweek, but with a lot more details.  I will admit, though, to getting a little sleepy during some of it.    I have the Kindle edition, and I wonder if I'm missing out.  Seems like it might be formatted a little differently from the print edition - don't have any proof, it just seems that way.    All in all, I still give a hearty recommendation.
030746363X|5.0|As a busy mother of three young children and the editor of a successful website for mom entrepreneurs, I had let my health slide. I either skipped meals or over-ate, and I'd gained fifteen pounds, primarily around my middle. And exercise? The only muscles I worked were the ones in my right hand, you know - the ones that click the mouse. Between my weight gain and my sedentary blogger's lifestyle, I was starting to look a lot like SpongeBob.<br /><br />So when I heard about The 4-Hour Body and its speedy solutions to my biggest problems, my fat belly and flat butt, I couldn't wait to try it.<br /><br />At 592 surprisingly-easy-to-read pages FULL of technical information, test results, statistics, profiles, how-to's, funny anecdotes and health hacks, The 4-Hour Body is a virtual encyclopedia for those who want to redesign their body. Should you read and apply every one of the 592 pages? No, silly - just read and take action on the ones that will make the biggest impact in *your* life.<br /><br />For me, that's the Slow Carb Diet and the Perfect Posterior Workout. Just one week into slow carb eating and kettle-bell swings and I'm down seven pounds and my butt is headed north again! Yahoo!<br /><br />The 4-Hour Body's Slow Carb Diet is the perfect diet for moms because:<br /><br />- It's healthy (veggies, protein and slow carbs (beans and lentils)<br />- It's family friendly - it's really easy to prepare 4HB meals that your whole family will like (stir frys, chili, omelettes, salads, Mexican food, Thai...and more!)<br />- It's easy, even if you're super time-crunched (you can have a protein shake, cottage cheese or hardboiled eggs for breakfast)<br />- The once-weekly cheat day is highly motivating (this has been the only \\"diet\\" I've stuck with for more than a few days)<br />- It's effective! (hello, 7 pounds in 7 days?)<br /><br />The 4-Hour Body's Perfect Posterior Workout is the perfect workout for moms because:<br /><br />- You only need one piece of equipment - a kettle bell!<br />- It takes just 30 minutes or so to do (15 minutes or so, twice a week)<br />- It works your entire nether region - stomach, butt and every part of your legs!<br />- It's FUN!<br />- It's effective! (my flat butt is firmer after just TWO kettle bell workouts!)<br /><br />If you're a busy mom (that's redundant, isn't it? LOL.) looking to lose weight and get in shape, The 4-Hour Body is all you need.<br /><br />Tim, The 4-Hour Body wins The Mogul Mom Seal of Approval. :Do, twice a week)  - It works your entire nether region - stomach, butt and every part of your legs!  - It's FUN!  - It's effective! (my flat butt is firmer after just TWO kettle bell workouts!)    If you're a busy mom (that's redundant, isn't it? LOL.) looking to lose weight and get in shape, The 4-Hour Body is all you need.     Tim, The 4-Hour Body wins The Mogul Mom Seal of Approval. :D
142311339X|5.0|This is a fantastic book and rick Riordan never ceases to deliver when you want to read a thrilling fantasy novel. The lost hero is a great addition to his mythological writings even if it is another series I cannot wait to see how he continues to incorporate the characters to his world renowned lightning thief series. The main character Jason is much more than the average kid with amnesia he is yet another big three child which was a huge shock considering it meant that Zeus and broken his oath not once but twice. It was most enjoyable to sit back and watch as Jason complex and very eventful life unfolds before your eyes. It was a completely different experience to know as much about the main characters life as they did and it takes a significant amount of skill to slowly feed his history to him as well as us without making it seem as if the main character actually knew more than we did at any point in the story. The romantic situation of Jason and piper is as heart pumping and exciting as that of his last two characters Percy and Annabeth. Throughout the entire book you feel for piper since all the things she thinks has happened between her and Jason are all a false reality. Rick Roirdan's magic number must be three because it is the perfect number of main characters for him to have in any of his novels the bond that Leo Jason and piper share is very much the same but also very different form that on Percy Annabeth and Grover. I can't wait to read the next book and see how the romance between Jason and piper, the friendship of Jason piper and Leo, and the recollection of the history which Jason has lost, all plays out. I only wish that rick Riordan was only writing one series at a time so that I could read the second book even sooner.
B003U0AHBO|5.0|This is one good movie that stars Russell Crowe, Cate Blanchett, William Hurt, Max Von Sydow, and on top of all that, it is directed by Ridley Scott. With that combination who could lose. It has action, a little romance, and the rising of a hero to break the chains of tyranny on a nation in the 12th century.
B002VPE1OS|4.0|Screen protectors can always be a bit tricky to put on and if you don't do them right there will be bubbles, but I got this one on with no trouble & not bubbles.. Great price as well! This is quality product & I definitely recommend buying it. The higher priced ones are always better! This one may be cheap as far as price goes, but it works as well as the more expensive ones!
B0001GMIOE|5.0|In the past I have purchased the offbrand (made in China) batteries for Canon cameras.    They did not last very long, and did not fit in the camera properly.    Well worth the additional cost.
B002ZG994U|5.0|I had this movie on my Amazon wishlist for Christmas and was happy when I opened it Christmas day. I was on the fence about how much I would like this movie since I loved watching the TV show as a kid, but I really like a lot of the actors in it...so I thought it would be worth a watch. My husband and I were both very surprised because it is actually a really good movie. We laughed a lot and I enjoyed the laid back action packed story line. If you just want to watch a fun action movie then this is a good choice!
030746363X|5.0|The diet section is working wonders for me. I have lost 17 lbs since Dec 20. I started out by just changing my breakfast and lunch diet. Who knew that food boredom could be so exciting.
0877180121|3.0|This book will be used for a 3 3/4 year old girl and later on for her brother when he is old enough to start playing the piano.  The content of the book is gearned for very small children, but I am always afraid that they tear the flimsy pages.  Why aren't the pages made out of cardboard or thicker paper, like in my other song books for toddlers, so their little fingers can turn the pages without having to worry that they rip them?  This alone could become a discouragement.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|My father was with the Air Corps engineers building the Kadena air strip on Okinawa.  He landed several days after the battle on the beach.  It was obvious how hard the battle was by the carnage and debris he saw remaining on the beach.  I have seen many movies and Television shows such as Combat that covered the war in Europe but not much that covered the Pacific, other than Naval battles.  I never had any idea of the conditions these men had to fight in.  They not only battled the Japanese but severe environmental conditions.  I didn't mind the romantic scenes as some people did.  I think they showed that these men were human beings, not war machines.  They had personal lives they wanted to go back to, but were incredibly brave in defending their country.  I had my father watch this series after I did.  He was there.  He loved the movies.
0316098337|3.0|I won't rehash the plot of Room; I'm imagine anyone who wants to know the plot already does. I'll just say the novel is a mediocre execution of a great premise. The pacing is off; at times it's slow to the point of tedious, but then certain dramatic scenes are rushed. The child narrator's language is also problematic; he uses a distracting mix of unidiomatic syntax and sophisticated vocabulary and thought. Certainly, living in isolation would cause developmental problems, but he learned language from his mother and television, so I didn't quite believe his extremely idiosyncratic phrasing--especially not the occasional British expressions. I would have been willing to play along and chalk up his language to his unique conditions, if it had been consistent; however, there are lapses where he sounds fairly normal.<br /><br />Despite the dark subject, I would call this a light read. Whether due to the child's perspective or the lack of verisimilitude or simply the book's brevity, \\"Room\\" doesn't pack the emotional wallop you might expect from such a story. I wouldn't recommend it for a classroom or book club, as it doesn't provide enough substance for analysis; at best it offers some lightweight social commentary on how wasteful and hurried American culture is.<br /><br />These complaints aside, I basically enjoyed \\"Room\\" and would recommend it as an entertaining way to spend an afternoon.<br /><br />Edited for this afterthought:  Part of the tension in \\"Room\\" is created by the child's perspective; he describes things he doesn't always understand, and we, the adult readers, figure out the subtext or significance. A book that uses this strategy more effectively is [[ASIN:1400032717 The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time]]. If you enjoyed \\"Room,\\" I highly recommend Mark Haddon's gripping murder mystery, told from the perspective of an autistic teen.
031603973X|5.0|Even adults will enjoy this pop-up book. The intricate design and surprise elements are wonderful. Any Dicken's collector would love this as a gift!
B0045L0D4I|5.0|As a Mom, I am always listening to the music my children love and I am hyper-vigilant when it comes to lyrics.  This album is by far the best!  I have no worries whatsoever abuot the language used or subject matter and I LOVE the show myself, too!  These gentlemen have proven that tweens CAN BE ENTERTAINED without being subjected to the ills of the modern world...parents can too, for that matter!  You will not be disappointed in this album and I hope these young boys go far!  Way to go BTR!
B003YOZNBU|4.0|It was okay but with all the hype put out about this movie it was a bit of a let down when I actually saw it.  I would have hoped for a lot more.
B000F9RB9Y|4.0|hi to all i bought this blu-ray from amazon.com as you can no longer buy it in the u.k.? it's been discontinued for some inexplicable reason, however i own a u.k. playstation 3 and thought i'd risk trying the american version and all is good it works perfect received it in spot on condition, prayed it would play and it did :)  I read a few reviews before buying as i have seen and owned this before on vhs dvd etc so wanted the best transfer of the film currently avail, its an excellent blu-ray for the age of the film (1984) some sound changes from the original are a bit dissapointing particularly when you see arnie's view (from inside his head looking out) i really loved the orig sound effect for this part but im being fussy so do not let that discourage you from buying an essential sci-fi classic.  hope that helps u guys and gals...
030746363X|5.0|The Four Hour Body by Tim Ferriss is a great book for hardcore fitness freaks and also anyone who wants to improve their body. This is a take action type of book instead of a novel. Do not try to read this book cover to cover. Read the section that intrigues your interest and act on it! Get this book right now and improve your life and health.
B002ZG98UA|3.0|If you run any movie series long enough, you will run it into the ground. I am a big fan of the first and third films. As a sequel, this movie gets points for picking up where the last one left off, no \\"Halloween 3\\" here. Milla (Alice) and her newly discovered clones are going to go to Japan and go underground to kill and bunch of uninfected humans still conducting experiments. This would have been a great movie in itself, showing her getting across the Pacific, battling the dead with her superhuman powers. They could have made the third movie all over again, except in Japan with new humans. Alas this is not the movie they did, but instead it all happened in the first few minutes.<br /><br />The movie starts off with a brief narrative, then uses a few quick flashbacks to catch up any new viewers, or us old guys who forget a lot. The movie seems to have digressed into a \\"B\\" horror movie as Milla loses her superhuman powers, which was the reason why we watched these things in the first place. Now her lack of powers doesn't prevent her from fighting 13 million dead people in LA. Of course we just don't have dead people anymore. Some have become dead mole people and one guy was a huge orc/troll/Jason creature with super dead-human strength. What was that supposed to be?<br /><br />The new cast of characters are boring. The special effects were great. The script was very bad for a sequel. I felt raped.
9380028326|5.0|A refreshing presentation of a classic story. It's artistic and remains true to the author's intent. I recommend buying or giving this book to anyone that loves Dicken's \\"A Christmas Carol.\\"
030746363X|5.0|I've primarily focused on the weight loss. While I haven't been too strict following the diet I have already still lost 3 pounds in less than 2 weeks.... without once feeling hungry!! The section on the female orgasm is spot on. And I look forward to working on building muscle mass as soon as a broken bone heals.  A must for anyone interested in getting maximum results for time invested. Timothy Ferris has done it again with [[ASIN:030746363X The 4-Hour Body: An Uncommon Guide to Rapid Fat-Loss, Incredible Sex, and Becoming Superhuman]]
B002ZG980U|3.0|This movie was okay but it was over hyped on all the previews for it making me expect a much better movie.  I can only rate this as OK.
B002ZG980U|4.0|\\"Inception\\" stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Berenger, Marion Cotillard, Ellen Page, Pete Postlethwaite, Michael Caine and other top-notch cast members on a mission to enter the dream world of others, and not only interact there to the extent of extracting secrets, but to implant an idea that changes the course of the target sleeper's life by making them think they came up with the idea themselves.  This movie is a really good Sci-Fi / Fantasy genre offering, and it makes you pay attention.<br />The movie was left at PG-13, and it needed to go farther.  But with censorship what it is, to get profitability in marketing where producers want it, they throttle back what might have been one of the greatest movies of all time.  As it is, since they kept it at the milque-toast level, this movie comes off as simply being snippet copies of other films that were quilted together to make a fast buck.  Too bad.  Could have been fantastic.  The idea of the freight train in the downtown business district without a railroad track is this movie's only redemption FX, and not much else was pioneer work effort.  I'm guessing this movie needed to be about half an hour to an hour longer, but even as abbreviated as it seems to be, the movie still takes 2 hrs and 28 minutes to view.<br />Could have been better, but still pretty good IMHO.
B003ZSJ212|5.0|I think that the way this was done ought to be good. Nothin was added to the Prequiels which was after Episodes IV, V, and VI. Episodes IV, V, and VI are good Special Editions and I'll never go back to the original version of it. I have two special edition scenes that I liked in Episode VI The Fall of the Empire March where they get rid of Palpatines Statue, and the Redemption of Anikin Skywalker who looks exactly like Christian Hayden who stared in Episodes II, and III. Note Next Year in 2012 Episode I coming to theaters and Imax 3-D.
B002ZG981E|5.0|Fantastic movie done by an incredibly competent director. Christopher Nolan gets  better over and over. After the unforgettable The Dark Knight, Inception comes with such an original and impressive story combined with amazing visual effects. He is my favorite director nowadays.  Inception is beyond doubt the best movie of the year, and one the bests of the past decade.   The cast works so great together. Leo DiCaprio does a very good job, Marion Cotillard is perfect as always, Joseph Gordon-Levitt is great on scene and Tom Hardy as well.  The only thing I thought was missing in the extras of this blu-ray was an interview with the actors. That would have been nice.  I truly recommend this movie to anyone who enjoys a great ensemble and great visual effects and also appreciates a very intelligent and intriguing script.   Absolutely amazing.
030746363X|5.0|I have been using the diet and excercise outlined in this book for a month now, and I am already able to see my abs. I highly recommend this book.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|Best movie to date - love everything about this well made film and am glad that I got the extra bonus DVD with the 3 minion movies.
B004AKCME8|4.0|I liked it.  It was mostly geared towards children, with an all animal animated cast; but had a decent story line and a good flow.
B003SWNRU2|5.0|Killer riffs, awesome production, and classic Accept sound! A fantastic rocking effort from this long-time veteran band. Mark T. does a great job carrying on vocals here in his own unique Udoesque-like style. Fans will definitely feel the furious mayhem offered with renewed balls against the proverbial wall!     From start to finish, \\"Blood of Nations\\" deserves a major vote as one of the best hard & heavy rock albums of 2010. Segway right into 2011, great effort all around from Accept! All hail to these boys from Germany/keep it going! Definitely pick up this one big time!
030746363X|5.0|I'm surprised there aren't more negative reviews; Tim Ferris has entered the murky world of health science, where one report tells you A will cause you cancer, eat more B, and the other report will tell you B causes cancer, eat more A. I hoped that Tim's OCD inspired analytical and uber-pragmatic approach to life hacking would provide some clarity.    I came in with a healthy skepticism. However, as Tim has changed my life massively with the 4-Hour Work Week (I went from 75 hours working a week to -- so far -- 25 hours a week making the same income), I have decided to implement book's suggestions here and there.     ***NOTE: The author himself says this is a book where you choose one performance enhancement technique (e.g. holding your breath longer), and one body improvement technique (rapid fat loss). These \\"critics\\" that critique the whole book -- they have zero credibility in my eyes. This book is not designed to be done all at the same time. So don't try to tell us the dozen ways this book is wrong; without self experimentation yourself on each claim you're just another arm chair quarterback whose bark is worse than your bite. If you told me \\"the fat loss didn't work for me...\\" -- that would have merit.***    So me: Thus far, I have focused on the rapid fat loss. I was already athletic; I'm able to drop a 4 mile run at 7-minute mile pace without running for weeks at a time, had approximately 13% body fat (didn't own fat measuring calipers until the 3rd day). The key here is HAD 13% fat. I started the rapid fat loss suggestions on December 27th, today is January 9th. Thus far I've dropped from 211 pounds (6'4\\" tall) to 204 pounds, and I'm down to 10.7% body fat according to the fat table. Half an inch off my hips, half an inch off my waist. Look people, I was already in shape to begin with. I can only imagine how profound the changes would be for the average out of shape person.    My next step is to implement the weight gain measures; they are very similar in diet to the fat burning, so why not. Thank you Tim, if the rapid fat loss is all I get from this book, then I am an extremely, extremely happy man. Looking forward to implementation of much of the rest of the book on my way to Super Human living.
B000002B7M|4.0|I listened to this album many times (via mp3s and stuff) and it is a good album.  If you are considering buying the Blizzard of Ozz and you aren't some kid punk who thinks Mettalica or Megadeth created heavy metal this is a very good album.  Important info:  DO NOT GET THE LATER REMAKE OF THIS ALBUM, I HEARD IT WAS HORRIBLE!  Nobody should deny Ozzy Osbourne and his band's music making talent, sadly it is denied by many foolish rap lovers.  As said before The Blizzard Of Ozz is a fairly good album and worth the couple of Washingtons to pay for it.
B001D84NKQ|4.0|Great movie! I've seen it many times and had to buy it so I can watch it many more. Shipping was fast, dvd arrived in great condition.  I have no complaints whatsoever.
1440503257|5.0|I thought this book was very well-written, and the recipes sounded delicious! There were some recipes I would not even try (such as the ones using blood!) but they were interesting to read about nonetheless. Bucholz included some small history lessons with many of the recipes too, which I found fun to read about. I also enjoyed that she told the reader just where a particular recipe came to tie in with the Harry Potter series. I haven't tried anything out of this book yet, but was planning to for the DVD release of \\"Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 1\\"!
B001UV4XFG|4.0|I wasn't very happy with the second movie but this one is much better and ties up some loose ends that were left hanging in the last movie.
B004GNYGTI|5.0|This was a great action film that had drama, good story line and great actors. The ending is a good beginning for a sequel. I bet she goes after the rest of the Russian students and possibly even the school. Looking forward to part 2!
B00192IV9U|3.0|not much more to say this CD is just OK... Not the Michael I have always listened to and loved
B002ZYQV7A|5.0|Excellent.  I have given numerous folks this CD and they rave about listening enjoyment.  Forever listenable throughout the years.
B0042RUMFU|5.0|It is a totally well-made package. I simply loved it! And also my boyfriend did. It's a simple, shining and melodic christmas gift. ^^
030746363X|5.0|Tim Ferriss's new book is full of technical know-how and backed by clear and comprehensive research. I would recommend it for these reasons alone, but luckily, the source material is actually incredibly relavent and immediately useful.
0788812408|1.0|It has taken a month and I still have not received the video that I ordered. Two other videos were ordered at the same time on December 9, 2010, & they arrived well before Christmas.
B002BSHXJA|5.0|To better understand this debate, a 1987 interview with George Martin by Allan Kozinn may be helpful, which is easy to find on the internet.<br /><br />\\"GEORGE MARTIN: Yes, we were still doing different things then, but I was still working towards the compatibility, and in fact my attempts on \\"Rubber Soul\\" were to find a decent mono result from a stereo record. As you know, if you put something in the center, it comes up four dB louder in mono than it does in stereo. But if you tend to balance your things between one side and the other....And also, I was aware in those days that the majority of record players in the home were built into kind of sideboards, where the speakers were about three feet apart, and the stereo picture was a very near mono one anyway. So I exaggerated the stereo to get a clearer effect. These were experiments. It wasn't a question of rushing, I really was trying all sorts of things.\\"<br /><br />What this means is that George Martin was attempting to make a stereo recording from tracks that were meant to be mixed into mono. Sometimes the results were good and other times they were less successful.<br /><br />And I also quote Geoff Emerick, the Beatles' engineer in 1967, \\"The only real version of Sgt. Pepper is the mono version. There are all sorts of little tricks and effects in there that aren't in the stereo at all.\\"<br /><br />The Beatles in Mono may be somewhat expensive, but \\"fun is the one thing that money can't buy\\". Its up you to decide which you prefer...
B0037KMHRY|5.0|Before hearing some of the music for the TRON: LEGACY SOUNDTRACK, I had never heard of Daft Punk before.  Other than now knowing they are French and have been lifelong fans of the original TRON, I still don't know much about them.  But, that doesn't really matter because their score to TRON: LEGACY is one of the best movie scores in 2010.  Having seen the movie I can say that the score is a superb augmentation of what happens on the screen.  However, other than a few numbers, the score stands on its own as a separate work.  The music is kind of techno-punk.  My favorite numbers are:<br /><br />\\"The Son of Flynn\\"<br />\\"The Arena\\"<br />\\"Rinzler\\"<br />\\"The Game Has Changed\\"<br />\\"Adagio for Tron\\"<br />\\"End of the Line\\"<br />\\"Derezzed\\"<br />\\"Fall\\"<br />\\"Flynn Lives\\"<br />\\"Tron Legacy (End Titles)<br /><br />It should be noted that though this is the official soundtrack/score for the movie, it doesn't contain the entire score.  There are four songs on a special edition set that was released only overseas as well as two tunes that were only made available on iTunes. It's kind of disappointing that they won't release they entire score/soundtrack to on one set, but the music industry has been pulling stuff like this for years in attempts to curtail pirating, but such measures actually encourage it.<br /><br />Anyway, I really like the score. The style of music won't appeal to everyone, but it has a broad enough range to at least interest most audiophiles.
6304711891|4.0|This 1996 film has some excellent actors - Ed Harris, Nicholas Cage and Sean Connery.  Put them together and there should be magic.  Well, this didn't exactly happen.<br /><br />The theme is a typical \\"disaster-waiting-to happen\\" one.  Ed Harris and a group of disgruntled marines, take over Alcatraz, imprisoning tourists in cells and threatening to destroy the world with biological weapons if they do not get a huge amount of money from the government.  Nicolas Cage is cast as the meek chemical weapons expert who is brought in to counter the threat.  And Sean Connery, in an truly excellent performance, is cast as a an intelligence expert who has been in prison for 30 years and who is the only person who ever made a successful escape from Alcatraz.  There's a little humor here as Connery changes from a long-haired wild looking man in a prison uniform to a sophisticated man-about-town with a secret wish to connect with the grown daughter he fathered and has never met.  Put this all together and bring on the special effects and this is a fast-paced predictable flick that does well at the box office.<br /><br />O.K. - this film is well done for its genre.  I do appreciate that and the special effects and fast paced style.  However, I really don't like this kind of film.  It is too predictable for my taste and there are no surprises even though I must say that the plot is tight and the acting well done.
B000AYEL6U|5.0|This is my husbands account, but I just finished the movie and it was AMAZING. I think you can watch it on netflix right now. I am literally obsessed and want to read the book now. I can't get enough of these period dramas!
030746363X|5.0|This book is not full of easy answers, but it is full of answers. I've owned kettlebells for years and had marginal success with them. Since I've read this book and begun Tim's program of swings I've noticed that my entire body moves easier. Like all the muscles are more connected than they were prior to the program. I'm by no means old, but I feel much younger after using this book.
B000O8OTNC|4.0|I have had one of these sharpeners for over a year, and the carbide blades were getting worn. I took out the screws and flipped them over to use the second edge, and put the sharpener back together and tightened the screws. On the second sharpening stroke, one of the carbide blades fell out, and would not stay in.  Even with this problem, I give the sharpener a 4 star rating. I'm buying another for my kitchen and pocket knives.
030746363X|5.0|Could not put the book down. I showed it to my son, who is in medical school, and he took it back to begin the weight gain and sleep program.
B000JQU1VS|4.0|Somehow I've never managed to read any Sherlock Holmes before.  And so, when I saw this collection of short stories was free on Kindle, I was glad to download it.  This particular collection is of 12 different stories, all in the Scottish author Sir Alfred Conan Doyle style who wrote 4 novels and 56 short stories about the famed detective between 1880 and 1907.  Through the years, these stories have kept their popularity and there are Sherlock Homes fans everywhere.  I am not one of them although now, after reading these 12 sample stories, I can appreciate the author's skill.<br /><br />Sherlock Holmes is a London detective and all the stories in this book are narrated by his friend Dr. H. Watson.  Dr. Watson admires Sherlock Holmes and his descriptions of the man's habits and unique way of viewing puzzling problems are still valid today.  Sherlock Holmes is quite an interesting character, often described as smoking a pipe, sometimes with tobacco and sometimes with cocaine.  People come to him with various mysteries to solve and he always solves them to satisfaction.  I must say I admired the skill of the writing and the descriptions of the people, the plots and vivid descriptions of the cloudy and wet London climate.  I can easily see the appeal of these stories through the years.<br /><br />However, after the first one or two stories, they all had a certain sameness to them.  Sherlock Holmes was presented with a problem and through the use of his high intelligence and his attention to details and clues, the mystery was always solved.  I am not a mystery fan so perhaps my remarks should be taken in context, but I soon grew weary of these stories and had to push myself to finish the book.  However, I will never be sorry for reading them because it opened me to the unique world of this famous detective and gave me a good look at London and the social mores at the time.  For this I am grateful.<br /><br />On another note, on this Kindle edition, every time a sum of money was mentioned, the numbers and characters were all scrambled and unreadable.  Hopefully, the powers that be will get this fixed in the future.ney was mentioned, the numbers and characters were all scrambled and unreadable.  Hopefully, the powers that be will get this fixed in the future.
B002VH7P4O|5.0|Most people agree the Beatles remasters sound great. Yes, they might have been a bit better if slight dynamic limiting had not been used (limiting was eschewed for the remastering of the MONO Beatles CDs). Only a curmudgeon would not consider the project a success with minor qualifications.    If the soon-to-come vinyl remasters are properly made, and if you have absolutely top-notch audiophile turntable, tonearm, and cartridge, you may get superior sound. But that would be speculation at this point.     For most of us, this may be the best it will ever get. So get while the getting is good, is my advice. If you know and love the Beatles, and if you have a critical ear, you will appreciate the smoothness, detail, and depth that the USB 24bit files offer. Plus, top bitrate MP3s are here for your portable devices if you want to conserve memory space.     The only criticism of this product I can offer is that the Apple stem is too fragile. Be careful. Very careful.
030746363X|5.0|I bought this book for my husband, a great athlete. Although i am not, we are both hooked. The book is relevant for ANYONE that relies on a BODY/BRAIN combo to push forward...not just superman types. Buying another copy for my trainer. Reading this AND 4 hr workweek in tandem to kick off 2011 right. Bravo/thanks Tim Ferris.
B004D4ZZM2|1.0|Perhaps this actually is the complete works of Shakespeare,but with no table of contents, or section headings or anything similar, it is impossible to use. It is one long file starting with the sonnets. NO search capabilities, no way to find King Lear except by beginning on page 1 and going page-by-page till you find it.<br /><br />Overpriced.
B00003CXA6|5.0|Gettysburg is probably the best Civil War movie ever made.  Based upon the book \\"The Killer Angels\\" by Michael Shaara, this is a detailed account of the three-day battle.  The acting is superb.  Tom Berenger plays the role of Longstreet to perfection matched by the brillant perfromance of Martin Sheen as Robert E. Lee.  Jeff Daniels and Sam Elliott also stand out as Col. Joshua Chamberlain and General John Buford.  The supporting roles are also played wonderfully (Richard Jordan as General Armistead, Stephan Lang as George Pickett, Brian Mallon as General Hancock, just to name a few.)  The attention to detail and historical accuracy are outstanding.  The battle scenes of Buford's defense, Little Round Top and Pickett's Charge are dramatic and exciting  This is a painstakingly made labor of love and a must for fans of Civil War history.
B001P9EQH8|1.0|I use this product with a Sansa Clip+ player and Etymotic ER-6 earphones. The clip player output is marginal with these earphones and I was hoping to get just a little boost in volume. There is no difference in volume with or without the E5 'amplifier.' Don't waste you money.
030746363X|5.0|Got this book after I saw all the good reviews that fitness professionals were giving. I wasn't disappointed in the slightest. Despite its large size, it's an easy read. Secondly, the author encourages you to go where you want to go with the chapters. Obviously you wouldn't try to do everything in the book at once, but his advice is sound and does work. Lastly, the most important idea I got from the book was that everything you do in there has the quality of transferability. There may not be a need in today's society to deadlift 500lbs or run an ultramarathon, but if you can accomplish these things, the success transfers to other parts of your life. You become more of a whole person, as the author says. I would definitely recommend this book to anyone seeking physical self improvement.
030746363X|4.0|Most people will either discount the information, or not follow any of the very clear advice in the book.  It is a great roadmap, well done and worth the read.
0061433047|5.0|I liked this book, but there was a part of the stories that seemed pretty darn dark. I was just a little surprised. Still liked the book and what I was expecting from Terry Prattchett.
B002RKRTGO|3.0|there seem to be passages missing from this version, which would have confused the story very much if i had not been familiar with it from before. i can remember two places where the story seemed to have significant and noticeable gaps. other than that, the story is a great one and if you are familiar with story prior to reading this version you will still enjoy reading it.
B0044XV3R8|4.0|For an Avatar fan like me, the content of the three DVD set is delicious. The expanded versions of the movie fill in many of the details only implied in the original theatrical release. The third DVD adds even more content and fills out the story even further, though it seems to me much of the material left out of the movie was excluded because it exposed harsher elements of the narrative as much as for time constraints.    My only problem with the copy of the set that I got is that the DVDs sputtered and stalled occasionally. I had to carefully wash the discs several times to get past these flaws. Since washing did eliminate the problems for the most part, it suggests to me that the manufacturing environment was not as clean as it should be - there definitely seems to be a quality control issue here. But the problems were not severe enough to oblige me to return the set - though I did consider it.
B002WN35DC|1.0|This edition of The Little Prince in Spanish has no the drawings that are essential to understand and enjoy the text. It needs a warning alerting to possible buyers about that.<br /><br />Esta edici&oacute;n de El Principito en espa&ntilde;ol carece de los dibujos que son esenciales para comprender y disfrutar la obra. Deber&iacute;a advertirse a los posibles compradores acerca de tan importante omisi&oacute;n.
B002JVWQSW|5.0|To call this show quirkey is to underrate it.  It is subtle and brilliant, and draws on satire, microexpressions, assumptions, and deconstructionism to make us laugh at ourselves.     It is very well cast.  Sofia Vergara stands out;  she is very beautiful, but that is not why she is so arresting.  As an actress she is present in every moment, responding to each event as though she had never read or rehearsed it.  There is comedy in her surprise and in her reactions to those around her, and we believe her experience.  Ed O Neil's carefully underplayed performance offsets her witty star turn in a way that we can't take our eyes off.  Son Manny is a revelation, Jorges Luis Borges in a child's body, profound, proud, keenly observant of the human experience.      The gay couple is very delightful as well as mainstreamed within the internal logic of the show.     The suburban couple is fun in the dad-is-dufus-but-mom-loves-him-anyway schtick, but there are some surprising insights in the most predictable roles on the show.  They are both lost, in a way, which means we don't know what will happen, which means I'll keep watching.  And although the entire family of five seems to be continually fumbling for their identity and the proper course of action, we notice that Dylan \\"sees\\" them.  Dylan sees them and thinks they are all great -- and I looked again and they are.     For a few episodes toward the end of the first season I started seeing some predictable silliness of the sitcom in the main suburban family:  \\"Oh -- I lied -- now I will get caught -- but last minute something saved the day\\" -- that kind of junk.  But when I saw Mitchell chasing the pigeon intruder in slo mo with a soundtrack of Cameron singing Ave Maria in his Irish tenor, I knew I had met pure genius in writing such as I hadn't seen in years.
B001HQZJP2|5.0|The Mummy Trilogy is a great action adventure series. If you like Egypt and the story behind, then this trilogy is the spot for you. You might have a favorite in the series, but the story evolves and ends up being a pretty good trilogy. This Blu-ray set brings out great picture quality and excellent sound, which makes this trilogy a MUST OWN for the Mummy fans.
B0039UTDA6|4.0|We recently received our Life video set.  The cinematography is great.  We truly live on an incredible plant designed by a powerful Creator.  Although I don't enjoy Oprah's voice-over as much as David Attenborough (spelling?) the scenes are wonderful and there is a lot of movie for the money.  Would recommend it to a friend.
B003O86MY8|5.0|I must say I love this cd. I love David Garretts music. This cd is a must have for people who like classical & rock music. I could go on and on about how good this cd is but you get the point. 5 stars
030746363X|5.0|This book does for the body what the 4-hour workweek did for lifestyle: it redefines what is possible and gives simple instructions on how to do it. A must have for anyone who cares about their health.
B0017HMF6W|5.0|Granted I am a huge fan of both Alfred Hitchcock and Carey Grant, but ... this is hands down in my opinion, is their best work ... Movie is longer, over 2 hours, but the plot takes off right away and the excitement is on from the very beginning ... I had a copy on DVD and finally, (slowly but surely) I am converting my collection to Blu-ray as they come out ... This WAS worth the wait ... Excellent picture quality (as any high def movie has) and the audio was perfect ... Eva Marie Saint is also VERY easy on the eyes ... Overall an excellent movie my highest recommendation, the extras and the included book casing is also full of interesting facts and information ...
0810983915|3.0|Another very good book in the Wimpy Kid series.  I didn't think that the humor was quite as good as in the first two books and I am noticing this as a trend as I didnt feel his third book was super great either.  Nonetheless, if you or your kids have been reading this series, you don't want to miss this one either.  Greg continues to \\"mature\\" as a boy and is definitely a lot more interested in girls--and this provides some of the funnier moments in the book.  He has some problems with Rowley that work themselves out in a pretty funny way on a family trip.  Overall, a good quick read but nowhere near as good as his earlier books.
B001UW58WW|5.0|This CD is great, and a must have for anyone who likes the violin. not a bad song on the cd.
B00000DR5I|5.0|It is probably fair to say that Rubycon still captures the ambient atmospheric background in a way much more similar to Alpha Centauri, Zeit, Atem and Phaedra, then to following it Ricochet, Stratosfear and later albums, when ambient sections were becoming movements adding meaning to and slowing the overall flow of songs. Rubycon also has more melodic rhythm periods in common with Ricochet, Stratosfear, Encore, Cyclone and Force Majeure than any of the above mentioned earlier albums of Tangerine Dream do. In that sense Rubycon could be considered a perfect middle of the road album of the golden decade of Tangerine Dream.<br /><br />Rubycon is one huge texture of sound consisting of interchanging ambient and rhythmic segments. This album is a perfect variation on a theme by three gifted and well connected players who introduce their ideas and elaborate on them in various ways. The beginning and closing minutes feel very classical in the way the composition is constructed with every key pressed as needed, to create this amazing mood. The music of the middle sections of the album does allow the players to be more spontaneous with the way they introduce their solo motifs and how they elaborate on them. However, all of them conform to the previously agreed upon and clearly defined structure of harmony and rhythm. This music is almost completely synthesizer, organ, piano and mellotron created, with very slight guitar parts in it. Prior to recording of this album Edgar Froese's mellotron got equipped with orchestral instruments recorded by the BBC. The sounds of oboe, horns and string sections add to our experience. Christopher Franke's double Moog synthesizer is completely mastered by him by now, and it is in charge of the rhythmic parts of this composition. Peter Baumann's piano and organ solos can be recognized by their simple and playful charm.<br /><br />Atmospheric introduction and build-up of the first seven minutes, with its spectacular 'awakening motif' coming to expression repeatedly in the 3rd minute is the proof of Tangerine Dream's mastery of mood creation. Whenever I listen to Rubycon forgetting about this amazing upcoming motif I can hardly believe that the entire introduction to it takes only two minutes. That ambient build-up is so well structured and developed that it possesses an amazing ability of slowing down time. That obviously had been one of the main powers within the ambient sections of Tangerine Dream's 1970s music. The entire seven beginning minutes of this album (as well as seven ending minutes of it) are truly spectacular, but you will not know that while listening to it for the first or second time. This music really needs to sink into you deeper than that to reveal itself fully. Edgar Froese introduces a voice of choir for just 2 seconds at 5:50. The way the following section of sequenced rhythm loops starts at about 6:15 is again, very unique and memorable. After that the sequencer gradually takes over the loops of rhythm and for the following 9 minutes it is a fast pace environment which slowly comes down within the last 2 minutes of first part of Rubycon.<br /><br />The second part of Rubycon begins in ambient atmospheric way again with the inclusion of the choir sounds generated by Edgar Froese on mellotron. In the 5th minute the tempo of Christopher Franke's sequenced rhythm becomes very fast and vibrant. The synthesizer motif of the 10th minute is very interesting. Then everything slows down again, the sequenced rhythm loops quiet down and in the 12th minute we are taken back into the very atmospheric ambient and spectacular ending of this album. No wonder Tangerine Dream were asked over and over again to provide music for soundtracks. That ending six minutes of Rubycon carries a real power to move us instantly out of our surroundings and to position us somewhere else completely. Unfortunately, working for Hollywood couldn't have been done with the passion they expressed working for us and for themselves.emselves.
B002ZG981E|5.0|Stroll around the main menu and select an AWESOME supplement within!  ____  I love how they used a interesting version of a \\"PIP\\" Picture in Picture! Instead of a little tiny barely watchable rectangular video box, they smoothly slide into the relevant information without that annoying 1080p flip to 720p/i (or Worse!) 480p/i DvD quality video!  ____  Just for that one surprise I Heartily Recommend a purchase of this Blu-Ray!
B004EJ14V2|2.0|Emma Stone was absolutely hilarious in Super Bad and House Bunny. Not so much in this movie. Must be bad writing?? Lisa Kudrow isn't even remotely funny in this either! Was looking forward to this one, but it is terrible.
030746363X|5.0|Even though I do a lot of reading on health fitness, I found many new tips here.  It's not only an excellent explanation of some of the most effective diet and exercise regimes; it's also an inspiring testimonial on self-experimentation.  I know I'll reach my goals faster and live a lot healthier thanks to this book.  And I imagine nearly everyone who reads this will find at least a few things that make the book more than worth the money and time.
B00436GNVC|1.0|100% disappointed. Bought both this and rockferry as a reult of a positive write up by a scribe that obviously has no clue. Found both albums to be second class both from quality of song writing and quality of voice. Both have been thrown in the trash already.
B000UX6THK|5.0|Twin Peaks could not survive on broadcast TV because it was too many things for the casual viewer to grasp. Film Noir, mystery,psycho-drama, soap-opera, fantasy, Greek tragedy, farce and a few other genres could be found. It was a multitude of shows all happening in this lovely NW country town with lots of wooden walls and lovely ladies. The casting was great with the single exception of David Lynch himself whose loud-talker character was always grating and rarely served any real purpose. Kyle MacLachlan was terrific even though Agent Cooper was frequently required to be unbelievably oblivious(how could he not know there was a microphone in that bansai tree?) he still maintained a sense of reality.   Angelo Badalamente's music along with Julie Cruise's singing was hugely integral to the production and continuity. But for me the greatest impact was made by the three faces of evil. Windham Earle, Bob and (spoiler alert) Leland Palmer were each played fantastically well and made the show the TV classic that it is. Enigma really needs no reason for being or even explanation. It just is and this show proves it can be powerfully magnetic.
030746363X|5.0|I enjoyed reading The Four Hour Body as much as The Four Hour Work Week and I have pulled out as much useful information from one as from the other. Not all the information interests me in T4HB but the sections that do are fascinating. I used information from Ferriss's blog about the slow carb diet last year to lose over 30 lbs in the space of 6 weeks. I also sleep better now using his tips. His book expands on this and other posts from his blog plus a host of new subjects. I will implement what is most relevant for me and track my results.   Take from it what you will but at least read it for yourself before passing sentence on it. If you do not want to shell out the 14.50 to buy it you can always take it out from your local library. You might have a long wait though. My local library has a waiting list of over 70 people now.
B001NLKT60|5.0|While I thoroughly enjoyed the intriguing tale in the first book of this series, I found it was \\"slow to start\\". The web of characters within the Vanger family is difficult to follow, even with the included family tree.<br /><br />The Girl Who Played with Fire kicks off quickly and grabs your attention right away. I couldn't put this book down! Lisbeth is a complex and fascinating character and this book tells her story in detail and gives her even more depth.<br /><br />I can't wait to read the final book and already feel that I will be sad when it's over, knowing that the tale will then be finished.<br /><br />Five stars for The Girl Who Played With Fire!
B001TH8UUA|5.0|Great value, can not tell the difference between these cables and the considerably more expensive monster ones. While I'm certain there is a technical difference between the two that can be shown when checking them with a scope, these work GREAT for me.
B00005N6KG|5.0|I bought these headphones when Walmart stopped selling the ones I had gotten from them. I haven't had these very long, but so far they are great.  They fit well (another kind I purchased are too big) and the sound is clear and loud enough. I wear them for running outside, so even with the traffic noise, I can hear fine. And the price is really good - can't beat it.  Walmart's cheapest (in every sense of the word) headphones cost more than this.
B000002IM7|5.0|`Out Of The Silent Planet' is the band's genre-busting, game-changing debut - though the band itself had already been playing together for nearly 10 years at the time of its release in 1988. The fact that these same 3 musicians continue to make music together in the 21st century without a single lineup change, coupled with the fact that at least 5 of the debut album's songs continue to dazzle audiences as steady fixtures of today's live set, speaks to the magic of this album - and to the magic of King's X. `Goldilox' holds the power to bring grown men to tears (only an emotionless psychopath could listen to the song without getting lost in his or her own emotional memories and fears). `Visions' and `Shot Of Love' and `Sometimes' and `Power Of Love' and `Wonder' are all triumphant masterpieces espousing hope and promise and joy with no traces of self-aggrandizement. This is the sound of real people expressing themselves honestly through highly personal lyrics and exceptionally complex music. It is also that rarest of treats: a perfect album from start to finish.
B002BB702M|5.0|This review is regarding the quality of the blu-ray version.  It is beautifully remastered and it is like watching it for the first time.  This is the original theatrical release in the US, not the extended re-release.  The original is much better - the second release was too long and too slow.  What is great about the blu-ray is that the entire soundtrack is an extra feature and it sounds beautiful through our home movie theatre.  Love this movie even more now!
0525423842|3.0|Theo Boone stood out from other students in his eighth grade class for his intense love of the courtroom. As the child of two lawyers, he knew virtually every lawyer, judge, bailiff, and court clerk in town, and he had watched countless trials in the local courthouse.  Not only did he dream of becoming either a trial lawyer or a judge as an adult, he had already set up a small office in his parents' law firm and had offered pro bono legal advice to a number of people from school.<br /><br /> Theo felt right in his element when he managed to provide his government class with seats, background facts, and inside information for one of the biggest trials the town had ever seen involving a murder in an upscale neighborhood.  It appeared that the defendant would walk away scot free because the prosecution had no witnesses and no hard evidence.  Little did Theo realize the pivotal role he would play in this trial when a student from school approached him with confidential information about a potential witness who lived in a vulnerable situation. How could Theo disclose this information without compromising the safety of the witness?<br /><br /> Bestselling author John Grisham, known for his adult legal thrillers, has entered the young adult market with this novel about a child lawyer seeking to uncover the truth and uphold justice. Although the pace is rather slow and several key plot developments are left unresolved, the book does a nice job in incorporating several important lessons in economics and law, including foreclosure, illegal immigration, and career development.
030746363X|5.0|I listen to Tim's opinion on everything possible because he's exceptionally skilled at dissecting topics into their core elements, developing positive benefits & discarding the useless.  If you're familiar with Bruce Lee's approach to martial arts (JKD), it's the same concept.  This book follows this philosophy/lifestyle by showing the reader ways to improve the body, and enjoy all the best things in life further.  Who couldn't benefit from that?
B003ZDZ1WG|5.0|I ordered this for two reasons...love the voice quality on the hit single, If I Die Young,and had read a number of reviews about the outstanding musicality of this sibling group. I have not been disappointed. Without knowing any songs except for the hit single I still thoroughly enjoyed each song. The sound is mostly upbeat and well produced. Although the genre is country I think non-country folks would enjoy this CD as well.
B002ZG981E|5.0|By far one of my favorite films of 2010. Thought provoking and pushing the boundaries of sci-fi, Inception is an original concept brought to life by an amazing director Christopher Nolan. Missing any scenes will leave you confused, so prepare to watch this uninterrupted. The payoff is enjoying one heck of a ride in a truly enjoyable visual film. The included DVD and digital copy, as well as the extras are more than worth the money for such a thrilling film. I have personally given my copy to friends and family just so they can experience what I rave about. If you are a fan of Nolan, this is simply a must buy!
0071373586|4.0|Core idea: The average American consumer is exposed to $376 worth of advertising per day over 365 days. With this enormous volume of communication, the only way to score big is to be selective and concentrate on narrow targets through Positioning. It's about how you position a product in the mind of your prospect.<br />In communication, less is more. Sharpen your message to cut into the mind. Select the material that has the best chance of getting through. Focus on the prospect you are selling to, and not the product you are selling.<br />Positioning is an organized system for finding a window in the mind. It is based on the concept that communication can only take place at the right time and under the right circumstances.<br />The easy way to get into a person's mind is to be First. For example, you may be quick to answer if asked who was the first man on the moon, but what if you were asked to name the second?<br />Kodak is known as the first in photography. Xerox was the first in copiers. Coke was the first in cola, General Electric -all first in their respective industries. With being first the receptivity is great. Two parties meet in a situation where both are open to the idea, and there is no existing competition. Achieving brand loyalty the easy way means getting there first, and being careful not to give people a reason to switch.<br />The human mind rejects information that does not match its prior experience. Harvard psychologist Dr. George A. Miller says the average mind cannot deal with more than seven units at a time. Hence, seven-digit phone numbers, The Seven Dwarfs, etc. When it comes to products, consumers can only name a few brands, be they automobiles, cigarettes, or milk. To cope with the product explosion, people simplify by ranking things.<br />Cherchez le creneau<br />\\"Look for the hole\\" and then fill it. This French marketing expression is a perfect strategy as against the American attitude of positive thinking, \\"bigger and better\\". If you want to be a Columbus, then head west if everyone else is going east.<br />Sometimes there is no creneau. Then you have to create your own.<br />A marketing classic.ead west if everyone else is going east.  Sometimes there is no creneau. Then you have to create your own.  A marketing classic.
B003XMUFGQ|5.0|Got this as a gift for my significant other, as he is a big Clapton fan, and he has enjoyed it.
B001U3Y5XE|4.0|My husband and I gave this to our children for Christmas and have had a great time playing it.  The kids are much more proficient at it than I am.  It is a wonderful game that children (over the put everything in your mouth stage) of all ages can participate in and play.  Our children are really enjoying it.
030746363X|4.0|Tim Ferriss' approach is simple, but not simplistic. He provides an effective way to a lot of body changes and, although some of them feel very branded and shiny, they *really* work. The sex chapters are a lot of fun.
0810997827|5.0|These are fantastic books.  My grandson who is 7 just loves to read them to himslelf.  They are amazing and wish there were more to come.  Thank you!!
B003UBTX7C|5.0|Once again, David Baldacci spins a tale of action and suspense. If you read The Camel Club Series in order, which I suggest, all the character development you could possibly need or want is there.  Nothing is missing from this book.  It will keep you involved through the last page.  The only thing I don't like about Baldacci's books is having to wait for the next one to be written. (If you like action/suspense novels, start at the earliest of Baldacci's books and work forward. That will give you more to enjoy and they build on each other, with the exception of \\"The Christmas Train\\" that is a great \\"stand alone\\" story. The older books are also cheaper.) If you've read the other Baldacci books already don't hesitate to get this one. It's worth every penny.
030746363X|5.0|This is an excellent and outside-of-the-box book that purports to teach one all the tricks of the body but really teaches one tricks about all areas of life.  In the words of Tim Ferriss, it is \\"a buffet\\" to be consumed at one's own pace that includes fascinating anecdotes dealing with weight-loss, muscle-mass gain, and strength gain. The essential message is that when shaping one's body, one does not have to work hard but intelligently and that one should listen to one's body.  A must read for any who wishes to avoid products stemming from popular culture and wants to really get acquainted with one's body.
0764169742|5.0|My 15 yr old daughter  just finished drawing one of the author's examples with her Prismacolor pencils and it is superb, you can see it at  [..]<br />Great book!
030746363X|4.0|This book is tough to put down.  It's ironic that the chapter that stresses how to get quality sleep was keeping me awake last night.    Pros:  Entertaining, Provides really cool information and things to try  Cons:  Some of the treatments and supplements recommended can be a little pricey, Where is the bonus material???    Overall, a great read.  I plan on putting a lot of these items into practice.
B002ZG98CS|5.0|This movie is the perfect example of how to have fun at the movies. Don't go into it expecting some deep philosophical message (which seems to be something people expect alot these days), and you'll get a fun over the top action flick. Bottom line is, it is what it is. If you aren't into these kind of movies then avoid it, but if you're ready to turn off your brain for a couple of hours and enjoy the carnage, it's a definite buy.
B0015AARJI|2.0|These controllers break to easily. I play alot of hockey and go through controllers like a mad man. The cheap parts they put in joy sticks are a joke, it remonds me of the old atari controllers
B002ZG9940|1.0|Seeing the previews for this movie made it seem like an exciting action movie. Well, it was anything but. The plot developed slow and I was forcing myself to watch it hoping something exciting would happen. I was so bored I quit watching the movie and went off and did something else. I came back to it with fresh approach only to have my original impression reaffirmed. I am fan of George Clooney own several movies he stars in, but this is by far my least favorite.
B00127RAJY|5.0|I just finished my first workout and I think... I think I might be dying lol I take this as a promising sign, since it's been quite a while since I've come across a vigorous enough workout to make me feel this awful :)  Admittedly, I did have to stop a couple of times for a quick break, but I stuck to what Jillian said and didn't take more than 5 sec. at a time.<br /><br />A little background on myself: I'm 23... I went of to college and gained what I call the \\"college 30\\". I didn't gain 15 as a fresh, but by the end of uni I'd gone from being 130 to 160. I then joined the work force, while continuing school to get grad school pre-reqs. My schedule makes no time for working out. I work from 8-8 each day, on top of school work and any other errands I have to run. I'm not comfortable with running outside in the dark, and I can't afford a gym. I've been trying to make due with the Wii Fit my parents gave me, but it just wasn't doing anything for me.<br /><br />I decided some months ago to get back into shape because I seemed to keep having to buy larger and larger pants sizes. Getting into exercising is tough for me, because I have severe asthma that is not well controlled, even on lots of medication. On a regular basis, I wheeze, and working out feels like someone is driving a knife through my chest. I was finally starting to get into a routine in June, when one day a lady ran a stop sign and broadsided my car, resulting in me sustaining a lower back injury. Lots of PT later, and I still suffer from occasional pain. It's very hard to find the will to work out when just sitting in a chair is painful.<br /><br />Lately I've been feeling better, so I wanted to try to get into working out again. I'm going on a trip to London, Paris, and Rome in May, and I really want to look amazing for it! Traveling doesn't seem like it'd be as much fun if I'm gasping for air from being out of shape the whole time! I'd heard this workout was amazing, so I'm having a go. I'll keep this review updated with my progress. Right now I'm 171.6 lbs (and I'm 5'6\\"). My goal is 140 by May 22. Here's hoping!rogress. Right now I'm 171.6 lbs (and I'm 5'6\\"). My goal is 140 by May 22. Here's hoping!
030746363X|3.0|Buy the book anyway, but skip the diet section.  Mark Sisson's \\"Primal Blueprint\\" is a far better book on the paleo/primal diet and lifestyle.  I would give the rest of the book 4 stars, but the ratings have been basically gamed by the author, so I'm just giving it 3 stars.  I suggest always subtracting a full star for any book written by a blogger if you want to get a realistic idea of how good it is.
B00000ITOY|2.0|Since many people wrote good reviews on this product, I bought it for my 15months old baby.  However, I am very disappointed by the quality of play toy because the paint comes off and also a lot of splinters on the wood surface, which would not be safe for my baby.  I returned the product.  I noticed a lot of plan toy does not have good quality.  not smooth surface, a lot of splinters, and paint comes off.
B000AP04OM|5.0|This movie is a classic and one of my absolute favorites.  This was purchased as a gift for my 86 year old Mom; she requested it for Christmas.  I know it will bring her hours of enjoyment; the movie itself and all the extras.
B004EC937G|3.0|This CD was a big letdown for me. Don't know why Duffy thought she needed to change from her incredibly successful Rockferry CD? The people who bought Rockferry were in no way tired of Duffy's style....what they wanted was more of the same. Endlessly is overproduced, and too much like the rest of today's boring music. The \\"something special\\" of Rockferry is mostly gone. I am hoping Duffy will return to the classic sound of Rockferry which fits her unique voice and sound much better than the more pop sounding Endlessly. The songs are mostly throwaway on Endlessly, the music gets in the way of her voice, and I predict sales will fall off fast and come no where close to those of Rockferry.    There will be more CD's, but I will be listening before I buy, no more pre-release ordering for me.
B000EMGAOY|5.0|Wondering what to add to your music collection from the RHCP ouevre?  Look no further.  This double album set is the place to begin.  As noted by other reviewers it covers all of the stylistic bases and does so with perfect Pepper aplomb.  And this is an extremely listener friendly package of diverse tunes at that.  The approach here is decidedly to the more pop-sensible side of these guys.  Probably why I like it so much. But that is not to say they have dumbed it down or jettisoned the funny funkiness most fans appreciate.  They just balance it all out and completely nail it - song after song for two hefty discs!  Yep - Stadium Arcadium is The One. Made a fan outta me...
0756405890|4.0|Patrick Rothfuss' \\"The Name of the Wind\\" is an amazingly good book.  It's very well written, very well described, very well characterized, and very emotionally entwining.  Basically, I loved it.  Really, the only things I can come up with that might be issues are the length of the book, its serial nature (with the rest of the series being, as yet, unwritten), and the mechanism used to tell the story.  Lengthwise, the book is 662 pages long.  Yet, it only sets the stage for the real story.  As Kvothe, the protagonist, says on page 654:  \\"We have all the groundwork now.  A foundation of story to build upon.\\"  That's a lot of pages just for groundwork and foundation.  Now, I really can't complain about that length, since I loved every page of it.  But, realistically, I have to admit that it could be an issue for some people.  Related to that is the fact that this is only the first in the series, and the rest of the books aren't written yet (the 2nd book, [[ASIN:0756404738 The Wise Man's Fear (Kingkiller Chronicles, Day 2)]] is due out on 1 March 2011).  That's certainly not the author's fault.  But, still, I sure wish the rest of the books were out already.  And, finally, as a mechanism for telling the story, the author tells a tale within a tale (and sometimes, a tale within a tale within a tale).  At first, I had a problem with that.  But, as the story progressed, I realized that by doing this, the author could write a story involving a youth yet have it read from an adult perspective.  The downside, of course, is that we start the story at an advanced point and then have to backtrack to get all that groundwork and foundation mentioned earlier.  Still, I think the advantages outweigh the disadvantages here.  Overall, though, I'm torn between giving this a 5 star rating or a 4 star rating.  I guess I'll go with a Very Good 4 stars out of 5.  However, I can certainly see why the vast majority of people have currently gone the other way and rated it at an Excellent 5 stars out of 5.  Highly recommended.
B0011Z5IXC|5.0|Asked \\"Santa\\" for this and got it. I am commuting an hour each day to work and needed some CDs in my car since the radio stations suck and my Sirius isn't hooked up yet. As a Zeppelin fan, this is a pretty good set. May have selected a few different songs, but this will do the job for a few months until I get my satellite radio set back up.
030746363X|5.0|Not just for weight loss but for anyone interested in their overall health. This is a must-have!! I reference it and direct friends to it daily.
B00003CXBK|5.0|He keeps going on and on with great movies! i mean seriously this guy should be named a god in this industry!<br /><br />any way i bought this as new because thats how ya do it.<br /><br />pros:<br /><br />great plotline<br />great actors<br />great sound effects<br />great graphics<br />great..........well great everything!<br /><br />cons:<br />not a darn thing! i coudn't find a thing wrong with it! but hey everyone is entitled to thier opinion.<br /><br />all in all BUY THE MOVIE!!! It's worth every penny
0307272702|5.0|Background: I have a history of weight gain and weight loss, weighing as little as 150 lbs as an adult, and as much as 242 lbs. My weight peaked in April 2010, when I began a \\"calorie counting\\" diet that I followed for about seven months. During that time I got down to 205, but I was no longer able to maintain the diet and my weight was starting to creep back up. I picked up this book hoping for a solution to my constant hunger and struggles with weight and cholesterol.<br /><br />I'm going to cut to the chase very early in this review, because it may disqualify the nutritional approach for some potential readers: The author suggests that we should be eating mostly meat, and that carbohydrates are the source of weight gain in humans. If you are not open to the idea of giving up your sugars, starches, and even fruits pretty much entirely, this will not work for you. Having said that, I'll provide some more detail.<br /><br />The author makes several assertions about diet, including the following:<br />*Carbs were not the natural foods of human beings throughout our evolution<br />*Carbs cause chemical reactions which cause fat to be stored instead of used for energy<br />*Carbs actually cause hunger and overeating<br />*The paradigm of calorie intake and exercise to burn calories driving weight gain is incorrect<br />*Fatty foods should not be avoided, because fat is used for fuel, and not stored if carbs are not present in the bloodstream<br />*There is more to cholesterol than consumption of animal fat, and more to heart disease than cholesterol numbers<br /><br />The book provides a great deal of detail, history, studies of how populations have reacted after the introduction of carbs to their diets, and scientific justification for the author's assertions, so the reader doesn't feel like he's being asked to accept the book's recommendations blindly. The author also encourages further study in the scientific community to test his assertions.<br /><br />So, what does the book recommend? This is my summary:<br /><br />*Eat meat. As much as you want. Beef, chicken, seafood, bacon, whatever. Things like sausage are fine if they're low in carbs.<br />*Eggs are no problem<br />*Do not prepare your meats with carbs like batters or sweet sauces.<br />*Eat 2 cups of greens (defined as \\"leaves\\") per day<br />*Eat 1 cup of other vegetables (like tomatoes, broccoli, other non-starchy veggies) per day<br />*No more starches, sugars, or even fruits (the book describes how these foods, and fructose, are handled by the body)<br />*Beer is a carb and should be avoided as should alcohol in general<br />*When you are hungry, eat.<br /><br />That last bullet point is, for me, a bit of a revelation. The book doesn't talk about how to NOT eat, or tell you to eat a head of iceberg lettuce when you're hungry. It tells you to eat (primarily meat) when you're hungry, and not to feel bad for eating. When you're hungry, your body is telling you to eat, that you should follow its instructions, and that your body/hunger will instruct you to eat appropriately once you're off carbohydrates.<br /><br />After about six weeks on this diet, I'm very encouraged. I'm hungry much less than I used to be, and when I am hungry, instead of trying to hold out, I eat. My typical meals are things like grilled hamburger patties, grilled chicken, Italian sausages, or pot roast. For breakfast I have eggs, bacon, and sometimes veggies in an omelet. I keep a package of sliced pepperoni in the fridge for snacks. When I eat out, I get things like steaks, fish, or burgers wrapped with lettuce instead of a bun. My weight loss has resumed (about 8 pounds on this diet), and I am just under 200 pounds for the first time in years. I feel good, and the only negative I can cite is that buying meat is costlier than a traditional diet.<br /><br />A little history on my cholesterol, which I will update as time goes on. In April 2010, when I started my diet, my cholesterol was 240. For thenext seven months, I cut out all red meat and ice cream--my main sources for animal fats. I don't eat cheese or butter. I lost 37 pounds, and proudly went back to my doctor for a cholesterol check--it was 268! It was at this point--with my cholesterol at 268--that I started my new, mostly-meat diet. Conventional wisdom indicates that this should cause my cholesterol to skyrocket; the author suggests it will drop. I will update this review when I'm tested again March 2011.<br /><br />Update, March 2011: After a few months of eating meat almost exclusively, my cholesterol is exactly the same as it was on a diet that was very low in meat. I did not receive the reduction that the book touted, but my cholesterol didn't rise, either. Sadly, I start lipitor today and ponder what to do next. Incidentally, I have lost 10 more pounds and still absolutely LOVE not being hungry all the time.tter. I lost 37 pounds, and proudly went back to my doctor for a cholesterol check--it was 268! It was at this point--with my cholesterol at 268--that I started my new, mostly-meat diet. Conventional wisdom indicates that this should cause my cholesterol to skyrocket; the author suggests it will drop. I will update this review when I'm tested again March 2011.    Update, March 2011: After a few months of eating meat almost exclusively, my cholesterol is exactly the same as it was on a diet that was very low in meat. I did not receive the reduction that the book touted, but my cholesterol didn't rise, either. Sadly, I start lipitor today and ponder what to do next. Incidentally, I have lost 10 more pounds and still absolutely LOVE not being hungry all the time.
030746363X|4.0|Once I picked up the 4 Hour Body to read I couldn't put it down!      At age 23 I peaked at over 250 lbs. (and I'm only 5'6\\") and my mom was diagnosed with diabetes.  I was instantly scared into losing weight because I was definitely on the same track to health problems.  So I did what is recommended: count calories and exercise.  It worked.  In less than a year I dropped 80 lbs.  However, over the last 5 years the weight has creeped back and I'm now close to 200 lbs.  A place I never thought I would return.  Despite the frustration I feel for gaining back some weight, I have very little motivation to lose it.  My husband and I have lived in Italy for 2 years and have about 5 months left - why in the world would I want to count calories now and deny myself some of the best food in the world?  I don't.  But the 4 Hour Body gave me a strong motivating factor:    BINGE DAYS!    Now I can lose weight eating some surprisingly delicious foods AND have a day where I can eat all the pasta and pizza and other goodies I want.  That's literally having the cake and eating it, too.  And that is something I can definitely be excited about.    My husband and I were also discussing this morning that even if the binge days don't provide any actual physical/hormonal changes for the good, it is good mentally.  To know that if I crave something on Tuesday I can write it down and feast on it on my binge day is such a relief.  And really, for me, is enough to get me through a 6 days of not eating what I want and crave.    The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because I do feel like there could be some \\"holes\\" or skewed facts in it - but I think that is the case with any book that tells you how to change your body.  What works for some doesn't always necessarily work for all.   As well as the fact that even though it may work, the reasons it works may not be what Tim thinks and that there could be some other factors that none of us know about that may have contributed to the success.  But if the results come and there are no adverse effects on my body and mine then I don't really care why.  Results speak loud.    My husband and I just started the Slow Carb diet today, and so far we're really happy with the types of meals we've created and have already started creating menus for the coming weeks.  I can't wait to see the results - and I am positive they will come!    In conclusion:  The 4 Hour Body may be part hype, may have holes or be skewed, but if it works and I become a healthier person then I can't complain.      At the very least, even if you think it's hype, just try it out for a week - the food menu isn't even bad and if you're creative you can come up with some really tasty stuff that you'll crave - you'll probably be consuming a ton more vegetables and healthy items than you usually do, and what's the harm in that?
030746363X|5.0|If you already know a little bit about tim ferriss you will not be disappointed - i cant imagine how he tried himself the thousand tipps he gives in this book; its amazing. i think everybody can find something - from diet to fitness, from medicine to great sex life. enjoy!
B000002BE9|4.0|Fiona's \\"Tidal\\" (1996) comes as a bold debut in into a time of a increasingly commercial music industry. What it manages to do is present a young woman's inner feelings and raw emotion over dark, sensual, and haunting music. Much of what is given can be described as poetic-like verses almost sounding like a album of Fiona's spoken word/poetry, declaring herself to those ready to listen; deep and submerged to say the least. What is best here is the way in which her souful, raspy voice delivers such honest and expressive lyrics. 4.5/5.0
B0038YWPZS|5.0|I bought this as a gift.  I know she loves it because this is her favorite movie of all time.  Incidentally, it's mine too!!!
0385523912|5.0|This well written book about North Korea tells the story of several defectors from the same city near the Chinese border.  Their tales of total loyalty to the Supreme Leader slowly soured by deprivation, starvation, and the gradual knowledge that their beloved leaders had been lying to them leads to their defections.  Fascinating.
B0001K9IJ8|5.0|Another winner from DK. Sounds amazing through my 7.1 surround system....!   Great service from Amazon . Well done
B001AQT11M|5.0|I am extremely satisfied with my purchase.  DVD was delivered quickly and in brand new condition.  Couldn't ask for anything more.  Thank you!
0937381888|4.0|That's funny. Amazon just verified that I'm over 13...you'd better hope so!    Previous to receiving this as a present, I loved beer (of course), and wanted to home brew, had friends and family who brew, had observed brewing, but didn't know all the info to start my new hobby. Mr. Palmer quickly un-confuzzled me. The structure is somewhat redundant but in such a way that you can refer to parts of the brewing process and still see the bigger picture.    The sections regarding ingredients are especially valuable as a reference guide: many varieties of malts, hops, grains explained. Also, qualities of beer explained: IBUs, OG, FG to the point of tangibility. I'm not a mathematician, but the portions explaining IBU (International Bitterness Unit) calculation from hops content (complicated) were useful and more evident when gaining pencil reps. AAUs (Alpha Acid Units) are significantly easier to use and understand.     This book is generally accessible, fun, and will enable the reader to brew and understand brewing in its scientific, artistic, and fun measures enough to bat it around with the local brewmeisters (and might score you the coolest gigs ever conceived). 401Ks go up and down, but beer is forever. 1st brew is in the primary fermenter NOW...now where am I going to get those bottles? hmmmmm....
030746363X|4.0|I purchased the Kindle version of this book and have been reading it on my iPad. I have lost 12 lbs in about three weeks by only mostly following the diet. I haven't even attempted the exercises. I'm not obese and didn't think I had that much to lose to begin with. I also have felt great and had a lot of energy, something I couldn't have said before starting this program. Losing the weight I have and feeling as good as i do while doing it has made me excited to work out and keep on the program in the future.     Yes, there are not a lot of \\"new\\" ideas in this book, but I don't think I would trust them if they were completely off the wall.     It is working for me and I recommend it.
030746363X|5.0|I am a chronically ill woman with blood sugar issues.  I've used the tools in Tim's previous book to keep myself from ending up on disability again.  I bought this book mostly for the information on weight loss.  I underestimated the information.    This book is much more than a diet book...It is a book on how to hack your body.  In a week I've lost 2 inches from my body. How ever, more than that, I'm able to exercise for the first time in almost 20 years using Tim's Minimal Effective Dose.  I'm eating much better without having to live forever without the items I crave with the assistance of the Slow Carb diet.  There is also a great deal of information on the functions of the body (backed by science) that I am using to start my own experiments to improve my health further in other ways.    This encyclopedic volume that reads as a light-hearted biographic tome is a great addition to the house of anyone that has health issues
B003DZX3SA|5.0|I am extremely satisfied with my purchase.  DVD was received quickly and in brand new condition.  Couldn't ask for anything more.  Thank you!
0375413405|5.0|I am a serious foodie and amateur chef.  I own hundreds of cookbooks and this by far is the best I own.  Yes the recipes are amazing and if you follow directions, you will always end up with impressive and tasty results.  I think the best part about the book is the technique you can get from it.  I got this book for Christmas and using it, I've been able to create about five new dishes, including my own copycat versions of my favorite restaurant recipes.  Her step by step instructions and detail make me feel like Julia is in the kitchen with me.
030746363X|4.0|All I did was follow the slow carb diet and took the pills. I thought I ate fairly healthy food, I'm amazed how much better I feel.  This book made me think about what I ate and has changed my life.  Every section of this book has changed how I think. It is a great reference book as well. Refer back to it for years to come.
030746363X|5.0|The book is great for anyone who wants to lose weight, gain muscle, or transform their body in any way, shape, or form. Wait, I think that's everybody.
030746363X|5.0|I like this book because it has a little something for everyone. I've started the slow-carb diet and it's the best diet I've ever gone on. Easy to stick to, I'm never hungry, and I'm loving the \\"off-days\\" :)
B00004TKAQ|5.0|This is the original Jam Band record. The guitars and the grooves are timeless. Elevating the Bo Diddley groove to the level of recombinant DNA. I highly recommend this work.
0316077054|4.0|I felt like this writing team finally gelled in this book. There were sections of the first book that were awkward and badly written, but this book didn't really have that. I liked the fantasy feel of this book and I am interested to read the next book in the series (whenever that will come out). I did get kind of frustrated with Lena's character in this book. Frankly, she was a pain in the butt! If I were Ethan I would have dumped her for Liv; however, I am a Librarian, so I think I am rather biased!
B00127RAJY|5.0|This workout is great if you are a focused and dedicated person.  The workouts are short and intense.  Jillian herself is pretty intimidating too.  Overall, this dvd is a great deal. For just a few dollars, and some dedication, you can get the results you want using this workout system.
B003EI2EH2|5.0|I have only read the parts of the book about losing weight. After applying the principles for 6 days, I am down 9 pounds. This is very likely mostly water weight, not fat loss, but it is very encouraging.<br /><br />With the limited time I have had the book and put the theories to the test, I like it very much. It is easy to read, the writing style is warm and comfortable, the content interesting.<br /><br />But the main reason I am writing the review is that I found, among the majority of 1-star and 2-star reviews, that the reviewers claim that the diet is just a rehash of the Paleo Diet. Either they haven't read the book, or they don't understand the Paleo Diet, but either way, they are simply wrong. The Paleo diet is based on the foods available to humans before agriculture, when Man was a hunter-gatherer. That meant eating meat, fish, fruit, some vegetables, especially roots, and nuts and seeds. No beans or grains. The diet here eschews fruits, and has plenty of beans.<br /><br />Readers interesting in criticisms of the book, and there are some valid ones, I assume, should avoid those criticisms claiming any similarities with the Paleo Diet; those critics are ignorant.
0345528581|4.0|I found the book quite informative and his exercises very creative but I would suggest you think twice before buying the Kindle version.  I did and I really regret it.      These types of books are best in a traditional book that is is easy to flip through, move back and forth and bookmark.  If I want to check a technique while exercising I want to do it quickly.  For me, that's with a real book.  Novels are okay on a Kindle but not reference books.    The second thing I would suggest is that you apply a whole lot of common sense before you perform these exercises.  I found that lacking in places in this book.  There are one or two exercises that he suggests you perform by standing on the edge of your bathtub.  Clearly, this is not a very wise idea.
0312330537|5.0|I can count on two hands the number of books that I have come across in my life that have, from the first page, looked into my heart and caused me to fall in love.  \\"Shantaram\\" by Australian author Gregory David Roberts is one of those books.      It is a memoir/novel, which I assume to mean that a lot of this story is true, and some of it fictionalized, but whether real or not, it is without a doubt one of the most exquisitely written books I have come across in a long time.    It's the story of a man who is an escaped convict from a New Zealand prison, arrives in Bombay, India, and assumes a new identity and a new life. In a short time he falls in love with India the country, the culture, its people and the way of life in the slums, and decides to stay.     The language is stunning.  For example, he describes Victoria Terminus train station in Bombay (which one can only imagine must be nothing but a bustle of humanity and accompanying noise of same) as:    \\"..beneath a metal heaven of rolling vaulted ceilings.  The cherubs of that architectural sky were pigeons, so far overhead in their flutter from roost to roost that they were only faintly discernible; distant celestial beings of flight, and white light.\\"    At almost every page a description, a conversation or a personal insight is shared with the reader in such a way that it almost feels like the author is just speaking to you - and only you.  A private conversation.  An intimate tete-a-tete.  Each one a gem that beckons to admire, to be amazed by the turn of phrase, but above all to reckon with the total honesty of the dark underbelly of the real story.    If you want to delve into a page turner, be swept away into an other-worldly delight, and fall helplessly into a literary rapture, read this book!
0552552127|2.0|I ordered this book December 06, 2010 and have not recieved it yet. You can imagine how I feel.  It was supposed to be a Christmas present.
B003UESJ9W|4.0|Kelly Canter (portrayed by Gwyneth Paltrow) is one of the biggest country music stars on the planet, and she's also struggling with many demons.  A year after a tragic (and very public) accident in Dallas derailed her career, Kelly has emerged from rehab, and is quickly sent back on the road by her husband-manager James (Tim McGraw).  James, who is now more Kelly's manager than husband, recruits a singing beauty queen named Chiles Stanton (Leighton Meester)  to join Kelly's \\"Encore\\" tour.  Kelly, enamored during her rehab stint with a musically talented intern named Beau Hutton (Garrett Hedlund), insists that he supports Kelly on the tour, as well.  James agrees, but only on the condition that Beau's role is sponsor first, musician second.  The complex layers of relationships among the main characters is the essence of 'Country Strong'.<br /><br />All of the actors turn in very convincing performances, Hedlund's not the least among them.  Hedlund's turn as a gifted musician more in love with music than with the idea of fame is second only to Paltrow's authentic depiction of the troubled superstar.  McGraw gets better with every role that he receives, although his character range might be limited.  Meester's interpretation of the \\"Country Barbie\\" has legs, and healthy ones at that.  Her character was the most well developed in the film, start to finish.<br /><br />As the writing goes, I found it to be a little sloppy.  The emotional pendulum swings so quickly and frantically among the characters, that it becomes difficult to get invested in even one of them, let alone all of them.  The story is not difficult to follow, but some instances of interaction are questionable, if not unbelievable.  There are also elements surrounding the film that even make it feel a little dated.  That said, I did find the pacing of the film to be solid and steady.  I also found the victories and defeats that the characters experience I found to be a plus for the movie.<br /><br />The true strength of 'Country Strong' is the music that is woven throughout the fabric of the story.  The variety of country music sub-genres (from classic country to the current, dominant pop-style of country) are all great, and I consider myself a casual country music fan, at best.  The real tragedy is that not all of the songs in the film are on the official soundtrack.  Paltrow has at least three top-quality songs in the film, all of which she performs herself.  She sounds like someone who has been performing country her entire life.  Meester's \\"Words I Couldn't Say\\", which she also performs on her own, is potentially a #1 single for her.  It's really that good.  Overall, this might actually be an instance where the soundtrack will outlast the popularity of the movie it originates from.<br /><br />'Country Strong' amounted to something of a predictable ending, but knowing the destination didn't make the journey any less worth taking for me.  As I type this, Rotten Tomatoes critics have this film at 17%.  I find this rating to be very unfair, and very harsh.  This is an entertaining film that will satisfy the majority of those who spend their money to see it.rue strength of 'Country Strong' is the music that is woven throughout the fabric of the story.   The variety of country music sub-genres (from classic country to the current, dominant pop-style of country) are all great, and I consider myself a casual country music fan, at best.   The real tragedy is that not all of the songs in the film are on the official soundtrack.   Paltrow has at least three top-quality songs in the film, all of which she performs herself.   She sounds like someone who has been performing country her entire life.  Meester's \\"Words I Couldn't Say\\", which she also performs on her own, is potentially a #1 single for her.   It's really that good.    Overall, this might actually be an instance where the soundtrack will outlast the popularity of the movie it originates from.      'Country Strong' amounted to something of a predictable ending, but knowing the destination didn't make the journey any less worth taking for me.   As I type this, Rotten Tomatoes critics have this film at 17%.   I find this rating to be very unfair, and very harsh.    This is an entertaining film that will satisfy the majority of those who spend their money to see it.
030746363X|4.0|Let me just begin this review by saying I am a big fan of Tim Ferris' first book, The Four Hour Workweek, which has literally changed my life.  When I heard Tim was coming out with a book on the human body, I pre-ordered it without a second thought.<br /><br />So here are my impressions on the book:<br /><br />I would say the first couple chapter are some of the best on the book.  If you haven't been optimizing your workout and diet routine before, these chapters will completely change the way you think about health and exercise.  Chapter 2, the Harajuku moment, is also one of the most inspiring stories I have ever read.<br /><br />The rest of the chapters are a mixed bag.  Some of the chapters, like the ones on weight loss were very detailed, while the one on packing on 50 pounds of muscle were a bit light on the details.  I feel like Tim tried to cover too much material in some of the chapters, and left out details that would have made following along a lot easier.<br /><br />Also, the one thing that Tim doesn't really cover in the book is stretching, which is crucial to me as a dancer.  I found his chapters on weight loss and bulking up to be useful, but it would have been great to have a detailed breakdown on how to improve my flexibility as well.<br /><br />Overall, I give this book four stars-- it was eye-opening, and has given me several, actionable steps that I will be taking in 2011 to give myself the best body ever, but at the same time, some of the later chapters were lacking in details that would have helped.
030746363X|5.0|Ferriss, like several other current writers, has published a book that  has a fair bit of recycled material from his blog, with some new stuff  as well.  It's provocative, it's eclectic, and it's pretty compelling.  I've tried several of the techniques listed, mostly the slow carb diet (which  is different than but related to the paleo diet, and seems to work  great so far).  I recommend the book strongly-even if all of the  individual prescriptions were wrong, the idea of applying fairly  simple experiments to your daily life and trying to improve things is  a cool idea and worth looking at in its own right.
1934030198|5.0|Great book.  My husband is training for a half Ironman and he find this book very helpful as it addresses more of the topics relevant to a triathalete than just the exercise itself (e.g.: eating, sleep schedules, scheduling in general, etc).
030746363X|4.0|Really enjoyed the book, and I'm following the weight gain program. My only concern was that certain programs are a bit wordy, and don't offer a complete to-do list to complete certain things. I would have liked a bit more structure. However, thoughts and ideas in the book are great, and after following them for just a week, I already feel improvements. I would definitely read this book, but would suggest to Tim to create a checklist or daily program list to help us who want to stay on the right track with more specifics. (Like, for the weight gain program, do I add the PAGG supplement stack? Am I going for an all out binge like in Body For Life, or am I trying to soften the blow in the binges?) But, overall, great book!
030746363X|5.0|Since picking up the 4HWW in 2007, I've followed Tim on twitter, facebook, on his blog and through various videos and speaking engagemets posted online. Regardless of the topic, I'm always blown away by Tim's wisdom and interesting subject matter. I think if we ever met we'd make great friends. When I read the words \\"the average male is afraid of 2 things; too much email and getting fat\\" I couldn't have agreed more. The book is simple to understand and a gives reslistic expectations based on thorough testing. My girlfriend is also \\"very pleased\\" that I purchased the book. Buy it and you'll quickly understand why. Keep up the good work Tim.
030746363X|5.0|I purchased this book as a Kindle for PC about 2 weeks ago.  My first full-price, full-length book on Kindle.  I was intrigued by some of the teasers which I can't remember now.  I have been implementing it ever since.  Now since I had been \\"somewhat\\" doing his diet suggestions for years I haven't and probably won't see the dramatic results he talks about but since all of his info is presented in a readable and very sensible way I do believe it will happen eventually.  I am almost 65, menopausal and out of shape so it will be a long hard climb but doable.  The writing style is fun, entertaining and difficult to find fault with.  I can't see any reason to deviate since I can have my cake and eat it too.  I was thrilled to find that he doesn't suggest a bunch of stuff that only doctors or nuclear scientists have access to.  It's a good book that I would suggest to anyone looking to make positive changes and who has an open mind.
0937381888|5.0|Got this as a gift for my chemist boyfriend, who is just starting to brew his own beer. He loves the book and the scientific explanations given to describe the whole process. He also liked how the first section of the book is a basic run-through of the most important bits to keep in mind (the author assumes that the reader probably won't finish the entire book before starting a batch, so he tries to give a brief summary off the bat). From what I am told, this is a good one.
B000002GB9|5.0|this band is a classic this album is not their best but its is a great album nice quality cd
B001KVZ6FW|5.0|I love this movie!  I bought it for myself for a present.  I saw it on the big screen in 3-D when it first came out.  It shows that even after a very sad event in life a person, even an older person, can learn how to enjoy life again.  The format by Peter Doctor and others have always been good, but this is their best to date.  The characters were wonderful and the voices were superbly cast.
030746363X|4.0|What a fun book! I ordered two, one for my sister, and we both read it the week before Christmas. We had a great time discussing all of the information in the book. She is a personal trainer and fitness model and particularly enjoyed the \\"science-y\\" stuff. I got some great tips out of this book and have started swinging kettleballs!
030746363X|4.0|If you loved what the 4 Hour Workweek did for your time, money, work, email...everything, then you'll love what the 4-Hour Body will do for your health.  The best way to summarize the book is....why spend 25 hours a month in the gym, when all you need is 4 to get the same results.
B000W91RUG|5.0|I have to start this review by saying I don't much care for sit-coms.  The only other situation comedy I have watched in recent years is [[ASIN:B002JVWQSW Modern Family: The Complete First Season]].  And I really hate laugh tracks -- I don't want anyone telling me what I should think is funny.  When I first heard about \\"The Big Bang Theory,\\" I had no interest in watching it.  It didn't sound at all like anything I would enjoy so I didn't watch any of the first 3 1/2 seasons on network TV.  Had I known it had a laugh track, I'd have been even more positive I wouldn't like this show.<br /><br />But one of my close friends loves it and kept talking about how funny it was so when the first three seasons were on sale over Black Friday weekend, I decided to give it a chance by starting from the beginning.  I got interested by the time I finished the pilot episode and completely hooked before I finished the first disc of Season 1.  I think it is so funny, I am usually laughing enough that I don't notice the laugh track.<br /><br />I did some marathon Big Bang watching sessions and finished all three seasons in just over a month.  Now I only have to catch up on the beginning of Season 4.<br /><br />The cast does an excellent job portraying their hilarious characters and the writers give them great lines and situations.  This is now one of my favorites shows despite the laugh track.
B002ZG974M|5.0|A delightful movie/documentary that I highly recommend.  Gave the DVD to a friend for a Christmas present.    Delivery was quick and the DVD was in good shape.
B003U0AHBO|4.0|Despite the needlessly convoluted opening scenes, director Ridley Scott provides a vigorous, gritty spin on the Robin Hood legend. Russell Crowe and Cate Blanchett make an ideal Robin and Marian for the 21st century - backed by impressive production values, a fine supporting cast (Max von Sydow and William Hurt are always welcome) and Scott's epic sweep. The 156-minute \\"director's cut\\" is slightly overlong yet superior to Kevin Costner's ridiculous 1991 version. Judging by the international box-office success, do not be surprised if Crowe, Blanchett and Scott reunite for a sequel.
0786868724|5.0|Outlining this book for you and then commenting on each segment of the story, as some others have done, would provide little in the way of insight about this wonderful piece of literature.  I did not find it to be an easy read.  Initially, I found it to be somewhat pointless.  But as the story progresses it \\"grows\\" on the reader, introducing him/her to parallel personalities from different walks of life, each of whom becomes so real you will feel you actually know them personally.  When you've finished reading Have a Little Faith you'll find that, while you've been reading stories about the lives of others, you've discovered a lot about yourself; and that's a beautiful thing.
0307266303|4.0|I'm not much of a reader but, found book very inspiring and learned some very good tips and techniques on running, it has helped me on my cardio, went from running 20 min on a treadmill to one hour in the park. I'd definitely recommend this book to anyone who has a hard time or don't like doing any cardio workouts.
B003DZX3SA|5.0|This is a clssic movie. I purchased this for my 4 &5 year old girls and they love it. They've watched it 5 times in 2 weeks. I paid $14.99 and got free shipping but saw it cheaper when it was closer to Christmas time.
B003YFIUW8|5.0|I had never heard of Emma Donoghue before I purchased this book. She will now be on my list of author's to watch!    I won't rewrite the book description here.. But this book was an original!     It was happy, sad & dare I say a little creepy at the same time. It definitely pulled at every emotion.And keeps you wondering.. What would these characters be like in 5, 10 or 15 years?    It was hard to put down. Highly recommended!
030746363X|5.0|I have been using the slow carb diet plan from the book now for a month and I have lost 21#!  I love the presentation and the variety of topics. Very helpful for me!    Thanks
B00006JSS8|5.0|I bought this CD and listened to it for days and days; it's still in my truck as a \\"go to\\" CD.  Well compiled and the incomparable Stevie Wonder is just a joy to have around.
B000EUDAWG|3.0|this toy is slow and not very durable however watching my kids would laugh so hard when it scared me thet are 3 and 4 so that alone is enough for me
B00004SL6B|5.0|Well I don't own this CD but I have heard these songs before, my favorite is #3, it resonates with me in a hard to describe way .
B00406UK5A|4.0|I enjoyed The Last Legion with Colin Firth and this one is just as enjoyable a movie to me. It supposedly depicts the final war that ended the with the Pict's victory over the Romans' Legions and the political posturing within the Roman Leaders. Great scenic vistas, awesome battle between the \\"savages\\" and the \\"professionals\\". It is a good \\"historical\\" story revealing glimpses of the life of Romans and Natives with some romance added plus intrigues between peoples, tribes and friends/comrades.
B000SINT52|5.0|I think now, if you think with me, there is a lot of truth to what was presented in this movie. At first it was an act against WMDs (despite the fact the UN found nothing, well except falsified documents from Nigeria from Mr. Blair's Office) but this was quickly - \\"ohh, ok, its humanitarian then\\". Interesting shift and with a few drones visiting innocent wedding party goers it is really all worth it, and the war had nothing to do with profiteering. Halliburton turned out to be fair and honest, yes? And the current deficit is not a side effect of trillions of dollars on war.<br /><br />Funny how the USA can collect a trillion to bash partygoers but not billions to help develop health care, but looks like the agenda is at least on the table now, or is it another Obama Noble Speech Thing? Time will tell.<br /><br />Funny world out there. Too bad we just can't all live in peace and harmony. I am Canadian and live in the Middle East. I often meet Pakistani's and had a chat with one from the Swat valley about 10 hours ago. He smiled. He was nice. He had 8 children still in the Swat region. He was afraid of America. He understands that the bad groups there are working out of poverty. Its not a religious thing at all for an average Muslim. There are extremist groups. He knows that they get their money from opium sales, as does the US govt., and wonders why crops are not destroyed. He is a genuinely nice guy. He is not an extremist. Most of the people there are not. Why did the US go there and \\"if\\" they were looking for one person why did they kill thousands of others in the process? What did Sadam have to do with this?<br /><br />I am not sure how the ideas within this can really be questioned, as being incorrect. I saw the movie for the first time several years ago. It is fermenting with time the yeast is now oozing the truth to the surface.<br /><br />If you are a US government supporter you will probably not enjoy this so much, and will probably rate it with a 1.
0316069884|5.0|I am 28 years old and I love cheesesteaks...I grew up crushing 2 for $2 Big Macs before lacrosse practice (an act that if attempted prior to physical exertion might literally might kill me these days...) because they were delicious and I was raised in an environment where eating meat was never a question.  Foer does not force feed you (intended) the evils of eating animals but has created an extremely well intentioned vehicle that allows you to make your own decisions.  Books have done a lot to me in the past both intellectually and emotionally, but I can't think of a book that has the potential to change my daily lifestyle quite like this one.      Read this book and then pass it on...it's important for all the reasons you'll learn about in the book.
B003EYVY04|2.0|I think many people have talked about this but the whole reason for buying this DVD was to see a new \\"directors\\" cut of the movie. The first two ultimate editions of the Harry Potter movie had a least some added footage but this DVD has nothing. I didn't need another copy of the movie.
0060936223|5.0|The 1970s were a decade during which much of popular cultured passed me by. Thus, I had no idea who Patti Smith is when I saw her interviewed by Jeffrey Brown on the PBS News Hour. I credit Mr. Brown with my decision to buy \\"Just Kids\\" and find out more about her.<br /><br />Robert Mapplethorpe's name was familiar to me - more, I suspect, because of the notoriety of his art than the art itself - and he had come across to me as an enfant terrible pornographer. Not my taste in art.<br /><br />So, the book: it is exquisitely written, a love story in nearly 300 pages.<br /><br />We feel we already know Patti Smith when she arrives in New York City in the summer of 1967 and later realize that throughout her life she has benefited from having had a stable, supportive family as she grew up.  Mapplethorpe, by contrast, impresses us as a young man who has felt his family's disdain as he developed his unique art and rejected his father's wish that he pursue a commercial career.<br /><br />Lovers for three years and life-long friends, Smith and Mapplethorpe seem to have been each other's muse, as they explore art and she becomes a punk rocker and he a photographer. She, eventually, marries and has children with her husband, and he, having first become a street hustler and then the lover of an older, wealthy man who helps him to stardom, succumbs to AIDS, 42 years old.<br /><br />Now in her mid-60s, Patti Smith looked and sounded like a rocker, but also as a poet, in her interview with Jeffrey Brown. \\"Just Kids\\" is a canvas on which the lives and art of two extraordinarily talented young people are painted. It's beautiful.
030746363X|5.0|Very interesting book... life is all about experimenting, growing and self- development.. T.Ferris is such an inspiration... a must-have book!!!
B002N5N5LG|5.0|I watched the Halloween episode of Community and thought to myself, \\"There is no way in hell they will ever top this episode in terms of sheer awesomeness.\\"  Then they broadcast the Goodfellas parody.  Again I thought, \\"Okay, they topped the Halloween episode, but there's no way they'll ever top this.\\"  Then they broadcast the paintball episode.    Community is arguably the best cast half-hour comedy series on television. Fantastic ensemble acting all around. The writing is sharp, relevant, and hilarious. And they trot in a steady stream of talented Hollywood feature film directors (Johnathan Lin and the Russo Brothers for example) to direct the episodes.    This show is criminally under-watched. If you're already a fan of Arrested Development or Always Sunny, go ahead and buy the whole first season.
030746363X|5.0|Tim has a great writing style which makes this an easy read.  It is also easy to put in to action and simple to understand. Most importantly it works!
0316098337|4.0|Emma Donoghue's \\"Room: A Novel\\" is a book you will reflect on long after you've read it.  After completing it several months ago, I'm intrigued in the ways that the experience Jack and Ma shared in Room still comes back to me.     Life imprisoned in an 11 x 11 foot room is described in the first third of the novel. I was immediately drawn into Jack and Ma's experience, although I found it to be sordid and disturbing at times.  My pulse was racing during the first reading, so I'm glad that I read the book twice--the second time I was able to appreciate the \\"big picture\\" better, because I wasn't startled by some of the details.    One thing I haven't seen mentioned in some of the other reviews is that in spite of being sheltered from the real world, Jack's cognitive abilities, reasoning, and conscience have matured in accordance with typical theories of child development.  As a 5-year-old, he begins to be more independant, assertive, and even argumentative with Ma.  He is craving social opportunities--whether it be with a spider, mouse, cartoon characters, and even has a few interactions with Old Nick(!!!)        The climax comes early in this book, but the latter part remains interesting and thought provoking. This book really makes me want to engage in a deeper discussion about the characters and their dilemma.
B00004RF9B|5.0|&#34;Forbidden Planet&#34; is not just another space-monster film. The film introduces the concept of hyperdrive as a means of traveling faster than light, and overall the story is thoughtful, and contains numerous twists that add zip to the story.<br /><br />This one was far ahead of its time, and still helps set the standard for space opera science fiction. Recommended. RJB.
030746363X|5.0|The author was right....we dont want to or need to read every chapter contained in this book. He offers enough information in abut 20% of the book to not only get on your way to a better health program, but interesting enough that you want to peruse more of the book.  Anyone can eat this way and he explains how and why!!!
030746363X|5.0|As a big fan of The Four Hour Work Week I waited anxiously for Tim's new book.  It was well worth the wait!    I put the Slow Carb plan in effect and lost 4.5lbs the first week.  The plan is easy to follow and not as boring as you may at first think.  Just got done my first Dieters Gone Wild day yesterday.  The sections are easy to follow and, as per the title, give you plans for health, weight loss, and fitness that don't require giant chunks of your life.  Bravo to Tim for another great book!
B000PMLFRA|2.0|Pointless CGI additions that only serve to distract the eye and worse, degrade the story. These versions at first didn't bother me that much, and thinking back now it's difficult to understand why. They ruin several aspects of the movies, and I'm not going to list every example and why it does as you probably know yourself if you're the kind of person who gets annoyed by this sort of thing. You're also intelligent enough to make your own mind up. Safe to say that Lucas has proved that his decisions of late are seriously flawed, and these versions of the 'original trilogy' are an obvious example of that.    Fundamental changes to character - Han Solo, Jabba the Hutt, Anakin, Boba Fett - are not minor changes in my opinion and some of them make no sense whatsoever. The opening of Jedi is ruined entirely with the Disney-esque dance number and the amazing work of the model departments and original actor (in the example of Boba) are given less respect than the audience. Ultimately these versions are a muddle. A muddle of effects, character, story (Jabba scene is pointless and incongruous with his later character) and tone (if he was trying to 'bring them in line with the prequels' why create a further childish sing along sequence when Sith is all about child murder and physical maiming?).    The original trilogy is loved by millions for what it was; An amazing batch of films made in a time before CGI, that changed special effects and science fiction. No film ever reaches 100 % of what the director wants and most directors live with that for a good reason. To revisit years later is unfaithful to the team that created it in the first place, and unfaithful to the original vision. Lucas has changed, his priorities have changed, and although he might think it has, story telling hasn't changed. Fundamentally, we react to character and story, not to the thousand new creatures jumping around in the background of Mos Eisely. It degrades the original vision, and I for one will notbe giving any more money away to Mr. Lucas until he releases the original trilogy without the CGI additions and subsequent changes.    Clean the picture up to how it was when first released. Clean the sound up to how great it was on the finished master, but then stop. The ultimate irony is that Lucas has attacked the 'colourisation' of black and white films and rightly so. However, the arguments against colourisation are almost seamlessly transferable to this travesty also. Why change what people love? It simply provokes confusion and disgust.
0743435753|1.0|The copy of this book that I received has internal damage<br />to the spine. I am afraid it will not last past very many<br />perusals before it disintegrates, unfortunately.<br />Sincerely yours, Tony Racki
0545265355|5.0|Great books! be prepared to read straight through them as there is no way you will be able to put it down once you start. never a dull moment with these books, it keeps moving and keep your attention. Those looking for the perfect series to read, this is it!
B000F9RB8A|4.0|Got this for my honey and he is SO happy. He loves this movie and has already watched several times.
B000159EEW|1.0|I have never received his item.  I received an open envelope without the ordered item in it.  After contacting the seller<br />I was told that they would ship another one.  I still have not received it.
030746363X|4.0|Tim Ferriss's style of writing makes this a fun if not an enjoyable book to read. its full of interesting concepts and new ideas (at least new to me) that i intend to test.
030746363X|4.0|This is a great book and I've enjoyed it a lot. I love how it covers a wide variety of topics as they pertain to fitness and health (even sex). The only critical thing I have to say is that it seems many of the methods Tim talks about include supplements and equipment that I don't possess. Obviously the object of the book is not too easily hand-deliver results to me without any work on my part, so I do not blame Mr. Ferriss for this problem. It just seems like there are more things to buy beyond the book in order to accomplish some of these outcomes and being a minimum-wage 18 year old student, I can't fork over a ton :) but again, this is a great book and I am VERY happy Tim wrote it!    I plan on experimenting more once I get a better job. This is a wonderful book and I would suggest it to anyone who is thinking about it.
030746363X|5.0|My entire family are using the tools in this book.  We all take time to do the Kettlebell swings and workout together(me,wife and 13 year old daughter).  The diet recommended in the book is called \\"boring\\" but is is far from that, we actually like it and I have more energy.  We are all seeing results after only a few weeks and look forwared to our future progress.<br /><br />Nice job again Tim on a great book, I look forward to other great books!<br /><br />I love the kindle version with all the great links provided to make us more successful with this lifestyle.
B002ZG993Q|1.0|The American stars George Clooney as some sort of agent or assassin that is being trailed by the Swedes and is hiding out in an Italian town. Why he is being trailed is never explained and the action in this movie probably amounts to less than 5 minutes in all. This is not a thriller or a drama. It's not an action movie or much of anything really.<br /><br />The movie moves at a snails pace with tons of filler camera shots that mean nothing. The shots seem to be there just to use time because there is nothing behind them. Conversations are few and far between and they take place for maybe 3 minutes and then it is back to useless camera shots and angles of Clooney looking like a tormented zombie. We see Clooney exercise several times and then we see him making a gun for another assassin in torturing detail and more filler.<br /><br />Unless you like slow movies that go nowhere and end predictably with nothing being explained then you might want to stay away from this exercise in viewing tedium.
B0038BBA4I|5.0|I will start this by saying that I never watch MTV, VH1 or any of the music channels.  I was watching something on my DVR late one night and my girlfriend had been watching VH1 earlier so the tuner was on that channel.  My show finished and went back to the tuner while the last 1 minute of \\"Little Lion Man\\" was video was being shown.  That was all I needed.  I hate country.  I hate bluegrass.  I love Mumford and Sons.  These guys have something very special here.  I have not listened to an album as often as this one since Big Whiskey came out.  I have now listened to this more.  There is not one song on the album that I don't like.  I cannot even pick out a favorite.  The whole thing is my favorite.  You may be asking yourself, \\"Self, should I really buy this album after reading one person rant about how much he loves this band?\\"  To that question I offer this:  This is the first ever review for Amazon I have ever written and I have been coming to this site to read reviews on music for years.  This album truly motivated me to spread the word about how great these guys are.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|This movie is so cute that we've watched it a few times.  I had purchased it for my daughter for Christmas and it came earlier than expected, in great condition and was so cute that it's a movie that you can watch over and over.
B003ZSJ212|4.0|Star Wars fans, please stop crying! First, no one has seen the new complete Blue Ray version. It comes out in September 2011. Lets wait until then to make our judgments. It may look great! As far as Lucas adding to the originals (IV, V, and VI), remember, as much as we loved them, in their theatrical release, Lucas said that \\"he never really finish the first 3 films and he did so. You may noy like it but remember one important fact. While many Star Wars fans feel the movies are theirs, it's not. There are George Lucas' and if he felt they weren't finish and he had to add to them, like it or not it's his and only his decision. Finally, all fans, enjoy any Star Wars versions you love best whether on VHS, disc, DVD, HD, or Blue Ray. They are all true cassics.
B004HFON7K|4.0|I set my expectations low for this movie and they were exceeded. The movie is WAY over the top, and is pretty tongue-in-cheek, but there's some great laughs and some pretty good action too. It's the kind of movie where it'd go well with a few beers. My wife and I had fun.
030746363X|5.0|I am a registered nurse and love learning about nutrition and health. I have purchase three hardback copies for friends and a Kindle copy for myself.  Many good ideas for additional research.So much good stuff. I have read many parts of the book two and three times. Enjoy!
030746363X|4.0|The whole premise of the book is self experimentation.  So the book is not meant to be a complete reference to each specific area but is a great source of compressed information on all of the subjects and something that you can use to start your own self experimentation and research.      I have started to blog my progress of following Tim's suggestions in the book at [...] I am only 2 weeks in and doing good.  If dropped a few lbs and more importantly I feel great.    Everyone experience is going to be different because everyones goals are different.  I want to 1) lose fat and get down to 10% body fat 2) get stronger and more balanced 3) fix some old football injuries 4) learn to run properly and have better endurance 5) make my wife happy.    I have only give this book 4 stars because I feel that the chapters on running (sprinting and distance running) could have been tied together a bit more.  I also think the routines could have been combined more, they are different for each chapter but what if you are trying to do accomplish multiple goals?    I have put together my own routine and one I get my body fat down will probably tweak it to focus more on speed and strength.    If you want results there is more than enough instruction and motivation in this book to get you going.
B0000AKOVP|5.0|The disc itself is in perfect condition, not a \\"pop\\" to be heard.  It arrived on time, as promised.
030746363X|5.0|Great sequel to his first book.  Lots of detail about different approaches for whatever your goal is; whether it's fat loss, muscle gain, endurance, etc.  Well worth the hype!!
B000GG4XJM|5.0|This is such a good album. You cannot help but tap your feet along with each song and come off finishing the album with a big grin on your face It is good, simple, fun music. I love that you can hear the songs actually being performed and developing rather than a sterile studio album and it seems pretty obvious that a lot of fun was had making this music. The DVD is great to watch to soak up the atmosphere the music was played in and to see the group interaction. Bruce seems to be getting better and better and this is no exception.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
030746363X|4.0|Yes, I read The 4 Hour Work Week. Yes, I like Tim's hacks for work, his methods to best sell his books. Yes, I loved seeing the video trailer for this book. Ha, a trailer for a book.    To be clear I have had three personal trainers. I've 'summitted' the ripped body several times. My desire in the past was to 'look good naked and get laid'. Now, I am after something different - vitality. I want more energy. Yes, I want a six-pack and a beautiful body too, but I am not after a four week solution.     There are loads of ideas in this book I had not seen before. Though, it is true, I haven't looked for them. And, I'm not a super-athlete in any category. I'm a strong willed average guy. This book presented some new ideas. My favorite has to be the documenting progress that Tim says helps with Swaraj. I scheduled a body composition test at the University to track my results. My experience of getting in shape and not tracking fits exactly with Tim's. Track and document your progress.    I am trying some of his ideas. Like, a single set to failure with a 5/5 second pause up and down in the rep.     In the past, an award winning professional bodybuilder prescribed me a workout regiment.  The cheat day in diet is standard practice. But Tim's suggested workout is different. Still, I'm going to try it and PAGG the supplement synergy. I'm also going to try the kettle-bell, and cold therapy. AND, I will see if it works. If it is not spectacular, it's okay. I still will have the BodPod process and plenty of new ideas. from this book.      Final thoughts, Yes, Tim is a motivated author. He does get paid to sell books. He is also a marketer, he also (apparently) got 500 people to write 5 star reviews, and he has traveled the world using his business model hacks. Personally, I think if you are jealous your life isn't Tim's or you can't understand his method, focus, or desire. You wont like this book. That is clear to me when I read the 1 and 2 star reviews. If you are interested inhacking your life, respect the idea of hacking, and simplifying, and have a desire to do so, AND, you like that Tim can and does. You will enjoy his book.
B000Y9Q59W|4.0|When I saw that the sequel to this film is coming out I thought I would rent the original to give myself the back story and put things into perspective. For those who don't know, this film follows a junior stock broker (played By Charlie Sheen) who idolises an investment genius Gordon Gekko (Douglas), he manages to manoeuvre his way under Gekko's wing and starts to learn just how ruthless you have to be to get ahead in the finance industry. He also learns there are some rather unscrupulous and unethical ways to get ahead as well and his inner conflict is what brings this film to a head. This has a good cast of established actors (which includes Charlie Sheens real life father, Martin Sheen, whom plays his dad), as well as many future up an coming stars and you even get a brief cameo from Oliver Stone, who is the director, as another stock broker. Essentially this film is all about the culture of greed on wall street during the eighties, but somehow there is something compelling about the wheeling and dealing and way the trades are manages. If anything this glamorises the finance industry rather than acts as a cautionary tale. All in all this is a well acted and directed film and although it feels a little dated now it still makes for two hours entertaining enough viewing.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0307266303|4.0|I ordered this book through my library (amazon's great but so is your library).  I have been running for like 6 months and this book was just great.  a definite page turner.  and like the title says.....i don't finish books often due to my poor attention span.  i think non-runners would like it too.
B000000H5K|4.0|This is a brilliant album. It has the usual amazing drumming, guitars and lyrics, all with the influence of traditional Brazilian music. If you're a fan of Sepultura you will love this album, and if you're new to the band then this is a good place to start. Recommended.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B002PAQETY|4.0|Let me get straight to the point: \\"Keep Calm and Carry On\\" is an excellent rocking disc!  I purchased it because of one or two songs I knew were good, and was pleasantly surprised at how good the rest of the disc was.  Stereophonics haven't lost any momentum with this release.  The disc begins and ends a little on the weak side, but everything else in between will make you get up and move.
B001GCUO5W|4.0|`Shutter Island' is a thriller set in the fifties which follows two US Marshals who are investigating an escape at an institute for the criminally insane. The asylum is on an island and they get stranded there after a big storm sweeps in after their arrival. They have to work out how the patient escaped and what other sinister things have been occurring on the island before it is all too late. Di Caprio plays Edward Daniels, one of the Marshals, who is also traumatised by his past during and after the war and he relives some of this history via flashbacks throughout the film.<br /><br />This had a dark, sinister feel to it from the word go and you are very quickly drawn into the intrigue and mystery on the island. You are unsure whether the head doctor is trustworthy or not and the other patients also add a surreal element to the proceedings. Everyone plays their roles very well and Kingsley is especially noteworthy as the head doctor. This is excellently directed by Scorsese and the soundtrack also adds to the tension, as any good score should.<br /><br />This has a twist in the end, that although fairly predictable, still ties things up neatly and gives you food for thought long after you've finished watching. More and more scenes become clearer as you think back and characters motivations make more sense. All in all this is a good thriller with solid performances from the whole cast and it keeps you engaged for the two hour duration. Worth a look at some point.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B000FA57N0|5.0|Present for ME!!  I love it - Thank You!!
B00005JKMQ|5.0|I don't think I've ever seen Will Smith act as good as this. He has the mannerisms and turn of phrase of Ali so spot on it's spooky. This film looks at Ali's rise to glory, his religious discovery and development and his relationships with his wife and lovers, contemporary journalists (which provide some of the best scenes in the film) and with other fighters and the public. This is a long film, but doesn't feel like it at all. This is one of those films I am able to watch again and again and i highly recommend it.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B0000AQS0F|5.0|Present for ME!!  I love it - Thank You!!
B0035G9ABQ|4.0|I was eagerly looking forward to the new Gorillaz album and have given this a solid listening to over the past months to gauge fully it's sound and feel. This is a great progression to their last album and whilst the sound is familiar territory, it has moved on enough to keep things interesting. My favourite track easily has to be `Stylo' which has some amazing vocals from Bobby Womack and Mos Def and an infectious groove from the off. As always on a Gorillaz album there are wonderful collaborations throughout and the artist roll call is especially impressive this time, featuring Snoop Dogg, Lou Reed, Mark E Smith and Mick Jones, amongst others. Gorillaz always manages to be at the forefront of the music scene at the time of each release and with `Plastic Beach' that remains the same and this album offers up plenty of tunes to delight and interest old and new fans alike.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
1597801585|4.0|This was the first book I read in 2011 and I can say that the year started on the right foot.<br /><br />The book setting is Post-Apocalyptic Bangkok, living on time borrowed from both the raising sea levels and the latest versions of food oligopolies biowarfare vectors. The world is slowly shrinking again, the initial catastrophic expansion caused by the exhaustion of the oil reserves. Nevertheless, the main sources of power still are, once more, beasts of burden and the weather.<br /><br />Collapse of the economies of entire continents, chronic malnourishment, religious cleansings and an endless string of resistant terminal infections have pushed humanity to the very edge of existence. And yet, human greed and blind ambition still offer the impetus for the endless power-games that care not how many lives get trampled under its threads.<br /><br />An American investor/spy after Thailand's only remaining bio-treasure; a shrewd and ruthless refugee trying to rebuilt his empire lost to murderous fundamentalism; government factions locked in a power-struggle to the death; and a seductively-designed Japanese Windup Girl that will unwillingly serve as the catalyst for the brewing explosion.<br /><br />The book losses its 5th star because of its ending - and I will say no more to avoid any spoilers.<br />Other than that, a potent mix of William Gibson and Pierre Ouellette.<br /><br />RECOMMENDED!
B002VECLVY|4.0|`A Single Man' is the excellent directional debut from Tom Ford and this offers up an artistic and visual treat. This is set in the sixties and follows a gay school teacher as he struggles to come to terms with the death of his long time partner. He works his way through one last day before he contemplates his suicide so he can be with his lover again. His deep sadness is potent throughout and yet as he goes through his day various small events give him a sense of life's wonder and promise. This has some wonderfully framed scenes and the use of colours and camera angles make this a very polished affair. Firth is exceptional in this and the relationship with his friend Charley (played by Julianne Moore) makes for some funny and heart warming scenes. The use of music in this film really adds to the beauty of the direction and together they create a stunning film. This is relatively short at just over 90 minutes but it is very well crafted and has the prefect tempo for the story being told. Firth deserves every accolade he received for this film and if Ford continues making films like this then he will rapidly become a director of distinction and one worth keeping an eye out for in future. All in all this is a moving and visually stunning film.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B0017T4IG0|5.0|Comeon, post a sampling of the music. This soundtrack was great. And the ideas were way before computers took over in Terminator or Data did it with Tasha..give us a hint of where the ideas come from - we know.
B0018CMJSU|5.0|'The Godfather Trilogy' is epic filmmaking at it's best. You get to see incredible actors portraying the intrigue, betrayal and inner machinations of mafia life from the early 20th century through three generations. The story is spell binding and gripping and the direction is superb. I'll say what everyone says and that is, G1 is brilliant, G2 is a great sequel that adds to the story and understanding of the corleone family and G3 is hmmmm, well, a disappointment. Don't expect too much from it and you'll be ok. Buy the boxset for the extras and to own a slice of movie history, it is often classed as the best trilogy out there, and with some justification.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0767903862|3.0|Well, I have mixed feelings. While I found it a fast read once I got into it, I also found myself constantly watching the pages waiting for it to be over. 2.5 stars?<br /><br />PROS: I thought that it had some really witty funny moments, and it was certainly an interesting read. I even laughed aloud at a couple parts!<br />- I learned a whole lot of history (I hope that it's true though; I don't want to be stating wrong facts in the future). It doesn't bother me that much of the book is a retelling of history books that he read, because frankly he puts it in a much more accessible writing style, and makes these history lessons fun to read.<br />- I also found out about several spots that I didn't know about (even in cities I've traveled, like across the Sydney harbour) and are now on my \\"to-visit\\" list for future trips.<br /><br />CONS: He can be a little over-dramatic. His descriptions of things sometimes elicited eye rolls, and it ended up getting on my nerves.<br />- It also often seemed like he was trying too hard to be funny, and that ended up taking me out of the moment and just saying \\"oookay, I think that you went a little overboard now.\\" (He made many things sound much worse than they are. Granted he's doing it for humor, I get it, but he over-milked it)<br />- I also feel that he didn't actually report much in terms of what to do in each city. Aside from a few destinations, he was either incredibly vague about what he did in a city he liked (Adelaide he seemed to really enjoy, but mostly just reported walking around and being at a park) or extremely specific about boring trivial details of a place he didn't like (such as the full day's report of hotel conditions, pubs, gift store, boring museum/landmark, pub again).<br />- I don't believe he gave each city enough time to really enjoy and explore it. Of course, some towns are so small they don't need that much time, but he certainly missed many key points. His trips seemed very rushed...pretty sure much of it was spent driving through nothingness, which made his time in the cities lessened.<br />- Also would've been nice if he'd spent more time with Australian people, experiencing Aussie things (sporting event....backyard bbq...) He did virtually zero reporting on their food!hingness, which made his time in the cities lessened.  - Also would've been nice if he'd spent more time with Australian people, experiencing Aussie things (sporting event....backyard bbq...) He did virtually zero reporting on their food!
B00005JL2O|5.0|I shouldn't find it as funny as I do, but I can't help but laugh so hard my sides ache every time I watch this film. The characters are so hilarious and there are so many of them that you find yourself laughing virtually non stop. Myers is so funny to watch and so original and ahead of the game in all he does. So many catchphrases have come from this movie it just shows how funny and in tune with viewers it is. Buy it, watch it and laugh so hard you'll cry!<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B000068FXR|5.0|CRISIS? WHAT CRISIS? was the second great Supertramp album in a row, following the breakthrough CRIME OF THE CENTURY. The album still maintains a bit of the Grand Funk Railroad/Montrose-inspired heaviness that was present on CRIME while still having considerable pop appeal. It's a shame that none of the songs here are regularly played on classic rock radio, except for a few stations, but it shows that the band was able to make an exemplary album despite being under stress to keep up the momentum after CRIME OF THE CENTURY broke through. Buy this CD and you won't be disappointed.
B003YK42LQ|3.0|I read some real glowing reviews of `Come Around Sundown' in the music press and eagerly bought my copy and I am disappointed to say that whilst this is a solid KOL album, it is also very much a formulaic affair. The sound is very reminiscent of their previous album and each track sounds very much like the next. The exception to this would have to be `Back Down South' which sounds individual enough to stand out, but which isn't the strongest of tracks. `Radioactive' has been chosen for the first single and it is a good choice as it has some decent driving drums and guitars to keep things moving along, but it hasn`t got much else going for it. This all sounds quite negative, and I don't mean it to, as this is a very good album. The vocals so beloved by fans are still there and the song writing is just as good as on previous offerings, it just doesn't show any real development and maybe my expectations were too high leaving me feeling disappointed. Overall though, this is a solid, if slightly uninspired, offering from the Fallowill boys, but it should please existing fans (myself included) no end.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B000FCK8ZK|1.0|This book is not well written. I really forced myself to try and like it, since I love the Showtime series so much - but this just didn't do it. At all. The characters were flat, bland, with Rita & her kids mentioned just a few times. The Dexter we all know and love does not shine through at all in this - Michael C. Hall does a better job than the written character itself. As an avid reader and major fan of the Showtime show, this book was not for me. Honestly, it's at about a 7th grade reading level.
B003ZJJHWK|4.0|On first listen `Swanlights' doesn't have the immediate impact of `I Am A Bird Now', but after repeated listening you see it is just as beautiful and in some ways more nuanced. From the opening track `Everything is New' and hearing Antony's spellbinding vocals you know you are on safe ground here and the rest of the album doesn`t disappoint. There is a duet with Bjork here as well and I have to say it is one of my favourite tracks on the album, the blend of their voices is nothing short of magical. I tend to feel this is a better constructed album than `The Crying Light' and is the worthy successor to `IAABN' that we were waiting for. Needless to say, for fans of Antony and the Johnsons this will be a pleasing affair and for those new to their stuff I suggest you try `IAABN' first and then come to this down the line to fully appreciate the music on offer.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0385342047|4.0|I've always been a giant fan of the Shopaholic series, and for me this book did NOT disappoint. Becky Brandon (nee Bloomwood, of course) is finally, FINALLY back in this hilarious novel. While her daughter Minnie's similarly shopping-addictive ways did have me groaning in some parts, and Luke's constant \\"crisis at work\\" grouchiness got me sighing, I still managed to be laughing every four or five pages. This book is a fun, quick read for anyone that is a fan of the Shopaholic series or Sophie Kinsella.
B00102F5WK|4.0|`Rendition' is a political thriller set around the events of an innocent man who is kidnapped, flown out of the country and tortured by the American government when they suspect he is a terrorist. There is also a sub plot (which ties in towards the end) about the police chief (who carries out the torture) who is targeted by an extremist group after he tortures their members. The story is shocking enough before you realise that things like this actually do occur. Gyllenhaal is good as the CIA agent (with a conscience) on the ground, Withersoon plays the distraught wife of the kidnapped man very well indeed, Streep is a chilling cold CIA boss and the actor who plays the police chief is also especially note worthy. This is an atmospheric film and whilst the story loses it way briefly in the middle, by the end it is all tied up and finishes in a satisfactory way. This is a good film if you a fan of political thrillers and whilst some of the torture scenes are hard to watch, they are in context. Worth a viewing at some point.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|DESPICABLE ME is a delightful movie---I loved it---it made me laugh quite a bit!  While Steve Carell et al arejust fine, it's the galley of minions that steal the show.  A stroke of genius, the minions take cute to a whole new level.  It's clever, touching without being maudlin, imaginative, and ultimately vastly entertaining...I had a blast watching.  HIGHLY RECOMMENDED.
B003A4IFGY|4.0|`Mojo' is a return to the Heartbreakers and a return to form for Tom Petty. Although I enjoyed his last few albums, they didn't receive much critical acclaim, whereas the music on offer here is sure to be more of a crowd pleaser. There is more of a range of styles on this album than we are previously used to on one single TP album (although he has toyed with them in the past) and there are Blues, Country and even Reggae influences here, along with Tom's usual distinctive and addictive sound. `Takin' My Time' is one of the more bluesy and it is particularly good with Mike Campbell showing off some great skills here and `Don't Pull Me Over' is the more Reggae influenced and although it is good, it is my least favourite on the album. My favourite has to be `The Trip to Pirate's Cove' which has an excellent intro that sets the mood perfectly. This has a cardboard case, which is certainly environmentally friendly and reminiscent of old Vinyl cases, and it has an excellent booklet, so the overall package isn't lacking whatsoever. If CD packaging stayed along these lines I would be more than happy. Overall this is a solid Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers album and it serves to remind us just why we love his music so much. Snap it up and give it a listen, you will be captivated after just a few plays.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
1582406723|3.0|I received this as a gift from someone who knew I enjoyed both comic books and zombies. I was aware of the TV show but have yet to watch it. After reading the foreword by the author about how this is an epic story that left off where films would finish, I'd say I was short changed. This is very much the run-of-the mill zombie story, not far removed from 28 Days later in style or story, with a classic story arc.<br /><br />It was a fun read, not overly heavy on dialog and full of great drawings, that may serve as an entry into a series that goes on to be great, however solely on the merits of this vol. alone, I'd say it was an average zombie affair with potential to live up to the author's hype.
B000NTPDSW|5.0|'The Godfather Trilogy' is epic filmmaking at it's best. You get to see incredible actors portraying the intrigue, betrayal and inner machinations of mafia life from the early 20th century through three generations. The story is spell binding and gripping and the direction is superb. I'll say what everyone says and that is, G1 is brilliant, G2 is a great sequel that adds to the story and understanding of the corleone family and G3 is hmmmm, well, a disappointment. Don't expect too much from it and you'll be ok. Buy the boxset for the extras and to own a slice of movie history, it is often classed as the best trilogy out there, and with some justification.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B003ZK58WM|2.0|Where to start with this book?  (I wish I had never started this book!)  It's too long, it contains too many characters, it presents complicated historical events simplistically and unrealistically, and Mr. Follett's ability to write sex scenes falls far short of erotic (He seems to cherish female characters who are virgins and then spends an inordinate amount of space describing their first sexual experiences.  Why?).  I'm not sure why he chose to tackle such a difficult subject matter, but readers could save themselves from boredom and become much better informed if they read books like Tuchman's The Guns of August, Alexander Solzhenitsin's August 1914, Martin Gilbert's The First World War, Erich Maria Remarque's All Quiet on the Western Front, Dennis Showalter's Tannenberg: Clash of Empires, Ian Ousby's The Road to Verdun, Peter Hart's The Somme, etc., etc., etc.  So much real and readable history already exists, and many, many fine fictional versions of events already exist that this book really seems unnecessary and ill advised.  I may, however, give Mr. Follett another chance if I read his earlier book, The Pillars of the Earth.  If you haven't read this book, don't start.  If you haven't purchased this book, don't.
B000OPPBEQ|5.0|Lauded when first released and with endlessly debated sequels, the matrix has without a doubt left it's mark on modern film making. The visual effects are stunning, even now, years after each films release and the taut, clever story-lines give you something to think about when the film has finished and the effects have faded away. The sequels are of mixed quality depending on who you ask, but overall they form a coherent narrative that fleshes out an already in-depth story. This box-set has such an array of extras it's difficult to know where to start. Each extra disc gives you another insight into the matrix films and philosophy. Then with subsequent viewings you can't help but see the extra details with a fresh eye. You even get the excellent animatrix short films for good measure. The films are brilliant and the extras are superb. An excellent value-for-money box-set, giving you way more than many other box-sets of a similar price.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B001EN71DQ|4.0|this is a good item the dvds were vary good but the cases are cheap thin plastic cases this the new set i love them i just went out and got diffrent cases so they are fine
B0035G9ABG|4.0|I was eagerly looking forward to the new Gorillaz album and have given this a solid listening to over the past months to gauge fully it's sound and feel. This is a great progression to their last album and whilst the sound is familiar territory, it has moved on enough to keep things interesting. My favourite track easily has to be `Stylo' which has some amazing vocals from Bobby Womack and Mos Def and an infectious groove from the off. As always on a Gorillaz album there are wonderful collaborations throughout and the artist roll call is especially impressive this time, featuring Snoop Dogg, Lou Reed, Mark E Smith and Mick Jones, amongst others. Gorillaz always manages to be at the forefront of the music scene at the time of each release and with `Plastic Beach' that remains the same and this album offers up plenty of tunes to delight and interest old and new fans alike.<br /><br />This `Experience Edition' features an additional DVD which features a `making of' documentary and also a code to access additional information from the band website. The documentary is relatively short, and the disc lacks any extras, but it does give an insight into the making of the album and should please hardcore fans. For the casual listener you can buy the single disc version of the album and be easily satisfied knowing you aren't missing anything truly groundbreaking.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B002ZG98C8|4.0|it was great to see Danny Trejo in a lead role finally. he is such a great actor, but we never really get to see that on the big screen since he gets supporting actor/ or semi-small roles. Nice to see a good cast, DeNiro, Seagal, Alba, Michelle Rodriguez (from Fast and the Furious movies), Cheech Marin, and even Don Johnson (making a comeback). Great cast. DeNiro played his role well, even if it wasn't too much of a big one. Same with Seagal, and it was nice to see Seagal play a bad guy - that doesn't happen often. Seagal def was convincing.<br /><br />I think the writing could of been a bit better for some of the minor roles (Seagal/DeNiro), but it was nice to see Trejo with the main role. He should definitely do some more movies w/ bigger roles.<br /><br />This was a good movie, and i hope they make a sequel or two.
B0000DZ3EA|5.0|This album is amazing. Definitely the place to start for new comers, and a great couple of hours remembering how great PG is for existing fans. The first disc has the well known tracks and the second, the most brilliant ones that slipped through the net. Pg's music has that rare power to both move and uplift you and it is a great feeling every time. Highly recommended for any music collection.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
030746363X|5.0|I read the Four Hour Workweek and really enjoyed it.  It was inspirational and motivating.  I expected Tim Farris' new book to be the same but it has far exceeded my expectations.  I've had the book a couple of weeks and have already benefited.  I solved a chronic nagging health issue and have gotten in even better shape using kettlebells.  I'm considering giving up my gym membership because I'm able to get a better workout in 30 minutes using Tim's kettlebell workout than I was getting at the gym in an hour plus drive time.  I look forward to learning more from Tim's out of the box look at things.
B00000K3D4|5.0|This is a magical film. It has incredible puppetry, great music and a fun storyline. This film captivated me as a child and still does so now as an adult. It is one that can be truly described as timeless. The characters are fantastic to watch and the additional disc (make sure you buy this version and not the single disc version) with making of documentary is interesting to watch. Buy it and enter the world of The labyrinth and become spellbound.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B002ZG97RE|5.0|Before you watch this film, put aside your political views regarding the Iraq war and the Bush administration.  If you don't, you will not have an objective appreciation based on the merits of the film.  Remember it is a work of ficion.  The movie is non-stop action and the plot is thought provocking.  It is well acted, and the action scenes are very, very well made.  It is an exciting movie from start to finish.   I realize that the people involved in the film are probably anti-Iraq war, but regardless of that, the have made an excellent and very entertaining film.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This is a fantastic film! The animation is superb, as to be expected from Miyazaki, and the story is original and engaging. The environmental themes to the story are especially relevant and give the added poignancy that make this one of Miyazaki's many triumphs. The translation is excellent with respected actors providing their voices. This has to be in any top 5 anime films.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
030746363X|4.0|It was an interesting read, I am applying some of the ideas in the book but having to makes lots of changes to accommodate having diabetes. Thankfully, when I build muscle, my fat burns off very easily so I am able to focus mostly on that and changing the diet isn't that big of a deal. I'll update if I find that something works really well or very badly.      If you are interested in motivation on being a self-experimenter or minimalist approaches to health, then you should give it a read, if nothing else, you will have a friend who is a musclehead or healthnut who would love it as a gift if you find it tiresome.    only reason it got 4 stars instead of five is because I can't use it fully, and so can not say whether it is perfect or not.
B00000DHTF|5.0|It is rare for an artists outtakes and demos to rival their recorded work, but in 'Tracks' you have exactly that. Any of these tracks could have featured on an album. There are acoustic demos, full band rave ups and up to date outtakes. Bruce could always write a brilliant song, but these hidden tracks demonstrate just how prolific and constant his ability is. This comes with a decent booklet with all the lyrics as well. Worth every penny.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B003HARV3Y|4.0|After watching Clash of the Titans, it seemed fitting to watch a junior edition of the Greek Mythos. Percy Jackson & The Olympians: The Lightning Thief may have the longest title in the history of kid's movies.    It also was an enjoyable film.    Follow young Percy as he discovers why his mother lives with a slob of a man and why his best friend has to use canes to walk, yet seems to move quickly.    Being the son of a god means there are people/forces in the world who would like to see your ruin; and if they can tag you with stealing Zeus' lightning bolt, all the better.    Sean Bean represents Zeus in this film. It was hard for me to imagine Bean as a god. Pierce Brosnan is part man-part horse. Yet another image hard for me to imagine.    This is a fun movie for those it was intended - middle school kids. Adults may enjoy the fun romp, but by the end of the film, I was ready for Percy to just hand the bolt over already without having to fight for the longest time.
B00275EGX8|4.0|`The Hurt Locker' looks at a bomb disposal squad during the Iraq war as they go about diffusing various roadside bombs and evade various traps and battles. It has plenty of tension throughout and the use of slow motion cinematography heightens the impact of some of the scenes, as bombs kick up dust, debris and spent gun cartridges cartwheel end over end. By the end this tension has made you see the war from the soldiers perspective a little more and you start to understand their outlook on danger and fighting, even if it makes you further question the involvement in Iraq. The typically gung ho American persona grates initially, but this soon fades as you become more involved in the film. You can see why this won the Oscar and the direction is very impressive and this ranks highly in films made so far about the Iraq war. If the Iraq war is going to spawn as many films as Vietnam did, then this is a decent enough addition to the genre. To be honest this isn't as good as I'd hoped, especially after all the hype (although it is a fairly decent film), and I can understand some of the apathy towards it, but as far as war films go this is very good and worth a viewing at some point.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
030746363X|5.0|As a physical therapist, strength coach, personal trainer, and university educator it's really nice to see the latest and greatest techniques that you don't hear about in mainstream media, in an easy to read, easy to duplicate programs to transform your body and mind.
B0035G5IOE|5.0|`Fantastic Mr Fox' is a delightful stop animation film based upon the Roald Dahl book of the same name. The first half of the film remains relatively faithful to the original storyline (with the addition of a few new characters) but the second half takes it in a slightly different, but no less satisfying direction. Essentially Mr Fox steals various farm produce from three unsavoury farmers who then go out of their way to hunt him and his family down to kill them. Mr Fox is as cunning as a....well a fox, and he finds various ways to outsmart the farmers and amuse us in the process. This has numerous animation touches that made me laugh out loud and made this an especially enjoyable film and the overall animation is excellent throughout. The voice cast is very impressive and well matched to their respective characters and the direction was truly superb. The soundtrack which pretty good as well. I enjoyed this way more than I thought I would and after hearing some disappointing things about this film (generally from fans of the book) I was pleasantly surprised with the high calibre of film making on offer. The best way to gain the most enjoyment from this film is to view it as a separate entity to the book and if you do this you will be in for one wonderful, humorous and spell binding film experience.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B004498KPU|5.0|Michael Jackson Vision DVD is an awsome work and collection of  his work. It is high quality and well formated. For anyone who wants to keep a memeory I would suggest this dvd collection. His moves will never become outdated, and his music is sure to move anyone, the visual effects just makes it all that much better. I can watch it like If I were at one of his concerts without the tight crowds and any other restrictions. It is worth having, and I would suggest everyone owns one of ther own.
B00005JLD4|5.0|This film is brilliant. It has beautiful cinematography, moving music and tells a true story with real power. The child actors are really good and the themes the film explores are shocking to learn about. It may be too slow paced for some viewers, but i found it held may attention to the very end and left me thinking about it for days afterwards. Well worth a try.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
030746363X|5.0|I have spent about 20 years bodybuilding and reading everything I can on the topic along the way. Although some of the information in this book is common knowledge to me, the majority of knowledge contained is mind blowing.     I'm not much of reader and it's hard to keep me reading even a good book for more than an hour, but I can't put this book down. When I do put it down, all I can think about is picking it up again.
B001FOR5XU|4.0|This is a fantastic novel. It manages to mix vampire and post apocalyptic themes into one novel. It is such a good read I found myself reading and reading until it was finished in one sitting. It is a little on the short side, but every page is perfectly crafted. It was so good it left me wanting more, which is an indication of just how good it is. If you like your sci-fi and horror books, then this is a must have for your collection.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I have been looking for a new series to read and my friend suggested I read The Hunger Games. He told me that he couldn't put it down that's how good it was. Well two days ago I bought this book and now I have just finished it. It was so good and just what I was looking for. I have already bought the second book (Catching Fire) and can't wait to start it. Thank you so much Suzanne Collins.
044656740X|4.0|This is a good place to start if you are first exploring your finance options. It is a little simplistic in style and a touch repetitive, but the core ideas seem sound and is worth reading as your first steps in financial planning and investment.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0760335540|5.0|I have over 20 years experience working on cars primarily Porsche's and this book has helped me beyond any of my expectations. From simple maintenance to more complex items that need attention. Anyone can use this book to repair their car and everyone that owns a Boxster SHOULD have this without question. Great pics that show with detailed explanations.
B003FK8V7G|4.0|I have to admit I am a huge fan of The Gaslight Anthem and was eagerly awaiting `American Slang' and I am glad to say I haven't been left disappointed. Like their previous album `59 Sound' this has lots of short, catchy tracks, that seem to rush in, slap a big smile on your face and then run out again. This is good old fashioned rock n roll with a slight punk edge that doesn't try to be too complicated, but which manages to delight from one track to the next. This still has plenty of Springsteen influences evident throughout, which is no bad thing, and `The Diamond Street Church Choir' felt the most Springsteen-esque to me. They have been accused of being derivative, but they are just one of a long line of Jersey bands who's sound is fairly similar and if you enjoy that sound then this will right up your street. This is a relatively short album, being around 35 minutes, but it is well crafted and whilst I may prefer `59 Sound' just a touch more, this is still a great addition to their catalogue and should please new and existing fans.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B002ZG977Y|4.0|Flying horses, magical swords, invincibility in battle, scary monsters, the supernatural, a band of heroes and the love of a good woman. What's not to like?  This movie is pure fantasy in the grand tradition of \\"Hercules\\" (with Steve Reeves) and \\"Jason and the Argonauts\\".  I don't know how many of the Greek myths have been brought to the screen, but anyone familiar with the \\"Jim Henson's The Storyteller: Greek Myths\\" ought to appreciate this movie.  Indeed, anyone who appreciates the genius of Greek myth ought to appreciate this movie.<br /><br />What I don't get is all the griping about how it didn't live up to some jaded reviewer's expectations, or pointless comparisons with the 1981 original. Maybe because I knew nothing about this movie (other than the fact that the likeable Sam Worthington was in it) and just happened to see it on HBO disqalifies me as a bona fide commentator. But I liked it.  It was fun.  It never flagged and I never lost interest. On the other hand, I had no prior expectations, no bias, no reason to compare it to anything else, especially the work of Ray Harryhausen. I have, therefore, no reason to gripe.  This is cgi fantasy entertainment based on the myth of the first Greek hero/demigod, Perseus.  The characters are well drawn, the adventure palpable, the gods powerful, the settings epic, the hero mortal. And it even has a plot (though, apparently, some critics missed that part).<br /><br />So, my recommendation?  Make some popcorn and enter a world of make-believe.
B00082IJ08|5.0|Just when we thought Gorillaz couldn't get any better, they did. This album is great. It has all the catchy songs released as singles and so many more that deserve to be released and go to number 1. It is rare for an album to have no rubbish tracks and this is one of them, every song is a gem. You can listen to this album over and over and never get bored. Buy it!<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
0937381888|5.0|I've read the excerpts from the how to brew website inside and out. I decided to finally buy this third edition book.    Points to the publisher for putting so many pages on the \\"look inside\\" preview.    This is a book you can grow with. You can start with the base guidelines for a beginner brewer, and grow into all-grain and as complex as you care.  It's more than a step by step, it's loaded with tons of information about every step in the process.    Definitely a must have for the home brewer library.
B0002JP4L4|4.0|From the opening sequence with the Footloose music and assorted dancing feet you know you are going to be in for one dated, but hell of a fun film and by the time the end credits roll you will have been proven right. This film follows Ren (played by Kevin Bacon) who is a city boy who moves to a small town, with all of it's small town mentalities. Loud music and dancing are banned and if you are an outsider you will be deemed suspect and a danger. The preachers daughter is the typical delinquent and creates a world of trouble for Ren and her father becomes his nemesis after Ren tries to organise a school dance. The scene where Ren dance's out his frustrations in an old railroad warehouse has become iconic and is a real highlight of the film, but Bacon's moves are pretty impressive throughout. This has gained minor cult status over the years and although it doesn't have any great depth and some of the performances are a little ropey (I`m thinking of the preachers daughter here), it is great fun to watch, has some awesome cheesy dance moves and is all backed up with a great eighties soundtrack, what more could you ask for?<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B002GY9F9K|5.0|I am almost done viewing the first season and I can't wait for the second.  the main characters are very well played. A very entertaining show.  it is a pity that season three got cancelled :(
B001OQCV6K|4.0|`Sherlock Holmes' is related to the Conan Doyle books in name only and it is best to look at this film as an action film set in the Victorian era. If you think of it in this way you can enjoy it for what it is and not be disappointed if you are a fan of the Holmes series of books. This follows Holmes and Watson as they investigate a series of murders linked to a black magic order and although the plot is a little weak in places it still has plenty of thrills and spills to keep you entertained. Both Law and Downey Jr play their roles well, even if there does seem to be a distinct homosexual undercurrent to their relationship and they make a good crime fighting team. The actress whom plays Watson's love interest is rather wooden and lacking in any real dynamic, but this cannot be said for Holmes love interest (played by Rachel McAdams) who plays her role with a touch of humour and real spark. The London scenes are very good and this is quite an atmospheric film. This came across initially like a martial arts film set during the Victorian era (in fact one of the extras on the disc focuses upon this aspect) and the fight scenes are both comical and action filled. This film is most definitely made with tongue in cheek and doesn't take itself too seriously and whilst it is blatantly set up for a sequel, in this instance I eagerly await what they will do with this franchise. This is a light hearted, period set action film and it carries this off with aplomb and makes for an entertaining way to spend a couple of hours.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
B002I9Z8I0|5.0|I have owned this series on Laserdisc for many years now but had not replaced that series until this collection came out; I am really pleased and impressed by the improvements! The use of the term replaced is not really accurate as I'll keep the Laserdiscs simply because I'm a collector and that's what collectors do.<br /><br />The sound and picture on this collection is very satisfying, even exciting as it brings new definition and depth to viewing and hearing the movies. If you're a Star Trek fan as I am, I believe you'll be pleased with the improvements offered by this collection.<br /><br />I recommend them to all who love this series!
B003UYUR0G|3.0|`Prince of Persia' is one of those films that seems like it should be really good, but after viewing it leaves you feeling rather deflated and disappointed. Most elements seem to be there, stunning set pieces, a reasonable story premise (although the plot execution let it down), beautiful costumes, impressive parkour style stunts and big budget effects and yet it gets sorely let down in other areas. The story gets so ridiculous in places that it is a film you need to suspend disbelief to truly enjoy it and the acting is pretty wooden from all involved. This is especially disappointing from Gyllenhaal who has acted well in past films and from Molina who acts like a character from Pirates of the Caribbean, with the most ludicrous accent for a man who lives in the middle east (it's more east end!). Towards the end this turns into a weak Indiana Jones wannabe, with a temple of doom and booby traps, but it can never compete. There is also meant to be a romance between Gyllenhaal and Arterton but rarely have I seen such a lack of chemistry between two actors. These aspects, along with the poor plot execution make this a chore to watch and hard to fully enjoy. It is one of those films you will have been glad to have not wasted money on seeing at the cinema and it is only worth buying if you can pick it up very cheap. You will watch it once and probably never again. Shame, it could have delivered so much more.<br /><br />Feel free to check out my blog which can be found on my profile page.
1439107955|4.0|A must read for everybody, especially now that cancer is becoming endemic. Not exactly like my experiences, but terrific work.
1401310400|5.0|I love the show and love the book even more!!! Great writing, couldn't set it down. Can't wait to start Naked Heat, bought it right after I finished Heat Wave. Great book, and a fun read. Keeps you guessing until the end.
B000BCE918|5.0|The Jurassic Park Adventure Pack is the ultimate collection of Jurassic Park movies in one beautifully designed box.The entire Jurassic Park trilogy is here on three separate dvd`s,it is a must have for any Jurassic park fan.The first Jurassic Park(1993) film is a very beautifull  and memorable film with astonishing special effects and a fascinating and great story and, also John williams beautifull and great Jurassic Park music.The second Jurassic Park film The Lost World(1997) is a boring safari adventure and a weak not interesting dinosaur movie.The third movie Jurassic Park 3(2001) is a spectacular dinosaur adventure movie filmed in a very beautifull ,lush tropical island setting with gorgeous photography and scenery and excellent sound and very realistic looking dinosaurs.Spinosaurus is a bigger and badder dinosaur than tyrannosaurus rex and their battle for supremacy and the velociraptors and the pteranadons hunting and trying to eat Dr. Alan Grant(Sam Neill) and his friends is exciting,scary and full of terror.I wish Jurassic Park 3 was a full 2hrs. long instead of 90 minutes.Jurassic Park 3 is a wonderfull and enchanting film.
030746363X|5.0|Tim Ferriss has been, in his two books and on his blog, showcasing an asserting petulance regarding the manipulation of complex systems, such as business and time management and human metabolism. And this is how he gathers a cult of followers, amazed to experience the success of the experiments proposed by him. He seems to have summoned a set of mindframes that grant him the ability to break the scientific code of culturally foggy areas, such as retirement, female orgasms, temperature manipulation for weight loss or \\"calorie\\" consumption.  It is a blessing for us readers to have Tim leading us to lifestyle design experiments extensively tested upon himself, and it is a pleasure that his writing is so funny, light and clever.    Save Ferriss!
B0041T52S6|5.0|IF YOU LIKE COMICS, VIDEO GAMES AND ANIME, YOU WILL CREAM YOUR PANTS AFTER WATCHING THIS FLICK, I GUARANTEE IT
B00000DOZW|2.0|It came in but it was not \\"like new.\\"  A whirlpool of scratches came from the center.  The first track did not play at all.
030746363X|4.0|I decided to start this program after a 7-year battle against breast cancer. Several surgeries and most of all ormonic treatment and chemioterapy. I gained a lot of weight. I decided to start 7 days ago and i have the first results. Great! I think i'll start now the gym advice i didn't do this first week. I'm italian and i find it difficult to find the suggested integrators. I trust you!
B003Y8YXFS|5.0|\\"Imagine\\" is the pinnacle of John Lennon's solo albums. Coming after the experiment \\"Two Virgins\\" and the primal scream motivated \\"Plastic Ono Band,\\" it was his turn to classic, accessible melodies and multi-faceted look at his complex personality. The title track alone is one of the best songs ever written, an anthem to Utopian vision that still rings true some five decades later.<br /><br />In the course of \\"Imagine's\\" eleven songs, you hear Lennon the hippie romanticist on the title track, the hard edged political commentator (\\"Gimme Some Truth,\\" \\"I Don't Wanna Be a Soldier\\"), the artist battling self doubt (\\"How?,\\" \\"Jealous Guy\\") and the lovesick puppy (\\"Oh! Yoko!\\"). Of course, there's also the infamous divorce from Paul McCartney, \\"How Do You Sleep,\\" where he snarls \\"the best thing you done was \\"Yesterday\\"...the sound you make is muzak to my ears.\\" George Harrison adds a wicked slide guitar, which left little doubt to whose side he was on at the time (he also added a great solo to \\"Gimme Some Truth\\").<br /><br />Probably more than any of his other solo albums, \\"Imagine\\" was Lennon's statement of purpose. It was his very public dismissal of The Beatles, an openly obvious attempt to prove that he could make 'hits' on his own, and proof to himself that he was still on solid musical footing in the seventies. \\"Imagine\\" was a kiss goodbye to the sixties as well as John Lennon's look to a hopeful future.
B0042RUMIW|5.0|My wife asked for it just before Christmas.  Got it in time and she loved it.  Hey guys, remember the rule: \\"Happy wife, happy life!\\"
B000Y7U98C|3.0|The item was listed as Sunshine, with Cillian Murphy, directed by Danny Boyle...and what I received was a different movie, but with the same title.  Emailed the seller, and was told that sometimes listings don't match what they have in stock.  I did not return the disc I received, but I would have liked to receive the correct film in the first place :\ Sorry, Ralph Fiennes and Cillian Murphy are not interchangeable.  I will avoid this seller in the future.
B002BU0DPE|4.0|I got everything promised, the manufacturer overestimates the comfort for longterm use, I find that after 2.5 hrs of use they tend to cause some discomfort due to the pressure.  The sound quality is exceptionally high and the game sounds never drown out the sound of game chat because you can adjust the volume of each independenly, in addition it has chat boost a feature which increases the volume of chat when somebody speaks.  The headphones are durable, I have dropped them several times with no ill effects.  Larger cups for the ears may be helpful.
030746363X|5.0|I can only recommend this book. During the last 2 weeks I lost approx 8 pounds of fat. I feel better than I did at any point in my life. This book covers the most interesting parts of your life and gives your many tips howto improve them.    After heaving read \\"The 4 hour workweek\\" and \\"The 4 hour body\\" I can surely say: This author has proved a recipe for high-quality, life-chaning books!    Thx Tim!!!
B0028R3NCU|1.0|Neat little device which served me well for about a month and a half.  Then I started to get the \\"device not recognized\\" message.  After another week or so it never was recognized again.  The micro SD I purchased with it is functioning perfectly in another adapter.  Fortunately I'm not out much, but a brand as respectable as Kingston should probably do better than this.
B000AHJJDM|5.0|loved the album so i thought i would get it on vinyl.Very glade i did the whole album ties together like they have parts at the end of the song where it will lead to the next song and i love to really take the time to here it on vinyl.their is an extra track it takes up the whole 2 disc on the B-side.All in all i am very happy :)
030746363X|4.0|I can easily self-identify as a Tim Ferris fanboy.  I think his ability to look at systems (the body, the career) and then hack and optimize re-engineered approaches are quite profound.    I think many people who have read and dismissed the book are missing the bigger picture:  It's your body.  Take control of it.    The book can easily be confusing if people expect a consistant narrative or an \\"arc\\" that is coherent with all advice referencing information provided earlier in the book. As Tim explains on the first page - figure out what thing you're interested in and read the relevant sections.  You'll find that they stand alone, are coherent and are not contradictory.    I've started the paleo diet that Tim outlines, and am already seeing great results.  Did Tim invent it?  Nope.  Does he extend and provide additional valuable context that will enable me to be more effective?  Absolutely.  This is what he does throughout the book.    One of the most interesting things I've observed in the comments is the visceral reaction to the language of the book (cursing, simplistic language and explanations) and some of the topics (human sexuality).  I think it's refreshing to see things discussed candidly and simply.  It's an effective communication style that I practice myself.   I also think Tim is being, unfortunatly (shouldn't be necessary in this day and age), somewhat of a trailblazer in providing a candid, detailed discussion of how to give a woman an orgasm.  I sure wish my dad had sat me down and given me this level of instruction when I was a kid :).    As for the scientific approach or lack thereof - I beleive that Tim makes statements a number of times regarding the fact that the quantitative studies he performed were not peer reviewed, double-blind studies using appropriate samples sizes, etc.  The author recognizes the fact that his sample size is often 1, himself.   That means that what he is doing may not work for you.  Of course, when you think about the issues he is discussing, they involve body-subsystems that we all have, and disease or genetic differences aside probably apply to all of us to some extent.  Your mileage may vary.     The message I got from the book:  Try something.  Measure your results.  Try something else.      That's it.
B003ITZBVI|5.0|This is a phenomenal Bat-sperience. For all us true fans, who had to turn to the animated approximations of The World's Greatest Detective after the Bat-suit nipped out (Thanks, Joel), this is surprisingly epic. Watch it.<br />Also, I'm not commenting in the Blu-Ray quality, just the quality of the film in general. I'm no snob when it comes to Batman, but this is truly exceptional. Story, animation, voice-acting, adherence to the KICK(butt) nature of Batman awesome-ness makes this a must-see for any fan.<br />Enjoy!
0810997827|5.0|My son has been talking about these books for quite some time. He wanted the entire series. I searched around until I found what he actually wanted at a reasonable price. My husband and I enjoy reading these books, quite funny.
0451450523|4.0|The Last Unicorn is generally a good book. It's a very typical fairy tale, though, and anyone who does not enjoy old-fashioned books will either be dissapointed or bored. It's a good book for pre-teens, as younger children usually cannot understand the story and older ones tend to scorn the usual fairy tale. All in all though, I enjoyed the book and, if you explain the book to your children, may be a good book for bedtime reading.
B001KQEE0U|5.0|I will start this review by saying that I mainly listen to Alternative and Classic Rock. I'm not into the crap rap of today like Little Wayne, Wiz Kahlifa, Drake, etc. I am, however, a fan of late 1980's through 1990's rap. Tupac, Dr. Dre, Jay-Z, Ice Cube, Wu-Tang, Too $hort, Scarface...to me, THAT is rap music.     This is one of the only CD's that I still own a physical copy of. It needs to be in the CD changer in my car at all times because I never know when I'll be in the mood to listen to this masterpiece from the absolute best rapper ever.     Up until he was signed to Death Row Records, Tupac was known for being a well-rounded artist. As a rapper and actor, he showed his skills and that he was not just another thug hip-hop artist. His former records focused more on social issues such as teen pregnancy and being raised by a single mother in a low income minority neighborhood.     Tupac was bailed out of jail by the now infamous (and broke) Marion \\"Suge\\" Knight. Suge signed Tupac to a record deal with Death Row Records and almost immediately he began recording the two disc masterpiece (the first in rap history) \\"All Eyez on Me\\". The album focused more on the \\"thug\\" and partying lifestyle of Tupac and his friends on Death Row Records, while still saving a few moments such as \\"Wonder Why They Call you B***h\\" and \\"I Ain't Mad At Cha\\". Huge hit singles such as \\"California Love\\" and \\"How Do You Want It\\" ruled the charts. Working with a number of producers, including Dr. Dre, Tupac crafted songs that had a distinctive, hard, yet smooth west coast sound. There are a few filler songs, but for the most part, this is a very solid album. Good guest appearances, great production and Tupac at arguably his most motivated and inspired.     Sadly, the same year that Tupac got out of jail, signed to Death Row, released this record that sold millions of copies and became a huge star in music and film, he was senselessly murdered in Las Vegas. Sadly, due to the idiotic feeling inthe African American community that those who see a crime are not to tell police the truth (\\"Don't Snitch\\" or \\"Stop Snitchin'\\"), we will likely never see the gutless killer of Mr. Shakur be brought to justice. And that is a damn shame.     This album, to me, shows Tupac Shakur at the top of the world. It is a time-capsule of the non-crap rap of the 1990's and the great west coast sound. Years later, Death Row Records is out of business, Suge Knight is broke, and this type of dominance has not been seen since. This was the last big album released by Death Row Records since their only big surviving members, Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg, left the label right after Tupac's murder.     This is an essential album in any real rap (not crap rap) fan's collection or in the collection of anyone who was a fan of music in the 1990's.
0143118420|5.0|the book was an excellent gift and came extremely quickly. I ordered the book with two day shipping and received it the following day. Although i have not read it I hear that it is an excellent book.
B002ZG97E2|3.0|This movie must have been oriented to the very young generation as I did not see where all the hype was worth it. Although it is a good movie it is not great in my opinion. My niece however says it is the best movie she has ever seen in her seventeen years of movie reviews.
B000001F76|4.0|Great songs that I grew up listening to as a pre teenager in the hills of WV.  Love those old type song.
B00447G2PM|5.0|This film captures your interest from the beginning; it's so well photographed with vivid colors and excellent displays of sea creatures that one would never ordinarily see unless one is a deep sea diver.  It's well worth the purchase and even friends/family who are difficult to please, loved watching this.  My only complaint is that it's too short.
B0041G683W|2.0|It should have been an amazing show.  Everything was going exceptionally well and everyone was giving amazing performances.    Untill..... Nick Jonas arrives at the stage.    Who in their right mind casts Nick Jonas for such a show? This was a DISGRACE.  I even felt sorry for the guy, trying to sing along with his amazing talented colleagues.    I was so disapointed with his performance I did not even had the stomach to finish the Blu-Ray.    I cant give more than a 2 Star rating because of this and I am sorry to say I will never recommend this to anyone.    Buy the 10 Year aniversary DVD instead. That one is worth it.     Don't buy this one. I'm sorry I did.
030746363X|5.0|This is one of the few fitness books I'd easily recommend (and I hold a CSCS and previously several personal training certifications). Despite more than 400 pages filled with fun and easy to read tips and tricks to help everyone get more from their body, the most important contributions in this book are summed up easily:     1) measure the right things, such as body composition rather than weight (I believe in this so strongly that one of my projects has been [...])  2) test, experiment and be skeptical  3) find the Lowest Effective Dose and focus on the smallest changes that produce the biggest results.     Taking everything Tim says with a grain of salt, I still found more motivation in this book than any I'd read in years. I changed a lot of my own behaviors in the month since I got my first copy, and dropped seven pounds of fat with little effort.  4HB is filled with more smart talk about exercise, nutrition, sex, weight loss and muscle gain than you could get from any three of most other experts. Not everything here will apply to you, but that's part of the point, and Tim gives you lots of great starting points and the framework in which to find out what does and doesn't work for you.    I gave away several copies as presents, including a few where I thought it might not be quite the perfect choice. I was surprised by the results: 4HB appealed to people who were fit and unfit, young and old, male and female. Everyone read it quickly and had interesting questions and conversations as a result.    Thanks, Tim, for making the science of (and scientific approach to) fitness more accessible to the masses!
B0049P1ZZQ|5.0|Imagine this scenario: You wake up one day and everyone you know is dead... except they're not.  They're lumbering around outside your home, putrid flesh rotting from their bones, and the stench of death emanating through the boarded up doors and windows.  This is the idea behind The Walking Dead.  From the first scene of the first episode, you're pulled into a post-apocalyptic world of flesh-eating corpses.  However, this series is not all blood and guts.  It focuses very much on the psychological aspects of a zombie apocalypse, which can be incredibly terrifying in itself.<br /><br />It's about time a good horror series is on cable.  It seems like every one dies (pun totally intended) well before its time.  For the horror genre to be so huge, it certainly doesn't have lasting power on basic cable.  I hope we see a long life from The Walking Dead with many seasons in its future!
B00005JPO1|3.0|I know there's a lot of skepticism with this movie. but i personally think that this was a decent movie. it was funny over the top and everything else i loved about the last 3 indy movies. So some people may say that aliens don't belong in an indiana jones movie. sooooo someone can pull your heart out of your chest and show it to you and ghosts can appear out of the ark of the covenant and melt your face like butter but indy can't have a run-in with a saucer man? let's look at the facts... 1: this movie was set in the 50's the peak interest point of area 51 and the alien conspiracies and 2: if you research the legends of the crystal skulls, people believed that these remains were beyond human (i.e. space people) along with the rumors of the skulls bestowing supernatural powers. they even had a few documentaries on the crystal skulls on tv in preperation of the movie's release. another complaint is the whole refridgerator scene. Do you honestly believe that half of the stuff that indy has done any normal person would survive? of course not but he does because the hero never dies and he's just an all around tough S.O.B. CGI was over the top and the acting was a bit stilted but overall it's a decent fun movie. not as good as the last 3 but when is the latest movie ever? And Shia Lebouf was an excellent cast for Dr. Jones' son and i could live without it but i wouldn't mind seeing him continue the series.   Bottom Line: True Indy fans will look past the movie's flaws and appreciate it for what it is. Anyone else, rent it first
030746363X|5.0|As someone who has worked out and played sports all of my life I found many helpful tips and new ideas in this book. I was pleasantly surprised that the book actually covers many more topics than I expected.
B00428ZRFE|3.0|Rihanna's team definitely knows how to market her because with each album, there are at least two radio friendly songs that music listeners wear out. Her marketing team is to be commended for bringing in the right producers and writers that know what formula will perpetuate this artist's success. With \\"Loud\\", \\"What's My Name\\" and \\"Only Girl (In the World)\\" are the two tracks that music listeners wore out. Both tracks, especially \\"What's My Name\\" are very easy to like particularly because of their catchy hooks. As a side note, this album isn't necessarily \\"loud.\\" In fact, the loudest thing about it is Rihanna's bright red lipstick and even brighter red hair on the cover.<br /><br />\\"Good Girl Gone Bad\\" is still her strongest album to date, and the rest of her albums are simply average. Rihanna rarely really sings to you using all she's got, but we do find her doing that once on a track entitled \\"Complicated.\\" On the hook of this song, she is really giving us throat, just as she did on \\"Unfaithful\\" years before. \\"Complicated\\" has a techno influence, and I am not a big fan of techno, but I did enjoy this track. There is a track here called \\"Man Down\\", a track that would be better fitted on her last album, \\"Rated R.\\" Why? Because much of \\"Rated R\\" speaks on suicide, killing, violence and things of that sort and that is what \\"Man Down\\" speaks about. Rihanna sung that she just \\"shot a man down\\" and regrets it.  The song is decent. Personally, I like it because she is singing in her Barbadian accent (I'm a sucker for Caribbean accents.) \\"What's My Name\\" is definitely \\"Loud\\"'s highlight and it is not because of Drake. Honestly, his presence is the best thing about the song because his lyrics are okay at best. I've seen him murder tracks, but he did not give this track his all. Nicki Minaj pays Rihanna back on \\"Raining Men\\" since Rihanna is featured on Nicki's debut LP, \\"Pink Friday\\" on a great track called \\"Fly.\\" \\"Raining Men\\" is a decent track. Both young talents do a nice job.<br /><br />Rihanna can do better. There is nothing especially memorable about this album. I walked away from it with a sense of emptiness. It's all right, though because I know we have not seen the last of Rihanna, nor have we seen the best of Rihanna.<br /><br />Mikeisha's Top 5<br /><br />1.\\"What's My Name?\\"<br />2. \\"Man Down\\"<br />3. \\"Fading\\"<br />4. \\"Skin\\"<br />5. \\"Complicated\\"Rihanna can do better. There is nothing especially memorable about this album. I walked away from it with a sense of emptiness. It's all right, though because I know we have not seen the last of Rihanna, nor have we seen the best of Rihanna.    Mikeisha's Top 5    1.\\"What's My Name?\\"  2. \\"Man Down\\"  3. \\"Fading\\"  4. \\"Skin\\"  5. \\"Complicated\\"
B00377V6J2|5.0|I bought this for my brother for Christmas who is a guitar player and he loves it!!! Would highly recommend for anyone who appreciates great guitar!
B0042RUMEQ|3.0|Her name has been everywhere. Her face has been everywhere. Her songs are on the radio and the ringtones. She's omnipotent. She's Nicki Minaj! I must say I saw her success coming because I was seeing her name all over Twitter and Facebook every day before she really blew up. She deserves the recognition, though, because she has raw talent and is even noticed by the masses. That's something to be proud of. She is such a great lyricist. She has even eclipsed her label mate Drake as far as popularity is concerned. Here we are with \\"Pink Friday\\" and hmmmm, it's certainly a solid effort, but I expected a little more. I wanted some hardcore New York grit, but I did not find it anywhere on \\"Pink Friday.\\" This is \\"rap-pop\\" if you will. These songs are for the moment and radio friendly. This music is not timeless and that's just being honest.<br /><br />Nicki delivers lyrically on almost every song of the album, but every rose has it's thorn, now doesn't it? \\"Here I Am\\" is lackluster lyrically. Overall, it's one of the album's weakest moments. \\"Roman's Revenge\\" features Eminem and together they do a fantastic job. Both rappers are very energetic throughout. One can't help but to wonder if she is talking about her rival, Lil' Kim. Rihanna is featured on \\"Fly\\", which is one of the album's finest moments. It's a ballad and Rihanna harmonizes very well. Nicki can sing, too. Please believe it. Especially for someone whose specialty is rapping. She sings on \\"Right Thru Me\\" and \\"Save Me\\" as well as a few other numbers. Listeners will be impressed with her singing. \\"Your Love\\" has a great sample: \\"No More I Love Yous\\" by Annie Lennox. \\"Your Love\\" was a huge commercial success and there is not wonder why. It simply appealed to the masses. On this track, Nicki is telling a man how great his love is.<br /><br />I enjoyed \\"Pink Friday.\\" I saw everyone purchasing it in the store from 10 year olds to women of 50 and even older. Nice, cute LP by Nicki Minaj. PS, I see this young lady getting better and better. Think....Lil' Wayne. ;-)<br /><br />Mikeisha's Top 5<br />1. \\"Your Love\\"<br />2. \\"Right Thru Me\\"<br />3. \\"Blazin'\\"<br />4. \\"Moment For Life\\"<br />5. \\"I'm the Best\\"better. Think....Lil' Wayne. ;-)    Mikeisha's Top 5  1. \\"Your Love\\"  2. \\"Right Thru Me\\"  3. \\"Blazin'\\"  4. \\"Moment For Life\\"  5. \\"I'm the Best\\"
B000HC2LI0|5.0|I'm not sure what all the fuss is about in all these other reviews, but perhaps my boxed set has improved packaging, or perhaps there are several versions.  We are not having any trouble removing the disks from the folders. Each folder contains one season of the show and opens up into several panels containing half-open slots for each disk.   Very organized and useful.  The set also includes a pamphlet with brief, not always revealing notes about each episode.  My daughters (when home) and I are loving the freedom to have little WW evening marathons at our leisure.  It is a terrific show (not being a TV watcher I never saw the original) and instantly memorable in the way that some older classic shows proved to be, not to mention ironic, considering the spectacle coming out of D.C. these days.  I'd been meaning to buyt it for several years, and am glad that I finally did at this price.
030746363X|5.0|Love it!<br /><br />I've been following the diet outlined in The 4-Hour Body for weight loss.  It's only been two weeks, and I've seen major results.  I'm far from being an 'athletic type,' but the book has lots of practical advice.<br /><br />Buy it, read it, I'm sure you will find something in there that will benefit your life.
030746363X|5.0|This book simplifies my intruction to people on a daily basis.  I am a fitness trainer for a large company that has a corporate wellness program for its employees.  I have been a fitness trainer for 7 years and am always searching for simplest, most efficient way to motivate and prescribe effective fitness information for my clients.  With that said, this book has done that 10 fold!  I can now with confidence instruct eager to learn clients the \\"minimum effective dose\\" of exercise, nutrition, better sleep tips,etc..  Thanks to Tim Ferriss.. for all his hard work to get this book complete.  It is a must buy for people in the fitness industry as well as any one else interested in mastering their bodies.
B000W7JWUA|4.0|I have known about this game for years, but never played it until my 17 yr old son got it for Christmas.  It's a lot of fun and fairly easy to learn the basics after playing it once or twice. Even my 8 year old is able to play and win against older players.  Ready for the expansion packs.
030746363X|5.0|There may be better books out there on individual topics like barefoot running or kettlebells, but no book I've ever read gave you the whole approach from diet to science to exercise as well as this one. Plus it has some ground breaking new tips and tactics which had me down 10lbs of pure fat in 2 weeks! It focuses on the 20% or less of effort that gives you 80% or more of the benefit. It has an adventure for everyone. I bought 10 copies for my friends and while I'm trying to shed the fat and workout less in my adventure, other friends are going Geek to Freak! (skinny to muscleman) I am working out less and getting better results. You can't beat that!
B001974DG0|5.0|Well worth the buy.  I am grateful for the rave reviews.  I love the start of Dean Koontz's career.  He was so good back then.
030746363X|5.0|Despite many comments to the contrary, I don't think Tim intended this book to be a \\"how-to for body builders.\\"  As with the 4-Hour Work Week, the 4-Hour Body challenges and tests much of the conventional beliefs out there that are often accepted as fact.  The author encourages the reader to get actively involved in his/her own health and to explore ways to improve a healthy lifestyle.    Given his skeptical and humorous writing style, I was curious to see the results Tim had come up with.  I found all chapters of the book to be interesting and informative.  I do not want to \\"gain 28 pounds of muscle\\" so those sections were of less interest, but definitely worth reading for other health implications.  Tim describes all of the methods and gadgets he tested, his results, and how to try them out for yourself.  The sections about diet, food, and blood glucose levels have information that would benefit almost anyone who wants to feel and perform their best.    This is a book that makes you think, rather than give you all of the answers.  What is a small change you could make in your life for a large benefit to your health and well-being?  Well worth the time to read.  Bravo, Tim!
030746363X|5.0|I'm not usually much of a reader and much less a reader of diet books, hard core physiology or exercise but this book was impossible to put down. It reads like an instruction manual for the human body. I like Tim's no nonsense approach to dispelling myths and providing no nonsense practical information. If you thought the 4 hour Workweek was good this book was even better. What's next?? Can't wait for his next book.
B003097A9W|5.0|This is a box of Otis Redding's studio albums, all remastered, and at a very modest price.  (I bought is through Amazon's Marketplace.)  There is no mystery as to why there was a strong mutual regard between the man and the Beatles and Stones.  James Brown may have been the Godfather of Soul, but no one had a more beautiful voice or stirred the heart as much as Otis.  Plus the band here, including Steve Cropper and Duck Dunn, is the stuff of legend.  All that's missing is his last haunting single and any decent live show you can get your hands on.
B0015DROBO|4.0|i'm not sure why, but i was hestitant to read this book.  once i started i couldn't put it down!  the character and plot development are fantastic.
B0018BF1J0|5.0|It's hard to succinctly describe Lou's early albums after the break-up of the Velvet Underground, because none of them sound like any other.  His style just jumped all over the place, as his restlessness wrestled with his ambition.  You'll also find a tremendous amount of variance between reviews of any of these discs.  Personally, I've always loved the first 2, admired the 3rd, treated the 4th like a guilty pleasure, and given enough time warmed up to the 5th.      My biggest concern in buying this set was in regards to whether the 1st album was sonically superior to the original disc I already owned.  Yeah, it is.  (All these \\"Original\\" boxes contain the most recent general releases, and it was easy to discover that the other 4 discs have all been remastered.)    I might add that I'm also quite pleased with the 2nd Lou Reed Box that is similarly offered.
B003NFM3JK|5.0|I thought this product was one of the best unexpected Xmas movies I've seen in a long time. Love it!
076790592X|5.0|The book got here, and it is in perfect condition, and just the book I need for my college class at the community college. I didn't expect the book for a week and got it in 2 days. Very quick and smooth. Thank you very much.
030746363X|5.0|I've read a number of the reviews here, and each person has his or her own perspective on this book based on personal experience. I liked it, and here's why: Tim Ferriss is approaching his life as a playground, and that is inspiring. At the end of this book he says, \\"Most of us have resigned ourselves to partial completeness....It's never too late to reinvent yourself.\\" Yes, you can probably get most of this information on his blog: He's incredibly open with his life. I happen to like having it all together in book form. Yes, you can argue with his opinions. That is the whole point of self experimentation: YOu are your own laboratory. You choose what interests you and you look at what he experienced and you design what you want to do. You are responsible for taking his suggestions and figuring out what makes sense, including reading other things. After reading his book, I put together an exercise routine that I have been doing twice a week. It is terrific. I'm building up my running. I've read a lot about exercise, but I had never seen the Turkish Get Up. I love it. I'm a grandmother and I have to get up and down on the floor to play with my grandchildren. I added that exercise right in. The point is you can add little tweaks in your life and make a much bigger difference than you think. As Tim says, taking charge of your body generalizes, and you begin to feel more motivated in other areas of your life too. I appreciate Tim sharing his life journey and I appreciate his perspective and enthusiasm. It's fun to share ideas about life hacks that improve your quality of life even in little bits.
B002RVZV9K|5.0|I liked it. Very entertaining. I enjoyed viewing it very much.     Very informative on the guitar sound subject matter and the musicians personalities.     I was especially impressed with Jimmy Page. Very articulate, balanced and happy. A great example of a person who is / was immersed in a rock and roll lifestyle and emerged as a mature human being.     I would recommend this DVD to all music fans, including kids.
0618918248|1.0|When Professor Phillip Johnson--who would become the strategist for the Intelligent Design movement--was on sabbatical from teaching law in the late 1980s, he read two books about Darwinism. One was Richard Dawkins's best-selling The Blind Watchmaker, a defense of Darwin. The other was Michael Denton's Evolution: A Theory in Crisis. Johnson, whose expertise is in legal evidential reasoning, was surprised to learn that the case for Darwinism was weaker than he had imagined; in fact, it was so weak that he wrote Darwin on Trial.  Johnson assessed Darwinism very seriously and concluded that it was supported more by a commitment to philosophical materialism (which had become a reigning ideology) than by empirical evidence.<br /><br /> One wishes that Richard Dawkins, the prestigious professor from Oxford and best-selling author, would take theism as seriously as Phillip Johnson took Darwinism While Dawkins has been called \\"Darwin's Rotreiller,\\" he has refused to publicly debate proponents of Intelligent Design. However, he has written The God Delusion, which is a well-written, acerbic, and unconvincing case against the existence of God in general and against Christianity in particular (with potshots taken at other religions). He is one of a breed of atheists (which include Sam Harris and Christopher Hitchens) that takes theism to be beneath contempt. For example, Dawkins concludes his book by arguing that raising children religiously is a form of child abuse.<br /><br /> Dawkins routinely uses \\"sledgehammer rhetoric.\\" The case against the opponent is put in the strongest possible terms and the opponent is belittled as having nothing but irrationality to offer. However, while Dawkins wields the sledgehammer in order to strike a series of lethal blows, the hammerhead seldom hits the target.  Instead, it twirls in circles, creating quite a lot of agitated air, but little cogent argumentation.<br /><br /> There is much to critique in this large book, and I cannot address everything; but first, there are a few things to commend. Dawkins makes hay of the idea that a reverential attitude toward the universe--as evidenced by the iconic Einstein--reconciles modern science and monotheistic religion. However, Einstein was not a theist, but (at best) a pantheist of the Spinoza variety. Nature is the deity, but one that is not a personal creator, designer, and revelator; it would not intervene in nature since it is nature, viewed from a certain angle. Dawkins is also right to chastise theists who claim that God has not left any scientifically detectible evidence for his existence and that one must take it on blind faith. Dawkins overstates the case when he claims that religion is a scientific hypothesis: Christian truth claims can be verified through means other than science (such as philosophy, religious experience, history, and so on). However, he is correct to expect that if an omnipotent and omnipresent being went to the trouble of creating the cosmos, he should have left some evidence of himself in it. This is what the Bible itself claims (see Psalm 19:1-4; Romans 1:18-21). Dawkins rightly ridicules those who accept the Darwinian explanation for biology (which was created as a designer substitute) and claim that God used this godless method to create the world. Dawkins quips that if this is the method God employed, God left himself very little to do.<br /><br /> My agreement with Dawkins pretty much ends there, besides my agreement with some of this criticism of the unchristian conduct of some professing Christians. Most of the book argues against God and Christianity, with chapter four, \\"Why There is Almost Certainly No God,\\" stating the case most strongly. Having dispensed with the deity, Dawkins then explains why so many people are religious when there is no God and goes on to explicate the evils he thinks uniquely emanate from religion. Here Dawkins invokes evolutionary psychology and a number of other highly speculative explanations.But if Dawkins's case against God and Christianity fails, the attempt to explain away Christian belief on godless Darwinian grounds can be dismissed as begging the question. He also tries to explain morality apart from religion--while never giving the moral argument for God more than a passing glance --and argues that atheism is the best hope for humanity. Rather than addressing his explanation for religion and his positive program, I will focus on his critique of the case for God.<br /><br /> Dawkins targets a variety of arguments for God's existence, but the gun keeps misfiring or missing the right targets. Amazingly, he never addresses the kalam cosmological argument, one of the most powerful and most discussed theistic arguments of the last thirty years. Nor does he mention the much-discussed theistic interpretation of Big Bang cosmology.  Pascal's wager is summarily dismissed and badly botched.  He rather begins with an argument he thinks he can safely mock: the ontological argument. This is a deductive argument based on the very idea of God as a superlative being. This argument is impossible to summarize simply and fairly, and Dawkins's doesn't really bother to do so. There are two main forms of the argument, both of which have received extensive philosophical attention in the last fifty years, both pro and con. Dawkins claims that it is absurd to infer the existence of God from a theological concept, since we should have empirical evidence for important claims. Yet this statement, if taken to be a universal principle, is self-refuting, since the statement itself is not backed by empirical claims, but is a mere assertion. Furthermore, there are intellectually rigorous versions of the ontological argument formulated by Alvin Plantinga and Norman Malcolm that escape Dawkins's facile and fatuous dismissal.<br /><br /> While the ontological argument is little known outside of academic circles, the argument from design is a staple of popular and academic apologetics. The structure of the argument is that certain features of nature are better explained on the basis of being designed than of being the product of mindless chance and necessity (or unintelligent causes). The argument can appeal to large-scale features of the universe revealed by astrophysics (the fine-tuning argument) or smaller portions found in biology. Dawkins's attack against design is two-fold. First, purely natural forces best explain apparent design at all levels. Second, even if an appeal to a designer were warranted, this would explain nothing, since the designer (being vastly complex) itself would have to be designed, thus triggering an infinite regress in which nothing gets explained.<br /><br /> Dawkins dismisses the arguments of the Intelligent Design movement (ID) as \\"lazy\\" and based on ignorance. He maintains that invoking a designing intelligence to explain something like the sophisticated bacterial flagellum (an outboard motor that propels bacteria through the cell) is a science stopper, since ID proponents simply cry \\"God did it,\\" thus ending scientific explanation. But Dawkins's critique of Michael Behe's argument based on the flagellum and other biological systems misses the mark. Behe argues that the flagellum is \\"irreducibly complex.\\"  This means that all the approximately forty proteins parts need to be in place for the motor to work at all. A partially functioning motor does no good for the bacterium and would not be conserved by natural selection, which only conserves biological functions that benefit the organism's propensity to survive. Behe calls this \\"the mousetrap principle,\\" because all the parts of a mousetrap are required for catching mice. The flagellum (and many other biological functions) fails to fit Darwin's demand that evolution be slow and gradual. Behe argues that in light of recent discoveries about the cell, Darwin's theory on this level has broken down, and that an appeal to an intelligent cause, a designer, is scientifically warranted given the empirical evidence.<br /><br /> Dawkins simply affirms that there must be a materialistic explanation for the flagellum, since this is how science--or his materialistic view of science--is done. But this begs the question as to whether there could be detectable empirical evidence of design in nature. Dawkins says, \\"No,\\" and relies on a post-dated check for some materialistic explanation to be found. Just give us time. He does note that another biological system--the Type III Secretor System--contains ten of the flagellum's forty parts and announces that this refutes Behe, since this less complex system had to have been an ancestor to the flagellum. This is called the co-option theory, and it is woefully inadequate, since it leaves thirty parts of the flagellum unexplained, as well as the detailed DNA assembly instructions which are required for the flagellum to be put together properly in the correct sequence.  Dawkins also errs by saying that Behe's theory claims that none of the approximately forty necessary parts of the flagellum can be found in other working systems. Since ten are found in another system, Behe is refuted. But Behe never made the claim that other parts could not be found in other organisms. Rather, he said that all forty parts of the bacterial flagellum are required for its motor function and that this function could not be built up by Darwinism's \\"slight, successive variation.\\"<br /><br /> Behe's inference to design as the best explanation for the flagellum is not \\"lazy\\" or a \\"science stopper.\\" Nor is it based on ignorance. Rather, it is based on vastly increased knowledge of the workings within the cell that has come about in the last several decades. Further, Behe is open to plausible materialistic pathways (appealing only to unintelligent causes) that would lead to the flagellum's function. But none have been forthcoming, aside from the \\"just-so\\" stories required to keep philosophical materialism afloat in biology. As ID theorist William Dembski argues, the design inference is a \\"can-do\\" principle. We know that intelligent designers produce irreducibly complex systems (such as mouse traps and things far more complex).  But the only recourse for Darwinists is to summon unintelligent and mindless nature to explain the flagellum. So, any materialistic explanation--not matter how far fetched or evidence-challenged--beats every design inference (in principle). This is not a fair way to do science.<br /><br /> Moreover, design thinkers are cautious in saying \\"God did it.\\" They rather claim that materialism is scientifically inadequate to explain aspects of life. They leave the identity of the designer fairly open. The ID conclusion is certainly \\"friendly toward theism,\\" as ID theorist Stephen Meyer puts it, but it does not attempt give a total apologetic for Christianity.<br /><br /> Then who designed the designer? Dawkins repeatedly plays this as his trump card. If nature is complex, the designer of nature must be more complex. If so, the designer must be explained by a designer outside of itself, and so on, ad infinitum. But Dawkins's trump card is a really a Joker. First, ID attempts to explain certain finite, material, and contingent states in nature through a design inference. It does not make the grand claim that everything that is complex needs a designer. Second, if God is the designer, God is not a finite, material, or contingent being by definition. Rather, God is self-existent (Acts 17:25). Third, Dawkins chides theists that if God is the ultimate designer then God is unexplained. But explanations have to end somewhere. For theists, they end in God, who is conceived as a superlative and thus self-existent being. Dawkins thinks that for that for God to explain anything he must be simple, and that this is absurd, since God does so many complicated things such as create life, listen to prayers, and so on. While many theists have argued that God is simple, Dawkins misses thepoint. The issue is whether God, as a superlative being, is self-existent (unlike matter). For materialists, unthinking matter, chance and fortuitous natural laws must explain everything yet remain themselves unexplained.<br /><br />Fourth, Dawkins presupposes a matter-first, bottom-up view of what explanations must be. He rules out by materialist fiat a mind-first, top-down (designing intelligence) view. Thus, materialism disallows a proper investigation of the evidence at hand. ID theorists, on the other hand, have more tools in their tool box: they can appeal to both material causes and intelligent causes in explaining nature.<br /><br /> Space forbids analysis of Dawkins's cavalier treatment of the fine-tuning argument for God, and his dismissal of the fantastic improbabilities of the first life evolving on earth through mere natural forces.  Suffice it to say that Dawkins never states his opponent's views adequately and offers in their place any possible materialistic explanation, no matter how far fetched.<br /><br /> The tone does not change when Dawkins addresses the Bible. On his view, the Bible can be little more than a collection of pious fictions, since its principle character--God--does not exist. Dawkins's approach is that any biblical text with a historical problem must be a palpable falsehood. Moreover, any miracle story is false, since there is no God to perform such feats. In other words, the Bible is guilty until proven innocent. But it is never proven innocent, since God does not exist. It is a neat system of dismissal, but one lacking in academic integrity. A good study Bible and sources by conservative biblical scholars can easily answer most of Dawkins's overheated objections.  For example, he dismisses the historicity of the Gospel accounts of Jesus' early life because they differ in various ways, such as genealogies. Rather than realizing that they were written by different authors with different audiences, he infers that they are contradictory and are the result of theological agendas that invented pious fictions. But these kinds of issues have been noted by Christian thinkers for centuries and plausible solutions are available, if one is concerned to study the issue carefully.<br /><br /> Dawkins confesses that the purpose of The God Delusion is to convert people to atheism. The book--along with several similar ones--seems to be giving ammunition to atheists and converting some from agnosticism to atheism. Nevertheless, it poses no serious threat to a well-informed and philosophically credible Christian faith. Unhappily, however, not enough Christians have the apologetic background to withstand his attacks. This is not the fault of Christianity, but of intellectually lazy Christians. May this book serve to jolt unprepared Christians out of their ignorance and inspire them to defend the Christian truth with zeal and knowledge (Jude 3).ically warranted given the empirical evidence.<br /><br /> Dawkins simply affirms that there must be a materialistic explanation for the flagellum, since this is how science--or his materialistic view of science--is done. But this begs the question as to whether there could be detectable empirical evidence of design in nature. Dawkins says, \\"No,\\" and relies on a post-dated check for some materialistic explanation to be found. Just give us time. He does note that another biological system--the Type III Secretor System--contains ten of the flagellum's forty parts and announces that this refutes Behe, since this less complex system had to have been an ancestor to the flagellum. This is called the co-option theory, and it is woefully inadequate, since it leaves thirty parts of the flagellum unexplained, as well as the detailed DNA assembly instructions which are required for the flagellum to be put together properly in the correct sequence.  Dawkins also errs by saying that Behe's theory claims that none of the approximately forty necessary parts of the flagellum can be found in other working systems. Since ten are found in another system, Behe is refuted. But Behe never made the claim that other parts could not be found in other organisms. Rather, he said that all forty parts of the bacterial flagellum are required for its motor function and that this function could not be built up by Darwinism's \\"slight, successive variation.\\"<br /><br /> Behe's inference to design as the best explanation for the flagellum is not \\"lazy\\" or a \\"science stopper.\\" Nor is it based on ignorance. Rather, it is based on vastly increased knowledge of the workings within the cell that has come about in the last several decades. Further, Behe is open to plausible materialistic pathways (appealing only to unintelligent causes) that would lead to the flagellum's function. But none have been forthcoming, aside from the \\"just-so\\" stories required to keep philosophical materialism afloat in biology.As ID theorist William Dembski argues, the design inference is a \\"can-do\\" principle. We know that intelligent designers produce irreducibly complex systems (such as mouse traps and things far more complex).  But the only recourse for Darwinists is to summon unintelligent and mindless nature to explain the flagellum. So, any materialistic explanation--not matter how far fetched or evidence-challenged--beats every design inference (in principle). This is not a fair way to do science.<br /><br /> Moreover, design thinkers are cautious in saying \\"God did it.\\" They rather claim that materialism is scientifically inadequate to explain aspects of life. They leave the identity of the designer fairly open. The ID conclusion is certainly \\"friendly toward theism,\\" as ID theorist Stephen Meyer puts it, but it does not attempt give a total apologetic for Christianity.<br /><br /> Then who designed the designer? Dawkins repeatedly plays this as his trump card. If nature is complex, the designer of nature must be more complex. If so, the designer must be explained by a designer outside of itself, and so on, ad infinitum. But Dawkins's trump card is a really a Joker. First, ID attempts to explain certain finite, material, and contingent states in nature through a design inference. It does not make the grand claim that everything that is complex needs a designer. Second, if God is the designer, God is not a finite, material, or contingent being by definition. Rather, God is self-existent (Acts 17:25). Third, Dawkins chides theists that if God is the ultimate designer then God is unexplained. But explanations have to end somewhere. For theists, they end in God, who is conceived as a superlative and thus self-existent being. Dawkins thinks that for that for God to explain anything he must be simple, and that this is absurd, since God does so many complicated things such as create life, listen to prayers, and so on. While many theists have argued that God is simple, Dawkins misses thepoint. The issue is whether God, as a superlative being, is self-existent (unlike matter). For materialists, unthinking matter, chance and fortuitous natural laws must explain everything yet remain themselves unexplained.<br /><br />Fourth, Dawkins presupposes a matter-first, bottom-up view of what explanations must be. He rules out by materialist fiat a mind-first, top-down (designing intelligence) view. Thus, materialism disallows a proper investigation of the evidence at hand. ID theorists, on the other hand, have more tools in their tool box: they can appeal to both material causes and intelligent causes in explaining nature.<br /><br /> Space forbids analysis of Dawkins's cavalier treatment of the fine-tuning argument for God, and his dismissal of the fantastic improbabilities of the first life evolving on earth through mere natural forces.  Suffice it to say that Dawkins never states his opponent's views adequately and offers in their place any possible materialistic explanation, no matter how far fetched.<br /><br /> The tone does not change when Dawkins addresses the Bible. On his view, the Bible can be little more than a collection of pious fictions, since its principle character--God--does not exist. Dawkins's approach is that any biblical text with a historical problem must be a palpable falsehood. Moreover, any miracle story is false, since there is no God to perform such feats. In other words, the Bible is guilty until proven innocent. But it is never proven innocent, since God does not exist. It is a neat system of dismissal, but one lacking in academic integrity. A good study Bible and sources by conservative biblical scholars can easily answer most of Dawkins's overheated objections.  For example, he dismisses the historicity of the Gospel accounts of Jesus' early life because they differ in various ways, such as genealogies. Rather than realizing that they were written by different authors with different audiences, he infers that they are contradictory and are the result of theological agendas that invented pious fictions. But these kinds of issues have been noted by Christian thinkers for centuries and plausible solutions are available, if one is concerned to study the issue carefully.<br /><br /> Dawkins confesses that the purpose of The God Delusion is to convert people to atheism. The book--along with several similar ones--seems to be giving ammunition to atheists and converting some from agnosticism to atheism. Nevertheless, it poses no serious threat to a well-informed and philosophically credible Christian faith. Unhappily, however, not enough Christians have the apologetic background to withstand his attacks. This is not the fault of Christianity, but of intellectually lazy Christians. May this book serve to jolt unprepared Christians out of their ignorance and inspire them to defend the Christian truth with zeal and knowledge (Jude 3).
B00280LYIC|5.0|this is my favorite book series of all time. i just couldnt put it down it took me all of six days to read the entire series.
B001AQO3QA|4.0|No use in providing detail that has already been provided here, but I am very satisfied with this. The transfers of the first two films are fantastic and the bonus material will keep you busy for days. Reference more complete reviews for more specificity of the contents. I liked how Ridley hits at his attempt to do the prequel in the liner notes. We shall see.
0618918248|5.0|I have read several of Dawkins' books, and I like them all. This one is no different, and perhaps the one I like   most. What surprised me is that expected an atheistic rant from him, but as a read the whole book  it turned out to be more of a study of atheism as seen through human nature, science, and philosophy.
030746363X|5.0|Brilliant stuff. If you don't believe it is possible, it is worth taking the time to try it out and disprove it.
B00447G2PM|5.0|This is my 23rd BD 3D, just finished  watching on my 3D projector on a 92 inch screen and it was quite amazing.  Great 3D quality, great depth. A must see.
030746363X|5.0|Nice collection of minimalist \\"hacks\\" to the human body. Definitely not a book you'd read cover to cover but something that you reference over time and experiment with different ideas. Nice job on suiting it to practically all aspects of the market without getting too much into generalizations. Highly recommended.
030746363X|5.0|Bottom line, the ideas are far out there but I'm trying a lot of the weight loss ideas in the book and they work.  Best of all it doesn't require a lot of time in the gym, counting calories, or crazy drugs.  I'm documenting my results and findings on my blog [...] if you want to see.<br /><br />These book is totally worth it.  You need more convincing read other reviews or Tim's blog.
030746363X|5.0|In the last two weeks, I've gained ten pounds thanks to my new workout plan from the Four hour Body. I'm following the Occam's Protocol workout plan with kettlebell swings, bent yates rows, bosu crunches, and cat vomiting added, the technique for all of which he outlines in the book. I've added ten pounds to every single lift as well. I feel great! I would highly recommend this book to anyone.
0525423273|5.0|I myself devour young adult fiction just as enthusiastically as my dog devours her dinner. Unlike my dog however, I am sometimes disappointed with the quality of what I have just devoured. Anna and the French kiss isn't a silly teen romance novel. It's well thought out, funny, witty, and insightful. I appreciated that this was a book for teens who actually love to read good books. It didn't feel like some teen romances do, like they were written just so they could be marketed towards vulnerable and angsty pre-teen girls. I found myself sucked into the story along with the characters, sharing their emotions. I finally emerged from the world of Anna and the French Kiss during the wee hours of the morning, hoping that Stephanie Perkins would be publishing another book soon. I've since checked to see, and she is working on a second book. I'm positively thrilled for the release of her next book, despite a post on her blog asking everyone to lower their expectations for her second novel (she claims an author's second novel is hardly ever as good as their first). But from what I've seen, Stephanie Perkins is an amazing writer, and I'm sure she has a long and successful career ahead of her.   So I'm basically saying, READ THIS BOOK!
030746363X|5.0|I was a high level athlete for about a decade of my life and I currently train with several professional and retired professional athletes (mostly in combat sports). So, I thought I had heard/seen most of what was out there in regard to weight training and fat loss.  I am about 1/2 of the way through the book.  Although I find some of the material covered contrary to what I've learned elsewhere, I have been open to it and have had great results over the last 2 weeks by making minor tweaks, amazing... Specifically in fat loss.  It is also written in a way that is extremely easy to get through.  Great job.
B000JQU1VS|2.0|These are truely wonderful stories and I'm so glad that amazon is making so many classic public domain books easily available through their website; however, they may need a little more work on the digital formatting.    Many non-standard (to the U.S.) symbols, such as the \\"\\" and French words like \\"voil\\" come across as scrambled computer code such as:     Also, the table of contents is not active.    I have had better luck downloading these public domain books from Project Gutenberg.
B0036TGSIK|5.0|this movie is really good funny and has a few sad parts but i think its my favorite movie and the dvd is good quality and has a good pic on the tv
030746363X|5.0|I have done many many years of my own independant study and my own personal \\"human guinea pig\\" trials, and then I stumbled on this book. This book brings together all the sound science out there and puts it in one place for you! I found my own research confirmed again and again with each chapter. those who review this book with anything less than 4 stars are either jealous, illiterate, or lazy.
030746363X|5.0|Got this book right after Christmas- reading it has been SO motivating and I can't wait to get started. I appreciate th research involved and the added humor from Tim also makes for a fun read. I'll report after my first few weeks!
0634049011|1.0|If you know the very, and I mean very, basics of the guitar and theory then this book is a waste of time and money. I found out the hard way. If your just beginning (like picked up the guitar yesterday or a month ago) then this book may be for you. If you've been playing for more than 6-12 months you should already know this stuff. I am so mad that I wasted my money. Grrrrr!!!
030746363X|5.0|It seems easy to pick self help books apart for all the things they get wrong or oversimplify. Some of this genre just takes common sense ideas and packages them as revelatory. This book may have a bit of all those elements, but it is a very easy read, entertaining, and inspirational.     Tim doesn't just present the essence of his ideas, but breaks them down into functional components that are easy to implement. You end up with a choice of sitting on your ass criticizing or taking control of your body and life, making smart choices, collecting good data and ending up with positive changes occuring before you know what hit you.    Simple. No brainer.    Thanks for the inspiration to try new things!
030746363X|5.0|Behind the hype of the title lurks a sound approach.  The chapter on bad science is worth the price of the book, as is the notion of minimun effective dose of any substance or activity.     Every day there comes out a new study that \\"proves\\" something.  The bad science chapter, written by a doctor, points out the weaknesses of such studies.  Many of them them show only a corelation .. two factors change with each other, and there may also be important deficiencies in data collection .. often laughable ones.      The idea that you don't have to pound the pavement or lift weights for hours and hours a week to make gains is powerful -- especially for older people and others with joint vulnerabilities.     Also powerful is the idea that the effect of an exercise or diet is dependent not just on the ammount but on the effect it in turn has on the hormonal mechanism of the body.      The idea of responsible self experimentation is valuable.  Noone else is necessarily like you, so changing one factor in diet or exercise and observing the result in yourself may be very useful.     Beyond the anecdotal, magazine article, mad scientist trappings lurks a sound approach to real problens faced by ordinary people who just want to stay healthy and physically able for all of their lives.
B000PDYVVG|1.0|I am trying so hard to get to the last page of this book. I have less than half way to go, and I can't stop there when I've gotten this far. I really wish I could, I AM SUFFERING. I usually am very lenient with rating books, however this one is THAT horrible. There is no story, no purpose really -- at least not yet -- and I force myself to read it. That's not what I call a good book. A good book should have me stay up all night just to know what happens next, not stay up all night just to get rid of it forever and try and finish up all the pages.
B001S6PMYO|5.0|The DVD for Jane Austin's Sense and Sensibility is excellent.   The DVD is as described. It was mailed quickly. I recommend this seller.
B002ZG99QS|3.0|I saw the 3D trailer for this film when I went to see SAW 3D.  The trailer really impressed me and really couldn't wait to see it.  I was always a big fan of the original film and was glad to see after all these years, a sequel was to be released.     The story itself made sense, but I thought the film would have been more action packed.  Maybe the 3D just let me down.  And that it said in the beginning of the film not all of it was to be in 3d...I don't just judge a film on just effects, but I was hoping for more.  There were some scenes to me that should have been in 3D and vise versa.  I feel the film was too black and not enough neon coloring was used to match the previous film--just a bunch of yellows and oranges....I would have liked within the story see more of Sam Flynn's father in more action scenes.      With today's technology and it being a 3D film, I feel this movie could have offered more.  Maybe if the story included another \\"hero\\" in it (like if they added a friend to Sam in the story and had him go into the grid with him), the story make have been more interesting.  Maybe they will make a 3rd film and do this to give a more fleshed-out story.
B0002IQEHI|5.0|There are few films I have in my film library that is as consistently pleasing as this one.  Even though we have nearly memorized every detail, each time it is as fresh, intelligent, funny, and suspenseful as ever.  This is one of our all-time favorites.<br /><br />RoT, the normal man played by Cary Grant, is one of Hitch's greatest creations.  He is naive about the situation he has fallen into, but turns out to be resourceful and intelligent enough to stay alive through the most daunting of threats.  In the beginning, his skeptical mother is there making sarcastic comments about his explanations with a low key matronly scorn.  But RoT is also full of dark humor, even in the ruses he employs to escape or save his skin.  The disorderly scene in the auction house, for example, is absolutely classic and we laugh at it every time.  Grant's timing is perfect.  Then, when he buys in to what is happening, he takes the initiative with admirable cunning.  Even the love scenes and the exquisite chemistry between Grant and Eva Marie Saint are believable.  The other actors, such as Landau, are first rate.<br /><br />Though produced at a more innocent time when the CIA was generally in a more positive light than it is today, Hitch's touch makes it instantly suspect to the point that the viewer will question its competence and motives.  In a way, the spy they are chasing is more sympathetic, and certainly has more style.<br /><br />Recommended with the greatest enthusiasm.  It is a true classic.
030746363X|5.0|I highly encourage anyone to read this book, especially if you're trying to lose weight.  Tim Ferriss introduces some radical approaches to diet and exercise that is backed up by good science and tested results.    The people that have the hardest time recommending this book have dismissed it before even reading  it or trying the techniques.  Too often we get stuck into a certain way of thinking because \\"I know this works for me, so it must be the only right way\\".  Having done Body for Life (with success) and low carb/Atkins (with success) I thought I'd give 4HB a try.  After just one week, I'm down 7 pounds with much less effort than it took on BFL and a lot less boredom than Atkins.    Tim's approach is self-experimentation...finding what works with the minimum amount of work.  And it works.  If you haven't tried it, don't comment on it.  If you are willing to change the way you think about things, and have an open mind, definitely get this book. Guaranteed you will see a change.
B002VECM4A|5.0|I wasn't sure what this movie was about before I watched it.<br />I knew it was about an overweight teen facing difficulty growing up.<br />Imagine my surprise when the movie started.<br /><br />Ok, the good.<br />Stellar performances from the cast.<br />Direction, pacing, pretty much everything is perfect.<br /><br />The bad?<br />The subject matter.<br />I had a VERY hard time getting to the end of the movie.<br />Excessive swearing, voilence, etc...<br />Pretty much every aspect of the story is gut wrenching.<br />I don't want to tell what the movie is about, I'm not big on spoiling it for those who haven't seen it.<br />But trust me, this film will make you think.<br />It WILL make you uncomfortable.<br />This movie should be mandatory viewing for anyone who harms a child.<br /><br />I'd put \\"Precious\\" right up there with \\"The Road\\" as one of the most disturbing movies I've ever seen.<br />I'll never watch this movie again either, there's no reason to.<br />This isn't a film you sit down to with a bucket of pop corn.<br />I'll give a recommendation for people who can stomach the subject of severe child abuse.<br />For sensitive viewers, please approach with caution.<br />This movie gave me nighmares, which I think was it's intent.<br />Brilliant.<br />Disturbing.<br />Recommended.
030746363X|5.0|I purchased Tim's book \\"The 4-Hour Body\\" on my iPad, and started reading. Which was smart because right away Tim lets you know that the book is designed to be read in what ever order you want. Which is awesome if all you want to do is learn how to use more calories working out without changing your workout, or how to lose unwanted fat eating a ridiculously simple slow carb eating plan, or how to get ripped abs, or even the secret to a 15 minute orgasm. You simply go to the Chapter you want to learn more about and start reading. All the information you need is right there in the chapter you are reading. As an added bonus, everything Tim writes about he personally knows an individual who has accomplished what he is writing about..himself..    After jumping around to a couple of chapters I did start to read Tim's book at the beginning and was amazed at how much information is in this book. Do not be scared away by the thickness of the book. There are many many pictures and nice page spacing. Bottom line do the things Tim talk about work? I am on day 6 of the Slow-Carb diet and have lost 5 lbs (looking forward to day 7 my cheat day and I already have a list of things i am eating tomorrow). I started one of the exercise routines and will check back to see if something so simple can really work. All I know is on day 1 I was able to do 25 reps and day 5 had increased to 30, something is working. I am looking forward to seeing what the diet plan plus exercise program will do to my 51 year old body. I figure one is never too old to start getting back their youthful shape.
030746363X|4.0|I don't care what anybody thinks about this book, it has some pretty cool stuff in it.  Definitely worth the purchase.
B003DZX44I|4.0|If there is one genre that Disney still dominates, that would be the animated musical.  Dreamworks now rivals Disney when it comes to animated comedies; think Shrek, Over the Hedge and How to Train Your Dragon.  But for animated musicals, nobody can even challenge Disney.  And this classic take on the fairy tale is a good example why.  Clocking in at just under 1.5 hours, this movie is part romance, part drama, part comedy, and all music.  The scores are wonderful, spread out throughout the movie, and appropriately placed such that they do not distract from dialogue or action.  As for this product, the video quality is perfect.  It was also nice to see both the original film, and the intended, longer version with extra music.  All in all, a great movie.
030746363X|5.0|I read Tim Ferris' 4 Hour Workweek a year ago and found it to be life altering.  4 Hour Body is no different. I'm down 11 pounds since finishing reading the book about 2 weeks ago. My total body inches went from 182.5 inches to 177.75 inches in 1 week.  Needless to say 4 Hour Body is helping me change my body.    I highly recommend that you buy this book.    Thanks Tim!
0439023491|5.0|My children love the Hunger Games series! It's a great read. Even my 11 yr old is able to easily follow the story line. Recomended!
1400049628|4.0|Item arrived on January 9th, which was a day later than it was suppose too.  I am a huge zombie lover and I just had to have it when it was given to me as a recommendation!!!  I love this item!!!
0439023513|5.0|My children love the Hunger Games series! It's a great read. Even my 11 yr old is able to easily follow the story line. Recomended!
030746363X|5.0|I am down 6 inches off my waistline in 4 weeks and I feel like I can follow the included diet as long as I want because I get to eat enough to get full and I get to enjoy the bad but delicious foods 1 day per week.  The best thing however has been the overall good feeling that I have had since I started the diet. I no longer feel the ups and downs in energy that I did before and never even noticed until I started the diet.     I am a marathon runner who started running to lose weight and never really got results because of my eating habits. I am following the endurance and strength plans in this book in the hopes of re-gaining my love of running without going through the slog of traditional marathon training programs.    Finally there is a special section on increasing testosterone and what that can do for you in attracting women.  I followed the recommendations and confirmed Tim's results. These are happy days :)
0525951652|2.0|I have just,thankfully, finished Fall of Giants and am compelled to write a review of what I consider a work just not up to the usually acceptable Follett standard. To be kind, its a hodge-podge of pseudo political/historical claptrap relying endlessly on events which have already been done to death and in better prose. The characters are poorly developed and totally unbelievable. Imagine, we are asked to believe that a mere slip of a 23 year old has the ear of the Prime Minister giving him advice and soliciting gossip which she then spreads all over London, not least to her German pals and boyfriend. The usual nonsense of the class distinctions with an Upstairs/Downstairs scullery maid laying waste the mighty earl.....oh spare us!  It is excessively long and a jolly good edit could possibly have tightened it up to something that was not only a good read but a book that you'd recommend to your friends. Alas!! its not, and would that I had my 9.98 Kindle money back!
0375826742|2.0|I have an obsessive-compulsive need to finish what I've started. Thus, I have now finished Brisinger, the third book of what WAS the Inheritance trilogy. Why, oh why, did he not let the misery stop?! The story line of the series is cute but amateurish, and borrowed from other classics. Instead of getting on to the ending of the series (as he should have) Paolini dribbles about here and there adding in pages of details and politics that very few of us are interested in reading. If he had cut out all that stuff, and got along with the story, we'd be done now! Also, Paolini's writing style still hasn't matured any from the first book: he still tries way too hard. I'm finding the characters less likable, and the story has gotten a bit bloody for my tastes. Normally I'd ignore the violence for the sake of the plot, but I lost the plot amid all the dithering in details.
B003K15IF8|5.0|This was a wonderful book.  I enjoyed the style of writing and the development of characters.  Excellent read.
B003NFM3JK|3.0|This new version of Dickens immortal classic \\"A Christmas Carol\\",released in Nov/09,tries to breathe new life into a venerable old tale,but unfortunately it misses the mark,sorry to say.Jim Carrey of course is the driving force/voices behind Scrooge and most of the ghosts that visit Scrooge and they have been made to facially resemble Carrey very closely.This is Zemeckis and company trying desperately to do another Polar Express,the one in which Tom Hanks did most of the voices and characters;if only this movie had had the magic that one did.Scrooge here is just a thin,withered version of Carrey.The Ghost of Christmas Past has a candle flame for a head but the face though nondescript,is still faintly Jim's,along with his unmistakable voice in an Irish brogue.The ghost of Christmas present is a huge barrel chested version of Carrey.The facial expressions of all the characters here,like many of the better animated films of recent years(Shrek for instance),are made to match the emotional moments of their particular scene,making them seem all that more real,which in turn heightens the punch.<br />I needn't go into the story line too much.It's the tale of Scrooge a miserly and miserable old business man who does not make merry at Christmas and despises those who do.One night he is visited by his dead partner who is there to give him a reality check and help him to straighten up and fly right before it's too late.Three visitations by spirits finally turn Scrooge around and he becomes the better human being as a result.<br />Director Zemeckis has used a deft touch here,following much of the original book but also trying to carve out his own little Christmas Carol niche for himself.He includes some different angles to the story like the long chase sequence with the red eyed horses and his shrinking down to Lilliputian size of Scrooge as his housekeeper sells his bed curtains and he has a tussle with a cat.I found this new stuff really detracts from the main story,as if used as an excuse to lengthen/pad the movie.I might add that I first viewed this movie in the theater in 3-D.I am so glad that the story and production values work at least as well NOT in 3-D,and were not sacrificed at the expense of hyping a new/old gimmick.<br />The digitally mastered picture here is beautifully crisp and clear and the breathtaking detail is phenomenal.The film is in its original a/r of 2:40:1 and this single one sided disc edition comes in a keepcase.Special features include:a look at the filming and make up process by one of its stars,a look at the making of the film and its retelling,and deleted scenes.<br />All in all director Zemeckis has tried and failed to do for Carrey what he did for Hanks in Polar Express.The Christmas Carol is a much beloved tale and it will continue to be so in years ahead.But there has been just too much added on in this film and it falters quite fast.Recommended...just.as an excuse to lengthen/pad the movie.I might add that I first viewed this movie in the theater in 3-D.I am so glad that the story and production values work at least as well NOT in 3-D,and were not sacrificed at the expense of hyping a new/old gimmick.<br />The digitally mastered picture here is beautifully crisp and clear and the breathtaking detail is phenomenal.The film is in its original a/r of 2:40:1 and this single one sided disc edition comes in a keepcase.Special features include:a look at the filming and make up process by one of its stars,a look at the making of the film and its retelling,and deleted scenes.<br />All in all director Zemeckis has tried and failed to do for Carrey what he did for Hanks in Polar Express.The Christmas Carol is a much beloved tale and it will continue to be so in years ahead.But there has been just too much added on in this film and it falters quite fast.Recommended...just.
B002ZG976U|5.0|i saw the movie previews and thought i would never like this! Then my friends called me on a boring day i figured why not, but i really didn't want to watch the movie. However, i was completely into the movie the whole time i actually thought i was in L.A. going to the Burlesque club every single night. I left the movie theatre and bought the album listened to it all night and memorized all the songs then went back the next day to see it again. It is absolutely amazing and glamorous. It is a movie that could be watched over and over again :)  enjoy.  its my new favorite movie.
1597801585|3.0|OK with the great cover art and the Hugo wins and my disappointment with China Mieville's City & The City (for which he tied with the 2010 Hugos) I was hoping for a decent story and the overall plot seems to lead that way.<br /><br />Fails on Several Levels:<br /><br />The actual future Thailand with its \\"steampunk\\" technology is quite interesting. A society where oil has failed, that apparently even the internet and computers have failed too. No cell-phones. Dirigibles have made a come-back and bio-technology has become a two-edged sword. Cloning and other scientific devices have created new strains of plant diseases and human diseases too, that keep scientists busy and are one step away from destruction.<br /><br />Meanwhile there are political implications in all of this: We meet a corporate spy of sorts, Anderson who we later find works for a mega corporation, Agri-Gen, and further struggles with the Environmental Ministry and the other areas of Bangkok. Meanwhile political pressures lead not only towards civil war powder keg, but giving up the ideals of the culture for the disgrace of profit.<br /><br />Sounds good, huh?<br /><br />The writing style is what I hate the most about this book. The author introduces many Thai terms and lets the reader only infer their meaning. There's no second person, no third-person narrator that nods and knows these terms. Having a glossary would have helped (as Frank Herbert did in his opus, Dune).<br /><br />Page 69: Balances on planks and slips past women sweating over steaming pots of U-Tex glass noodles and reeking of sun-dried fish....ones who have bribed either the white shirts or the slum's pi lien, ...\\"<br /><br />Through inference I figured out the white shirts are from the Environmental Ministry, keepers of bio-tech and protectors of the rights of Thai (at least I think so, I may be wrong on that point). U-Tex and others have created disease resistant rice, apparently. I'm still not sure what \\"pi-lien\\" is, really. We can figure from context that it is some kind of low-life, bums, etc.<br /><br />Writing Style:<br /><br />Another criticism is the writing style. Every other chapter has a new character and you could even skip every other chapter to read through that character's adventures. Trouble is, you have to recall back what was said and there's some measure of annoying flipping back and forth.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong, this could work in some books, but not this one.<br /><br />And the characters' constant recalling back their past all the while going through some other adventure, the reader is forced to remember what was going on while they were having these long self-chattering thoughts. All the time struggling with the unexplained Thai and Chinese words and made-up stuff.<br /><br />And how did the society get this way anyway? Some brief explanation would have been nice.<br /><br />Plotlines:<br /><br />The author does tie most things together at the end, but there were a few plotlines that still were left up in the air. What happened to the wind-up girl from the Japanese factory for example?<br /><br />Definitions:<br /><br />Would have been nice! A wind-up girl is a \\"new person\\" who has been either cloned or made somehow by scientists and who have been designed to serve, even sexually, and men and women in the story take advantage of her subservience in some ways that are hard to read, such sexual perversity.<br /><br />She has had enough and rebels.<br /><br />The story is of rebellion, not only of the wind-up girl Emiko, but of the rebellion of the Kingdom of Thai against the bio-corporations of the West.<br /><br />Actually I did enjoy the battles that went on, the riots' descriptions and the struggle for the common people to survive and either rebel or give up under the thumbs of the big corporations and the other men and women who took advantage of a bad situation. However, you have to wait until page 300 for that to happen!<br /><br />Not a horrible novel but be prepared to work for your entertainment!e prepared to work for your entertainment!
030746363X|5.0|Thought provoking and well researched. (For better or worse) Tim is the quintessential modern man.    [[ASIN:030746363X The 4-Hour Body: An Uncommon Guide to Rapid Fat-Loss, Incredible Sex, and Becoming Superhuman]]
B000MR9D5E|5.0|This is the most amazing documentary. DEFINITELY a must see! The angles and footage taken is so epic, everyone needs to see it and realize what they're doing to this awesome land.
B002XTBEDI|4.0|I'm giving \\"Return to Cranford\\" 4 stars only because there's not enough visit on the DVD; even though it's quite long, I was left wanting 'more'. This visit to Cranford is just as wonderful as the first, it just needs to be longer!
030746363X|5.0|I was really skeptical about some of the suggestions Tim gave.    But after 3 weeks of using the book's protocols, I can say I have never felt better about my physique or my strength gains.    Take your body to the next level.    Become a complete human.
030746363X|5.0|I'm not going to waste your time with a 12-page synopsis as some reviews have done.  Suffice it to say that for the price of one book, you get a library's worth of information and resources.  Whether you need to slim down, gain muscle, run faster and/or longer, or a myriad of other athletic (and personal!)skills, this book is a great one-stop-shop resource.  Get yourself a pad of sticky notes and a hi-liter and get busy.  In sum, if you could only buy one book for your physical fitness/diet needs, buy this one!<br /><br />[[ASIN:030746363X The 4-Hour Body: An Uncommon Guide to Rapid Fat-Loss, Incredible Sex, and Becoming Superhuman]]<br /><br />Jim Lane<br />[...]
030746363X|5.0|I bought the 4-Hour Body because I loved the way Tim thinks. \\"Their has to be a better way to do this\\" is constantly Running through my mind. When I got the book, I read through most of it, just amazed at his writing, it was simple and easy to use. Then I went back and  put together a game plan. I lost more than 5 lbs in the first week, and the kettle bells have helped my back tremendously. I already use Active Release Techniques on my muscles and joints, and found his perspective to be in alignment with my experience. I have learned of more people that can do the work on me in my area. Beneficial as this is in growing demand and getting in is harder and harder. The five fingers were a bit of a stretch for me, but my ankles feel better after only three light work outs. I recommend you try them. This book is just chock full of simple, I tried it and this is what works stuff you can use today and tomorrow. If you want something more than you have, and you are willing to invest in yourself, I think this book will give you a better education than any PE class ever did. The results will pay dividends for years to come, unlike the nightmares of your previous PE coaches bike shorts! BUY THE BOOK, USE IT, THANK ME FOR THIS REVIEW! Thank Tim for being a Guinea pig we don't want to be. --
0312600844|5.0|Freedom, the novel captures the times I grew up in in a very satisfying way. I am age 54 and recommend this book to all my family and friends. My husband is reading it, then my best friend and then my mom and her friendship circle. Contemporary emotional issues are addressed along with generational roots. The Berglund family is a fascinating example of how we approach money, sex, drugs and politics today.
B000J233SK|5.0|great album.  Ms McKennitt's voice and the melancholy of the lyrics are very soothing.<br />My favorite is ride across the Caucasus.
030746363X|5.0|Loved it. Read the chapters I needed to get started then went back and read others of interest.  I started the slow carb, I think I will get better results w his tweaking.  Thanks Tim for being the guinea pig we needed! I love that I can have a Full cheat day that rocks!  Liked it so much I went out and got The 4 Hour Workweek!  Like Dave Ramsey says \\"I could be both skinny and rich if I could control the guy in the mirror!\\"  Tims books are a great start;)  Here's to an enlightened 2011! CHEERS!
B000SEI230|5.0|i loved this book. it shows that if you just give someone a chance that they could be exactly what you are looking for. landon never expected that he could fall in love with jamie but when he relized that he loved her depite her sickness and what his friends thought showed what true love is really about.
B002ZG98J6|4.0|I am rating the Movie, the Disk, and the Delivery Service.    The Movie - 4 stars:  I'll let others give a detailed movie review. I liked it; it was a fun show. There's a story and action.    The Disk - 5 stars:  The Blu-Ray disk seemed perfect to me. I did not notice any errors or problems in the disk.     The Delivery Service - 5 stars:  Shipment from Amazon was prompt and delivery was fast and easy to track. Perfect.    Have a great day.
B000RZIGVS|1.0|I HAVE NOT RECEIVED THIS YET!!!!!! IT SHOULD HAVE BEEN DELIVERED BY 12/30/2010!!!!   I HAVE SENT TWO E-MAILS AND STILL HAVE NOT GOTTEN A REPLY AND HERE IT IS 1/08/2011
B002QKZLZ6|5.0|THIS EARPEICE IS THE BOOOOOOOOOMB! YOU CAN LISTEN TO MUSIC, HAS NO OUTSIDE NOISE. HAS TALK TEXT. TELLS YOU HOW MUCH TALK TIME YOU HAVE AFTER EACH CALL. VERY LIGHTWEIGHT. EASY TO OPERATE. YOU'RE CRAZY TO USE ANYTHING ELSE. LOL
B003EI2EH2|5.0|You think that I am exaggerating in the title? Think again! Let me explain myself:    Timothy Ferris is a master broker of information! All his books are extremely well-written, clear, with straight steps on how to produce a desired result! The subject of each book is always covered from all the possible aspects and not only that, but there is always a companion blog that extends the knowledge gained by the book with frequent posts containing real life case studies and tips-tricks from all over the world. When you buy a Tim Ferriss book, you don't just buy the book, you buy an entire lifetime membership to the best information on the book's subject, from around the world! And this my fellow readers is what I call priceless!!!    The 4 Hour Body contains everything that it claims. It is a thorough guide to weight loss, fitness, sexual life and wellness in general. What's really important about it is that you don't have to read it all, but you can use almost every part separately as a quick access reference on what you want to achieve. You want to run fast? You go to the specific chapter! You want to lose weight while engaged in all-you-can-eat sessions? Jump to this chapter! You like the science behind all this (like i do)? Just dive to the > GA labeled parts of this book when you are reading prior to bed!    Another promise about this book? You will unlock tastes that you probably never knew that exist! I come from Greece, where the food is excellent and the holidays are a national weight-up contest! It's been my first Christmas holidays that I not only managed to not gain weight, but i also lost 3 Kg while eating like there is no tomorrow, enjoying a vast amount of new food combinations!    My lifetime membership on the wellness 4HB club has just began on 10$, not per month, not per year, but just once! By the way, Tim, if you are reading this, is there an option to pre-purchase your next book on the whatever subject? I 'll be glad to...
B0030Y11XS|5.0|GREAT JOB MICHAEL. The most powerful part is the beginning which shows Reagan's role. The rest is awesome too. It's a historical documentation on what went wrong with America.
030746363X|5.0|This product is unreal.  I read a lot, but much of what is presented is new or is presented in a way that is both more relevant and accessible than other sources that might talk about the same thing.  If you have any interest in becoming a better person in your health or well-being, i'm not sure you can spend $15 in a better way.
030746363X|5.0|Highly recommend, he talks about diet, exercise, orgasm, sleep you can't live without this book, if you felt like you were half of a man before, now you'll feel superhuman.
B00009AOBI|5.0|this is an excellent movie, it'll make you cry. i think it's so good because it's a true story. loved it.
B0043URV8M|4.0|The score for Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows part one is full of Alexandre's signature style: a mix of elegant strings and emotional melodies fit for a trip straight to the Academy Awards.     The score opens with Oblivate, a deep and dark tune to set the mood for the seventh installment in the film franchise. Roughly half-way through, its despair is given a glimmer of hope.    In Snape to Malfoy Manor, one can really sense the world falling apart around the protagonists. It is haunting, and really foreshadows the perils to come.    Polyjuice Potion ends with a sweetened rendition of the classic Hedwig's Theme.    The attack in the air really shines in Sky Battle, the desperation of getting Harry - and everyone else - to safety can be heard in every note. I can almost hear Hedwig falling from the sky.    The news of Mad-Eye's death can be heard in the poetic beauty of At the Burrow. Fleur is sobbing, Ron is in panic, and Hermione is terrified. Emotion is the key element to this piece, easily one of the best on the album.    Harry and Ginny, while very ambient, conveys Ginny's emotion as she seeks for the silver lining in all that has recently come to pass. It is a beautiful piece, but carries little melody.    We are once again reminded that Dumbledore has died as Scrimgeour takes the scene in The Will. Gentle touches of Hedwig's Theme grace this song nicely and paint a mood that continues through the remainder of the score.    While one might expect Death Eaters to be full of excessive percussion and overwhelming, it proves itself worthy, using an array of strings to carry out the task of conveying danger.    Dobby truly shines light on our favourite House Elf. It's gentle melodies are playful and as happy as possible given the circumstances.    Ministry of Magic is full of awesome, to say the least. It's very apparent that Dolores Umbridge is trotting about her merry way - the theme drips with her touch.    I laughed a little at Detonators. Listen a little too carefully, and you'll likely hear the tune of Clean-Up, straight out of Barney. Unfortunately, this does take away from the score, leaving me wishing for something a little less childish.    The Locket is very ambient and likely has its place in a dialogue-heavy part of the film. While I'll have to see the film to know how well it serves that purpose, its use in casual listening is limited.    The next track, Fireplaces Escape, is full of panic and pandemonium. It works excellently, translating what is surely on screen terror to each note, alluding nicely to themes in John Williams' score for Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban.    Some will weep as Ron Leaves. This is another one of the absolute best pieces of the score. Emotion is saturated into every note this song has too offer and Hermione's crying even now.    What follows next is perhaps the most disappointing track of them all. Large portions of The Exodus sound very much like a creaky door opening and closing in the wind. There are breaks of melody here and there, but this piece was likely meant entirely for the big screen.    Godric's Hollow Graveyard carries a calm, but troubled peace easily associated with finding Lily and James' grave markers.    The piece entitled Bathilda Bagshot is creepy. It works brilliantly to show the doom soon to come and Nagini's surprise.    I feel saddened by Hermione's Parents. In this Hermione explains what she has done to her parents, explaining what has happened at home. This is another one of the best pieces for this score.      Destroying the Locket is short but powerful. Ron's frustration and love for Hermione really shines. This is one of the darkest pieces of the score.    Ron's Speech is very emotional as well and has a soft, peaceful melody carried by strings.    The strangeness of the Lovegood family is portrayed well in their theme, Lovegood. It's beat is quick and light, playful, yet not over the top.    The Deathly Hallows is the song that has themes most closely resembling Desplat's work for The Twilight Saga: New Moon. Even so, this piece is definitely meant more to accompany rather than stand on its own, but is good nonetheless.    True percussion makes its debut in Captured and Tortured. The piece starts out very drum-heavy, then winds down to the gloomy strings. It seems to end quite suddenly, however.    Though brief, Rescuing Hermione is very action-packed and does a superb job of spiraling the action into your ears, pumping you thoroughly for one of the most intense parts of the film.    Here lies Dobby, a free Elf. Farewell to Dobby has, perhaps, the most beautiful theme of the score. Mr. Desplat did fantastically here; the simplicity and elegance of this piece truly blend with the emotion of the scene.    We conclude with The Elder Wand, a piece daring you to finish the epic of a generation. I would liked to have heard a bit of Hedwig's Theme at the end of this piece, but it works well despite it.    This score really shines and is truly a great addition to the musical scores of Harry Potter. It is emotionally round, serving as both musical entertainment and an audio companion to the seventh installment of the franchise. That aside, the magic of this score is lacking, as though it's got magical blood, but has yet to get its wand. I'm not sure if this is the lack of the latter part of the film (Deathly Hallows Part 2), or not, and really hope Mr. Desplat can take some of the finesse and skill he had in The Twilight Saga: New Moon and apply it to part two. All in all a good score, but I'm left thinking I would have preferred the score be composed by James Newton Howard.
0810979772|5.0|Just the book she was looking for. She opened it and started writing in it immediately. Glad to see her (10 years old) so interested and engrossed in a book.
030746363X|5.0|Time makes it very easy to learn some steps that will change your body and mind forever.  He also makes it easy to find the resources to impliment his strategies for changing your life.  Enjoy
B00427X9WI|1.0|I love Julia Roberts, and so does my girlfriend and I remembered she wanted to see this movie when it was in the movies but we never got there so I got it for her for Christmas along with a Blu-ray player for our bedroom.<br />BIG MISTAKE!....This movie is NOT one of Julia's best, it's her worst ever, it never gets off the ground, it's as flat as a pancake, if you are a Julia Roberts fan and MUST HAVE THIS MOVIE, then rent it and save your money, trust me, IT BLOWS, we turned it off with an hour to go, it was pure, unadulterated agony when we found out there was an hour left, the groan could be heard all over the house.<br />It was so bad, I actually apologized to her for buying it for her for Christmas.<br /><br />Who knew?
B0002XH9Z4|5.0|Tis is a great colletion.  I will surely miss the greates entertainer of all time.  Packaging was intact and product was in new condition.
B0021L8V0W|5.0|NOW THIS is a movie!<br /><br />Angelina Jolie and Liev Schrieber are on their game and at their best in this action thriller that had me glued to my seat from the get-go!<br /><br />There is enough action and bullets and stunts in this movie to keep you entertained for the whole movie, barely time to catch your breath.<br /><br />Plenty of plot twists too, I was wondering who was on whose side when and where so this movie really did it for me and will eventually make it to my collection.<br /><br />Jolie plays a Russian sleeper agent trained as a child by a man she later encounters in an interrogation room and that's when the fun starts.<br /><br />DO NOT MISS THIS MOVIE, IT WAS THE BEST OF THE BUNCH THAT I RENTED THIS WEEK!<br /><br />DEFINITELY WORTH YOUR MONEY TO BUY!
B0042U94UQ|5.0|Purchased this movie for my grandchildren - they LOVE it, but it leaves me cold!    Grandmother of three
B003UESJ9M|5.0|My 16 year old  daughter and I went to see this movie...not really knowing a lot about it...we both loved it!! The main character isn't just Gwyneth...the lead guy Garrett Hedlund was just awesome in it! We actually want to go and see this again we enjoyed it so much!!
B000002KD9|5.0|After the Gold Rush is the best album ever.  Hands down.  Neil Young's creativity in writing and his lyrical ability really shines in every song.  From Tell Me Why to Cripple Creek Fairy, every song speaks to the listener but allows for interpretation, adaptation and understanding on a personal level.      There are basically no artists like Neil Young left.  After the Gold Rush, so full of honestly and candor, is perfect because of its imperfections, its rawness, and the fact that Neil Young would be writing the exact same songs whether we were listening or not.  And this fact is what makes After the Gold Rush so accessible and so pristine - the rawness, and the fact that I feel like I'm listening to Neil's heart sing.    If you don't already have it, it is a must for any music collection.  If you already have it, buy it for someone who doesn't!!!
B003UESJH4|5.0|The previous reviews have noted the details of the movie. In my opinion, this is one of the best films of recent times. If it doesn't sweep the Oscars, there will be a miscarriage of justice. See it. It deserves ten stars, not five. Martha Cole
030746363X|5.0|Tim is very direct, willing to research and experiment and call out when people are wrong.  If you've been following fitness science carefully, many ideas will be familiar to you, but Tim organizes them, lays them out in an efficient way, distills what's actionable and does more research than I could ever hope to do while holding a day job.  Lots of depth, and little BS/agenda.    I'm motivated and I've been recommending this book to my friends.
030746363X|5.0|So much info packed into this book!    I've bought copies for so many frieds and family members because there's something in it for everyone who wants to lose weight, gain weight, get healthier, have better sex.  The list goes on and on and on
B003ZSJ212|3.0|I have been a die hard Star Wars fan from the first movie. Not so thrilled with the prequels, but bought em anyway, and saw em in the theater's as well. I have seen the first or 4th depending on your point of view in the theater when it came out 17 times all together. At least back then I was dating and had a different date every time I went. Or, so I paid double for each viewing. Either way, I bought the movies on Beta, then VHS, and again VHS, oh and on the precurser to DVD's the Record that played with a needle inside a machine that played movies like records, then and record sized lazer disks, yeah who remembers them? Now, I have all 6 both sets on DVD, that I have not even seen yet, and here comes the blu-ray. While I am hugely tempted, I just don't know if I am ready to shell out the $90 after spending $70 or so with tax on the last six on dvd, that I have not even seen yet. Oh, prior to that I had purchased the first three or 4-6 depending on your point of view on DVD individually. Those I have seen. But, then came the better version in the sets of 4-6, and 1-3. So, I purchased those. I have so many versions of Star Wars, I believe I could hold a yard sale. So, what do I think about this, well, the movies I would give 5 stars. However, I believe there should be a special sale price for people like me, who own so many versions. Then motivate us to purchase the blu-ray. On the other hand, Star Wars on Blu-Ray should be an amazing experience. But, what's next, Star Wars 3D, then something better. How many times are we going to dip into our wallets for this one series of movies? I wish I could answer that. I honestly dont' know. I had thought I was done with the Star Treks, when I purchased the redone standard definition versions for $99 each. But then my wife got the blu-ray version for my birthday and now, I have those. Here is a note though, those in Blu-Ray to me anyway seem grainy compared to the standard definitions. I hope it is not the same with Star Warsin Blu-Ray.
B000RK3JOC|4.0|I read \\"Looking for Alaska\\" first, and then was inspired to read this one. It was a good choice. This is the kind of young adult fiction I wish was written when I was a young adult. It captures the angst, the good intentions, the mistakes, and the things that don't turn out the way you wanted, along with the things that do. I enjoyed \\"Looking for Alaska\\" more, but this one will have a permanent place on my bookshelf after I loan it out to many frinds.
B000FC11JW|4.0|Years ago the then speaker of the house recommended this book during a C-Span lecture. I have never regretted it and love the lessons on hiring, prioritizing, decision-making and execution.
0061537969|5.0|The picture caught my attention, and the book is as good as the picture.   No you won't be too sad if you've just lost a pet, actually you'll be given a little hope.   Read it, you won't be disappointed.
B003E6K1VK|5.0|This product is amazing. For the price you pay I definitely think its worth the money. To fully utilize this baby you need to make sure you are not using the 3.5 jack used for headphone output. By using a direct connect which bypasses the mp3's amp altogether you don't have to turn up the volume on this amp nearly as much s you would otherwise plus the sound quality is way better. I cannot say enough about how good the music sounds. Even on a junk pair of headphones it will truthfully make your music sound better. But if you get a good pair of headphones you will really notice the difference in your music. It give me a totally new perspective on music. Thank you Fiio and Amazon.
B00488I8O0|4.0|I will keep it short. This is one of Motorhead's better albums.  Especially the last four tracks.  Brotherhood of Man - see Orgasmatron.  Both great songs.  Lots of spotlight on Phil and Mickey.  First half is straightforward Motorhead.  The whole album feels familiar; just like every other album does.  That's not a bad thing at all - When you are Motorhead.
030746363X|5.0|I decided to buy this book after listening to Timothy Ferriss being interviewed on Robb Wolf's The Paleo Solution podcast. I read it in 2 days, well the bits I was interested in anyways.     This book is meant to be read like a 'Choose your own adventure' story where you pick and choose amongst the topics that have some relevance for you.    As a woman trying to lose a few pounds and gain some muscle tone, the Subtracting Fat and Adding Muscle chapters were required reading.    As a woman with a partner, the Improving Sex section was required reading for him (btw, that stuff works!!!). That chapter alone led to the most sheet-clutching, roof-raising, ear-splitting 15 minutes of my life!    Who doesn't need to sleep better? However the idea of sleeping less without feeling tired really appeals to me. Want more hours in the day? Here's how to get them!    I love to swim, but I suck at freestyle. The From Swimming to Swinging chapter has easy to follow instructions to make your swimming style effortless.    Finally, on having a healthy and productive old age, not just living longer, there's On Longer and Better Life. I had already read about and practiced Intermittant Fasting, but Protein Cycling is new to me and may be worth a try.    Overall, the book is very well written, entertaining and informative. I love the approach of getting the best results in the minimum amount of time, we all have very busy lives and if we could devote 10 hours a week to working out, no doubt we'd look amazing, but what if you only have 90 minutes a week? Can you get the same results? Tim Ferriss says yes and I for one and willing to give his ideas 90 days to see if he's right.
030746363X|5.0|This is a great book for me. I have never been able to stick to diet before. My results are incredible in just 3 weeks I lost 10 pounds and two inches off my stomach. Best of all the supplements mentioned in multiple chapters have eliminated my back pain, allowed me to work out with an old rotator cuff injury again and given me loads of energy. I sleep a allot better thanks to the chapter on sleep. I have outgrown my home fitness gym and now joined a regular gym and started free weights. My blood sugar is normal levels now and I have stopped taking my diabetes medication which was approved by my doctor. The exercises in the book produce amazing results with very short work out times. The exercise equipment plan is given in the book to build your own equipment. This is my first review of a book here. I hope everyone who has tried and failed pick up this book and learn that it is not calories in calories out. The other nice thing is the book tells you why the diet works in as technical terms as you want to go. BUY THIS BOOK!
B003INBNXO|4.0|There was no duel with a Japanese general for Ip Man; indeed, he worked as a policeman during the war--a profession the film ridicules. He was apparently also an opium addict. I think an honest history of the man wouldve been preferable to a jingoistic anti-Japanese patriotic call to arms. That said, the kung fu is great.
B003VVS67Y|1.0|THIS IS A STRANGE SELECTION TO PUT ON A SAMPLER DISC, AND CERTAINLY WOULD NOT BE A POPULAR CHOICE FOR MOST PEOPLE. NOT RECCOMENDED.
6304806418|5.0|My original copy of this was lost in Katrina.  I had no idea that it was available from Amazon until I found it while browsing the web site.  As a company, Amazon has no idea how much I appreciate getting this back in my possession.
030746363X|5.0|I believe that this book has been incredibly helpful in my weight loss goals. The great part about this book is that you don't need to read it cover to cover. Each chapter could live on it's own.
B0045HCJ6M|5.0|How can anyone make a statement regarding one of the best musical videos available.  I can only state that I was amazed that the clairity and sound was that of the original recording and took me back a number of years to the date I first saw Camelot.  This is well worth owning.
B003O86FMW|4.0|This is an ok sequel to the \\"hunger games\\". until the end of the book when our brave little girl has to go back in the hunger games. Explosive ending that have you wondering what is going?
B002ZG98PA|5.0|I love this movie, here's why:  My friends and I decided to go to the movies, just to go to the movies, we didn't care what it was.  My first thought was that the movie would be terrible, childish, and a waste of money.  Soon I found it to be just the opposite.  I suppose the movie would be aimed at pre-teens, but I think it is enjoyable for all.  I laughed throughout the movie, I was inspired, and I wanted to go and watch it again as soon as it ended!  I recommend this to everyone!
B002MQYOFW|4.0|Good read, vivid characters, great storyline that grabs you in the beginning of the book and keep you there. I finish this book in a 24 hour time frame because I couldnt put it down. This book is about people having no choice and living the live that was given to them. Until one brave girl stood up to fight the odds.
B004132I20|4.0|Modern day recreation of Doyle's classic.  Most enjoyable.  Both Holmes and Watson are wonderful.  Can't wait for next season and Moriarity!
B0006H4B52|5.0|My favourite movie of all time now being sold for big bucks.  I got it second hand for a low, low price, in mint condition!  So happy to do business with Amazon.com.  It also arrivd much faster than predicted. WOW!  Made my Christmas. Thanks
0307272702|5.0|Every nutrition researcher from Mary Enig to T. Colin Campbell agrees that public nutrition information dispensed by organizations such as the USDA and WHO is faulty and misleading. Unfortunately, that seems to be the only thing these researchers agree upon. The nutrition advice they give individually varies wildly, and it's difficult figuring out who to listen to. Gary Taubes' voice speaks louder than all these researchers. His writing demonstrates scientific rigor, attention to detail, and unbiased scientific reporting that is lacking in other researchers'.     Good Calories, Bad Calories (GCBC) was like an anthology of crucial nutrition research that's been tragically ignored over the last century. In 500 pages Taubes tackled public health issues such as the cholesterol hypothesis, chronic disease, and of course, obesity and its treatment. As a big fan of that book, I personally wish Tabues would write a 2,000 page followup to GCBC. I'd lap up every page, so compelling and informative is his writing.    But this book, Why We Get Fat, was also a good choice for a follow-up to GCBC. It offers much of the same information that Taubes provided in GCBC, but its content is presented more simply and with less dense discussions of specific studies, researchers, and politics (although there is still plenty of all of that). Some of the content is directly lifted from GCBC, and some of the information is the same but presented in new and thought-provoking ways. Taubes' books can read like novels at times because of the way his passages make you think. Take this one: \\"The instructions that we're constantly being given to lose weight--eat less (decrease the calories we take in) and exercise more (increase the calories we expend)--are the very same things we'll do if our purpose is to make ourselves hungry, to build up an appetite, to eat more.\\"     Taubes pulls from a vast array of sources to arrive at his conclusion. While most nutrition writers are content to cherry pick select studies that support their argument (or, in Campbell's case, to cherry pick select data from one study to support his argument), Taubes looks at the issue of obesity from many angles, which makes his conclusions that much more compelling. His conclusions are: \\"overnutrition\\" and lack of exercise do not cause obesity; calorie restriction and increased energy expenditure are not cures for obesity; and that carbohydrates are the true cause of obesity and their restriction necessary for its defeat. At the end he gives a list of advice for anyone wishing to lose weight according to his hypothesis.    Taubes is a researcher worth listening to. Could he be completely wrong? Yes, and he even admits it. He's calling for testing of his hypothesis, and his extensive research and skilled reporting makes it clear that the hypothesis is worth testing. Something particularly telling is the fact that there are prominent nutrition researchers who disagreed with the conclusions made in Taubes last book, GCBC, and yet none of these researchers have produced a comprehensive rebuttal. The point is that we need to rethink what we think we know about nutrition and public health, and Taubes' research and conclusions is a great starting point.     Why We Get Fat is an easy read that suits everyone interested in proper nutrition and weight loss. Good Calories Bad Calories is the superior overall package (and I'm still hoping for that 2000 page sequel) but this book will serve the niche of people who want to get healthier but need to learn how using a book that's a bit easier to digest.
030746363X|3.0|Some of the book gets a little far-of-field, including a fair amount of stuff that will never surpass interesting anecdote for most folks. I suppose I would much rather have him miss on this side than have him not include things that could be useful.    I definitely recommend reading the book, and can just about guarantee you'll change your life in some way after reading it. There is a lot of good stuff in there.    However, he seriously mishandled the online chapters and the like. Check out my post for more detail: [...]    I still recommend reading it, just don't get excited about \\"bonus material\\", \\"hidden chapters\\", or \\"online resources\\".
B002N5N5R0|5.0|I really enjoy this series and since Dish cut out FX  for over a month and killed the third Sons of   Anarchy season for me, I was really glad when  I found a package deal on both season one and  season two of the program.  Like the Sons, I  killed off Dish and \\"patched\\" Direct TV to protect  my future Sons viewing.
030746363X|5.0|this book is a great read!  actually LOL funny with fantastic tips, information and antidotes. great book for people into efficiency and maximizing output.  seriously loads of information here.  take notes!
B0032Y8XH8|5.0|I rarely write reviews for Amazon, but I feel strongly enough about this album to make an exception.  Sigh No More is a truly groundbreaking album, and a very refreshing break from the \\"music\\" that dominates the radio today.  In a year when the Grammys are dominated by pop stars with little to no actual talent, Mumford and Sons represents the kind of music that's been largely missing: they are talented musicians and songwriters who don't need autotune to make them sound great.    The album has a nice mix of upbeat songs and slower ballad-y songs.  The instrumentation is simple (just a few acoustic guitars, banjos, strings, and drums) but incredibly effective at setting the mood.  The lead singer's voice is full of emotion on all of the songs.  All in all, just an amazing record.    If you're looking for a nice break from the pop and rap that's all over the radio, look no further.
B000PUQTWS|5.0|Bet your bottom dollar<br />That tomorrow<br />There'll be sun!<br /><br />This is a Chronicle of the great Death in Wishborg 1838<br /><br />The original story is as old as the Carpathian Mountains. A real estate agent Knock (Alexander Granach) gets a mysterious request from a far-off land; Count Graf Orlok (Max Schreck) is in need of a new abode. He sends his best man Hutter (Gustav v. Wangenheim) to seal the deal. The mysterious being, Nosferatu, has nefarious purposes that will seal more than the deal and in the process is attracted to a tasty Mrs. Hutter (Greta Schroeder).<br /><br />This is the 1922 F.W. Murnau's silent German classic adaption of Brahm Stoker's Dracula. The movie follows the book little closer than today's movies do. There were a few necessary changes. I believe that was the nature of movies around 1922. Max Schreck did an excellent job of playing the deviant snacker.<br /><br />Although no variations can come close to this original film, many people think of Werner Herzog's 1978 film \\"Nosferatu the Vampyre\\" as a good variation, This also being my personal favorite as I am a fan of Klaus Kinski. I suggest that you look at some of the others and see what you think and who you consider the real Dracula.
030746363X|5.0|Nobody can get you to where you want to be faster than Tim Ferriss.  This amazing piece of work filters the research so only the most effective techniques remain.  You'll have mind-blowing results faster than you thought possible!
030746363X|5.0|I am a neophyte when it comes to nutrition and fitness, so I can't respond to the specific criticisms of bad science or different approaches.    I can only tell you my personal experience with this book, which is terrific.  I bought the book the day it came out, having read a recommendation on Gizmodo.  In any case, I started reading it, and I really liked it.  The combination of personal narrative and writing from a tinkerer's perspective really helped me to understand the material.  Ultimately, I decided to try it, making a RADICAL change from my current diet of junk/garbage to something where I am gaining benefits and losing weight.  I have set goals, made bets, and ultimately, I think my physical body is going to change to something more ideal.  All because of a book that I enjoyed reading.    An anecdote - I went to the downstairs grocery store at work yesterday.  I looked around to see if there was anything that I could eat from the 4HB diet.  There was not one. single. thing.  At that moment, I realized that the changes I have made were positive, and that I was going to continue the diet and muscle program for the forseeable future.    We (my family and I) highly recommend THE FOUR HOUR BODY.
B003EI2EH2|5.0|I'm not much of a writer so my review will be quick and simple, just like the ideas in Tim's book.  This may be a huge tome in hardcover, but as a kindle book owner I never would have known that.  The information is very well organized, and easily accessed through the links and table of contents.  I did as he suggests at the beginning and began only reading the areas that applied to my needs.  I love how he takes every aspect of life (especially the body in this book) which most others like to complicate, and simplifies through experimentation. I have been a fan of simplified life since I read his other book The 4-Hour Work Week a few years ago, but have strayed away from some of the concepts.  Reading this book has helped get me back on track not only to losing weight, toning up and feeling better, but also back to a simplified life.
0131103628|5.0|I've been programming in C (among other programming languages) for over 30 years now and it still amazes me that whenever I have some question about how C will handle some construction this book invariably will provide an answer.  The 2nd edition is a very worthy successor to the 1st and anyone who seriously programs in C should have this book on their shelf for reference.  The book does have a bit of a tutorial to help those who already program in some other procedural language and to provide a vehicle for examples, but the book is definitely not a good choice for a true beginner or someone who needs a lot of hand holding to get through a programming exercise.  I always like to contrast this book with the typical Java reference, which typically rivals War and Peace in size.  In a little over 200 pages, K&R manage to exhaustively cover C and its most commonly used libraries.  For those interested in writing a compiler, they also include the grammar.  The book is truly a tour de force in how much the authors have managed to cram into so few pages.  There is very little redundancy, which is why it is a frustrating book for first-timers.  Over the years I've acquired a number of C references and none come remotely close to this one for staying power; my other C references in truth are collecting dust, whereas I'm on my second copy of this one having worn out the first.<br /><br />As many of you know, C is the language created to develop Unix, which is why it retains its stature as a major programming language and why so much system software continues to be written in C or its derivative C++.  If you are a professional, or at least reasonably good in some procedural programming language, with an interest in getting up to speed in C, this book is probably your best bet.  It's no accident that C compiler writers talk about their compilers being \\"white book C\\" compliant (which is why the white cover has been retained).  K&R has long been the semantic standard for C, so if you want to be an expert, you should have a copy of this book to be able to get your knowledge of C from the horse's mouth.to be an expert, you should have a copy of this book to be able to get your knowledge of C from the horse's mouth.
B0015DROBO|4.0|This was the first book i read on my new kindle.  At the beginning of the book, I almost quit reading it because I was having trouble following it.  I pushed on, though and it became a very good read.  The only thing that was difficult for me was the language being a mix between english and nordic languages.  I liked the primary characters and am looking forward to the other two books and hope Blomkvist and Salander are in both.
B003ZTQN1I|3.0|About half the songs on the CD are sung by popular country artists.  In the movie, Leighton Meester sings \\"A little bit Stronger\\" not Sara Evans as on the CD for example.  I would have much rather had the song versions from the movie, not what is on the falsely labeled soundtrack here.  As music, the CD is not bad but it is not really the soundtrack.
B000JQUZCI|3.0|Well, I read it, I thought it exceedingly boring.  But.. The writing is fair at times, if inconsistent, and a classic is a classic.  The writing can be incredibly boring in long, long stretches,  and the \\"depth\\" of the book, its Moral, (even being well known and obvious before reading the book)is worn out long ago.  I thought I might see something more to it than what was already known, but amazingly, there was less.
B002ZG9774|1.0|Elevator music. Burlesque manages what seemed impossible: It is filled with half-naked dancing girls, yet it's still boring. So bad it's moderately entertaining, Burlesque is a lesson in how not to put on a musical. For a film with so much camp promise and the world crying out for a successor to the so-bad-it's-good cult Showgirls, this clich packed film is disappointingly mediocre. Collapses under a heap of boring love triangles, tame backstage rivalries, ear-splitting musical numbers and hyperactively edited routines. We've seen these kinds of clubs before, usually with guys dressed up as Madonna, Barbara, Cher -- wait, there's the guy doing Cher now. In a sailor hat and tights. Oh dear God ... it actually IS Cher.
B00333NCTM|4.0|What was intereting was reading how Black Sabbath was formed and got its foot in the door of rock and roll.  I doubt that many bands would find this formula workable today, and it showed a real desire to succeed on part of the band.  The characters are all fleshed out well, and the incidents of living a rock life were expectedly entertaining.  Ozzy, being Ozzy, comes across as the hapless, and exceedingly lucky, character. It was interesting to learn that Sharon is as insane as he is, though in a slightly different way.  I found some of the book to be genuiniely revolting, and in truth it knocks Ozzy down a few pegs in my opinion.  But, I have to say that he states having remorse for those very things that are simply cruel and idiotic.  If you're expecting a self-promoting autobiography, this isn't it.   As far as it being \\"laugh-out-loud\\" funny, well... I guess it could be if you have no idea about Ozzy, but assuming you do or otherwise you wouldn't buy the book, it really is totally expectable insanity, with nothing in the way of surprises. But then again...Ozzy is Ozzy.  What else can be said?
B0040ZA2D6|5.0|My granddaughter loves this band\CD so I purchased it and put in on her new iPod Nano for Christmas.  She didn't take her head phones off for a couple days I think.  LOL
B000001F5A|5.0|I just received this in mail yesterday, & am listening to it right now as I type this, for already the 3rd or 4th time. I'd hear the title song on our classical music station & was swept away by it.  I sure do wish the movie was still available, but it seems not to be according to Amazon. I would love to see what accompanies this beautiful music! Even tho this underlying theme runs throughout most of the score, the many variations & twists that Vangelis puts on it makes it anything but boring. Beautiful,thrilling Music!!!
B00005OCMR|1.0|I seen this movie alot alot of times. I wanted to buy this movie to show my girlfriend what the 82' Tron looked like before we saw the new Tron...but.... i dont love her this much to buy a 200$ movie! Ridiculious
B000VFGSI2|3.0|I know that Glenn Gould didn't want to churn conventional interpretation of music he recorded, but all poetry was sucked out of Beethoven here. This CD is interesting only to demonstrate how radically the same music could be interpreted but Gould failed to discover new facets in Beethoven.
B0011NVCSO|5.0|Bon Iver's For Emma, Forever Ago is an instant classic.  In 50 years people will ask you: Where were you when you first heard For Emma?  Justin's voice is like velvet on vinyl, smooth velvety chocolate.  If in doubt buy this album, it is amazing.  My 3 month old daughter loves it also
B003ZTQN1I|4.0|While this is a great soundtrack, and I am NOT a country music fan, I missed not having so many of the great songs sung by Garrett and Leighton.  If those are the versions of many of these songs you are after, check out Country Strong (More Music from the Motion Picture) on iTunes.  It was released Dec 21, 2010.
B000KKPN5C|5.0|The flash on my Nikon D40 stopped working for some reason, which seems to be a common problem for owners of this particular model.  Between buying an external flash for the D40 or buying a new SLR altogether, I opted for the former.  The flash works simply and easily, and is much brighter than the camera's built-in flash ever was.  The pictures turn out better as well.  Thankfully it works really well, since having this flash prevented me from having to buy another SLR.  Considering a new camera with new lenses and other miscellaneous equipment could have run into the thousands, the cost of this flash (just over $100 in total) was well worth it for me. I'd recommend this flash to anyone whose D40 is having flash problems.
B00005JMFQ|5.0|This movie follows many different love stories covering all sorts of emotions. Beautiful, sad, and hilarious all in one neat holiday package!
B0036EH3WU|5.0|Great show. Cool packaging. I almost quit watching Lost about half way through because I was upset that they never explained anything.  I accepted the fact that they never would and continued watching and in the end I have never enjoyed a tv series more.
030746363X|5.0|This book cuts to the chase.  I like the fact that it is not a self ascribed solution to everything dietary or work out related, but rather it is a summation of what has worked for some people.  Right or wrong, theory or fact, results are results.  Very interesting case studies, and lots of practical advice.  A good read overall.  I'm giving it 5 stars because It didn't bore me and the content was fresh fresh fresh.
0812548094|3.0|Am about 1/4 the way into the book and I am finding it hard to put it down.  Probably would have been done with it except it took almost 4 weeks to get the book. I got the 3rd in the series the week after I ordered it.    Terry Goodkind is a delightful read. He keeps my interest with the turn of a page..
B000YJ54DU|5.0|Great book with a real rhythm that builds. There was almost a poetry to Reacher's repeated desert travails. I notice however that suddenly this novel gets lots of one stars from supposed Reacher fans. Reading their reviews it becomes obvious that the reviewers are angry that the author actually may have dropped a few of his own views into the story. Imagine that! That these views aren't traditional right wing seems to have set off a lot of the reviewers. But then again, many on the right are angry much of the time anyway and many have shown very little ability to deal with having their views challenged so I'm not surprised they'd all chime in with one stars. Really, if you're angry that a few drops of ink are arranged in a way that doesn't match your own outlook, there's always Tom Clancy et al. They keep grinding their stuff out and it's safe and predictable - plus a few other things. Save Child and Reacher for those of us who appreciate a surprise here and there and can actually live with ideas and concepts that differ from our own.
B00192IV9U|5.0|this cd was good....but it felt so familiar...almost like i knew the songs already...micheal sounded good tho...he should still be here!!!!
B0045ODPKY|1.0|This is not worth seeing. Angelina Jolie is so overrated. She plays a tough anorexic spy - She could not have weighed more than 100 pounds and she is beating and killing russian spys and CIA agents.  They could have done so much better in casting someone else for this part. The only thing that brought in the viewers is her name.  When you are looking for an action star be a little more picky. Liem Nielsen would have fit this.  They say that a person should not be judged on their looks. Well when you have a rough and tough action movie you do not put a 100 lb female in that spot.
030746363X|5.0|Tim Ferris is a bit odd, thank goodness for that. His obsession with ferreting out the best alternative towards life often leads to out of the box thinking. He is right to do so and you reap the rewards of his outlandish attempts and his somewhat obsessive record keeping.    I am a 56 year old man and familiar with much of what Tim has written , in fact I worked for the swimming guru that created Total Immersion.    Nevertheless in a clear and well written sliver of a book Tim gives great advice and even if you use only part of the advice it is money well spent. Moreover if you accept his way of thinking and expand in your own quest for optimum health in a minimum amount of time and effort ......BUY THIS BOOK .    I could write more but stop wasting time; start on this path towards a better life .
B003EI2EH2|5.0|I got this book a week ago and have followed the plan. I have lost 4 lbs. in one week and looking forward to more in the next week. It is not nearly as difficult as other plans I have tried. I would recommend it to anyone who needs to make a change and needs the idea of a \\"cheat day\\" to keep them moving.....
B003YFIUW8|1.0|Apparently I am deeply in the minority but I completely despised this book. I found the narrative, done in the 5-year old Jack's perspective, incredibly annoying. I had a hard time finding even one redeeming quality for any of the characters and very quickly found that I really did not care about the outcome or their well-being. I don't have a problem with dark, disturbing subject matter, so this review does not come from that. I simply found the book poorly written and a revolting tale. Sorry.
B004EI3ON4|4.0|After watching Tron Legacy the first thing I was amazed by was the score. I was hoping that the soundtrack would come out, and lo and behold, here it is. To those purchasing this album solely for the \\"Daft Punk\\" label, save your time and simply get Derezzed, End of the Line, The Game Changes, and the Finale (Ending Credits) and save yourself the extra money. For those of you who watched the movie and enjoyed the various moods of the movie and the arrangements that went with it, this covers quite a bit of the material. For you completionists out there, it is worth noting that there are some tracks from the original score that are not present on this disc. However, for the price point I felt that this was competely acceptable.<br /><br />This is not an \\"Inspired by\\" soundtrack, this is the original score, so Daft Punk fans may want to preview the tunes before they sink the money into the full album. This is not to say that this is not a good compilation, but know what you are buying before you think it is a full album.<br /><br />As for the music itself, the only major complaint I have about it is that the score lengths are just a bit too short. While I know that this is a necessary evil in film, some of the finer bits that I wanted to continue (I'm looking at you, \\"The Grid\\") end all too quickly. The music to the movie seemed to fit very well with a combination of classicial instrumentation to add an epic sound, combined with enough electronica/trance/techno to give it the sci-fi/computer feel to it.<br /><br />In summary, ignore the Daft Punk hype and evaluate this soundtrack on the merits of it being a movie score, rather than an \\"inspired by\\" disc. For those of you who loved the music in the movie, you are getting exactly that.
030746363X|5.0|There are always reasons for success.  You have to ask yourself what do you want from this book. That is a question you have to ask yourself. For me it gave me exactly what I was looking for. I've tried many diet and exercise programs from people claiming incredible results. Yet they didn't really manifest with me and they wanted you to buy this or that from their company. Howya doing body for life.    What made this book my holy grail? Because Tim tells you to be skeptical these are things that worked for him they may not work for you. He is very upfront about that.   What he is really encouraging you to do is make a choice to change and find out what really works for you. Don't just go in such and such diet or physical fitness program with hope this might be the one. Experiment do it scientifically.   He tells you to measure and adjust to what works for you.   My example cold exposure you can find information for it \\"it will increase your fat loss to unbelievable levels\\" to it really doesn't do anything arguments. However I've found huge changes for me and I've adjusted them to what works for me.     This book is a guide not a manual.   Remember question everything but don't be afraid to take a plunge.
B00006AW2G|2.0|This was supposed to be one of the best Stones albums.  Sucks.  If you love the stones you'll probably like it though.  I'm shocked at how bad of a singer Mick is.  Get Sticky Fingers if you must.
B002MW50KO|3.0|Santa Claus is Coming to Town is worth the price of the CD. I am a senior citizen who listened to Dylan in the '60s. It was delightful to hear his rendition of the peppy Christmas songs as they sounded so unlike him. The slower carols were not so enjoyable. Dylan's scratchy voice just doesn't work on Hark the Herald Angels.
B00006AW2P|2.0|This was supposed to be one of the best Stones albums.  Sucks.  If you love the stones you'll probably like it though.  I'm shocked at how bad of a singer Mick is.
B003DKJ5ZU|5.0|We finally got around to watching this movie. I honestly thought it was going to be some terrible direct to shelves video but I was pleasently surprised. As a whole it's a great family movie. The animation is top notch and very detailed, more so than some of the theater release animations of the last couple years. I can't speak for the DVD but the blu-ray presentation is very crisp.    After watching and enjoying this video we'll most likely be getting the other Tinker Bell videos as well.
B00006AW2J|2.0|This was supposed to be one of the best Stones albums.  Sucks.  If you love the stones you'll probably like it though.  I'm shocked at how bad of a singer Mick is.  I did like Sticky Fingers.
030746363X|5.0|I am following the slow-carb diet and am losing weight; my bf is on a different plan to gain muscle mass. we are both amazingly pleased with the speedy results. if you follow tim's advice (no cheating- be strict with yourself if you want to achieve your goals) you will definitely succeed and be satisfied with the results. AMAZING book! totally worth every penny.
0375507256|5.0|My first Mitchell book, and I couldn't stop reading. Enough has been written about the structure--I just want to say each segment had its own reward and together they create one of the most gratifying reading experiences I've ever had.
B002ZG993Q|4.0|I have to laugh at all those who gave this one star. Not enough car chases and gunplay typical of American action movies for them. These are the same people who would watch \\"Solaris\\" and complain it's not Star Wars, or the type that think the Transformer movies are good.     It's not an American action movie. It definitely has a European sensibility. It is a contemplative thriller and character study, not a hyper-violent action movie. The tension percolates, not explodes. We see Clooney's character slowly evolve, trying to remove the armor that has closed him off for so long.    The cinematography is often stunning. Corbijn shows his photographic background in the way he frames shots. There is real tension as the movie moves towards its climax. But it's a quiet, coiled tension, not the cartoonish action we see in too many American films.    The movie has its flaws. The plot is familiar. It is never fully explained why Jack is a target of those after him. But none of this detracts from the movie's strengths, which are considerable to those have the patience to appreciate the art in this film.    Antonioni's \\"The Passenger\\" has been mentioned as a comparison. The comparison is not fully apt, other than the similar ending. It is not Anotnioni's best film and its cinematography is sub-par compared to \\"The American.\\"    This movie is definitely worth viewing, and I predict it will gain in appreciation over time.
B003YNFYD8|5.0|This album is as good as the red one and you need it. It is a great cd and a good one for the collection.
B001UV4XHY|4.0|As the aggregation of six films, the first part of the final Harry Potter film, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1 (whew), carries with it weighty expectations.  With each installment the stakes have been raised to the point where the final film will have awfully high hurdles to clear.  Besides, after making one's way through what's likely around fifteen hours of film already, you're likely going to want a massive payoff.  In the case of HP 7.5, it may be too early to decide whether the concluding movie delivers on the ever growing anticipation for the final conflict between good and evil, but I can confidently state that the film ingeniously ups the ante not by making Potter and his gang face off against even more powerful magicians, but by making our heroes grapple with their own interior fears, jealousies and existential nightmares.      Just as the final film in the series has been cleaved in two, we might look at HP 7.5 as a film divided.  The first half takes the form of an espionage thriller, pitting Voldermort against the Order of the Phoenix.  Realizing that Harry might be the only person capable of defeating Voldemort, the Order of the Phoenix creates several Harry decoys in hopes of redirecting any assassination attempts away from the real Harry.  Their ruse is almost immediately discovered when several Death Eaters intercept the faux-Harries (and the real one) in mid-air, leading to an impressive chase scene across the London skyline and English countryside.  This action sequence is perhaps only bested by Harry, Ron and Hermione's infiltration of the Ministry of Magic, which has been recently co-opted by the Death Eaters, to retrieve a magic locket.  These set pieces give the audience exactly what they want from their blockbusters: big adventure and even bigger special effects.  Unlike the average blockbuster, which usually globs a bunch of CGI on the screen like a two year old with finger paints, HP 7.5's action is carefully crafted mixture ofexcruciating suspense and daring deeds.       About halfway through the film, however, HP 7.5 makes a strange turn into what seems like a different film.  After recovering the magic locket from the Ministry of Magic, Harry and company flee to the English countryside in order to decide how to dispose of this mystical object.  The locket, we learned from the last installment, is a horcrux, or an object that houses part of Voldemort's soul and grants him eternal life, until they're all destroyed, that is.  The horcrux locket shares many of the same qualities as the ring in Tolkein's Lord of the Rings saga.  It cannot be destroyed by except under special circumstances and brings out the worst in whoever happens to bear the locket at any given time.  Naturally, the three take turns with the evil artifact, but this precaution still does not prevent the inanimate agitator from wreaking havoc on their interpersonal relationships.  Ron is the first affected by the heavy burden of the locket, accusing Harry and Hermione of carrying on an illicit affair and eventually abandoning their expedition.      Of course, Ron isn't entirely wrong in his accusations.  It is difficult not to notice a simmering mutual attraction between Harry and Hermione.  After Ron leaves, the two of them share a dance to a Nick Cave song (a lesser director would have brought in the overused \\"Hallelujah,\\" and still an even lesser director would have used the Rufus Wainright cover), a surprisingly tender moment that is at first difficult to read.  By establishing that Ron's insecurities are more than just paranoia, the film utilizes the locket's magic to uncover real depth to its characters.  The majority of the second half follows the characters as they attempt to discover how to destroy the horcrux, all the while moving from one gorgeous British landscape to the next.  This extended camping trip seems somewhat lugubrious compared to the tightly constructed first half, and, as they stumble from one clueto the next Harry and Hermione seem at a loss as to what direction to take and where to go.  This is their \\"Jesus in the Wilderness\\" moment where the characters begin to question the efficacy of what they are doing.  We might also situate this stretch of the film within the innocence to experience themes that Rowlings has been working with since the first book.      If we view the Harry Potter saga as a story about a boy growing up and learning more about himself and the world as he progresses through an educational system, then, like anyone who has graduated from high school or college, we must contend with the question of what this individual will do once he is freed from the helpful constraints of schooling, where the next step forward is always placed right in front of you.  Every schoolchild dreams of the freedom of adulthood, but few actually know what to do with themselves immediately after escaping the bonds of education (tellingly, Hogwarts is absent this time around).  Everyone has his or her moment in the wilderness.  This reading of HP 7.5 is bolstered by the strange, esoteric logic of the quest.  The way that Harry and Hermione stumble from one clue to the next signifies the sometimes directionless nature of adulthood.     What's particularly ingenious about HP 7.5 is that it overlays adult existentialist questions over what is ostensibly a \\"children's film.\\"  It is not, however, the first kid's film of 2010 to do this.  Toy Story 3 similarly grappled with questions of life's purpose and death's eventuality.  What makes these films \\"dark\\" has nothing to do with violence or obscenities (although the trash dump in Toy Story 3 was rather frightening), but rather with their ability to imbue films made for a broad audience with themes that most of us would rather not think about on our day out with the relatives.  There are other family films that are more violent and contain more sexual innuendoes, but these elements just as often make the films more juvenile as they make them more adult (filmmakers and fanboys take note).  HP 7.5 and TS 3 show us that big movies are capable of tackling big questions.    HP 7.5 strides into theaters with the confidence only millions of ready made fans can muster.  It decides, with great effect, to slow the plot down just when most films would be hustling to throw everything they have at the audience.  It also includes a gorgeous animated sequence that incorporates fairy tales into the repertoire of Rowling's collage of influences.  If there is one thing that holds the film back, it is its role as prelude to the big finale.  It is difficult for a film without an ending to fully satisfy, especially when we know that part two is just a few months away.  Of course, when the credits roll on the final Harry Potter film, I reserve the right to adjust my score accordingly.
B003YNFYCO|5.0|The two cds of red and blue are as nescessary as air. Fantastic and all who love music need THESE two albums.
B003VANOFY|1.0|I read a lot of really good reviews on these headphones. Until I received mine and started looking through the logitech forums. There is a really bad echo that happens when i use my mic and it won't go away. There is some really bad static in the headphones when I turn on the surround sound. There are numerous people reporting these same problems and Logitech refuses to acknowledge the issue with even so much as a reply. Don't waste your money on these until Logitech decides to fix them. The same problems were had with the previous model and yet they release a new model and still haven't fixed the previous issue. I'm done buying Logitech at this point. Failure to support your equipment is a horrible way to do business.
030746363X|5.0|I just got my copy and I've seldom seen a book that had more concrete, very specific and yet interesting advice!
030746363X|5.0|Love this book. Having read Tim's first book, I knew I had to get this one as well. The science speaks for itself, and having had a week or so to try out some of the ideas in this book, I'm already seeing results. Absolutely fantastic. I ordered this book from the US (I'm based in the UK) as I could not wait until February. Have now already pre-ordered 3 more for when the paperback is released, so I have a smaller version to take with me when I travel, and as perfect gifts.  Tim, well done, and I look forward to seeing what you get up to next.
1607050072|3.0|Thought this book was cute and great for someone who is interested in children's craft ideas.   Easy instructions and great photos.
030746363X|5.0|Timothy Ferriss crammed so much into this thing that it's going to take me months to really absorb it all. But the basics are easy, well laid-out, and they produce results. If you want to be a part of the movement of people who have control over their bodies, then you should buy this book. Whether you need to lose some fat or gain some muscle, Timothy Ferriss will help you find the most efficient way to do it.
030746363X|5.0|I saw parts of this book posted on gizmodo.com and got really interested in the idea of a \\"balanced\\" diet and the minimum amount of exercise needed to lose wait. I have a full time job and 2 kids and wanted to lose some weight and gain back some fitness. I picked up Tim's booked after I saw some chapters posted online. It's fun to read and it got me thinking and motivated to give it a try.      After one week my wife and I have lost 7 lbs each. Like Tim said, the deit isn't meant to be fun or easy. You have to work at it, but after a few days you do get accustomed to it. We prepare all our meals ahead of time in batches, it makes it easier to just grab it and go.  It's a about planning, you won't get hungry, when it's time to eat just make sure you have the right food handy. Next week I'll start the kettle ball workout. Hope to see the same if not better results with exercise.     I'm giving it 30 days. So far so good. Give it try.
0805209999|4.0|Many critics consider The Trial Kafka's best work. As in other main Kafka writings, life in relation to the demands of the society, is an ordeal. In this novel, K is found guilty and prosecuted by a non existent Court with non existent Judges, within the framework of a not revealed Law and without explaining the nature of his crime, Kafka displays his particulary complex visi&oacute;n of the existence of man in a society he deems totalitarian, how man has to fight all his life against the corruption and oppression of the System. The novel reveals Kafka's own psycho, looks like he has conceived a negative view of life and that he also was extremely paranoid. The Trial has many parables and interpretations, that is why it gets worth reading, it is up to every reader to develop his own conclusions.
0061714372|4.0|Mustaine throws aside the veil of rock superstar and treats readers to an honest, somewhat impassionate retelling of his life so far.  But rather than fall into the trap of trying to shock or thrill his audiences with generalities, which would have been tempting for both the author and his publisher...Mustaine provides a more complex and comlete view of his life, warts and all. For example, the early sections where he discusses his alcoholic father's faults are tempered by the acknowledgment that although his dad was far from perfect, he did the best he could and was in many ways a loving father rather than some stereotypical boozy monster.  While also being understandably negative about the influence of his mother's religious beliefs on his mindset as a child, he acknowledges that despite the inherent stupidity of those beliefs, she was only trying to protect her children and give them a moral compass in life. It's refreshing to see this level of honesty and a man who can provide readers with the complex nature of his experiences, rather than cardboard cutouts of his early years.     The sections about his dumping from Metallica are well written, albeit with a thinly veiled sense of the injustice of it all.  Mustaine is able to admit to himself and his readers that his actions and a general failure to see the end coming led to his sacking, while the endless drug stories are tempered with subtle warnings and the acknowledgement that while he may have had some great times on drugs, ultimately they led to much negativity in his life and cost him several bandmates.     He also raises the obvious question: If Mustaine himself and Megadeth had not been such rampart herion users and drunkards, maybe they could have toppled Metallica from the #1 spot when they had the chance? I'll guess we, and Mustaine himself, will never know.    I would have liked to see more analysis of how he developed his particular guitar playing technique and his approach to songwriting...he barelymentions how he writes songs and almost completely ignores the fact that many of his readers are guitar players who would be very interested in the actual process of his art. Then again, I guess that's what Guitarplayer magazine and the like are for...     So on the whole, Mustaine is a very interesting book that casts aside the thin veil of the metal music industry and sheds a welcome light on the life of a man many consider a musical genious. It's certainly not perfect, but it's very well written with an almost conversational style that has very little pretence or signs of concealment of the many less than impressive moments in the author's life.    Mustaine doesn't condone or glorify his drug excesses...but he doesn't shy away from them either. In fact, he sounds almost embarrassed when retelling the more excessive moments in his drug taking past, like getting caught for speeding only blocks from his house with needles, heroin and other drug paraphenalia in his car. The readers gets the distinct impression that Mustaine's is a cautionary tale as much as a confessional.    He tells it like it is is an unabashed style that is very fluent and easy to read without ever giving the readers the sense they are being talked down to or are reading a dumbed down, ghost written version of the truth.     This is a must-read for any Megadeth or Dave Mustaine fan.
1439152780|5.0|This novel had all of the elements that make a story intriguing to me: secrets, interesting characters, and a plot with a few surprises along the way.  Outstanding read!  I can't wait to read more from Kate Morton.
0451228375|3.0|I was very unhappy with thy copy of Ken Follett's World Without End. The overall size of the book supplied was much smaller than on copies I have seen at any bookstore and because of the reduction in the size of the book, the printed text was substantially reduced.
030746363X|5.0|Every person interested in fitness and diet is, by definition, a self-experimenter.  This book encourages us all to experiment, keep records and find \\"the difference that makes a difference.\\"  Mr. Ferriss presents a number of small changes one can make that along will complement anyone's diet and exercise regimen, or when taken together, can be used as a complete protocol for shedding fat and gaining muscle.
B003JTHXOK|5.0|I love this book! I was unsure if I wanted to read this because people were saying it wasnt one of Sparks' best books. So..for myself I decided to go for it. Glad I did. From the first page to the last, this book kept me wanting more. I love the way the stoy was told. The many versions of Katie. Who she was and what she now wanted. Alex and his kids. The sadness he felt after his loss. The suspense of who Jo really was. The exciting but dangerous Kevin. Overall, this was a book I couldn't put down. Yes it may not be a Dear John or The Notebook type book, but it can still leave you wanting more. You feel the love, the pain, the suspense coming off the pages! Read it if you haven't yet!!
B000002KOO|4.0|It's a bit up and down in some ways. But always good throughout.<br /><br />You forget what the formulative years of the artform of blues rock really produced when you only remember the pop star, cocaine soaked shadow of their former selves.<br /><br />The reality is this: After Jeremy Spencer left (after Kiln House, another great record), the band changed into something else. And when Buckingham and Nicks came onboard, the name was all that remained.<br /><br />Don't get me wrong. I actually liked some of the Buckingham/Nicks Fleetwood Mac material, especially in the first three albums. Classic tunes in their own right. It's just not THE Fleetwood Mac I prefer.<br /><br />This album IS the Fleetwood Mac I prefer. Three studio albums, the Blues Jam In Chicago duet and one really great live trilogy (the Boston Tea Party Sets) and they were no more.<br /><br />Thankfully we have this chronicle of some great music still available.
030746363X|5.0|Tim for Prez.  I say this because Tim brings real HOPE.  HOPE for a better body, less fat, more strength. This is my new bible. Going to send out 3 copies to friends who I know will appreciate and benefit.
B000002OHF|3.0|Something happened here, and we're not entirely sure what.<br /><br />This album should be good. We want it to be good. But it is only fair. Some will say that is because Andy Powell was overly controling. Maybe so. Don't know. Don't care.<br /><br />Okay, we all go through ups and downs, creatively. This is a bit more down than up in that sense. But the performances are still high quality level. But if the songs themselves suffer from 'too soon' completion, which is to say that it might have needed more work, then it doesn't matter how well you play them.<br /><br />Sometimes it just doesn't work.
030746363X|3.0|I found this book very interesting and trying some of the tips. I cannot for the life of me find the bonus material mentioned, that is supposed to be accessed by password on the blog site! Very frustrating, as I do not like to \\"had\\". If it exist then give it to me. Otherwise do not include worthless reference to it, only making people register for blog and still not find it. Cheap marketing ploys lower the rating at this point.
030746363X|5.0|As a certified personal trainer for over 28 years, I am always interested in learning more about fitness, so I was definitely looking forward to reading \\"The Four-Hour Body.\\" Amazing!!! On a day when I had a lot of appts already booked, I still managed to read, highlight and sticker over 100 pages of this book - and reread several of those sections that first day as well.  I always tried the craziest diets my clients brought me (only for about 2 weeks since I weigh 110) to see how my body reacted.  Especially in the early days of my career, there wasn't a lot of info - I just went by what was happening to me and what I knew was best based on my education/training.  Most people lose and then regain, and lose and regain over and over, since those crazy diets don't work. Tim has a solution that does and it is one that doesn't have you giving up your entire life to stay fit. Thank you, Tim. I am recommending this book to everyone!
B00008FRN1|5.0|This has to be one of the best albums I have ever heard. If i had to be a favorite track it would probably have to be the trial. If you pick up this album then pick up the movie by the same name, Pink Floyd: The wall.
0312600844|5.0|Frantzen is a great writer and offers a lot to the thoughtful reader. The book gets off to a rather slow start bit keep going! I liked the book in spite of the fact that the author appears to be a little full of himself. A compelling story with experiences many should be able to identify with.
0307266303|5.0|This is an amazing book--it's hard to put down and stop reading!  It is full of inspiring concepts that helped me to break through some of my mental hang-ups that occur on long distance runs.  I bought a copy for all of my running friends for Christmas and they also love it!
B000G8NXYQ|5.0|The cd of Amarcord which I purchased from Amazon was delivered quickly and the video itself is an excellent presentation of the movie and includes a second informational cd which is also very worthwhile.
B00275EHJG|5.0|I had to rebuy this video as my grandson accidently broke his copy and needed another - fast!  That is exactly how I received it!
030746363X|5.0|So many great and detailed reviews have already been posted, so I'll only add a couple of thoughts explaining why I give it five stars.    1) Tim gives us an entirely new way of looking at the human body and introduces a huge number of tools that we can use for self improvement    2) He focuses on techniques that work for real people and looks for practical solutions instead of useless theories (i.e., he looks for what works instead of why it works)    3) Tim got me excited about my changing my body for the first time in a long time
0817439390|4.0|Short, sweet and to the point: this book goes after one of the most difficult basics in the photography skillset and nails it in a manner that anyone capable of reading a camera owner's manual can grasp. A handful of typographical errors (mostly failure to capitalize state names, of all things) do not distract from the core material, and the conversational delivery brings points across without making the reader feel like the author is talking down to them. The associated sample images and descriptions of how they were produced serve to \\"polish the apple\\".  Well worth the money, and worth more than similar books I've seen at twice (or more) the price.    Why am I not giving it five stars? Those few typos. If the next edition cleans up the copy and maintains the quality of both the writing and the images, I'll give it the extra star.
030746363X|5.0|I absolutely loved every minute of this book - I only read the parts that interested me, as instructed by the introduction, and have started implementing some of these quick and easy changes to lifestyle and diet already. This book is amazing, Tim Ferriss is awesome - READ IT, and then DO IT!!
B003P9VZ0W|5.0|Bought these for our grandaughters room, put them up right away. They are beautiful, and they are movable. So easy, wish I'd thought of it!
B0017SWPXY|4.0|The neat thing about this story is the fact that it is told by \\"Enzo\\" the dog.  It is very touching and sentimental to read from the dog's perspective and I thought the author did a great job of personifying this almost human dog.  At times I cried and was truly touched by the dog's story and perspective.  It was very well written and I had to keep reminding mtself that the dog was narrating!  For those that love their dogs and have experienced the close bond that often develops between master and dog, you will love to read this creative story that gives voice to \\"man's best friend\\". There is a lot of narrative about car racing; which I have no interest in but it was written in a way that was interesting and acceptable for the reader to bear.  This is a quick, satisfying read that will leave you wondering what your dog would say if he/she could talk!
B002ZG98CS|4.0|Machete is the byproduct of a trailer shown with Grindhouse, the Tarantino/Rodriguez homage to exploitation cinema.   But while the Grindhouse pairing almost tried too hard in mixing original storyline with its homage, Machete revels in exploitation film conventions.  The result is a mix of over the top action, ridiculous violence, and gratuitous sex and nudity.  It makes no attempt to be deep, even though it has some biting satire towards immigration policy.  The film is ridiculous fun.      The film's greatest asset is Rodriguez's slight of hand film making.  This film was made for 10 million, and while it has an intentional cheap feel, some of the actions scenes could have easily being pulled from a 100 million dollar blockbuster.  The action is very funny and very stylized.  An early use of interesting props in a hospital is the tip of the iceberg for me.    The characters are equally fun.  Machete is a typical action here whose actions speak much louder than his words.  Danny Trejo is a perfect fit for this role, as he looks cold and serious, but is able to deliever the over the top action and such fun lines as \\"Machete don't text\\" without cracking a smile.  The supporting cast is equally impressive, particularly Robert De Niro, a proponent of immigration form who takes his disdain for immigrants to new highs.  De Niro plays a very stereotypical white politician with a slight southern accent.  De Niro's performance has a perfect subtle charm to it and as goofy as this movie can be, is probably one of the better roles he's had in a while.    The story is not important and is actually the weakness of the movie.  It involves Machete being set up to look like he wanted to murder De Niro's character.  But as characters flood the movie, the story gets a little muddlded.   This never stops it from being fun, but can make the film a little more busy than it needs to be.      Don't go in expecting something deep and appreciate the film for what it is and you will enjoyit.  Flawed, yes, but this as fun a Robert Rodriguez movie as you can hope for.
B003102JDM|5.0|I personally loved this movie. The characters and dialogue were very funny, and I though about the ending for days. However, I can see why many people didn't like the movie. If you aren't jewish, or haven't been exposed to the jewish culture, a lot of the jokes and references won't be understood. The movie also is extremely open ended and obviously metaphorical but gives few answers to what these metaphors mean. Just like the fire at the end of Barton Fink, I have no clue what the Coen brothers are trying to convey. If you liked Fargo, Barton Fink or The Man Who Wasn't There this movie is definitely worth checking out. You may, like many of the reviewers, end up feeling a sense of dissatisfaction with the humor and the insights into Jewish ideals.
030746363X|5.0|53 year old woman, good shape, vegetarian, always striving for better, and love this book. I'm able to keep to my vegetarianism, and the first week I lost 3 lbs and literally without hunger. I'm reading it on my Ipad. Thank you Tim!
B000001DV2|5.0|This is one of my favorite Def Leppard cds by far.  It has several good songs and it also includes my favorite Def Leppard song which is \\"Stand Up Kick Love Into Motion.\\"  Great retro cd to just sit back and enjoy that unmistakeable Def Leppard sound!
030746363X|5.0|Since October, 2010 I have followed Tim's diet instructions and had lost 75 pounds.  It is the easiest and quickest way I have ever found to reshape my body.  Unfortunately I hit a 3 month weight loss plateau to end the year and was excited to read The Four Hour Body in order to correct anything I had been doing wrong and facilitate the loss of more weight.  Well, with the info in The Four Hour Body, I was able to make the proper changes and have lost 6 pounds since Dec 28 (date of writing this review: Jan 9).      Simply put, it works.
030746363X|5.0|Some of the ideas in this book I already knew, some I didn't. But the most important caracteristic for me about the book is that it changes your spirit into that of a scientist, I already knew what I needed to do to lose weight, but had no real incentives, after reading the book,  I just started doing it to see if it worked, trying different combinations, registering everything to learn how my body works, my motive became the process of discovering the how and why of things, and in the process you get a body, and much more..
B0046B1KHG|3.0|I didn't come in to watching this film with super high expectations. I anticipated it would be a little thin on plot and it was, but it was entertaining none the less. Proved to be a good film to watch with the whole family. Provided enough laughs for a good time. Don't think that I would shell out to own this one but worth a rental if you are just looking for a family fun film.
030746363X|5.0|This book is chocked full of great ideas and proven methoeds to change and improve your body and way of life. The author goes into great detail and doesn't leave you needing to purchase another book for the \\"secret formula\\" to weight loss sucess. I've enjoyed this book very much. Thank you Tim!!
B0013K1ALE|5.0|Excellent, exactly like my old tape only better!  Sounds great and I love the menu so I got directly to whatever song I want to hear at the time!  This was so reasonably priced too!
B00003CXC6|2.0|Okay, it's an interesting point that people who experience or witness a crime (or any life experience) can have different points of view, and that their perspectives on truth can be relative.  Perhaps that was a shocking consideration in 1950.  Nowadays, erg, it seems trivial.  Add to that that the acting was often silly and overdone in a big way (seemed more like Kabuki than film), the silent film-esque sort of vibe got tedious, and the music grated on me after a certain point.<br /><br />All that said, perhaps this film was a mind-blower sixty years ago, but I can't help but think that the Wizard of Oz seems a hundred times more modern than this and came out 11 years earlier.
B003ZTQN1I|5.0|I rarely buy soundtracks. I bought the [[ASIN:B0046CUJJA The Chronicles of Narnia: The Voyage of the Dawn Treader]] soundtrack because the score was amazing (as are each of the Narnia sountracks), but usually, I am uninterested in the scores of movies ([[ASIN:B003ODL004 Inception]] being another exception), and pop soundtracks are usually uninteresting pop music with only a few good songs.    But \\"Country Strong\\" is the kind of soundtrack that is great. It hits all the right notes (for lack of a better pun). And what makes it work is that, if you like the movie, you'll clearly like the music, since it's what the movie is about. In a sense, it really is a \\"soundtrack\\" to the movie, as it isn't just music that was placed into the background of a movie. Again, the music is what the movie is about. Which is why it works so well.    The actors and actresses chosen for the roles (Paltrow, Hedlund and Meester) are all spectacular singers in the movie (and thus on the soundtrack), and for that reason, it makes \\"Country Strong\\" a great addition to any country music collection.    Some of the songs are done by big name artists, rather than the movie performers, but the songs are still great.     It was really cool to hear Meester do \\"Words I Couldn't Say,\\" one of my favorite Rascal Flatts' album cuts. Paltrow is brilliant on both the title track and \\"Coming Home\\" (which is nominated for a Golden Globe for Best Original Song) and does a great duet with Tim McGraw (her co-star) on \\"Me And Tennessee.\\" Hedlund makes his soundtrack appearance with \\"Chances Are,\\" another great number.    Even if you haven't seen the movie, give the CD a listen. It may entice you to go see the movie.
0451205766|4.0|The Godfather is one of my favorite books of all-time.  I don't know how many times I've read it over the past two decades, so much so that its masterfully crafted plot, its nuanced psychological insights, and its sharp, poignant, flesh-and-blood characters are etched into my head.<br /><br />But this family is quite a bit sicker than even Mario Puzo realizes, despite his not-entirely-idealized portrayal of them.  I feel he was seduced by his own characters, overawed by their relationships, their perspectives, and their quest to retain and expand their power at all costs, to the point that Puzo glorified them.  Oddly, this is what makes the book both brilliant and beloved -- he wrote it from his unconscious, as opposed to some of his later (and earlier) books, which read as clumsy and wooden and cheesy and boring.  This book is none of those.  It really is brilliant.<br /><br />But that glorification is also The Godfather's big weakness.  Puzo, via his characters, doesn't do a good-enough job showing the downside of the Corleones' philosophy and way of life: just how rotten and destructive and off-track it really is.  To me the point of life is not to gain power in the outer world, but to heal our traumas within.  I know this risks sounding silly in the context of a book review on The Godfather, but that, to me, ultimately, is the book's main flaw.  Its philosophy is all wrong, and taken to the extreme.  Interestingly, sometimes characters in the book even hint at agreeing with me, but, mostly not.<br /><br />So, quickly, a few more weaknesses:<br /><br />1) Overdone sex stuff.  Okay, let's say the sex stuff in Hollywood in the 40s and 50s was realistic, but still -- Puzo, in my opinion, overdid it, put an extra-perverse spin on it that wasn't necessary.  It really leads one to question what was going on in his head.<br /><br />2) The Hollywood parts were perhaps the only part for me that grew dull at times, and this wasn't just because of the overdone sex.  It simply just was not as gripping as the rest of the book.<br /><br />3) This is a trivial weakness, but my god, there must have been five hundred run-on sentences in the prose!<br /><br />4) I found it to be a silly rationalization when Michael Corleone tells his wife that the Don was a great, caring, respectful father.  Yet Puzo presents it as fact.  The Don's primary mission in life was not to be a great father, and if that had been his mission, then he failed roundly:  one son murdered, Fredo psychologically destroyed, Connie widowed and broken, and Michael transformed into a secretive sort of power-hungry sociopath.<br /><br />5) No mention is made, not a single word, of the people who are innocent victims in the Don's crimes.  What of all the innocent bystanders who were presumably traumatized by witnessing various of his brutal acts?  What of the children of the murdered?<br /><br />6) If Puzo had been more clear on the Corleones' insanity he would have shined more light on the fact that the Family leaders really didn't do all they could to break away from their lives of crime and become legitimate.  In a sense he presented them as trapped, people, right up to the top of the hierarchy, who couldn't give up their Mafia roles.  I didn't buy it.  I think they could have put more energy into becoming better, healthier, less exploitative human beings, but the fact is, they loved the crime and insanity of this world, and at some unconscious level so did Puzo.of the book.    3) This is a trivial weakness, but my god, there must have been five hundred run-on sentences in the prose!    4) I found it to be a silly rationalization when Michael Corleone tells his wife that the Don was a great, caring, respectful father.  Yet Puzo presents it as fact.  The Don's primary mission in life was not to be a great father, and if that had been his mission, then he failed roundly:  one son murdered, Fredo psychologically destroyed, Connie widowed and broken, and Michael transformed into a secretive sort of power-hungry sociopath.    5) No mention is made, not a single word, of the people who are innocent victims in the Don's crimes.  What of all the innocent bystanders who were presumably traumatized by witnessing various of his brutal acts?  What of the children of the murdered?    6) If Puzo had been more clear on the Corleones' insanity he would have shined more light on the fact that the Family leaders really didn't do all they could to break away from their lives of crime and become legitimate.  In a sense he presented them as trapped, people, right up to the top of the hierarchy, who couldn't give up their Mafia roles.  I didn't buy it.  I think they could have put more energy into becoming better, healthier, less exploitative human beings, but the fact is, they loved the crime and insanity of this world, and at some unconscious level so did Puzo.
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|Lots of action, even more risk-taking than usual for Jack.  I'm hoping for  \\"24: The Movie\\" to come out sometime!!!
1933492953|5.0|If your'e interested in pursuing a career in comics, you NEED this book. Everything you'll ever need to know about really engaging the reader is in here! The author really explores how every last element can impact how your story comes across and how to get the most out of every panel. He touches on topics i never would have thought to consider prior to reading. You'll even find yourself wanting to know what happens to the characters in his examples. And it doesn't hurt that this guy is a killer artist either.
030746363X|5.0|Tim has figured it out. Great book, have been on the diet for a week and it is working great! Great read and plan!
0736092269|5.0|This book is very detailed and useful.  It shows the anatomy of the body from each workout that is performed.  It also shows potential injury's that can occur from certain workouts.  If you want a book that shows great exercises, then this book is for you.
B003GEDLW6|5.0|The product came reasonably fast and was in perfect shape! Couldn't argue with such a cheap price. Best Deals on CDs around!
1416594795|5.0|One can hardly add anything substantive to the 20 review excerpts provided in the opening pages of Richard Dawkins' bestseller The Greatest Show on Earth: The Evidence for Evolution (Free Press, 2010), but the urge to add one's voice to those of recognized critical authorities is overwhelming.    Couched in straightforward language, refreshing in its informality and easily understood, Dawkins' exquisitely thorough examination of incontrovertible evidence for the role of evolution in everything from E. coli currently to the entire range of living organisms on our planet, past and present, should be required reading for every man, woman and child in America. That there still remain in the Twenty-first Century, in the face of a rapidly growing compendium of genetic information that finally clinches what Charles Darwin could only detect with the naked eye, people who cling to outmoded myth for an explanation of forces that propelled drastic changes in the directions taken by all biological phyla over eons is not a mystery, but it is a tragedy.         Fundamentalist groups (including those from all three major religions: Judaism, Christianity and Islam) base much of their anti-evolution arguments on so gross a distortion of what the process actually involves that we have, for example, a supposedly well-educated college graduate offering this gem in my hearing to her daughter as disproof of Darwin's \\"theory\\":  \\"Did you ever see a dog turn into a cat?\\" Anyone who thinks that is what would be required to establish the truth of evolution is either 1) hopelessly ignorant or nave or both or 2) deliberately dishonest in the interest of perpetuating a monstrous outmoded lie to protect other indefensible fallacies embedded within their belief systems.    The Greatest Show on Earth preserves the sense of awe that all should accord the history of Life while finally pulling together all the disparate pieces that go into the incredible totality of the wonder it inspires.
B001N1DPDE|4.0|Received this knife as a gift. It is very robust and should last a lifetime with minimal maintenance. The only issue I have is the sheath. It requires a fair amount of strength to remove the knife from the sheath. This may improve with time but for now It is very difficult to remove. The other issue is noise. If your planning any covert operations with this knife , you will need a different sheath. I plan on keeping it in my room for those things that go bump in the night but removing it from the sheath will not only alert any intruders but probably wake the neighbors too. Aftermarket sheaths for this knife are few and far between and are expensive. So your buying another sheath that costs as much as or more than your original purchase. The belt loop is huge which does not allow single handed removal of the knife. At least not for me. It is however a handsom sheath.
B002BSHXJA|5.0|I purchasedtwo sets of this particular item, one for each of my grandchildren,they said that the sound was spectacular.Having grown up in The Sixties,I have to agree with them.The price of the items was fair,the quality was very good, but the faces of my grandchildren on Christmas Day was priceless. Thank You.                                              Paul Ferzan
B00005JMJG|2.0|The DVD transfer is good with no flaws.    I spent the first hour of this film trying to turn it off.  I did finish the film and decided that if you are patient, sit still for the whole film and ignore the plot failures there is some reward.  However, plot failures do exist and the biggest one is the absence of the motivation needed for Joel(Jim Carrey) to fight the memory erasing process he has volunteered for. You see, Joel has received a note telling him that his girlfriend, Clementine(Kate Winslet) has had his part of her memory erased.  So, Joel decides to erase Clementine from his memory.  Make sense?  Sort of. Most of the film are clips of Joel clinging to rapidly disappearing memories.  However, none of the memories justified themselves as something I would want to keep, just some stoner's fractured view of life and love.     To make this film work the way so many reviewers have painted it, Kaufman(writer) and Gondry(director/writer) should have given us a least a part of the relationship to cling to.  The viewer must have some sympathy for the loss else the loss is nothing and this is where the filmakers leave us.    I'm all for post-modernism but I'm also a film addict and historian.  I can tell you this is not a romantic comedy at all but, rather, a self-indulgent film that gets lost before it gets started. The filmakers are much more concerned with method than substance.  However, it takes these efforts, short of definition as this one is, to help define the movement by telling us this is not the direction we need to go.  Rent if first before you buy.  You might just love it, many do but, then again, many of us would rather have spent the money on something else.
B003TSEL7S|5.0|This is a must read for all Percy Jackson fans. Rick has done a good job creating his masterpiece. I can not wait until book 2 (The Son of Neptune) comes out.
030746363X|5.0|I devoured this book (low-carb, heh) and loved the practical advice on dropping that evil last 10 pounds.  I've been on the fat loss regimen for 2 weeks now, and am down seven pounds, and I wasn't really overweight to begin with, just heavier than I wanted to be.      I didn't really care about \\"becoming superhuman,\\" and found the sex part mildly amusing, but Tim writes so well that even if you're not really stoked about the topic, you still can't put it down. Loved it!
030746363X|5.0|This book is amazingly witty and hilarious. Even if you don't have goals for your body it is fun to read the stories, insights, and fun facts provided.
030746363X|5.0|At Tim's suggestion, I've made some changes to my diet and my bedtime routine. I'm definitely losing fat (I've dropped ten pounds so far) and sleeping better at night. I've found this book to be full of information that is not only great, but ACTIONABLE. And DON'T DO THE WHOLE BOOK AT ONCE! Like Tim says, just focus on a couple things to begin with.
B00436GNVC|1.0|Anybody get a ear ache after listening to this crap? I mean mousy squeeky irritating garbage.Teen dribble that will keep most girls from growing up.Mothers if you bought this for your daughters.....shame on you! I could never imagine sitting there at her show...i would purposely get arrested because a night in jail would be paradise than screaming from torture!
030746363X|5.0|Ages ago I had a professor that forced us to condense some big topics to 250 words or less.  I had mixed results but the piece got right to the point.  In that same attitude, here are my 250 words about this bastard of a book:    Consider the criticisms.  There are a lot of them.  Consider who the criticisms are from.  Now consider what they say.  Ignore the ones who say \\"I'm no expert but... Tim is wrong\\".  By their own logic their opinion is no more valid than Tim's    Many say there is nothing new in the book, that it only puts it all in one place.  Isn't the convenience worth it?  I've tried googling for hours to learn about a topic, I'd rather spend $20.  Also check his blog first before buying,  much of it is freely available there.    Many say he only experimented on himself.  In the book, he says he tried it on himself, if it worked he passed it to approx. 200 others to try.  If it worked for them, it got into the book as a recommendation.  These opinions are misinformed.    Many say it doesn't live up to the hype.  It doesn't, but I've never known any of this info, I still found it invaluable.    I'm been using the recommended diet.  It works.  I'm losing fat already and thats a win for me-the workout trials  start next week.  It's filled with info and interesting ideas.  If you're really skeptical, go to the book store and look through it yourself (or use the \\"see inside this book\\" widget).  If 4 of the chapters seem interesting, buy it.  It's worth it and likely all works.  In any case, it seems to be a good introduction to the subjects it covers.
030746363X|5.0|My husband and I just read this book and are rereading it now... I was down 8.2 pound the first week... I worked out 3 times (which is great since I HATE working out). This has NEVER happened to me before... NEVER. The meal plan left me very satisfied and after the first 2 days of a killer sugar withdrawal my cravings just went away. Today is my first cheat day and I don't even feel like eating the foods I thought I couldn't live without before. My husband HATES veggies and I am not exaggerating when I say he has eaten more this week than in the last 10 years of our marriage... something I have never been able to accomplish! Thanks Tim!!
B001IF252M|5.0|I have been using this for a couple of days now and have had no problems. Works great. I'm using my MacBook Pro with Windows 7 to connect to my Dynex 32\\" LCD screen.
B002ZG98C8|4.0|This is a nifty B movie with an amazing cast, but the shortage of extras on the DVD might merit waiting until a better edition is released at some point in the future.<br /><br />NO director's commentary... NO making of featurette.  Just an actual audience response soundtrack option and a few deleted scenes running less than ten minutes.<br /><br />Machete may not text, but he sure deserves better than this bargain-bin release.  Of course, the DVD is from Fox, so why would anyone expect anything better from a Rupert Murdoch company?<br /><br />I hope Robert Rodriguez of all people finds a better distributor for his films in the future...
630463949X|1.0|This is NOT a concert!  It is a movie made with the intention of making you think it's a concert.  I can't help wondering how many takes of each song they did in order to put this thing toghether, and how many times they stopped in order to fix hair and make up.  \\"CUT! ---Mick, don't forget to do that thing with your eyes this time\\"  \\"CUT! -- Christine, I know this is the fifth take for this song, but on the next take is it possible for you to look a little less bored?\\"    I wished I would have read the back of the DVD closer before I bought it.  \\"Filmed in front of a live audience at Warner Bros. Studio, Burbank, CA\\" might have made me suspicious.  Very low energy on the DVD.
030746363X|5.0|I think the best thing I got from this book is the notion of measuring everything, and to start with anything. If you don't wherever you're improving or not, how do you know if what you're doing works? Highly recommended.
0553382179|5.0|Flylady has changed my life.  If you follow her routines your home will be clean, your car will be clean, your purse will be clean, your checkbook will be balanced, you will feel in control of your life.  But better than all those things are the way her methods change your attitude towards life.  I no longer feel like a slave to my home and family.  I \\"bless\\" my home and family by getting off my frannie (flylady's word for butt) I bless myself as well.  Get it read it you will not regret it.  FLY...stands for Finally Loving Yourself and I finally do!  This stuff is available online at flylady.com but come on you will not make it through all those webpages and feel like you get the system, I knew that I needed the book and was so so so thankful I made the purchase.  Good luck to you, I hope you make the choice to bless your home, family, and yourself.
030746363X|5.0|This book is fun and interesting. Pick and choose or leave what you want from it.  Tim Ferris dares to take you on a experimental journey that is about your body.  I recommend it to anyone who is a health enthusiast.  Thank you Mr. Ferris for being our guinea pig!
030746363X|4.0|Most of this book is really amazing. The diet parts, the kettlebell parts, and the chapter on running were by far my favorites. Everything else in the book didn't really interest me that much. All in all, Tim does a great job attacking the institutional thought of diet and exercise and tearing it down. Those who have prescribed to his principles and are seeing drastic results are the proof behind the theories. Great book!
B002JVWR4A|5.0|THE BOOKS THAT THE \\"BONES\\" TELEVISION SERIES IS MODELED AFTER IS A TERRIFIC SERIES FOR THOSE WHO LIKE FORENSIC PATHOLOGY, HUMOR, MYSTERY AND INTERPERSONAL RELATIONSHIPS.
B00003CX9E|4.0|The movie is one of the best cinematographic works ever.  Many of today's editing techniques were derived from this film.  The story is great, being complex but easy enough to keep up with.  If you consider yourself a movie buff, this is one title to have in your collection.
B0035J6TAI|4.0|This album is different in many ways from the others released by Peter Gabriel. Yet, I found myself weeping during three selections because of the power of the lyrics, orchestration, and Gabriel's extremely vulnerable voice. The use of the orchestra in these selections provided emotional depth to the works as the strings, piano, woodwinds, and horns are used for emotional structure to carry the unique lyrics. Yet, Gabriel's vocals remain the central armature since he obviously wanted each word of each lyric to be comprehended, thus the orchestra never overpowers. The use of the orchestra is actually minimal at times and then joins the vocal to work to a crescendo.  The album is a cover album but the selections are full of songs with on-the-edge unique metaphors. Because the lyrics are almost central to this conceptual album, I found that it took several plays to fully grasp the musical structure of each piece. These interpretations offer a second look at these songs. Listening Wind by Talking Heads is outstanding in the original, but somehow Gabriel's interpretation caused me to weep. This was also true for The Power of the Heart by Lou Reed. One delightful and sincere work was Gabriel's interpretation of The Book of Love by The Magnetic Fields. Other selections seem apocalyptic and grave, such as the grand My Body is a Cage by Arcade Fire and the most orchestrated piece, Aprs Moi by Regina Spektor. I played this CD first with my partner and he absolutely hated it, so I am certain there will be some negative reactions. However, I found it to have at least 6 unique and insightful re-interpretations that somehow touched me with their vulnerability.
030746363X|5.0|You can learn a lot from someone who is willing to self-experiment like Tim Ferriss. Read the couple hundred pages that apply to you and I'm sure any unbiased person will enjoy it ; )
0545123275|5.0|[...]<br /><br />Shiver is a beautiful poetic story about of love. As clich&eacute;d as that sounds, there is no denying that the emotions of the young adult in this novel was just that. Hearing that this book was about werewolves made me avoid it. I believed it would just be another paranormal novel on \\"love\\" which was really just lust. There were so many beautiful moments that had nothing to do with the supernatural aspect of the story. I never expected to fall in love with this book, but it captivated me to the very last page.<br /><br />I really enjoyed the back and forth narrative between Grace and Sam. It felt like an elderly couple, sharing the story of how they met. Lately, I have been disappointed with the romance side of novels. There was never enough action. I never understood where the love came from.<br /><br />I know many people feel Twilight is not well written and its cheesy, but that happens to be one of my favorite books. The funny thing is, is that there really isn't that much action and the love was almost instantaneous between Bella and Edward. However, just like Shiver, you cannot deny their love. That was not the only similarity between Twilight. Both males leads where chaste, while both female leads where more scared of losing their partner's love than the physical danger in being with them.<br /><br />But Shiver had something Twilight did not. Inside the romantic story of Grace and Sam was an emotional and gripping tale of Sam's past. I don't think any author has created a paranormal love interest that is so well developed as a person outside their supernatural side. Sam could be that cute emo guy across the street - I'm definitely looking at him differently now - or that cute guy in your music class with sad eyes. He just felt so normal to me.<br /><br />I don't think I could say enough good things about this book. I thoroughly enjoyed it. Even the poetry -which I usually do not understand- was woven in perfectly. No wonder so many people have called Shiver lyrical. Will definitely be starting Linger ASAP! Watch out Twilight, Shiver might just beat you out.<br /><br />Similar Titles:<br /><br />  * Twilight by Stephenie Meyer<br />  * Blood and Chocolate by Anette Curtis Klause<br /><br />Memorable Quotes:<br /><br />  \\"I sat there silently,  hiding behind my book, knowing that she needed words from me -- words I wasn't willing to give. I wasn't sure which of us was being more selfish -- her, for wanting more that no one could promise, or me, for not promising her something that was too painfully impossible to want.\\" -Sam<br /><br />  \\"Humans disappeared. Humans made monsters out of us.\\" -Sam<br /><br />  \\"I wondered if he realized  that the way he looked at me was far more intimate than copping a feel could ever be.\\" -Grace<br /><br />Ratings:<br />Overall: 10/10<br />Plot: 10/10<br />Writing Style: 10/10<br />Uniqueness: 8/10starting Linger ASAP! Watch out Twilight, Shiver might just beat you out.    Similar Titles:        * Twilight by Stephenie Meyer      * Blood and Chocolate by Anette Curtis Klause    Memorable Quotes:        \\"I sat there silently,  hiding behind my book, knowing that she needed words from me -- words I wasn't willing to give. I wasn't sure which of us was being more selfish -- her, for wanting more that no one could promise, or me, for not promising her something that was too painfully impossible to want.\\" -Sam        \\"Humans disappeared. Humans made monsters out of us.\\" -Sam        \\"I wondered if he realized  that the way he looked at me was far more intimate than copping a feel could ever be.\\" -Grace    Ratings:  Overall: 10/10  Plot: 10/10  Writing Style: 10/10  Uniqueness: 8/10
B003UESJ9M|3.0|I went into this movie, feeling like I'd already seen it from the previews and for the most part that was true. There were missing pieces and one shocking ending, but mostly true.<br /><br />I found it hard to like the characters save one and that was Chiles who was just so innocent. You felt pity for Kelly who I felt like in some way knew she wasn't ready but despite the title, she wasn't strong enough to make anyone listen. Beau is too busy being completely in love with her and James is too focused on trying to save what is left of her career and forget the past. To be completely honest, I think Beau was the character that I disliked the most and I can't exactly pinpoint why. I love Garrett Hedlund and I think he plays the part well, but something about his character rubbed me the wrong way. He's a jerk half the time to Chiles, only really nice to her when he's drunk. Then there is this constant pull you feel between him and Chiles while he's supposed to be having his affair with Kelly. He'll look at Chiles with the same puppy dog look of affection in his eyes that he looks at Kelly with. Now it's possible he can love them both but for different reasons. Perhaps he was initially attracted to Kelly because of who she was and all that she had accomplished and later it grew into a kind of protective, brotherly love. But with Chiles, maybe she just makes him feel alive and he likes how it feels not to have to constantly worry about what she's doing. But that's me just trying to make it sound okay in my head. But from where I'm standing, he's just as lost as everyone else with just as many issues. Hm, maybe that's the point. But there's just something about him that just...I don't know. He's that guy who can have something really good going for him and he'll mess it up on purpose, content to live in his self-created misery.<br /><br />The ending...oh the ending. A previous reviewer called Kelly weak and I'm not sure I can agree with that statement. Every thing she did that night was planned. From her advice to what song she chose to sing last. Does it make her weak to want that? (It's hard trying to not give anything away). I've never been in that place where that character had to be so when it came down to it, I may not be /strong/ enough to do what she did. And never having been in that place, I can't even begin to imagine what her mental state was like. It took a lot of guts, in my opinion. Everyone one else were the weak ones because despite how much they all loved Kelly, they weren't strong enough to give her the strength she needed to make a different choice.<br /><br />Her husband's motives are somewhat clear and somewhat cloudy. Sometimes you get the impression that he wants to get things back to the way they were so that he may distance himself from being her husband and solely be her manager. Sometimes it seems that he wants to save her reputation--he knows that she's not going to really come back, but he doesn't want her fans to remember her for the tragedy that had happened the previous year. He's torn between caring for her and trying to make things right for her professionally. In the end, I think that their relationship is too broken and that there's no way they could ever get back to how they were when they first fell in love. And he knows that too, which is why he focuses too much on her career.<br /><br />Did I enjoy this movie? I'm not really sure. Overall, I felt like relationships (like Beau and Chiles) are so underdeveloped that the fact that it even exists in the film is an afterthought. For it to have been two hours long, I feel like they missed the mark on some things like that and spent too much time on other things. Beau and Chiles didn't have to have a relationship at all and the movie would have carried just the same without it--things like that.<br /><br />I will probably buy this one just for Garrett Hedlund and the beautiful music. To watch the cast be on the stage and the light sparkling in theireyes, that's something right there. It makes you want to stand up and sing along at the top of your lungs and go out and buy a guitar, even if you have no idea how to play it.It makes you want to stand up and sing along at the top of your lungs and go out and buy a guitar, even if you have no idea how to play it.
B003X2O6KW|3.0|I really enjoyed this cd except for \\"The Blame Game\\" where Chris Rock goes on a cringe inducing tirade that reaches the pinnacle of female objectification. Why Kanye West felt compelled to include such vile language is beyond me and completely unnecessary. Even if he felt the need to include it, why at such length, when a person is sure to get the point after the first 30 seconds of Rock's commentary. Listening to it, I was embarrassed for myself and for him.
0312600844|5.0|Franzen is an amazingly good writer, storyteller, and thinker, and Freedom is simply one of the best novels I have ever read. The story hooked me, the ideas fascinated me, and the social criticism inspired me. I have read novels that I've admired but didn't really like, but this isn't one of them. It is a great, generous, deeply imagined story that's sad, funny, wise, and humane.<br /><br />How we respond to an author's voice and his story is mysterious. That's just the way it is. So the righteous rage and constipated dislike that often are directed at Franzen, represented here by many mean one-star reviews, is a strange and puzzling phenomenon.<br /><br />But I plan to read every word he's ever written, because he's a great writer who speaks to me on many levels. I missed The Corrections, so I have that to look forward to, but I've just inhaled The Discomfort Zone, his memoir, almost as avidly as I did Freedom.
0553582038|1.0|Now that I am 4,000 pages into this series, I feel like the author is failing on his side of the bargain.    This book avoided most of the big, really pressing questions left as cliffhangers in Book 3.    We also spend a ton of time on new characters that the fist half of the book I didn't care about and the second half dropping more last page cliffhangers on us.    So the whole set of characters are now in their own cliffhangers.  Which on its own is kind of brutal, very little interim resolution, but I could live with it if the author showed some motivation to move it forward.    HBO series or no, I am done with this series.  He lost me.  I wish I had picked a different series to read.
B00428CPUY|5.0|I'm a fan of most of the people who played at Eric Clapton's 2010 CrossRoads festival. I'm grateful that he puts this concert together. I've enjoyed watching the concert over and over. Look forward to this concert year after year. Great price on the DVD, and it was delivered in a timely fashion.
B000PMLFRA|3.0|Those of you hoping for a Blu-Ray release of the untouched original versions can save your strength. Lucas hates those versions and wants the world to forget they ever existed. We're lucky that he finally, after years of pleading from fans, released the non-anamorphic DVDs of the original versions. We won't be getting anything else.     I'm sure he's fixed it so that they can't ever be released even after he's gone. I heard once that he destroyed the original negatives to make the SEs and that wouldn't surprise me.    My advice would be to track down and buy the DVDs, laserdiscs, or even the old VHS tapes of the original versions and keep them in good shape.
1439152780|2.0|I am sorry but a book should not take 200 pages to get into.  I was done with it at 100.  I loved the book The Forgotten Garden but have to agree with some of the reviewers that Kate needs to move along in her writing.  I tried to read The House at Riverton after Forgotten Garden and put it down too ---- it just seemed a bit too repetitive of what I had just read.  This Distant Hours though was just a snore.  Kudos to those who got through it!  As I said, an author should not make you labor to get to the meat of a story---sorry Kate.
B002RVZV9K|5.0|Anyone who loves music should see this. From the opening scene where Jack builds a guitar to Jimmy Page (the best!) and his smooth as silk movements to The Edge and his passion for a better world. See it. Buy it. Pass it on.
B00003CXBK|5.0|This movie is fantastic like all of the studio ghibli work. It is very memorable and the details are wonderful
0385738757|5.0|I loved this book!  Even more so than the first.  Packed with just as much action and adventure as The Maze Runner, the sequel does not disappoint!  Some questions are answered but more are asked.  I'm excited to finish the series and see just what is really going on.  There is so much character development compared to the first book and I was really pleased with that.  So many young adult series just take the same characters and place them in different situations.  They never learn from mistakes or are haunted by things they did or didn't do.  Reading the Scorch Trials I can feel a sense of desperation in these kids, feel their hunger and unease.  Who can they trust?  The answer is not clear.  I highly recommend this series, but be warned - the next book is not out yet!
B00005JLEU|5.0|This is an excellent film that sweeps you away into a land of spirits and immerses the viewer with rich visuals. A coming of age story true to studio ghbili's style this is not one to miss.
1595141979|5.0|This book is more emotionally charged than Frostbite.  Just when it seems like things are back to normal, and Rose and Dimitri can finally be together, albeit in secret, the school is attacked.  Some are killed, some are missing.  I love the portrayal of the fight scenes, how Rose and Christian work together.  All of the characters have grown up a little bit, and are starting to think about what happens after life at the Academy.  I saw a lot of character changes in Rose, all for the better.  She is more mature in regards to her feelings for Dimitri, and is growing a little bit apart from Lissa.  She is becoming her own person and starting to think about what she wants in life - maybe it's not all about protecting Lissa.  I feel that Shadow Kiss sort of changes the series, because now Rose has made a decision that will change her career and her future.  I won't reveal exactly what it is, but make sure you have Blood Promise ready because you will want to keep reading!  I highly recommend this series for both teens and adults!
B0044IJ1S6|4.0|The song selection, image and extras are ok.  But The sound could be better, it's not good for a Depeche Mode  Concert.  The direction was ok, but i preffer the Cobijin direction.
0385737955|5.0|The question I get asked most as work is for a young-adult book recommendation for boys.  Having read The Maze Runner I can definitely say it's my top pick!  It had so much action and adventure I could hardly put it down.  Of course there are going to be unanswered questions in a trilogy, and the ending did leave me wanting more - luckily the second book is out.  I was intrigued by the mystery of it all - why are they trapped in the maze?  Is there a way out?  Why is there only one girl? What's up with the telepathic thoughts?  I was not at all disappointed by the answers to these questions, even if the truth is not yet perfectly clear.  If you love to read science fiction or dystopian adventure stories - pick up this series!
030746363X|5.0|I preordered this book for my NOOK (what's a kindle?).  Devoured it over the holidays and set my sights on the year ahead.  After Tim's first book the second one is never as good, but as usual with Tim he rocks the house with this book and took it up another notch.  I have been on the program for one week.  10 lbs lost...started the 4 horseman regime this week to see what that does to help blood pressure and overall physical feeling.   If you are tired of all the medical crap out there and ready to try something Holistic and just plain common sense it is time to give this program a shot.  Tim is direct with his research and his positions.  New York Time review beat him up, pissed me off, because it is exactly the same crap that is making 63% of american overweight and undersexed.  Thanks Tim!  Cheers!
B002UXRGM0|5.0|I'm so grateful I purchased this series.  The photography, narration and total dedication to production this story of \\"Life\\" is beyond expectations.  I also own \\"Planet Earth\\" so I expected nothing less than the quality that is in this series.  Thank you, thank you!
B004EI3ON4|5.0|I was a little skeptical of this album at first since it didn't seem to sound anything like other Daft Punk's stuff.  the use of the Lodon orchestra really threw me off. Later I saw the movie, loved it and then came back to this soundtrack, and I can honestly that is probably one of the best soundtracks I've ever heard.  I have grown new respect for this band and I'm loving every minute of this album.
B002BU0DPE|5.0|First of all, i gotta say that i've never had a headset before, so since this is my first time owning one, i was very very careful when choosing the headset. So well, lemme give you a description of this headset:    What i found good on it:  -The main cord is extremely long (haven't measured it but it's like 4 meters long), but it has a envelope, so you can wrap it if you don't need to play so far from your tv.  -You can attach the sound controls to your belt or your pants, making easier to increase or decrease volume.  -The chat boost works great, you can adjust the chat loudness as much as you want, so you will always get what others are saying.  -Stereo expander works great if you want to increase the accuracy of where sounds come from (I am not sure but i've heard that this feature doesn't works with some games)  -You can turn off the mic if you don't want to be heared.  -Mic can be placed on any direction, so you can use it on any side of the headset.  -The headset is big, so it won't hurt your head.  -Speakers surround your ears instead of pressing them.  -Bass boost is great, but don't expect it's gonna be like a home theater, because it doesn't increases the bass that much.  -Crisp sound.    What you may find bad:  -Were you worrying about hissing? well this headset hisses, but hey, it's not an annoying hissing, you will only notice it if there's a total silence in your room and you have the headset on a high volume.  -If you have big ears, it may result a bit unconfortable the first days, and maybe your ears will hurt too like it happened to me, but once again, they're gonna hurt first days only.  -If you are using HDMI and your tv hasn't audio out jacks, you will have to use the standard a/v cable that came with your ps3 or xbox 360, so you will be full of wires (Which is really annoying to me) and also you will have to reprogram your console to send audio via the standard a/v cable and video via the HDMI cable.  -What you hear can be heard outside, so ifsomeone has sleeping problems you will still annoy him or her.    Anyway this headset is a great addition to your console, so i highly recommend it for those who are looking for a headset.
B0007OCG4W|4.0|Well this is a film you will either like or hate. But even if you hate it, you will appreciate the complexity of the dialogue and outstanding script as well as the razor sharp directing from Mike Nichols. You will probably appreciate the outstanding acting, especially from Natalie Portman. The film is about the complexity of relationships. Relationships and love in all its variations is extremely complex and therefore when folks don't know what they want and don't tell the truth, it is bound to become a big mess and this film shows just how messy it can get. The film shows how self deception leads to deception of others. It shows how every effort to avoid pain in relationships just leads to more vulnerability to pain. It also demonstrates that in general we are much better at talking about sexual intimacy than emotional intimacy. The character of Alice, played by Natalie Portman, was certainly my favorite and I found her to be the least emotionally damaged of all the characters. Her scene with Clive Owen in the strip bar was unforgettable. She is the least calculating and emotionally constricted of the 4 main characters. Jude Law plays Dan, a fellow who doesn't know what he wants and doesn't like what he gets and has an arrogance and distance that he seems to think will protect him from emotional hurt. Because he is so into himself, ensuring that he gets what he wants without much regard to others, he is not a likeable character and in the end I felt no sympathy for him. Julia Roberts plays Anna, a cool character if there ever was one. She is withdrawn and a bit listless. She hides behind her camera and is not enthusiastic about life. Her best scene is the wonderful scene where she meets Dr. Larry in the aquarium and he thinks she is the wild sex hungry uninhibited chick he has communicated with on-line. Here she shows humor and insight, which would have served her well in trying to manage her marriage to Larry. Clive Owen, as Dr. Larry, gets five of the best scenesin the film. The film seemed to translate well from the stage to the screen. Comparisons to \\"Who's Afraid of Virginia Wolfe\\" don't really hold for in \\"Who's Afraid of Virginia Wolfe\\" alcoholism and years of intimacy and keeping each other's secrets erupts. However in Closer, the anger and aggression comes not from too much intimacy but from too little intimacy, so that only sex and anger penetrate the carefully constructed veneers of three of the 4 main characters. The scene closest in intensity to the Taylor and Burton fight fests in \\"Who's Afraid\\" is the scene where Larry and Anna fully confront each other due to Larry's absolute insistence on hearing the worst and saying the worst. Clive Owen's performance is excellent and I empathized with him more than the other characters. Structurally the film seems to be about Anna and Dan with Alice and Larry on the edge, but the performances of Portman and Owen are so strong that the tables are turned and Roberts and Law are given a run for their money in the acting department. The dialogue is fast and sharp, so you may wish to watch it twice, if you can bear to watch human train wrecks.
B0026P3G12|5.0|The CD was all I had hoped it would be.  I now have two of her albums and would consider buying more.
0486408434|5.0|I recently got back into practicing card magic and this was the only book I had. Looking around at what is out at the market I cannot really see a better book to start with. Each chapter is well constructed with easy to follow instructions. I cannot really fault the book. Though it was written a fair while ago it is still applicable to magic today. If there was one fault with the book I would say that you will find that you work your way through the book quite easily and all of a sudden you come across the pass which you would expect to be at the end of the book due to the nature of its difficulty. However this is only a minor point and one which does not merit giving the book a score lower than 5. If you are interested in buying a book on card magic buy this book.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|I used a nvga 200 classified mobo and the second fan couldnt get on. the chipset got in the way. Otherwise it works great with one fan but takes alot of real estate
030746363X|5.0|Great book, a lot of very interesting suggestions on how to lose weight, gain muscle, and essentially hack the body.  I have successfully implemented some of the muscle building tips and the basic polyphasic sleep schedule (I am working up to Uberman but that may be too intense, we'll see).  All-in-all, great book; Tim, keep up the good work and Steve's Original is awesome!
B002VWNID6|1.0|This dvd skipped, the volume dramtically fluctuated through out the movie.  The disc actually stopped playing half way through the movie.  Watch out! Do not buy from this seller.  Buy a new dvd if you can.
076781326X|5.0|I purchased this for the son of friends.  Chris is a 34 year young man who has cerebral palsy and is severely impaired.  He's a love and he adores musicals with children in it!  He was thrilled to receive this gift for Christmas and his Mom tells me that he constantly says \\"More\\" which is amazingly the first word he ever spoke as a child!
1400095204|3.0|A member in our Bookclub observed that there were really only about 9 major topics to write about so it was inevitable that similarities pop up from timt to time.  I enjoyed the African perspective and viewpoint that the rest of the World did not seem concerned about the suffering in Biafra, and was glad to be so informed about that sordid part of Nigerian history.
B0025UHKNS|5.0|Great product. Its my first running watch and fullfilled all may expectations. Now I have a motivation to run because I have a lot of information to compare with and see my progress. It changed my meaning of running
1423134206|5.0|These are the most beautiful books. I Purchased all three in this Archive Series For my son who is a Stop motion Animation Student soon to graduate and he absolutely loves them so do I...they are very large table top books, and are so totally worth the price. The Magic of Disney...is in the pages of these books full of dreams and wonderment...Who ever purchases these books...will not be disappointed.
0756665949|5.0|A Must-Have item for Lost lovers.  It contains details of many things that may not have been understood (just a bit of things) and details about things you feel you understand.  In addition you will have something on the shelf that will not let you forget.  Without it you will not be able \\"to move on\\".    Amazon: Very good shipment to Brazil. Thanks
B00009R86L|5.0|This pad is almost a necessity for a fully packed Domke F2 bag. The pad worked so well, that I bought another one for my Duluth Pack laptop portfolio bag.
B003UESJHO|3.0|That's exactly how I found this movie: anti-climatic.  To me, THE FIGHTER was NOT about Mickey Ward, the boxer, but about Mickey Ward, the son and brother.  Before I saw the first frame of this movie, I knew that Mickey Ward, the boxer, would win a big title otherwise why bother make a movie about him.  But I was not sure what would happen to Mickey Ward, the son and brother.  As I was watching the movie, it became clear to me that this movie was about Mickey Ward cutting the umbilical cord and standing up to both his mother and brother.  The first chance he gets to do this is when he and Charlene stops by his family's house to inform them that he will be training in Vegas with other people besides them.  Does he tell them?  No.  Charlene is the one who has to pretty much spill the beans.  The second chance is when he has to tell his mother that she is not his manager anymore.  Does he tell her?  No.  She initially finds out about it from her husband, George, who gets hit by a frying pan.  The third chance is when he has to decide if he is going to keep his promise and retain his new manager and trainer or go back to his mother and brother.  Does he keep his word?  No.  He goes back to his mommy and brother.  But he gets a second chance.  He can try to get everyone to work together.  But does he even try to do this?  No.  Instead of him going to Charlene's apt. to try to coax her to work with his brother--it was Dickey who did it.  Mickey Ward has got to be one of the most static characters on film in recent memory.  He never did develop a spine.  This is precisely why I found THE FIGHTER to be anti-climatic.  David O. Russell made one HUGE mistake in this movie.  Instead of having Dickey trying to coax Charlene back on Mickey's team--it should've been Mickey who did this.  This is why this movie failed to me.  6/10.
0385523904|5.0|I had originally set this book aside but with the increasing fear of the Korean War starting again I thought I should read it now.  It started a little slow for me but after the first chapter I was hooked.  As I read I felt so bad for those living in North Korea.  I think it is hard for people who have things to wonder how others can go without.  Yet the people of North Korea didn't have any idea what they were missing, they assumed their society was the best.  Granted they didn't live in mansions or drive fancy cars (in fact few have cars at all) but they had food, had a job, and they survived.  The part that reached me the most was that when the rest of the world was celebrating the fall of Communism as the Berlin Wall fell North Korea fell into disarray. Since the fall of Communist Russia North Korea has faced nothing but problems as they lack the resources to support the nation.  I was also interested in how difficult it is for those who have successfully defected to acclimate into \\"normal\\" society. It sounds as though South Korea does a fairly good job teaching the defectors what they need to know however, I'm sure it is difficult to feel alienated.  I also can understand the comments about wishing they were back in North Korea... the unknown and change are difficult.<br /><br />One final thing I would like to comment on is regarding those who had problems with the authors religious comments.  I'm curious what they were talking about. As I read I waited for these moments when the author wrote her own thoughts and I only found this to occur once.  About 3/4 of the way through the book the author mentioned something regarding religion and it was only one or two sentences.  I found this book to focus on what she found in her interviews with those who successfully defected.  I think this is a book that everyone should have to read...
B0034G4OVS|1.0|There are some gruesome and suspenseful moments that qualify this as a thriller more than a horror.  But overall the plot seems too unrealistic. No park would shut down that fast.  It would take hours with clean-up staff, etc.  And, come on, the resort is really closed all week to the employees?  No regular staffers to handle phone calls, upcoming reservations or other business tasks?  The last staffer to go doesn't notice an unclaimed car in the parking lot?  No cell phones?  Really?  In this day and age?  Man eating wolves in New England?  And, it seems like these 20 somethings didn't have patience or brains.  Just wait until morning at least & get a fix on your surroundings before making stupid impulsive decisions.  Zip up your clothes and use huddle techniques to conserve warmth.  These college kids seemingly can't think or use their brains!     So many things I'd love to comment on, but won't because it would create spoilers.  Overall, it's a cheesy film with some taut moments.  If the obvious matters to you then this film will drive you nuts at how completely that is overlooked.  Maybe fun to rent on a slow rainy day to watch with friends just to pass some time. Not worth theater tickets or buying.
B003LXSY60|5.0|Looking back on 2010, I found that this was the album I listened to most often. There's not a bad song in the bunch, and a few are darn catchy. Pretty funky for a couple of white guys. Great sound, great production--a fun, bluesy romp.
0385342039|3.0|This book seemed like a really cute story idea. However I was slightly disappointed. It was an okay read, not nearly as funny as some of Sophie Kinsella's other works, though. Sometimes it moved along just fine, but other times it was a bit dry and slow and in some places, very frustrating (I found myself rolling my eyes a LOT at the naivete of the main character).<br /><br />However, the ending was good, so all was well. But, I don't think it will warrant a second read, for me.
030746363X|5.0|As a PT, this has got to be the most interesting and fascinating read I have ever opened. Not all the parts of the book are practical... but that makes them no less interesting! There are take away parts in this book for everyone, and bits that are for entertainment.  My fav part... the Pre-Hab.
0375759174|3.0|There isn't much to complain about with Northanger Abbey--it is pleasant enough, but hardly the caliber of P&P, S&S, Emma or Persuasion.  The style is promising but stilted, and characters and plots aren't really finely tuned.  Catherine Morland is promising enough but the young girl who is prudent and sensible seems to lose all sense of balance when she enters an abbey, imagining the most ridiculous and silly gothic nonsense.  A bit of fluff and silliness--if Austen wanted to send up the gothic novel she manages to do so for only half dozen chapters and not to any real purpose.<br /><br />There is the familiar secondary love story with a character who proves unworthy but harmless as our heroine caroms toward her inevitable 'happily ever after'. Like a bolt from the blue Eleanor, sister of Henry, Catherine's beau, suddenly is affianced and raised to the nobility.  In 2 paragraphs.  Talk about wrapping up loose ends too quickly!  Sadly missing too are those ridiculous minor characters--Mrs. Bennett, Lady Catherine deBourgh, etc.  It's not bad, but if it were written by anybody other than Austen I wonder how many of us would bother?  Very few I think.<br /><br />Anyone other than Austen would have gotten two stars.  Even genius has to be allowed a learning curve.
B0048WQDIE|4.0|One of the best books I've ever read.  I was disappointed to see the Kindle version priced higher than the paper back book through Amazon.  Furthermore, the Kindle version contains several typos that seemed to result from translation errors made from scanning from print to digital.  For example:  \\"He wouldn't he to anyone;\\" which should have been \\"He wouldn't lie to anyone.\\"  The typos were minor, and I probably wouldn't have cared as much if the publisher weren't selling me a digital book that costs them less to produce than the identical paper back which presumably has no typos.  Still - read the book - regardless of the version.
081297381X|3.0|There is a curious mention in the \\"How to Look for Bird Poop\\" chapter about the melt down of the Russian financial system in 1998.  While this event may have been a Black Swan to the author's employer at the time, it certainly was predicted more than a decade earlier. I attended a Rotary Club meeting in the mid-80s at which the speaker outlined all of the conditions that existed at the time that would lead to the failure of the Russian financial system.      In many ways, the speaker's reasoning was little different from predicting a personal bankruptcy.  Cash going out cannot exceed cash coming in over the long term.  If it does, bad things happen.  Given that the Russia of the time was a cash and carry society it could not sustain its spending habits.  Not a very elegant analysis, but still prescient.       So here is the question:  If others know about it but you do not is it really a Black Swan event?    In the case of the author's employer, several bankers lost their jobs and, presumably, the bank lost money.  In the financial market, being the last to know may be costly but is it really a Black Swan if you are ignorant and your neighbor is not?
B0001906O0|5.0|Great collection of stuff not found on studio releases, plus.  If you are a Cure fan, this is an obvious must have.
0316078913|2.0|This book was not very good.  I didn't think it was very funny and the sarcasm was over the top.  He tried way to hard when writting this book.
B0015DROBO|2.0|I heard such great things about this book, I was so excited to finally start reading it, however I was extremely dissapointed.  The books drags and drags, you are introduced to nearly one hundred characters and 90% of them are not in anyway important to the story.  I found both lead characters to be very unlikable, and didn't like that virtually every female in the book was brutalized by men at some point in their life, while the main character was presented as a playboy that no woman could refuse.  The only interesting plot line in the book ended with nearly 100 pages to go, so I found it very difficult to stay interested.  I don't think I'll be reading the other books in this series.  The writing may have been brilliant in its original language, but its charm was lost in translation.
0743298039|5.0|I loved this book!  I was sorry to have it end. I really became attached to the caracters and felt like I knew them personally!  I can't wait to review this book with my book club.
B002ZG981E|5.0|A fine movie. Not so sure it's an Oscar-contender, but interesting and challenging enough to make me want to watch it at least several more times. In a way, it reminds me of \\"The Sixth Sense\\" where the viewer, if watching for those little visual clues, can help determine what is real or a dream, or a dream within a dream (within another dream?) Anyway, I did thoroughly enjoy it and expect I will again during later viewings. The visuals are spectacular and the acting is, for the most part, quite good. I highly recommend viewing it at least a few times.
B003ZTQN1I|2.0|I agree with Matthew....just saw the movie and was excited to order the soundtrack. How disappointing to find out that the songs that were so good in the movie were sung by different people on the soundtrack, especially the song, Give into Me. Will not be ordering this CD.
B000I0RNVG|4.0|This movie is beautiful and the DVD is worth it just for the movie itself but the two reasons why I got this Special edition are pretty disappointing. The Documentary about haw was made is pretty bad most of the interviews are not to actors in the film or DP or executive producers are two movie critics from Hollywood and some footage of Tornatore, the director, no saying much or anything interesting. Also the DVD contain the director's cut version. Already happen with me more than once. The theatrical releases are much better than the directors cuts. The movie add unnecessary scenes and a full explanation of what happen between Elena and Toto that does not bring anything important to the movie.<br />I will yes confess that some extra footage explain little details that originally didn't make much sense and with the extra footage does it but does not change much the movie.<br />Anyway I give to the DVD 4 stars because the movie is great no matter what so if you didn't see it buy the DVD because you will watch this movie more than once
B002ZG981E|5.0|This is a great movie! Another Leonardo classic and a must have for movie lovers.   This movie has everything good movies are made of... it is mind-blowing!
1932100660|5.0|This is the most important book I have ever read.      America has been sold one 'magic bullet' reductionist idea after another.  Hasn't anyone noticed that not one of them actually worked?  Don't we have a long trail of fad nutrients that haven't made the slightest impact on America's health?  The truth is so simple and so refreshing.    And no one can dispute the fact that millions of people live with little to no animal protein, and they don't get cancer, heart disease, diabetes, etc.  They are healthy.    In 2 weeks, several chronic health problems vanished completely for me.  I love eating this way.    Thank you Mr. Campbell for having the courage to stand up for the truth.
B001SN78JO|4.0|This movie was much funnier than expected. Its funnier than other movies with a similar concept (such as the invention of lying). I don't remember this in theaters so I imagine it didn't do well but its great and everyone should give the DVD a shot. Jim Carey is his normal silly self but not too off the wall to make it unbelievable in this one. We are very selective with the DVD's we buy , this is one we will  be adding to our collection.      (The reviewer was compensated for posting this review. However, the opinion stated in the review is that of the reviewer and the reviewer alone. Further, the reviewer independently selected this product to review and has no affiliation with the product maker/distributor, Amazon or the review requester.)
B000957O7S|3.0|Movie was so funny!  Watched it a few times. Quality of the CD was good.  No pauses or anything that messed up the screening of it.
B000JMKQX0|5.0|OMG... please Max Brooks write more of these stories. I definately have my favorites and want to read more about those people, such as the blind elderly man and the female pilot. Hell, I liked them all, best zombie book ever written!!! I have reread my favorite chapters so many times that my copy of the book is falling apart. It gets better every time. Thank you, Max Brooks!
B002RKSCA6|3.0|The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde, by Robert Louis Stevenson<br /><br /> Dr. Jekyll is a chemist who is well respected by the community. Mr. Hyde is a known criminal who is wanted for murder. So why has Dr. Jekyll named him as his beneficiary if anything were ever to happen to him? That is the question of Mr. Utterson who is the protagonist of this story.<br /><br /> The lawyer (Utterson) who is in charge of Dr. Jekyll's will starts to wonder if Hyde is blackmailing Jekyll over some incident in Jekyll's youth--it is not uncommon for young men to do foolish things! He becomes more suspicious after he finds out about Mr. Hyde's character and confronts Jekyll; Jekyll tells him not to mention the name in his presence, but to leave the will intact. A crux is reached when a witness sees Hyde murder a member of Parliament; Jekyll takes the will back from Utterson and claims that Hyde will never be heard from again.<br /><br /> Unfortunately, Dr. Jekyll's butler starts hearing suspicious sounds coming from his master's rooms: an unusual tread, cursing, and orders in a voice that is not Dr. Jekyll's own! Fearing his master has been murdered, the butler notifies Utterson, and together the two of them break in only to find Hyde has just committed suicide and neither Jekyll's person nor body is in sight!<br /><br /> I wish I hadn't already known this story before reading the book; all of the suspense was lost on me. This is much too bad because it would be a great murder mystery novel--Stevenson is great at building the suspense without giving too much away! Even knowing how the story would end it was still enjoyable, but knowledge of what was coming definitely lowered my enjoyment remarkably.<br /><br />Memorable Quote:<br /><br /> If I am the chief of sinners, I am the chief of sufferers also.<br /><br />For more reviews like this one, please visit my profile!
B003U0AHBO|5.0|My wife and I watched this movie the first day we received it.  Not only did we enjoy the movie greatly, but, we got this product at a fantastic price and the the item was shipped quickly.  I have purchased several items from Amazon and have yet to be disappointed.
1439177783|5.0|Fantastic Book.  This is everything I thought I would be by reading all the reviews before I purchased.  Portia de Rossi is a fabulous writer.  Any woman who may have body image issues should read this book.  ****** 5 Star Rating from this reader!! Cudos to you Ms. Portia.
B000025KKW|5.0|I had the cassette version of this production, and missed listening to it so much that I had to find it in CD form for myself and a Brazilian friend of mine.  I found the best price here at Amazon.  It's just a wonderful, wonderful production from Gloria Estefan.  Thanks again, Amazon.
B001CDLATE|5.0|with almost 500 reviews, there's not much left to say. I just wanted to add my 5 stars to it. this is the most beautiful piece of art ever conceived.
031603438X|5.0|My husband is a big Stones fan, and has read everything printed by them and about them.  I gave him this book for Christmas after hearing about it's release earlier in the year.  My husband says it's the best book by Richards thus far.  The price was very reasonable, and delivery was really, really fast.  Thanks!
B002UXRGLG|5.0|An excellent purchase! These types BBC documentary's are amazing. I had to go online to find this version narrated by David Attenborough. No offence to Oprah but I prefer listening to someone who know what they are talking about.
B003H9MSPG|1.0|Yeah, so I'm not having a Happy Hasbro kind of day and here is why...<br /><br />1.  Box says \\"longest gun\\" but note it doesn't say longest shooting gun.  Average distance?  15'  Yes, 15 feet.  Can you get 35 feet?  Sure, if you load it just right and then arc it like a mortar.<br />2.  Putting on the barrel of the gun actually reduces it's distance by quite a bit<br />3.  Horribly inaccurate.  My son's $10 Buzz Bee gun shots much farther with better accuracy.<br /><br />And now lets talk darts... You can ONLY use the narrow darts like the ones that come with it.  No whistle tips or suction cups.  Even through the box for those show this gun, yeah about that.  NOPE doesn't work.<br /><br />So in short, it barely launches a dart, gets worse if you try to use all the parts and then is not compatible with rest of the line.<br /><br />I almost wish I could give it negative stars.
B0015DYIH2|5.0|if you have read or seen all of th other three movies or books you need to read this to wrap up the series. absolute amazing ending. could never put this book down. i never wanted it to end. there is still action with romance and cliffhangers. you better read this book. best book ive ever read.
B000WTBMBK|4.0|In 2006, a reclusive English musician working under the name Burial released a self-titled dubstep album that won considerable critical acclaim. One might not expect that genre of dance music to hold many surprises, but Burial erratically programmed the beats so that they subtly deviating from perfect four-four time, producing an unstable soundscape either poignant or disturbing. UNTRUE, released in 2007, was Burial's followup album and is even better than the first.<br /><br />Unlike the first album, no MC appears here. Instead, all vocal tracks are based on samples. The three peaks of the album come when Burial takes a vocal line from a single singer, but changes the pitch of alternating verses to produce a curious kind of duet: \\"Archangel\\", \\"Etched Headplate\\" and the title track. Surrounding them is a flow of tracks based on ghostly synths and half-heard strings, moments of illumination like streetlights seen through fog.<br /><br />One cannot expect too much from this kind of music, and I waver from five stars because I'm unsure of ultimate greatness, but UNTRUE presses all the right buttons for me and has immense replay value. If you like electronic music, give UNTRUE a try and you may get emotional.
B00377V6J2|5.0|What a thrill it is listening to these two masters of the guitar. Either one alone is great but the two of them together is superb.
B001U3Y5XE|5.0|This game provides hours of fun for kids, and is a great game for the grown ups as well.  You modify the rules depending on the age group playing.  I would recommend it to anyone.
B0000009SG|5.0|This was just what I was looking for.  My husband is into Frank Zappa and I found lots of CD's to choose from on Amazon.  He was thrilled to get this one.
B004FTVUH4|4.0|Enjoyed La Femme Nikita for what it was.  Enjoy Nikita for what it is.  It's a totally different show and I really appreciate a woman who can actually do her own stunts and take guys down.  It's great to see Maggie Q doing this show and I love Shane West.  The writing is getting better as the show continues so I really appreciate that a full season was ordered.  Can't wait until it's back in a few weeks.
B000JQU4TW|5.0|Though many of us no longer believe in \\"corruptible souls,\\" Oscar Wilde's \\"The Picture of Dorian Gray\\" still holds up as literature and a container of meaning. Though the metaphysics of the novel were likely a mere literary device even in Wilde's day, they nonetheless strike at something deep. Essentially, they ask two perennial questions, \\"what does it mean to be a good person?\\" and \\"How do I know if I'm a good person?\\" Unlike most non-literary mortals, the extremely corruptible (aren't we all?) Dorian Gray has direct empirical evidence of the state of his \\"goodness.\\" He receives, via a Faustian pact sans Faust, a \\"soul mirror\\" from the hapless painter Basil Hallward. As Gray develops from an innocent, almost waifish, youth endowed with irresistible masculine beauty into the Marquis de Sade of the English leisure class, the painting records his increasing dissoluteness. In trade, his physical being retains all the luster of youth and beauty he possessed at 18. This would provide a near irresistible bargain for many twentieth century people, and one wonders at the number of real but metaphorical equivalents of Gray portraits that exist today. But universal belief in a soul, especially as a \\"chalkboard of one's self,\\" has become quaint (even those who believe in a soul probably don't imbue their lives with this belief). Who then, apart from religious adherents, today really worries about \\"damage to the soul\\" in an eschatologically consistent manner that would make Wilde's book blare a meaningful warning signal? Hasn't such thought gone the way of the ether and phlogiston (even though exorcists still dwell among us)? Why read this novel?<br /><br />The simple answer is that \\"The Picture of Dorian Gray\\" remains great literature, though even that concept carries far less weight today than fifty years ago. But if by \\"great literature\\" we mean a story with depth, intrigue, drama and unforgettable characterization then maybe more antennas perk up. Many have also called it a \\"horror story,\\" so perhaps one can subsume it under precursors to Steven King and other morally based modern horror novels? Whatever convenient label one puts on such works, great stories, be they novels, movies, video games, hieroglyphics, songs, dances, buildings, or even a splotch on the sidewalk, teach us something about ourselves. They flip that often neglected \\"introspection switch\\" somewhere in our wiring that supercharges the wonder mechanism. So regardless of the now ancient metaphysics and 19th century ethos of this novel, the telling of such a story as a \\"horror fable\\" still touches that ineffable part of us that strives for \\"goodness,\\" whatever that means. Dorian Gray explores this theme by depicting the abstraction of goodness in visual form that morphs in sympathy with some objective measure of that quality. This in itself summons the creeping question \\"what would my portrait look like?\\" As well as \\"what standards would make my portrait writhing and horrid?\\" The novel suggests, amongst other things, that disregarding the situations of others and focusing selfishly on one's own pleasures makes one corrupt. Sybil Vane's tragic end, arguably the result of Gray's selfish cruelty, produces the portrait's first \\"scrupulous twitch.\\" We still experience these wispy twitches today, with or without a belief in souls. But our increasingly individualistic world throws rationalizations up for any parallel behavior. In a curious twist to the enlightenment-inspired right of \\"pursuit of happiness\\" we suddenly find ourselves morally justifying the destruction of others in the name of principles of \\"individual freedom.\\" This novel seems to eschew such thinking all the way to Gray's macabre and unforgettable death scene. The portrait wasn't so detached from the body after all, it seems. Reducing the book's \\"moral\\" down to a platitude such as \\"selfish hedonism doesn't pay\\" belittles Wilde's achievement. Though really, it says as much but in a beautiful and horrifyinglysatisfying way. And it says it in a way that even touches the modern sensibility. Fables can still have impact in an emergent posthumanist era.<br /><br />Another reason to read \\"The Picture of Dorian Gray\\" is that, being Wilde's only novel, one can claim to the unknowing that \\"I have read all of Oscar Wilde's novels\\" and come across as quite educated indeed. Of course Wilde was well known for his plays. And the sensibilities of the playwright do appear throughout this short book, with the exception of some long passages of narrative summary in the book's second half. Copious dialogue inhabits large sections, especially when the loquacious Lord Henry Wotton spews his neo-hedonist views. These play a role in Gray's corruption and also suggest a fear of contagious and dangerous ideas. Can ideas corrupt? \\"Dorian Gray\\" seems to say \\"yes.\\" But this novel will not corrupt. It will entertain, being a great story, and it will inspire thinking, because it has substance. And since it spins a great yarn it also has the ability to moralize without the appearance of moralizing. Double bonus. So voluminous reasons exist to pick up and chew at this old tale, either in fiber or electronically. And, finally, if you're going to write only one novel, make it a jaw-dropper. Wilde did.ng way. And it says it in a way that even touches the modern sensibility. Fables can still have impact in an emergent posthumanist era.    Another reason to read \\"The Picture of Dorian Gray\\" is that, being Wilde's only novel, one can claim to the unknowing that \\"I have read all of Oscar Wilde's novels\\" and come across as quite educated indeed. Of course Wilde was well known for his plays. And the sensibilities of the playwright do appear throughout this short book, with the exception of some long passages of narrative summary in the book's second half. Copious dialogue inhabits large sections, especially when the loquacious Lord Henry Wotton spews his neo-hedonist views. These play a role in Gray's corruption and also suggest a fear of contagious and dangerous ideas. Can ideas corrupt? \\"Dorian Gray\\" seems to say \\"yes.\\" But this novel will not corrupt. It will entertain, being a great story, and it will inspire thinking, because it has substance. And since it spins a great yarn it also has the ability to moralize without the appearance of moralizing. Double bonus. So voluminous reasons exist to pick up and chew at this old tale, either in fiber or electronically. And, finally, if you're going to write only one novel, make it a jaw-dropper. Wilde did.
030746363X|5.0|I left it at my friends and her and her husband lost 8lbs each in a week by the time I returned
0307463745|5.0|Business and branding books glut the market. In fact, I have dozens. But the only one that I consider my \\"biz Bible\\"? Rework by Jason Fried and David Heinemeier Hansson, the brilliant founders of 37signals (Basecamp, Highrise, etc.)<br /><br />I read Rework early last year and benefited enormously. Under pressure by co-workers and colleagues to \\"tone it down\\" (paraphrase), my intensity and originality were stifled, and the gradual sacrifice to \\"fit in\\" within a small niche culture eroded my sharpness.<br /><br />For a few months, I lost my way. Lost my \\"voice\\" as a respected, honest reviewer and blogger. My bleeding edge that makes me unique, unparalleled and in demand dulled.<br /><br />A few days ago, I picked up Rework once again. The no BS \\"cookbook\\" that the authors freely share in this book nudged me back on my path, realigned my focus and honed my communicative blade.<br /><br />In short, it reminded me that I'm responsible for my own dreams, my own brand and my own integrity. \\"Playing nice\\" didn't earn me my current following, and it sure won't increase it. In fact, Fried and Heinemeier Hansson agree. They write in Rework:<br /><br />\\"Strong opinions aren't free. You'll turn some people off. They'll accuse you of being arrogant and aloof. That's life. For everyone who loves you, there will be others who hate you. If no one's upset by what you're saying, you're probably not pushing hard enough. (And you're probably boring, too.)\\"<br /><br />And some other gems from Rework?:<br /><br />* \\"When you want something bad enough, you make the time--regardless of your other obligations.\\"<br /><br />* \\"Workaholics aren't heroes. They don't save the day, they just use it up. The real hero is already home because she figured out a faster way to get things done.\\"<br /><br />* \\"When you don't know what you believe, everything becomes an argument.\\"<br /><br />* \\"A business without a path to profit isn't a business, it's a hobby.\\"<br /><br />* \\"The easiest, most straightforward way to create a great product or service so to make something you want to use. That lets you design what you know--and you'll figure out immediately whether or not what you're making is any good.\\"<br /><br />* \\"If you think a competitor sucks, say so.\\"<br /><br />* \\"Policies are organizational scar tissue. They are codified overreactions to situations that are unlikely to happen again. They are collective punishment for the misdeeds of an individual.\\"<br /><br />* \\"Clear writing is a sign of clear thinking. Great writers know how to communicate...Writing is making a comeback all over our society...Writing is today's currency for good ideas.\\"<br /><br />With provocative chapter titles like \\"Emulate Drug Dealers\\", \\"Planning is Guessing\\", \\"Meetings are Toxic\\", \\"Pick a Fight\\" and \\"You're Better off with a Kick-Ass Half than a Half-Assed Whole\\", Rework delivers bare-bone brilliance and common sense remedies for tangled bureaucracy, analysis paralysis, waiting for perfection, disseminating information, standing out and relating to customers.<br /><br />At 273-pages, Rework is for every innovator, business owner, startup and freelancer wanting to create smart, simple and authentic work. As the authors say, \\"Nobody likes plastic flowers\\".<br /><br />So what are you waiting for? Buy Rework and get out there--cracks, scratches, warts and all--and make it happen.<br /><br />-- Janet Boyer, author of Back in Time Tarothat lets you design what you know--and you'll figure out immediately whether or not what you're making is any good.\\"    * \\"If you think a competitor sucks, say so.\\"    * \\"Policies are organizational scar tissue. They are codified overreactions to situations that are unlikely to happen again. They are collective punishment for the misdeeds of an individual.\\"    * \\"Clear writing is a sign of clear thinking. Great writers know how to communicate...Writing is making a comeback all over our society...Writing is today's currency for good ideas.\\"    With provocative chapter titles like \\"Emulate Drug Dealers\\", \\"Planning is Guessing\\", \\"Meetings are Toxic\\", \\"Pick a Fight\\" and \\"You're Better off with a Kick-Ass Half than a Half-Assed Whole\\", Rework delivers bare-bone brilliance and common sense remedies for tangled bureaucracy, analysis paralysis, waiting for perfection, disseminating information, standing out and relating to customers.     At 273-pages, Rework is for every innovator, business owner, startup and freelancer wanting to create smart, simple and authentic work. As the authors say, \\"Nobody likes plastic flowers\\".     So what are you waiting for? Buy Rework and get out there--cracks, scratches, warts and all--and make it happen.     -- Janet Boyer, author of Back in Time Tarot
B001DXS4E2|4.0|I remember enjoying this film on TV when I was young.  Previously had a black & white version DVD, but had trouble getting anyone else to watch it with me.  When I saw the collectors edition with a colorized version disc, thought it would be worth a try.  I probably will never watch it in black & white again, the colorized version is better, and I can convince other family members to watch it then...
B003OJBWGK|2.0|Wow, I was expecting much more from this album. I'm also very surprised at the glowing reviews.  Sounds like one big consecutive low-fi song.  Not original or classic in any sense of the word.  Buy a song or two from I tunes first to see if it's for you.  Go pick up early Velocity Girls if you're looking for good poppy low fi music.  Nothing great here.
030746363X|5.0|This is the most effective and rewarding book I have ever read next to Four Hour Work Week by Tim Ferriss.  I could not be more happy with the results after only a week.  I have grown in more ways than I thought was possible.  Thanks Mr. Ferriss.
B0015DROBO|4.0|More of a story about a crime drama than a crime drama itself, \\"The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo\\" follows a journalist sucked into a strange proposition to discover the secrets behind a decades-old suspected murder that took place in the middle of a highly dysfunctional family gathering.<br /><br />The book is set in Sweden and for an American reader, the Swedish proper nouns (towns/people) were a bit tough to follow, particularly in the context of trying to keep details straight for what I thought was a crime drama. It turns out those details aren't terribly necessary to the story (whose over-detailed nature seems to be a subject of some criticism), so just reading through casually was a better idea.<br /><br />For my taste, the book was a bit long and tedious in the first half, although it definitely picked up towards the middle and was quite exciting through the conclusion.<br /><br />Be warned that the subject matter contains some violence, including rape, incest, and battery of women. It isn't overly graphic, but the subject matter could definitely be disturbing for some.<br /><br />All in all it was an interesting read. I'd recommend reading it as a story rather than a crime drama, in as much as tracking all of the details and trying to solve the crime as a reader was a detriment to the first bit of the book for me. But reading it casually provided an interesting story with plenty of excitement towards the end.
B001EN71CW|5.0|At first i was not going to rate this because it seemed pointless to add one more 5 star rating.  But after reading some of the one star ratings, i decided to rate this great show, just to farther prove a point;   This is a great show.    No power in the 'verse can change that.
B00275EHJG|5.0|Toy Story 3 is amazing!  As a 21-year-old who grew up with Toy Story I was so pleased with the third installment.  It was funny and entertaining.  Like all of the previous movies it had humor that appealed to all ages.  I was so happy to see the \\"Cool Hand Luke\\" references.  It is nice to be able to go to a children's movie and still be able to laugh throughout the whole thing.  I was disappointed to read the poor reviews about violence and darkness.  Both of the previous movies had kidnapping, death, darkness, etc.  I would highly recommend Toy Story 3!  It is great!
B0015DWJX2|4.0|This story takes place in 1946.  It starts out with the author Juliet Ashton who is an author and receives a letter from a complete stranger.  This stranger ends up being the member who found the Guernsey Literary and potato peel pie society.  Juliet ends up writing back and forth with other members of the society and forms a friendship with them through their words and experiences on the Island of Guernsey during the German occupation.<br />  I loved reading this story.  You start to understand why Juliet feels so close to the members without have meeting them.  The whole book is in letter form and like that style of writing. Very creatively written and would definitely recommend everyone reading this story.
030746363X|5.0|7 days after reading the book i have lost 7 pounds of fat.     The book is easy to read , and you only have to read the chapters that apply to you.     I like the format of the book and most chapters start out with a story to give you perspective, before getting into the meaty details.       If you are serious about looseing weight the 20.00 you spend on this book is a small investment. You will prolly save that in the first 2 days when you stop eating fast food.     I started the diet , and also a pill regiment called (PAGG).       I would recommend buying the book and to start reading it with a positive attitude.
B0042JTDXK|2.0|We have all of Josh Groban's other CDs and listen to them frequently.  We saw him live on his Awake tour and he was fantastic.  He has a great voice, uses it beautifully and relates very well with audiences.  Previous albums were filled with beautifully written music (with a couple minor exceptions) with rich orchestrations and interesting harmonic progressions.  They made great use of his talent by staying in his range and showcasing the amazing voice he has.    The music in Illuminations is sophomoric.  The harmonic progressions are lame, the orchestrations thin, and the weak melodies take him outside of his range in several notable cases, causing him to strain his voice painfully (to the listener, at least).  Even if it was in his range, it's just lame music.  No one could make this collection of songs sound good.    We still have all of his CDs, but we won't be playing this one too often, if ever.  What a disappointment.
B003YFIUW8|5.0|At first I wasn't sure how I would feel about the way the story was told....from the voice of a 5 year old boy. I must say this book hooked me right away and I could not put it down until I finished it. Great story!
B0034G4P7G|5.0|Simply put, this movie is one of the best films made recently. If you look at the different critic circles around the country, it has one EVERY SINGLE ONE. Between the brilliant depiction of asocial genius (Jesse Eisenberg as a fictionalized Zuckerberg), the beautiful direction from one of the best modern directors in Hollywood, and the quick witted script (sure to win an Oscar), this movie is entertaining, beautiful, and sure to make you think. Watch this movie.
006056251X|5.0|This book came so quickly. I feel like I ordered it and by the time I got home from work it was there (over exaggeration...but it was within the week). Wonderful condition - like brand new.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|Installation was fairly easy, lots of vids on youtube for how to install the hardware (minus compount).     used arctic silver 5 compound.  make sure to go to arctic silver's own website for how to apply the thermal paste.  don't use some of those vids for how to apply thermal paste, lots of misinformation.    keeps cpu cool, temps never reach above 32 at slight overclock..
030746363X|5.0|I've been reading Tim's blog for years now and while I had read some of the info in the book already from his blog, there was tons more information in the book.  I wouldn't try everything that's in there, but I've learned more from this book than most any other.
B0042816YK|3.0|Three stars for the scenic locations and the actors who did the best they could with what they were given.  This is watchable if you can suspend disbelief and fall in love with a selfish protagonist who doesn't deserve anybody's love.  That was one of the main problem's with this.  This is a woman who jumped into relationships she shouldn't have been in at the expense of others.  The issues she had in these relationships were never quite valid or clear.  I think it's probably a testament to many relationships these days where people just leave over tiny shreds.<br /><br />I didn't read the book so I imagine it was probably fantastic, but it's my understanding that some of what really happened to this author were adjusted in the movie.  If you can believe that the author's life was even more selfish than the way the movie portrays.  They actually had to tone it down a little or she would've really been vilified.<br /><br />For example: In the movie the Julia Roberts character wakes up one day from her marriage to the Billy Crudup character and decides she wants a divorce.  He presses her for a good reason which she's unable to divulge eloquently.  She then proceeds to fall into a passionate romance with a younger guy played by James Franco.  She goes through the same turmoil with him and leaves him setting off on a year journey to Italy, India and Bali to find herself.<br /><br />How it allegedly really went down was the real author cheated on her husband with this younger guy and left her husband for him.  That younger guy then cheated on her and left her in the end.  Now that should've been in the movie to teach one a lesson about how you treat others will come back to bite you.  I guess the filmmakers thought that the audiences would think she deserved it.  There is no way around her life.  It was all me-me-me and I-I-I.<br /><br />She spends a good portion in Italy eating her way through it and hanging with new friends.  Her friend complains that she needs to stop eating because she's gaining a few pounds.  The Julia Roberts character says, \\"Has a guy ever thrown you out or said something?\\" The friend says, \\"No.\\"  Julia says, \\"Because he hit the jackpot he's with a naked woman.\\"  Um - obviously she doesn't know much about what the man is REALLY thinking.<br /><br />All in all the story could've been worked a bit more to make her more of a likable protagonist.  The reason she's likable at all is because we're watching Julia Roberts who brings good things to the screen.  The message is hidden in there deep if you can get past all that.  And the scenery, acting and the way the film is shot keeps you afloat and interested.  There is a message in it that were all looking for enlightenment or answers or to be happy, but just don't use others or jump into relationships you're not ready for, because you then you just look like a dishonest loser.<br /><br />Julia Roberts makes this work - an unknown actress might not have been able to bring as much light as possible to such a negative character.  Does the protagonist find everything she's looking for?  The last half hour of the movie is the more intriguing, so it does end with a bang, but will you be able to hold out until you get there?  If there is any great line it's the man-friend she meets while praying in India.  He says, \\"To get to the castle - you got to swim through the moat.\\"  He's full of soliloquy's to which she asks, \\"Do you always talk in bumper stickers?\\"  That was a line from the movie, \\"Postcards from the Edge\\" with Meryl Streep by the way.  Originality isn't easy these days if someone did it before you already.p eating because she's gaining a few pounds.  The Julia Roberts character says, \\"Has a guy ever thrown you out or said something?\\" The friend says, \\"No.\\"  Julia says, \\"Because he hit the jackpot he's with a naked woman.\\"  Um - obviously she doesn't know much about what the man is REALLY thinking.<br /><br />All in all the story could've been worked a bit more to make her more of a likable protagonist.  The reason she's likable at all is because we're watching Julia Roberts who brings good things to the screen.  The message is hidden in there deep if you can get past all that.  And the scenery, acting and the way the film is shot keeps you afloat and interested.  There is a message in it that were all looking for enlightenment or answers or to be happy, but just don't use others or jump into relationships you're not ready for, because you then you just look like a dishonest loser.<br /><br />Julia Roberts makes this work - an unknown actress might not have been able to bring as much light as possible to such a negative character.  Does the protagonist find everything she's looking for?  The last half hour of the movie is the more intriguing, so it does end with a bang, but will you be able to hold out until you get there?  If there is any great line it's the man-friend she meets while praying in India.  He says, \\"To get to the castle - you got to swim through the moat.\\"  He's full of soliloquy's to which she asks, \\"Do you always talk in bumper stickers?\\"  That was a line from the movie, \\"Postcards from the Edge\\" with Meryl Streep by the way.  Originality isn't easy these days if someone did it before you already.
030746363X|5.0|This book contains a lifetime of information. The author didn't simply read some reports or interview a random Ph.D. He has gone all over the word and tested everything himself. He is completely open and honest about all of his experiences so you can decide what you would like to try for yourself. Its a literally grab bag of possibilities. For me, I may be able to save my shoulders, quiet my back, and return to the days I won a national championship in martial arts.
B003CIG7AE|5.0|being a diehard music fan for the past 35 years. I seldom come across anything new or up and coming that makes me think that rock music is still vital,then this stopped me dead in my tracks,the voice,lyrics and musicianship of this band proved otherwise.rock and roll,and great music/bands.still exsist.look no further!
1932100660|1.0|As far as I can tell, the book is one giant deception designed to prove a false thesis (that animal products are unhealthy) by manipulating statistics.  To the untrained eye, which includes the vast majority of readers, it seems like a brilliant work of scientific heroism.  In reality, it's a bunch of garbage put together by an incompetent and severely biased \\"scientist\\".  Please read Denise Minger's responses online before you make any foolish decisions based on this shameful piece of quackery.
B003XMUFGQ|2.0|I prefer this kind of music done by those who started early on playing this music. Old rockers rarely cross that bridge without getting all wet.    Boring bordering on embarrassment. He is a great rock/blues guitarist with vocals in that arena. His voice does not shine in this setting and guitar is reduced to a sideshow.    Next thing he is going to be doing duets with Rod Stewart. shoot me now!
B003YNFYD8|5.0|If you are one of those people who have been keeping up with all the Apple releases of the past 15 months, you may not need the infamous red and blue albums. If you are a completist, or on the opposite ends, someone who just wants an overview, you just might want to grab these. All the singles are here, and the pacing of hits and album tracks flow neatly between the red and the blue, so that when you're done, you FEEL like you've heard it all, and will probably be standing in the middle of the room, mouth open, wondering how so much greatness can be contained in just 4 Cds. It will be only after a few listenings, that you will start to realize that there's a song here, and a song there that you're missing, and that's when you will become one of us, those who have to have all the albums, in stereo, in mono, et al. Until then, enjoy, what is probably, the tightest, most comprehensive collection of the best music of the last century. Period.
0312370849|4.0|This is one of the best books I have read in a long time!  If you like emotional books that suck you in from the first page this is a great book for you.  I cried through the whole book and the attachment that I had to Sarah made me wanna hold my own daughter a little closer.  That being said my only complaint with the book was the predictability of it.  There were many instances, mostly towards the end, that I knew what the next chapters held long before I reached them.  The fist 3/4 of this book are amazing and then it's like the author ran out of steam or perhaps was on a deadline to finish the book.  Either way I would recommend this book.
B003YNFYCO|5.0|If you are one of those people who have been keeping up with all the Apple releases of the past 15 months, you may not need the infamous red and blue albums.  If you are a completist, or on the opposite ends, someone who just wants an overview, you just might want to grab these.  All the singles are here, and the pacing of hits and album tracks flow neatly between the red and the blue, so that when you're done, you FEEL like you've heard it all, and will probably be standing in the middle of the room, mouth open, wondering how so much greatness can be contained in just 4 Cds.  It will be only after a few listenings, that you will start to realize that there's a song here, and a song there that you're missing, and that's when you will become one of us, those who have to have all the albums, in stereo, in mono, et al.  Until then, enjoy, what is probably, the tightest, most comprehensive collection of the best music of the last century.  Period.
0307595579|5.0|The girl with the dragon tattoo:    I'm not one to usually read past the first ten pages of a book if that doesn't capture me. Although the book got off to a slowish start it was well worth the read, which I gathered anyway through the general consensus of the other reviews.    If the next two in the trilogy are half as good as the first I'll be happy.    Delivery - cheap and quick  Cost - cheapest I could find  Quality of read - 5/5  Quality of physical item - 5/5  recommendation - buy
B00005JKDR|4.0|Fast shipping, needed it as a gift for Christmas and I received it in plenty of time. Thank you! :)
B003YGSLDA|5.0|This is a terrific movie for (not)explaining to your young believers how santa claus came to be and how he does all that traveling in just one night! I showed this to my boys growing up and its a wonderful movie for all including adults.  Dudly Moore is great as Patches, John Lithgow the perfect \\"villan\\" and the gentleman who plays santa claus..............just perfect. I bought this special edition this year for my granddaughters.
0312330537|5.0|This is one on the most enthralling books I have ever read.  I do not recall ever being so immersed in a culture as I was with this book.  The author writes prose like it is poetry.  The autobiographical aspects of the book illuminate an amazingly interesting individual.[[ASIN:B0033BWBOQ Shantaram (HARDCOVER)]][[ASIN:0312330537 Shantaram: A Novel]][[ASIN:B003R50FRI Shantaram]][[ASIN:192076920X Shantaram]]
030746363X|5.0|I have been using Tim's book \\"a-la-carte\\" as he intended and have been so pleased with this lifestyle/training change. I am seldom hungry and have been sleeping so much better.   I'm a physiology/kinesiology geek and always have been. I find this book so refreshing compared to your constant nightly news and newspapers making exercise/health claims based on \\"so called research\\" and 6 months later you hear them on the other extreme only to know in the back of your mind it's because they only researched that particular exercise/health idea without researching and comparing what the rest of the body is doing...oh, wait! that would make too much sense!  Tim, thank you for taking a long term, invasive and thorough approach to how exercise science, general health, and nutrition effects our bodies and our performance. The amount of research and clinical trials you provide are so helpful in seeing the whole picture. Finally, someone open minded enough to start from scratch and scientifically prove what no one has been able to do before! Congrats!   P.S. I will be following your blog!  The Blog of Tim Ferriss: Experiments in Lifestyle Design:[...]  -Nikki
030746363X|4.0|A lot of people complain about this book not being internally consistent, but I don't think that criticism is fair.  For example, in his chapter on weight loss, Tim might argue that almond butter should be avoided.  In the chapter on adding mass, he might argue that you should eat it.  Some reviewers seem to think that this is contradictory, but it all depends on what your goals are.  Some chapters (or even specific advice) may not apply to you.    The one weakness I noticed most frequently about the book was the lack of what to do in the \\"steady state\\" period after you have transformed your body.  Tim teams to take you through the roller coaster of his own body transformations, but I'm not terribly interested in seeing what I can do to my body for 4 weeks; I'd rather figure out how to maintain a steady diet and exercise plan that I can live with for the long term.
B003O86FMW|5.0|I read this book on the kindle a few months ago and I loved it.  Its even better than the first book.  Although this book would only make sense to you if you read the first book.  This book is about 17 year old Katniss Everdeen who is forced to re enter the hunger games.  This time it is even more dangerous that the first time.  16 of the kids get killed on the first two days.  Will Katniss survive again.
B00004TS0E|5.0|I have had a VHS copy of this movie from the time it was originally released.  My VHS player is getting older and not playing the movie well.  I loved the movie and really enjoyed the updated version of the original.  Both movies are part of my annual Christmas holiday movies that are watched.  Yes Virginia there is a Santa Claus really applies to these movies.
B003TSEL7S|5.0|When I heard this book came out I was super excited.  I had read all the books by him.  This book is nothin like the Red Pyramids or the Percy Jackson series.  One day Jason wakes up on the school bus with no memory of how he got there.  He was holding hands with a pretty girl called Piper.  When he started talking to Piper she said We are at wilderness school silly.  Where going to the grand canyon.  When they got there Jason went up to the teacher whose name was coach Hedge.  While they were talking they noticed a hudge storm coming.  Almost everyone made it inside except Piper and coach Hedge.  It turns out there was a monster in the group.  The monster fought Piper one of their best friends Leo and Jason.  The monster escaped taking coach Hedge with him.  Piper fell down the grand canyon and Jason dived in after her.  He grabbed her and discovered he could fly.  While they were soaring up.  A chariott arives with a girl called annabeth and another guy.  Annabeth was devastated that she had not found Percy there.  Percy Jackson had dissappeared 3 days ago without leaving a trace.  No one had seen him since.  Annabeth put Leo Piper and Jason into the carrige and while they were going to camp there adventure began.
B00008IHN1|4.0|Loved the drumming -- didn't think the story line was great but better than some of the stuff on TV!! Lots of kids and color -- nothing naughty or inappropriate.  Good video!!
0920668372|5.0|I remember my mother reading this book to my brother and I when we were kids it was my favorite and it still is.  When I had my babies I got this book for them.  It is a wonderful story about how much a mother loves her child no matter what.  A must have for everyone.
B002ZG98UA|2.0|Like a zombie, this franchise just won't die. This is the fourth in the live action movie series. It kicks off like the Matrix with characters wearing slick black and sunglasses indoors. The main villain speaks and looks like Agent Smith from the Matrix trilogy. The bulk of the movie seems taken from Alien 3 with the cast of survivors stuck in an abandon prison.    Mila Jovovich is back as Alice (superhuman heroine), Ali Larter is back as Claire (emotionless heroine), and the guy from Prison Break is her brother Chris Redfield. All of your stereotypes are in the cast. Beautiful ninja, girl without a memory, big talking African American, snaky soldier, paranoid jerk, emotionless villain, bland survivor, and so on.    The movie isn't scary; it's an action movie with moments that startle you out of the blue instead of building up suspense. There's atmosphere everywhere, so I give credit to their set makers and director of photography. From dark, torch lit areas, color faded Alaska, gritty, destroyed Los Angeles and sleek polished underground labs; it all looks great. The special effects are good, plenty of computer generated stuff that looks cool.    The first minute kicks off with a zombie attack, but another one isn't seen until 30 minutes later. There's a lot of really dull waiting around through a lot of the movie.  Not suspenseful waiting around, literal waiting around. There are a few video monologs from the heroine that felt like failed attempts to sell desperation. A lot of things feel like a failure, like if they can trust a locked up Chris Redfield. He felt blatantly trustable from the start.    Another huge negative is after the first fifteen minutes of crazy action (stolen straight out of the Matrix lobby scene), Alice catches up to the main villain and well, he doesn't walk away. It felt like a nice ending to the movie (like the atom bomb in Indiana Jones: Kingdom of the Crystal Skull), but then it goes on for another 80 minutes.    The Resident Evil movies use a formula that starts the movie where the last one ended, because the previous movie ends with something interesting to begin. I mention this, because if you didn't see the last movie, you'll be completely lost. I've seen the last movie several times and I was even lost. Alice tries to jog Claire's memory by recapping the last movie. It made me think that if Claire doesn't even remember, why would I?    The two heroines spend this movie searching for two things, a safe haven from the zombie apocalypse and a likeable character from the last movie. Unfortunately aside from a brief 5 second flashback, you don't get to know who the character is, other than her name is K-Mart. Sure it's a clever name, but maybe more movies should have characters sponsored by companies. Like NASCAR.    I can't say this was a disappointment, because I didn't expect much, just some unbelievable and laughable moments. That's exactly what I got.
B002VPE1WK|4.0|This bag is great value if you are somewhat price sensitive like me.  I use mine for a Canon D90, 200, 300 and 50mm lenses, lens filters, speed light, filters for the speed light, spare battery, remote etc. I also carry the factory manual and another D90 book in the front pockets.    My only reason for giving a 4 star instead of 5 is that the zippers are fully exposes and therefore not water resistant / proof.  If there was a flap covering the zipper I'd probably give 5 stars.  The construction and internals feel a little on the cheap side, but I've taken this on a number of trips now and it shows no sign of wear and tear, so perhaps its tougher than I first thought.    Compared to other similar bags, this is a great price.  I'd buy it again.    Brian
030746363X|5.0|Loved this book! Brought together lots of info and took it to the top. Easy read and very usuable approaches. The pics are diffucult to see on an ereader, but the internet links are many and great. Besides, you've got to love a guy that is so commited to health, pleasure and play.
B0015ABRE2|5.0|Season three was full of twists and turns for me, I kept thinking one think would happen, or that one person was the killer and then they weren't!
B000E5N6LG|3.0|Yes, there are times during this marathon 3-hour biopic you the viewer are actually engaged in the story of one of the Old West's most famous lawmen, WYATT EARP; unfortunately, those times are few and far between, lodged solidly inside what can only be construed as a rambling, often incoherent, celluloid mess.  And it's a shame, because WYATT EARP offers lots of star power and Mr. Earp himself lived one most interesting life (as did his many brothers); yet again, unfortunately, the positives don't translate consistently, making this film perpetually flirt with becoming a yawn fest.<br /><br />Kevin Costner is stoic in the lead role.  Nothing wrong with that; from all accounts Earp himself was one and the same.  And (by and large) I have no problems with David Andrews, Michael Madsen, and Linden Ashby as Earp brothers James, Virgil, and Morgan.  What does bug me is Gene Hackman getting top tier billing for barely being in the movie, Mark Harmon in a howler role as impotent sheriff Johnny Behan, and an emaciated Dennis Quaid belching out an uber Southern accent as pistol-wielding Doc Holliday.  The Earp wives serve nothing more than to whine and complain when Wyatt talks his brothers into a new change of scenery, and you need a scorecard to keep up with all the various Tombstone villains, who aren't vetted and run in and out of the Arizona sequences in a most confusing manner.<br /><br />Despite all the flaws WYATT EARP is finely crafted, has an authentic look and feel, and you can't go totally wrong with a stunning Joanna Going (she's got me going) as Wyatt's eventual soulmate, Josephine Marcus.  It was bad timing this film came out only a few months after its counterpart, [[ASIN:B00005RHGL Tombstone]], was released; 'Tombstone' had more of a gritty, determined edge, and is flat out the better Earp movie.  WYATT EARP sure has potential; it just can't get out of its own way.<br />--D. Mikels, Author, The Reckoning
B001AQT0UY|5.0|An unexpected choice, but a classic scary Christmas movie nonetheless, Gremlins has held up surprisingly well. The actual Gremlins are too frightening for the youngest children, but it's a great film for families with older kids or adults who enjoy pratfalls and special effects.
B0043KK4N6|5.0|I Went to see Burlesque twice at Regal Cinema and fell in love with it. The picture was great, the acting was great and the screenplay was very clever. But the thing that got me was the booming music that dazzeled the audience and shook the room. Christina Aguilera's voice is perfect and I dont even consider this movie to be a musical. It's more of a comedy/drama that christina happened to sing in.<br /><br />The soundtrack I bought was in perfect condition (no problems or disappointments)and im happy to say this soundtrack is in my top 10 favorites. Burlesque's music is so amazing!!!
B001UV4XFG|5.0|My mom, sister-in-law, and I are all avid Twilight fans, so I made them very happy with this movie gift-wrapped under the tree this Christmas!
B003E8P9G0|5.0|i was thinking that the last books in this series and the series with the book the lost hero should combine. the journey that the lost hero characters take should make them meet the characters from this series so they can battle their enemies together because their enemies have joined forces. basically the two series should collide in an action packed thriller where the characters change the history of the worlds. from,   Brandon Kyle Johnson (a huge fan who is thinking of ideas for my own series.)
B002ZG9846|5.0|the best comic book adaptation movie of 2010! excellent box nice artbook with blu-ray, DVD and DVD Copy to take your movie on your smart phone or on your portable game! VERY NICE I recommend
B00005OM4K|5.0|This box set is great each CD has all the great songs on it.  Can't wait to get on the boat this summer and listen to it while cruising.
B002N5N5LG|5.0|This show is amazing! I was a bit wary when it first came out, but I got over it quickly. As community college graduate, I found a lot of silly little things in the show which perfectly summed up my goofy community college experience.
B002ZG99A4|2.0|With all the good press and hype this movie got I was was pretty stoked on seeing it. But wow I kind of walked away scratching my head thinking this wasn't that great of a movie. At some points in the movie your wondering if the actors ever said you really want me to say this? Cause you can't help but roll your eyes at what is being said or shift in your seat cause it's that painful. The action is alright, some really over the top gore to it. All in all I would skip this one, I don't even think it would of helped it if it was released in the 80s.
B002ZG981E|4.0|This item was priced reasonably and was delivered in a timely fashion for Christmas.    The movie it self, though production value was invested, was hard to follow, both because it jumped around a lot and because many scenes were dark and hard to see details of what was going on.    It wasn't anything like what I anticipated from the coming attractions shown on TV.  Worth a watch, but I think I'd rent it instead
B002ZG97E2|5.0|This is a great film.  I went into it thinking it was going to be cheesy and predictable, something like a bad guy inheriting his dead sister's kids or something like that, filled with saccharine-y images throughout.  I was happy to be proven wrong.  That he acquires the little girls because of his own self-serving super villain motives is actually appropriate and believable to his character in the beginning.  There is a lot of character development in Gru and you see how he was affected by his mother's indifference to his achievements in life.  It is a cautionary tale to parents to realize something as subtle as not looking up at the new picture they drew can be hurtful to our children.  The girls are voiced beautifully and very entertaining.  Little Agnes stole all our hearts.  The real stars of the show, however, are the minions.  And the minion madness clips never get old.  My children will continue to watch them and laugh hysterically.  This movie is totally worth it!
1400079144|2.0|After having read 'the Da Vinci Code', I started reading this book with a lot of expectation.  But almost all parts of the book were very similar to the last book Dan Brown had written.  So I do not expect more interesting books to this author.    First of all, the villain is again a bizarre charactor.  And the development in the case is also so similar that I could easily imagine the next scene.   In 'the Da Vinci Code' Sophie is a kind of woman who seems to bring some love romance.  In this book, Katherine plays a similar role.    But the last part of this book has an unpredictable development.  I can enjoy the last part.    I think of this book as a mystery one.  That's why the too long description about how Langdon thinks of god in the last part is meaningless and boring.    Lastly this book reads very well. I can read through very fast.  So I gave it two stars.
B003L20IJM|5.0|I was pleasantly surprised at how well I liked this movie.  I should preface by saying when I took my children to see this I had not seen the first movie.  I and my children loved the film, and I found it so poignant, I did even cry at the end.  The lessons the children must learn:  Don't fight, Share, Work Together, Be Brave and Have Faith are uplifting and inspiring.  There is real character development which is a rare trait in movies today.  I did end up seeing the first movie and while I did enjoy it, I felt this movie told a far better story.  If you like movies with deeper meaning, character development and wonderful moral lessons simply presented for children, then this movie will not disappoint you!
B001PSXDZA|4.0|I first read Breakfast of Champions when I was a freshman in college.  At that time I found it inspiring and very, very funny and it inspired me to change the world--I just read it again (thirty five years later), and while I still found it entertaining it left me flat. Reading it as an older individual; it appears to me that Mr.Vonnegut's imagination was flowing in an idealistic river and looking for a utopia to moor his boat. As a young man with great dreams it all seemed so wonderful, but as an \\"upper' middle aged man, I realize that there are no utopias and maybe that is what his message was at the time and I missed it.  But I still love Kurt Vonnegut!!  Even if I maybe missed his message--maybe glad I did!
B00000AOUD|5.0|I was thirteen when i first heard this album.  It had just come out and I had already seen it live.  I went to this concert with my new friends from 8th grade, we had just moved from TX to AZ.  I hadn't heard any Tull at this time.  They started with the new album.  There were costumes, funny sketches, pratfalls all worked seamlessly into \\"Thick as a Brick\\".  Ian Anderson, the singer/songwriter for the band, was the most charismatic  presence I had ever seen in my short life.  Spinning gracefully, conducting with bold, dramatic gestures of his flute held wand like in his hand.  About an hour in and after recognizing a repeat of an earlier bit of music, I leaned to one of new friends and said \\"Hey I think this is the same song\\", \\"No\\" he said, \\"They are just not stopping between songs.\\"  I knew better but why argue?  I just sat back and enjoyed the show.  They played that one song for an hour and a half and all of it was amazing.  I've been a fan ever since.
0140042520|5.0|After rereading this book as an adult I think I truly get it this time - Kerouac wrote this book about Gary Snyder (named Japhy Ryder here) and he learns a great deal from him. He tries to follow in his path, and he does to a certain extent, but the partying and the booze are his downfall.    I read that after this book, years later, when Snyder returned from the monastery in Japan, Kerouac chose not to meet with him again \\"I'd be ashamed to confront . . . Gary now I've become so decadent and drunk and dontgiveashit. I'm not a Buddhist any more.\\"     Sad ending for Jack. I think he realized this and hints at it throughout the novel.    Also, I think that if Jack were around today he'd definitely be an REI member - he was really into his gear, especially his rucksack.
030746363X|5.0|Great book, easy to read and very informative. The workouts are kept simple and non-time consuming which is great for people like me who don't have the time to make huge changes in their daily routine.  Tim keeps things real from mostly a neutral point of view. This book was interesting and well worth the $15. Five Star
B0046MOVD0|4.0|But clearly the set up for the next film.<br /><br />RESIDENT EVIL:  AFTERLIFE is the fourth installment in the Resident Evil series of zombie flicks, picking up about a year after the end of the last movie.  The earth is still a barren waste land, the unaffected population is becoming smaller and smaller, and to make matters worse, the zombies are mutating, becoming even more deadly.  Alice has struck out on her own and is still searching for vestiges of untainted humans.  The ever-present, all-invasive, and insidiously evil Umbrella Corporation is still after Alice, her powers are still a threat to them, and she is the one remaining force that might still bring them down and save humanity.<br /><br />While the storylines are getting predictable, RESIDENT EVIL:  AFTERLIFE is still a monster-bashing, gore-filled zombie flick which has enough surprises to keep its audience interested.  The special effects are amazing, and the Resident Evil franchise can still boast that they have the coolest decapitations on record.  And RESIDENT EVIL:  AFTERLIFE clearly ups the ante in this area, bringing decapitations to even new heights.  (There's a sentence I never thought I would think, let alone write!)  Additionally, there is more slo-mo per capita here, than in any movie I've seen to date!  Talk about your Matrix effect!  I can only imagine what RESIDENT EVIL:  AFTERLIFE looked like in 3-D.  It must have been awesome.<br /><br />As noted above, the ending leaves you hanging, yet clearly signals that the next film is on the way.  If you like good, old fashioned B horror flicks, RESIDENT EVIL:  AFTERLIFE and the rest of the Resident Evil franchise are films for you.  I know that I, personally, am already looking forward to the next flick.  Hopefully, the unanswered questions will finally be resolved.  And if they aren't, I can confidently predict that there will be another totally innovative and completely unique decapitation.
B00005N6KG|5.0|Bought two - one for my dad and one for myself. I had a similar pair in high school over 10 years ago, but that was wayyy more durable; I could feel that it was not as thick as my old pair. Anyway, we both needed workout headphones and I am happy to say that I am able to run longer with fewer annoyances with the ears falling out.    One thing, though...has anyone else had problems with static? On some treadmills and other random times I'd keep getting shocked in the ears. NOT. FUN.    Anyway, I think it's worth it. Will replace as needed in the future.
1433523930|5.0|Don't be mistaken...this Bible is huge! It is much bigger than the regular print edition. But still this is the high quality that one would expect from the Bible.
0553805371|3.0|Hawking, helped here by Leonard Mlodinow, is one of the most interesting minds of the last century, able to not only envision broad concepts most folks can't wrap their minds around but also able to articulate them so ordinary folks CAN wrap their minds around them. His seminal work [[ASIN:0553380168 A Brief History of Time]] is a perfect example of that.    Enter The Grand Design, a science book posing as a philosophy book, or a philosophy book posing as a science book, or, most accurate of all, an attempt to merge the two schools of thought and show that science is a legitimate route to a philosophical understanding of our universe.    Heady stuff indeed.    But not presented in a heady manner.    The question is, does it work? Sometimes. But only sometimes. Hawking essentially wants to wipe out the idea of philosophy and of the Big Questions, insisting that science can and should serve to fill that need. His case is unfortunately thin and, if I may be so bold, lacking in imagination. He wants us to know that \\"philosophy is dead,\\" but the case he makes is less than compelling.    The science portion of this book is another matter altogether. Hawking again presents complex physics in a way approachable to people otherwise not steeped in the subject matter. It's a great introduction to some huge ideas and even huger concepts. The book is stunningly illustrated, too, helping bring home some difficult concepts to understand. It's even more approachable than A Brief History of Time.    The Grand Design is far from perfect and stumbles a bit when it waxes too philosophical, but when it focuses on being an approachable book on complex physics it hits the mark.
B002JH3TW8|5.0|I just upgraded from a 2007 MacBook to a 2010 MacBook Pro. The ports are different, and I needed a connector for my Firewire 400 external hard drives as the new laptop has a Firewire 800 port. Simple product, works like a charm. It's like nothing's different in accessing the files on the HDs, and there was no complication with \\"installation\\" at all. Great device!
B0041KKYBA|5.0|This movie covers it all in regards to the Economic Collapse of 2008 and shows ALL complicit parties. It's honest and factual - if you're not furious after wathcing it, you're either a wall street banker, one of our currupt politicians, a lobbyist or someone who just wasn't paying attention...
B00447G2PM|4.0|Es en verdad un muy buen ejemplo de la capacidad 3D, yo disfrute de este documental en mi TV sony 3D de 60 pulgadas y en realidad es fantastico el efecto de profundidad que genera el 3D, lo unico negativo es la corta duracion de la pelicula aproximadamente 40 minutos, por lo buena que es me hubiese gustado que durara un poco mas.      Recomiendo esta pelicula para todos los amantes de la tecnologia 3D, les gustara.-
B002ECJZ76|5.0|The most beautiful Christmas story ever. Makes you belive that Santa Claus exist. One of the most beautiful places on earth!
030746363X|4.0|I'm read the introductory chapters and skimmed the rest, and so far I'm a fan of the general concepts.  I don't see myself getting into much of the \\"Superhuman\\" aspects of the 4HB, and I'm not particularly interested in the debates raging about how true or applicable or potentially harmful some of these suggestions may be.    I have liked the very simple changes (i.e., Just Change Breakfast) the most.  The \\"Slow Carb Diet\\" chapter alone has been worth the price of the book.  I'm down 6 lbs. since Christmas and already feel a difference in my energy level.    It's a true companion to the 4-Hour Workweek.  I applied 2 chapters of that book (mostly ignoring the rest) to change my approach to work for the better.  I expect a similar experience with the 4HB (and maybe 6-pack abs to boot).
B00280LYIC|5.0|I loved it! I was a little skeptical at first, but there was never a dull moment while reading! Highly Recommend!
B0042JTDXK|5.0|Josh Groban has a huge fanbase worldwide who love him whatever he does - but even they will confess that the music has gotten a bit \\"samey\\"  - it goes with the territory.  He is in huge demand for concert tours so has minimal time to source and prepare new material.  So what a welcome change this cd is!!!  He takes chances, he plays instrumental tracks, and we are initiated into so many more levels of his artistry.  I loved it on first hearing and am going back again and again for more.  His voice is less nasal than on some of his previous cd's (particularly \\"Live at the Greek\\") and the interpretation of each song seems more thoughtfully evolved. We all need a change now and again and this change of recording engineer/record producer has really done him a lot of good - in my opinion!
030746363X|5.0|Ex professional hockey player here. I have spent nearly my entire life training for my sport and taking care of my body with the best available research. Nearly all trainers and physicians have their own ideas and rationale behind. This book takes a ton of differing ideas and combines them into an easy to follow menu for personal health all the way through intense training regimens. Wish I had this available during my playing days. Nowhere have I ever found a more thorough review of core concepts and how small changes can account for massive physiological effects. Whether you want to lose weight or run a marathon or are just curious as to how the body works, this book has it all. 5 stars for Mr. Ferriss. Highly recommended read.
B002VPE1WK|4.0|Bought this for my wife for Christmas and she loves it. If you're not a professional this bag seems to work great, if you are I'm sure you already have your super expensive monster bag. I would buy it again.
B000AGTPUU|5.0|I thought my 5 yr old would not be able to sit through this movie. He just loves it. My mother gave it to him before Christmas and I was worried he'd think too much about a kid not believing in Santa. Luckily, he just loves the movie and I had nothing to worry about.
B002UZXJA6|5.0|This is beautiful music that is reminescent of the beautiful music we had in the 50's that is still being played today.
B003UERZ88|1.0|This CD just sucks only track 9 & \\"The Mower\\" are worth listing to clearly Rob has lost it and this CD proves it. I only hope that he got this crap out of his system so maybe the next Priest CD will have something if it's like \\"Suckradamus\\" we're all in trouble.
0307272702|5.0|This book is like the field guide to the Good Calories Bad Calories \\"text book\\". There was soooo much solid info in Good Calories, Bad Calories, it was just hard to remember and site it all while trying to have meaningful and educated conversations. Why We Get Fat is a shorter, easier to read version of that and I love it!     As a chef and nutritionist many people have asked my \\"secrets\\" to staying lean and what I eat on a regular basis. I tell them over and over again that it's no secret, that all they have to do is cut out the refined carbs and sugars, (or just no carbs in general depending on the severity of their problems). They don't even have to excersise! And yet, the responses I get drive me crazy! \\"But I can't live without my ..... (fill in the blank here: pasta, bread, donuts, etc)\\" \\"I don't have time to excersise\\" \\"I don't understand how you do it! I can't seem to eat a single meal without at least bread and butter.\\" What they don't seem to get is that I don't deprive myself at all. I still eat bread, muffins, cakes, pies, pastas, etc...I just eat Gluten Free and Soy Free versions of these and I only eat them occasionally. Every morning I have 2 eggs any way I choose (scrambled, over easy, etc) and at least 3 slices of bacon with the occasional yogurt (plain with my own fruit added to control additives and sugar) and a large glass of milk. I stay full from this meal for hours. For lunch I have either leftovers from the night before or tuna and brown rice crackers. At Dinner I have a meat and either 2 vegetables or a small portion (less than the size of my fist) of potatoes or rice or quinoa. I eat the meat and veggie first, saving the carb for last as I'm usually so full by then I can't eat the carb. Later on, for a snack, I have some fruit, or some yogurt, or a small dessert (ice cream, cookies, etc) or a small bowl of popcorn. Throughout the day I snack on nuts and veggies.     The same people that ask me for help, but refuse to change are amazed thatI'm always cramming some kind of food down my gullet yet never gain a pound. If they'd just follow the recommendations presented in these books they'd never have a problem. It is insanely frustrating to me that the \\"experts\\" on the morning shows and Biggest Loser and such are so fixated on the \\"calories in/out\\" model that they don't pay attention to reason or science. They say things like \\"If you just have a half a bagel w/cheese for breakfast and crackers for snack and a sandwich for lunch with pasta for dinner, but you starve in the meantime because the portions are so small you'll be fine\\" Anyone that's tried to follow this crap knows it's not true. I even tried it myself before going gluten and soy free and I couldn't do it. I got so ravenous by dinner time that I'd fill up on chips and not eat much dinner no matter how good or bad it was.    So, while it may no be people's lack of will power to stick to a gym regiment that makes them fat; I've found that it's their lack of belief in cold hard facts and their lack of willpower to overcome the Carb Addiction that makes them fat and miserable. If I could force everyone I meet to read this book, Good Calories, Bad Calories; and The Whole Soy Story I would and the world would be better because of it. But, instead I'm stuck simply relaying the info and hoping people change. If you have the choice, read these books! Arm yourself with knowledge and be all the more happier and healthier because of it!    (Ps: Way to go Gary Taubes! Keep them coming as I can't get enough!)
B00139W3NE|5.0|I was truly disappointed that this film did not do so well in theaters. Aside from an abruptly cut sequel-intended ending (my only complaint about this film and the main reason I believe this film suffered), the casting was perfect, the visual effects were stunning and the storyline kept in line with the spirit of the book. I bought the DVD and it is among my favorite fantasy films, much better than anything in the Narnia series.
B002N5N5M0|5.0|OMG!!!! This is the smartest show on TV hands down! Each new season of Dexter is better than last, which seems impossible.
0312600844|3.0|I have a hard time with a book where I don't like any of the characters.  Yes, Franzen is a good writer and he maintains continuity for 562 pages, no small feat.  The vocabulary is interesting and I learned things about  conservation but I just didn't care about the characters.  To me they weren't complex and well fleshed out;  they were disagreeable.  Additionally, and I admit this is a small thing, but when talking about Ingrid Bergman's \\"love child\\", Franzen mistakenly identified her as Isabella Rossellini.  Isabella and her twin sister were born 2 years after the boy he is referring to.      I'm glad I read the book but I never have to read another Franzen again.  Too much effort but too little reward.
030746363X|5.0|It really works, thanks Tim.   I lost nearly 5kg in 8 days, just by following the simple diet in the book. The eggs and the spinach for breakfast took a bit of getting used to but now I almost look forward to them. Just had my first \\"all you eat junk food day\\" and really went crazy. It was surprisingly easy to get back to my diet the day afterwards.   I highly recommend this book
B002ZG97EC|4.0|I was surprised at how much I liked this movie. Watched it with the family and all really seemed to enjoy it.
1416583432|5.0|What's it like to be a dog? Ethologist Alexandra Horowitz seeks to answer this question in her New York Times Bestseller, Inside of a Dog. By exploring what German biologist Jakob Von Uxekull called the Umwelt, the subjective self-world, Horowitz delves into how dogs experience the world through their senses and their comparatively shorter stature to help us understand our dogs better.<br /><br />Okay - so we all know dogs have a stronger sense of smell and they hear better than we do, and we may have heard they're color blind (they're not). But Horowitz digs much deeper into each of these areas, and explains not only the differences in detail, but also their implications. Using scientific studies about dogs, personal observations, and studies about other animals where none exist about dogs, the author weaves a narrative that exlains the history of dogs, (No investigation of the dog can go without a look into their ancestry, and this book includes information both about wolves and the famous fox study started in 1959 by Dmitry Belyaev, and which continues to this day),<br />How dogs perceive the world and learn - and the subjects that science simply does not address - the questions it doesn't ask, the questions we so desperately want the answers to.<br /><br />While the material is scientific, it's also personal and well written. No matter how many dog books you've read before, I hazard to say you'll learn some surprising new things about:<br /><br />Anthropomorphization<br />Why no training method is proven<br />That \\"guilty\\" look your dog displays<br />Why the wolf pack theory (and related training and dog rearing methods) are off the mark<br />Why dogs mark<br />Barking<br /><br />Loved it and recommend to every dog lover I know!
B0044XV3QY|4.0|This one you have to watch in Blu-ray and the larger the screen the better. My wife & I set our chairs in front of our 65\\" TV & cranked up the surround sound. Great affects
B000AMJC2K|5.0|My wife and I live in a small apartment, and have the computer in our room. This desktop monitor mount allows us to raise or lower the screen so we can watch movies from bed, yet folds back up for use from the desk. It's great! I'm glad I got it.    I was amazed at how much it adjusts and rotates. The arm as certain settings to click into, but the rest is your imagination how you want to move the monitor around. I didn't try to loosen anything. It was pretty tight when I got it, but after a couple weeks of use it moves just fine.
B001HN6940|4.0|It arrived in a timely manner and in perfect shape. I love the movie. If I had to purchase again I would seriously think about, or least check into, getting the set with the digital copy. Though I am very please with this copy. I have watched it at least 3 times since I purchased it. And even watched some of the extras on behind the scenes. Would very much recommend.
030746363X|5.0|Tim Ferriss has done a great job of compiling some interesting results that he yielded throughout the past decade.  Whether your a beginner in weight loss/exercise or a seasoned veteran you'll enjoy this page turner!  I am slowly implementing a few of the techniques and have already seen results in my week and half with just a few of the diet changes.<br /><br />Good Luck and enjoy your journey!
B002ZG981E|4.0|Make sure you have all your popcorn and have gone to the bathroom before you start watching this. If you leave you will get lost. I am not a Leonardo DiCaprio fan but loved this movie. You pick up something new each time you watch it.
B0010SKUYM|5.0|I have never read a more wonderful debut from an author.  This book is extremely well written by a master word smith.  The story unfolds perfectly and once you start you will not be able to put it down.  This story makes you care for the main protagonist unlike anything I have ever read.  Anyone who is a fan of fantasy or just a fan of good writing will need to get this book.  You will not be disappointed.  I can not wait for the next installment.
030746363X|5.0|A lot of reviews criticize this book for not including more details about areas that they know a lot about themselves.  I didn't see this book as the be all end all- as Tim Ferriss was an expert in all these areas.  Instead, it is a springboard or rather a schmorgessboard of ideas that have worked for him.  Not the final answers but good ones for him and possibly for you.  Despite his massive self experimentation- you do have to experiment on yourself.  Your physiology and genetics are going to be different but his approach to self experimentation is great- you have to be a good test dummy and good at tracking your results.    Many of the sources and ideas he presents are ones I've discovered before and work well for me.  The slow carb diet, anything related to Pavel Tsatsouline, and luckily orgasms don't evade me.  But there were so many things I either didn't know about or had heard but not investigated like the equosque method or dexascan.  I love the four horsemen.  Been on them for a week and am in love with how I feel despite my workout schedule.  There is not just the basic info he give in the short chapters but a lot that he hints at without spelling out completely- but he gives you enough clues that you can follow it and find answers if you want more.    The one thing I have a hard time with is balance in my workouts.  I'm not trying workout to \\"look good\\"- I'm working out because I love fighting and the mental chess.  I do juijitsu 10Xweek (morning and evening) and throw in boxing and muy thai a few hours.  I was having trouble working in the weights but adding the lentils and four horsemen, and doing just the swings 3X a week have been great.  I recover better and don't get so wiped out.  That says a lot since I am a 38 yr old female who is tiny.    The book isn't going to be a \\"bible\\" but let it be a very smart search engine- pointing you to smart answers instead of just any old answer.
6305754969|4.0|Released in 1967, Howard Hawks' &#34;El Dorado&#34; is an obvious reworking of his 1959 hit &#34;Rio Bravo,&#34; both starring John Wayne, yet &#34;El Dorado&#34; is not a remake, as some claim.<br /><br />The similarities are undeniable: Both films were shot in Old Tucson, Arizona (substituting for West Texas); both feature the same four general protagonists with John Wayne in the starring role, although he's not the Sheriff in this one; both involve the four protagonists staving off owlhoots intent on freeing a prisoner from the town jail (in this case, played by Edward Asner); and both feature a beautiful saloon-type female. Other than that these are different stories altogether with different characters.<br /><br />Of the two I prefer &#34;El Dorado.&#34; It's more eventful and less of an Old West soap opera and is therefore more accessible to the average viewer. &#34;Rio Bravo&#34;, by contrast, is a unique cult Western; it has its own special vibe and the viewer has to adjust to appreciate it. Plus &#34;Rio Bravo&#34; is (naturally) more dated compared to &#34;El Dorado.&#34; It seems like Hawks learned a thing or two from the less traditional Westerns put out in the 60s starting with Brando's outstanding &#34;One-Eyed Jacks&#34; in 1961, the obvious precursor to the Spaghetti Western.<br /><br />POSITIVES:<br /><br />- &#34;El Dorado&#34; features a really good old Western tune during the opening credits. - Although &#34;El Dorado&#34; primarily takes place in the titular town (actually Old Tucson) there are quite a number of scenes that take place elsewhere, unlike &#34;Rio Bravo&#34; where the entire story takes place in the town. - Robert Mitchum is arguably better than Dean Martin as the drunkard; maybe because acting was his primary profession. - James Caan (father of Scott Caan) is superior to Ricky Nelson as the younger sidekick/deputy. Caan has a likable charisma whereas Nelson was okay but bland by comparison. Like the Mitchum/Martin comparison this may be due to the fact that Caan is an actor by profession rather than a singer trying to act. - Charlene Holt is arguably superior to Angie Dickinson. They both have &#34;Whoa, Mama&#34; boudoir scenes; compare for yourself. - &#34;El Dorado&#34; has two prominent babes whereas &#34;Rio Bravo&#34; only had one. Michele Carey stands out as the rancher's shapely daughter Joey. - There's great camaraderie between the main protagonists, particularly Wayne & Caan and Wayne & Mitchum. - Lastly, Arthur Hunnicutt is superior to the annoying Walter Brennan in the similar role.<br /><br />NEGATIVES:<br /><br />- The first half is better than the second half wherein the story settles down to events in the town, mostly at the Sheriff's office/jail. - In the second half the characters come off more cartoonish & stagy than real at times. This was a flaw that was being worked out of the Western in the 60s as verified by more reality-based films like &#34;One-Eyed Jacks&#34; and &#34;Duel at Diablo.&#34; This problem was largely removed from Hawks' last (sort of) reworking of &#34;Rio Bravo,&#34; 1970's &#34;Rio Lobo&#34;, but not completely purged. - There's some real eye-rolling dialogue between Cole Thorton (Wayne) and the gunslinger played by Christopher George. They talk about the four (or so) fastest quick draws in the West and wonder who's faster between the two of 'em. It's juvenile & cartoony and, needless to say, totally unrealistic.<br /><br />FINAL WORD: &#34;El Dorado&#34; is an entertaining John Wayne Western. It has that special 'something' that makes it click, particularly the first half before it takes the quasi-&#34;Rio Bravo&#34; route. Robert Mitchum, James Caan, Charlene Holt and Michele Carey are exceptional co-stars.<br /><br />The film runs 126 minutes.<br /><br />GRADE: Bctor by profession rather than a singer trying to act. - Charlene Holt is arguably superior to Angie Dickinson. They both have &#34;Whoa, Mama&#34; boudoir scenes; compare for yourself. - &#34;El Dorado&#34; has two prominent babes whereas &#34;Rio Bravo&#34; only had one. Michele Carey stands out as the rancher's shapely daughter Joey. - There's great camaraderie between the main protagonists, particularly Wayne & Caan and Wayne & Mitchum. - Lastly, Arthur Hunnicutt is superior to the annoying Walter Brennan in the similar role.   NEGATIVES:  - The first half is better than the second half wherein the story settles down to events in the town, mostly at the Sheriff's office/jail. - In the second half the characters come off more cartoonish & stagy than real at times. This was a flaw that was being worked out of the Western in the 60s as verified by more reality-based films like &#34;One-Eyed Jacks&#34; and &#34;Duel at Diablo.&#34; This problem was largely removed from Hawks' last (sort of) reworking of &#34;Rio Bravo,&#34; 1970's &#34;Rio Lobo&#34;, but not completely purged. - There's some real eye-rolling dialogue between Cole Thorton (Wayne) and the gunslinger played by Christopher George. They talk about the four (or so) fastest quick draws in the West and wonder who's faster between the two of 'em. It's juvenile & cartoony and, needless to say, totally unrealistic.  FINAL WORD: &#34;El Dorado&#34; is an entertaining John Wayne Western. It has that special 'something' that makes it click, particularly the first half before it takes the quasi-&#34;Rio Bravo&#34; route. Robert Mitchum, James Caan, Charlene Holt and Michele Carey are exceptional co-stars.  The film runs 126 minutes.   GRADE: B
B003UYUQZW|4.0|An orphan boy is adopted by a King, and as a grown man is later implicated in the King's murder. He teams with a beautiful princess, with whom he seeks to clear his name while keeping a dagger with mystical powers out of the hands of those who would use it for evil means. This effects-laden film is satisfying due to the chemistry between the two leads and a story line that is coherent and engaging.
0385342047|1.0|When I found the first \\"Confessions of a Shopaholic\\" novel, shortly after it was released in the U.S., I loved it so much I read it in an afternoon, laughing out loud several times while I did so, and then immediately shared it with all my friends.<br /><br />With each successive sequel to her wildly popular best-seller, Sophia Kinsella has made Becky Bloomwood less and less likable and her character more and more cardboard. I read the last few squeals almost begrudgingly (they really went off the rails with \\"Shopaholic and Sister\\") and had no plans to read \\"Mini-Shopaholic\\" at all until it was given to me for Christmas.<br /><br />Well, I wish I would have stuck to my guns. Kinsella seems unable to find a way to continue the story with a finally mature Bloomwood and has succeeded in making a once beloved and relatable character, whose flaws were certainly exaggerated for laughs but still rooted in the realm of reality, into a despicable malcontent, dangerously poor parent and pathological liar for whom any reader's first instinct should be: this chick clearly needs some serious professional help.<br /><br />Despite a boatload of happy endings, and supposed lessons learned, Kinsella has kept her heroine a clueless and frequently cruel spendthrift whose justifications for over-shopping seem lamer and more stupid with each successive book. In real life, Bloomwood wouldn't have any friends, let alone a doting husband and parents, with her constantly wasteful and excessive ways, not to mention the endless deceit used to cover up her purchases. And we're supposed to find it endearing she's dumping all of these excesses on her wildly spoiled, obviously out of control daughter? Umm, not so much.<br /><br />I'm not expecting sound economic advice from my frothy chick lit, and Bloomwood has always been an intentionally over-the-top character, but you do need to at least not despise the main character in order to enjoy the mindless fun. In the original Shopaholic books, Bloomwood may have been a ditzy disaster, but she always had a good heart, and you had no problem rooting for her. In this effort, I was hoping child services would come for her barely cared for but well-dressed child, and her husband's payback for an out of control surprise party would be to serve Becky with divorce papers.<br /><br />This book reads more like an episode of \\"Intervention\\" or \\"Hoarders\\" prequel than a light, fun story. Are we supposed to feel sorry for Bloomwood as she fills every inch of her permissive parents home with unneeded goods and hidden purchases?<br />Or giggle at the wanton avarice for frequently named-dropped designer goods she acquires while the neighbors babysit her preschooler? Or think it's endearing Becky wants to have another child solely as an excuse to acquire new, ridiculously over-priced baby furniture? Or the fact she can't find the prefect multi-million dollar house to purchase? It's not funny, it's sad and disgusting. (And the can't-find-a-house conceit was also the main plot, besides the baby's birth, in the last Shopaholic novel I read. The \\"sale fell through\\" line at beginning of the book is simply a way to retread yet another tired plot point, in a book that already feels like it's been written on auto-pilot and cobbled together from previous, far better ideas.) And the problems awaiting her daughter--who is written as the world's least appealing child as well as a hugely spoiled brat--seem destined to dwarf even her mother's voracious appetite for over-the-top excess.<br /><br />At this point Kinsella is clearly phoning it in and I hope she finally shreds Bloomwood's credit card for good after this soulless effort. While I can't blame Kinsella--who also writes under her real name, Madeleine Wickham--for trying to make a living, I think she's now officially ridden this dead horse right into the ground.ter, but she always had a good heart, and you had no problem rooting for her. In this effort, I was hoping child services would come for her barely cared for but well-dressed child, and her husband's payback for an out of control surprise party would be to serve Becky with divorce papers.    This book reads more like an episode of \\"Intervention\\" or \\"Hoarders\\" prequel than a light, fun story. Are we supposed to feel sorry for Bloomwood as she fills every inch of her permissive parents home with unneeded goods and hidden purchases?   Or giggle at the wanton avarice for frequently named-dropped designer goods she acquires while the neighbors babysit her preschooler? Or think it's endearing Becky wants to have another child solely as an excuse to acquire new, ridiculously over-priced baby furniture? Or the fact she can't find the prefect multi-million dollar house to purchase? It's not funny, it's sad and disgusting. (And the can't-find-a-house conceit was also the main plot, besides the baby's birth, in the last Shopaholic novel I read. The \\"sale fell through\\" line at beginning of the book is simply a way to retread yet another tired plot point, in a book that already feels like it's been written on auto-pilot and cobbled together from previous, far better ideas.) And the problems awaiting her daughter--who is written as the world's least appealing child as well as a hugely spoiled brat--seem destined to dwarf even her mother's voracious appetite for over-the-top excess.    At this point Kinsella is clearly phoning it in and I hope she finally shreds Bloomwood's credit card for good after this soulless effort. While I can't blame Kinsella--who also writes under her real name, Madeleine Wickham--for trying to make a living, I think she's now officially ridden this dead horse right into the ground.
B003UYV08E|2.0|Robert Downey Jr. returns as the superhero with a new foe, the son of his Father's former partner. This leads to the usual exciting finale of the battle between the hero and the villain. The film lacks the sense of discovery that the first Iron Man had, with Tony Stark's Iron Man now a well-known public figure. The introduction of Scarlett Johansson as a karate expert is a welcome addition to the franchise, as her character kicks some serious booty. Overall, disappointing. The first was much better. Seeing Iron Man put the suit together and emerge as a superhero was what made the original exciting. This one is just a below average action film.
B002ZCY7SW|5.0|The only thing disappointing about this product is that this is the last season that will ever be available to watch!  Complete seasons of 24 are never a disappointment to fans of the series, and the final episodes were very well done.  I highly recommend this product--can't be beat!
B002ZG983M|5.0|A high school kid who is a bit of a misfit tries on a superhero outfit, and before long, he becomes a folk hero. Kick-A**, as he calls himself, encounters a father and daughter who are also in the superhero business. Kick-A** unwittingly becomes involved in the killings of some local drug dealers and the mafia boss goes after him. The movie contains stylized scenes of graphic violence punctuated by dark humor, which make it exciting, funny, and unique. This was a terrific pre-summer treat that will be fun for those who see it.
B0042EJD8A|5.0|If you care anything about the health of the earth and everything that lives on it, you should see this film.  It exposes the dirty side of natural gas drilling.  Hydraulic fracturing may be the dirtiest energy we have.
B000HBK3MM|3.0|Bottom-Line: Overall I enjoy \\"Corinne Bailey Rae,\\" by Corinne Bailey Rae, but only in measured doses thank you.<br /><br />Are you experiencing a new British invasion this time in the form of Soul/R&B performers?  First young blond locked Joss Stone landed on our souls starved shores with two terrific R&B CD's: The Soul Sessions, and Mind, Body & Soul.  Can this girl sing soul or what?!  Now Corinne Bailey Rae has touched down with a different brand of soul; a brand wrapped in the banner of small intimate bar with a well worn stage, and drifting clouds of smoke laced with the music of past virtuosos of the genre.<br /><br />Inspired by artists such as Billie Holiday and Jill Scott, Leeds England, born and raised Corinne Bailey Rae released her self-titled debut album in February 2006.  The CD debuted at No.1 on the British charts and by the end of the year she has scooped up two music awards--the MOBO Awards--in the United Kingdom for Best UK Newcomer and Best UK Female.<br /><br />The album also garnered no less than three 2007 Grammy nominations for: Record of the Year, Song of the Year (both for Put Your Records On; track No. 3), and Best New Artist.  She even performed Like a Star (track No. 1) during the ceremony; you might remember her on-stage providing background vocals for both John Legend and John Mayer.<br /><br />While the music of Corinne Bailey Rae is emotive and soulful; for the most part; it is not forceful and in your face; her style more laid back, and dare I say sleepy.  This is both good and bad; i.e. the two-thirds of her album \\"Corinne Bailey Rae\\" is delightful, fresh, enchanting, but the last third is, well boring; I kept waiting for the album to be over.  By the ninth track I had lost interest because Bailey's voice became--after a time--monotone and lifeless.<br /><br />Soul/R&B has to evoke an emotional response, and like I stated above, the first two-thirds of the album do that, but the overall package leaves me slightly put-off.  To her credit Ms. Bailey's album is delightfully devoid of excessive instrumentation; her voice is laid bare for use to judge and enjoy, but it is voice--not unlike Norah Jones'--that is limited in octave acumen if you will. Her voice is pleasant to listen to for a while but then...<br /><br />Some may compare Corinne Bailey Rae to Sade that other caramel-colored beauty by way of the U.K., but Sade's voice had a unique character all its own that never fails to beg attention and enjoyment.  With time Ms. Bailey could achieve such heights.  Even one the faster tracks such as Put You Records On (track No.3) and track No. 5 Trouble Sleeping, excitement rarely attaches itself to Ms. Bailey's voice.<br /><br />Overall I enjoyed \\"Corinne Bailey Rae,\\" by Corinne Bailey Rae, but only in measured doses thank you.redit Ms. Bailey's album is delightfully devoid of excessive instrumentation; her voice is laid bare for use to judge and enjoy, but it is voice--not unlike Norah Jones'--that is limited in octave acumen if you will. Her voice is pleasant to listen to for a while but then...<br /><br />Some may compare Corinne Bailey Rae to Sade that other caramel-colored beauty by way of the U.K., but Sade's voice had a unique character all its own that never fails to beg attention and enjoyment.  With time Ms. Bailey could achieve such heights.  Even one the faster tracks such as Put You Records On (track No.3) and track No. 5 Trouble Sleeping, excitement rarely attaches itself to Ms. Bailey's voice.<br /><br />Overall I enjoyed \\"Corinne Bailey Rae,\\" by Corinne Bailey Rae, but only in measured doses thank you.
B000ATQYT2|1.0|First I want to clarify my one star rating. The MOVIE is worth more than 5 stars. It is, in my opinion, one of the greatest Christmas movies of all time. And certainly one of my favorites from my childhood. But this DVD only gets 1 star due to unfathomable decisions made by Disney.    I really, really wish I had taken the time to read the reviews before buying this DVD. If I had known that the widescreen version of the film had had the gorgeous song \\"When Love Is Gone\\" cut out I NEVER would have spent my money on this. Sure you can see the song in the fullscreen version, but the image quality is so degraded that it's almost not worth it. It is absolutely ridiculous in this day and age that things like this still occur. Just another atrocious decision by Disney, doing something simply because they can.    I highly recommend not purchasing this DVD. Maybe if people stop buying this then Disney might be forced to release it the way it should be. A movie in it's entirety.    This movie is beautifully done and Disney should have pride in that accomplishment.
B001DEVZUG|4.0|Annie's music is great. All of the necessary \\"greatest hits\\" are there. The only pet peeve I have is the packaging. I prefer the classic jewel case, or in this instance a double jewel case. Jewel cases are easy to replace, and fit in basically all cd rack systems. The over sized cardboard cases ( this isn't one of them ) won't fit my case logic cd60 rack system. I give the cd 4 out of 5 stars because of the packaging only.
030745455X|5.0|This is a great book.  I have read it and the first of the series and now I'm working on the third.
B0045LSIRM|5.0|This CD is just about everything that I wanted. Had attended his Bare Bones concert before ordering this, and would have been happier had all of the songs from the concert been on the CD. Otherwise, it's awesome.
B000002I53|5.0|\\"My Favorite Things\\" is an important milestone in John Coltrane's all-too-brief but indisputably stellar career. It marks the point where, after years of playing second fiddle to Miles Davis, Thelonious Monk and others from whom he learned so much, he finally formed and led his own quartet and began to carve out that distinctive Trane sound. One of the tragedies for 20th century music is that only 7 years later, Trane died of cancer at age 40 whilst still in the full flush of his musical prime.<br /><br />The album contains only four pieces, kicking off with the title track. If you know the cheesy but enormously successful 1965 Rogers and Hammerstein film \\"The Sound of Music\\" and hate it with a passion, don't be put off by the fact that Trane's young quartet lifts one of its best-known songs (in 1960 it was only a stage musical playing on Broadway) as the title-track. Richard Rodgers' original melody is the start-point: the band ups the tempo and re-works the piece with vision and creative brilliance into something extraordinary. Devoid of lyrics, Trane's sublime soprano sax substitutes for the vocal line and alternates with the superlative piano skills of McCoy Tyner to weave a driving, listener-involving improvisation on the basic melody for more than 10 minutes: the result bears little resemblance to the simplistic song from the original musical and reinforces the oft-quoted contention that in jazz, the basic source material can be almost anything and the musician interpreting and improvising on the piece is everything that matters. Listen to this a couple of times and Julie Andrews' Sister Maria will never sound the same again, I promise.<br /><br />\\"Every Time We Say Goodbye\\" calms down the mood with a slower tempo which allows the band to stretch out more. Trane fills this lyrical piece with long cascades of notes, stays close to the melody and at the same time introduces a new dynamic which is (don't mean this to sound pretentious, but...) almost spiritually sublime. He played sax like an expressive singer might use his voice.<br /><br />\\"Summertime\\" follows the style of the title track in upping the tempo of Gershwin's famous tune, infusing energy and dynamic inventiveness. The interplay between the members of the band is most evident here, as everyone joins in the party and becomes involved. Contrast what Trane's quartet does with this piece with Miles' cleaner, more relaxed take on his Gil Evans collaboration \\"Porgy and Bess\\".<br /><br />In \\"But Not for Me,\\" again the tempo is increased and a complex tapestry of improvisation is woven towards darker and moodier territory than usually inhabited by Gershwin's original. As always the band is tight and intuitive, creating the feeling in the listener of a restless soul in self-analysis, interlocking and interplaying until the conflict is resolved.<br /><br />This band sure could play, and they're great to listen to. Relaxing - probably not, but enjoyable and rewarding - definitely. As a counterpoint and compliment to \\"Kind of Blue\\" (the one jazz album everyone in the world should have in their music collection) you couldn't do better. MFT is more insistent, focussed, daring; one feels Trane often has to reel himself in from a kind of spirit-possession to bring these extraordinary and groundbreaking musical journeys to orderly conclusion.<br /><br />There is a story that Trane once asked advice from Miles Davis about the best way to disengage from extensive improvisation on the sax and come back to the melody, how to end the \\"soul possession\\" of the journey and return to ground. Miles is said to have thought for a moment and then, ever the grounded, practical minimalist, famously declared: \\"Just take the mother...... out of your mouth.\\"sublime. He played sax like an expressive singer might use his voice.<br /><br />\\"Summertime\\" follows the style of the title track in upping the tempo of Gershwin's famous tune, infusing energy and dynamic inventiveness. The interplay between the members of the band is most evident here, as everyone joins in the party and becomes involved. Contrast what Trane's quartet does with this piece with Miles' cleaner, more relaxed take on his Gil Evans collaboration \\"Porgy and Bess\\".<br /><br />In \\"But Not for Me,\\" again the tempo is increased and a complex tapestry of improvisation is woven towards darker and moodier territory than usually inhabited by Gershwin's original. As always the band is tight and intuitive, creating the feeling in the listener of a restless soul in self-analysis, interlocking and interplaying until the conflict is resolved.<br /><br />This band sure could play, and they're great to listen to. Relaxing - probably not, but enjoyable and rewarding - definitely. As a counterpoint and compliment to \\"Kind of Blue\\" (the one jazz album everyone in the world should have in their music collection) you couldn't do better. MFT is more insistent, focussed, daring; one feels Trane often has to reel himself in from a kind of spirit-possession to bring these extraordinary and groundbreaking musical journeys to orderly conclusion.<br /><br />There is a story that Trane once asked advice from Miles Davis about the best way to disengage from extensive improvisation on the sax and come back to the melody, how to end the \\"soul possession\\" of the journey and return to ground. Miles is said to have thought for a moment and then, ever the grounded, practical minimalist, famously declared: \\"Just take the mother...... out of your mouth.\\"
0143118420|5.0|Fantastic book! I really feared it would be a preachy, self-help book, but I found myself laughing in the first couple of chapters. I loved the author's style of writing, sarcastic and humorous, while also inspiring a lot of deep emotion and thoughtful points. I could relate so much of the book to my own life, while also taking what she experienced that I have not, to learn from. I really want to meet all of the people she met along the way and have lunch with them. To have only been a fly on the wall during this journey...
B0010SKUYM|5.0|I almost wish I had waited til March for the 2nd book to come out to read this... I really did not want it to end.  There are a lot of good reads out there, but few pull you into a different world so completely.  Highly recommended.
030746363X|5.0|So far, two weeks in, I have lost 4lbs.  I am loving the diet and the exercises.  I love the way that Tim writes, it's more like he's talking to you instead of preaching to you.  He's not long and winded, but precise and to the point (my kind of guy).  The is easy to use and put into use in your life.  I run regularly and have been able to incorporate his diet and exercise into my training.  I'm not hungry at all on the Slow Carb diet and love that I get a cheat day once a week, it helps keep my cravings under control.  Really happy with this one!
B002KSPKRS|5.0|The X41 works great.  Headset is comfortable and plenty loud.  Really gets you into the games and movies youre watching.  The bypass feature allows the audio to continue to your audio equipment so that its not just limited to headset.  Definitely a great buy for the money.  And the headset is wireless and I experienced no interference with other wireless components such a wireless modem or phones.
030746363X|5.0|This was a great read.  It goes completely against everything I have ever learned about weight training and I can't wait to test the suggestions out.  I am starting my Geek to FREAK today!!!!
044654759X|5.0|I simply DEVOURED this book!  I literally couldn't put it down... I read it for five hours straight one evening until sleep overcame me and was eager to dive back into it the very next morning.  I read all of it in less than 24 hours, which says a lot, I think!  It was at once charming, suspenseful, mysterious and engrossing.  I highly recommend \\"Safe Haven\\" for anyone looking to truly \\"escape\\" into a book.
030746363X|5.0|I am a fitness professional that's just about seen it all and this book absolutely blew my mind.<br /><br />As we've come to expext from Tim, everything here is actionable. He took the time to make the book an enjoyable read (don't be surprised if you find yourself wanting to read more then you need to for your specific goal, as Tim himself recommends) and back up his opinions with hard science, which he clearly sets aside as something that is fascinating but unnecessary for the desired outcome.<br /><br />In addition to the material presented, there are an astonishing amount of references and jump-off points listed and linked in the book and website (respectively) to help with digging deeper into the topic and for specializing the research to fit your own lifestyle.  These are worth the price of the book alone.<br /><br />Fantastic work.  5/5
B0042MDAL8|5.0|This movie is a good one to have on Blu-Ray.  It's got a lot of special effects and good scenery.  Since the Twilight films seem to be dark anyway (metaphorically and cinematically!), I feel I am watching the movie in its best format.
030746363X|5.0|One of the most resilient aspects of this mammoth effort by Ferriss is the constant reminder of the values of informed scepticism and self experimentation.<br />You may not care to know how to hold your breath longer than Houdini nor how to pop a home run in baseball, but if there is something in here for you if you've ever looked away from a mirror in disappointment, or ever wished for a decent `rule of thumb' to sort the wheat from the chaff when appraising workouts, diets, nutritional panels or another screaming article in the paper about the benefits/risks of \\"insert fav food here\\".<br /><br />Somewhere in this tome you will find hints, explanations and possibly a life-changing secret. Get this book. Really. And get one for someone you love, you'll want to share the info, but not your copy.<br />Start with the index, Tim won't mind.
B00319ECGU|5.0|Hey, these Dirty Harry films were the ultimate date movies \\"way back when,\\" but now they are even more enjoyable to watch.  Clint Eastwood does what made him famous - a little less talk and a lot more action.  His one-liners from each film make us realize how often we use his catch phrases even today.  I also enjoy the scenery of San Francisco, since I just toured the area last summer.  The extras are great, providing background on Eastwood himself as well as comments from actors who starred in the movies.  (I just discovered that a young \\"James Carrey\\" appeared in one of the films!)  It's also fun to watch some background advertising (Play Misty for Me appears on a marquee) and to see how Eastwood brought some of his favorite actors back for different roles.  The price is great, too!
0316044695|4.0|Bought this for my husband as a gift (something he said he was interested in). He's not a big reader, but he is really flying through this book.  Now, he's commented that there is a fair amount of \\"background\\" in the book that he could do without and that this seems to be the author's way of dealing with all that he went through during the war.  Nonetheless, he has very much enjoyed the book.
B002ZG981E|5.0|Inception is one of those movies that makes you think as your watching it. It bases the story off of factual evidence that we experience in our dreams which makes it so compelling. It's one of those things that you can't tell if it's possible or not just like the matrix. the characters are so well rounded and convincing and Leonardo does an excellent job(one of his bests). I would recommend this movie to anyone because it has become one of my favorite movies of all time!
B0001RVQM8|5.0|My main interest was Beethoven's Appasionata; Jonathan's approach was as I would imagine Beethoven himself interpreting his work. Jonathan is a powerful artist and brings out the rage against fate that Beethoven was feeling at this time; he handles the \\"Fate\\" theme (the same famous four notes we hear in the 5th Symphony, 1st movement)perfectly before launching into another diatribe against the deafness that was growing. Clean playing, medium use of pedal which is appropriate for this piece. Excellent.
B002ZG981E|5.0|I loved the movie in theaters and had to have it on DVD, the blue ray price was unbeatable and the box came with 2 extra DVDs. I got exactly what was promised, with super fast (free) shipping.
0756665949|5.0|I am really enjoying my Lost Encyclopedia.  I am learning so much more about the characters.  It is filling in a lot that I missed, even though I have watched the show a couple of times.  I think any fan of Lost would love this book.
B002G1YPH0|5.0|One thing you need to be aware of is that this unit is HUGE!!!!  I was left with less than 1/8\\"clearance between the top of the brass tubes that stick out of the top and the side of my computer's casing.  Also, it's a little heavy, especially with two 120mm fans installed.  I can't help but wonder if it's putting too much stress on the mainboard.  Other than that, it works incredibly well.  I say it's a must have for overclockers.
030746363X|5.0|Fad diets and exercise programs don't work. You know that. Everyone knows that. People buy diet books hoping to find the one freakish combination of \\"suggestions\\" from experts that happens to fit with their lifestyle or habits (Grapefruit diet, really?) and they hope they can stick to the program long enough to see results.    This book is very different. The 4 Hour Body focuses on specific methods for individuals to determine what works best for each person. Author Tim Ferriss points out shortcuts (that actually work, thank you) that will get you there faster... but there are no free rides or magic pills (without major side effects) and his research shows that. The anecdotes and suggestions in the book are guidelines for YOU to follow so you can see results with as little \\"wasted\\" effort as possible.    I love the fact that it describes a whole spectrum of solutions from the bat-$h!t crazy (ice baths?) to the ultra simple (30g of protein w/in 30 minutes of waking up). It is as sciency as you want, but simple enough to explain to my mother without her worrying that I will \\"wither away.\\"    Does it work? Yeah. I'm 2 weeks in... down 4 pounds, but more importantly - 2 inches off my Body by Budweiser belly. The suggestions work... but you have to put in the effort. On second thought, maybe I should re-read that thing on ice baths...
1400032717|4.0|This book is, supposedly, a murder mystery in which teenager Christopher Boone - who has Asperger's Syndrome - sets about investigating the death of a neighbor's dog.  But the \\"murder mystery\\" isn't really the subject of the book, but rather a means for getting into the real story.  This is the story of a boy who, due to his condition, has difficulty relating to the \\"normal\\" social world.  Much of the plot centers on the way he naively attempts to satisfy his enquiring mind while steering his way through family tensions and the well-meant advice of staff at his special school.<br /><br />Some reviewers with first-hand experience of Asperger's Syndrome have questioned its accuracy in portraying the condition.  For readers who would prefer a more authentic account of AS, I would suggest they read Freaks, Geeks and Asperger Syndrome by Luke Jackson.<br /><br />Nonetheless, the confidence of Mark Haddon's writing means that the central character of Christopher comes over as convincing (allowing for the absence of a more nuanced view of AS) and the story is plotted in a very engaging way.<br /><br />It seems to me that the major strength of Curious Incident lies not in the accuracy (or inaccuracy) of its portrayal of Asperger's, but in its observation of the \\"normal\\" social world of human relationships and interactions.  In this sense it stands alongside modern fable, such as Richard Adams' Watership Down, and some of the more literary examples of science fiction, in placing the reader at a distance from the real subject matter.  From this distance, the reader is able to see essential themes from a new angle while also being entertained.<br /><br />Another strength rests in what the book says about the responses of \\"normal\\" people to someone with a mental health or neurological condition.  These responses range from the impatient refusal to answer questions and well-intentioned deception, all the way through to blatant mockery and hostility.<br /><br />I must, however, raise another word of caution.  Curious Incident is written in a style somewhat reminiscent of Jacqueline Wilson's Tracy Beaker books.  Wilson's books are, of course, aimed at children, but Curious Incident is certainly not suitable for pre-teens due to some of its content (including a very high number of expletives).<br /><br />Allowing for the two qualifications I have mentioned (its inexact portrayal of Asperger's and unsuitability for children), I have no hesitation in recommending this book.ous Incident is written in a style somewhat reminiscent of Jacqueline Wilson's Tracy Beaker books.  Wilson's books are, of course, aimed at children, but Curious Incident is certainly not suitable for pre-teens due to some of its content (including a very high number of expletives).    Allowing for the two qualifications I have mentioned (its inexact portrayal of Asperger's and unsuitability for children), I have no hesitation in recommending this book.
B002K0WBY6|5.0|I love this movie, seen it a million times. Yeah. So the movie itself is great. Get it. But I can't find the activation code for the digital copy ANYWHERE. Can someone help me out???
030746363X|5.0|This book is huge(thick) but somehow I have managed to read nearly the entire thing in almost a week.  There were a few chapters I skipped that weren't a priority to me, but still will be interesting reads later.  If you want a simple way to Change Your Life for the better, this is the book you should start with.
B000PMLFRA|2.0|I'm more of fan like the rest of the originals of the 1970's because I am one of the original fans.     What sales more redone with over the top CGI or originals? Analyzer! Answer! The Originals!    I like original theatrical with grain intact all the tiny imperfections that will allow HD to show off the graininess grittiness of the picture for both    Star Wars episode 1  Star Wars episode 4  Star Wars episode 5  Star Wars episode 6    Why episode 1? Well it was filmed in 35mm and digitally transferred for digital projection for DLP when released in 1999.    Only Star Wars episode 2 and 3 was filmed in digital HD.    Also the original I think the original episode 4 should be released in Dolby Stereo 6channel with mono surrounds as that is how it went out for 70mm road show release! Also the 35mm Dolby stereo release and mono release as each version had different sound mixes crated for each release in the cinema as some cinemas didn't have Dolby installed and was only running mono so three mixes was created for 1977.    Star Wars The Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi, should each be released as Dolby Stereo 6channel with mono surrounds.    The original three wasn't mixed with stereo surrounds very few 70mm Dolby stereo release prints ever had stereo surrounds only a few handful was ever produced from 1978 to late near to 2000 when regular 70mm retired from cinema.    Its no good fooling me or the rest of the smart fans, Lucas we or most of us know what to look for and listen for so the game is up! If you in anyway manipulate the originals you will loss big time the fans and the respect!     If I find anything not original and I don't want Dolby Stereo 4.2.4 matrix ones like that DVD edition scam of few years ago, that was uncalled for and you know!     I don't want to listen to any sly new sound effects slipped into the original Dolby film mix!     Also if ever released dtsHD Master Audio, I will not even bother touching it!     The sound of STAR WARS was born with DOLBY STEREO not dtsHD Master Audio! Use Dolby's own Dolby TrueHD its good format and if it wasn't for DOLBY which is half the sound experience then STAR WARS might have only done modest box-office?    Remember the original fans will be looking and listening for any sly scam tricks!    I think there should be isolated John Williams score in Dolby TrueHD6channel on all versions original theatrical release and do what the hell you want with the GCI versions I don't care to watch them that much.    Audio commentaries     Extras taken from the CAV THX laserdisc box set and many more extra like still pictures in fact the whole library!!!
B000IB0ED4|2.0|Make sure you check the DVD region on this item. I recently purchased this product but found out after it arrived that the DVD is for the PAL format which is used mainly in Europe and not the US. The CD was a great birthday present for my wife, but we can't play the DVD. So that is disappointing and I wish the description had been more clear before I had made the purchase.<br /><br />Let me know if this review helps! Thanks.
0307346617|5.0|This is my first foray into the zombie genre. I must say, it is a rather clever premise and the content is quite enthralling. At times it is horrifying and disturbing, at others poignant and touching. Brooks has seemingly captured the true essence of humanity after it has faced one of the most terrible foes imaginable.
0307593525|5.0|My wife has wanted the first addition for awhile, and she's a great cook so she wasn't rushed to get it.  I bought it for our anniversary, and yahtzee!, she loves it.  Only bad part is... Now I'm fatter!
1592402038|5.0|It is easy to see why Lynne Truss's book has become such a bestseller; it is a book on punctuation that is not just informative but entertaining.  Entertaining?!  In the same sentence as punctuation?!  Yes, indeed.<br /><br />She is a self-admitted stickler for punctuation, driven to write this book because of all the horrible misuses of punctuation she sees in the UK (nice to know that we Americans are not the only ones guilty of slaughtering the English language).  But she approaches the subject in a way that is tongue-in-cheek: no rabid grammar enthusiasts here.  She uses wonderful wit to tell the history of punctuation, and its correct current usage, in a manner so entertaining that I couldn't put the book down and read it in just a few hours.  I don't suppose there are many books on punctuation that have that effect on readers.<br /><br />Yes, I suppose that compared to some other books on punctuation and grammar hers is pretty light; but she intended the book to have broad appeal to everyone.  And in that I think she highly succeeded, even better than she could have dreamed.<br /><br />(Any errors in punctuation in this review are entirely the fault of the reviewer and are no reflection on Ms. Truss or her book).
B0010HOZXA|4.0|Chick flick that is actually pretty good for the guys too.  I enjoyed it and thought it was cute.  We are a house of chef's so we are biased, I'd give it five, but you'd make fun of me!
B002ZG98UA|3.0|Hmmm well, being a fan of the games, the genre, and this series, I will say I was satisfied but somewhat disappointed as well. Unlike the first one, where while attempting to follow the video game series, they added in a story line that fit in the elements of the game, this one added in elements of Resident Evil 5 (the video game) with no explanation as to how they fit in the storyline. The zombies with tenticales coming out of their mouths and the dogs whose heads split in half are based on a different virius whose orgins were not explored in this movie. The movie also adds in the characters Jill Valentine (not sure if this was the same actress from the second movie) and Chris Redfield with no backstory as to their involvment.Another item that someone who gave a worse rating pointed out, Wesker injected Alice with a serum that removed the virus that gave her the superhuman strength and agility, yet she doesn't seem rid of these elements at all during the movie.      But overall those were the only real problems I had with the film. I did like it better than 2 and 3 which were too over the top with superhuman alice, especially #2. Although I did enjoy Mike Epps' light humor to the movie which was destroyed buy the over-the-top antics (can you tell how much I hated the wire-fu that was used). #3 was hardly memorable which is why I won't make any comparisons. While this was not as good as #1, I was generaly entertained by the setting (prison) and most of the story so much so that I didn't realize how little it focused on the zombies or had them on screen. Probably a similar budget cutting technique as the one used in #2 (remember the out of focus shots of zombies).    So in summary, not a bad movie with a decent run time.  Worth the money and looks great in Blu-ray. You can keep that 3D stuff, I already wear glasses to watch TV.
B002JVWR0Y|5.0|Serious it's good.  Dexter is the best thing on TV over the last five years, and season four may be the best!
B003ZTQN1I|3.0|This a a great CD, but I'm giving it only 3 stars because Garrett & Leighton's performance of Give In To Me is omitted.  Listening to Faith Hill sing it after hearing them just made me sick.
B0029XZODY|5.0|This is the weakest season to me, but really good still.  I like it more when I watch it again, but 1,2,4, and now 5 are so good.  Luckily the whole Dexter experience is awesome and must see.
B000002UDG|5.0|All the Best! was the second official compilation album of Paul McCartney music. If you are a collector of Paul McCartney's music this album becomes essential for the otherwise unavailable tracks \\"Another Day\\", \\"Live and Let Die\\", \\"Junior's Farm\\", and \\"No More Lonely Nights\\".
084313352X|4.0|My son just loves these books.  Not too long, some \\"outside of the box\\" concepts, and some words that he wouldn't normally be exposed to.  Fun books, and kind of fun to collect all of them!
030746363X|4.0|I'm very excited about what I've read in the 4-hour body.  This isn't the end all be all book on the subject of health, and it wasn't intended to be so.  It is a great book on one man's journey to find more efficient ways to be healthy.  We live in a society that seems to have less and less time in the day, and as a consequence, we seem to be limiting our time being physically active the most.  In reality, that's not all bad.  2-hour sessions in the gym trying to lose weight is not ideal for most people and often is more damaging than beneficial (speaking from personal experience).      I've been doing a lot of experimenting with focused and short exercise routines, and have found that they are more effective than long hour+ long sessions at the gym or with trainers.  In fact, I dropped my resting heart rate 20 bpm (70-50) just by doing one of these routines. That was after a year of it stuck at 70 bpm doing very intense cardio/physical routines for over a year.  Sprint 8/Peak 8 routines work.  So when I see similar implications in Tim's book, I know its on to something.      My only criticism of the book (which prevents me from giving it 5 stars) is that it is written blog style instead of book style.  Lots of jumping, lots of open ended chapters.  That's good and bad though.  Good in that it leaves things open for further exploration and discussion, bad in that it leaves you wanting more, or some sort of conclusion.  But then again, this book is meant as a guide for you to find your own conclusions and figure out what works for you.    Enjoy, and Good Luck!!
B00111YM5G|3.0|Outside of the subject matter, I wanted to see this film to see what else Andy Whitfield has done besides the Spartacus series. I could have done without this.     Others have noted the obvious similarity to \\"The Prophecy.\\" True enough but \\"The Prophecy\\" handled the subject matter so much better. This film is just plain \\"too.\\" Too much style. Too much mood. Too much gloom. I think the director was just trying too hard to put out something really stylish and it grew tiring to me very quickly.     Basically, Gabriel has come to earth to try and rescue some of the other archangels and return them to their former selves and, at the same time, do in archangel Michael who is trying to hunt them down and kill them.    \\"Prophecy\\" had an advantage in that humans were brought into the fray with a would-be priest none the less. Add the Native American, non-Christian contingent and you have for an interesting story. This movie deals almost exclusively with the archangels themselves, so, much of what happens seems removed from anything the normal viewer would have an attachment to.    And the claustrophobia. A huge majority of the shots were close-ups. Everything was framed really tight. Even one scene shot in an abandoned drive-in theater did nothing to open things up. And as most of the actors needed a shave or bandages or washing or whatever it felt as though there were a slimy layer over everything. Just not very pleasant to watch.     Running time. At an hour and fifty four minutes, this went on way too long. There just wasn't enough story here to keep it going that long.     I know there are many out there who like this and applaud the style. I suppose if I were younger I might be one of them. But at my age style only goes so far and it just isn't enough to rescue this movie.
B000GDH9JQ|5.0|All I ever needed to know was that Mikhail Baryshnikov and Gregory Hines were going to dance together. Turns out that on top of being an inhumanly stunning dancer, Mikhail Baryshnikov is a hell of an actor, too, and kept working in that respect for years after this, even turning up randomly in Sex and the City! Gregory Hines is one of the most talented artists this century has seen, hands down. Put him up against any other triple threat performer we've seen since 1900 and he holds his own or just owns the room.<br /><br />The plot was a little far fetched sometimes, sure, but my willing suspension of disbelief kicks in and time after time I enjoy myself. I'm proud of the fact that I love this movie. The WHOLE cast is amazing, the choreography and execution of performance is out of this world (capturing two of the BEST *AT* their best!), and the leads have great chemistry. I have a good time and enjoy myself EVERY TIME I watch this movie, and that's all I need!
B000E1ZBGS|5.0|This is one of my favorite movies! I just had to get the DVD, because everytime this movie was on TV - they would cut so many good parts. Then at the end - they would leave out the very best scene between Mr. & Mrs. Darcy, I would be so upset! So, I finally ordered the DVD for myself and I know I will be watching it on a regular basis.
B002ZG999U|4.0|I went into this movie knowing what to expect and I wasn't disappointed. The testosterone just reeks, what with all the aging action stars. That being said, it was corny, cringe-inducing at times, but a fun ride.<br /><br />The plot involves a mercenary team, The Expendables, asked to do a job on this island in the Gulf. That's Caribbean Gulf. The two main heroes go check it out, decide it isn't worth it and try to leave. However, they are threatened by the bad guys and meet a girl that needs saving. As they escape, they leave a parting gift. There was potential for a bit of romance, but that was never exploited in favor of the action.<br /><br />Stallone doesn't want to risk his team with an impossible job, but he just can't leave the girl behind, so he tries to go it alone, but his team won't let him and mayhem ensues.<br /><br />There are good guys, bad guys, lots of guns and lots of splatter. Everything I expect from an action movie. It's surely not academy award material (it would have to be boring for that), but it was fun.<br /><br />I mentioned a few cringe-inducing moments, and that came from the sappy and somewhat clich&eacute;d dialogue. However, I expected those moments and wasn't disappointed.<br /><br />This movie was a great platform for all the aging action stars that can still cut it. Seeing as I'm older that most of them, I can still envision them being able to pull it off. It would have been great to get Jean Claude van Damme and even Stephen Segal in there, but I heard at least one of them didn't want to play a bad guy (can't remember which one). I don't think beggars should be choosers, especially with the youth oriented culture of ours. Any chance for the older guys to show their chops is fine with me, whether there is an intricate plot or not.<br /><br />I may not have paid theater prices to see this, but a DVD rental was well worth it. It kept me entertained for the duration. Reminiscent of the 70's and 80's action movies, it was a nice way to spend a Friday evening. If you are looking for art, forget it, but if you are looking for action and fun, I recommend it.forget it, but if you are looking for action and fun, I recommend it.
B001NLL8LA|5.0|My son ordered this book for me.  He knows what I like.  It was a great book.  Very suspenseful & kept me interested the entire book, no down time @ all.  I definitely will be reading more of Lee Child book.  Anyone who likes Robert Ludlum will also like this read.
B0000V6SOG|1.0|If you are looking for the original sound track by the original artists, get over it.  This is not for you!  Quite disappointing.
B002YVAT72|5.0|Unless you're a high tech audiophile, this is all you need. It makes the process of converting vinyl to mp3 very easy. It's great when a product is not over-thought. It is easy to record one song, or an album side. The songs go into itunes automatically. The software allows you to choose the quality of the recording in kbps.     The only downside is that the editing software recommendation - Audacity (freeware) - doesn't save files back to the original file location. You have to do a \\"save as\\" and look for itunes folder by artist/album. But Audacity is a simple tool to remove dust/scratches at the beginning and end of a song. Its easy to fade out songs to minimize record noise.    Word of warning: The turntable can pick up ambient vibration from footsteps and even conversations, so find a quiet place to record. (I was wondering what the background voice was on the beginning of a track, until I realized it was me talking to my wife.)     Also, turn off all computer alerts cause the \\"dings\\" and \\"chirps\\" get recorded too when they go off.       One last little complaint - the lever that lifts the needle off the record moves the arm, so its not a very precise up and down.    Other than that, you're good to go. I just wish I had kept my vinyl in better condition. But I never thought 25 years ago that I'd be doing this.
193413712X|3.0|Well, no; it's not a stinker. As all the reviews say, the writing is good. All the reviews gushed over 'Home' by Marilynne Robinson, too, and she contributes the blurb on the jacket of 'Tinkers'. That should have warned me. I now know to avoid anything written or recommended by these two in future, as 'Tinkers' and 'Home' are the only books I've read in the past year that I've felt like throwing across the room in frustration. Not out of any 'difficulty' - I've been going through a 'heavy works' phase this year, so this little volume should have been a walk in the park.    The language is rapturous, poetical and religious in tone. Marilynne Robinson is apparently a god-botherer, and I have my suspicions about Harding. Fair enough, some of the best authors have been religious, but some of the gushy nature descriptions here are similar to the sugary poems printed on the calendars my mother buys from her local Christian bookshop. Now and then would be okay, but it is un-re-lentless. Maybe part of the problem is that I am an atheist European? It seems that this much ecstatic meditation on the wonders of nature could only come from (Christian?) America. My instinct is to say embarrassedly to Harding, 'I say, steady on, old chap, ' and reach for E. M. Forster or someone else who describes the heart without all this drippy teenage-girl stuff about flowers and sunshine.
0061353248|5.0|Ariely makes social science fun and exciting. This is a great book for getting readers hooked on the fun, use, and value of social science.
B003XF1XOQ|5.0|I love Mockingjay! it is a fabulous end to a fabulous series! But i did not like how prim dies, peeta almost goes crazy, or that katniss chooses peeta instead of Gale.  Still loved it though:)
B002HFP0R4|5.0|I received my Mythology collection last week and have not been able to turn it off!!  Once again, the Bee Gees prove why they have remained a favorite for the last 40+ yrs and each of the 4 CDs have hit after hit of great music. Also, I enjoyed seeing some of the never before seen photos and reading the comment summaries from different people who have known the Gibb boys and their thoughts and feelings about them.  Of the four Bee Gees, I love them all but my favorite was Andy Gibb and the summary  written by his daughter Peta was espeically touching to me as was the summary that Barry wrote about Andy, his baby brother.  What an awesome family they are and what a wonderful collection this mythology is.  I would highly recomment it to any Bee Gees fan or really anyone looking for some top quality music!!  Thank you Bee Gees for putting this all together so we can continue to enjoy your talent and wonderful music.
030746363X|5.0|Overall great book.  Literally something for every body.  Weather your trying to loose weight gain muscle or both great advice for all.    Will be a great reference book for years to come.
B0040JHXTI|5.0|This special edition of \\"Darkness..\\" and the newly published \\"The Promise\\" is probably the highest quality music product I have ever acquired. The songs in \\"The Promise\\" that were left out of the original \\"Darkness..\\" album, could have only been left aside by someone who knew clearly what he was trying to say at that moment, for theres no other way this 21 great songs would remain unpublished. I specially enjoyed the alternate version of \\"Racing in the streets\\", that includes a beautiful harmonica playing by the end of the song. But the quality material is not over there.. \\"The promise: Darkness.. story\\" is a unique documentation of how this amazing artist worked at that particular moment, how his head was filled with music, with ideas, with stories, fortunately side by side with very talented people who would help him through all of this material. Then of course you have the original \\"Darkness on the edge of town\\" album, one of the highest peaks of Bruces career. And you can enjoy a DVD live performance of the entire album with no audience, which allows for a better apreciation of the work in progress of the band. Then you have much more material, from live concerts of that time, to unmissable videos of this excepcional group of people getting there hands on the material.. And of course, theres the notebook, something I have never seen from any other artist ever.  So, to sum up, being myself a huge fan of The Boss and The Band, this spectacular package is one of the most enjoyable products Ill ever put my hands on, and for that I thank the man and his partners very much.
B003QCCS36|5.0|First, go buy this album right now. I'll wait and you won't regret it. Ok, if Marvin Gaye and Neil Young had a love child his name would be Ray LaMontagne. This is what the record companies should be releasing: a solid album of music. Right off the bat Ray tells you, he's not your repo man. And good thing, cause I've never heard a repo man jam like this. Pulling no punches he let's you know NYC is killing him; and you'll feel like you're dieing right along with him thanks to that soulful voice of his. The title track will have you looking for your baby immediately with the heartfelt rhythm. Next comes beg, steal, and borrow, which is what you should do if you can't buy this cd (not really, support Ray!). A good look at what it means to be a young man in this world with a good beat and steel guitar.   Bottom line: it invokes sounds from the early 70s. From singer-song writer songs to soul to r&b. If that's to your liking, you'll love this album.
0375713751|5.0|When you are asked to name your favorite movies, do you fib and say, \\"Schindler's List,\\"  or \\"Sophie's Choice,\\" because it makes you sound sophisticated and thoughtful?  Are your TRUE favorite movies \\"Animal House\\" and \\"Airplane?\\"  If so, even though you may not admit it to others, THIS will be one of your favorite books.   I so loved the book and so saw myself and my friends in it that I gave a copy for the holidays to virtually EVERY professional woman/mother/friend I have.  The book sucked me in right away when it described Kate - who has learned at the last minute that she is expected to bring homemade treats to her child's private school the next morning - \\"messing up\\" too-perfect bakery goodies and then transferring them to  her own container to pass off as home-baked.  Oh, the parental pressures of preschool and the disdain of the SAHMs for the over-taxed working mom!  The single best scene in the book is when Kate is aboard an airplane, flying to New York for a work assignment and possibly for a romantic  interlude, and she unexpectedly discovers that .... well, I won't spoil it for you, but it's a stitch!  I want the author to write a second novel!!!
1400052173|3.0|I was surprised to find that I already knew most of the science. I had a HeLa Google night some years ago prompted by a conversation with my boyfriend regarding the HeLa cell. You can imagine how much I looked forward to reading this book, though not excited enough to pay hot off the press prices.<br /><br />So, I just finished it today. It made me uncomfortable. The way Skloot writes about everything felt ambiguous. She left me holding the bag. She exposed the dysfunctional Lacks family in what is assumed to be reportage but feels voyeuristic. I can't tell if it's her or me. One minute it sounds like she despises them and the next she's embracing them. One minute it sounds like she's siding with the scientific community and the next with the Lacks family regarding the cell dilemma. It was disorienting. The interesting thing is, this uneasy feeling has prompted me to think about her situation. I would have ambiguous feelings about everything central to this book if I were in Skloot's shoes. I have ambiguous feelings regarding whether or not the Lacks family should benefit financially given the situation. I have conflicting feelings regarding the Lacks family in general. I have ambiguous feelings about religion. I'm not a believer but am happy for people who have faith. Yet, I find myself laughing angrily when my mother has the TV turned up to a head splitting volume with some cliche of a preacher modulating his voice at a throng of hysterics, all yelling \\"Alleluja JEsus!\\". What is it with preacher hair, anyway? The bottom line is, I can't tell who Skloot is - if there is ambiguity, hyprocrisy or objectivity at play here. My guess is a bit of all, plus some personal guilt (she knows how much of what she wrote comes across), and a sense of responsibility for the descendents of Henrietta and the ugliness and unfairness of existence.<br /><br />The book was well worth the read and the world is a better place for it. Much to Skloot's credit, she's doing some good with the proceeds. I do wish it was a tad less relativistic though, because while I tend to relativism myself (perhaps because I do), I prefer walking away from a book with more certainty.do wish it was a tad less relativistic though, because while I tend to relativism myself (perhaps because I do), I prefer walking away from a book with more certainty.
030746363X|5.0|This book is full of fascinating information, written in such an entertaining style that it is actually a pretty quick read. Highly recommended for anyone who is interested in nutrition, fitness, or any of the other numerous topics Ferriss touches on.
B0030IIYWA|5.0|I got this movie on blu ray and the quality is phenominal. The price was less than 15.00 shipped to my house! Shipping was super fast. This blu ray dvd combo is a steal at this price , cheaper than i paid for the dvd alone a few years back. would reccomend this purchase if you like this movie or if you know someone who does. Blu ray picture and sound quality are beautiful!!
B000002ADT|5.0|that hasn't already been said about this amazing project!  This cd will go right next to Marvin's \\"What's going on\\" and Stevie's \\"Innervision\\"  In fact, flip a coin for one of the three being the best of all time.
B003YFIUW8|5.0|Oh, this book is GOOD! Jack is 5-years old, and has spent his entire life confined in an 11x11 foot Room. Every night he goes to sleep in Wardrobe, while Ma waits in Bed for the man. But he loves life, and loves Ma, who teaches him and keeps him busy every minute of every day.<br /><br />The writing is wonderful, the story incredibly fascinating, and Jack is a truly captivating character. Though we feel the chill of horror to see life through our experienced eyes, we are drawn to the interest and curiosity of an intelligent 5-year-old.<br /><br />An amazingly good book!
B00006RCNW|5.0|The Shield was a HEAVY TV cop show. I am not normally a DVD buyer, but bought the entire series, loaned out Season 1 and forgot to whom, so had to replace it. NOT for light, casual viewing, but an EXCELLENT program. Chiklis has sure done different extremes in his acting career!
030746363X|5.0|I started implementing a few chapters from the book a couple of weeks ago- results 5 kilos lighter (10 pounds or so), + built my own T-handle, it's easy to use and much harder to do then you'd imagine but fun none the less.  Thanks Tim.
B000MTOLDG|4.0|this is a hard one to review. as all the songs are killer hard rock tunes. other then DONT LET DADDY KISS ME n LOST IN THE OZONE  i love this album. think my favorite song is BAD WOMAN, but theres are alot of songs on here that are a close 2nd
030746363X|4.0|I bought the book and I think that weather the exact recommendations listed in the book work or not the fact that I am thinking about fitness and better nutrition is a positive.  I have begun a change in the right direction and although I don't think I will become superhuman any book that motivates and enlightens is worth the read.  I highly recommend the book
B0012GMXLU|4.0|most of these songs are killer rock n roll with heavy blues influence. but there are a few proper yawners  no voices in the sky is not a song i care for at all.   NIGHTMARE is exactly that, some slow boring trippie sounding song.  LOVE ME FOREVER is another middle of the road song  and the closing song 1916 is an ok slow song, but not something i can listen to all the time. but other then those songs i think the rest of the disc is friggin brilliant. deff worth picking up. even if youre not huge on motorhead but like some heavy blues rock n roll check it out
B000JMLFLW|5.0|This book is amazing. Mr.Darcy and Lizzie are pure literary masterpeices. I fell in love with this book a year ago and have read it 5 times since. This is no doubt my obsession and if you have never read it I recommend it entirely. My only complaint is that it ended.
0060574216|3.0|Ideas are right on but repeated constantly. Gets a bit boring to hear the same idea restated over and over.
1400079144|4.0|Dan Brown's research into the mysticism and symbolism of the ancients and the succession through Rosicrucians and Masons into the modern times is amazing. Even his philology connecting words such as Amen to Egyptian gods is informative and fascinating.  These make the book more than a very good thriller and a well-spun tale.  My minor criticisms are that there are several instances where heroes act naively so as to be somewhat out of character, and that some turns of events rely a bit too much on \\"deus ex machina.\\"  That's ameliorated by its contribution to making it a real page-turner.
030745455X|5.0|This is the second Stieg Larsson book I've read.  I had resisted reading for a while because there was so much hype about these books.  But, they do live up to the hype.  Absolutely compelling...
0670034711|1.0|I am going to simply state this. This book should have been called \\"I ate a lot of pizza. Did nothing for the year. And I just bored the crap out of you\\".     I saw the movie too. I thought maybe I was missing something. I was hoping to see \\"Eat. Pray. I'm not as self-entitled as I appeared to be in the book\\", but that didnt' happen either.
B00004YRQA|5.0|what needs to be said it is a sony product and i paid a lot less for it than what i would have paid at walmart
030746363X|5.0|This book was on my boyfriend's Christmas list. After picking it up, I thumbed through it and was instantly captivated. Starting on the day I flipped through it, 12/24, I began following his instructions for weight loss following the Slow Carb diet.  I cheated quite a few times but have pretty much managed to follow it.  In two weeks, I have lost 12 lbs.  I don't work out AT ALL so the diet is completely the reason.   The other topics are equally fascinating to read.  I've recently picked up The Four Hour Work Week which I strongly recommend if you have the itch to travel like I do but never fathomed it could be a lifestyle.
0763644765|5.0|What a great book.  It's simple but bright and colorful.  I keep it in the bathroom and he always wants it when we put him on the potty.  He understands the book and it seems to be helping.  I know we are staring young, but we are just introducing him to the potty and believe it or no he does go on the potty and I think this book is helping the process.
B001PU8N0I|5.0|The casting of this rendition of Little Dorrit features a panoply of some of the UK's finest established and emerging actors. I am very glad to finally have the performance on DVD.
0684857219|4.0|It's really worth for value you invested especially for all bodybuild fanatics though it's been reviewed years ago but the opinion and technic still valid...
B0042YHC38|1.0|Can hardly see the screen when the iPhone is in the holder.  Hard to get on and off while using it.
B0040JHXTS|5.0|The Promise Blu-ray package was great and did not disappoint.  We are feeling like we can hardly wait for a return of the Boss to this area. We'll be there!
B00192IV9U|5.0|I have always been a Michael Jackson fan so I am really happy for this new CD. It's not the best of MJ, it won't surpass his work during lifetime, but it's still a must have for every fan, and not only. It's great music, you can sense Michael's touch, it's for any age, any race, any gender... just like everything he ever did.  As for the delivery, it arrived earlier than it was supposed to :) in perfect condition... in Eastern Europe :D  So, strongly recommended.
B0000TB01Y|5.0|I am very satisfied with the prompt delivery!  I was a bit nervous about ordering a CD online, but this seller was honest and reasonable! I loved this musical.  I saw it in NYC---unforgettable!
B0036TGSR6|5.0|Watching this film for the second time I was struck by how great of a director Roman Polanski is. This is a director, who at the age of 76 can still direct a high-minded suspense thriller that doesn't rely on violence or even plot to drive the suspense; a a throwback to classic suspense films, driven by atmosphere and directorial skill.     Ewan McGregor plays the unnamed ghost writer hired to ghostwrite the memoirs of former British Prime Minister Adam Lang (Pierce Brosnan) after Lang's previous ghostwriter dies under mysterious circumstances. Soon after the Ghost arrives at Lang's beach house, where he's staying with his wife Ruth (Olivia Williams) and assistant Amelia (Kim Cattrall), controversy erupts over Lang's alleged involvement in handing terrorist suspects over to the CIA to be tortured.     Many recognizable faces appear in The Ghost Writer including James Belushi, Timothy Hutton, and Tom Wilkinson, in a terrific bit role. 95-year-old Eli Wallach also participates in the film and his brief scene brought a smile to my face. The performances are solid all-around; Ewan McGregor carries the film as the mysterious protagonist, while Pierce Brosnan gives his best performance in years as Adam Lang. Even Kim Cattrall does a solid job that should silence the skepticism over her cast. Olivia Williams (probably best known for Rushmore) makes the biggest impression in a performance that will likely be tragically overlooked come Oscar season.    The Ghost Writer is a masterpiece of atmosphere and tone, being more in control of those elements than almost any recent film that I can think of. There's a sense of dread that hangs over the entire film, inviting similarities to Polanski's The Ninth Gate (which I believe Polanski was aware of with the addition of the mysterious motorcyclist early in the film). Polanski greatly utilizes his brilliant cinematographer Pawel Edelman, wonderful production design, and completely unnoticeable green screen effects to capture exactlythe atmosphere he envisioned. With a complete grasp over this atmosphere, the film really draws you in to the story. A quietly foreboding score by Alexander Desplat also lends to the film's suspenseful atmosphere and will also likely find itself overlooked for Best Original Score.    Viewers have criticized the Ghost using Google search which is just lazy, idiotic criticism. The Ghost doesn't solve any huge mystery, but merely finds a few clues that seemed perfectly reasonable to find. The internet is a remarkable tool and in a world with access to such a vast source of information, why can't a film protagonist use it? I was so involved in the film at this point; I had no problem with him using it. As for the film being political \\"propaganda,\\" this is false. Much like the term \\"pretentious\\" is now used by people to describe something they don't like or understand; \\"propaganda\\" is being used to describe this film by people who don't agree with the parallels the film makes with Tony Blair and his relationship with the U.S. government. The Ghost Writer is a political suspense-thriller meant to entertain, not to sway anyone's political opinion. Regardless of the political implications it may make, you can't deny the film's greatness.     The film's ending is so well-filmed and well-executed, it's a testament to what a masterful director Roman Polanski is. The complaints about the ending can only come from people expecting a typical Hollywood-thriller where everything is wrapped up nicely with the good guy going home and the bad guy(s) going to jail. Those familiar with the work of Polanski will be pleased that he hasn't lost his pessimistic outlook. It's a first-rate ending that is so poetic it's a perfect end to this great film.    The Ghost Writer is the best suspense film of 2010 and one of the best films of 2010. Polanski remains one of the great suspense directors and his latest film is so well-made and so well-acted, I cannot heap enough praise on it. I hesitate to call a film perfect, but The Ghost Writer is as near-perfect as movies get. They rarely make films like this anymore.    GRADE: A    *For the American release of the film some profanity is noticeably dubbed over. Editing the film's profanity to get a PG-13 rating was a ridiculous decision as I can't imagine anyone under 17 wanting to see this film. With that said, the noticeable dubbing did not affect my enjoyment of the movie and it gives the moment when the \\"f-word\\" is used much more of an impact. With that said, a DVD-release should have given us a version with the original dialogue restored.
B004BSIJ9Q|5.0|Yo, Kanye! I'm really happy for you, and I'mma let you finish, but Black Swan was the best dark fantasy of 2010!
B0039TD7PY|3.0|The 1st Cd was very good, the 2nd in the set; was very bad disc.  Excellent customer service department for returns.
B000KQGX1Y|5.0|I was very pleased with my recent purchase from Amazon. I was happy to see the item arrive quicker than promised. It was one of my granddaughter's favorite Christmas presents!
B001BJ6918|5.0|I'm astonished with the quality of this movie. I didn't think it could get better after watching it on the big screen. Well, it can't...but the blu-ray sure does come close.
630587493X|4.0|The order of things is the reason why man should only live so long, kinda lame and just bugged me that the geezer android was tapping the great great grandaughter of the original owner...ick...Totally kewl timeline progression which I wanted to spend more time evaluating concepts but not the storyline, Galatea still had the same Nurse uniform of the 1940's, kinda confusing wardrobe concepts and finally, the compassionate black female judge gave him his 'life'...way too much material in such a slow pace...Columbus is the best so can't imagine how to do it better, more Azimov questions I spose...btw, I disagree with the final decision, HUMAN: NOT! DOGS: YES!
B001BJ690Y|5.0|I'm astonished with the quality of this movie. I didn't think it could get better after watching it on the big screen. Well, it can't...but the blu-ray sure does come close.
B002T9H2LA|2.0|Maybe I haven't watched enuff films to be able to figure out why this POS would be developed and actually delivered to the screen...I dunno, Diane was a phenom as Walz,but WHY???  Did the train roll off the trax in the EPs ofc and no one could say NO due to the Jew Killing Revenge scene???  Hitler didn't even look like he suffered as much as Walz did with the slice n dice screaming drawn (haha) out scene...The mess of dialogue and subtitles just made me insane and the plodding pace amazed me at my prowess of patience to finally see the damn cinema burn...BORING!!!
B003ELOQCK|3.0|Great show, not so good music, if you're a U2 fan don't miss it. But buy it for the show not for the music.
B004132HZS|3.0|I liked the show, but there are only 3 episodes (each one is movie length), and the last episodes leaves you hanging until next season.    Seasons are getting shorter and shorter.  Might need a better definition of what constitutes a season.  Used to be September-June (about 24 1 hr episodes), now some shows define it as 3 months (12- 1 hr episodes, Sep - Dec, Jan-May). This is only 1/2 of the latter (3 - 2 hr episodes).
030746363X|5.0|I recently read The 4-hour Body and have fallen in love with the information in the book and Tim's writing style. The subject matter is far removed from his first book, but his approach to the study of the body mimics the way he looks at business. Tim encourages us to focus on the Minimal Effective Dose when trying to change our body. Instead of spending hours in the gym each day and failing at dieting, do less work and eat more. If you do it right, like Tim instructs, the results will blow your mind. I saw my abs yesterday for the first time in three years after just one week. SCREW YOU COLLEGE BEER GUT!
B002BI6SMI|4.0|Great and efficient flick.    My only thing would be that he would be assassinated at the end for all the trouble he caused in Paris. Sort of how it went down for Marv in the Hard Goodbye. It would have been a bit more intense and added some weight and consequences for his actions, especially if he knew all along that he was sacrificing his life for his daughters.
B001GKJ2FM|5.0|The movie is fine, arrived on time as described, not my cup of tea. Nothing blowing up, no cars chases, not blood and guts, you know.
0894803123|5.0|I ordered this book for two reasons.  The Cuisinart came with very limited recipes and I love Ben & Jerry's ice cream.  I used the recipe for #3 base at Xmas when I had some Grandchildren here and it was a huge hit!!  I've since made chocolate ice cream using the same (base) recipe.  It's better than anything I can buy and takes only two ingredients....sweetened condensed milk and light cream.  I did add a tsp. of vanilla to the vanilla ice cream.  This one recipe is worth the cost of the book although I'm looking forward to trying more of them.
B000MV90IU|3.0|Funny how you missed the repeating of the same scenes over and over to make up the car chase when you are a teenager.  Good for a few memories and laughs.
B001IF252M|5.0|Great product. works instantly and hooks up easily to monitor.  no problems with it at all and its very simple and easy to use.  would be nice if it came with my macbook pro but otherwise i dont mind spending [...] bucks for this add on.  Great product.
B003PIUC02|5.0|I had to get this in blu-ray to get the total experience, action packed, drama to the roof, sex slaves up to the wall and testosterone a gallon per gladiator! jeeeezus what else can you ask for right?! i cant wait till the second season!
B003J27WFW|5.0|I've seen quite a lot of band documentaries, and Rush, once again, does it just a little better. It's a good mix of live footage, interviews, and behind-the-scenes clips of the band's career. What I like, is the way they delve into the ideas behind their epic albums, and how they were inspired.   Geddy, Neil, & Alex are pretty funny guys, and you get to see that, as well as the great chemistry they have together.     Highly recommended, but, if you're already a Rush fan, it's no-brainer, eh?
0760335540|5.0|After spending years working on other cars, its great to have a book that clearly and concisely give you the information your looking for.     Excellent book, a must for anybody hoping to do their own work on their boxster.
B003FSTN6Q|5.0|A must have if you have the first 4 seasons.  This is a fine family oriented show that all can watch and enjoy.
B002ZG980U|5.0|Purchased this movie for my daughter who is a psychology major in college.  She is fascinated by the twists and complexities of the movie. She pauses and replays the movie to examine the characters and plot. This is one of her favorite movies.
030746363X|5.0|I bought two copies of 4HB.  The first was for my android, a bit of a trial period.  I found I couldn't get enough of it!  It was great advice, and I found myself wanting a physical copy I could scribble in and attach post-it reminders to, so I got the hardcover as well.  I don't regret either purchase!  I just started on the Slow Carb diet after Christmas and I'm already down 15 lbs!  4HB offers so much!
030746363X|5.0|Hey Tim,    I first noticed the Colorado Experiment workout on your \\"Four Hour Work Week\\" website and began \\"experimenting\\" with it 3 months ago. Through the holidays I've added 5 lbs of MUSCLE and lowered my body fat a point (Geek Alert: 3-point J-P caliper). Really Great for this wisp-of-a-gal - especially when compared to my previous 9-months of standard workouts, which produced only 1 pound added muscle <groan!>.     So imagine my delight when \\"Four Hour Body\\" became available -- in 2-days I'd consumed strategic & Delicious portions, and am incorporating three simple and FUN parts (including two-handed kettlebell swing; Home Depot here I come!) Looking forward to outstanding results and incorporating more over time.    Your books have been a beautiful boost to my goal of Healthy, Wealthy and Wise - EXCELLENT Work!    Danke, Merci y Gracias!  PS - Two friends are now Running to the bookstore to get 4HB ;-)  PPS - Concur with reviewers who advise considering applicability-to-one's-situation. (Duh!) Example: The suggestion to avoid fruit except on binge days due to fructose's ability to increase iron retention. I considered and, as a member of the genetically anemic, found it corroborates my doctor's advise to Take my Iron with Citrus (& 2-hours away from calcium foods or supplements). God bless those teachers who kindly taught me to Think ... Make sure you do the same. Happy considering!
030746363X|5.0|I turned 50 this year, am in great shape, enjoy the finer things in life and bought this book because I enjoyed the irreverence of the 4 hour work-week. Little did I know that it would start me on a trek for those gorgeous gluts and challenge me to cook in ways that worked for my abs and my tastebuds... This stuff works . Can't wait for the next installment in the series...  maybe the 4 hour parent?..... whooohoo!!!
B0046B8GEQ|5.0|I rented this movie from Amazon's OnDemand video library (FYI: When you rent an OnDemand movie, you also get a $4 voucher towards the purchase of the same movie in DVD or blu-ray).<br /><br />I didn't have high expectations for this movie. It look cute and silly, and it delivered. Steve Carell as Gru was weird and funny. The little girl, Agnus, was probably the cutest character (\\"It's so fluff!\\").<br /><br />The scene stealers, however, were Gru's minions. In fact, I wish the movie had been a little longer with more minion scenes. Just listening them laugh will make you laugh.<br /><br />This movie was definitely not as deep or drawn out like some of Pixar's classics, but it's definitely worth your time, especially if you have kids.
B003DZX44I|5.0|The re-mastering of this timeless classic was very well done.  There are sometimes where you can tell the difference between scenes that were remastered better then others but overall the colors were fantastic.  The audio sounded beautiful in DTS-HD Master Audio with 5.1 surround set-up.  If you are a Beauty and The Beast lover then you will be astounded at the details you can see with this re-mastered blu-ray.
B00474IVGA|3.0|So, the songs are great- as anyone who has seen the movie can attest to. However, they voices I fell in love with on screen are few & far between on the soundtrack! Garrett Hedlund sings ONE song on the disc! Seriously? SOOO dissappointing- his voice on the movie left me craving more, so I ran out & bought the cd. I mean, if I'd found more songs actually sang by him & Leighton Meester on the cd, I would rate it 10 stars if I could. Sadly, I can only rate it 3.
B00005PJ8O|4.0|This is on my list as the hit gift for every boy on my list when he hits his teens!  Months after I got this for a younger cousin, his sisters told me he kept watching it, and he'd pull it out to watch with his friends.  [No, he's not an asocial dangerous nutcase, he's hardworking sensible guy.]  So the next year when he turned 16 and got his driver's license, I got him the soundtrack as his \\"driving music.\\"  His huge grin when he unwrapped it and saw my note told me he was happy with it!  I have friends and cousins whose boys are getting to the right age to appreciate this, and it's going to each of them.  An added bonus: not only goes this give young men the story of an American icon, it does actually show them what war is like for guys on the ground [a shock for me the first time I saw it, and probably for everyone] AND -- this can really wake up an interest in history.  A couple of cousins have read books on WWII, and done better in history classes since they started to be more interested.  A lot to get -- and give! -- with one present.
B003J27WFW|5.0|This documentary on Rush is amazing. For over 30 years this band has been unique and progressive. The musicianship in the studio or live on stage is the same ... PERFECTION. Watch the movie, listen to all the other artist talk about Rush. Watch and learn, enjoy the story and yes you to will become a fan.    Mr. Gerry
B0015HOFZI|5.0|I bought this Sony Turntable for my husband for Christmas!  He absolutely loved it!  He hasnt put it down since!  He has been getting the old albums out and converting them.  This is so much fun listening to the our old music again!  Thank you so much!  Shipping was very quick as well....  Barbara in New England
B003ZSJ212|1.0|George Lucas once again made more changes to these films was a once great original Star Wars films.But now George messed it all up makes me cringe at hearing Darth saying NOOOOOOOOOOO! in ROTJ where he picks up the emperor and throws him in the shaft. Lucas must be on something when he made these changes again. There are however some changes I like is where they covered up the exposed piece of a pole with extended Wampa's piece of arm with cgi to make it look more real. That'll be a real good edit. Making Yoda's character in TPM look more like the real Yoda from TESB. That too is real good edit. But all the other changes that Lucas had made is totally messed up and I wish he didn't messed with them except for the changes I already mentioned, those I like. Lucas needs to wake up cause when I don't buy this set and I'm sure a lot of others won't either, then maybe George will finally listen to us and give us unaltered versions and 1997 SE versions too for us real Star Wars fans to enjoy instead of just watching his nonsense 2011 re-edit versions.
B00129H7VS|5.0|Well first off, the actual product is perfect.    Best mini-series I've ever seen.    And of course the actual condition was perfect as well, this person took care of it.  I was a little concerned as I was waiting for it to arrive that it might not work on American Blue Ray players.  But it definitely did.    Thanks!
0439023513|3.0|I have been very pleased with the past two hunger games novels, both of which were filled with excitement and entertainment. Unlike the other two books, Mockingjay did not give me the the thrills and didnt have the awe inspiring moments that the first novel delivered. Mockingjay is the last book in in the trilogy, but it felt as if the series was starting to drag on too long. Everything was becoming predictable, and the unexpected twists that had occurred during the first two books were lacking. The ending was supposed to be surprising and twisted, but it didnt seem realistic of how Katniss could have got away with something as big as killing the leader of her own district. The whole romantic aspect of the book was very predictable as well, as Katniss chose the man that had shared the entire experience with her instead of the one who has been her friend but nothing more. Despite the dissapointments of the book, there are some bright spots within the novel. The whole concept of a war throughout the United STates and comunism adds really well to the plot and keeps the book interesting throughout the way. Im also glad that they took the focus off of the actual hunger games in this book as well, because i felt that they couldn't have done anything else within the arena of the capitol that would hadnt been done already in the two books prior. The book still has pretty cool things such as the weapons Katniss receives and some of the war scenes, but it still doesnt equal the excitement of the two books prior. My opinion is that you read this book, but only if you just want to know what happens in the end. Dont expect to much of it and buy it as a fun read!
0596805888|3.0|I initially bought this book for my nerdy boyfriend so that I might benefit from some delicious recipes. I was disappointed, he was not. This book is not really about recipes, as much as it is about the molecular level of sugar, or what temperature is the best for the proteins of eggs. My boyfriend delights me constantly with random trivia about our groceries, and loves the fact that the book is \\"written like a textbook.\\" It's a great book for someone who wants to know all the ins and outs about the kitchen and cooking; not just recipes that are tasty.
076790592X|3.0|This book will make you look on death and dying in a totally different way. 'Tuesdays with Morrie : an old man, a young man, and life's greatest lesson' was written by  Mitch Albom. Morrie Schwartz was a college professor (doctor of sociology) and Mitch Albom's coach and mentor. After being diagnosed with ALS (amyotrophic lateral sclerosis or Lou Gehrig's disease) Morrie made a decision. With a progressive neurodegenerative disease to contend with, he would make death his final project. He \\"would walk that final bridge between life and death, and narrate the trip.\\"<br /><br />Confusing at first<br /><br />When I first came across the book title I could not understand what the hype was all about.  Throughout, there are a couple of pages of Mitch's past life, e.g., as Morrie's student, as a child, etc., followed by a chapter where Mitch is recounting his weekly (Tuesday) visit to meet with Morrie during his last few weeks of life.<br /><br />Then there are the three camera interviews with Morrie, carried out for a national television audience. There are also flashbacks to Morrie's childhood, to a time when his mother died and to the period he first took on the role of coach and mentor. As such, this self development book initially comes across as rather bitty. As you begin to understand how everything relates, it all falls into place and becomes much more meaningful.<br /><br />The Joy of Life<br /><br />Each week that Mitch visits Morrie they discuss a completely different topic, e.g., world issues, regrets, death, money, aging, love, forgiveness, etc. And each week Mitch learns more and more about himself, emotional health, emotional wealth and the joy of life.<br /><br />The book takes you on a journey of self discovery and by the end you realise the true power of the title. The significance of the carefully chosen phrase (Tuesdays with Morrie) becomes clear.<br /><br />As the story unfolds you will be touched by Morrie's total lack of self pity. He also makes you think about aspects of life you take for granted. As just one example, Mitch recounts a time when Morrie leaves his students in limbo, not talking to them for fifteen minutes in an aim to make them realise just how powerful the effect of silence on people is. With Morrie as his life mentor, Mitch learns:<br /><br />* How to never regret your past<br />* How not to fear death or dying<br />* How to find meaning in your life<br />* How to be at peace with yourself<br />* The importance of saying goodbye<br />* The fact that love cuts through everything<br />* Why be honest with yourself above all else<br />* That it is perfectly fine for grown men to cry<br />* How to stop being envious of younger people<br />* Why battling against aging makes you unhappy<br />* How to never be envious of other people's lives<br />* How to detach yourself from pain, grief and fear<br />* Why the materialistic side of life is so unimportant<br />* That once you learn how to die, you learn how to live<br />* Why it is so important to forgive - yourself and others<br />* The importance of experiencing all sorts of emotions fully<br />* Why it is pointless showing off to people at the top or at the bottom<br />* How great coaches and mentors help you to see things in a different light<br />* Why it is crucial to invest in a community of people to love and who love you back<br /><br />Who should read this book<br /><br />This self development review concentrates on how Mitch becomes a different person over the course of his Tuesday meetings with Morrie. He begins to realise what is truly important in life. 'Tuesdays with Morrie' would be of interest to anyone who is afraid of death or dying, or to anyone who is close to someone who is dying. This includes carers of neurodegenerative diseases, and family and friends of those touched with incurable diseases. It would also be of interest to coaches and mentors and to their students and mentees.t one example, Mitch recounts a time when Morrie leaves his students in limbo, not talking to them for fifteen minutes in an aim to make them realise just how powerful the effect of silence on people is. With Morrie as his life mentor, Mitch learns:    * How to never regret your past  * How not to fear death or dying  * How to find meaning in your life  * How to be at peace with yourself  * The importance of saying goodbye  * The fact that love cuts through everything  * Why be honest with yourself above all else  * That it is perfectly fine for grown men to cry  * How to stop being envious of younger people  * Why battling against aging makes you unhappy  * How to never be envious of other people's lives  * How to detach yourself from pain, grief and fear  * Why the materialistic side of life is so unimportant   * That once you learn how to die, you learn how to live  * Why it is so important to forgive - yourself and others  * The importance of experiencing all sorts of emotions fully  * Why it is pointless showing off to people at the top or at the bottom  * How great coaches and mentors help you to see things in a different light  * Why it is crucial to invest in a community of people to love and who love you back    Who should read this book    This self development review concentrates on how Mitch becomes a different person over the course of his Tuesday meetings with Morrie. He begins to realise what is truly important in life. 'Tuesdays with Morrie' would be of interest to anyone who is afraid of death or dying, or to anyone who is close to someone who is dying. This includes carers of neurodegenerative diseases, and family and friends of those touched with incurable diseases. It would also be of interest to coaches and mentors and to their students and mentees.
B000002P74|5.0|First of all they call me the breeze has some awesome guitar work what a great song dont ask me any questions is a great song really catchy the whole album is great not a bad song on this album great musicianship and they are a great band they rock gary rossington allen collins and ed king are all great guitarists this is true american get down music i think all the skynrds are great until ronnie van zants death you are truly missing out if you dont like these guys
1599218011|5.0|I am so eager to write this review. I am a junior nursing student and in my years of school I haven't quite put together that what I am being taught is healthy for me is something I should actually eat/do/drink! My entire education thus far makes perfect sense in Kris Carr's amazing book. It lays out EVERYTHING I have learned and puts it in terms I can see myself fulfilling! I should be setting an example for others since I know the foods that are healthy for me and I want to be helping those who aren't completely well themselves! I have requested that Kris come speak at my school to, if not the whole school, at least the nutrition and nursing majors, because I just finished a nutrition class and would have GLADLY accepted this as a book to read over the book we did read! It is full to the brim of factual, real life examples of healthy eating and why certain foods are better for you! I have a hard time putting this book down, and am now ready to embark on the 21 day cleanse. I love to give the patients I take care of good advice, and will certainly be recommending this book and bits of info from this book to those I meet! I can't believe someone could find all this information out and make it seem so simple (which it is!) Thank you, Kris, for doing all the work in putting this together-honestly, I don't think I would be eager for school to start again if it weren't for you laying it all out so perfectly!
B000001EKX|5.0|I would buy this album for got to choose thats song is so good i love playing that song on my guitar its very fun to play very catchy and it rocks the whole album rock get this great album   I cant believe this is rated 4.2 this is a 5 this is original people need to listen to this album a little bit better also ace frehely is a great guitar player he is also very underrated i love the gibson les paul with the lightening bolt inlay his signature guitar is awesome
030746363X|5.0|I've tried many diets over the years and have struggled with my weight for more than a decade. This is the first method I have tried where I have seen such dramatic and measurable results in a short period of time. Tim's attitude is straight forward and no-nonsense, and the nerdy science bits are great tangents for those of us who want to know the 'whys,' not just the 'hows.' I would recommend this book to anyone who is ready for body transformation and is frustrated by the ocean of mediocre diet books cluttering the bookstores. Well done, Mr. Ferriss!
1439133948|5.0|Add another to Lois McMasters Bujold's lengthening list of entrancing works.  The characters are as engaging as ever, the dry wit is just as keen, and the narrative is skillfully constructed.    No spoilers here, but I believe the ending of this volume portends yet another phase in Miles' saga.  Will we see a new installment soon?  I certainly hope so.
B0045HCJR6|5.0|My daughter wanted this DVD for Christmas.  I've seen the movie several times.  Since she hasn't complained about it, I assume the DVD wasn't defective or anything.
B000FP2OPY|4.0|Just like it says on the box that the Supernatural Season One DVDs are packed in, this show is \\"genuinely scary\\"...at times. After wrapping up Season One this week, I think that I can say that I'm hooked. The bad news is that I've been missing out on a great TV show for the past 6 years. The good news is that I was able to watch the first season with no commercials and by owning it on DVD it took all of about two weeks to watch the entire set versus like 22 weeks watching it during the regular season.<br /><br />It's hard to believe that I actually purchased this (and Season 2) two years ago at the recommendation of a friend but waited this long to finally get around to trying the show out. I got Seasons 1 & 2 for under 20 bucks each here at Amazon and that was a great deal because I see that they're a lot more expensive today, and the Blu Ray editions are like more than 3 times what I paid two years ago. Anyway....<br /><br />Supernatural is like [[ASIN:B0009ETCOW Tales from the Crypt]] with the major difference being that it's the same lead characters in each episode. Brothers Sam & Dean Winchester are led to or look for strange stories to investigate that could involve something supernatural. Ghosts, monsters, demons, things not of this world, and sometimes just creeps...the Winchester brothers take on all comers. And the result is approximately 42 minutes of spookytime in each episode that will send chills down your spine and often have you jumping out of your seat.<br /><br />Some of the stories will seem familiar and are predictable...sometimes the stories are deliberately familiar and predictable. Either way, out of 22 episodes in the first season, I can think of perhaps only one, maybe two, where there was a \\"meh\\" kind of ending versus being thoroughly entertained by the rest of the episodes in the set.<br /><br />I hope someone got rewarded for casting Jared Padalecki and Jensen Ackles together; their chemistry is real and entertaining. (Someone should also get a reward for making sure that some new hot girl is always inserted into each episode.) Another reward should go to whoever picks the soundtrack for the episodes.<br /><br />The Season 1 DVD set has only Dolby Stereo sound, but I see on the Season 2 DVD case that Dolby 5.1 becomes an option. Sweet music to my ears. And now you can get all the seasons on Blu Ray which wasn't an option back in 2008 when I originally purchased Season 1. So onto my Wish List they go, and here's hoping that I'll see the subsequent Blu Ray seasons on sale before I need to buy them, because I will indeed need to buy them once I finish Season 2; as I said earlier: I'm hooked.<br /><br />Highly recommended.at some new hot girl is always inserted into each episode.) Another reward should go to whoever picks the soundtrack for the episodes.    The Season 1 DVD set has only Dolby Stereo sound, but I see on the Season 2 DVD case that Dolby 5.1 becomes an option. Sweet music to my ears. And now you can get all the seasons on Blu Ray which wasn't an option back in 2008 when I originally purchased Season 1. So onto my Wish List they go, and here's hoping that I'll see the subsequent Blu Ray seasons on sale before I need to buy them, because I will indeed need to buy them once I finish Season 2; as I said earlier: I'm hooked.    Highly recommended.
B001990LHS|5.0|The best of all three. the Sequels were ok. I've loved jurrassic Park since i saw it in theaters in 1993 when iwas 9 years old. I own the dvd set, but can't wait for the movie to come out on Blu-Ray. I'm just gonna get the first movie because, lets face it. It's the best. i'm hopping that the picture and sound will be even better than the DVD and VHS version. I hope it has many lost deleted scenes and great extras.
B0046MOVD0|3.0|I remember way back in 2002 when [[ASIN:B000XJ5TOK Resident Evil]] came out how skeptical I was about a video game transfer to the big screen. But you gotta hand it to Writer/Director Paul Anderson on that one; he made a great, Action/Horror film.<br /><br />Then along came [[ASIN:B000EZ7ZZE Resident Evil: Apocalypse]] (RE2) in 2004. Anderson wrote the script, but turned the directing reins over to noob Alexander Witt...and you saw Witt's inexperience all over the movie. RE2 added an amateurish hokeyness that wasn't present in the original.<br /><br />In 2007 the series returned to straight-up Action/Horror with [[ASIN:B000YPUFA6 Resident Evil: Extinction]] (RE3). RE3 never got as dark and creepy as RE1, but it was a lot better than RE2. Anderson again wrote the script, but relied on vet Russ Mulcahy (remember the cult 80s hit [[ASIN:B001AQO3XS Highlander]]?) to direct. For RE3, Mulcahy went back to a lot of the basics that made the original so good.<br /><br />Paul Anderson is back in the Writer/Director's chair for Resident Evil Afterlife, and he continues with the straight-up Action/Horror format. There are good old fashioned scares, tons of action and the story never get boring. The acting and action are often clich&eacute; and over the top, but it's all good.<br /><br />The story is pretty consistent throughout all four movies. The deadly T-Virus is accidentally (or not) released by the Umbrella Corporation, and it's up to Milla Jovovich to save the world from its effects: zombies, unthinkable mutations (man and animal alike) and the psychotic minds of the Umbrella Corp.<br /><br />What's really cool is that Anderson keeps a lot of the themes in place that originated in the video game series that the movie was adapted from. For example, in Afterlife we see some of the elements recently introduced in [[ASIN:B0012N94WO Resident Evil 5]], the most recent addition to the game series. There's Wesker and his modified abilities; there are the new human and animal mutations that spew a reptilian protrusion from their mouth or head to attack; there's \\"The Axe Man\\"; and be sure to watch the closing credits for an introduction to a video game character staple that has been conspicuously absent from the movie series.<br /><br />It's certainly not necessary to watch all the movies in chronological order to understand what's going on in the individual releases. But if you're into the Action/Horror genre, and you haven't seen the first three, I recommend just starting from the beginning and enjoy the ride. And as of this writing the individual releases in my links above are really cheap on Blu Ray here at Amazon. None in the series have topped the 2002 original, but Afterlife comes the closest.m their mouth or head to attack; there's \\"The Axe Man\\"; and be sure to watch the closing credits for an introduction to a video game character staple that has been conspicuously absent from the movie series.    It's certainly not necessary to watch all the movies in chronological order to understand what's going on in the individual releases. But if you're into the Action/Horror genre, and you haven't seen the first three, I recommend just starting from the beginning and enjoy the ride. And as of this writing the individual releases in my links above are really cheap on Blu Ray here at Amazon. None in the series have topped the 2002 original, but Afterlife comes the closest.
B00006CXXU|5.0|Out of all of Christina Aguilera's albums that I listen to, I listen to this one the most. Almost every fan of her can say that \\"Stripped\\" is their favorite and I can see why. I've never heard an album with such emotion, hard-work, and deep thought put into it. There's so many things I can say about this album. Every single song means something, and it also has so many deep issues in a lot of the songs. The second single off this album \\"Beautiful\\" is definitely my favorite song of all time because of it's great message. Every pop fan should listen to \\"Stripped\\".    1. Stripped (Intro)- 10/10- I love this intro, especially that whole news montage in the beginning. It sets the mood for the rest of the album.    2. Can't Hold Us Down feat. Lil Kim- 10/10- This song has a great anti-sexism message and I love that urban hip-hop beat, and especially Lil Kim's rap.    3. Walk Away- 10/10- This is a slow, piano ballad with great lyrics that a lot of people can relate to.    4. Fighter- 10/10- Christina doing rock isn't bad at all. It's absolutely amazing. It has an empowerment message, like a lot of the songs on this album. The chorus is my favorite part.    5. Primer Amor (Interlude)- 10/10- This is a great 50 second interlude with just a Spanish guitar and Christina talking in Spanish.    6. Infatuation- 10/10- The Latin feel is this is really good. It's one of the love songs on this album.    7. Love's Embrace (Interlude)- 10/10- Sounds like something Mariah Carey would do. I like it.    8. Loving Me 4 Me- 10/10- It's soft, slow, and has great lyrics. It's a perfect song.    9. Impossible- 9.5/10- Since the song is produced by Alicia Keys, it's gonna sound like a song from Alicia Keys, but if Christina sings it then it'll be amazing.    10. Underappreciated- 10/10- I love the beat to this song. It has a great chorus and nice lyrics also.    11. Beautiful- 10/10- In my opinion, this is the best song of all time. It has amazing music, the lyrics are perfect, and I think it's the best song ever written. Definitely my favorite.    12. Make Over- 10/10- This is another angry sounding rock song, and it's very good.    13. Cruz- 10/10- \\"Cruz\\" is a nice and slow piano ballad with a great chorus. I love it.    14. Soar- 10/10- Another great \\"empowerment\\" song that has great lyrics. It also has an excellent chorus.    15. Get Mine, Get Yours- 10/10- I absolutely love the beat to this song. The guitars in the chorus are amazing and she sounds great in it. My second favorite.    16. Dirrty feat. Redman- 10/10- This song is extremely catchy and the lyrics and beat are great. I like how this is the main single from the album, and it's one of the last songs. That never really happens with a pop album. Anyway, phenomenal dance song.    17. Stripped, Pt. 2- 10/10- Great follow up to the intro.    18. The Voice Within- 10/10- I really love this song. It's an amazing ballad. The lyrics are great and the I love the chorus    19. I'm OK- 10/10- This song is very depressing, dark, sad, and what some might think of as disturbing because it takes you into her childhood, about her abusive father. The soft music is amazing and the lyrics are so sad.    20. Keep On Singin' My Song- 10/10- After \\"I'm OK\\", the album ends on a happy not with this song. It's great to end it with another empowerment song. It's a bit long, but it's a very well-done track.    \\"Stripped\\" is Christina's best album in my opinion and I think a lot of people could agree, because it's happy, sad, fun, dark, and a lot of different things. It's a very personal and up close album, and I think it's one of the greatest albums of all time.    My top 3 favorites:  1. Beautiful  2. Get Mine, Get Yours  3. Dirrty feat. Redman
B002G1YPH0|5.0|I'm very glad overall, nice cooling + low noise + low price = good cooler AKA CoolerMaster Hyper 212 Plus
B001E2JNA6|5.0|We love, love, love the blu-ray version of Pride and Prejudice. We had been so disappointed in the DVD version compared to the VHS version of this series.  The DVD version was so faded and blah compared to the VHS.  We had even purchased the new DVD version but it was just like the old one.  The Blu-ray was bright and colorful and we loved watching it.  We also liked the Amazon price!
B0030IIYYS|5.0|We have watched this many times and our daughter never gets tired of it.  We have all 3 Toy Story DVD's and we loved all of them.
B002ZG981E|5.0|Great Movie, wonderfull edition. The quality of image and sound it's great, only the extras are a little bit disappoint BUT, the movie it's worth.
030746363X|4.0|this book depicts Tim's efforts to experiment and test assumptions on himself in regards to exercise, nutrition & other physical attributes.   it is really like a long and detailed collection of blog posts filled with interesting ideas, strategies and resources.  i like the topics, and while some of the protocols don't apply to me, i am glad i read it, and it's cheap, really, for this amount of information.    one critique i have, and it's an advanced issue, is that many people are walking around with undiagnosed metabolic issues as well as auto-immune conditions. depending on how serious these dysfunctions are, the results of the strategies presented in the book may be far from optimal.     i strongly believe that tim's chapter about proper medical testing is the most valuable. spend some money now to find a good integrative medicine doctor and get all the blood, hormone, and nutrient testing to really find out where you're at individually.
B003Q6D282|5.0|I really liked this movie, but I think it didnt need to be as gory as it was.  It really makes up for the other six, mostly with the acting. I dont think it needed to be in 3D though I mean the 3D was ok but I think its used in to many movies.  My only proplum with it is that it was too short, I think it should have been at least a half hour longer. All in all it really is a good movie but if you havent seen the other movies dont see this one you wont understand any of it.  Like all great movie   serise they have to end at some point, and this movie deffinantly goes out with a bang!    Story = 10/10    acting = 7/10    music = 10/10    vfx = 9/10     overall rating = 96%
B0015DROBO|1.0|I'm glad I got this book for free. First time I ever through a book in the trash can. Do your self a favor and just don't read this book.
B00005QW5X|5.0|Great music in this musical. Loved it ! From begining to end its a great and entertaining movie. Love the extras that tell you how the movie came to be as well. Footage from the old drag shows is great
030746363X|4.0|A lot of people with opinions that are mainly just that. Read the book for yourself. there is no one book available that will please everybody, so read it, take what you need from it and be happy. I like a lot of what i have read and it works for me. i am not going to bash the parts that were not applicable to me, i am sure thy will help someone else.
0810970686|5.0|HOW WE CAME UPON THIS SERIES OF BOOKS:  My son got the first 2 'Diary of a Wimpy Kid' earlier in 2010 as a gift.  He enjoyed them a lot and asked for the next 2 for Christmas. He'll get the most recent one entitled 'The Ugly Truth' for his birthday in mid 2011. (I am not counting the 'do-it-yourself' book.)    WHO WILL PROBABLY MOST ENJOY THIS BOOK:  The appropriate age of readers varies on reading ability and maturity - to relate to the subject matter.  My son is younger but reads easily at the 6th grade level, and can comprehend up to 8th grade level.  These books are probably most readable for about the 5th/6th grade level.    WHY MY SON LIKES THE BOOKS:  The books are a narrative of a kid (boy) dealing with upper elementary to earlier junior high life (school, family and friends).  The books are written as a personal narrative, in 'journal' style using both sketched pictures and words, like a boy of that age would use.  There's nothing too crude in these books.  They stay within the usual taste and sense of humor of the audience. Some of it is 'angst' of that age and some of it is joys of that age - very relatable to the intended audience.    WHY I LIKE THAT MY SON LIKES THE BOOKS:  My son will stop and read aloud from the books, then give his thoughts on how the lead character (Greg) handles or remarks on a situation.  He'll laugh out loud at some passages, then stop and say, \\"You've got to hear this\\" and read the 'funny' passage.  I really like this because it helps me understand where he 'is' in his head with certain issues of that age.  He's sharing that information of his own free will (through his commentary on the books) without being asked questions and sometimes we have conversations on why he thinks what he does about a certain passage or instance described in the book.      ADDITIONALLY:  I watched a piece on TV talking about this series of books making non-readers or kids indifferent to reading, into readers.  That's a wonderful thing.
0307454541|4.0|I had the pleasure of reading this book while taking a long flight to europe.  I had heard much about it and was excited because it is not often that one finds a book that is a must-read page turner.  I had trouble getting into the book for the first 50 or so pages because much of it was spent in background information.  It was less about story and more about communicating information that was rather dry and technical.  However, once the protagonist learns of the mysterious dissapearance of a little girl many years ago - I was hooked.  The multitude of information only added to the realism of the story and made it highly believable.  The mystery began and it was a breeze of a read from then on until almost the end - when the more technical plot elements returned.  This book I will highly recommend.
B002JVWR9U|5.0|I am completely impressed and grateful to receive such prompt and professional business conduct.    Amazon will continue be my first choice with select purchases. The prices and quality of service is unbeatable.    Thank you so much...    Veronica
B001U3Y5XE|4.0|THIS IS GOOD GAME FOR KIDS WHO LIKE TO BUILD.  IT CAN TURN INTO A LONG GAME IF YOU DON'T SET A TIME LIMIT.
0786860707|5.0|The Illusion of Life: Disney Animation book that I ordered is in excellent condition!  I was very nicely surprised! The price was really good for this book.  Shipment arrived before I was expecting it.  This was a Christmas present, I was worried about the shipping and had a IOU backup that I didn't have to use.  Excellent shopping experience and hassel free with just a few clicks.
B003JTHXOK|5.0|although i could felt like i knew what would probably come next, there where twists that i never would have even thought about happening! its truly a great book and i would recommend it to anyone!
B004EC5IUW|5.0|This is an amazing film, hands down. Now about the Blu-Ray, Just a word to the wise Gainax released this all over Asia already, and there are two versions that exist, Japan's & Asia's. The Japan only version of the Blu-ray is a dual-layer Blu-Ray (50 gigs) all other versions thus far as I understand it are single layer (25 gig) OFFICIAL Blu-Rays. I wonder if America is gonna be \\"Special\\" and get the dual layer version or not. If your like me you will wait and find out before buying... but I already bought the Japanese Release.
1442337966|5.0|The Power CDs were/are everything that I had hoped them to be.  I actually listened to them for 21 days straight in hopes of really getting all that was to get and taking the time to really incorporate some of the points in my thinking and daily practice.  I am at a turning point in my life, making a major career change in very uncertain times for some people, but I feel confident after listening to the Power that the things that I need and want in my life are tiny request from the Power.  I love the pace of her voice, especially since she has an accent.  The information was very interesting and never boring.  I love the packaging of the product.  I especially appreciate how fast I received the product after ordering it (2 days, I think).
0714834491|5.0|Creativity on its side.<br />Deeply philosophical in nature; promotes thinking.<br />What could be better?!<br /><br />A new and brighter perspective!  This book is absolutely brilliant.<br /><br />Janice Taylor<br />author of Our Lady of Weight Loss: Miraculous and Motivational Musings from the Patron Saint of Permanent Fat Removal.
B003H8WSLQ|4.0|With post-punk asthetics. syncopated rhythms and a wide range of guitar sounds, The Foals fill a gap of sound missing so much in this new decade of the new millenium. Guitars play trills, drums pound out new wave dance beats, and subdued singing create a different edge than what we've heard for most of the past year. The dance-math-punk vibe (think: Talking Heads, Gang of Four) feels stranded on a tropical island, as evidenced by such tracks as \\"Spanish Sahara,\\" a soaring melodic mess that is both uplifting and dreamlike at the same time. \\"2 trees\\" lets the two guitar lines duel for control of the song but ultimate it's a beautiful stalemate. \\"Black Gold\\" shakes back and forth with drums giving marching orders to the band to play around with great results.<br /><br />At times it sounds like a direction that Bloc Party chose to abandon (\\"This Orient\\" in particular); other times the songs feel predictable in their slow build up and frenzied explosion at the end. Despite these shortcomings, this is an exceptionally well made album. Calculated in construction, \\"Total Life Forever\\" doesn't replace the promise that The Foals debut record brought, it only cements them further as a band to watch and be ready for in the next few years. Recommended.
B000001DQI|5.0|His masterpiece.  Some great songs on this double CD.  If you are a fan of his, it is a must for your collection.
B001IBIHQ4|5.0|My husband almost cried for joy when he unwraped his favorite Christmas gift, The Pacific!  Thank you for the great price and shipping, we are very happy!
B00006JL1Z|5.0|If you want the best of the best, then this is it.  Every hit that the group put out and there are plenty of them.  Worth buying this one.
0060872675|4.0|On some levels, this book may come off as an attempt to milk a chicken. It seems to go over the heads of many children while being unsatisfying for an adult and generally failing to be entertaining to any parties involved. I am sorry that this seems to be the case with many reviewers, and please email me if you want to get rid of any spare copies you may have inadvertently purchased. Apparently, my 2 year old likes chicken milk. The story is silly, she's familiar with Discworld inasmuch as one can be from the few film/cartoon adaptations available in the US, and she loves the hippopotamus sound. We're hoping to have her copy autographed at the NADW convention, and the household has running bets as to whether she will 1) Ask Sir Terry to read the book to her or 2) attempt to read it to him or 3) (bonus points) if she will recognize him without prompting from the pictures on half the books in the house. It appears that many reviewers have experienced disappointment because the book has either overwhelmed a child audience or underwhelmed an adult one, but it works well for my house. I can't supress a silly little smile even the third time she says \\"More cow?\\"
B00000DCHI|5.0|Purchase only if you do not have all of his CD's as I have.  This contains all of his hit singles and best known album cuts.
B000A2RRF4|4.0|I did not know about this presentation in Budapest, nevertheless you can experience a full stadium a exited crowd, and great performance and Michael show's technology
B000002GFC|4.0|They were only together a short time, but they were all heavyweights in classic rock. All the big ones are here except \\"Doing the Scrapyard Thing\\".
B002TYZKIM|4.0|On this video you can see Michael performing his rehearsal, but there is no difference between real show and rehearsal even though his dancers were singing and clapping for a while.
030746363X|5.0|This book is exciting and reflects the same fast paced style as four hour work week. Tim really did his research for this one, and while every chapter won't be for everyone, it's safe to say everyone will find this book useful. If the techniques seen heriein are practiced ones quality of life would most certainly increase.
B0042U94UQ|5.0|My first experience ordering with Amazon was great! Not to mention that I ordered a week and a half before Christmas and my item arrived earlier than expected. My kids were able to enjoy their movie in time for Christmas.
1439177783|5.0|I loved this book for several reasons.  It's such a raw and honest glimpse into the world of Hollywood and the pressure to be thin that it brings to society.  De Rossi makes it very evident that, despite efforts to cover it up, Hollywood is overwhelmed by actresses who will go to any measure to be skinny.    De Rossi writes a painfully detailed account of life with anorexia.  There are parts that are extremely hard to swallow.  Some were so graphic that they made me squeamish.    One negative thing that I will say about this book, as someone who has suffered from an eating disorder, is that there are parts that can actually trigger tendencies toward the disorder.  The bulk of the book is spent discussing her darkest moments of anorexia, and the details can be very upsetting and a clear reminder of the deepest nature of eating disorders.  Everyone is different and perhaps it won't effect others the way it did me.  In the end, I am still happy I read it.  It is a very moving and well-written book that kept me engaged from beginning to end.
B0042RUMEQ|4.0|I bought this CD not really knowing if I would like it. But from the first track, I got into and knew that it would be a hit! I'm the Best is probably my favorite song and it really gets me going at the beginning of my day. I love multiple tracks although there is 1 or 2 that I'm a little less thrilled about. For instance, I LOVE LOVE LOVE Eminem however I dont get hype for that collab track. Anyone looking to hear some great ballads sprinkled with some awesome hip hop tracks, should buy this album!
B0041O40EI|3.0|I thought this was a great concept.  Stage 1 is to build a jigsaw puzzle of London from the 1600s.  Graphics were good.  Gave you a sense of how the town was growing on the Thames.  Stage 2 was to overlay a second jigsaw puzzle, locked into the first showing present day London.  It was interesting to see that much of the growth in the succeeding 400 years stayed on the north side of the Thames but grew east instead.  Stage 3 was to take plastic miniature replicas of buildings, old and new, and place them in pre-cut holes according to the date constructed.  I thought the finished project showed well and it was fun putting it together.    Others have mentioned the similar puzzle shapes.  Being an avid puzzler, the tougher puzzles do have similar shapes as it makes the puzzle more challenging.    A word or two about the quality.  The pieces are foam backed.  I've built quite a few of the old Wrebbit Puzz 3D puzzles.  Those are of a higher quality than this puzzle.  The foam is mushier on this puzzle.  Perhaps that's because the Puzz 3D was really a 3D puzzle so needed to be structurally sound.  This company should also take a bit more care in disassembling the pieces for packaging.  Some were folded or bent and the cutters that cut the pieces don't always make a complete cut.  Many of the pieces were connected out of the box so I had to take great care in taking those apart so as not to rip the image.  So I think the quality control could stand a little improvement.    But it is a new concept in puzzling and they get high praise for that.  Despite the cost, I might get a few more
B0042JTDXK|5.0|I bought this as a gift for my mom and it arrived in great condition, works perfectly and it also arrived within a day or two after it shipped out.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I really enjoyed this book.  The pace is perfect, the writing is fun to read, the characters have depth, and I was always on my toes.  It is thought provoking for sure.  Even though there is death and death is one of the themes of the book, the author uses is more as a \\"value of life\\" lesson than a bloodslinging gore fest (which I really appreciated).  Excellent read.
030746363X|5.0|Several of my co-workers have bought this book since seeing the changes in me, and because I haven't shut up about it.
B003YFIUW8|4.0|I loved this book.  I read the kindle version of it on my kindle, which was great - took me 3 days to read the entire thing (although, the kindle version has a good handful of typos).  The pros: very unique, touching, adorable characters, great morals in the characters.  The cons: it seemed to end abruptly?  I would have liked to know the future, how they made out in the end farther down the road of their lives (assuming there isn't a sequel out there/on the way).  Recommended!
0439023513|4.0|No, we don't. And here it is. Mockingjay is a return to form, a page turner as exciting as The Hunger Games. The real world is messy, and Collins makes the world of The Hunger Games equally messy, and that makes it a richer story.     The book is strongest when portraying Katniss's thoughts and feelings, weakest when it goes into nerdy detail about the technology of Panem. Collins also tends to hold the reader's hand a bit too much. And while I liked the ending, I thought it developed too quickly and that made it seem a bit forced.
B0021L8V0W|3.0|I think you all remember the marketing for this movie this past summer. I thought it was done well and had me interested in seeing the movie. What I finally did see was a letdown. I liked the idea of Angelina Jolie being a spy and liked the first half on the film, but it went downhill (SPOILER) after her husband was killed. Then, not only did Angelina turn into yet another assasin living only to get revenge, half of the cast ended up being secret Russian spies. They could have done better and I was disappointed.
B001TZSZJ8|4.0|This is a review of the 1994 release, which displays a run time of 52:06 minutes on the LED display. Might have scored this album 77.5/100 or 80/100 if not for the final track, which may be a little naff...it's not an unlistenable track by any means...just a little odd compared to the rest of the album.      The tracks:      Atom heart mother - 23:44. The LCD display has this song as running this length but it takes many seconds for the music to start. Elsewhere the track is listed as being 23:36 long...which sounds about right. This disparity is not as pronounced on the other tracks.  After the short  wait for the music to start you get mostly mellow symphonic music (brass instruments feature a lot on this track). Choral voices also feature and occasionally their melodies are quite nice, as are the trumpet melodies (I'm assuming it's a trumpet). Later there's a bluesy bit with an electric guitar and organ. Later you get violins and bass. Electric noises occur at the end. This part is less pleasant and is what prevents me as marking this track out as notable. There is some static on the end of the track....7:07 - 6:45 minutes from the end of the track. Bass is delicate. A lone, ethereal female voice sings then you hear male and female voices in a choir. Some bluesy lead guitar on the track too.    If - 4:30. Mellow track, with mostly acoustic guitar notes and a gentle vocal approach. Some of the lyrics are a bit naff. Insanity is mentioned twice...perhaps a reference to former lead singer Syd Barrett. You also hear some piano, electric guitar playing lead and the organ.     Summer 68 - 5:29.  \\">[.]\\". Song with a mural like texture. Starts off gently with a nice bass and nice piano lick. Vocals are pleasant. Nice melodies occur at times. There's a very brassy passage in this song. Other parts of this song are more rock, with 1960s style harmonising...including Beach Boys style vocals. Acoustic guitar strums later, and I think there is a violin in this track too.Trying to make out a lyric in this song, I think I hear \\"Charlotte Gringell's Jew\\".  Hmm.     Fat old sun - 5:22. Bookended by the sound of bells. In the middle you get acoustic guitar strumming and electric guitar with a country twang playing lead. Vocals are gentle. Bass and organ are heard. Later you hear an electric guitar in rock music mode. The drums also get busy towards the end of the track.    Alan's psychedelic breakfast - 13:00.  Staged ambient domestic soundscape alternating with phenoogling music. At one moment pleasant sounding, whilst next being rock music with solid drums. As for the domestic soundscape, it's pretty obvious what is cooking. This just may be the first song in history to make salivate! You get some naff chat of the man talking to himself...perhaps presaging a track like \\"Money\\" on \\"The dark side of the moon\\". These human noises are overcooked, so to speak...as if the band is worried it will sound too faint otherwise. The piano melody at the start sounds sort of familiar. An organ also features, and it sounds is if the drummer is using his foot to play the cymbals. One passage has two acoustic guitars playing notes, and at some point you hear an electric slide guitar, I think.      Recommendations for Pink Floyd:      Meddle - have listened to this one time as I write this review and I like it better than this album.    More - has some mellow tracks and a couple of very heavy rock tracks, which I like.    The piper at the gates of dawn - strangely compelling album...
0307463745|5.0|Short and sweet and to the point.  Great practical insights in as few as words possible.  I love it.
B002ZG981E|1.0|what is this movie about?  mind bending action drama?  exploration of dreams and how ideas can be \\"extracted\\" and \\"incepted\\"?  matrix wannabe?  it's all three... or is it?  i'm going to go along with the logic of the movie and write this review.      -->  SPOILERS ARE IN THIS REVIEW - do not read further if you care.    there is a kernel of an interesting idea in this movie.  how can dreams be explored and formed.  how are you able to use dreams and the dreamscape as a metaphor to steal the innermost ideas of someone.  in this case, the idea is that you can put a high level executive into a dream state, create a dreamscape for him, and then convince him to reveal his secrets.  frankly, i found that to be a DULL scenario.  here is an idea for getting the most intimate secrets from someone, and it's going to be on the secret formula for coca-cola, the 13 secret spices of KFC's or something like that.  so already, the plot is suffering from a lack of excitement.  in order to make up for that dullness, Nolan interjects some action through security forces, rioters, a staged kidnapping and car chases (gotta love a car chase for no apparent reason), and James Bondian assaults on a secret snow covered base.  you see, what happens in reality can affect the dream so if you play music for someone, they can hear it in the dream.  if the car goes into freefall, people are gravity-free in the dream.  the latter leads into an interesting fight scene (that lasts too long) reminiscent of Fred Astaire in the Royal Wedding.  if you hit water, you are in a flood in the dream...  you get it?  it's pretty straightforward. and b/c time is exponential in each layer, a few seconds in one layer are minutes in another, years if you go deep enough.  so, the concluding part of the movie is intercut by each layer, b/c Nolan thinks you NEED to be reminded of this simple idea over and over again.  oh, the van is falling so... sloooooowly... while, guys are fighting in freefall... while the snow assault is exploding... while Cobb leads the token Juno through his dreamland.    the idea is to extract a secret.  but, then it is asked if we can put in an idea - inception.  oooooooh! no way! oh, wait, sure, no problem.  seems like that it has been done before by Cobb (DiCaprio) to his wife.  it is a mystery though...  what exactly happened to his wife?      so, the idea is to have the heir of a giant corporation, and rival to Saito, to break his company apart.  how exciting is that?  i've never yawned so much before.  wouldn't it be easier to just take over the company? or just kill him?  it's a movie, right?  Saito is a mysterious and super powerful business figure that can erase a criminal record and fix it so Cobb can return to the US with just a phone call.  and he's got a helicopter. and he can kill people with impunity.  but, he can't break up a rival company except through this convoluted scheme?  you can almost hear the Mission Impossible music.    so the setup is that it is highly dangerous and almost impossible... but, there it is a second later.  it is that kind of smooth glossy logic that makes Inception kind of corny.  the idea that a dream can happen within a dream is a marvel!  Saito says, \\"Impressive.\\"  then, Cobb wants to do a 3 layer dream.  oooooh!  no way!  oh, wait, no problem.  seems like the Yusuf, the chemist that creates the drug to put people in a dream, has been doing it for a while.  all the protests of the dangers and complications of a 3 layer dream are washed away.  but, wait, it gets better!  by the end of the film, you are in a 5 layer dream!  that's impossible, you say???  nah, it's no problem.  so, the sense of danger of doing any multilayer dream is really just glossed over.  and any profound complexity is just adding another layer of dreams.    how is it like matrix?  well, how do you know when you're in a dream?  this is the Brain-in-a-vat question.  turns out Cobb and his wife had created their \\"perfect\\" world for fifty years(Cobb the architect and his wife, the oracle... ha! it's a stretch but, i went there.)  there's even a \\"training session\\" of Juno much like Morpheus taking Neo thru training simulations of the real matrix.  the sub-conscious is represented by the people in the dreams and they act much like agents when they sense something foreign in the dream.    all throughout the movie, Nolan wants to put in that cliche personal layer.  what about Cobb's wife and his kids?  well, turns out Cobb's wife got lost in the dreams, so he \\"put in\\" the idea that she was in a dream.  she escapes by killing herself in the dream - thus waking up in the real world. (unlike the matrix, if you die in the dream, you don't die in real life.)  problem is, the idea is still there so she still thinks she's in another layer of dreams.  she can't recognize reality any longer... or is it reality???  ah, the ending is ambiguous and cliche.  Nolan wants to leave you spinning on that question.    at this point, if you've kept up, you either really cared deeply or like me, you've just wasted two hours (+ half an hour writing this review).  i didn't find any likable characters, just a series of annoying ones (Juno is the worst by the way).  found most of the ideas derivative and not really developed - hey, Nolan, if you're going to challenge us with all the hype, please deliver.  and the action could have been pulled from any other generic action movie.    i've read some of the other reviews that give this movie 5 stars, but, i think it's safe to say that i am in disagreement.    btw, i really like Matrix.  if you couch a simple idea with coolness and martial arts, i'll go along for the ride.  just do it well... do it well, Nolan.
B0031MA8VA|5.0|After watching Sex and the City (Movie) I knew I fell in love with this book. Unfortunately it wasn't available yet, it was created after the movie actually, when the made-up book captured the hearts of people like me. This is a beautiful book.
B0042RUMIW|5.0|The is a outstanding DVD/CD set from STING's concert!  I was very pleased with the production and music preformance.  Only wished I had attended the Concert in person after watching the DVD.  This is a must buy if you like STING and 2 thumbs up from my corner of the world!
030746363X|5.0|Amazing book!  Fat-loss to muscle gain, increasing testosterone to running a marathon.  Tim has written a book that covers it all.  The BEST health and fitness book I have ever read.  This is the first time I have ever considered anything like this life changing.  I have recomended this book to so many people that they think I've gone crazy.  You must buy this book!  Thank you Tim Ferriss!
1401324029|4.0|I read \\"Heat Wave\\" last January, the first \\"Castle\\" book to come out as a result of the show. I enjoyed it. But this one was much better. The writing was better, the dialogue was wittier, and the plot was a lot more interesting. It makes me wonder, was it written by a different ghost writer than the first? If so, they should keep this second guy!<br /><br />The characters were more flushed out and the action was more detailed. The plot itself was definitely more intricate and involved a larger cast of suspicious characters, sending the reader into a suspenseful page-turning frenzy. Ok, I may be over-exaggerating a bit since it is a book based on a TV show based on a writer, but you get the gist...<br /><br />Honestly, these books written by \\"Richard Castle\\" are just ways for Hollywood to make more money off of this fabulous tv show, and I don't expect them to be anything more than amusing diversions. But please, keep them coming!
B001I82RVS|5.0|Tokyo Gore Police is a movie that is just too awesome not to see. Last I checked it had 100% on Rotten Tomatoes an honor few movies have. It is not a masterpiece of cinematic genies it is a bloody silly romp or ridiculous fights and monsters. When they say gore they mean gore. I think the first 5 minutes have more blood in them than all other movies combined, and the last fight has to have more blood in it than all other movies will ever have. The most standout feature of this movie though is the fake commercials that exist in the distopian world that the movie is set in. They are the most hilarious things on earth. Not since Starship Troopers and Robo Cop have there been such brilliant things in a movie.     The plot of the movie is very basic. In a disstopian future Tokyo where a Private Police force maintains the law a new villain has emerged. They are called Engeniers, and their wounds turn into deadly weapon. The main character is the best Engenier hunter of the Police Force and is set upon investigating a serial killer that is somehow linked to the emergance of these monsters, and her own troubled past.     The movie is a must see for any fan of violent, bloody, monster animes, comics, and movies. If you want rediculously over the top monsters and fights this is your movie. You will not be disapointed.
030746363X|5.0|I live a pretty healthy lifestyle, but exercise has been my one downfall. This book definitely got me off the office chair and swinging the kettle ball again. What I love about this book is that it was written specifically for me! Right down to my back problems, sleep problems and great tips to make an already healthy diet even better. I can't even imagine how much time it took to gather all of this information. But the cool thing is that I didn't have to - Tim did it for me! Thanks, Tim!
B003ZDZ1WG|5.0|I haven't taken this CD out of my player in my car since I got it, it's on repeat nonstop. I love this CD. I can't wait for more of them!
B003NFM3JK|5.0|I'm typically not a Jim Carrey fan but thought it would be a fun video for the Xmas season.  Boy was I right!!  It was wonderfully acted and produced.  The dark characters, which are expected in this well known tale, were portrayed in a unique web of intrigue and visual magic.  Jim Carrey tends to go over the top with almost all of his characterizations.  Thankfully in this one, he finds just the right balance.  It was like seeing A Christmas Carol for the first time.  This is a video to be enjoyed by all every Xmas.
B003TXSF5C|4.0|An enjoyable book that is fairly light reading (for a Hawkings book).  I have the Kindle version and was pleasantly surprised to find pictures, jokes and illustrations included.    The basic theme of the book is that the universe can be explained without the need to resort to supreme entities.  For those who are unable to to accept this premise then it is unlikely that the book will of great interest (as proven by some of the review I have read).  For those that are open to what Hawkings and Mlodinow have to present it is a logical presentation of the various theories in use to try and explain why we are here.    Where possible analogies are used to help understand the concepts and a few jokes included to keep the reading light and easy.    Perhaps the only downside is the book is rather short, but to go on any longer would belabour the point.
030746363X|5.0|I know there's a lot of hype about this book among people who are looking to make that last jump to superhuman, some of my friends among them. I'm not among them, and a fair number of health and fitness books seem to be tailored only to those people, despite their claims at huge success among the overweight. This book was nice. It was broken into small sections, making it easy to read and digest the information necessary without too much overload - my 150 pages only took a couple hours to read and understand.<br />The diet itself was great, but as some have mentioned nothing he says is new, and in fact the whole diet was posted to Gizmodo before the book was published. The downside to it was the number of supplements he asks you to use to get full potential. I'm a college student, and the book itself was kind of my splurge for the semester. No way can I afford the supplements too.<br />I really enjoyed the tone and layout of the book, not to mention the scientific material. Even if some of Ferriss' stuff is later \\"disproved\\" (as most everything is at some point), at least he can say that he researched the hell out of this when he could.<br />Glad I splurged on the book.
B003XF1XOQ|3.0|I loved the first two books.  This one started out good then just kind of peetered out, like the author got bored and just hurried up and wound everything up.
030746363X|5.0|My husband is a fan of The Four Hour Workweek and discovered the Four Hour Body diet on Tim Ferriss's blog. He lost close to 30 lbs in 30 days without being hungry and without changing his exercise (he plays basketball a couple of days a week, for pleasure, but it wasn't touching his weight problem). The results impressed me and now that the book is out I'm trying the diet too. It's an easy, fun plan (especially the \\"reverse Lent\\" days). And it's healthy - the focus is on whole foods and there's nothing weird or really restrictive, except for getting rid of sugar, white carbs, and soda, which we should all ditch anyway.    Outside of the chapters devoted to the diet, the book as a whole takes a sledgehammer to all sorts of received wisdom, medical and otherwise. Very refreshing - without descending into quackery or fringe science. It's a sort of controlled lunacy and at the end of it, if you follow the advice, you get to look like a god or goddess. Not bad!
B002VPE1B6|5.0|This movie is very entertaining and well made. Of course, the story line is not original but not too many movies can make that claim. My family had a great time watching it in the theater and recently at home for the second time. James Cameron is one of a few directors who can make a long movie enjoyable to watch.
B003X2O6KW|5.0|I still love this ablum and i had it for over a month. Kanye's music has meaning but is still great to listen to. This is his bes album yet, the best album of the year(maybe next time Eminem) and kanye proved that he has a reason to have such a huge ego. Lastly i want to say, why am i(or i feel like i am) the only 16 year old listening this!!! Great album. What is your favorite track guys
0321525655|5.0|Presented with clarity, brevity and simplicity.  More importantly, it persuades. I highly recommend.    I was always afraid to speak in public.  Overcoming that fear was one step, but Presentation Zen closes the loop on making a great presentation.  One of the key themes of this book is the use of Zen principles to improve presentations.
B000PMLFRA|1.0|Its not clear but it seems that these are just a blu-ray version of the tampered-with movies.  In this case I won't be wasting my money.  If the original, un-spoiled versions ever come out on blu-ray, you'll have a customer.
B003O86FMW|4.0|I really liked this book.  Not as much as the first, but more than the third.<br /><br />Side note:  if you are deciding to buy this book and have not read the description of the 3rd book yet, don't or you will have the ending to this one ruined like I did.
B002KSPKRS|5.0|I could not be happier with these headphones.... they sound GREAT! You cant even turn them all the way up, they would be way too loud.. They sound great, look great. the batteries last a good while . I dont know about how \\"surround sound\\" they are. but MAN they sound good!
B003ZTQN1I|3.0|Saw the movie and just had to have the soundtrack.  I was disappointed with only one of the songs on the soundtrack - Give in to Me by Faith Hill.  To me her recording of this song fell flat, especially when compared to the duet of Leighton Meester and Garrett Hedlund that was in the film.      I also wished that the Garrett Hedlund version of Timing is Everything was on the CD, though Trace Adkins rendition is excellent; Trace is almost always excellent.      Gwyneth did a great job! Hard to believe she hasn't really done any singing before.  And Leighton's got a really powerful voice that could upstage many of the mainstream, female, country artists on the radio today if she has a mind to.
B003JTHXOK|5.0|This is a nice change to the last couple of books Sparks has written. This book was very different in context than the tradition lovey-women-and-man-fall-in-love-and-live-happily-ever-after. Once I got past the first half of the book, I couldn't put it down. I was continually looking for more and waiting to see what would happen next. This was the one Sparks book that I couldn't predict the ending because it was so different. Thanks Nicholas Sparks for this change in pace. I thoroughly enjoyed this book. I hope the next book is equally as good.
0810997827|5.0|The Box set that arrived yesterday was top quality in every way!  The kids love the stories, and the hard cover books - which is rare as these days they are usually soft covers for book sets, is first rate.  Thank you Amazon! Julie from Australia!
B000JQUKKU|5.0|Kindle download.  I've seen the film, listened to a dramatization and finally read the book.  Enjoyed it as always.  Thanks.
B002MQYOFW|5.0|I really liked this book.  It was quick, easy, and fun to read.  I recomended it to some people after reading about it in a magazine and they finnished all 3 before I even got to start.  And they were both right.  After I got to a certain point in the book a few chapters in I couldn't put it down.  And I had to read the 2nd book right after to see what happened.    P.S. if you continue on to view details on the 3nd book don't read the description on the 2nd book or you will have something big ruined as I did.
030746363X|5.0|I absolutely loved Tim's other book, the 4 Hour Workweek. The 4 Hour Body is written in the same manner because Tim actually does the things he is sharing. I bought 2 of these, 1 for me and 1 for my husband, because I don't want to share this one. It's going to be a reference book that lives next to my bed just like the 4 Hour workweek. Well done Tim!
B002KREVCO|5.0|It's really awesome! If you're an AC/DC fan, you MUST have it.  The cover is beautiful, the quality of the pictures and the design of the material are very nice.  Only thought that the DVD could contain more live videos (you can find only 2 of them), but it's great the same way.  The quality of the audio is fine too!
0307272702|4.0|This book is the cleanest, clearest, most reasonable and logical thing I've read on food.  It demolishes the negative, builds the positive, and presents a confident path through the confusion about food and weight.  To those who have been beat up by the gang of guilt, blame, and carbohydrates, Why We Get Fat is very good news.
B002ZG97E2|5.0|Hilarious and charming movie! I originally saw this in the theater with my then 6 1/2 year old. We both got lots of laughs! My son even asked if he could see the movie AGAIN the next day so this was a no-brainer of a purchase.
0307388921|3.0|'Choke' is my first Palahniuk novel, though I am familiar with his story 'Fight Club' because it is one of my all-time favorite movies, which I have watched at least a dozen times. I was in the mood for something dark and though 'Choke' did scratch the itch somewhat, it certainly has its faults.    Meet Victor Mancini, a gullible sex addict who grew up traveling from one foster home to the next because his mother was seen as unfit to raise a child. This doesn't stop her from stealing him away from his foster parents (numerous times) though. So, Victor had a screwed up (though adventurous!) life growing up so it's understandable why he's a bit screwed up in the head as an adult. Aside from sex addiction Victor likes to create heroes out of every day people by fake-choking in restaurants and allowing patrons to 'save' his life. This is how Victor makes some cash on the side. Some people almost take him in as another child or family member and send him money on occasion. Get enough people to do this and you can make a living, though not a very good one. Victor has problems though. His mother is 40+ years older than he so she is growing old. She suffers from dementia and she harbors a secret. She doesn't even know her own child when she sees him; she (typically) believes he's her defense attorney. Victor is struggling to make enough money to support his mother, and really, he doesn't seem to care all that much for her anyways.    This novel had me going for awhile. I love the gritty, grimy world that Vincent lives in. This book definitely has the same feel as 'Fight Club' - I could almost hear Ed Norton's voice narrating this novel. The problem is that this book can become quite repetitive at times, dedicating entire chapters to something that could be said in a paragraph or two. Also, about 60% in it started becoming a bit weird with religious ideas that felt really tacked on. I understand Victor is gullible, but it gets a bit ridiculous towards the end. It's as thoughPalahniuk ran out of steam and had to think of *something, anything* to finish the novel.    I liked this book just enough to explore Palahniuk further. The next book by Palahniuk I read will be 'Fight Club' because I love the movie. I'm sure the book will be great, but with 'Choke' already feeling so much like 'Fight Club' atmosphere-wise that has me worried that Chuck is a one-trick pony. I'm still craving something really dark though, maybe Ellis will deliver with 'American Psycho'.
1400052173|5.0|What is there to say about a book so widely acclaimed?  What can I possibly add to the discourse?  Truthfully, there isn't much I can say that hasn't been said before, so I will keep this brief.<br /><br />The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks is journalist Rebecca Skloot's first book, and it was ten years in the writing.  In that time, she didn't merely research her subject matter thoroughly, she became a participant in the story she was writing.  As a biology student, Rebecca's interest was piqued when she learned of the contribution to medicine and science of a cell line called HeLa--the first ever \\"immortal\\" human cell line.  Immortal because the cells would continue to reproduce in culture indefinitely, as long as they were fed and cared for.  It had been going on for decades.  What Rebecca wondered was: Where did these cells come from?  Therein lies the tale...<br /><br />Nowadays, it is relatively common knowledge that these cells were cultured from a woman named Henrietta Lacks who died of cervical cancer back in 1951.  That wasn't always the case.  Ms. Lacks' identity, and the contribution she unwittingly made to the world, was obscured for years.  Unwittingly, because the culture of her tumor was taken without her knowledge or consent.  This was common practice at the time.<br /><br />The book covers a lot of territory.  There is detailed biographical information about the life and death of Henrietta Lacks.  There is a lot of information about the contribution of the HeLa cells to science, from helping develop the polio vaccine, to going up into space.  There is a thorough discussion of the bio-medical ethics in general, of the sad history of this issue and race, and in light of current issues and technology.  And, finally, it is very much the story of the family that Henrietta Lacks left behind, her husband, five children, and innumerable cousins, and their interactions and relationship with the author.<br /><br />Material that could have been overly complex or dry is absolutely engrossing.  And all subject matter is handled with sensitivity and intelligence.  It was all so interesting, but I think my favorite parts were the ethical discussions, past, present, and future.  Reading the shameful history is painful.  Unfortunately, in many ways the present isn't much of an improvement.  Ms. Skloot ends her book in a primer of the issues we face moving forward.  Hopefully, the more educated we are, the better we can protect ourselves and others.  For now, it's a small step forward to see this subject matter gain such wide readership.  And happily, there seems to be little danger of Henrietta's name or contribution being lost to history again.rossing.  And all subject matter is handled with sensitivity and intelligence.  It was all so interesting, but I think my favorite parts were the ethical discussions, past, present, and future.  Reading the shameful history is painful.  Unfortunately, in many ways the present isn't much of an improvement.  Ms. Skloot ends her book in a primer of the issues we face moving forward.  Hopefully, the more educated we are, the better we can protect ourselves and others.  For now, it's a small step forward to see this subject matter gain such wide readership.  And happily, there seems to be little danger of Henrietta's name or contribution being lost to history again.
B002BNKQDK|5.0|It's awesome!  For fans, it's really well designed, it's a perfect replica from the movie's ship.  It make some noises like it's lauching, but the quality of this noises are not great, just ok.  It has some lights too, that are on whenever you play those noises.  Well, it's a very nice way to keep your 3 medias that are included (the director's cut blu-ray makes difference).  The only \\"but\\" is that the ship is not well fixed to the base. If you do not have caution enough while holding it, the ship will fall, and...well, my ship didn't fall yet to know what happens, haha. But that's it, not a kids toy!  Made for precautious big fans! Highly recommended!
B00005MP58|5.0|This was a the best version of Pride and Prejudice I have ever seen. I see that this movie really lauched Colin Firth's career. To me, he will always be Mr. Darcy; for there is no other, really. This version was very light-hearted, fun, and funny. The cinematography was lush, the acting great, the actors portrayed their characters remarkably. In the later version with Keira Knightly, Mr. Darcy was too young, Donald Sutherland, an American, who played Mr. Bennett was too apathetic, and didn't have the closeness to Lizzie as did the 1996 A&E version with Colin Firth. Brenda Blevin was a tired, old-looking mother. She didn't displayed the funny and silliness of the mother in 1996 version. But worst of all was the part of Lydia, the youngest sister, who was played by Jenna Malone, an American, who was not the least bit interesting. This lastest version should never have been made as far as I'm concerned.
030746363X|5.0|If you're anything like me, you don't have time to read a review that is 12 pages long saying the same thing over and over. Here are the facts: Tim's experiments and studies take methods that people have considered \\"science,\\" and show that it is nothing more than bad science and horrible philosophies that come to fruit in magazines and tv programs. Do the work the book says, go on the Slow carb diet, quit trying to justify strenuous ridiculous exercises you don't need, and become ripped and healthy. It doesn't make sense because we've been conditioned otherwise. Look at his studies, his research and see for yourself it's for real.
B001FB5634|5.0|This film touched me in a number of ways. I was impressed with the son's acting  - Kodi Smit-McPhee. The only hope seen is the unending compassion of a father for his son - the kind of connection that a parent would have with their children if they knew there were only a short time to spend together. The art of survival.<br /><br />Probably the darkest flick I have ever seen. Loved it and hated it.
0316078913|1.0|It has been more than a month since I ordered this book and it never came.  I emailed the sender and they never responded.  Next time I won't buy Amazon.
030746363X|5.0|I wish I could . . . lose 30 pounds, bench press 250 pounds, run a marathon, be a better lover.  One thing at a time folks but Tim Ferris gives us sneaky shortcuts to do whatever we want with out bodies.  The choose your own adventure format allows you to skip to the section of the book that you need.      This book won't make you superhuman but it can make you better.  Lots of interesting tips.  I loved it.
B003EMVDFC|5.0|My co-worker and I have been sharing music, she turned me onto this band.  I instantly loved it. I now own many of their albums.  Great combination of harmonizing, heavy metal and symphonic metal. If you like fantasy baised music this album is for you.
B003DT19F0|5.0|I was pleased to receive my copy of the new Tink DVD. It was as I expected very enjoyable for the entire family.
B0036EH3U2|5.0|If you're reading this then you probably already know how amazing this series is. I won't waste your time with that. The one thing I will comment on is the packaging. A lot of reviews are complaining about the packaging, but if you have any other Blu-Ray collections you should find that it's pretty consistent with every thing else. The box is big, but only cause it holds the whole series. It fits fine on my shelf and will fit fine on yours. This is an amazing collection and you will not regret buying this!
B002UXRGM0|5.0|I got this Blu-Ray for my girlfriend for part of her Christmas (we're in to the whole nature video thing).  The shots in this film are remarkable.  The BBC did a great job on this Blu-Ray as well as the Planet Earth Blu-Ray.  If you have an HDTV and a Blu-Ray player you NEED to see this film.  It really shows off the beauty of 1080p.
0671027344|5.0|This book was a gift for my 15 year old daughter who loved it and wants to read more books written by this author.  I think this says a lot for the book, since my daughter is a rare reader.  The subject seemed to strike a chord of interest with her.
B0043RSE2M|4.0|The film is excellent. Pure fun. Just to be a bit critical, they could have explored a little more certain characters as the main character's mother and the scientist (whose relationship with Gru seemed kind of dubious, sometimes as his assistant, sometimes giving him orders). They also might have granted us with more 3D effects. But in short, well worth watching.
B003VS0CWO|5.0|had this on dvd but went on sale had to get it on Blu-ray, they did really job on the transfer from the DVD. The picture quality is really good, there on snow or grain in picture. sound is in 7.1 which is total cool,I'm working on getting my 7.1 system up and running.just have the T.V. speakers but still sounds really good,sure most people know what this is about. think it speaks to everyone in a different way,and those that are on the outside& last in space:)
B0036EH3U2|4.0|I bought this complete series for my brother during Christmas this year. He was very pleased with the picture quality and overall product. He would recommend to anyone who enjoys anything sci-fi.
0439882826|5.0|In the words of my 4 year old grandson \\"Luke has a light stick, just like mine\\"  What more needs to be said?  It is an absolute hit with him!  Great book!!
B003TJR2HS|4.0|I was thrilled to find this product after unexpectedly upgrading to the iPhone 4.  I had recently purchased 2 Philips Alarm Clock/Radio docking stations, one for home and one for work.  I was really bummed out when I discovered it was not compatible.  Now I can continue to charge/play music with my new iPhone 4 and my son can still use it with my old iPhone 3G.  As soon as these are back in stock, I will be buying a 2nd one!
1607886278|5.0|I listen to a lot of audio books, and I'm pretty critical.    This one is the best I've heard in a long time!  In fact, I think it must be better (since it's unabridged) than the actual book, because of the different voices.  They are all so well done, especially Jack's!    Don't miss it ... well worth the money and time.
B004G6009U|5.0|My daughter wanted to see this movie, so when it finally reached our theater in Japan, we went. My son wasn't to thrilled to be seeing another girl movie, but at the end of the film he couldn't stop talking about it. I don't know who liked it more, my son or my daughter. It was a great movie. I actually liked it better then The Princess and the Frog, which I loved. I even came home, skyped my grandmother and told her that she had to see this movie. Cannot wait to get it on DVD.
B002UJIY70|5.0|Just when you think you have it figured out . . . .    Yeah, worth buying because you will watch it twice.
B002ZG980U|1.0|It's unfortunate that all the people that really liked this movie couldn't wake up and realize that it's really just a steaming pile of poo.
B000005JA8|5.0|Trout Mask Replica is, without a doubt, groundbreaking.  It is a masterpiece. It is the cornerstone. It is indespensable. It is also raw, jagged, viseral, in your face, no one gets out alive Beefheart.  You gotta love it!  I, however, do not feel it is the peak of Mt Beef.  It's like a young man with his first hot rod.  He has all the right pieces, carb, headers, manifold, cam.  They are bolted on, and make your heart pound when you push the pedel down.  But, Doc at The Radar Station is the blown Hemi.  Tuned by the master at the top of his game, firing on all cylinders, and making both sweet music and brutal power. Groundpounding, wheelspinning, chunks of moletn rubber hitting you in the ears! When \\"Trout\\" hits the redline, you fear it may throw a rod (your mind that is).
0316098337|4.0|It was a little difficult to get into the novel because the story comes from a 5 year-old's POV that has been separated from society. I had a similar problem when reading \\"The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Nighttime,\\" and eventually stopped reading that novel.     However, since I was reading \\"Room\\" for a book club, I trekked on. In the end, I was glad to have stuck with it. Ultimately, I believe the narrating technique was effective because it made it easy to step into the character's shoes since the narrator is very much in the process of forming their own identity and so never alienated me. Amongst other things, the work ended up making me reflect quite a bit about my own place in society as a private/public member of it, grief, letting go, death, and breaking boundaries.
B000009CTM|5.0|Perfect!
B0015XHP4K|5.0|Yeah, Rambo is a guilty pleasure for every guy (and woman?).  Very interesting to see Sly's aging over the years.    This is a good box set -- get it.
030746363X|4.0|Maybe some have had the opportunity to get all the way through the 550 pages of material - I've followed Tim's advice and only read about 200 pages so far.  What an exciting read those pages have been!    This tome is a cookbook, exercise manual, and science fair idea generator.  For those who want lots of nitty-gritty, analytical details, Tim has a lot of documentation both of his own experimentation and citations from many well regarded individuals and publications.  If you just want to skip to \\"the end\\" and find the answers to fill in the blanks, that's also clearly spelled out, too.    The great thing is that Tim's style is engaging, and entertaining.  So, there is a TON of technical information, but he uses anecdotes and stories to tie the themes together in a way that keeps the book moving almost as a narrative, not some dry instruction manual.    It's not all roses for me.  I expected as much from reading articles on his blog, but there is language I'd rather not read and some perspective bias about the reasons why some of the experiments have proven useful (mostly in the diet section).  I approach things from a different perspective, but - as he ties it all together with research and experimentation - I can't argue with his results.    The bottom line: This isn't a collection of some crackpot's funny ideas, these are tested, proven steps to achieve goals many have looked for.  Is this a prescription to change your life?  Not with any FDA stamp of approval, but give it a shot - and you'll be glad you did.  I'm already seeing benefits!
044654759X|5.0|I think I would have to say this in one of my favorite books by Nicholas Sparks. If you like any other books by him you will like this one as well.
B002ZG981E|5.0|Christopher Nolan is currently my favorite Hollywood director.  He is a master storyteller with the camera and always makes thought provoking movies.  I never sat in a movie theater and felt every single person in the theater was completely sucked into the movie, until I saw Inception.  People may like to make fun of the multi-layered plot line of the movie, but despite what anyone might say Christopher Nolan knows how to make a movie that grabs your attention.  As long as your able to allow yourself to accept the premise of the movie you will be entirely drawn in.  A great job by DiCaprio of course in selling such a complex concept and Tom Hardy is quickly becoming one of my favorite actors.
B0002V7O3I|2.0|the movie was a gift for my son {20}. It was one of his favorite childhood movies. The one we purchased,for $20 dollars, was a cut version that was not told to us. We broke out his old VCR version taped off the TV and it was less cut than the Xmas gift. so sad.   Mom
B000O179HW|1.0|This is the first time I've been disappointed purchasing through Amazon. The Dreamgirls DVD will not work in any of the players at my house. I've tried 5 different dvd players and even tried my blu-ray player too. But to no avail.
0446563048|5.0|I've follow Tony for quite some time now and I've always been inspired by Zappos and their company culture.  This book dives deep into the company's challenging beginnings and it's growth that was successful due to unwavering optimism, hard work, and an amazing company culture that all companies should embrace.  All companies need to develop their own culture that works best for them, happier employees means an overall better company.  What I like is this is not about just company growth, but personal growth...which is where it all starts!
B00275EHJQ|5.0|I ordered the Toy Story 3 Blu-ray during the hectic holiday season.  It was delivered extremely quickly after I placed my order.  Thank you!
B0043GAZYS|4.0|This movie was very entertaining and funny.  It almost seems like not a second in the movie goes by without some sort of video game reference being made, although it may not be very obvious to some.  All in all I really enjoyed this movie, the cast had great chemistry and Edgar Wright did a fantastic job in directing it.  You do not have to be a gamer to love this movie, its really fun to watch and the soundtrack is awesome!
B003EI2EH2|5.0|If you are truly ready to lose weight, follow this plan and you will lose it without feeling like you are starving.The first couple of days were a drag which goes to show how addicted I was to fast carbohydrates. It has been two weeks and my energy levels are improving daily.
030746363X|5.0|This book gave me the product to buy for sound  (pill-less)  sleep.   It is a cornucopia  of enthusiastic information.   This  also details the only  diet that has worked for me.  I particularly like the way  Tim  anticipates  your procrastination excuses, and demolishes them, one by one !     Bravo !
0756656230|5.0|This was on my 10 year olds Christmas wish list.  He had seen it at the book store but I teased him that he looked at it all while he was there so why would he want it now?  But he recieved it for Christmas and it has traveled with him everywhere we have gone since!  All the family gatherings, friends homes, etc.  And everyone he shows it to finds something of interest in it.  There's lots of interesting facts and some neat photos of some very cool lego creations.  My sister in law was incredibly impressed when she quizzed him on some lego facts.  My son is a huge lego fan and now he has some knowledge of the history of legos to go with it.
B001XRLWPQ|5.0|I've never caught this series on TV but as a fan of the lead actor, Nathan Fillion (Firefly) and an fan of the genre, I thought I'd enjoy it. It's a great series, full of lots of humor and action. I'd recommend it for anyone who likes Law and Order, The Closer or any other police procedural kind of shows. Castle is well-written, well-acted and also full of surprises and unusual plots. Stana Katic (The Librarian: the Judas Cup) is a perfect foil for the intelligent but quirky Castle.
0312243022|4.0|Cunningham fashions 3 braiding worlds for his modish protagonists, all who itch for additional vitality (a typical postmod motif), culminating in a hauntingly stunning book that not all critics can thumb through. Hours follows a typical day for Cunningham's fabrication of Virginia Woolf, 1950s uxorial Laura Brown, and Clarissa Vaughan ---a post-Madonna, Manhattan incarnation of Clarissa Dalloway, Woolf's ironically immortal protagonist. This singular day is pivotal for Hours' constructs, though I'd spoil it by divulging why this day is so particularly significant for Cunningham's trio. Concluding this introductory paragraph, I do not doubt that this book's smart composition and Gordian plot won its author many critics' awards.     Hours' diction, not formulaic but unoriginal, copiously borrows Woolf's flavor and wording in admiration of, or in want of ancillary association to, Woolf. Naturally, Clarissa Vaughan's arc is particularly brilliant but dimly plagiaristic, and thanks to Virginia, Clarissa is amply and simply full, unmistakably vanquishing an occasionally cartoonish Laura Brown and monotonous British author. Cunningham is also notably solid with his mannish constructions, diminishing any impact this book may bring about to any scrutinizing or stoical individual. Notwithstanding, Cunningham's articulation is stunningly artistic and his vocabulary is nothing short of dramatically dominant. Hours' author can primarily satisfy layman and paid critic, as his book contains both blunt narrations and crafty, sagacious diction that link Hours' dark plots.    Again, Cunningham's tonality is not bright or optimistic; I shall not ruin his magnum opus by stating that this book starts with Woolf's Romantically tragic \\"hara-kiri\\" (to disclaim, Woolf's sad introduction is not a part of Hours' main day). Obviously, this book may not curry favor with all pundits, as this publication is drastically morbid, possibly for only \\"an aim at art.\\" But still, what is art but probingthrough unknown or awkward districts of man's anima?     Hours' motifs and topics vary, and Cunningham molds his book so satisfactorily that it allows for various connotations: how to sift through our \\"span of animation\\" to plumb and surmount difficult, important, occasionally inconspicuous crossroads, or how to fathom ramifications of dodging a boring habitation for a wild, possibly propitious \\"span.\\" But my analysis may stay uncommon.  In conclusion, for who just withstood and could fathom my writing, you will probably hold this four-star book in a glorious light. It is built alluringly, whilst banal occasionally, but to fully grasp this book you should absorb Mrs. Dalloway first. This gloomy book is not a landmark in our dominating canon, but it is a gripping story with many poignant topics. I highly vouch for it.
030746363X|4.0|I bought a copy of this book before Christmas, and I had it finished before New Year's Day.  There is a lot of useful information in the book beyond weight loss.  However, I feel the real strength of the book is helping people see how doing just a few things with their diet and exercise routine can make a life changing impact.    Some of the information presented by Ferriss will not appeal to all readers, but the book is written as a guide to sample from rather than a book to read through page by page and chapter by chapter.    There is a lot of information presented for the price.  One or two chapters alone would be worth the $14 to most people I know.  If your are sitting on the fence go ahead and get the book.  You will find it is a good addition to your library.
030746363X|5.0|I never heard of Tim Ferriss until I saw him being interviewed on FoxNews about this book.  I told my husband I would like to get the book for Christmas.  He bought it for me and I had it read cover to cover by the day after Christmas.  I am in the 45-49 age group and have followed nutrition/exercise for quite some time.  It is rare for me to read something and think, \\"Yes, I will try that\\".  But I gained about 4 or 5 things from this book that I wanted to try.  I consider that a good book.  I'm still in the process of trying some things but so far the results have been good.  I recommend this book to people that would like to tweak their diet/exercise plan a little to get the extra results.
030746363X|5.0|This is a great compilation of useful info.  I am using the 5 minute kettlebell routine with great results.  I'm also very pleased since deadlifts and any other kind of front-body leg lift would wreak havoc with my back.  Not so with this.  A word of caution though, if you have any low back issues, just start out very light and add later...don't overdo it.
1439133948|2.0|This whole book functions as a method if getting us to read the last three words plus the \\"aftermath.\\" Not being a skip-to-the-end type reader, I didn't know this and felt a little cheated.     As for the bulk of the story, the plot is overwrought, and doesn't hang together as well as Bujold's usually do. On top of that, the characters fall flat. Jin is the only exception to this, and I mean the only one. Even Miles feels a little two dimensional. We don't even get to meet any of his children. Nor do we see him working to balance his multiple roles as husband, father and imperial pain. Instead, he only does imperial pain, and weakly at that.     If you are a follower of the series, it is important to read those last three words. You can skip the rest though.
0307272702|5.0|I am a physical trainer in NYC with 15 years experience.  I voraciously read nutrition and exercise science journals and books.  I recently read \\"Why We Get Fat\\" by Gary Taubes.  It is a follow up (and somewhat of a clif notes version) to his tome \\"Good Calorie, Bad Calorie\\".   The author is a science writer for the NYT, Discover and Science.  He has an aerospace engineering masters from Stanford and Harvard and a journalism masters from Columbia.  He is not a dietitian or doctor but he has a unique ability to read, understand and objectively explain scientific studies.  In his books he does not attempt to \\"sell\\" a diet (however I'm sure he wants to sell lots of books)  supplements, meal plans etc.  He aims to take a skeptical look into why we believe what we have been told about nutrition.  Most nutritional dogma stems from our government and/or pharmaceutical backed public health policies.  His arguments are detailed (more so in \\"Good Calorie, Bad Calorie\\") and backed with a plethora of scientific evidence.  The following lists some of the irrefutable scientific evidence that he presents :    1-  Just thinking about eating carbohydrates (Pasta, cake, rice, ice cream) raises your insulin levels and makes you hungry, or hungrier.  2- Our hormones, enzymes and growth factors regulate ALL of our fat tissue.  3- Most of the carbohydrates we eat in America were not around for 99.9% of the past 2.5 million years.  Only in the last 30-40 years have these things, we call food, been in our diet.   4- Men and women fatten differently (women are more predisposed to gaining fat) due mostly to our sex hormones.  5- Fat is continuously flowing out of our fat cells and being used for fuel....and we preferentially store fat even when we are not eating more caloies than we are expending.   6- Science is not clear what our ancestors, prior to the development of agriculture, ate.   7- Current hunter-gather societies get most of their calories (on average about 85%), from animal protein and fat. However (Taubes does not talk about this) these societies walk on average 7-10 miles per day.     8- Carbohydrate rich diets lower your HDL's (good cholesterol) which has a direct causation to heart disease and shorter life-spans.  9- High insulin levels (blood sugar) are caused by carbohydrate intake which in turn causes your body to store fat.   10- You will not store fat (of any significance) when your insulin levels are low even when you are eating fatty foods! In fact when your blood sugar is low you will liberate fat from your fat cells.     Here are some things Taubes states that are controversial (however he supports his statements with lots of relevant research) and quite thought provoking:    1- We do NOT get fat because we overeat.  We overeat because we are getting fat.  It is more than calories in, calories out.   2- We do not need ANY carbohydrates in our diet (this is a tough one for me to believe, however he provides some good evidence).  3- All exercise makes you hungry and you will replace ALL the calories your burned by eating more.  (Obviously, I have some problems with this one too!)  4- Atkins style diet (not the South Beach diet) will lower your risk for heart disease, most cancers, Alzheimer's and diabetes.   5- Eat a diet that is about 3 to 1 ratio of fat to protein and a little carbs if you must.   6- Restricting calories is not a good way to lose fat in the long term.     I think this is a fascinating and accessible science book.  I have read countless books on the subjects of exercise, diet, disease, and physiology.  I believe, \\"Why We Get Fat\\" presents devastating arguments against the popular epidemiological studies that taught low-calorie and low-fat diets for health and weight loss.  This book just might shift the pendulum (on its head) about what we know about diet, food and nutrition.     Almost two years ago I drastically lowered my intake of animal protein (I kept eggs and cheese around because they are sooo good!)  due to the bonbardment of evidence I was coming across about the dangers of meat (and the ethical concerns with the way we treat the animals we eat).  So as a quasi vegetarian I am having a hard time making amends with this book and its seemingly strong arguments for a high fat, high protein low carb diet.  I am not totally convinced, but the more I look into the evidence the more I am being swayed.
B000PMLFRA|5.0|I have the laser disc set that is much sought after as well as the DVD version.  This version is spectacular...very high dynamic color range, digital removal of matte issues, high contrast and an  absolutely stunning soundtrack...you will see and hear things anew.  I find the changes a minor irritant.  Coming back to this trilogy with a high end theater setup and this blu ray set is nothing short of a revelation.
030746363X|5.0|The Four Hour Body is a user manual on the body and the best, fastest, and most effective ways to lose weight, add muscle, or anything else you could possibly imagine.  Buy...This...Book!
B002SQFZ68|4.0|I was listening to Bon Jovi when I was a teenager in the 80's , They still sound and look amazing.  They played most of my favorite songs in this concert.    The sound and video quality of this live concert - BluRay DVD is excellent , and good value for money.    Amr Selim , [...]
B000S88JTS|5.0|Greatest motorcycle movie ever and being re-mastered is even better! A must have for any motorcycle enthusiasts. Directors cuts are interesting.
030746363X|5.0|I've often wished that super smart scientists, or aliens or angels or something would come down and just answer simple questions for me. There's so much conflicting information out there, and every \\"study\\" seems funded by an industry with a profit motive that it's hard to tell what's real and what's propaganda.    Fortunately for us, Tim Ferriss has no outside agenda other than finding out what works. He doesn't offer any magic miracles, just his findings on what gives results and he ignores anything else that doesn't help the cause. It's a straightforward guide on a ton of different topics which is why the book is so massive. Get it, it's sure to have many chapters that interest you.
B002ZG981E|4.0|I liked this movie very much but needed to stay focused and without interuption to follow the story line.  Excellent acting and special effects.  Would recommend to friends.
B001U3Y5XE|4.0|I purchased this for my 9 year old son who is lego obsessed.  The game was played by the whole family.  We laughed at each other and at ourselves.  This game takes a lot of imagination.  Only downfall is that it would be helpful to have more bricks.  Overall fun for the entire family!
0374158460|3.0|Jonathan Franzen appeared on Oprah and they chatted and resolved their personality disputes and issues.  They appeared to be so friendly and sympathetic to one another.  They smiled, gave some close visual eye cues, and talked about their long association.<br /><br />Oprah raved about the book Freedom.  She gave it an unqualified endorsement that seemed totally genuine.<br /><br />So, I ordered the book, purchased it, and read the entire long, long tale.  There are many interesting sexual relationships that are described in great detail between young couples and mature couples.  Time intervenes and the sexual relationships continue.<br /><br />There is an interesting political plot involving political people, natural resources, management of natural resources, and the achievement of goals.  This was late in the story but the most interesting and entertaining portion of the book.  I wonder if the book needed to have so many personality subplots to get to this more thought provoking section.
B001VNB54A|3.0|Not as good as The Band.  Has no historical anchors and a lot more  steamy sceans,I think they had to add the sceans to make up for the loss of quality content.  Our family are real history buffs, had to limit what our teens could watch. We were so disappointed that we gave it away after watching it once.
B00021HBGS|4.0|My 2 year old son loves to play with these in the tub! He makes a little road and has the cars drive all over it. It's a lot of fun, the only irritant for mom is the bag doesn't stick to our bumpy shower surface!
030746363X|5.0|It's very obvious to me that Tim Ferris put a lot of effort into this book.  The methods he advises work.  Currently I am on the Slow Carb Diet and I've been on 2 weeks and already I am seeing defined abs when I flex.  I feel healthier and I'm also finding it easier to stay away from junk food.  The diet is sustainable and not a yo yo diet.  Ferris advocates having 1 day binge every week which actually is essential to the weight loss process.  I binged like crazy for the past 2 days and although I'm feeling slightly bloated this morning, no real damage.  I'm back on the diet today.     Besides the diet, one major factor contributing to my program is kettlebells.  It still amazes me how many people still know nothing about these things.  They are THE king of weight loss and conditioning tools.  Ferris added a chapter about these in the book and although I've owned a pair of the bells for a while, reading about them got me back into using them for exercise.  It is paying off with the easily noticeable heightened metabolism, and the fat loss.     These are just 2 things I've been focusing on since I've had the book.  There are many more awesome chapters that I am planning on utilizing in the future.  Ferris has a chapter in the appendix I have found useful about vegan dieting.  Since there is a movement as of late towards this lifestyle, I found the facts he stated helpful and it has finally cemented my decision on whether I am going to stay a meat eater or not.    Thanks Tim Ferris for a great book in an age of crap diet and fitness books out there.  Looking forward to more in the future.
B003UYUQZW|4.0|My family enjoyed this movie. Not only is it action packed, but the story line was interesting and kept us glued to the television. Definitely worth watching.
B00275EHJG|5.0|I was very happy with how quickly my item arrived.  It was brand new, so it was in perfect condition.
B004B8DH98|1.0|A very pretty movie.  Pretty actors, pretty little towns, beautifully shot movie.  Not enough action as an action movie.  Not enough character development as a drama.  I'm not sure what they were trying to do or say.  Kept waiting for it to end.  Other than a few sexy scenes, boring.
B000AJIF4E|4.0|I REALLY LIKE THESE HEADPHONES. THEY ARE COMFORTABLE BUT A LITTLE DIFFICULT TO PUT UP AND TAKE OUT. I DONT THINK IS A REALLY BIG DEAL BUT IT PREVENTS ME FEOM GIVINGNIT 5 STARS. THE SOUND QUALITY IS GOOD FOR ME BUT INJUST USE THEM ON A PLANE
B00006JIA4|4.0|The sound quality is excellent; left nothing to be desired. Both the booklet and metallic slip case are nice and suitable for this type of compilation. Disc three could have been improved upon due to the very unnecessary inclusion of Elton John, George Michael, and Wyclef Jean. Instead of those tracks, more from the \\"Heaven for Everyone\\" album or other Queen songs should have been included. Overall, a great collection of timeless music for a great price.
B0018D4SHY|5.0|I'll tell ya what, he was flamboyant, that's a fact but man could he tear it up!  LR was one hell of a rocker!    You cannot go wrong with this CD!
038572179X|4.0|In the first and best of Atonement's three parts, thirteen-year-old Briony Tallis (a precocious, dramatic, attention-seeking kid) sees her older sister flirting with Robbie Turner, the son of their servant, and imagines that something adult is happening, something she fears and doesn't quite understand.  Briony later intercepts a letter Robbie has written to her sister that describes some lewd fantasies.  Convinced that Robbie is deranged, and later seeing him alone with her sister in the family library, Briony makes an accusation that unjustly derails Robbie's life.  The novel's second part follows Robbie for a period of time during his war service.  The third part brings us back to Briony and her act of atonement that gives the novel its title.<br /><br />The novel's first section, with its familiar description of British aristocracy, builds suspense as sharply written characters follow inexorable paths to tragedy. It places interesting characters in conflict, it creates dramatic tension, and the writing is brilliant. The second section is less impressive:  a conventional war story, well told but in a familiar way. The characters have a dusty feel, as if they had already slogged through other war novels and were getting tired of it. The final section -- the atonement  -- made use of an annoying plot device and ultimately seemed anticlimactic.<br /><br />Atonement never regains the momentum it loses when it switches its focus from the accusation to the war. The novel seems to be setting up a dramatic payoff in the final section that never comes; it didn't grab me or move me, didn't convince me that real people would behave as the characters do. On the strength of its first section and occasional passages of strong writing in the second and third, I recommend the novel, but the disappointing finish prevents me from recommending it highly.
B001AQO3QA|5.0|I'm not going to go on and on about how great this product is but, it is GREAT!    I bought my copy from Amazon.co.uk (that's England) for the lower price and the better packaging.  The packaging is just like the Alien Quadrilogy DVD set which is of the fold-out type and the discs are secured and easily accessible.  Secondly, the Bluray set is region free so, it will play here in the US.      I have had no problems with it playing in my very basic Sony bluray player.  If you can wait a month for it to arrive then you can save some money.  Just go ahead and buy the darn thing already!!!
B002BSHWUU|5.0|This is a complete collection of Beatles albums on CD with digital remastering.  The box set is truly a great value.  All of the original album artwork is included in the disc set with an excellent DVD on the making the albums.  This box set will provide many, many hours of enjoyment.
B003ZTQN1I|5.0|If you go to Itunes they have another CD on there and it is all the original songs from the movie and it is so much better......
B003Q6D2B4|1.0|I was horrified to see that this atrocious film averages a four star rating. I felt obliged to provide an honest and critical account of what must easily rank as the worst movie of the year, if not the decade. It just goes to show how Hollywood has gradually eroded our capacity for critical appraisal and evaluative thought. This awful movie is one enormous cliche based around a series of pathetic and obvious jokes that sound like they were written by a seven year old. In some cases the script is so vapid that the other characters respond to what appears to be an attempted witty one-liner by staring blankly at each other. It is so far fetched and absurd that it is not even entertaining in a weak and obvious Benny Hill sort of vein (not that I like Benny Hill).     It is astonishing that there are adults out there who uncritically lap up the drivel that \\"great\\" actors sign their names to, just because of who they are. Yes, Helen Mirren is a superb actor who has played some magnificent roles. That doesn't excuse the appalling tripe dished up in this dreadful corker. Contrary to the beliefs of her gulllible and undiscerning fans out there, great actors are not infallible or super-human. I am not generally a huge fan of Bruce Willis and I am sorry to say he did nothing in this movie to alter my opinion. He was smug and uninspiring, but at least he was consistent - there was no evidence of any acting at any stage in the movie.     It does make me feel all warm and fuzzy inside to know that people thought this was a \\"fun\\" movie, despite the fact that it was mindless, predictible, pointless and boring. It gives me hope to know that I could scrape together a half-arsed excuse for a movie with a preposterous plot, bland performances and vacuous script. I would then stock it full of 'big names' and make millions of dollars out of it by selling it to the unsuspecting public who ostensibly accept anything that the big names regurgitate into their laps.     A victim of my Scottish heritage, I rarely walk out of movies and thereby waste my investment in the ticket price. However I was compelled to walk out of Red in order to avoid the zombifying effects of this cinematic black-hole. In fact, I could feel my brain-cells self-immolating in protest faster than the vast quantities of sugar I was eating to try and stay awake could destroy them. It is almost criminal that I was charged money to watch Red. The lowest Circle of Hell would be one vast 360 screen playing Red over and over again for all eternity.
0393072231|5.0|The best, call 'em as he sees 'em, book on the craziness of the mortgage securitization/CDO events of the housing crash I've read!!  If you're interested in the \\"real\\" story behind the scenes, definitely pick this one up.  You won't be disappointed.  Lewis competently describes in laymen's terms the workings of CDOs and then takes the reader through how the fiscal wiz-kids manipulated these things until virtually no-one could have a hope of understanding them, including the rating agencies who rated same.  He also portrays some of the nay-sayers against the fiscal soundness of these instruments, who btw, shorted same & made fortunes doing so.  Fine book.
B001VNB54A|4.0|Loved \\"Band of Brothers\\" but just \\"liked\\" this series.  Definitely worth the time if you enjoy shows about WWII.
B001QERPDO|5.0|I bought the cd after hearing \\"The Man Who Can't Be Moved\\". I thought it was the best song I'd heard in a long time until I heard \\"We Cry\\". Then I heard \\"Before the Worst\\", \\"Talk You Down\\", and \\"Breakeven\\".  All of the songs are catchy with great lyrics.  You can't go wrong with this one.
030746363X|4.0|I've enjoyed using Tim's Four Hour Work Week as a reference for building my business, and I was thrilled to find that he had taken his obsession with efficiency to health. As soon as my book arrived, I read non-stop almost to the end. As a vegan, some of the slow carb diet suggestions need to be modified, which he doesn't give that much information about, but otherwise I found this book really engaging, entertaining and informative. I'm a fan and already dropping pounds following the slow carb diet!
0061714372|4.0|Very good book.  I was a little disappointed with Dave constantly reminding us about his involvement with Metalica in the later chapters.  I understand this is part of his experience but I've always enjoyed Megadeth music over Metallica music.
B00275EHJQ|5.0|I had high hopes for Toy story 3.. I knew it was going to be good but I had no idea it was going to be great. This sequel was the  perfect way to end the series....  Toy story 3 is a remarkable film  and i definitely recommend this movie to any fan of the first 2..this movie captures your attention immediately  its very well done
B003U9V6A6|5.0|I really like all of the songs on this cd.  Other than the catchy melodies and lyrics, these songs are very different from the first cd.  As with the first cd, the more I listen to it, the more I like it.  My only complaint is that I couldn't wait for the U.S. release and ordered the import. The U.S. release has extras and I'll have to order those too!
B00192IV9U|3.0|There is no doubt in my mind that the voice is that of Michael Jackson.  I have, and listened to, every song he has written or sung and my opinion is this album just isn't \\"his style\\".  One of the songs even sounds like something in the doo-wop era.  Michael was not, \\"rock and roll\\", nor did he rap, this album has him doing both.  I listen to it because it's Michael, not because I relate to any of the songs as being \\"him\\".  I did purchase it from Amazon and was very satisfied with the price and the delivery.
B002N1AEN2|4.0|I love good independent music. Heard an interview with 2 members of this band on NPR's \\"Fresh Air\\" program. When i heard the music, just had to have the CD. Played it for a week. Excellent.
B00493AD74|2.0|Cate Blanchatt I believe could have been a better fit for the movie. Oh and then there's the screenplay adaptation....lol.
B001OQCV2E|3.0|Other than Sarah Palin becoming President of the United States, I rather doubt that the world will come to an end in 2012.  Of course, I do readily concede that Palin as Prez would be enough to urge the universe to accelerate to its heat-death a few trillion years &lt; schedule.<br /><br />All of that said, there is one facet of this movie that I find to be rather fascinating.  We live in a solar system that is, for the most part, ultra-hostile to life as we know it.  To be sure, it is possible that there is microbial life beneath the icy sheath of Europa & perhaps there is microbial life on Titan ~ I get that.  However, for the post part, this cosmic backwater in the middle of Orion's Arm has little tolerance for sentient life that is advanced enough to build cities, write poetry & vote for a straight Democratic ticket.<br /><br />The exception, of course, is what Carl Sagan eloquently referred to as a pale blue dot:  planet Earth.  It is here & only here that we find a celestial bastion that is overflowing with life.  The question the present movie poses, then, is this:  WHAT IF our beloved but fragile Earth began to resemble the other planets in our solar system?  It's a sobering question & it's certainly not a good thing for the human race.<br /><br />Beyond that, other than some eye-candy special effects, I found this film to be rather bland.  You can only have a plane take off on a runway that is crumbling so many times before it starts to get old.  The sequence in the limo was fun, but entirely unbelievable.<br /><br />I've always enjoyed movies with John Cusack & Amanda Peet.  They have a great chemistry together and they're both fine Thespians in their own rights.  For that reason alone, this flick is worth seeing.  Unfortunately, I found the ending to be a cop-out and pretty much a 21st rendition of the story of Noah's Ark.  Sad, but true.
B00335EQ3Q|4.0|One of the cheesiest movies of all times. BUT I LOVE IT!!! If you like real characters and ballroom dancing, this movie should be part of your collection.    DVD came in great condition and shipped earlier than expected. Overall, very satisfied with the service I received from Amazon.
B0031YJFCQ|5.0|This trilogy was an amazing read.  I was hesitant to start it, but now I am very happy that I have.  One of the best stories that I have read in a very long time.
0061998494|5.0|This book truly brings an amazing story.    From start to end, you'll not take your eyes out of the book for one second wondering what will happen with Craig. Though we all know how it ends, he writes in such matter that will keep everyone interest.
B003YHSE7W|4.0|Very, very good presentation of the movie.  I don't think it looked this good when I saw it in the theatre.  Crisp, sharp and clear (blu-ray player, HDMI cable into a 1080dpi television), there are times you feel like you could almost step through and join the movie.  Downey and Company do a fine job (if you can accept Samuel L Jackson being Nick Fury, my only complaint in the casting).  Loaded with extras, all well worth checking out and worth your time.  The seeds of the coming Thor, Captain America & Avengers movies are all here and better shown in the extras.  I really have no complaints about this movie other than I wanted more.
0385523912|5.0|This is a brilliant book, and deserves to be read widely. As a lover of non-fiction, it can be disheartening to see the shops' shelves groaning with fifth-rate books by sixth-rate television and radio personalities at the expense of much more worthy books. This book is like a vitamin shot. The narrative is woven out of the threads of individual defectors' stories, first hand experience of life in North Korea being naturally hard to come by. I, coming from a position of little detailed knowledge of the history of North Korea, found the book informative on general historical matters, and appreciated having the background sketched in where needed. The style is also well-judged for the material. The author wisely lets the material do the talking, rather than seeking to \\"treat\\" it in some way. While the author allows herself to appear in the narrative, it is neither intrusive nor heavy-handed.     Some of the material is grotesquely funny, but often it is genuinely shocking, and one can feel nothing but sympathy for those who remain trapped in a country run so poorly and inequitably. Other reviews, and indeed this book itself, refer to the parallels with 1984, a book which I re-read after finishing this one; but for the names, 1984 now reads like an inspired piece of futurology rather than a piece of speculative dystopian fiction.     Although ultimately the stories of the individual defectors, once the narrative shifted to their lives in the South, did not pack the emotional punch which the author may have wished for, that simply underlines the fact that she is documenting real lives and not writing romantic fiction. A brilliant and sophisticated book showing that people and the world are infinitely more subtle and complex than the dunderheaded \\"Us vs Them\\" brigade who generate a lot of heat, but precious little light, would have us believe.
B000O8OTNC|5.0|I am impressed with the this little sharpener.  Compact, lightweight, and fool-proof. I use it on my fillet knife and it works well for that purpose.  I've never gotten the hang of properly using a sharpening stone, so this has been a great asset for me.
0307739961|3.0|A great book.  But if your looking for a specific cover make sure you specify when ordering, they sent me the wrong cover.
B001IBIHQ4|4.0|(Be sure and watch the special features first)    The HBO series \\"PACIFIC\\" did a good job of portraying conditions both for the combat and the living conditions, however, the bestial brutality that developed between the forces was not documented well at all. The Japanese code of \\"BUSHIDO\\" was uncompromising and demanded only a honorable death for the follower. No quarter was generally given after the Marines learned their lessons the hard way on Guadalcanal. The destruction of the Goettge patrol was one incident that infuriated Marines towards the Japanese and was not even mentioned in the series.     I understand the enormity of depicting the war in the Pacific Theater of Operations. It was a darn near impossible task.     Overall, I enjoyed the series immensely. Many things that were historically and dramatically important have been omitted. Without background knowledge it would be confusing for a person to sit through. Lots of questions go unaddressed. This would be a good place to introduce students to WW2 in the Pacific and continue with in-depth study of personal accounts.
B003JTHXOK|4.0|I have read all of the Nicholas Sparks books.  Of course he has the talent of a lovely romance author.  However, I was excited to see that he really did a good job with the suspense in this novel.  I found myself getting nervous and reading faster during the tense times!  It was an easy read and I knocked it out in a few days.  I recommend it.
B0036OS3Q0|4.0|I spent hours researching winter boots. I live in Vermont so it was really important to me that the boot be both warm and waterproof. Add to that a desire to have a funky color and a comfortable fit and I ended up with my warm, comfortable, cozy, yellow Croc Winter Boot. Have not regretted the purchase-- and would do it all over again. The next time I'll order a half size up, though. They run small.
B002C2XXJY|3.0|My daughter wanted this for Christmas. Last year she got a Taylor Swift cd and wore it out. This is quite a bit different and she really doesn't like the music very much. I should have had her preview before I bought.
B0049985XW|1.0|I ordered this disk thinking it was the movie, but instead this disk was about John Huston's life.  There was no 2nd disk of the movie included.  I believe that Amazon should make it clear what is in the DVD that we order!!<br /><br />Most disappointing!
B0015ABRE2|5.0|Netflix streaming only has the first two seasons, so I turned to Amazon for the show's third chapter. The Ice Truck Killer is cool and Lila Tournay was interesting, but Jimmy Smits' Miguel Prado is the best of the initial three antagonists (the Skinner is more of a side character).
030746363X|5.0|All of the material in this book is not for everyone, but there is something in this book for everyone (does that make sense?). Whatever it is that you are interested in building or improving with regards to your physical body there will be something you can apply in these pages that will help you dramatically boost your results. I don't care about bench pressing more, but I am interested in deadlifting a ton of weight and using it to improve my plyometrics. Great book, well worth the $14. You'll reference it for years to come.
159448385X|5.0|I read The Kite Runner and had high expectations for this book. It did not disappoint! Incredible story that leaves you anxious to keep reading and afraid to keep turning the pages at the same time!
B002ZG981E|5.0|This movie is simply amazing! It really gets you to pay attention in order to understand it. Leonardo Di Caprio was  a great actor for his role.
B000VECAEO|5.0|The most influential sitcom since Lucy broke its own mold during the last season.  Behind the scenes features relive the madness that was the last and greatest run.
0810997827|5.0|I bought this as a Christmas present for my 9-year old grandson. He has completed the set and ready for the next books. He loved them.
B003EYVY0E|4.0|The movie definitely captures the dark undertones of the book as the characters start growing up. The movie captures the main plot of the story and is an exciting movie to watch. A must see for die hard fans and dabblers alike!
0756659841|5.0|These DK Ultimate Sticker books are great, but you have to be aware of the differences.  DK makes other sticker books that are much thinner and not a very good value.  It looks like those are called \\"Ultimate Sticker Books\\" whereas this one is \\"Ultimate Sticker COLLECTION\\".  This thing is 96 pages chock full of big, colorful stickers to place on the pages.  Plus there are a ton of other stickers that don't go on the pages so can be used anywhere.    I got the Nickelodeon one like this for my daughter and this LEGO one for my son.  It keeps them busy for hours and they really enjoy them.  If your child loves LEGO, this is an awesome book.  Huge stickers of so many cool Minifigures.  It's fun to see the ones they have in their collection.    Just watch out for the differences in these books, but this is one of the good ones.
B003J27WFW|4.0|If you are a Rush fan this is a must have DVD. It has an amazing amount of history about the individuals that make up one of the greatest rock bands of all time. From humble beginnings, to overwork, juggling raising families while touring, and tragedy that almost broke up the band for ever. Then the resurrection of the band that has exceeded their own expectations.   Great video of the early days of the band, and never before video of the band live.
030746363X|5.0|Read the book in 4 days and started right in. Lost 10 lbs the first week. I found my favorite recipes and the plan is working. Stick with it!!
